NEWS AND NOTES. From the Survey Office register we learn that up to 3.30 p.m. on Friday half an inch of rain had fallen that day, but by 9.30 p.m. it had increased to 3.97, or almost 4 inches. This very great full acoounts for all the moving incidents by flood thdf night. •' „ Ah inquesLwaa-beid at tbd Ileaufort iidtel, l3yro street, on Saturday, on the body of Jessie liose Muuro, aged three years and five months, daughter of Mr Robert Muuro, bootmaker, living in Eyre street. The deceased, whilst in thc enjoyment of good health, and taking ;, bet dinner on Friday, cqmplaihed of a pain in her stomach. As she looked vpry ill Dr Jakiris 'tiia sent for, and attended about five o’clock in the afternoon. The child was then in bed and in great pain. The doctor prescribed as an emetic mustard and water, and a bath of mustard and water.': At nine o’clock she had some brandy and soda-water, and at half- past eleven p.m. she died. The deceased had for her dinner boiled beef, haiTots, and cabbage. A post-morted examination of.the body was made by Dr Jakius, and be found that _the small intestine was deeply inflamed, aud .that enteritis was the cause of death. The medical opinion was, that the inflamma tion was occasioned by the dinner. Meat and vege tables stewed together frequently caused vomiting in healthy people, aufftliis druSo, fronl the fermentation • which often took plitco; especially in thundory'Vveather. A verdict in accordance with. the. medical evidence was returned by the jury. i ? ’' '' ' The southern portion of Ballarat lately appears to, have been a favorite field of bperetidh for bflrglars. During the last few weeks wo have had to report various hotel robberies in that locality, and again early on. Saturday last, the premises of Mr W. Johnston, draper, Skiptou street, were burglariously entered, and.a pjeco.of,Geelong twectL stoleu,, valued at £7- 10s; iTbere isflittle doubt that ulargorihaul was anticipated by the thieves, blit fortunately they were disturbed in theif operations. Oh the saifle morning a burglarious attempt was made to enter the shop of MrCowley, draper, in .the same.Btjrept,T hat this, time '.witbont.sucbess.? As stated- itisLcerteinly tamo that some more vigorous action was. taken by , the police to discover the perpetrators of these robberies, more especially in this part of the. city, where burglaries haVhVbeen sofrequent of late.«£ Mr William Steet, of Skipton street, says he was not Edwin Steet who was fined at the City Police- court on Friday, for having assaulted Patrick Curtain. The name of Steet appeared in the book at the court, but Mr Steet thinks that it should be “ Steeds." John Brown, a laboring man, who was lodged in the Eastern lock- up on Saturday night, charged with’ having been/ drunk [and disorderly, attempted, to strangle himself in the lock-up at eight o’clock on Sun day morning. Brown tied a neck-scarf round his throat, and would, no doubt, UaVe dune himself some injury had noba fellowflifisoner named Burfceiforcibly removed the scarf from his neck. In the case of William Martin v Laurence Phelan, heard, at ,the:’Tbwu Police-court on Thursday, the police have found that the fowl which Martin said was killed at a,quarter to four o’clock on the Monday afternoon previous,’was killed some hoars before that time. Martin, in his evidence, stated that he saw Phelan deliberately break one of' the, fowl’s legs. PhelauTs taid to have 'been away from home at the time mentioned by Martin, so that the case presents another aspect. '■ The late heavy rains have raised Lake Wendoureo some six inches, and if is asserted that if the catch .water, drains near the tullgatc on The Burrumbeet road bad been looked after in time, u much larger quantity of water would have been stored. .Some of the deep draught boats of the sailing flotilla, which a few days back could scarcely drag their keels over the grassy bed of?the'-lake’at a : sufficient speed to give' steerage way, might be seen yesterday flitting about as lively,, as kittens, and : showing unmistakable symptoms of their ability to square ..the yards with their surface’ sailing- racing opponents at no distant date. - The work of rush-cutting’goes merrily on along the southern shore of the lake, and it is intended to hold the annual sailing regatta as soon os a general clearance, shall haye been made,, by which, time there will be a feuffinency bfwatertorevery description of sailing craft of anyracing pretensions. It is thought that were our rowing clubs to measure their skill and practice against each other oftener, instead of rowing scratch races among themselves, as they have done of late, they would have performed much better at the late Melbourne regatta. On Thursdays evening, 26th March, Mr Philipps, one of the candidates for Creswick, lectured at the Presbyterian Church, Smeaton, to a large audience. It was the occasion of the anniversary of the church. The subject of the lecture was “Lord Brougham,” whose career as statesman, lawyer, orator, and writer were eloquently dilated on iu u pleasant and instruc tive manner. During the proceodiugs several pieces • of music were rendered by the members of Mr G. Williams’ class. The Rev. Mark Dixon presided, and after the customary votes pf thanks the meeting separated, highly pleased with all that, had taken, place. On Saturday night, about ten o’clock, a seemingly unprovoked assault was made on a minor who was standing opposite the shop of Mr Wheeler, chemist,’-in Sturt street,. The miner iu question, asked a cabman whether he could tell him when the next cab would bo going past the No. 3 shaft of the Band of Hope Company. The cabman’s answer was given in the shape of a severe blow iu the face, which nearly sent the enquirer through the adjoining shop window. A crowd gathered quickly, and had it not been for the intervention of the police, a general row would pro bably have taken place. The matter will codie before the Police-court, Electoral matters at Creswick are progressing. The whole of the candidates are busy doihg the electorate district, and nightly hold meetings at some part or another. They have all addressed the electors of’ Creswick and been favorably received, but the general impression is that the two local candidates, Messrs .Cooper and Richardson, will receive the largest share of support as far as the borough is concerned, while it is as generally thought that Mr J. S. Stewart will head the polL Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—“The Hon. Francis Longmore appears gratified at his walkover, and is visiting his constituents. Oh Friday evening he held a meeting at the Temperance Hall, but owing to the heavy rain that was falling the attendance was small. Mr James Baird, J.P., was voted to the chair. Mr Longmore briefly reviewed the leading measures that had passed the Legislature. The present tariff was good, and ho advocated the construction of cheap railways. The Education Act was working well, as from returns furnished there were. 55,000 children taking advantage of it, a result that they should be proud of. Ho would assist by every honest means to obtain a reform of the Upper House, whether he was in opposition to the present Ministry or not. He up held the Norwegian scheme of representation, which was based on universal suffrage for both Upper and Lower Houses. Referring to the Local Government Bill, Mr Longmore considered that the land should be taxed according .to its value. Taxation hitherto ,had come off the farmers, and he proposed that all land up to G4O acres, should be free, and after this accumu lative. The taxes at present vyere auch that the poor could hot hold their heads up, and the wealthybecamo wealthier. He would break up the large properties at all risks, and would support the accumulative prin ciple. In answer to questions, • Mr ; Longmore stated that a difficulty bad arisen’in boards of advice wanting too much power. The Minister was the responsible person, the duties of the boards heiog to look after the schools and the He Considered that Mr: Stephen bad not acted/up to bis duty, nor could he so long as bis duties were divided; Votes of thanks to the speaker and the chairman terminated the pro- . , The committee :of St. Peter’s Church, Bungarce,. havo offered tbe uso of their building to the Education Department, for-State school purposes, lit a moderate rental'. - Mr T. 11;-Walpolohas beeh.:c'ouduotiug.a day. school in the church, for the.past five months, on the free education principle,’ but ho government aid has been received. A promise was obtained at tho.open ing of the school, from the Education: Department, that the district inspector should visit the locality and;, report upon tho application made to, the Government, for the establishment of a State school at Musk Creek. This promise has, not been redeemed.' The con sequence is; that Mr Walpole has now discontinued his efforts and closed the .school. is not likely to: be again re-opened unless an .intimation is received of: an early visit from - the inspector. About: fifty-six children were ih regular attendance, and very”few of these: can attend the neighboring State .schools, as these schools are almost, if not altogether, inaccessible to the children resident near the Musk Creek. A number of . children, ten and twelve years of age, were in attendanoe;at Mr.,Walpble\Bohool, who previously were in lghdmiioß of' the-alphabet. It is to be hoped that Mr .Walpole will receive encouragement to re-opdn the school; and that his efforts td have a State school established dull Mot be unavailing, Tbe’steop ranges and nUnioi'OUS ctesks and swamp'd’which render the Happy Valley and Devil’s Cheek schools eo inaccessible to' the .children, render the immediate, establishment ofj a .State school in this localityjex tremc 1 y 'dcsirab Ic. . The lute rains have made it,"ii possible, more urgently necessary. The autumn grain, show of the Ballarat Agricul tural and Pastoral Society was bold on Saturday at the yards fleiif Bake Wenddiired; put the attendance of thepublic was Very limited. Soiiid of this exhibits were very fair, but the grain did not come up to. last, year’s average, neither wore they so numerous. Mr Jas. Baird took the first prize" for Wheat; Messrs Wm. 1 Ross, Minors’ Rest, and Mr David .Campbell,. Burnt. Bridge, formats; Mr. D.: Kinnersley,: : Learmonth,- fpr'English harley, and , Mr VVm. Boss for’Cape bar ley.'ln thd class for seeds .Messrs (J. Smith: ajjd'B. U. Nioholls were the principal prize-takers, and Messrs John Rds?,.gardener W the-Ballarat-Hospital, and Mr James Brewsterj gardener at ’the Benevolent-Asylum, divided chief honors for bulbous-roots. Mr’P. Quin livan, Learmonth, however, took the two first -prizes fdr pbtatoos’., , A report will bo found elsewhere. \--A horse Attached to a buggy, bolted from opposite tbe.Pos.tmfflce on Saturday; The runaway went up Lydiard street north, tufnbd.ln at the railway gates, then on to the railway line,'and found its Way to the Eastern Railway Station, where it was stopped. The Minister of Lands appears to have his hands so full of work at present in his department that he cannot find lime to attend to his duties as Minister of Agriculture, oVen to thi: allotment of the vote to agri cultural societies, and this is a matter of inconveni ence to several, more especially to the, Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society. It seems that'a sum of about £350, out of the grant of £4OOO to agricul tural aocietiesj should have been paid to this body immediately after the priiie-iridhey was awdrded at the late.'spring show, about two months ago, the vote having passed the Assembly in tho usual way; hut the excuse made for non-payment-is, that Mr Casey is too -, busy. Considering that tho Ballarat Agricul tural Society incurred an overdraft at the hank for the purpose of paying away the prices, with tho. promise that their portion,of the, grant would ,bo awarded as soon as available, - it is not too much: to expect that this course should bo ; followed. without, any - more delay,, especially as the society has to pay , heavy' interest on, the overdraft,- .which might be avoided if, their portion of the grant were paid. At.the Town Police-fcOurt' oh Saturday six drank* ards wero dealt with in the ordinary way. A man named Henry Franklin was remanded till to-day on a' charge of having been found in a public place with intent to commit a- felony. The mayor attended at the court-house. 1 A .fight occurred in the Eastern Market on Saturday evening, between Mr Edward Giithhert and another man. ■ Constable English arrived'Whtin hOtU'Odiilbat auts were “at it.” Mr Cuthbert was arrested-oh a charge of threatening behavior, but his antagonist escaped in the crowd.'• i-.t-.i The Chines Board of Advice has expressed'itself oppoaed to religious teaching' in State schools. In reply to a communication from the Rev. J. E. Her ding,..who notified his, desire to ..impart. .Biblical in struction to children of Church of England parents attending the focal schools; on days and hours sanc tioned by the board, it was resolved—" That whilst the bear'd fully recognises the importance of tho religious education of youth, it is of opinion that it would be ’coutrary to the spirit of the Education Act to allow any religious teaching in Shite solihols under its charge, and therefore declines to sanction the use; of the schools'for such purpose. 1 ’ lb itiay he men tioned that the nctiou of the board meets with general approval from the inbabitants. We learn from tho Aye that his Honor Mr Justice Williams, who was appointed to his office on the 22nd : July, 1852, has forwarded his resignation as a judge 'of the Supreme Court v to the EaW-offlcers'of' tho : Crown, with a request that it shall date from the I:3th proximo, and claiming a retiringpehsion Of £l5OO per annum, being at the rate of'one-half the .present salary payable under the Judges Salaries Act, dated December,-1872. By that act the salaries of the Supreme Court puisne judges were increased from £2500 to £3OOO. - This will therefore, it is supposed,- entitle his Honor to an addition to his pension of £250 per annum beyond the amount ho could have; received had he resigned somewhat sooner. The re tiring allowance of a Supreme Court judge is provided forby theApth section of the Constitution Act^,which' sets out “Hot more than-.£4000, shall be payable at the same time ' for to the judges of the Supreme Court .out of the sums set apart for such pen sions, provided that all such pensions shall be granted in accordance with-the regulations to be framed'by the Government and Executive Council, so that they shall so far accord with the act of Imperial Parliament regulating the-pensions of the judges of the United Kingdom.’’ , The' regulations referred to were made by the Governor, and Executive Council, in February, 1857, and are still-in force, inasmuch as the Supreme Court Act and- Judges Salaries Act have made no pro vision to the contrary.,,' •' Major W. C. Smith held ,a meeting on Saturday night, at Larkins’ hotel, near the'Mew' Cemetery, Mr Ross in the; chair. Major Smith stated his .views, cautioned the people against Melbourne influence, and urged a complete reform of the Upper House.; Several questions were asked and answered. The .usual vote of confidence was carried- unanimously. As sovefallada wero standing in Sturt street near tho corner of Errard street, on Sunday afternoon, ono of them received a severe cut in the forehead, which' bled profusely, by a smaller lad shying a stone from a shanghai; at u short''distance. The other lads seeing the damage done to their companion, gave chase after the little urchin who had done tho mischief, with'tho intent, no doubt, of giving him his deserts for so dastardly,an act. , , - ; Petty thefts are still being committed both in the Eastern township and the City. On Saturday even ing, at nine o’clock, a waterproof coat, value 40s, was stolen from the store of Mr John Elsworth, Main road. The theft was committed during the temporary ab sence of Mr Elsworth from his shop. .; ■ An old woman named Anne Robinson was arrested on Sunday afternoon, by Constable Cos tter, on a charge of having stolen a gold watch and.chain, value £l5, from Annie : Armytage, living in Peei. street. .-The prisoner, was lodged in the Eastern lock-up. A man named William Gilmore alias Calvert was brought to Ballarat on Saturday, on remand from Geelong, on-a charge, of having stolen ai quantity of ' wearing apparel and a gold locket, value £l3, from the dwelling of Mr Wm. Thompson, Creswick road. The prisoner will appear at the Eastern Police-court this morning. ‘ To-night in the Masonic Hall, Camp street/will be held for the.first time in Ballarat/the .quarterly-com munication of the'Provincial Grand Lodge, under the M. W. of the Grand Lodge of Ireland. -The officers to take part in the business and ceremonies will in clude the' Hon. John Thomas Smith, Provincial Grand Master; Br W. Scott, D.P.6.M.; Br. A. Blunnin, P.G.S.W.; BrE. R. Whitby,. P.G.J.W.; Br.J. O.Rose, Br A. Ellis, Br. Rev. G. J, Russell, Acting P. G. Chaplain; Br W. Small, Acting,P.G.S.D.;Br W. Davis, P.G.J.D.; Br J. ' Barwiok, P.G.S. Works; Br , J. A. Brodie, P.G.D.C.; Br J. Duress, P.Q. Steward; Br T. Aldred, P.G.J.G.; Br W. Robertson, Tyler. There will also be present the past officers of Ihe P.G. Lodge, and representatives from Bnninyong, Clunea, Smythesdale, Sebastopol, Talbot, &c.;, in all about ninety members of the craft are expected' to be present. After the lodge is closed the brethren will proceed to the Mechanics’ Institute Hall, wherea com plimentary banquet will bo given to’ the' Provincial Grand Officers by the St. John’s Lodge.. Tho caterer for banquet is Br R. Ward, P.P.G.S.W. The inhabitants of Mount. Blowhard, CoghilTs Creek, Glendaruel, Mount Beckwortb, Evansford, and. Kangaroo' Flat have petitioned the Postmaster* General'to establish'a mail route, commencing at Bal larat, via the above places, to Talbot direct, by which means communication will be more advantageous to these places than hitherto, ns nt present com fionfrom either places must first go either round by Talbot or by Ballarat, as the case may be; also, neither the Ballarat or Talbot papers can be obtained by post until a day old, which is a disadvantage to all parties interested in business of all kinds. It is to be hoped that the petitions, which wore numerously sighed by all tho most influential residents in each district, will haye the desired effect of establishing a'mail along the main Amherst road. ' , , , ~ - ... 'S' under the Land Act are notified in t)i6. Gazette:— Fehring, 20a; Alexander M’Cofmiok, parish of Cbepstowo, 4w 1?;33p. Talbot—Edwin Hull, parish of Amphitheatre, flOa.; Talbot—Two licenses; Mels' Carlson, parish of . Amphitheatre, '4oa. . Robertson, jun.; parish of Bil-bil-wyt, 224a 3r-12p;' WilJiam/.Ken hedy/parish of Narmbool/41a 0r sp, / On Wedneaday, 25th March, a'bazaar and tea mect ingwere -held in St. Peter’s Church,- Dungaree, to a'ssist.iuraisiugrfunids for reducing the building debt. Tho church is a'new one, having only been opened for public, worship in June- of last year, It is a wooden structure,' substantially built, measuring about 40 feet,by,2o. It has a neat appearance outside, but jtbAiuterior is not yet lined. The Rev. G. G- Atlanby the pastoral • charge of the congregation. The bazaar was opened at three o’clock by Mr Allahby, and was well patronised, the greater portion of the articles being disposed of before tea. i The remaining articles were quickly and eagerly drawn-for after .the tea-tables Had b’ceri. removed; A public mooting was then held, thd Rev. Mr Allanby presiding. : The chair man read a financial statement' shorting a total debt on the -building of paying the con tractors, '%& . In, ;-Bp'raking ; f6f the' subscriptions re ceived special mention wae. s ;tnade of a sum of £25 raised in:England by the daughter of Dr Walpole, the Sj&tr.oi; fiipoil' hdaoiogrliar' subscription list with a ddnation .'of, two guineas, lultnedlately on this an hpuriceliient being made.a Bpeeial; Void of thanks was conveyed to Miss Walpole,- by whoso appeal to her sister in England this sfiii had: biefi obtained. After the.fchairman had addressed.- the meeting, Speeches were delivered by the Rev;Hr Junes and by Mr Lewis Gabriel, and a number of choice selections of sacred music were sung by the church choir under the direc “tion of Mr Richardson. Votes of thanks to Mrs Payne, Dr Walpole, and the ladies who assisted with the bacaaf; to the speakers; and to the church choir, ter minated - the pfotjesdiiiss; - The gross proceeds from tea meeting andbazaariWern very satisfactory and en couraging. .- . , ... •,, Diphtheria is very prevalent about the Devil’s Creek. The State school there has been closed; for some days in consequence. -We regret to learn that several deaths liafe obdurted; . During the past week Mr Downing,, of Devil’s Greek, hits lost two children, and several others in the neighborhood life Still' in a dangerous condition. : The question of constitutional reform is making progress. The Telegraph now seesthat the thing to be done is,’to.have two Houses elected pretty much on the same basis. . Ever since, the Darling grant dispute we have been trying to make -this Understood, and, like the Telegraph, have drawn‘our arguments chiefly ftomiho American States. . We. hope • our contempo rary has,also epmo to see,the futility of the ministe rial scheme, and is prepared to join us in going in for the only reform worth having a crisis about. Mr Jessup, one of the candidates for Creswick, ad dressed the, electors 'of Coghill's Creek, at Matthews’ lldtfll; cn Friday; Mr Tinkler in the chair. Although the rain came down .with some force there was a good Mr gave his views with clearness, and met with the approbation of the meeting. The following questions were asked, whether he was in favor of pensions to retiring civil servants, payment of Members of Parliament, Single Bottle Bill, and the Permissive Bill, to all of which ho answered in the. negative. Ho was in favor of abolishing tolls, of .mining on private property, of the extension of selcc* tions to 610 acres, but nut of assisted immigration, except Under certain... circumstances. At the conclu sion a vote of confidence was passed to'the candidate, and thanks to the chairman. The Chief Commissioner of Police having obtained leave of absence, Superintendent; Winch has been (gazetted Acting Chief Commissioner. 5 We (Argus) learn that the friends of Geo. Butchart, who'ls charged with committing forgery under extra ordinary circumstances, have obtained a medical certi ficate, • signed by Mr W., Thomson and Dr Patrick Smith, to .the ellect that the defendant is laboring undef ; decided .mental aberration,' resulting from erysipelas, from which he suffered some months ago. There are, the doctors state/ decided symptoms of thickening of the membranes of the brain.. A ghost story is a not unfitting sequel (aayatbe Maryborough Standard) to the lamentable Bung Bong tragedy. A correspondent gives the circumstances as nearly as possible as they were told him s—Some ten days since three men, residents of Bung Bong, being out late on business, and having Occasion to pass close by the scene -of the late horrors, saw distinctly four persons (a man and three'children), whom they in stantly recognised as the suicide and his family,-ap proach the house and enter—or appear to do so—by’ tlie door:, All .three saw the apparition and remarked to each Mother bn.,its singularity; They then tried the door;"and finding it securely locked, departed to their homes sadly and silently, fully ’ impressed with the belief that they][had,seen a ghost, or rather four ghosts.. .. ' . On behalf .of that rather remarkablo AP. Mr Hark ne3a, whom we fedetttly commended to the attention of the Attorney or SuUcitur-Qeueral, thc Maryborough Standard says:—“ With illqudged, sieal it appears that they commenced at an burly hour in the morning,- yiz.j eight o’clock, when thn Stookall family were not well out of;bed, and under these circumstances, coun sel artfully 'excited.spme sympathy for the plaintiff ,by an . allusion to children going about half naked without shoes or • stockings ■■ on, but fortunately the weather wastolerably Warm'at the-time, and the chil dren are saii) to have Constitutions. . .It is to be regretted perhaps that Mr -Harkaess was some-: what flurried in the witness-box; and conveyed an impression to the court which, we believe, was not well founded, but wo. hardly think his conduce is open to the severe animadversions which have neen passed upon it.” .. , . , Referring to Australian exploration the’ Perth 'ln quirer says:—“ Willingly granting to Major Warburton all the honor and merit of being the first explorer who ever succeeded in crossing central Australia from east to west/there is yet a large and, so far as this' colony is concerned, a more important section of the vast interior unexplored. And it is this portion which Mr Forrest proposes to traverse. He is now busily organising and equipping an expedition which , will, leave Champion Bay about the beginning of April. Mr Forrest intends going out by Tailoring and Mount Luke, and strike the Murchison ..near Mount*; Gould. The expedition will then follow the Murchison River, to its source, and perchance continue easterly to the trans-continental telegraph line, between Adelaide and Bert Darwin, though the latter is not one of the avowed objects of tbe party. The expedition will con sist of six men, all told, with eighteen horses, and: will take about six mouths’ supply of provisions! Tue geographical results from this expedition will be looked forward to with great interest. It will throw light on over 100,000,000 acres of : our territory hitherto untrodden by the white man, and salve that vexed problem which has sir often puzzled those best versed in terrestrial physics—What lies beyond, the watershed -of the Murchison ? In that unknown region do the rivers run inland, as in some other parts of Australia?” i The Gazette announces that John Drummond is to be returning- officer for the schaol diatrict of the shire ofßungaree (No. 114), vice Andrew J. Forbes, de ceased. ~ Another check bW been devised for the purpose of lessening the facilities for. the embezzlement of public moneys. Henceforth, whenever any department may be in want of forms of account, or any forms that may be made tobeara money value, it.will be necessary to submit the requisition on the Government Printer for the approval of the Treasurer'before they will be dealt 'with! . Mr James J. Martin;-Chines, has been gazetted electoral-registrar for.the Clunes electoral division, vice L. M’Lennan, resigned. , The Gazette notifies that'Barkly is to boa polling place for the Navarre division of the electoral district of Crowlands. and the revocationof Barkly us a polUog-place for the Malakhofi division of the said electoral district; '. : Our advertising columns contain the advertisement for the Harmonic Society ’sHood. Friday concert. It will be seen that Mr James K. Dowu, of Geelong, has been engaged as principal tenor. It will be seen by ah advertisement in another column that the match between, the Victorian Eleven v Eighteen of Ballarat will take place on Good Friday and the day following. As tho eleven comprise Vic toria’s beat cricketers there should be a good attend ance, but more especially so seeing that the proceeds are in aid of our.three local charities..- - A meeting of the sports committee of the B.C.C. is called for this afternoon, at two o’clock, at Mr Ack man’s office, Lydiard street.: ■ . Mr Robert Walsh will address the electors ‘of Bal larat East this evening, in the Town-hall. Nominations for . the Ballarat .Coursing Club All aged Stake muaV’be made on. Monday, 13tU April. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Meetings' of candidates for parliamentary honors during the week, will bo found :in our advertising columns):- ' ■ ■ ' : ' it-;' Mr R. H. Lock through our advertising, columns thanks the electors of Grenville. . ’ - A piceon shooting match at the Two Bridges " hotel is announced for Saturday.next. , : ! - 