VOICE OF THE PULPIT. IThI, oolumn is entirely suppliod by correspondent and evory communication wo rcceivo on Monday morn togs upon tho subject has Its ptaco here. At tho Independent Ghnrcb, Collins street, yesterday morning, Mr, Symona preached owing to the illness of Mr. Henderson, who -was advertised to hold forth at Prahran in the evoning. Mr. Symons took his text from Daniol vi., 23. Although God has declared that tho words of His prophot "wore closed up and sealed till the time of tho end," the preachor voluntaored to explain their moaning. Ho said the four children spoken of in tho first ohaptor woro young mon who liad passed thoir matricnlailon examination, and had gone through a threo years' college course. As regards Daniol, he was not only a first-rats man of business, but if ho had lived in our days ha would have taken a double first at Oxford, or havo been a senior wrangler at Cambridge. Various explana tions had been suggested of his asking to have his moat obangod, Ono of these was that his diet may havo been too rich for a etudioas man. His success in life was due to his great business capacity, which served to show that a man might be a good Chris tian, and yetinako a groat figure in the com- xnercial world. It was a mistako to suppose that thero was a great gulf between things secular and Bacred. Quito tho revorso. A man is serving God when he !b making money ; provided ho does it honestly and diligently ; for although tho world hated Christ, His disciples, who lived aud diod in poverty, it does not hato tho modern Chris tian, hut respects him if he is only rich. They 3>ad moro light and better knowledge than Daniel, who was only instruotcd by God, and therefore thoy should serve Him faithfully, being fervent in spirit, and at the same time diligent in busiuess. With rospect to the incident of tho lion's den, Mr. Symons as sured his hearers that it was not a parable, bnt a narrative of something that aotually occurred. At the Collins street Baptist Church, tho Rev. J. Martin preached on Sunday morning, from Romans xiv., 5. Ho said tho apostle Paul, like Jcsub and all His apostles, did not esteem ono day more than another, while the Jews, like the religious of tho present day, observed certain days above others, and Bought to interfere with thoso people who ohose to spend them more sensibly. But the text shows the right of each ono to be fnlly persuaded in his own mind. Ko per son whatever, be ho priest or parson, or any other man (he said), had any right to inter- iero with or dictate to others. Tho various ministers of the Christian Church, ho Bhowcd, were at variance one with another, and no two agreed ; therefore, why should any man bo guided by them as to tho way he should observe tho Sabbath '! as to how many times be should attend church ! or, as to what notion is wrong and what is right therein 1 Tho reverend gentleman urgod upon all to be fully persuaded in their own minds, and to H bo guided by no man ; and yet we must be careful that wo aro not wrongly persuaded, for (he said) tho Jews wero fully persuaded that they did right in crucifying Christ ; bo "were the religious, at all times, when they slow those who spoko tho truth to them, and to speak of onr own experience, so aro Christians at the present timo too often fully persuaded in their own minds that thoy are worshipping and serving God, whilo they aro doing tho devil's work. Tho Rev. Christopher Bromby preached tn the evening at St. Peter's, taking for his text Hebrow x,, 19 to 22 verses. Tho preacher reminded his hearers that thoy had this day entered upon holy week, and spoke feelingly of tho sufferings borne by the Saviour 1 ' for US men and our salvation;" suffering so awful that hesido them our petty griefs pale into the utmost insignifioanco. When contemplating this awful mystery wo must lay aside all sclfisn caroB and thoughts, and come to the cross with pnrc hoarts and minds, when we should not fail to obtain help and comfort in every timo of need, and in the strength so obtained would "pass through the grave and gate of death to our joyfnl resurrection." The Lord Jesus, Mr. Bromby wont on to Bay, had by His death opened the way of salvation to mon, so giving ns " boldness to enter tho holiest by "the blood of Jesus," boldness, he explained as moaning a truthful confidence in that blood, and not a spirit of presumptuous hardi hood. In conclusion, ho reminded his hearers of daily services held this week, and pressed thorn to attend them, to meditate on the doath and passion of Christ our Lord. Tho services of Erakino Church wero con ducted by tbe Rev. James Ballantyne, in Bonverie street chapel. The text chosen was John i, 29 — "The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith behold tho Lamb of God, which taketh away tho sins of tho world," and an oxcollent sermon was preached therefrom. The reverend gentle man proceeded to enumerate tho sacrificial uses of the lamb undor the Jowish dispensa tion, whioh woro intended to typify the Sacrifice of Christ for the sins of tho world ; its charaoter for meokness, gentleness and innocence, whloh formed such prominent features in tho public and private life of tho Lamb of God ; and finished by pointing his . bearers to the efficacy of tho sacrifico of Christ in saving those wlio oomo to Him bv faith. The services of All Saints Church, St. Hilda, wero conducted by the Rev. J. H. Gregory, who ohoso for his text in tho even ing xxiii Chapter St. Luke's Gospel, part of 47th verse, "Certainly this was a righteous man. 110 reverend gentleman pointed out thgt no matter what a person might think about Christ, everyone must aoknowlcdgo that he lived a life of partioular sanctity and sinless holiness, Ho thon gave a Bhort review of the life of our Lord toprovo that ho had lived a blameless life. 1st. Because tho Scribes and Pharisees, although thoy tried every means to entrap Christ in his Bpeeoh, yot wero compelled to say, "Never man spake like this man." 2nd. Beeauso tho falsa witnesses who woro brought to accuse Christ could not do so. 3rd. Even Judas could find no fault to pass off as an oxouse for having betrayed his master, and there fore hung himself. That it was no wonder that tho apostles should glory In proclaiming "Christ crucified" whon evon his enemies: oonld find no fault with him. That sin and i Buffering generally go together, but in Christ I thoy were quite disjointed ; wo have deserved all we havo suffered or will suffer, but Christ did not deserve to suffer at all, yet ho suffered moro thon any of us. Ho died tho death of a folon for what 1 For being holy, pure, sinless, and perfect. The reverend gentleman then ended with an exhortation to the congregation to attend tho week day services. At the Lonsdale stroot Baptist Church, tho Bov. John Tnrn-r preached in tho morning from tho words in Matthew 15-1G verso : "And Jesus said, Aro ye also yot without understanding?" The subject was dividod tinder two heads. 1st. Some of tho partlcu- o interrogation of onr Lord. 2nd. Some of tho important matters involved in this question. The Soribes and Pharisees found fault with tho discipleB respecting their outward demeanor, Christ told tho Scribes that thoy had Bet aBido His commandments , j own traditions. Tho PhariHoes wore offended with our Master, on account of His proclaiming the truth to them ; so would many fashionable congregations bo offended in this present day woro He to appoar before thom._ One prominent feature of the living cbild ia the possession of a teachable spirit, as evinced by Petor, in desiring Christ to im part to thorn tbo meaning of tbo parable whioh Ho hod spoken to tho people. At tho oxpenso of tho mortification of this flesh, tho ' aonl yearns with prayerful emotion to Christ, beseeching to bo taught that whioh ho knows not — not satisfied with that which ho has beard. The natural man, unconvinced of nin, would not beliovo that out of his heart proceed ovil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornioa" tions, jce. ; and farther, whore is not spiritual life, tho ennnciation of thoBe naked truths must cause animosity and porsecntion. Many of tho Lord's people in thoir yoanger stages —though nwaro of their Btato as sinnorn, and irretrievably lost if not redeemed by Christ's blood — havo not had sufficient insight into thoir own hearts to bo aware of thoir des perately wicked condition by natnro ; but in duo timo they experience tho convicting power of tho Holy Spirit, and can thon join with the poet Since 7 cm scarcely bear What in myself 1 sec, How black mu-t 1 appiar, Moat holy Odd, to 7hcc 1 Some aro allowed to develop ovil outwardly, whioh causes surprise to those unacquainted with themselves, who oxolaim we would havo not so committed ourselves, but tho enlight ened child of God (whilo deeply regretting the ovil done) fools that ho might havo acted in a Bimllar way, or worse, if the grace of God had not restrained him. Tho righteous man falloth sevon times, but Christ raiseth him up again. I am aware that thoso geno- rally called pious do not aud cannot under stand mo. It was that holy filial fear in Joseph's heart that restrained him, and caused blm to exolaim, "How can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God ? " Onr prayer is, that tho Lord will hold us up, that wo may not slip — that Ho will Keep us watchful, give us tho spirit of prayer and that measure of grace that wo may walk in tho paths of righteousness. Soul during conviction often fears that ho can not bo a Christian, bccanse of tho evil feelings within him, whereas this groamng is evidence of his being a saved character. This is akin to the position of tbo poor man that could not lift his eyes to Heaven, and could only plead for forgivcnecs. Involved in this ques tion is this understanding of tho depravity of our hearts, whilo wo can only confide in Christ, His adorning belonging to us. At tho Wesley Church last evening tho sermon was on the broad way and tho narrow path. Thoprotchcr said tho great majority of men — men who wero in a state of nature — were travelling along the former ; and would thereforo find themselves in hell eternally, at the close of their lives ; while a Bmall minority — thoso who wero in a Btato of grace — would be saved, aud wonld go to Jesus as soon aB thoy diod. As to the multitude, tho thunder- ings of tbo wrath of God had no effect upon them, and, moro wonderful than all, thoy were deaf to tho voice of the ministers of religion. Of course, ho said, thero wero hundreds of mllliuus who wero damned to all eternity, in ignorance, because they had never heard the glad sounds of tho Gospel ; but for his hearers with their Christian privileges, thero was no such excuse ; and thereforo ho nrged upon them to come to Jesas and to como quickly. At St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon the Sunday school children were mustered iu accordauco with anoual custom, and ad dressed by tho Rev. H. Macutney. Tbe rev. gentleman first asked them to lay down their hymn papers, as tho flutter disturbed his Ideas, and then announced the text he had selected to suit the occasion. Travelling in tho bush his eye had for a moment wandered up a tree, and there on a lofty branch some happily inspired person had nailed six words from soripturein largo letters, and they were, " flee from the wrath to oomo." At once it came to him that meeting this poster in the wilderness was an indica tion of hi3 duty to lay before the multitude of little boys and girls ho saw around him a wholesome and instructive warning. The preacher then gave them a definition of wrath as signifying righteouB anger, whioh meant punishment, and enjoinod all who heard him to live in constant fear of it. After on impressive disconrso on the subject of tho Trinity, in whioh it was set forth that the Son of God now trod tho crystal floor of heaven, and the Holy Ghost dwelt continually amongst them, aud was evor fluttering about tho church like a dove, the reverend gentle man referred tho children to thoir hymn papers, and singing was resumed. The Polytechnic was crowded as UBnal last night, when Mr. Tyerman delivered his sixth lecture on "The Bible turned inside ont." Ho said it was frequently alleged that we had no right to call in question the Bible— to subject revelation to the teBt of reason, but that ours was to implicitly be- . liovo and cheerfully obey it. To that position he demurred. To receive tho Bible on mere authority as many did was to abnegate our manhood when dealing with a subject of greatest importance. If it possessed evidences of being the word of God, as it was said to do, thoso evidences could only bo appre- . hendod by our reasoning faoulties ; and If thoso so-called evidences did not satisfy man's reason, he was perfectly justified in rejecting the orthodox claims for it and treating it as a human production ; nay, ho could not, as an honeBt man, do anything else. Thoso who decried reason exercised it themselves in expounding and defending the Scriptures. Catholics reasoned from tho Bible that tho ProteBtantB were wrong ; Protestants reasoned from the same book that Catholics wero wrong ; each Protestant sect reasoned from that authority that every other sect was wrong ; and in tho face of these facts Christians ought not to complaini f free thinkers also exercisod thoir reason upon tho Bible, and were led to the conclusion that it was not of divine origin, nud that tho doctrines based on the assumption of its being the word of God wero of no authority. Let everyone firmly hold and fearlessly enunciate whatever conclusion his reason sanctions on tho subject. Tho moral charac> tor and tendency of the Bible was next dealt with. The question was not whether it con tained muoh that was pnre, beautiful, and good, for everybody admitted it did, but whether it was absolutely of that ohoraoter throughout, as a revelation from God would nooessariiy bo. Iu tho first nlaco many parts of the Bible wore disgnstingly obscene. A long list of texts were advanced for the audience to refer to at homo, aB they woro not fit to bo rend in a mixed audience. What parent would allow his ohildren to read those passages ? Any other book but the Bible! contalningTsuoh filthy pages would bo suppressed as obsceno literature, Thoy wero Baid to ho a simple record of facts, but they could bo reoorded in decent language. Others argued that wo muBt consider the times and customs when tho Bible was written ; bnt it was a libel on tho character of God to sup pose ho wonld pnndor to the low tasteB of mankind. He would rather correct and elevate them. A book stained with suoh | moral blots nevar camo from God. Again, jit sanotionod slavery. Moses taught that tho children of strangers were to be Jowb' bondsmen for evor. Neither Christ nor His Apostles repealed tho Mosaio law on tho Bubjeot ; hence, in Christian countries slavery had been defended on tho authority of this so- oallod Word of God. The American war would not havo ooourrod but for it. Tho olorgy of the Southern States justified that iniquitous in stitution by Scriptural texts, Tho Biblo also ooiiDtonancod prostitution. MoBes, on an occasion quoted, ordered all tho malo ohildren and married women to bo brutally killed ; but, said ho, "All the womon children that havo not known man by lying with him, keop for yoursolves." Speaking of tho male ohildren so cruelly butchered, tho Rev. Dr. A. Clarke says, "They were taken to Heaven and saved from tho evil to como." Tho doctor's reasoning justified Porter in lately sending his thrco children to Heaven- But if it was right as tho doctor taught, to save the malo ohildren, would it not havo boen merciful to havo saved the females ' ' from the ovil to oomo," by sending them to Hoavon too ? Tho Biblo further permitted an unjust advantage to be taken of those not of our nationality and faith, as in tho oaso of the Jowb spoiling tho Bgyptians, and being allowed to soil bad meat to strahgors. It also approved coldblooded treachery, as in the oaso of Jaol, who murdorod Sisera, to whom sho offered her hoopitality- It inculcated principles of tho bitterest intoloranco and persecution. Tho treatment of thoao who worshipped other gods, and also passages from Jesus, Paul, and John wero qnotod in support. It also furnished a plea for despotlo forms of government, by teaching that all powers were ordained of God. Much of it breathed a most crael and vindictive spirit, as tho Psalms and othor parts testified. It was an insult to the prosont ago to call snoh a book tho Word of God. Let peopla examine it on its merits, and they wonld soon see how they had been Imposed npon by their leligiouB teaohers. 