XL.-MISCELLANEOUS. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE EDUCA- <*> TON BOARD. The unhappy dispute between the Go- <*> vernment and the Board of Education is at length settled. The three members who refold to resign at the request of the Government, have been removed ; and a new Board, consisting of five, his been appointed, instead of the late Board of seven. The Act provides that the Education Board shall consist of not more than seven ; and the Government hoping, we presume, that its functions will soon be superseded under a new Education Act, have only appointed five. These are—Mr. W. Barlow, 8.A., Bar rister-at-Law ; Dr. Campbell, Mr. W. D. Glyde, Mr. Yon Treuer, and Mr. Way, Q.C. This is a good Board; better than it was supposed the Government would be able to secure. We believe Dr. Gunson was offered a seat, bat he declined ; and it will be seen that Dr. Campbell, one of the old members, has been reappointed. We believe the Government were not unwilling to reappoint the whole of the five members who resigned; but Dr. Campbell was the only one of them who was willing to return to office. We are glad that the Government have not hesitated to push the exercise of their authority to the only legitimate conclusion, though we can easily under stand that it must have been painful to them to remove such men as Messrs. Hardy, Caven&gh;, and Scott. But any other course would have been unworthy of their position as the Government of South Australia. Of course, they will be early called upon when the House meets to justify the course they have taken, though we have heard it hinted that the power of the Government to Hiamlaa any mem ber of the Board may be tried in the Supreme Court. But we should think this is hardly likely. When the matter comes before Parliament, there can be no doubt the Government will be able to justify the course they have taken since the appointment of Mr. Hocking. The appointment itself, without consultation with the Board, cannot be vindicated, either as a question of policy or of courtesy. As far as the courtesy is con cerned, however, the Chief Secretary has done all that an honorable man who has made a mistakn can be expected to do. But wuen the Board took high ground, and set the Government at defiance, Mr. JJlyth and his colleagues had only one honorable course open to Ihem—to call upon the Board to resign, and in the event of their refusing, to remove them. Now that the matter is settled, we hope no difficulties will be thrown in the way of the Third Inspector in the dis charge of his responsible duties. His moral influence must be supported by the Board, the Government, and his brother Inspectors. We have no doubt the teachers will find him thoroughly ac quainted with the routine of a public school, and well able to test the work of the pupils. This is, after all, his great business, and if he accomplishes that satisfactorily bis appointment will serve the cause of education, pending the in troduction of a new Education measure. THE LATE POET REGATTA.. A very pleasing and interesting gather ing took place on Thanday afternoon at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on the occasion of preventing Captain Phillips, of thn Monaltrie, and Mr. O. EL Seith, Hon. Secretary, with testi monials in connection with the late Regatta. Apologies for non-attendance were received from Captain Bickers, H. D. O'Halloran, A, S. Neil, and J. M. Sinclair. Captain Simpson presided, and proposed ''The Health of Capt∈ Phillips." This having been drank, the Chairman said it was with very great pleasure he pre ented Captain. Phillips with the testimonial which the Com mitee had so unanimously voted him. Captain Phillips had always been most forward in assisting at meetings eaoh as the one held on Ist January, and was ever ready in doing everything that lay in his power to promote sport. Bis kindness in placing the Monaltrie at tbe disposal of the Committee as a flagship, and his general courtesy and attention to toe visitors on that day, had induce! the Com mittee to feel that a testimonial woald not be inappropriate. He had much pleasure in pre senting him with the cap and salver, and trusted that when Captain Phillips, in yean to come, had settled upon shore, he would often look upon the present, and think of old associations at Pott Adelaide, and espe cially the regatta of 1674. The testimonial was a very handsome silver enp and salver, with the following inscription t — " Pre sented to Captain Phillips by the Committee of Port Adelaide Begatta, in recognition of his kindness in placing ship Monaltrie to use of Committee as flagship for regatta held Ist Januuy, 1674. Captain Phillips, on rising to respond, was received with cheers. He returned thanks in suitable terms for the very natterint tcanner in which his health had been drunk and for the very handsome present, which he should cherish as a proof of their kindly feelings towards him, and he was sure the members of his family wonld do the same; and if in after years he was spared to settle quietly down in the north-east corner of Scotland, every time he looked upon this handsome cup and salver would recall that day and the Ist of January, 1874, and the likenesses of the many | kind friends that had assembled there to do him thathonor. If anyof them should be mad enough to get to the north of Scotland, it would give him great pleasure to fill the cup with whisky punch in remembrance of Adelaide friends. He trusted he should be present at many more of their annual gatherings, and it would always afford him the greatest pleasure to assist them in every possible way that lay in his power. (Applause.) The Chairaau next proposed in eulogistic terms " Tha Health of the Hon. Secretary, Mr. G. B. Selth," and remarked that it was entirely through his untiring efforts that the Begatta had bean so successful. He (the Chairman) hai been connected with regattas at Port Adelaide for many yean, and had never known a more energetic Secretary, and it had been resolved at a meeting held on the evening of settling that a testimonial should be presented him for such efficient services. It was now his pleasing duty to band him cvar a very handsome timepiece, which he knew he would highly prize. Mr. G. B. Selth begged eiocere'y to thank the company present for tbe very cordial manner in which they had drunk bis heath, and to assure them that it gave him vcrv great pleasure to become the recipient of such a handsome testimonial as the one just received. When he accepted the office of Honorary Secretary it was not with any idea of reward, but out of pure love of the sport, boating being his favorite pastime. He anticipated plenty of work, and had not been disappointed. He was rather diffident at first j about his being able to efficiently carry out tbe duties of Hon. Secretary, his business engage ments being rather numerous at that time; but with the very strong and influential Committee he had to work with, the duties were con siderably lightened. He would take the oppor tunity of thanking the Committee for their ! very hearty co-operation and valuable assist- { ance. As collectors of subscriptions they had no equals. When he was canvassing Adelaide he found that they had been there before him, using their persuasive powen to advantage. The Committee this year had given very hand some prizes, including four prizes for extra races bryond those of any previous regatta, and yet, should all promised subscriptions be got in, they would have a surplus fund towards the next annual meeting. With this fond to start upon he did not anticipate there weald be the same difficulty of obtaining an Hon. Secretary f ornext year as there had been in previous years. (Cheers.) The testimonial was a very hand some marble clock, inlaid with malachite, and on a silver plate attached was tha following inscription:-"Presentedto Mr. G. B, Selth by tile members of Che Committee, in recogni tion of valuable services rendered as Hon. Sec retary of Begatta held at Port Adelaide Ist January. 1874." The above and articles pre sented to Oapt. Phillips were purchased from the establishment of Mr. A. B. Sawtell, of Port Adelaide, and were greatly admired. Votes of thanks were passed to Mi. Camming and (he officers of the Monaltrie, for their courtesy and attention to the visitors on board on day of regatta, and their superintending the firing of starting gun. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. LOMAS's STORY Mr. J. B. Lomas, from Western Australia, has supplied our contemporary with an in teresting biography of himself for the last 34 years, his main object being to publish to the world at large his solemn declaration of innocence of the double atrocity of murdering , Gofton in the year 1840, and causing another man to be hung for the crime. Joseph Stagg, who suffered hanging for this murder, died protesting his innocence, and from that time to the present day there have been persons who believed that ha was not the guilty party. Sir Henry Young, during the Governorship of this colony, received from the then Secretary of State for the Colonies, a despatch stating that a man named Lomas, who was confined in a lunatic asylum in England, had confessed that he was the perpetrator of the murder for which Stagg was executed. It is a fact that upon this intelligence being communicated to Judge Cooper his Honor was much affected by the thought of having sen tenced an Innocent man to death, and an enquiry was quietly instituted respecting the matter. We understand that the late Judge Crawford rode to the spot where Gofton was murdered, aocompanied by Mr. (late Inspector) Alferd, who was in the police at the time of the tragedy, and had Lomas under his command: and after Mr Alford had fully ex plained localities, the periods for which Stagg and Lomas respectively were absent from cer tain places, and other circumstances. His Honor was fully satisfied that the Jury had made no mistake in the matter. Sir Charles Cooper, after going over the evidenea again, and re ceiving farther explanations from those ac quainted with the subject, was equally satisfied that he had sentenced the right man. How the oonfession was accounted for by the Judges we are not able to say, but possibly it was assumed to be a manifestation of insanity on the part of the person who made it. We are able to state that the Lomas now in Adelaide, who has interviewed our contemporary, is the identical man of that name who arrested Stagg. He has been recog nised by several old colonists, and among them one in whose employ he was for some time in those early days of South Australian history. To verify or disprove all his statements, to which he has given publicity, would require a considerable amount of time, trouble, and expense, but he has afforded, in the closing portion of his biography, a fair criterion of his accuracy of assertion. He states, according to our contemporary, that he is Inspector ef Mines in Western Australia. We can postively assert, from our own knowledge, from assu rances by Western Australians, and from noticing the absence of all allusion in the Perth papers to such an officer, that there is no such official as Inspector of Mines in that colony. There was a Mr. Lomas in the employ of the Western Australian Government a few years ago, but it was very much against his wull. He was not exactly in the Civil Service, nor did he wear the Civil Servioe uniform, his costume being neat but not gaudy, unpretentious, and with no distinguish ing badge beyond a simple broad arrow. He left his country for bis country's good in 1852, and with such credentials from the Imperial authorities that on his arrival at Swan River the Government absolutely forced quarters and occupation upon him. His duties, if not laborious, were monotonous and wearisome, and the official red tape and restrictions to which he was compelled to submit must have been very galling to a man of active mind and bodily energy. At last his engagement with the Western Australian Government terminated. Three years of free life succeeded, and very re cently he presented an official document to the police authorities at Port Adeaide and was permitted to land in this colony. THE FLORENCE EXHIBITION AMD DR. SOHOMBUBGK. The Council of the Great Horticultural Ex hibition, to be held at Florence daring tije month of May next, have paid Dr. Sehombutgk tbe high compliment of nominating him as one of the Judges. Ih« letter to ttte Doctor bim self, a translation of which we give below, makes fitting recognition of his high standing as a horticulturist, a. fact of which the colony as well as Dr. Schomburgk may well feel proud. An official letter to the same effect has been reoeived by His Excellency, but the Govern ment do not see their way clear to sending the Doctor to Italy to attend the gathering. The following is a translation of the letter :— "EXPOSITIOH INTERNATIONALEDE HOBTICULTUBE IjE FLORENCE. | " Florence, ler Decembre, 1873. " Sir -1 have the honor to inform you that the Council of the Horticultural Exhibition, to be held at Florence from the llth to the 25th May next, have appointed yon as one of the Judges of the Exhibition in consideration cf the high esteem in which they hold your eminent services to the cause of science. "I hope that yon will accept this mark of respect, and that we shall have the honor of seeing you here next spring. I shall not fail immediately to forward you all the communi cations relating to the Intercolonial Con gas of Botany which will be held at the same time, en<* will also forward you a card of membership, which will enable you to travel either by rail or steamer. " Hoping, Sir, that yoa will give this your nigh consideration, " I have the honor to be, " PH. PaBLATON, PresUeut "a Monsieur R. Schouiborgk, Piiectenr dn Jardin Bontanique, de Adelaide." GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODD. FELLOWS. A complimentary dinner In honor of D.G.H. P. J. Newlaad'a visit to South Australia to initiate the affiliation of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows with the A.L0.0.P., was held on Monday evening, February 2, in the Town Ball Exchange Boom. There were about 100 brothers present representing the Adelaide and country Lodges. An excellent repast was provided by Host Jaooby, of the Kent Town Hotel. The room was decorated with aeouple of handsome banners representative of the G.U.O.F. and the A.L0.0.F. The former was especially beautiful in its embellishments. On one side Friendship, Lova, and Truth were appropriately represented. Emblems of the union existing between the Orders In England and America were prominently displayed, whilst the Fins Arts, Music, and Charity were also delineated. On the obverse side the Widow and Orphan branch of the Order was represented. The banner of the A.L0.0.F., and belonging to the Duke of Kent Lodge, was unfurled as representative ef the fraternal bond of union existing under the aemrtgimi. CM., G. F. Ind occupied the chair, supported by the guest of the evening. D.G.H. NewUnd and P.G.M. Councillor Bagshaw, the duties of the Vice-Chair being undertaken by D.S. M. Dawkins. We regret to have to announce the death at Bexley, near Marion, ef Dr. Burton, J.P., a colonist of 22 years'standing, who for most of that time has occupied a prominent position in what is now known as the Stnrt district. He was Chairman of the Mitcham District Council before the division of (he dis trict into two, and afterwards waa elected member and Chairman of Hie Brighton Council, which position he occupied at the time of his decease. He was surgeon to several Odd fellows 1 lodges, and occupied a high rank in the Order, and received a handsome testimonial from the Start Lodge hi acknow ledgment of his services. He was at one time Captain of the Sturt and Brighton Volunteers, and waa presented with a sword by his Com pany. The deceased gentleman was a member of the Church of England Synod as a represen tative of 8b Mary's. He leaves three sons and two daughters. Dr. Burton will be much missed in the district where he had resided so long, and had made many friends. The re mains ef the deceased were interred en Thurs lay afternoon, February 26, at St. Mary's Cemetery, I South-road. The procession which followed the j funeral to the grave was very Urge, comprising ' about 30 conveyances, and between 80 to 109; Oddfellows of the M.TJ. hi full regtUa, besides numerous other persons who attended to pass the last tribute of respect. Amongst those pre sent were noticed OapL O'Halloran, Dr. Goise, Messrs. O. H. Bsbbage, E. W. Babbage, W. W. Gall, A. Baker, J. Anderson, A. Weaver, E. Thornbar, W. Skethaway (Provincial Grand Master, M.U. of Oddfellows), A. H. Beyer. M. Burgess, and J. Pritchard. The Rev. J. j L. Bmith officiated at the grave, and Mr. Skethaway read the Oddfellows' customary! funeral oration. The long-talked-of church baazir, in aid of St. George's Church, Gawler, was opened at 12 o'clock on Thursday, February 12, by the Rev. Canon Coombs, who congratu lated the ladies and their friends on the hand some show presented by the well-arranged stalls. He trusted the affair would be a j success, and felt sure the ladies would make it so. if possible. He then declared the bazaar formally opened, amidst much ap plause. The large room (the Institute Hall) presented a highly pleasing appearance. It is quite a wonder how so many things, really handsome and useful, as well as ornamental, could be produced in the time. The ladies of the church must have been very busily engaged for many months past; and considering the heat of the weather, the first day was quite a success, upwards of £110 being taken. There are five atalls, presided over by the follow ing ladies:—Mesdames Coombs, Wehnted, Mime, Lewis, T. O. Jones, W. B, Lewis, RudaU, Thornby, Warren, Greaves, and Mahoney, assisted by the Misses Duffield, Hanna Milne, Wood, L. Bagelbrecht. E. Johnson, Lewis. Jones, Nott, Rudall, Jackson, Nellie Warren, M. Gordon, GDI, F. Lowe, and Mahoney. The Christmas bee was superintended by the Minima Jones and Grace. The refreshment-stall did a very good business during the afternoon and evening. A band of music played in the evening, and Me. Craig, with his usual kindness, showed his miniature engines and railway at a nominal charge. On Friday and Baturday, the 15th and 14th inst, notwithstanding the heat of the weather this affair was well supported, the building being crowded each evening, and ? brisk trade carried on. Expectations were more thsn realised, and yet a very large number of articles are still undlsposnd of. The amount in cash received up to Saturday night was £375 13s.,andLO.U.^over£S. On Monday a great many sales were effected. In the evening the large hall waa crowded, and by half-past 10 all the stalU were empty, with the exception of one or two, end aa many of the things left are saleable and valuable, they were not eaoriftoed. The resultis highly amtisrmctorr. es over £460 Is in hand, besides acme other little sunn due. On Wednesday evening, February 4, an ordination service was held at Pirie-etreet Church, when the Revs. & T. Withington, J. H. Trevorrah, W. H. Bowe, J. Bead, B. G. Edwards, and P. O. Thomas were admitted into the Methodist ministry.havingpassedtfaroughs, probationary service of four or five yean. There was a very huge congregation, and the Rev. W. L. Sinks, President of theOonferenoe, presided. There was also on the platform a large number of ministers who are attending tiie Conference now in session, After devo tional exercises the Revs. Messrs. Withington and Edwards gave interesting accounts of their conversion, aad the drcum sUnoes which led to their aceeptanot of ministerial work. The President then ques tioned the candidates according to the pre scribed formula, after which portions of Scrip ture were read by ths President, and stlrnt prayer was engaged In, A hymn was then sung, at tile conclusion of which some of the senior ministers in full connexion approached the kneeling candidates and laid their hands upon them, the President saying, "Mayest thou receive tile Holy Ghost for the office and work cf a Christian minister and pastor now committed onto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of the Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son. aad of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Each of the candidates was then presented with a Bible, the President saying-" Take thou authority to preach the Word of God, and to administer the Holy Sacraments in the con gregation." Prayer and praise were again offered, after which the Rev. J. Biokford asoendedthe pulpit, asd delivered en impres sive ordination cWge, based upon the words, "I speak concerning Christ and the Church." Bpheaiaas, v. 32. He pointed out the gnat responsibilities attaching to the service which the candidates had chosen to consecrate them selves to, and detailed the various spheres of church labor; also pointing out the duties of the people towards their puton, and the prudence and forethought which were required by the Utter in administering the discipline of the Church. The impressive service was concluded by the pronouncing of the benediction, which was followed by the administration of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. The members of the Evangelical Lutheran congregation attending at the Diet faldgkeits Kirohe, at Angas-street, met on Wednesday evening at 7 o'clock, for the pur pose tt presenting an address and a purse of sovereigns to their Pastor, Adalbert Fiedler who is leaving by the Orient for Germany. Dr. v. Hubbe acted as Chairman, and after an introductory speech requested Mr. Reineclre to read was neatly written on vellum by Mr. Wittig, and signed by a large number of the members. lit Krichauff, M.P.. In the absence ef the Treasurer—Mr. J. til vTendt-pnseiited a piirse containing 76 sevs., and added that this small offering showed the Ugh respect hi which Rev. Fiedler was held and how much it was regretted that he should leave South Australia, perhaps never to return. They were, however, of one mind in the statement that they would receive him bad with open arms. Now they were about to lose their worthy pastor, they felt more than ever before ef what value his ministrations had been to them. The Rev. Fiedler thanked them for this manifestation of kindness and esteem, and said although promising never to forget the "■<— and love now shewn to him, he must leave it to the hand of the Almighty to lead him henoeforth, either in the old Fatherland, or back to Australia. Altar staging a hymn and prayer the meeting closed. The Rev. L. W. Stanton, M.A., of St. Mary's, Kooringa, being about to visit England, was invited on Saturday evening last to meet • number of his friends at Banks'* Hotel, Kooringa. The object oftte meeting was to present the rev. gentleman with a testimonial of their esteem and appreciation of bis services during the 10 years he has been amongst them. It is an Interesting fact that amongst the sub scribers were members cf Churches of all the denomination! represented at the Buna. The Churchwardens and members of Mr. Stsntoi/a own Church were prominent en the oeoasioa. The testimonial consisted of a handsome gold lever watch with chain and crucifix. The witch bore the following inscription:—" Presented to the Rev. L.W. Stanton. M.A., Incumbent of S. Mary's, Kooringa, on his departure for Eng land, in February, 1874." Appropriate speeches were made, and the rev. gentleman feelingly acknowledged the kind present and good wishes of his friends, on bidding him farewell for a time. On Wednesday afternoon a meeting of members of the LO.G.T. was held at the offices. Mo. t, Hindley street, Adelaide, Mr. George Howell, G.W.0.T., in the chair. Or tain official letters from Bra. Hastings, R.W.G.T., stating that the decision referred to in our columns a day or two back was in reply to a document sent to him by the Executive of the Gran* Lodge in July. last year, before the charter and other documents were reoeived by Mr. Jennings, and that notwithstanding the decision, all acts performed by the Executive since the session of August 22nd would be per fectly legal, and that body would be supported by the Bight Worthy Grand LoJge. He also stated that Mr. Watson never had legal autho rity to open but one Grand Lodge in Australia, and the charter seat by him should be the one under which they worked. It was resolved to oil!a meeting of the Grand Lodge far Starch 10, as provided at the session held on June 2, lastyetr. On Tuesday evening an entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Norwood, by the members of the Kensington Lodge, No. 45, LO.G.T., in aid of the funds of the Lodge. There was a good attendanoe of friends and members of the Order, the latter being In regalia. The chair was filled by His Worship the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. Henry Hughes), and Mr. J. W. Beberlet pre sided at the piano. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, said that, although he was not a member of the Order, he wished it evnry success, and had every sympathy with Che I movement. A short address was also given by Mr. Geo. Stevenson, M.P., who advocated the formation of a benefit society In connection with the Order. Mr. L. B. Harcus. 0.W.8.. In a short speech, stated that that was Im possible, as the supreme body of the Order had ruled that It would be in opposition to their principles. Recitations, readings, and songs, were given by several friends, and s pleasant evening was spent. At the conclusion of the meeting a speehd initiation service was held, when several friends took the opportunity of joining the Order. A meeting of members of the LO.G.T. was held on Wednesday evening, February 11, at the John Watson Lodgeroom, Portland Estate, to consider various matters connected with the ensuing session of Grand Lodge. Me John Oarr, M.P., presided. It was resolved —"That this meeting gratefully accepts the decision of the R.W.G. Templar, and ex presses the hope that all members would set harmoniously and for the good of the Order." It was also resolved that all business set down for that evening be postponed nntn the Grand Lodge Session. Mr. J. F. Co *, of Clarendon, moved that Mr. J.Carrbe requested to assume the office of G.W.O. Templii, vice Jennings, resigned. Mr. Carr said that he would require to consider that matter, and if be did net comply It would be from no feeling of dis respect to that meeting, nor to east doubt on the fact that he was legally entitled to the position, bat from a feeling of fair play, so that they who had done the work should not lose the honors thus acquired. Be would, ho wever, take care that his name was appended to Hie document calling the Grand Lodge, or he would issue a, separate circular. There was a large attendance, and the meeting passed off success folly. On Tuesday evening the quarterly meeting of. the South Australian Sunday, school Teachers 1 Union was held in the Behoolroom of the North Adelaide Baptist Church. There was a good attendance of teachers, representing the various denomina tions. Mr. J. Cotton, J.P., presided. Most interesting and instructive papers were read by Messrs. Holmes and Neil on the relation of Christian Churches to Sabbath schools. Several other speakers followed, and ably discussed the subject. It was suggested that if Churches sympathised more earnestly and entered more heartily into the work of the Sabbath-schools the labor being earned on would be rendered much more easy to the teachers, and would be calculated to be productive of greater good. Instances were given as to the progressiveness of these schools, and it was urged that in order to make them an entire success cultivated In telligence as well as real Christian earnestness was necessary. A letter was read from the Edinburgh Teachers 1 Union In reply to one sent from Sooth Australia, in which several valuable hints were thrown out as to the mod* of con ducting lite ptoeeedings ef a Teachers' Union and of rendering it beneficial. The Chairman also mentioned that Mr. D. Bobin had recently returned from a visit to Europe, and was pre pared to give some particulars as to Sunday school work in the old country. The meeting closed In the usual way. A very Bnooesshil meeting of the British Templars was held at the HOI School room. Halifax-street, en Monday evening, when the Prov. Deputy presided, and introduced Mr. Arthur Lonunek, who gave an interesting lecture on the objects of the Order, and why it differed from otter total abstinence Societies, stating that they were not antagonistic to any Society in existenoe, but wished to go hand in hand with all true-hearted temperance men to unitedly uproot the curse of the drinking cos. torn* eHhe age. At the conclusion of the lec ture, the Oh airman cave an earnest Invitation to all present to jota. the temperanss cause. Although he preferred the working of the British Order, he eared not what Society they joined, as long aa they would only be total abstainers. He had found the benefit In mind, body, and estate, and knowing the benefits, he entreated others to follow Ids example. Many mod tipplers had predicted hii downfall. He had been a temperance advo •tie, however, for fifteen months, and he hoped, with God* Uessfoc, he would for life. Some said It would Uahfin, but he got fatter and heavier, and better in every respect, so no ooeoat^ttobokathimandbeafraldtoknoek off bis beer at once. At the conclusion of the meeting many came forward and signed the pledge, andatodge, named the Soattum Star, Ne7\ was formed, and the following principal officers elected:—W.O.T., J. Gmtzmaoaer; V.T.. W. B. Peppers!; Chap., W. Brenton; Secretary. *■ KparJ?L, IX W. Small; V.8.. KHoMnl Several o?udida*eibaiiig proposed, the Lodge was closed with prayer end praise. A meeting of the General Committee of ths Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union, waiheU In the Temperano* Hotel, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, February 6, when there was a seed attendance, In «.l.ia«iig country lepmseiiUt.lym. The chair was^oooupied by tte President, Sir. J. Picker- Ins. M.P. Mr. G. W. Oole entered into ex planation! of the ease of Mr. James J. D. Jen- • sings, which had been intended for conside ration by a former meeting. He showed the nature cf the chars* which he had preferred against him before OieWealeyan Church. Upon this subject, a Committee cf five was appoints* to prepare a statement for publication, with a view of removing any impression wtioMfe. Jennings might have made prejudicial ts> the Hon. Secretary. The case of Sir. Jennings, as exposed in the newspapers, alto came under consideration, and a resolution expressive of •pinion that the BegHttr deserved the thanks of theteaqnranoe public "for the tnmperato and lir-r"* I*'1 *' manner In which it had investigated and exposed the character and antecedents of Mr. Jamet J. D. Jennlap" waa passed. The Temperance Herald next came under notice, with a view to coaaidenns the proposed formation of s> Company of pro prietors. After some discussion it was decided to publish it as usual until a, further consider ation a* enottwtiiMtkig of theOomnrt^ The Secretary introduced the drools* cf " WOham" relating to the proposed estshUahmentof an Asylum for Inebriates, and it was resoW that the Committee expresses Its sympathy with "WUliam" in his laudable endeavors, and recommend bis effort for support. It is now about four years aince the Order of the Sons of Temperanoe was Instituted hi this colony. Since that time the Order has so progressed that oxrangementa are being madYfer the formation of a Grand Division. The six subdivisions have united and ■&■•*••> application for a Grand Charter. This has been forwarded to the proper anthonties^and authority has been Issued to open a Grand Division; to be called the South AnstraUan Grand Division. A Committee of delegates have taensppotateahylhe venous eubdijriswns, namely. fortheMetropolltan Division. P.W.P. G. Springett, A.P.W.P. F. W. Wood ; Pioneer Division? p:W.P. VT. Wetidns, Bro. W. P. Trevaskis ; Narracoorte Division, D.D.G.W.P. & & Oarvosso. P.W.P. F. J. Pash ; Adelaide Division, P.W.P. C. Webb, 8.8. T. A. Moore ; Bxoehrior Division. W.P. G. BumelL W.A. B. Gould ; Heart and Hand Division, W.A. W. J. Mason. Bro. J. Brown. These delegates held meetings, and arranged all preliminaries. Officers have been nominated, whose names have been submitted to the subdivisions for approval, and the following have been chosen: — G.W.P., O. Springett; G?W. A., O. Webb; O. Scribe, F. J. Pash ; O. Chaplain, F. W. Wood; G, Treasurer, W, w, WJnwood i <*i Conductor, >V. Wattms; O. Senttoel, T. A. Moore; O. " Irvsteas. O. Burnell, L. Sohaumburg, F. W. Wood. B. Gouia. and W. Holland. The offioer appointed to institute the Grand Division is Mr. B. a Oarvosso, who has received the ap pointment of D.M.W.P. for dcuth Australia in connection with the National Division of Great Britain aad Ireland. At a meeting held in the Temperance Hall. North Adelaide, on Monday evening, "*"& w« attended kf the representative., D.D.G.W.P. B. B. Oarrossoin the chair, correspondence was read authorising the formation and opening of the South Aus tralian Grand Division; also the commttsion appointing Bro. Oarvosso D.M.W.P., which was approved by the meeting. Ihe Grand Division was declared duly formed, the repre sentativei were duly obligated, and the election of omoers confirmed, whan the meeting ad journed until a day fixed, when the Grand Division will be officially opened with the im posing ceremonies as laid down in the Grand Ritual, and the officers installed into their veral effloes. 