STRANGERS AKD PILGRIMS. BY MISS BKADDON. . BOOK THU TJIIUU-CHAPTER XII. «Tint vus my wno loves voice. lVlioro la ¡io? I hoar him cull. I '«m r'roj I Nobody símil hinder mo. I will tly t his ueok, Wind lio ou bis bosom. Hu cal loci Atargurut! H atoud upon tho threshold. Ia tho midst-through tlio how inffiuid ohiittoriug of holt-through tho grim, devilish scolllu -1 knew the sweet, tho loving touo agni ri." A spacious old-fashioned mansion north of London aniongjtho green by-roads between Barnet and Watford ti nobie old houso, rod brick, of tho Anno period, witl contre anti wings making thrco Bides of a quadrangle a stately old house, lying romoto from thc high-road ¡incl surrounded by pleasure-grounds and park- tin hitter somewhat Hat and dreary, but on a high lovel with glimpses of a fino lanclucapo boro and then through tho break in tho wood. Thc houso hat' belonged to a law lord of tho Augustan ago of gooc Queen Anno ; a once fatuous law lord, whoso portraii ia wig ami state robes lookotl down from tho panelled walls, und was Hung into tho bargain on very eas} torms, among crystal chandeliers, antique fenders anti lire-irons, shuttor-bells, and other conveniences of a by- gone agc. From thc law lord tho mansion liad des- cernid! to a wholesale grocer of tho Sir-Balaam type, who thought "two puddings" luxuries, and rolled ponderously to Mincing Laue every day in his glass coach. Tlien cania an Anglo-Indian colonel, enriched by tho plunder of silver-gated cities and Brahmiuical temples, who held high jinks in the old house, and cmlcil by throwing himself from an upper window in a lit of delirium tromens. This helped to give tho house it bail nanto, and together with its curiously isolated position, remote from all mudos of conveyance-an extremo inconvenience in an age when everybody requires to bo conveyed-tender to depress its -jiarkot value ; whereupon it was bought a dead bargain hy a speculative solicitor, who tried to lot it for some years without success, during which period tho inhabitants of Hetheridge, a little village half a milo distant, wero confirmed in their conviction that Hothcridgo Hall, tho mansion in question, was tho favourite resor!; of ** Hags, ghosts, au cl sprites That haunt the nights," In 'due time, however, tho placo carno nuder thc notico of Dr. Cameron, who, aa Ids patients increased ia numbor, required a larger mansion than that in which Iiis father had begun business, and who, finding in ilotlioridge and its hall a situation and an abode at oaco eligiólo and inexpensive, made haste to secure house and grounds ona long lease, getting tho portraits of the law lord and his olive-branches ilung in for an old song, ns well aa grounds furnished with some of the finest specimens of thc fir tribe in tho county of Hort*. So tho roble music-room, where tho bewigged and bepowdercd family of the law lord smirked and simpared on tho panelled [walls, and where the law lord himself had entertained thc clito of thc country-side with stately old- fashioned hospitality, was now given up to tho weekly junketings of ladies and gentlemen of more or less disordered intellect ; ladies upon whose head-gear, and gentlemen tipon whose collars ami cravats, eccentricity had set its seal. Hore once a week throughout thc slow long winter the doctor's patients pranced and capered through First Sots and Lancers and Caledonians ; while tho youngei and more fashion able among them oven essayed round dances. Hore, in full view of tho3o'stately oiligies of tho patoh-and powdor poriod, mild refreshment in the way of white wine, negus, and raspberry-jam tarts was dispensed between nine o'clock and ten ; when thc junketers dis- persed more or less unwillingly to their several diam bora, under close guard of nurses and keepers, who drove them along passages and up staircases like a flock of sheep. The traveller, lingering a few moments by the park fence to look down tho long straight avenue at tho grim red facade of Hothcridge Hall," was apt, knowing thc story of the ida ce, to fancy dire scenes of horror within those solid old walls : secret dungeon chambers under-ground, in which wretched creatures, forgotten hy all tho world except one brutal guardian, languished in sempiternal darkness, chained to a damp black wall, agvinst which thc slimy rats pushed noiselessly to tight for tho madman's scanty meal ; dreary windowless rooms in tho heart of tho house, approached by secret passages known of but by a few, whero pale white bailed women pined in a life-long silence. But there were neither robvruii nor piumbi in Dr. Cameron's prosperous and comfortable establishment ; and the only honors within that melancholy mansion were tho gloomy thoughts of thoiio among its occupants who wero riot unite mad enough to bo unconscious of their state, or tho black despair of those in whom mildness was a thing of violenco and terror, a ceaseless fever of tho brain, Uko a caldron forever at boiling-point, full of fancies grim and loathsomo as thc constituents of a witch's hell-broth. Happily for tho doctor, there was a good deal comfortable easy-going lunacy in his establishment: patients who liked their dinnor, and kopi; up their spirit * by quarreling with each other and reviling their nursoü. Somo of these custodians woro amiable young women enough, and roally kind to their charges ; but tliero was another class of attendants who, iinding lifo in an asylum rather a dull business, took it out of tho patients, and acquired a diabolical shill in tho adminis- tration of sly pinches and invisible squeezes in public ; whilo in private their modo of remonstrance with a refractory or fretful patient took tho more open form pf bangs and kicks. Any bruises or abrasions result- ing from this rough-and-ready stylo of argument were easily accounted for us having been nclf-indicted by tho patient "poorthing." Tho doctor was a man of considerable benevolence, who oonduotod his houso on a liberal scale, gayo bis patients airy rooms, ampio service, and good living; anil only fniled to iiecure them from tho possibility of ill-usiigo for the simple reason that bo was not ubiquit- ous. J lo did not live at lietho ridge, but drovo down hom tho West End once or twice a wonk in his broug- ham, saw a few particular eases, smiled his soothing rnnilo upon tho victims of mental delusion, doxtroiutly fenced those strange direct questions which niadno.is is apt to put to its guardian, walked through tho public ¡'ooma, niado a good ninny inquiries, looked about him ni a gonoral way, took a chop and a glass or two of dry Bhorry with his subordinate-tho mod ioal supcrintendon t nt Hothovidgo--and thou went back to his metropolitan practico, which was a largo one. hi this strange abodo Elizabeth awoke ono morning nom a long troubled dream of a swift journoy through, tho land, bound like a captivo in a corner ol tho rail- way carriage ; for had sho not resisted this transit, oimoähig hor sudden ronioval from Slogh-na-Dynok w,ah what little force she had? whereby tho physician, Kindly as HU na turo was, felt himitolf called upon to oxetulso his authority with a certain severity of nn|iect Mid to trout Lady Paul yu un a naughty child requiring mirsory dÍBoiplino. Darker than thu rturkenfc dream th nfc ever visited tho Çouoh of fever was that tupid journey from north to south, Tho swiftness of tho transit wan in ilsolt' nu "goiiy to that enfeebled bruin ; the purpeluul monoton- es thump of tho engine, Uko tho throbbing of nemo ii i f ort ll0lltmM itKolf to death ; the consulesa shift «, i "mdiicapu --moor and mountain, vnlley and jood, iiittin" l);Ujl ]1(,lun(l thu blinding ruin, Uko »»»dows moving in a phantom world ; all theto thingu I wore torment to that distracted mind. No warning of tho intended journey had hoon given to tho patient, i no hint of intending ohango in her mode of lifo; for I doctors and nurses alike concurred in treating lieras if she had been a sick child. From tho hour in which hallucination set in, this infantine treatment had been religiously observed. Tho possibility of a bright intellect struggling in an agony of perplexed thought behind thc dim clouds that obscured it was utterly ignored, llecauso tho patient thought wrongly upon somo points, she was sob down at once as incapable of reasonable thought upon any point. Left in tho dismal blankness of isolation-no friendly word whispered in her cai-, no tidings of thc outer world permitted to dispute thc dominion of wild imaginings-her weakened brain had been wearied by pji-pctual wonder at her own state, and why she was thus cut olr from all communion with her kind. On tho morning of the jourooy she had been dressed like a child who is taken for au airing, her travelling dress hustled upon her by tho nurse's impatient hands, dragged down tho stairs against her will-protesting vehemently, in wildest despair, as if moved by some prophotic sense of impending doom. Then came a dream-like apathy, in which thought waa not, only the acute agony of shattered nerves. For somo time after her arrival at Hctheridgc Park, Lady Paulyn was pronounced unfit for tho social circle, as there represented by a small assemblage of ladies and gentlemen of varions habits and opinions, whom tho wo) ld, as represented by doctors and commissioners of lunacy, had agreed in pronouncing ofguusouiuUmiud. They woro not, on tho whole, widely different from other ladies and gentlemen, nor did their lunacy exhibit those salient points which alford material for the pen of a Warren or a Gilbert ; in fact, they did little to distinguish themselves from tho vulgar herd of the stoic. They woro a shade more disagreeable than tho out side world, or exhibited their various ill tempers more freely ; grumbled a great deal upon every possible sub- ject, and each pursued his or her linc of thought with- out reference to external circumstances, with a harm- less ego tism not uncommon even in thc outer world. But to these specimens of tho Into stage of Dr. Cameron's process, which were in a manner tho bcddcd oufc plant:¡ of 1Ù3 collection, removed from the forcing house or thc hot-bed of solitary coniinoinent into the open, Lady Paulyn was not yet considered lit to be introduced. Such at least was thc opinion of Dr. Cameron and thc houso surgeon, who took their opinions from the nurses. Their own visits to Lady Puulyn's rooms only showed them a motionless iiguro in an arm-chair, with pule dejected face, and loosened hair tossed back from a weary-looking brow ; a hag- gard face, and wibi tearless eyes which gazed at them wonderingly out of a dream-world. The system in this case was naturally the system usual in other cases ; what physician could chop and change bia trea tment to suit the idiosyncrasies of every now patient ? Tho samo smoothing smile which Dr. Cameron, like the sun which shines alike upon tho just and tho unjust, shed upon a crazy stock- broker whose mental balance had tottered in unison with his balance at his banker's undor tho cumulative burdon of con- tango, ho shed also upon Lady Paulyn. Thc gentle gesture with which ho smoothed tho roughened locks of tho wealthy grocer's wife, who had succumbed to a too devoted attention to thc wino-and-spirit depart- ment of her husband's business, was tho same touch, half-patronizing, half-caressing, which he laid like a good man's blessing upon Elizabeth's fevered forehead. He had oven a little sympathetic murmur, a faint humming, as of a benevolent bec, which ho bestowed alike upon all first- class patients. Ho perhaps hummed a trille less for tho second-class hoarders, but even for them he had kindly pitying smiles, but always as of a superior order of being, whoso brain had been con- structed upon quite another model, and was altogether a different kind of machine, not by any possibility to bo disorganized. Dr. Cameron, devoting five minutes twice a week or so to this very interesting case, was greeted by tho patient only with' a despairing ¿silence and mute won- dering looks from troubled eyes-wonder at this period predominating over every other sensation wonder why she was in that place ; why ho, Malcolm, had so utterly deserted her ; why all her surroundings had undergone a, change so sudden and complete that seemed to hor as if she was an infant r.cwly horn into a now world-wonder which was mute, for when sho tried to speak strange words came, ami thc power of language seemed to have left her, except in spasmodic outbursts ofooinplaiiit, complaint addressed to thc bare walls or to her adamantine nurses Dr. Cameron see- ing her in thin «tate, and being duly informed by loquacious nurses that Lady I'aulyn was violent anil hysterical, began to think thc chances of speedy cure mure than doubtful. The patient talked to herself a great deal, ber nurses tobi him, and obstinately infused to sleep, in which peculiar temper she was the worst subject they had ever had to deal with. '* " Wc don't get a wink of sleep for hours at a stretch," complained Nurso Barber, of tho grenadier aspect. " Talking to herself nil night long, drumming with her fingers on tho wall, and that rcstloss ! Turn and turn, and toss and toss from side to side, and sigh and moan in a way that goes to tho marrow ! I think for trouble- someness she's about tho worst patient I ever laid eyes on. " " Does sho ever speak of her husband now?" asked tho doctor, inquiring for somo token of awakening memory. " Lord bloss you, no, .Sir ; ¡md if wo say any thing lihout bim, Htauds us out, up hill and down dalo, that there's no such person, and that she never was married, Once when I mentioned his narnu, tbinkin' as that might bring her to reason, sho looked ¡it mo with lier foolish smile, twisting her hair round her lingers all tho timo, and said, ' 1'oor Lord Pauly r. I Yea, lie was in lovo with mo once, poor follow ! But that's all over, I was true to Malcolm.' AM to th o way sho cn mos on about that Mn Icol rn, it's downright wicked." Ho Dr. Cameron looked kindly at the troublesome patient, hummed and ha'd a little in his mild way, which meant that ho could make nothing of her, mur- mured something professional to himself about cerebral disturbance, like a clock which .strikes in an empty room from the mero habit of striking, and departed, knowing just ns much about that.curious mystery of tho human mind in this caso, as ho knew in tho casé of tho drunkon grocer's wife, or tho demented stock-jobber, prescribing almost exactly tho samo treatment, with 1 a little différence as to diet, perhaps, nineo this wa« a moro delicate orgunication-Koitasillou instand of I bottled stout, the .breast of a chicken instead of a i rump-stoak -departed, and loft Elizabeth in tho utter I darknuss of a lonoly room and in tho power of tho nurses sho abhorred. Tho lottery of nurses is not unlike that lottery to Avhich Homo atrabilious misogynist linn compared mar-! ringe. It is like dipping for a (tingle eel in a bug of snakes! Elisabeth's Unit thaw had resulted in Minkon. Her two nurse;' wore, ii!.<?<;, tho yiTitndiur woman, with thu liiiiHcluiiof a'glniliator, nut a bndly ilif¿|iofn:tl person, porhnpn, could ono have arrived ut I lui motive principia of bur nature, but using her enormous ntruiigth half unconsciously, and having ii ll*od opinion (hut phytihml fonai wiis thu only tren I ntent, for a mimi nskew ; secondly, a vain pretty girl, who enjoyed u iiirl.nlion with a keeper or ge. ti tb; man ly lunatic on tho hi/ib-rond to lowery belier than the iiolituilo of tho patient'» chitin ber, who lind adopted the position ot mud-house mirso bceauso it paid better than pleasanter modes of industry, and who wroaked her disgust for her calling upon tho subject of her caro. Sho was morally worso than tho grodadior, heartless and shallow beyond all measure, and maliciously gratified at having a lady at her mercy. Thus followed the long days and tho longer nights; nights for the greater part utterly without ¡deep, long watches in tho dim light of tho night-lamp, watches through ^Vilich all tho imps and douions of madness held their horrid Sabbath infthat one unresisting brain ; nights in which thc patient's mind was liko a rudder- less ship driven thousands of milos out of hor course, or like a star that has hoon loosed from its natural station in heaven to reel tompest-driven through infin- ite space. "Who dare follow the thoughts of that distracted brain, tho inextricable tangle of waking dreams and shreds of memory, goinir hack to child- j hood's cloudiest recollections of a world that seemed I sweeter than thc world known in later years? Nor ! were thoso silent nights voiceless for hor. Voices that she loved spoke to her from the corridor outside her door, only divided from her by that fatal lookvil door. Sometimes it was her mother's gentío half- plaintivo tone, as of one who had always found life a thing to grumble ut ; sometimes ber baby's tiny voice calling with his first broken word, tho tender cry sho had'boen so proud to hear; sometimos ber father's genial bones ; for in this long dream of madness death was not. 3!ut | oftenest of all came thc voice of Malcolm Po rd e. Ho | was always near ber. There were nights when ho would not speak, but she was not thc less conviuccd of his presence. Sho knelt by that cruel door in the dead of the night-while thc nurses, strotched grimly on their truckle-beds, kept guard over ber as they slept-and laid her head against tho panel, and felt that her loved ones were near her ; felt as if their very breath shed a gentle warmth through the magnetic wood, ¡md melted thc'ieo at her heavy heart. Sho was as certain of their vicinity ¡is she had ever been of any fact in ber life. She never doubted, never ipicstiouod how they hud como there, wondered at nothing except why sho'was separated from them, and this severance she came by-and-by to ascribe to thc settled onmily of her nurses. With tho gray light of morning that dream would vanish, and give place to another fancy, or sometimes to ¡i period of dull apathy, an .absolute blank, in which perhaps tho brain rested after its nightly fever. Shu was quiet enough in the day, thc nurses admitted to each other, whereby they contrived to steal valions hollis for their own amusements, gossip or flirtation, an tho cuso might bo, while the initient sut ¡done unit stared ¡it the fire, whoso dangerous properties Were guarded by a largo wiro screen. Against this screen Elizabeth leaned, and looked into tho lire, which seemed thc most sympathetic thing in her narrow world, and struck wild chords on the wires of tho guard, and imagined thc music that^should have answered to her touch, and even played'aomo simple melody of days gone by-" Vedrai carino," or " Voi che sapetc." No one essayed to Lelp lier back to senso and memory. Tho doctors carno and looked at lier, and putted her. on tho head, and passed from before her sight like the shifting shadows of a magic lantern, and had about as much meaning for he)-. No ono tried to awaken her senses from their long dream with books or genial talk, with music, or pictures, or flowers, or any of those familiar things that might have touched tho mystic chords of memory. There was a certain routine for all patients at Hothcridgo Hall, whore madness was cured, or taken care of, Upon a wholesale system not admitting of minute differences. A comfortable open carriage was maintained for tho uso of tho first class patients, and these, when pronounced well enough for such indulgence, were allowed to commune with nature daily during an huiir's drive, generally on tho same turnpike-road. A glimpse of the outer world which raised strange vague longings in somo distracted minds, while for other moro sluggish spirits the wide wintry landscapo and the distant dome of St. Paul's seen dimly athwart a blue-gray cloud, seemed no more than a picture Hashed before their troubled eyes-a picture of holds and hedgerows and sky and cloud dimly remembered in somo former (stage of existence. Daring thc first six weeks of ber residcuco at Hethe ridgc-timo of which tho patient herself kept no count, but which seemed rathol* tv vast blank intcivnl, n dismal pauso wherein life caine to ii stand-still, than so many days ¡ind nights-Lady Paulyn was pronounced too weak for out of-door exorcise of any kind what ever, ¡iud in this jiotiotl shu scarcely saw tho sky. lt wan there certainly-the bluo vault of beaven-visible front the upper part of her window, thc lower half being kept closely shuttered le.vt sho should do herself :i mischief; for Nurse Harbor remembered ¡md dwelt upon that little episode at Slogh-iin.-Dyiick when sho had sought to force herself out of tho wintlow. The sky was there, within roach of ber dull eyes, ¡md ultu did not look up ¡it it. Her brain was a lucdloy of old thoughts, a chaos of many- coloured scraps and slircml, like a good housekeeper's rag-bag. All her married life-with its social triumphs, its unbroken brilliancy, its splendour and extravagance-was as if it had never been; anti young memories, childish fancie*, ami the days when her first and only love ripened into passion, unsurped her mind. Madness, which in its worst folly hus a curious tendency to hit upon univoiml truths, revealed tho unquenchable power of a first poetic love -a love which, pure as tho vestal's sacred lire, burns with its quiet light through all tho storms of lifo, and grows brighter as tho pilgrim's path descends tho valley where thc shadows thicken on the border-land of lifo und death. 