CELIA'S MOTH. ""EY'Kate" Putnam Osgood. "There he is in. the candle again! ex claimed Celia, stopping her needles and whisking the half-finished stocking at a . circling moth obstinately bent on perishing in the flame. "I wonder what moths were made for ? — stupid things ! "Made for the. candle, perhaps," said Rory, with a peculiar inflection in his lazy voice. Celia gave him an impatient glance, but resumed her knitting without answering. ' " It's all very well to call them stupid," continued Rory, presently, " but, if the truth Were told, don't you suppose the candle likes the same, too V' "No, I don't," answered Celia, shortly. " Well, you ought to know," said Rory, with that queer accent again. Celia threw down her. knitting-work a second timo. " I declare, Rory," she cried, ' ' I won't be hinted at like this !" "What can I do but hint— if you won't let me speak out ?" said Rory. Well, spoak out, then — make an end of it : may be it's better so," said Celia. Rory's reply to this was to get up and come round the table to where Celia aat ; whereupon Celia, in her turn, quietly stepped round and seated herself in his empty chair. Rory did not dare to follow, but ho looked at her in a discomfited nnd imploring way that raised the ghost of a smile upon her hitherto stern little mouth. But she imme- diately became judge-like again. " Now, just sit down there," she said. " and say out what .you have to say." "What's the use?" muttered Rory, sulky at being out-manceuvred. "You know it just as well r.s I do." " Know what ?" Say it ont, I tell you !" " Why, that I— that you— 0 Celia ! that I love'you so much I can't say it !" cried Rory, <i sudden boyish gush of tenderness melting through the little crust. Here Celia dropped one of her knitting- needles, dived down for it, and came up with a red cheek. But her reply was practical in the extreme. ' Well, suppose you do, what does it amount to ? 1 wouldn't marry n shirk, any way." This time it was into Rory's dark face that the blood fiew, and be bit bis lip. Celia's words had stung deeper than sbe knew or meant, perhaps. "What would you have me do?" he said, at last. "Anything!" answered Celia, energeti cally. "Get a hammer and break stones on tho road would be better than nothing." f'But why should 1 work, since my father left me enough — " "Why should you work?" interrupted Celia. "Why, for the sake of working. Yes, I know — inore's the pity ; your father did leave you just enough to dawdle along. Yos, yott do dawdlo, Rory — no use scowling . like that; what else can you call tho way you've spent your time ever since you caino homo? When it's rainy, .you dawdle off with a fishing-rod ; and, when it's pleasant, yon dawdle under the trees with a book all tiny long ; and then in the evening — " .. " In the evening I dawdle round the candle," completed Rory, sarcastically. " Yes, exactly ; and I can tell' you, Rory, the candle doesn't like it."" " Doesn't, it ?" said Roty, getting up. "Well, good-night, then, Candle ; I won't dawdle round you any more, this evening, anyhow!" With which' speech ho took his six feet of laziness out of the room. Celia stopped .tho click of her needles, and listened for' his tread on tho stairs. She did not hear it,; but what she did hear next minute was the outside door closing with a bang that indicated Master Rory to be in no very gentle mood. A little smile and tben a little frown.came over Celia's face. ' ' Where is he off to now, I wonder ?" she said to herself, hot condescending, however, to go to the window and see what direction the truant was taking. " To Susy .Tibbitts's, perhaps. He has done that once or twice before when I put him out — and he was put out to-night ! Well, 'I can't help it ; I can't See him running to waste so, and' hold my tongue. If he chooses to revenge himself by going to Susy Tibbitts's, why, he mast, that's all. I snppose lie won't expect me to sit up for him ; he knows there's the pantry-win dow for folks that stay out late courting." But Rory had hot gone to Susy Tibbitts's, albeit certain of being suffered there to hover round the candle as long and as close as he liked.' He had gone down to the mill-stream, to a mossy stone where he had been wont, as Celia said, to dawdlo with a fishing-rod ; bnt there was no fishing-rod in his hand now, and no dawdling in his mood either. That Word " shirk" was still rankling within him ; it was not by any means tho first time that Celia had scolded him for being lazy, but that epithet somehow seemed to point and drive home tho roproach in quite a new way. Rory was lazy, there is no denying that. You saw it in the languid grace of his well- developed figure ; in the peculiar curve of his lips '; in tho way in which tlie heavy lids rose Blowly from his eyes, as if it were hardly worth the trouble in motion nnd outline,' as in coloring, tho southern mother was betrayed in him. Yet, underlying all the tropical warmth and softness, was the . .firmer stratum that came from his New England ancestry on the other side ; and, just as you were surprised, when the black lashes were lifted, to see a pair of deep-blue eyes set in the olive face, so you were surprised sometimes to see those large, sleepy eyes kindle into a keenness of com prehension and energy foreign' to 'his whole exterior.' To repeat, the rock lay under all, only it lay so deep that it was sel dom touched. But it had been touched to-night. He had left Celia in one of those flashes of anger not at all unusual with him ; \- but he seated- himself now on tho stono by the mill.brook with an uncommonly well-de fined purp'ose'Ot thinking it all out; "it" being-Ceib),' himself, : and his own position \- with regard to her and things in general. . . What that .was does not require many Wolds to explain. Rory— and here it moiy be remarked that ho did not owo his Iriaii name to any Irish blood, but to the inabi- . lity Of .one Of-his father's farm-hands to — as he phrased it — get his tongue round tho little fellow's name. For Captain Trent, with that peculiar taste in nomenclature not infrequently to be observed in the New En- ' glander born and bred, had called his boy flosario, after the South American settle ment where he had met his wife ; and, this application being unmanageable to more , tongues than Pat M'Ginnis's, that worthy's . solution of the difficulty had been speedily adopted by everybody. Rory Trent, tben, Was the orphan son of a South American Spaniard and a roving New Engfander, who had been a sailor and a little of everything else before becoming a settler in Bueno3 Ayres, where he made considerable money in sheep, which he afterwards lost in specu lation. 3hortly after his marriage the fancy took him to return to his native town, which he accordingly did, richer than when he left it by a wife and a fortune. But he did not retain either, very long. The dark-eyed Peruvian pined and drooped in that uncon genial air; and, before the village folks were tired of gossiping abont her outlandish garb and ways, one bleak November day they were bidden to a huslhed assembly, where " the foreign woman" liny, rigid enough now, her outlandish garb exchanged for colorless grave clothes ; then the black frozen sods of tlie little New Engleuidicemetery closed over the stranger from the flar-away land of the vine and the palm, and tliere was nothing left to tell of her save that mound, and a motherless little boy. ' Captain Trent followed his wife before many years, but not, until l»e bad succeeded in making ducks a'ad drakes of his recently- acquired mono' by rash speculation, and the undertaking of New England farming on a South American scales with the result to be expected from snore zeal than discretion. That accomplished — concluding, perhaps, that he had ab?>ut exhausted this world — he betook himselg to another, leaving Rory with the wreck of his property— juat enough, as Celia had said, to let him dawdlo along | through life. Boy and property were con fided to the care of the cnptain'skalf-brotlier, Jacob Wotbercll, who was to give the lad a home during his minority, sent him to col- j lego— this being expressly stipulated by the testator, with tho exaggerated ideas of the advantages of that institution peculiar to those who have not shared them —and he altogether a father to the fatherless boy. The provisions of the will had been duly carried out. liory, grown up, had passed his four years within the university walls, anil left the wiser, no doubt, by all that ex perience of prank-playing and authority- cheating which are among the benefits of a collegiate course. Otherwise it cannot be said that he had particularly distinguished himself. He had just graduated, and re turned home at the age of twenty-two, healthy, handsome and lazy, with his life all before bins, and no apparent notion of what to do with it beyond smoking, idling, and making love, in season and out of season, to his cousin, Celia Wetherell. As for this last pastime, no one, seeing Celia, would be disposed to blame him. She was the type we alt kuow in New England, and shall hardly meet with out of it ; a mixture of fun und gravity, sentiment and shrewdness ; so pretty, it "seemed, that she must be good for nothing, and so capable, one felt that she ought to be ugly ; kind, keen, and clever ; fresh and sweet as. an opening brier-rose, with all tho rose's bloom, and some of its thorns —as luckless Rory could testify. Occupied herself from morn ing till night, she looked with extreme disfavor on his purposeless existence, as sbe regarded it. But tben, as it happened, he had one purpose, and that was to make her his wife ; so when she said to-night, with such uncompromis ing plainness, that sbe would never marry a shirk, the words went straight home as no others could have done. He could not get rid of them ; the mill-current seemed to ripple to their tune ; they formed the basis both of the thoughts of anger nnd mortification that ran through his mind while he sat on the stono thinking it out, and of the plan that had taken shape before be returned home to let himself in at the pantry window, unheard' by nuybody but Celia, who, though sho would not sit up for folk that stayed out courting, neverthe less did not sleep till she had heard said folk come in. The next morning, ' at breakfast, Rory astonished bis Uncle Jacob by inquiring if there were not some books of bis father's on South America somewhere about the house. " I guess so," answered- the old farmer, intent on the carving of a pink-and-white ham, artistically licked out with black pepper spots. " But what do you want of South American hooks, hey, Rory ? " " Only because I'm going there myself," was Rory's startling answer. Celia impvovidently dropped five large lumps of sugar, one after another, into her father's coffee cup, and tho old man himself left the knife quivering half-way in the ham. " You aro going to South America !" he repeated, wrinkling up his eyebrows, the better to stare at Rory. " Why, bless tho boy, ho ain't waked up yet !" " On the contrary, Uncle Jacob, I've just waked up," answered Rory, with a side glance at Celia. "And quite" time, too. I must see something of the world, you know; of course, I cant bo always hanging round here doing nothing. " Considering that at that time yesterday Rory had not appeared to find the slightest difficulty in such a mode of life, it was no wonder if Uncle Jacob was somewhat sur prised by the decided way in which this statement was advanced. But, as his nephew stuck to his plan, the old man, too, was Soon brought round to regard it as, on the whole, an excelleut idea, bo tho thing was sottled, and Rory, with an eager energy which Uncle Jacob declared he had not thought was in the boy, set about bis preparations forthwith, nod gave no rest to himself, or anybody.£lse till all was ready. ' Good bye, Celia," he said, as he held his cousin's hand at the moment of departure. ' ' The moth's going where he won't trouble yop again for one while at any ,_Tko Lord knows if I'll over come back, but what ever happens, whether I live or die, you sha'n't call me a shirk again." Then ho looked at her with his great pleading deep-' blue eyes, which Baid all that pride tied his tongue from saying, kissed, her twice, -thrice, passionately, and was gone. > ' Celia, perhaps, if sho could have ordered all exactly to her liking, " would not have had her moth fly quite so far off,, but sho was not one to look back, lier hand once put to the plough; she had spoken for Rorw's — good-.-comc what might of it ; if ho was thereby lost to her, at least he was gained to himself, as she believed, and she was not going;to regret her work because it was working itself out beyond her antici pation. So she kept ou cheerily along the round of her daily duties, those multifarious cares known only to farmers' wives and daughters who, whatever happens, must bo prepared for seed-time and harvest. Oelia was as capable a little mistress as over lived, and her quick eye and step pervaded the house'like a spring breeze ; she was here, there, and everywhere, providing for the men, overseeing tho maids, scolding them, too, sometimes, no doubt, all through the week, and then on Sundays ready in her place in the choir, with her voice and face as fresh as her go-to-meeting best, laid up in lavender and rose-leaves ; leading,- in short, the good old- fashioned, orthodox, village life, including, perhaps, the "sparking," who knows ? for she was not only the pret tiest girl in town, but an only child, whose father possessed substantial charm3 of ano ther sort. Rory, meanwhile, was doing well ' ' over there," as they called tho great, far-away tropical country, whose distance in crossing he seemed somehow to have bridged over for those left behind in the red house under the northern pines and maples. He had been very lucky, he wrote, in the partner ship into which he had entered ; wns not making money with a rush, exactly, but was certainly not losing it ; was getting very rich in experience if not in gold. His letters were assuredly prosaic enough, they dealt loss with description than with facts, and with sentiment least of all ; the wildest stretch of imagination could not have made them into love-letters ; they might havo been read aloud on town-meeting day without raising a - blush on Celia's cheek. Yet still there was always some allusion which nobody but herself, could understand, some thing which, without any direct appeal, wns meant to refresh old memories which might yet be alive in her heart, So at least the girl fancied, until she remnrked certain other allusions, more frequent of late, to the cousin whom he had found over there,, -the Cousin Juanitn, who owned miles of vineyard, who had the largest eyes and the smallest feet, and was the" best bolero-dancer of all the senoritas. in that whole region. Then a doubt gradually formed itself in Celia's mind, a doubt strengthened by the innocent comment of Uncle Jacob,, who had no more, notion of. any special tender- cess between his daughter and -his nephew than if they had been a pair of lovers in the moon instead of right under his silver- bowed spectacles. "The boy's following in his father's track," chuckled the worthy man ; nnd in her- heart Celia believed that her father was right. Then over her knit ting sho would try to make a picture for her self of Juanita, as she looked dancing that outlandish but no doubt bewitching dance, the bolero, and the Spanish girl's black eyes would flash and her little feet twinkle curi ously all through the 3taid New England conversation, till finally, when Mark Wilson, or young Dr. Heath, or Lewis Snunderland from over the hill, liad said good night and gone away, Celia would betake herself to her chamber, there to piece out tho broken images again in dreams, and fancy she heard Rory's rich voice singing serenades under the tbiek-blos3omed creepers, nnd saw the gleam of gold, in Junnita's blnck cloud of tresses, till she started suddenly broad awake, with the sun in her eyes, and Peter's whistle in her ears, as he went out to fodder the cattle in tlie early morning. Then Bhe would half smile as she rose and made her simple but dainty toilet, and, staudiug before the glass, shook loose over her fair face the thick waving locks that needed no foreign ornament to give them the gleam of goia ; then she would go lightly down stairs, for she must set her whole household machinery in motion ; she must see that others ate and drank ; she must eat and drink herself, and ainid her multiplicity of occupations she had no time to pine or pale, and so the now day would wear pleasantly enough to a close, like those that had gone before and oliould follow nfter it. Some four years slipped away, and then — Rory came home, suddenly, without a word of warning ; he wanted to give them a sur prise, he said. And a huge surprise it was ; only, after a little, he bad dropped so com pletely into his old place that-it seemed as if I he had never been away. So said Uncle I Jacob. I " You ain't a bit changed, not a bit," went on tlie old man. " You're broWn enough — yes, but then you always was a I coffee-color, you know, Rory, hey ?" " I know," answered R"ry, returning the old man's laugh. "But I am changed for all that, Uncle Jacob. Ask Celia. " I " Well, well, perhaps you be, perhaps you be," said the old man. "My ryes aint what they were— nor my glasses neither. 1 shall liavo to buy a new pair, I guess." But the change in his nephew was ono which no new. pair of glasses— nor even of eyes, unless they had been Celia's — would have enabled Uncle Jacob to see. - "S'posew'e sha'n't keep you long," con tinued lie, presently. " \ ou'll be in a hurry to get back again ?" " No, Unele Jacob," answered Rory ; " I've come home for good. 1 incan to try and turn to account here what I've managed to pick up out there." "Aha! didn't I say so? Going to do just as his father did !" chuckled the old farmer, oblivious, apparently, of the fact that neither his father's agricultural nor matrimonial ventures had thrivou in trans planting. " But you'll have to go back, though, to fetch your bride. When's it to be, eh, lad? when's the wedding coming off?'' " The wedding?" repeated Rory, dreamily; then, with a start and a smile, " Oh, some time next year, I expect." " Then it really was to be," thought Celia, as she watched Rory's unconscious face. How strange that she should have been the one to send him half across the world to fiad a wife in this unknown cousin who otherwise would doubtless have renjained unknown to hiin for ever. Well, she did it for the best, she told herself, as often before, but this time slie could Dot thus console herself quite so easily. And just then Rory's eyes turned suddenly full upon her, nnd she blushed guiltily, and got uu and and went into the kitchen, remembering all at once that Naney Walsh was a raw girl, and was probably spoiling whatever she had in hand. Two or three days passed by much as of old. " Do yon expect anybody to-night, Celia?" asked Rory, one evening. "No, not that l'know of," answered Celia, rather in surprise. "Why?" " Nothing, only as Dr. Heatli was here last night, and Lewis Saunderland the night before, and Mark Wilson the night before that, 1 was wondering if you had one for every evening in the week ?" " What nonsense, Rory!" said Celia, turning away in search of something in her work-basket. " Is it nonsense ?" said Rory. " Im sure I hope so, for then we have a prospect of a quiet evening." A very quiet evening they seemed to have a prospect of, for it was a long time before either of them spoke a word. They sat op posite each other, with the light-stand be tween, Celia knitting, and Rory lazily watching her quick little fingers fly in nnd out among the needlei. Both, perhaps, thought of just such an evening four years before. "There's your moth back again, Celia," said Rory, suddenly. Celia looked up with a start, first at Rory and then at a large moth, which in fact was circling uncertainly round the candle- wicK. " Yes, but he's grown shy ; he'll be off again in a minute," said the girl, uncon sciously following out the thought of her mind. " What odds will you bet on that?" asked Rory. "Betting is wrong," said Celia, de murely. "Not between cousins," returned Rory, with equal gravity. " This coral-headed pin of mine to — let me see — to that rose in your 'hair, that Mr. Moth stays and singes himsolf ? " . Celia. -did not refuse, and silence con- ;sehteth. They kept quiet, and watched and .Waited; "" Not for very long. Tho winged simpleton advanced, retreated, advanced nearer, exe cuted a few zigzag flights and eccentric curves, then made a blind dash at the flame, and fell scorched on the table. "Well?" said- Rory, coming round to Celia, and his eyes looking straight, into 'hers, whilo he detached the rose.' That required timo and patience; for it was a thorny bud, and, by the time Rory bad finished, one of his fingers was bleeding. .".You pay. dear for your whistle,'.' said Celia. "No dearer than I expected," answered Rory. "I knew it was a brier-rose," and again be looked at her. He did not go back to his former scat tben, bnt drew a cbair beside her, and leaned his elbow on tho table where the moth was still feebly fluttering. "Poor old fellow !" said Rory, looking down at it with a queer smile, " come and die in honey." And he picked it'up, and placed it on the rose leaves. "Moths like roses, too," he said. " You're thinking of butterflies,"- said Oelia, knitting away most industriously.' ''What's the diflerence?" asked Rory. " Oh, I don't know — ever so much ?" " Well, yes, so much, at any rate — butter flies are rovers, and moths are constant — to the candle." There was another long pause. "Do you remember just such an evening as this four years ago, Celia," said Rory, at last, "when yon called me a shirk, and sent me about my busines ?'' ' "0 Rory !" said Celia, reproachfully, " I did hope you wouldn't remember all my silly speeches against me." "Against you !" repeated Rory. ' "Those were the kindest words you ever spoke to me. Made a man of me. Came: just in time, too, for a little longer I should have settled down into a regular village lounger — like old Torn Wiley, perhaps— hanging about the stores, sitting on molasses barrels, and drinking, old Jamaica. Might liave come to that — who knows ?'" "Well, then !" "Well," repeated Rory, "what of that?" "What of that!" echoed Celia, with a wonderful glance at him, as if to make sure he had not been taking just a drop of old Tim Wiley's specific— "why, you can't marry two people, and you know you said yourself the wedding would be next year ?" "Oh, you're thinking of Juanita? Yes, but her wedding won't be mine, you know ?" "Not — yours — ?" " Of course not ! She's' going to marry a Spanish fellow as light-heeled a3 she is. They danced into love together, and now they're going to dance into matrimony." "Oh!" Scarcely to save her life could Celia have spoken more than one word, nor have looked up into tho dusky blue eyes she felt were waiting for hers. , "Did you thin): Juanita was the cousin I hoped to marry?" said Rory, in a lower voice. " I've got another cousin — Celia — " Silence ; and Celia knitting as if for a Wager. Rory leaned forward and captured both her hands in defiance of the darting needle-points and the imminent risk of an other wounded finger. . "Celia," said he, " is it Dr. Heath or I ?" " It's— not Dr. Heath — " said Celia, and then knitting and needles became entangled in hopeless confusion, and 1 am afraid some of the stitches in that stocking had to be taken over agian, "Talking of Juanita, Celia," said Rory, by and by, " as I told you, the packing me oil' was the making of me; but, all tbe same, wasn't it something of a risk ? How did you kuow but I might turn out a butterfly in stead of a moth ?" "No danger," laughed Celia, ignoring all her previous doubts and fears. "Once a moth always a moth !" Rory answered this saucy speech as it deserved. But his reply cannot be set down on paper.— -Appkton's Jovrna I. The monthly meeting of the Third Victoria Building Society was held on Wednesday, at the ofiice. No. 3 Elizabeth-street : Mr. Tims. Alston in the chair. Bie takings for the month were announced to bo. .£2017 lis. 5d. It was announced by the chairman that the accumulated money now in hand was sufficient to pay the investing shareholders the full amount of the shares. Tbe society witl therefore be brought to a termina tion. All borrowers will have their securities re turned, nnd the investing members will be paid the amounts to their credit on and after Monday next. The services in connection with tho opening of the United Methodist Free Church was continued on Monday last, when a public tea meeting was held, at which about three hundred people sat down. A public meeting was nfterwards held in the new church, presdded over by Mr. C. J. Hnin. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. Rowe, Dickson, Ross, Miller, Green, Clark and Farley, and Alessrs. Cox, Forest and Alden. Several pieces of sacred music were very efficiently rendered by the choir, and the meeting throughout was the most successful ever held in connection with this church, both numerically and financially. The opening services will be continued to-night by tho Rev. Charles Clark, and also next Sunday, as advertised in another column. 