UPPER HUNTER ELECTORATE. ' I 1909 OUR. OWN REPORTER | I THE nomination of candidates for the representation in the Legislative Assembly of the electorate of the Upper 1 Hunter took place at the hustings, at the Court-house, Scone, on Wednesday, in tho presence of a large number of electors. l The RETURNING-OFFICER (Mr. W. Little) opened the proceedings with reading the writ, c, and requested the meeting to give each speaker a fair and impartial hearing. Mr. W. NICHOLL proposed Dr. William Henry Gordon as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate in the new Parliament. of Mr. SILAS ROSE seconded the nomination. Mr. JOHN BLACK nominated Mr. John Walter Smart. ' My. ROBERT HARDY seconded the nomination. Mr. FRANCIS O'NEILL proposed the name of Mr. Thomas Hungerford. . | Mr. WILLIAM GARDINER seconded the nomination. _ j Mr. JOSEPH PALMER ABBOTT nominated Mr. Francis] White. . ;' | Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL seconded the nomination. Mr. SILAS ROSE nominated Mr. Joseph Palmer Abbott, amid some confusion and disclaimers from Mr. Abbott of being a candidate. is Mr. GEORGE LONSDALE seconded the nomination of Mr. Abbott. | An objection was taken that Mr. Lonsdale was not an elector, and the nomination was not taken. Dr. GORDON said he appeared before the electors as a candidate for their suffrages. [A voice: " Retire in favour of Mr. Hungerford."] Sixteen years ago he had stood, before them as a candidate, and although they did not then, nor upon other occasions, return him, many changes had since taken place. (Interruption.) He did not know that he had done anything to forfeit the confidence of the' electors, nor had he kept his eyes closed to what was a passing in the political world. [A voice: "Wherever those articles in the Mercury about cremation, Doctor ? We don't want you, Doctor."] He had lent a helping hand to everything for the benefit of the district, and, if he had a more extended sphere as their representative, he would do much more. He had on all occasions treated his opponents with the utmost courtesy, and had done nothing to cause any one to blush ; but he was sorry to say he had not been left alone in the present contest. No person had been stigmatised as he had been, and he commented very strongly on I seem articles that had appeared in the Maitland Mer- cur1/, A insulting not only to himself, but also to the female members of his family. (Shame.) He hoped, however, that the best man would be returned, whoever he might be. He denied that on the occasion of the last election he had issued any squibs reflecting on his opponents, although he had been accused of doing so. The electors had a very important duty to themselves and their families to per- form ; they had to elect a member to help to make the < laws by which they had to be governed, and they must remember that one vote of theirs might return a man utterly unfit and one vote of that man might entail misery upon them for years. (Cheers and interruption.) He could not understand how people changed their political opinions so quickly as they did. (Renewed disturbance.) It had been said that he was always a dummy candidate, but this he denied, former had always gone to the poll, except on the last occasion, when he retired in favour of Dr. Creed. He had been accused of being an adventurer, but he repudiated the charge. A man could not be called as adventurer who had lived in the same house for the last eighteen years. Such a charge was nothing but a piece of political dodger. If he were returned, it would be by the mass of the people (cheers) and he thought wealth was sufficiently represented already in the House. [A voice : " You will not get the ghost of a showery In the last Parliament there were in both Chambers not less than forty-five direct representatives of landed property, which he considered too large a proportion. In the old country the poor people were so jealous of their rights that they paid a member generally a barrister to represent them, and the day was not far distant when they would be represented here. (Cheers and disturbance.) He was aware of no political , crisis in the colony at the present time to call for remarks from a candidate. No doubt in the new Parliament the Electoral Act would be amended, and much it needs it. The Upper Hunter only returns one representative. [An elector : " She won't have you."] They might get a worse, for he would endeavour to do his duty, and would do all he could to have the Electoral Act amended, and to have an elective Upper House, not based upon the same principles as the Assembly. He was in favour of the extension of railways north, south, and west, in order that agriculturist, might get their produce to market. He would ask why should people who live above Singleton have to pay higher rate, for the carriage of their produce than those who live below that place. He was also in favour of the abolition of tolls, which came very hard upon teamsters, and would rather support a tax upon the carriages and buggies of the rich. (Interruption and cheers ) He would endeavour to get reserves upon the roads for teamsters to camp upon. (Applause ) He would support the present Public Schools Act, which had done incalculable good to the rising generation. We were not ripe for a change, and it would be a crying evil to disturb the Denomi- national schools under the Act. The Land Act, brought in by Mr. John Robertson, was one of the most patriotic measures ever brought in. [A voice : " He brought it in to benefit himself."] That bill had given homes and habitations to thousands; there were some 98,000 genuine free selectors in the land, whose sons would be the yeoman of New South Wales in ten years' time. (Applause.) No doubt many of the clauses required amendment Free selectors should be allowed to take up 640 acres. It had been said that free-selectors dummy more than the squatters, but did they do so? The large landed proprietors were not the proper persons to legislate upon the land question' for the people, but personally he had nothing against the other candidates. He had been solicited by a number of electors to stand, but it was for them to say whether they would return him. They had been told that he would only go down to seek Government employment, but he might have got it twelve years ago if he had desired. It had been said he would not be able to maintain himself, but he would be insulting them if he asked them to support him. He was opposed to payment of members. He had sufficient to keep the wolf from the door without Belling another bottle of physic (Cheers.) If he were returned he would not miss a night in the Assembly, but would be there on every occasion to advocate their cause. (Cheers.) Mr. J. W. SMART said he was sure IAn elector : "What is your name P We don't know you."] His name was John Walter Stuart, and as a stranger he hoped they would extend to him the same courtesy that would be i extended to them if they went to Sydney. (Cheers.) He asked at their hands a patient hearing, and he had received the greatest courtesy at all his meetings. He came there at the invitation of a large body of free-selectors, and he prided himself that since he came he had not asked one elector for his vote. [A voice : " How much do you charge a man forsleepingin a paddock ?"] With regard to that blackguard paragraph, he had already said that if anyone would prove it he would give £510 amongst their local charities. To come to the question of the day, he had come there to explain his views to the electors of the Upper Hunter. [A voice: "You might as well have stopped at home. "Very likely he might. [A voice: ""You ought to have tried where you were known."] The question of the greatest interest to all present was the Land Act. Cries of "That's it: That's the style."] When he received the invitation from the free-selectors Association, there was no other candidate in the field, there had been a local candidate he should not have come. When he received that invitation, they forwarded to him at the came time some resolutions passed by the free selectors of the Upper Hunter. He was in favour of a great number of those resolutions, but not with all, because he thought it would be impossible to pass some of them into law. The first resolution was that all auction sales of land throughout the colony should be prohibited, except in the case of town and suburban lots. With regard to this he was of opinion that the American system should be introduced here. The Government should survey blocks of land, of two or three thousand acres, and for three, five, or seven years that land should be open to free selection, but at the expiration of the period fixed upon the balance should be sold by auction. The second resolution was that all interest paid by free-selectors should be accepted as part payment of the principal, and this should have a retrospective effect. Well, it was impossible to make it retrospective, but in the 'Hi.. JP" they could be credited to them what they had paid. [An elector: "That would not be fair to the old selectors."] He agreed with, the next resolution, that if a selector took up land for the members of his family one dwelling-house should be 'i i considered sufficient under the residence clause and he believed this would be provided in the new Land um. (Cheers) With regard to the next dance, is a selector made improvements upon one portion of his selection, that should be accepted as improvements upon the whole area. He also agreed that volunteer land orders should be prohibited, and believed a sum of money would be placed upon the estimates to give the volunteers £50 instead or a land order. The area for selection he would increase from 320 to 640 acres, with a pre-emptive right of three times the amount. He thought 10s. per acre would be quite sufficient for improvements, and the old pre-emptive rights attached to grants of land should be abolished. With regard to the education question, he was in favour of carrying out the present Act in its integrity, with some slight modifications. School buildings should be erected entirely at the expense of the State, Teachers should have a fixed salary, and the money from the children should be paid into a general fund. There was provision in the present Act for the clergymen of various denominations to go into the schools and give religious instruction; as for the oom'iuleory clause, he had sufficient confidence in the bulk of the people to feel that this was not necessary. He was in favour of placing the Upper House upon an elective basis ; if this had been the case, the Electoral Bill would have passed, and they would now have had the privilege of electing two members for the Upper Hunter. A great deal had been said about a local candidate, but he contended that a local candidate was a man who could afford to give his time for the benefit of his constituents, and be referred to the cases of Mr. Nelson and Mr. W. C. Browne, who had done so much for their respective electorates, but who, nevertheless, resided in Sydney. There were a very few gentlemen who would give up their homes and take up their residence in Sydney, but if they elected him they would have no cause to complain. He was a young man, and in a position to afford to give up his t time for the benefit of the country, and it was a grand and i a glorious thing for a young man to do so. (Cheers.) In answer, to questions, Mr. SMART said he was in favour of a classification of land, but not so far as free selection goes. He was in favour of opening up roads to the free selections, wherever there were ten or twelve selections. | He would endeavour to have fl part of the revenue set apart for the conservation of water. He was in favour of pushing on railways throughout the land. He would support generally (he Parkes Ministry. (Cheers.) Mr. THOMAS HUNGERFORD, who was received with cheering, said he appeared before them for the first time as a candidate, and he would not ask their votes upon the same ground as the previous speakers. He reminded them that it was their duty to put the best man in, and exercise their franchise faithfully. (Cheers.) No man should come before the electors without being prepared to state the grounds upon which he claimed their votes. He would not now go into the misstatements that had been made regarding him but would rather go into the political principles upon which alone he asked for their support. There were now ; two questions before the public, but it was the land question upon which they would send a member to Parliament. ¡ With regard to the education cry, he had been accused of 11 making himself with the League. He would ask them to believe him when he said it was nothing of the kind. He > had been a supporter of the present Act up to the present time, and he did not desire to see it altered, but he did not, think that the State, as a State, could be expected to take the teachings of the different denominations in the schools. He did not see why we should endeavour to thrust our religious opinions into other people, He would not support compulsory education, i for it would be grossly absurd and unjust to expect children to go several miles to attend school. [A voice: " Why is not build schools for them it"'] That was his desire to bring schools within the reach of all, where it was possible. He would not support free education, because he believed the great mass or the people were willing to pay a fair contribution towards the education of their children. With reference to the land question, in order to make himself understood he would have to go to the bottom of the subject Many years ago the Govornment in England were in the habit of granting lands to people according to the money they brought with them. At that time Und, . if purchased, cost 6s. per acre, but the price was raised to 6 12s. 6d., and eventually to £5 per section, to i prevent monopoly. The Government gave pre-emptive leases at 5s. per acre, but after a while these were given up, and it was considered advisable to change them into lease- holds. The leaseholders made a rush of these pro employes at 10s. per section, and it was afterwards changed | to £2 per section. If put up at auction it was put up at £1 per section, end if renewed, it was £2 per section. The interest that the public held in these lands, it was fair to assume, was what the public got for these lands. In Mr. Robertson's Occupation Act, provision was made for valua- tion and appraisement, such appraisement to hold good for five years. But the public purse was receiving less than the interest on a shilling an acre for these lands, and they ought to inquire whether the country could not do better with them. He thought they could It was the some with the lands on the coast dis- trict, only they sooner got taken up and became more valuable. If the coast lands could be made profitable why could not the others. The increase of population meant the increase of wealth and of progress. He would allow the public to take enough, but not more than enough. There ought to be a land bill to enable the country to be taken up. It was neither just nor expedient to make men pay £2 per acre for a portion of the public estate that was only paying interest on a shilling an acre. It was not just that one man should be allowed to hold several thousand acres, and another man only a small quantity. . He would give an enlarged area to the selector ; he did not fix the amount, but he would give him enough to make a fair living, without permitting monopoly. If this principle had been carried out we should have had no dummyism now, nor yet one free-selector cutting out another's grazing right. (Cheers.) He would do all he could to prevent dummyism, for he believed it was the great bane to our prosperity. There was no fear that our land would be exhausted, for we had still 185 millions of acres not taken up. He would advocate the sale of these lands, and apply the proceeds to the construction of public works. These were his principles, and if they did not like them let them not vote for him, for if elected he would endeavour to carry those principles out. (Cheers.) In reply to questions, Mr. HUNGERFORD said he did not < think 500 or 600 acres too large an area to be selected and A he did not think a man ought to pay more than 10s. per acre for the land, and 10s. an acre for improvements. He was in favour of more reserves. He would allow a man to take up 16,000 sores on the Barwin or Narren, but not at half price. He thought we ought to assist immigration. (Cheers') Mr. FRANCIS WHITE was loudly cheered on coming forward to address the electors. He thanked them for the way in which they had received him, and assured them he came before them as a candidate actuated only by the purest and most patriotic. motives. (Cheers.) Many of them had known him from a bay, and would believe , him when he said this. He had commenced this canvass with a determination to speak nothing but the truth, and he had found many who had been opposed to him were now among his warmest supporters. He saw there many a poor man who had selected upon his land Cries I of "Dummies" and "Order and he would appeal to I them whether he was stating the truth or not. His object in coming before them was to assist in forming laws for the benefit of them, of himself, and of the whole country. (Applause.) If he had seen one candidate who he believed would represent the views of the majority of the electors of that constituency, he would never have come before them. He had avoided personalities at all his meetings, except where he had met the last speaker, and he had then set him down as he had thought he should do that day. He would not have opposed Mr. Hungerford if he had believed that gentleman to possess any political principles, [An elector : 1 " He is a better looking man than you. ' Another elector : " That man is no judge of human beauty." (Cheers and laughter.) He then proceeded, amid much interruption, to charge Mr. Hungerford of having recently changed his views upon the education question, and of having when he lately came down the country advocated the principles of the League. [Mr. Hungerford roBo and denied the charge. J He would not go so far back as Mr. Hungerford had done ; he would only go back to 1879, and he charged Mr. Hungerford with inconsistency in now professing to be in favour of opening up roads, when in 1870 he had, on the bench at Merriwa, fined some men for forcing their way upon a road that had been open for more than thirty years. He denied that he had had anything to do with the squibs alluded to by Dr. Gordon. IA voice: " What about Mr. Thatcher?"] He had nothing to do with Mr. Thatcher, and had not spoken to him for years. He came before them to offer his services, and if they thought him the best man let them put him in. If he went into the House he would go in as an independent man, and would not pledge himself to any party, and he had no object to serve beyond his desire to advance his native country. Referring to the minute of the Governor, which had led to the present dissolution, had he been in the House he would have supported the motion of Mr. Combes. He would support any Ministry that brought in good measures ; if their measures were adverse to the interests of the country, he would vote against them. He had no personal reason to support one Ministry more than another. The late Electoral Bill was as an instalment of something that was good. Although not perfect, it was a step in the right direction. He hoped soon to see that bill again introduced, and with some amendments carried. He was in favour of having the Upper House elective. The two Houses, to work well, must be elected by the people of the country. The franchise should not be the same. The electorates should be enlarged, and freeholders only have votes, He had no doubt that before many years this would be carried out. Meet thinking men must lament the recent agitation on the Education question, and regard it as unnecessary. The present Act would accomplish all that was required especially as Mr. Parkes had promised a very much larger education grant, and to build schools entirely at the expense of the State. [A voice: "The League has done it." (Interruptions.) They all knew his views upon the Education question, and those views were founded upon thorough conviction. The present system was good, and with slight amendments would work well ; but it would be very unwise to introduce a revolutionary measure. He would resist any attempt to abolish Denomi- national schools. There was no doubt the Land question was the most important subject before the electors. He would not go back as far as Mr. Hungerford had done ; he would only go back to 1861, when Mr. John Robertson passed the bill that had given thousands of people small holdings which they could not have otherwise got. He was a thorough advocate for the principle of free selection. (Cheers and noise.) No doubt the provisions of that not had been greatly abused, and he would endeavour to do away with those abuses in the working of the Act. He had so often expressed his views on the question that he need not go into it at any great length now. He would slightly increase the area for selection, but he thought it would be dangerous to give 16,000 acres. Cheers and noise.] No doubt it, would suit his book, but it would not be for the best interests of the country. An increase of firm 600 to 1200 acres would be quite sufficient. There must be a limit, and he would fix it to that the capitalist could not take advantage of it. (Cheers.) They had better trust a man who had enough, rather than a man who was trying to grab all he could got. [Cheers and dis- turbance.] He acknowledged he had made use of Volunteer land orders, but he had a right to do so, as they were marketable articles. He admitted, however, that it was an abuse that was never intended ; but those who allowed the abuse, and did not correct it, wore accountable. (Cheers and noise.) He would do all in his power to put down the system of dummyism, and giving men a sufficient quantity of land would be the best way to do it. He was a thorough advocate for pushing railways all throughout the land, to be constructed on a cheaper scale, anàwopening up communication with the lands in the interior. A good deal of the revenue derived from the sale of lands should be devoted in this way. He thanked them for hearing him, and was ready to answer any questions. On being questioned by various electors, Mr. White e expressed himself in favour of increasing the reserves for travelling stock. He was in favour of having schools established wherever there were a few families situated. He would like to see the lands classified, but did not see how such a scheme could be carried out. He was willing to allow selectors to put improvements upon whatever portion of the land was most convenient. He would make a concession in favour of free-selectors, but did not see how the money could be refunded to those who had paid it. He did not see how the eight-hour system could be applied in the country districts to shearers and farm labourers. He thought labour ought to regulate its own market. He was in favour of doing away with the large pre-emptive leases, and of bringing legislation to bear in the eradication of noxious weeds. (Cheers.) The Refnraing.officer called for a show of hands, which apparently resulted in a tie for Mr. Hungerford and Mr. White. Mr. Hungerford demanded a poll, which was announced to take place on Thursday next. Cheering for the candidates, the returning-officer, and the Queen, closed the proceedings. ' 