Jtatteit Slrps. friday, april s, 1874. It is invariably the case that any new movement depends for success upon the character of the originators and the excellence of its principles. There are some schemes, when taken hold of by a few leading minds, at once in fluence the masses and leads'to suc cessful and beneficial results. There i are many institutions,that have been founded amidst much opposition, and threatened extinction through false notions as to the object aimed at; -but, in order to benefit mankind, mis chievous errors must be removed, and means used to raise the fallen and strengthen the weak. The proper treatment of inebriates has for many years been receiving public attention and various methods have been adopted in order, if possible, to check the drinking habits of the various classes of society. The establishment of an Inebriate Asylum in this colony is being seriously thought t of, and " William" appears to be the moving spirit. The subject has been taken up in earnest in the metropolis, and there exists a unanimity of feeling and co working which is highly commend able. This is due in a great measure to the esteem in which " William" is held, and confidence that he will bring the scheme to a successful issue. Such an institution is really wanted, for in stead of the dipsomaniac being treated harshly anil subjected to imprisonment and fine, he will be properly cared for, and the disease treated in a rational manner. A number o! such institu tions have been established in England and America, and great good has re sulted therefrom. There are two such asylums in Victoria, apd many who are thus diseased gladly avail them selves of the protection offered, and are after a time fully restored. While labbring under the disease they are powerless to resist the craving desire for drink, and too frequently they are punished with fine or imprisonment by the law of the land; but as soon as liberated they again yield to their appetite. Formerly the insane were treated harshly, but since their failing has been looked upon as a disease they have received kinder treatment, and the result is that about 80 per cent of all cases of acute mania regain their mental vigor and are fit to enjoy the society of friends and engage in busi ness pursuits. Of all the evils that afflict man's state, the self inflicted one of intemperance is the most potent and prevalent. There are societies at work to suppress- the evil, but in their organisation they are powerless with those who are confirmed inebriates— hence the necessity for establishing an inebriate's retreat. The reasonableness of such an institution is receiving favorable notice not only in the city but in other parts of the colon}*, espe cially at Kapunda, where a public meeting has bgen held in connection with the movement so as to lead to its establishment. There being nothing sectarian or denominational all classes can render assistance in furthering the object contemplated, and it is in that broad catholic spirit that the matter has been taken up at Kapucda. All sections were represented, and from the tone of the meeting a mighty effort will be made to reclaim those now lost to society, and to co-operate with those who have already taken the matter up. It is to be hoped that Clare will not be behind in such a laudable undertaking, but will at once endeavor to render assistance so that the insti tution may be inaugurated success fully. There are .hospitals and desti tute asylums, besides a number of other places where unfortunates are cared for and means used toi ameliorate their condition, and thus contribute to their happiness; but such places are not suited for those who are suffering from thirst madness. Under existing law the victims of intemperance could not be committed to such an establishment, but.the. law wall;.^0:davifot.,be altered so that there will be no clashing. Jn Kftpnndft an influential committee has been formed to assist the central com mittee in establishing the proposed asylum; but here no action has been taken, neither by temperance societies nor by those who are directly engaged in the work of reclaiming the fallen physically and morally. It is not pos sible that the ministers of this town will treat with indifference the appeals that'have been made-for sympathy and co-operation in this philanthropic movement. Both in England and America abundance of statistical in formation can be obtained as to the number of cases successfully treated, showing that dipsomania under skilful treatment can be. cured. In one asylum in New York State, which was opened in 1867, 1,017 patients were treated during 'the first four years. Out of 315 treated in 1871, 230 were* dis charged with hopes of permanent reformation in 184 cases. The reports of other asylums are alike favorable, and calculated to call forth the Ibelp of philanthropists and all Christian deno minations. In . this matter practical help is requisite. It will not do merely to talk about it, but the time has come 1 for united, bold, and vigorous action : as the only way to reduce the eyil. It { is nob'only the lawer^lasses who have ' sunk under theihfl&eiifceLof; drink and ' become slaves to appetite, but men of ' genius and learning are . among its votaries and are unable to extricate • themselves. Men have often for want of capital been prevented from carrying their plans into execution, but more ' frequently it arises from intemperate < haSits. The customs of society are : inimical to the temporal interests of ' the masses, and has proved a frightful 1 wen upon the body politic, for through * it trade has languished, and sickness ] and suffering has been engendered. ] The disastrous influence of intempe- i ranee on the social comfort of a great j many are well known, and all possible j reinedies should, be put in active ope- , ration. Surely there is enough patriotism j in this place that will lead to the for- , mation of a strong committee to co- i operate in-getting funds for the asy lum. If the leading men take the initiative 1 the people will .soon lend assistance, 1 and the scheme will be successful. i EastkrMonday.—The Clare Oddfellows and Foresters' amalgamated fete will take place on Easter Monday, in a paddock be longing to Mr. Hope on the White Hut road, about a mile from Clare. • The mem bers, in regalia, headed by a brass band, will move in procession in the morning from the Institute. At 12 o'clock the sports will commence. There will be tilting matches, foot and hurdle races, and men's walking matches, &c.;, during the day. A ladies' walking match "is included in the programme, and this being a novelty will be looked forward to with interest by " the lords of creation." lathe evening"a dinner vrill r take-rplace at-L&wsbn;& hotel in ddri nefction with the'a^c^e^^jbi^ties. To, the admirers of "the willow^ Re direct atten to. the match to be played at Mintaro be tween elevens of Auburn -and Hanson and Mintaro. For the horsey fraternity, Yorke's Peninsula, will,' 110 doubt, be the place of resort. . The annual races of the Peninsula are to come off on this racecourse midway between Port Wallaroo and Kadina. If the weather should prove favorable there is a possibility of these eports being well patronised. • Recreation Ground.—'The adjourned meeting of persons interested in the pur chase of ground for athletic sports* which was to have been held in the Cjourt-house on Tuesday evening proved a failure, as only a few were present and .no business was done. Education Board.—-At a meeting of the Education Boardj held on Monday last, the Third Inspector (Mr. Hosking) reported upon 25 schools in the Northern District, where 1,085 children were present. Four had nor blackboards, and about four-fifths had no time-tables. He spoke favorably of all other schools visited. A formal appli cation was received from Emma Snewin, North Gulnare, who began teaching on January. 19, with an average of SO pupils. There was no other school within nine miles.—Referred to Inspector. The District Council, Black Springs, forwarded the spe cification of a teacher's residence, the erec tion'of which they recommended at a cost of £250.—The Board granted £100. The Weather.—The rays of old Sol are becoming less po^erfu^'and the cold 'mornings remind ub thqt;&|i))mer hasgane. The season has been very favorable, es pecially for out-door operations. During the week thunder clouds have been rolling over head, giving indications of a coming storm, which resulted in a steady and soak ing run. There is at the present time every appearance of a continuation of wet weather. The rain has come at a very seasonable time, 'and will do a great deal of good in the country. The rainfall for the week is 1.100 inches. . . Imported Hobses.—During the past few years horse stock has wonderfully im proved, and some very good mobs have been brought to Clare, and sold at a high figure. We have just " seen about fifty head of splendid horses imported by Mr. Laurence. They are decidedly the finest lot ever brought to Clare, being of a good draught stamp and all broken in. They are the right sort for farm and general work, and are in good condition. It will be seen by advertisement that the mob is to be sold by Mr. J. W. Gieeson, at Tatters all's yards, on April 9. It is not often that such a good opportunity is to be had by farmers at the busy season for getting a supply. English News.—-London telegrams from the Adelaide: dailies states that copper oi all kinds is quiet at the late quotations. The present cash price is £86 to £87. The corn inarket is flat, heavy, and inactive. The wool sales closed firmly. The sales comprised about 169,000 bales; 6,000 bales hare been withdrawn during the past sales; 75,000 bales have beenSaken for export. The next sales will commence on the 28th proximo. Lambs, market firmer; greasy, do'; cross-bred, do. The Lincolnshire Spring Handicap, run on the 24th, was won by Tomahawk. At the Li/erpool Grand National Steeplechase on the 25th inst. Itevigny was the winner, Chimneysweep secondhand Merlin third. - A deputation if Irish members of Parliament has asked Mr. Disraeli to release the Fenian prisoners, and he had refused. A strike of 12,000 colliers has occurred in Staffordshire. The Aus tralian and American Steamship Company has been registered -with a capital of £600,000. ^his proprietory will take over the new line of mail steamers running from San Francisco to Sydney. The Yobke's Peninsu&a; Cricketing Association.—We understand that a writ obtained by the Yorke's Peninsula Cricket ing Association, limited, against Mr. W. 0\. Biddle, of Melbourne, the agent for the promoters of the visit of the All-England cricketers, was forwarded by the steamer ^dinga. The suit instituted is for breach of contract, and we are informed that Messrs. Stow, Q.C., and Way, Q.C., have been retained by the Association.—Register, The Fabm:.—The seaspn so far has been very favorable for agricultural purposes. The early rains started the wild oats and | other injurious seed,-and being followed byj ! mild dry weather the farmers were able to i use the scarifier to great advantage on fal- j lowed land, and now it is clean and in ! excellent condition for the reception of the I proper seed. The stubble land now being ploughed has quite a green sward, and just | in a fit state for being turned, thus destroy-1 ing the wholefM the weeds. It is therefore reasonable to expect that the general crop next season will be unusually clean, if care is taken with the seed. Some farmers are very careless in this respect. We have seen them sowing wheat mixed with drake and wild oats, so that when the season came round they were obliged to mow the crops for hay, Mb. Thomas Scott.—On Sunday last the remains of the late Mr. Thomas Scott of Stanley Flat were conveyed to their last resting place, at the White Hut cemetery. A large number of Mends assembled to pay the last tribute of respect to the memory of one who was well known and highly re spected. The procession was very large, there being upwards of 30 vehicles besides horsemen, and over 100 persons on foot joined the procession on the way to the cemetery. The Rev. R. Mitchell conducted the service, and gave an appropriate and affecting address on the uncertainty of time and the necessity of being in a state of con stant preparation for the solemn change. Lennon Stbbkt.—The traffic on Lennon street is stopped for a time, as the bridge is undergoing thorough repair.' The Corpo ration workmen have taken up the whole of the wood work, with the intention of raising it a few feet higher, so as to give aihple flow for the water during floods. The wet weather will retard the operations as the creek has now a considerable flow of water, and it will be difficult to fix the founda tions. Clahe Stbeets.—The streets and foot paths of the town are in.a frightful state now that ^ret weather has set in. They were so much washed away with, the late flood that the traffic since has cut through the metal, so that Main street will require j a heavy coating all the length. | Many of the cross streets are almost im-1 passable in wet weather, and if something is not done soon they will become a com- j plete bog. The footpaths are also much | worn, and would require a fresh coating of | suitable material. | Agbicultu&ax.; Statistics.—We have j been courteously furnished with proof sheets of the agricultural statistics of the colony for the last wheat season. The total yield I of wheat was 6,178,816 bushels, and the average per acre 7 bushels 52 lbs; the area under crop being 784,784 acres, showing a deficiency from last year of 2,557,096 'bushels, while the acreage this year is 24,973 more. We will go fully into parti culars in our next issue. Our colored friends love laige words, nor are their preachers wholly exempt from this affection. A local preacher at Washington, who also holds a position in one of the departments, Jutely observed that he " was to get de rest of his salary at the close of the fizzicle year." Perhaps he meant physical, but more brobably fiscal. A player performing the ghost in Hamlet very badly; was hissed; after bearing it a good while, he put the audience in good humor by stepping forward and saying, "LadieB and gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my numble endeavors to please jou are unsuccessful ; but if you 'are not satisfied, I must give up theghost." i 