???? THE COMIC 'GOSPEL. ' {From the Saturday Review.) [In .one of his. addrossos. to young mon the Uov. Mr. Spurgoon' said,' ' Fear God, nnd Jinle'i tho S'Uttrriny- lirvino'; and indeed that brilliant but cynical periodical seoms to bo anxious to merit the strongest enmity of all ministers of religion. Tho subjoined articlo is an apt illus tration of its pocnliar.;Rtylo -if doal ing with reli gions subjects— caustic, .grossly unfair in: 'many' LgO|JUUI», UlIU » 1UI tb l.t.l tlblll tblllUlllll; Ul bLIIUIl 111. tho bottom.— Ed. G.T.] , ,- . It appears that for somo months .pnst much excitement has been produced in' Edinburgh and other towns in Scotland by tlio singular exer cises of a couple of itinerant Amoricans-1— Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankoy. Por a vory lonsr timo no ontertainmont has liGon so popular in Edin burgh as that wliioh goes by' tho name of thoso gontlenion. It is attended by overflowing audi-: ences. Crowds of onthnsiasts follow tho porfor mors from oiie place to another, for it is part of their system to have ns much variety ns possible and to hold their meetings in all sorts of different; buildings, in town halls, locturo rooms, and : churchns of all denominations. Tho meetings aro held at all hours of tho day, and somo aro for young mon, somo for mothors, some f--r fathers,; othors for young women, clerks, students, or little children. Curiosity is stimulated by Imgo placards on tho walls, and several periodicals' command a largo salo by describing the perform ances. The nature of the oxhibition is stated in the following' announcement : — 'At 0.30 p.m. Mr. Moody will pronch tho Gospel, nnd Mr. Sankoy will sing tho Gospel.' Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey nroj Americana,- from Chicngo, and wo loam from ono of thoir orgnns that thoir visit to Scotland wns prompted by a feeling that tho churches thoro stood 'specially in need of tho application ofthoso brisker, livelier, inoro direct modes of n-pnonl which are charafitoristic of America.' Mr. Mmidy, wo are further told, is ' not a mini of much ndui'ntion or cnlturo ; his mannor is abrupt and blunt ; bis spooch hriat'es with Americanisms ; his voico is sharp, rnpirl, and colloquial. ' Ho is remarkable for his wnnt of sanctimoniousneRR, -nucl 'a play of 'humor npurts out sntuntiniPS' in his most serious ml dreRsea.' Ho interlards his lnctures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as the writoi1 putR it, ' ho has in his posacssioTi a lnrL'o number of inoidents and oxperieiicos well fitted to throw light on the points ho empioyRtiiom toolnciflate, and to clinch tho appeals wliioh ho uros them to enforce.' In tho intervals of Mr. Momly's lectnros Mr. Rnnkoy sings hymns. ' Abhorring tho notion of providing a musical entertainment moroly to please those who am not in tho King dom of God.' ho sonliR to move ' by truth ex pressed in the most winning tones.' It is also 'in snbsorvinnco to .spiritvml onds Hint Mr. ' Sankoy usos tho harmonium.' Snnkoy's Sncrod Solos nrosold by tho thousand ; and his examples and exhortations aro also snid to havo givon a given a groat impulse to tho trade' in harmoni ums. Tho sort of entortaiiimont which' is thus presented may be irathornd from tlio descriptions givon by porBons who profoss to have on joyed it. ' Wo-aro having a' vory good timo just now,' writes ono, ' old formality hns. got his nook broken,' 'On Friday night, ' snys; anothor, 'after Mr. Moody's solonin word, thoro np- i poavod to bo n great Bninahing np of souls.' The audiehco is altornnt'oly moved to 'laughter and tears. Tho' Goapol is proanliod, not r only with the pronunciation, but in tho dialect of Chicacro ; and tho result is no doubt something 'vory difforont from that to which Scotch Confrro gntinns aro accustomed. '''Jokes, 'slang, stories, and sensational exclamations nro frbuly intor sporsod. Mr. Moody's- strango acconts and ' spurts of humor' work np the people into a stnto of excitemont in which; it' is na enay to cry as laugh. A parable translated into tho languago of Artemus Wurd, and onlivmiod by touches of Yankee wit, is a novol sonant inn, and tho ofi'oot is enhanced by a sudden change to startling threats of damnation, and appeals to como and bo saved. Thon -'comes Sankoy's lively nolo, Bung in a vory good stylo to a moiody that might puss for secular in a worldly concorfc- rpom lint forwards. People who go only to lio amusod, as most of tho audionco do, are provided with a curious and racy entertainment, quite as good in -it'B'way as tho Christy Minstrels; Othors of an impressible tomporainont aro thrown into inoro or loss violent -paroxysms of hysterical emotion. Those who nro ncqunintod 'with 'tho history of rovivnla will rocogni.soin the agitation which has boon carried on in Fiflinbnryh and olsowhoro a repetition,1 in a modiliud' foriit, of tlio 'ordinary typo of tlicao disordura. ' Thoro are diflurfjiit mothodB of gotting intOxicatod, and this is ono of them; ' Nothing is 9iisipr than for a skilled ^nd^daring'bxpoft' iti rovivalisin to work upon tho'-norvos and, footings of Weak,, suscpptiblo persons' so as to throw tho blood' to tlio '' head, and bring on allthb syiiiptoiiis of ?violbnt'pxcito- nieht. ? Ono of Mr. 'Moody'a disciples : has desig ?natod; him tho ??'- -Lightning' Miiiistor of the Lightning'Oity,'' and-thero canbono doub't'.'tiiat i Inn nnrfni'mnnnn .Id nf * n' irn,ur Itritibi nrr -.'IriWrl ''-t'- Tn common revivals ' ihpro'';8h(iiiliiig ,aridrshribkirig answer thd- purpose' of ' tho';:operator8',1'buti Mr. Moody'soxoroisesnro of(alinoro)artistic'''qimlity. Frionds of tho movoniont, mingled with,1, tho audio'neo,' also lbnd'thoir aicl.'f-'Tliby pOiince upon anyone who! seenis'to* bb^niovod, 'and'.'poiir in their exhortations :; *aiid there :arb;.also1'privato room's 'tit wh ich ? ciisos 'of '-'dibtross ' aro !cdh v'o'yo'd , 'About forty,'' says ono account1, ?.''?'pbnfessbd that tlieyiweroconvorts;1 and about forty !:s'tqod up as anxions-to bo savodidnd worb'ask'odto the other side'of 'the hall, where tho'y were1 cbnvbrsed with.' 'A'soryiint girl is1 describbd1 ns-Hvoo'piiig j liko an- inundation.1 i Tlio'' workers' 'in' attend- ance on her hnd tb-kobp her cbiis'lantly ? ''sxpplipd with'-n changb'of fresh ? pocket-hiiiulkorchiefs arid dry, hymiv books: ? ' Anothor -timo' Mtiody ' callbd upon seven goritlomon on .the' plii|tf6rm;!tb toll the company how-they .'? wbro'savbd. '''Most of., them , wore '.woll- known : men, -a 'minister, 'a .cylonpl.in tho army, La morchdntyn sheriff, a doctor, n-noblomau, and a captain . in : tho navy. ?Tho, effect ; was : niarvollons;',' ? ' Prayers' were offered .up. for an 'uncle who is an' infidel,' for ' n.fainily.tj tho, father an avowed, infidol, . and .the mother and ohildreni.unconvorted;' for ' a clergyniaii of the Ch'ureh ,pf Ireland -who'.is im buod witirHationaliaticbrrbrs.'' , Atono of tho niftptings' tho' expofionebs, of , .'a , young; ilady,: woro given 'as'p'art 'of thet entertainment..- ',; ' For ah; lipiir sho sat ' in the greatest neon y ; ho'r hands' were^claapod', her .eyeballs tlookod as 'if they would start .from', flioir: sockets'.,';.. iEvop children ,aro, .wnrkpd'.'.jip.bii^jiittlodohildrari1 of , eight or nino-^with .all .ithp,terr,ifying,. formula of the' Epvivalist,achoi)].f, A.littlo,,' boy 'illustrated his faith, by','. remarking ;that, ,,if,! li'is i sister, re xoived ?an'oBei'.'qf.iiiajjringo'froiniii-veryirieh man who had promised .she- .should ,;live \ in : a Jino mansion, ..would, she 'not .be i.'yery'i foolisln'to re fuso such, an Dfferlf.'.At'one meotiing, wo aro told of ' a dear .little JjpyK.ahput. nine years, of- age, at'inost ten,: who was crying; as if,liis..littlo.hoart would brbrik,' : w'hilo a/f ,liiiidly fnther-l.ikP mnn' was . torturing' tho poor; child ,. with .tilings too deep for.him to understand.',,. Wo read of n book which , was sent , to. anothor child ^containing throb loaves— one whitpi.tiio .next blood-red , and the, .third whitp, Indicating .salvation. - 'You , can't have top much ,b'tpqd,}:' -isfMoody's' motto. . It is said to ? no .,too , Bonn; to estimntfl, the re sults of the; agitation which 'lias been carrioil on by. these oxpodionts ; luit-it'js:.not-,very difficult to anticipate what, judging from fornibr^oxperi onco, they aro likely.to bo. It is impossible to nnagino- aiyrthing inoro Unwholesome and ?denili- itating .than tlio. sort of, inPrbidoxcitement a'ii'd i»ystoncal,rapture which is thuslonltivatod j'fcnH in other: cases tho conse'quence'has invariably boon. arcactipn.of adoplorable kind'. ' iln .the! country districts of Scptkn-J revivals have usually, left their mark in antnici-onBe df''drurik'ennes's and a scandalous ' addition toitho HegiRtrar GonpraPs: statistics of illegitimacy. 'In Edin burgh, tho heat and fronzy havo probably' beoh less intense .-than might bo Supposed from the extravagant language of tho-organs of the movo meni, it cnn: readily bo nndpratood- that, as ono , of these papors says. ' hundrorls 'of young persons who woro formorly nccustomod'to go to tho theatre, opera, and pn-ntomino, givb thorn up dohheratoly, and from ohoicn and the fornn of conviction attended' tho pniyor-moetihgs ;' hut Hie ? explanation, in a great 'many chros is ' no doubt that the prayor-nioctiiiCR wwb found' tnbo 'J.or--V ;amusing and stiimilatinff.- One' of Mr. Moody s most 'screaming hits,' aa they siiv in tho ph«y-bills, -is a mocli' reproRontation of a court of law fimtlio'. trial of Jesus Christ. Ho asks tho congregation to consider itsolf a court of inquiry, and nominates.ono' 'of tho ministors' present to bo ushor and to. call in tlio witnesses, who aro thon pxiiniinod with Ynnkoo freedom nnd jocularity .by. Mr. Moocly. Pilrito's ,. wifois called Mrs., Pilate, innd among othor -witnesses- iiro tho Apostilos, .tho angols, and the Deity. Tins sort .of ronrin' fun goes 'boy oh il anything on tho stngo. . ,,Tt is hnrd to sny wheflier tho treat-, mont of religion in. this mniinor floes most harm ?hy bringing snored. thingainto ridionlo; by afflict-' ing somo feoblo .minds with idle agony, or by! overbalancing rothors with the inflation of self rightoous arroganco and conco'it. - Thoro'is ' not thn _ faintest ; traco of educated intolligonce- or spiritual elevation in Mr. Moody's harangues.. Thoy aro a more gnbblo of texts, intorsporsed with 'rotpsque or sensational ? anbedotos, .-and apined with vnlgnr American - slang. Tho most extrnordinnry foatura oF:t.he' agitation is. that it; should be .connived '. at and' patronised by the clnigy of -Edinburgh and otlinr ?. towns. It is obvious thut if Moodv and Sankoy aro right' in thoir mode of prunching the GoRpol, and- if tho rucpprr of tliPRo pprformances is'i'pallv a 'great awakening' nnd tho ' -powo'r of tho Holy Ghost in Scotland,' tho . ordinary sorvicos of ''religion must bo a mpinmoholv faroo; Evoi-ybndy who baa bnen'in Roof-land must ha-voiipoii stvnok with tho Rpvoro enriurnnce'and'fortitu'rln with which a Srot-eh .cnni-rognHon Ritsoiit, not only along arid dreary Rcrmon, but a RprieR.of nrnviirs which aro! tho worst Rnrt rtf RonnoiiR in rl'istrnisn ; anil it is not RurpriRing that the: Rrotoh lnitv' Rliould bo: thankful for a Tittle relaxation. ,'Bnt thatthiv ministnm Hiomsnlves shnnid como forward in this: manner to iiroelaim publicly 'that their wholo svstom is a fnilnrn and wnst'o of! tiino ia roally strnnirn. It must be still more, wonderful if, : iii Runporting and rpcommending Mesars. Moody nnd Smikpy. thov do not roo that they nro cori domnincr tliPiiisolvnR. Either a' gre.at' awakening is eonfl for thoir flocks or it is not ;; if it is, why, do. thoy not tako inonRureRto bring it ubout nil ' their own account ? Tho 'only. justiGcation which is offorod for tho econhtricitios and bnffoonerins of tho Ynnkno propaganda is simply that tho end justifies tho moans, nnd that tho great thina ia to produce an impression on tho public mind,' no matter how. It wonld appear, thoroforo.: 'Hint sarmons had better bo nbnndoned for si.ng-' irig nnd Rtorv tolling!- nnd thoro' ia no logical renson why tho reform should atop horo.;'The; banjo nnd the. bones might ho substituted1 for tjie linrinnriinin, nnrl Mr. 'Sarikey's sojoa might 'o i.cciiaionally varied -bv a lit'tlo' dancing. Tho Fnntoo Flip-flap Fandango would ho nn appro priate accompaniment to Mr'.' Moody'a ' 'spurts of humor' anil solont anondotoa. ' Tf it ir 'to' bo understood that it is tho buaineas of Christian churches to compote; as tho ''British Evangelist', holds, -with. ' tho ...thoatre, opora,. and 'pan to mimo,' why is the compotition loft to tlipso Amorioan ami tinmen 1 It is stated that Mosri-s. Moody and: Snnkoy may shortly ho oxpocted in London, but thoy will perhaps discover thnt their lino of business has already honn protty well worked at the Tnbnrnanlo and olRowhpro. Trstimonialh.— Tho Auckland correspondent of tho ' Oourior' enqujros :— Do you do muoh in tho ' testimonial' businoas down in your, warm pnrt.R ? Wo iiro groat at them horo. With ,us, if.a bank clerk or an omployd in a public com pany is 8tationrt(l in tho city for throe months, and loaves with his accounts all Rqnare (which ia ?not always tho cnao), ho gets ' an illuminntod ad dross, a gold watch and chain.' with a purso of 'sovereigns added. If the captain of a small sailing orivft mnlcos a passage'* nf sixty mile's' iri live minutnsnndor his dno timo ho gots a tpstinibnial and a pi^co of plalo for having mado tho qtriekps't yo'yngo on record. If ho ia two day's pr ,a..'wpok over his timo ho ^ots a similar te.stiinoninl . and present for tho admirable .sbamanship ho dis playod in cphtending against a, strong hoad wind. 