ORIGINAL CORRESP ONDENCE. INUNDATED LANDS. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald.) Sin,—Will you allow roe to ask, through your valu able mper, how it. is that the land situated south of Mr. Kinnear's home station, the land,that is reported as flooded at the last Land Board, is not open for selec tion? Seeing that it is good land, and fit for agricul tural purposes,, and not flooded as reported, I have pegged out for myself and three children 1,102 acres of the said land, and should very much like to get it as j .well as Mr. Einnear. I applied at the Land Office, j Echuca, and was told the land was not available. GEORGE WINDSOR. Echuca. 19fcli June, 1874. Gymnastic.—The value of gymnastics as a means of strengthening the body has long been known ; and a French professor of gymnastics, M. Paz, used to maintain, in the days before | the war, that tho French army, by reason of its gymnastic training, was " the only vali'1 portion of the population." It is reserved, however, for a Japanese to discover that one particular kind of gymnastics were serviceable as a pre servative against sea-sickness. In a Japanese account of European manners and customs, of which a translation was lately read by Profes sor Severim before a learned society at Florence, the author states that swinging forms a regular part of a European, boy's education, "in order that—having to seek his fortune in that distant lands—he may not sutler from sea sickness.'' The foreigners, " although good men of busi ness and excellent horsemen,'' neglect, accord ing to the Japanese writer, " that philosophical and literary culture so much esteemed by our own countrymen." Their habits of life, how ever, are eminently respectable ; indeed, they are as clean in their persons as the Japanese themselves." Finally, jealousy is an unknown passion among them ; and " so inuoh allectioi) subsists between man and wife that it is quite a common tiling to see a European married couple walking arm-and-arm in public." A female somnambulist in Kansas City was mistaken by a gang of burglars for a Ghost, with the effect of putting the tliieves to igno minious flight. 