FICTION. pFwom EnglUn« Amcrlcani and other Periodicals.) ALEAPKTHEDAKK; OB, WEDDED YET N0 WIFE. S y MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. PART II. CHAPTER IX. THE DAWN OP THE NEW LIFE. On the stately turrets and ivy grown towera of Montahen Pnory, and on the two- story wooden box of Mr Duke Mason, the light of a new and glonous day shone. The storm bad passed with the night. The June sunskine flooded sky and earth, the birds sang blithely, the busy town was astir, and at his painting room window Duke Mason sat, gazing blankly out, and seeing nothing but darkness and desolation He waa going to lode the Duchess It was all said in that. Polly-his bright, beautiful, laughing mis- chievous, trouolesome little Polly-was going from him, to return no more. For fourteen happy years ehe had been the joy, the torment, the delight of his life-now she WSB to be taken from bim Aud what remained ? He had intended to send her away to school himself, it was true, but that sort of separa- tion would have been diffeient, She would still bave been hu, belonging to his world, and one day .he would have come back to lighten their dull, gray colored life with her sunshiny presence again But now she was Lord Montahen's ward, and heiress of eighty thousand pounds, and as lost to him, almost, sa though the coffin lid had closed upon her He sat there, unshorn and unwashed, neither bandsome nor interesting to look at, but with a sor- row as profound, a despair as great, as the venest hero of romance could ever feel He had not been to bed all night He and Rosanna bad sat Bide by side in the little kitchen, while the storm clouds cleared ayvay and the rosy morning 'broke, not talki ig, and with the sam< thoughts uppermost in both minds-Polly was goin¿, aud for ever. Wofully gray and grim Rosanna looked in this new day's sunshine, but she went about her work without tear or sigh, hiding her trouble deep m her beart, as few women do, and feeling it aU the more bitterly. And upstairs, with bar flushed cheek resting on one rounded arm, and her sunny curls on the pillow, Polly slept, while her new life dawned with the new day. " Who was it that came at such an unearthly hour last night *" she asked at breakfast " I heard doors banging, and people talking till daybreak it seems to me And here you and Duke look as solemn as a »air of white owls this morning Rosanna, what is it all about'" Tbey put her off with some evasive answer It «ras impossible to tell her The blow must come, but it was beyond then; strength to inflict it them- selves. Selfish, perhaps-but are we not all selfist in our love and our sorrow ? 'The morning mail brought Duke a letter-a foreign letter-and.mclosing a bnef note addressed ta " Paulina Lisle " Duke laid it aside that name .moto him like a blow-ano read his own No words could be more manly, more grateful, more kindly, iban those of Robert Lisle, but the decree of parting was irrevocable By birth and fortune Paulina was . lady. As such she had her plice to fill in society -in that world to which Lord Montahen, as her guardian, could present her It was all quite right, Be felt it plainly as any one, but the pang was none the less bitter, the pam none the less acute He sat there for boura, with that open letter m his hand Rosanna sat idly by the kitchen fire-and when hud Rosanna been idle before ? Polly had gone to make an early call upon her friend Alice, and talk about her new clothes and her new school prospects-the ticking of the old clock sounded preternaturally loud m the blank stdlness And so, when, at half past eleven, Lord Moiitttlien reached tlid house, and Knocked at the door, he found them Roaanna's face betrayed no surprise when she ad- mitted her distinguished visitor Yes, she anwered, Mr. Duke Mason lived here, and was disengaged, and would see him She ushered the peer into the bombie parlor, and Duke got up, and put his letter in his pocket, and went slowly down stairs " I see by your face, Mr Mason," his lordship .aid, quietly, "that you know the errand upon which I bare come You have had a letter from California by this mornings post." "" I bave, my lord." " It is doubtless painf ul to you to part with your adopted daughter after all those years, but the thing is inevitable. In any case, yon must have lost her sooner or later. Mr. Lisle is unbounded in his ex pressioHS of gratitude and respect for you. Haye you told her yet - does she knowJ" " She knows nothing, my lord- I cannot tell her '" Some of poor Duke's pam yvas m his voice and face as be spoke. " She thinks sall, as she thought from the first, that she is the child of a dead cousin of my own. You will kindly undeceive her-you will tell her the troth. It will not be a hard task, such plea- sant news '" He spoke a little bitterly-his heart was very sore. Lord Montalien looked at bim kindly. " I am quite sure the young lady will sincerely regret the change of guardians-t'fie news u plea- sant, beyond doubt, but she will not leave her old friends without sincere regret. Mr. Mason, you know store of this young girl's nistory than even I do, for yon knew her mother ?" Duke started. The eyes of the two men met the scene-painter's, startled, alarmed ; the peer's, keen, sharp, intelligent. " Don't distress yourself, Mr. Mason ; I am not .bout to ask you an > questions. I had much rather, indeed, not bear the mother's name. It is a very painful »tory-IBI us hope the worst is over." He spoke with a certain grave earnestness that mad« Duke think he at least suspected the truth. He averted bis eves uneasily. He longed to ask for Lady Charteris, but dared not. " Is Miss Mason-nay, I beg her pardon," with a .mile, " Miss Lisle in ? I should like to see her. I presume you have no objection to my telling her at once?" " Certainly not, my lord, she must know it at once, of course She will be in presently. May I ask bow soon-" He stopped, ashamed of the chok . ing tn his throat. t "I shall leave that entirely to you and her," his Totdabip answered. " You are aware it cannot be postponed long, but I shall no t hurry her away. She ia to go to school. I propose sending her to the Convent of the Sacred Heart, in Pans. I have a prejudice against fashionable boarding-schools, asa rule. Had I a daughter, she should never enter one ; and I believe those nuns of the Sacred Heart to be the best teachers and most accomplished ladies Wider the sun. But, for a few weeks, if she chooses-" de did not finish the sentence. The house door opened, a quick, light step crossed the hall, a fresh young voice trilled a merry tune, the parlour door opened, and Polly herself stood revealed < Lord Montaken looked at ber earnestly. What did be see ? A tall, slim figure, two flushed cheeks, two bright blue eyes, and a head " running over with curls.'' She paused short, her song dying away in s sort of consternation at sight of so unlooked for s visitor. Duke rose up and led her forward. " My lord," he said, " this is your ward. Polly, I/ord Montaban has come here to see you and tell you some wonderful news. Try and not be angry with me for keeping it from y ou so long, and when you have heard all read this letter." He put her father's note m her passive hand, and went out of the room. Polly sank down m the chair he had vacated, with bright, large eyes of won- der. Lord Montaken took ber hand m both his, and looked at her with a smile that went straight to her beert "You have your father's face, my child," he said. " I liked him the moment I saw him first, and I kke you." "My father'" the girl uttered. "You knew my father, my lord ' Duke's cousin ?" "Not Duke's cousin-no tie of blood or name binds yon to this good young man, who has brought yon np. Your father is alive * That letter you hold Is from him ' and you are Polly Mason no longer, but Paulina Lisle'" Sha grew ashen pale, and began to tremble. Wh»t was this she was about to hear ? The hand lord Montalien held grew cold in his grasp. " Ho need to tremble-no need to fear, my child. My news is wonderful news-the best of news for you. Tour father lives, and has sent you a fortune. ¥ou are the heiress of eighty thousand poands, and I am appointed your guardian. Miss Paulina Lisle, let me De the first to congratulate you!" She fell suddenly back in her chair. Lord Mon- talien started up in alarm. " I nave ¡tola ber toe abruptly-she is going to faint 1 I might have known it i Whom shall I aJl?" He was going to the door, but she put out one band, and motioned him back. " Wait," «be said, in a voice that trembled. " I «hall not faint." She sat up bravely as she spoke, And tried to -smile, with lips that quivered. " Please go on, my lord,- tell me all." And thin, j till clasping the small, cold hand, still looking kindly in the pale young face, Lord Mon ¿alieartold her " all." How fourteen years before he bad come over from America with Robert Hawksley -«£ the story Robert Hawksley had told him-of the promise that had passed between them-and of iow that promise was to be redeemed-of the for k tone that was hera-of his guardianshirj-of her new \ name-of the new life beginning so brightly. \ She had heard all. He paused, still looking at **& woad*liaK inwardly what manner of girl this ehfld ef srtteec was. She sat quite still, quite pale, tie lend tiek.tack of the kitchen clock almost pau> fully tudiblo the sunshine streaming unshadowed in among Rosanna's roses and geraniums. At last she spoke, to ask a question, looking at the nobleman beside her with big, »olemu eyes ' " Who wai my mother9" "Ido not know," he answered giave'y: "your father never told me her name !" " Doe» Duke know ? ' " I cannot tell ; I think it probable. But my dear Miss Lisle, there may be reasons why you shouhl not know." " What reasoDS ?" "Reasonsimpossible forme to explain," his lord- ship sud, turning away in some embirrasoment from I the gaze of the innocent eyes. "T:ou can n°k Mr. Mason, however. If it is right you should know, he will tell you " " Right ' A daughter should know her mother's name!" the girl repeated slowly. "My lord,you have told me about my father-my father who left I England five months after his marriage, and never J returned for two years. How then came I to be given to Duke Mison-how came he to know any ! thing about me ?" " Your mother gave you to Duke Mason, of course ' Lord Montalien feltrither awkward as he answered -the large bright eyes still solemnly scanned bis face. After all, telling this young person her own story, was not so easy a matter as he had thought. " My mother was à lady, you say " Polly's heart thrilled as she said it. " Of high birth and station and wealth, and she gives me away to a poor mechanic, and never comes to see or ask after me again. Lord Montalien, is my mother alive ?" The situation was growing worse and worse Lord Montalien felt more uncomfortable than he ever remembered feeling m his life. " I have reason to believe she is," he answered slowly. "Why did 6he not leave everything and go to America with my father when be came for her ?" " Paulina-I don't know. Yes I do-I'll tell you the truth come what may. She did not return with him because-he found her the wife of another man'" The girl's very lips blanched at the words. " The wife of another man ' She thought him dead then ?" " She did f " He did not seek her out and undeceive her p" "No, be left England again and returned to America. Don't blame your mother, my child ; she thought him dead ; she was coerced into the stcond marnage, beyond doubt, and if alive still thinks y our father dead. How Bhe came to give you to Duke Mason, Duke Mason will tell you himself. She had cogent reasons, be very sure, and ehe could not have given you to a better man. Rest contented with your wonderful good fortune, my dear, and don't ask too many questions. You are a great heiress now-try and think of that '" " " A great heiress !" the girl repeated, and there was a world of bitterness in her tone, " a great heiress and yet poorer than the poorest, with a father and mother alive whom I have never seen, never may see-a mother who casts mo off in my infancy-a father at the otner end of the world 1 Lord Montaken, you may not tell me, Duke may not tell me, but I feel it here '-if my mother is alive I shall find her out 1" She rooe up, striking her hand lightly on her breast, her eyes shining with the fire of inspiration " I shall find out my mother, and ask her why she deserted ber child' For my father"-she looked suddenly at the note she held-' will you permit me, my lord ?" He bowed his head silently She opened the note and read It dropped from her fingers, she coveied her face with her hands, and the tears fell, thick and fast Her moods were the moods of an April day, sunshine and showers, bnght and short-lived She looked up at last and dashed them awav, smiling radiantly. The color came back to her cheeks, the glad sparkle to her ey es, the joyous ring to her voice She was rich-rich beyond her wildest dreams She was a young lady of birth and fortune Lord Montaken was her gnarann All the visions of her life were realized-more than realized Was she dreaming or awake ?* " It is like a fairy tale," she said, " like a story from the Arabian Nights. Oh, my lord, is all this true you have been telling me ? Am I asleep or in a dream ? Lord Montaken got up to go with a gnuie, hold- ing out his band in farewell. " Good-bye for the present, Miss Lisle. I Bhall call again to-morrow. By that time you will pro- bably have convinced yourself that it is a very pleasant reality. You, and your good fnends here, shall fix tbe time of your departure. I shall not hurry you, but I shall certainly expect you during your stay in Speckhaven to be a constant visitor at the Pnory." Polly thought of Allan Fane and MissHautton, and flushed all over her fair face. " Or why not make your home altogether at the Priory dunng the few weeks you remain," urged Lord Montaken. " IL is your home now and for the future, you know, and I need not tell you how charmed we all will be " .' And leave Duke and Rosanna '" Polly said, look- ing at bim in wonder. " Oh, no, my lord. Tnauk y ou very much, all the Bame." " At least you will come to see us every day '"' Polly shook her head. " You will dine yvith us, then, once before you go. Don't be obstinate, Miss Lisle, and force me into the role of tyrannical guardian so soon." " Well-if you insist-but-" Her reluctance was very visible It was not shy- ness that he saw. If the gul had been bora m a palace her manner could not have been more simple, more natural, more unaffectedly easy. What was it * Lord Montaken wondered. " You know some of my people, I think," he said, ' Francis and Guy tell me they are acquainted with you, and Allan Fane is quite an intimate friend." He was watclung ber closely, and the rosy light shone again in the sensitive face. That was it * Ibe peer understood at once that Mr Fane had been quite an " intimate fnend." " When I come to-morrow," he said, moving to the door, " I shall fetch Gnpper- Gnpper's your lawyer, my dear-and he has come down here to draw np the necessary documents appointing me your guardian, and to explain to you the circumstances under which you coma into your fortune. They are somewhat unusual, but considenng your father's story, very natural. Now, my dear, good day to you. Don't lose y our appetite and sleep, thinking of this fairy fortune. But where is the use of advising you 9 Of course you will." Polly laughed. She was disposed to like this plea Bant uew gu irdian already, and, indeed, it was no hard task for most women to like Lord Montaken She watched him out of eight, then she went slowly into the bouse She opened her letter and read it again Her father lived, and from over the wide sea spoke to her those sweet solemn words of fatherly love, the first she bad evei heard Again the great tears welled up into the blue eyes She stretched forth her arms with an involuntary cry : " Oh, father ! father ' Come home '" Only once in the letter he spoke of her mother. " Your mother Uves, my child,,' he wrote, a lady of rank and title, the wife of another man. But in your heart there must he no hard thoughts of her. Weak she may have been- guilty never. She be- lieved, believes still, that Robert Lisle is dead-as I am to her. One day I may return to England and my precious daughter." She kissed the letter, put it in her bosom, and went in search of her friends. Rosanna was hustling about the kitchen, looking unutterably grim and stern, to hide all she felt. "Duke's up stairs," she said cuitly to the girl, and turned her back upon her. Strong-minded the epmstei undoubtedly was, but she was not strong enough to bear the sight of Polly just then. Duke was painting and smoking furiously always a sign of great mental disturbance He looked round from bis work and smiled, rather a ghastly smile of greeting. " Well Duchess '" " Well, Duke '" She c ime over and stood beside him, resting one hand caressingly on his shoulder. No need to tell her what Rosanna's guinness and Duke's silence meant, ehe understood them peifectly, and loved them better in this hour than ever before in her life " Who knows but I have been a prophet," the Bcene-painter said, still try ing to speak gaily. " You may be a Duchess yet, Miss Lisle. I suppose it is the correct thing to call Lord Montaken's ward and the heiress of eighty thousand Mies Lisle." "Duke!" He dropped his brush and held out his hand. "I wish you joy, Duchess-upon my soul I do' And I hope y ou'U be as happy in your new life as as I have tned to make you in this. You're going away, my dear-going away to come back no more, but I know you will never quite forget Duke and Rosana." His voice broke. He dropped her hand and walked away to the window, to hide the tears of which his manhood was ashamed. Two white arms were about his neck in au instant, two warm lips impetuously kissing his averted face. " Duke . Duke ' dear old Duke I the best, the kindest friend ever was in this world ' Forget you and Rosanna ! Why, what a homble little monster you must think me . And I don't know what you mean talking about my going away, never to come back ' If I were Queen Victona's ward, and heiress of fifty hundred million pounds '" cned this impe- tuous y oung woman, "I should comeback just the same This is my home-at least until my father returns from California to claim me His right ia first, and most sacred. Ob, Duke ' to think, Polly Mason should ever have had a father !" Duke smiled m spite of himself. " It « extraordinary. I should have liked to have told you ages ago, but you see I was bound by pro- mises to both, and dare not " " Promises to both. That means my mother, I suppose"" " Your mother. Yes, Duchess." " Tell me all about her, Duke. My mother ' how strange it sounds I What was she like ? Was she handsome ? Am I like her ? That sounds conceited, I am afraid, but I don't mean it so " "She was-she w beautiful, and you are not in the least like her. You have y our father's face and ey es, and a very good face and eyes they are. Her eyes were black, and she was smaller than y ou." He spoke dreamily, thinking of the great, despair- ing black eyes that bad looked at him so lately, full of woman's uttermost woe. " Duke, I don't think I like my mother ' She must have been weak and cold- hearted. Why did she give me up ? Why did she marry that otner man f I I bate to think of it even. Why was she not faithful through all things-to death-to the husband and child she loved *"' The girl's eyes flashed-the ro»y light so quick to come and go, under that transparent skin, lit her gipsy face once more. " Don't you blame her, Duchess," Duke answered, gravely, "since she did it for j our sake She would Eave preferred death to marrying Sir-, I mean, marrying again on her own account She sacrificed herself for you. lou were taken from her at jour birth-she knew yo« lived, but nothing more, and she yearned to possess you. She feared for you more than she feared for herself-for your future happi- ness, life even, and when you were made the pnce of her sacrifice she consented. She had borne im- prisonment, even cruelty, rather than yield. She was never more faithful to the husband she thought dead than m the hour when be saw her at the altar -the bnde of another man, for she sacnficed her own life to save his child. Sha gave you to me-with me she knew you would be safe, at least, and she dared not keep yon herself. Your mother is the purest, the noblest, the most injured woman on earth, a martyr, Duchess, sa surely as ever suffering made a martyr I Don't you blame her-I cannot biar to bear you." " lou loved ray mother like this, Duke - I "~l ruvi.rt.nced hei, Miss Lisle I pitv hei n<l nevtr pitied my one in my lue She isvuy, very unbippy ' " U-is her husband unkind to her J" " I am nfr ud so, my dear And Bhe knows you live, and she loves you and mt st live apart from you, and deny you a mother's care. Is that not enough of itself 1" " Duke,' Polly said, entreatmgly, "tell me her name Do ' Let me go to her-only once, ever so sea etty, and kiss her, and tell her I lovo her, and am sorry tor her too Do ' Oh, Duke, if y ou ever cared for your little Duchess, whom you are going to lose, I tell mo hei mine 1" She clasped her arms once more around his neck, she coaved him with tears and kisses. The strong man trembled under that clasp. " I can't Dutchess-don't ask me God knows I would refuse you nothing if I could, but it must not be lou don't know «bat you ask-be content Love her as much as y ou like-she is worthy of it all, and hope for tho best, but the day v.hen you may know your mother and go to her is not yet Look here-I hive kept this for you for fourteen years Your mother gave it me on the night I saw her first" He drew forth the opal ring, and slid it on one of Polly's slim, rmgless fingers. " It is yours, my girl-wear it for your mother's sake" " And it is all I may ever know of her," Polly sighed "It is all very sad and very strange. I used to think it would be beautiful to have a his- tory-to be a heroine of romance, and now I am, and somehow it Boddens me more than anything ever did before. To think that I should have a mother who dare not acknowledge me-that some day I may meet her, and look at her, and not know her. To think I should have a father, an exile, a lonely, solitary wanderer in those wild, far-off lands, who has lost wife and child through no fault of his, and who may never return. Butl will go to him, if he does not come to me. Yes, Duke, when my two years' school life are ended, if he does not return to me I will go to him. It will be like ' Elizabeth and the Exile of Siberia* over again. And now I shall go, straight this very moment, and answer his dear, darling letter." Whict she did on the spot, dashing off page after page in an impetuous, running h uni. There was no end of love, and no end of blots, and scores of notes of exclamation, and doubtful spelling and grammar, but when one's heart is full to over- flowing, and one is a young person of sixteen, what does a little broken orthography or syntax signify ? Polly's heart was in tile rifcht place if her words were not, and probably Mr. Robert Lisle, out in San Francisco, smiled a good deal over this epistle, even with the tears in his ey es. The news spread like wildfire. Before the sum- mer stars came out that night every man, woman, and child in Speckhaven knew that Polly Mason was an heiress, and not Polly Mason at all. The heiress herself had rushed headlong to see her friend \hcc, and tell her tbe wonderful news, and exhibited her nng and her father's picture, which Miss Warren had seeL scores of times before, and promise her un- limited jewellery and dry-goods, when she came into her fortune. " And when I leave school you shall come and live with me, Alice, if you are not marned," Polly cned, "and when I'm gone, you must write me long, long letters,and I shall ask Lord Montalien for enough of my fortune to buy a locket for my picture, and some of my bair to leave you. And ob, Alice ' I don't believe I shall ever Bleep a wink again for thinking of it as long as I live." Her dreams were rather broken that night, and it teemed to her that the new day would never dawn. She half feared the whole would meit away in the darkness, and she would awake to find herself little Polly Mason again instead of Miss Paulina Lisle Paulina Lisle' she repeated the pretty name over and over again, with intense childish ecstasy. She had hated her name of Polly so, she had so longed for some beautiful, stately appellation, and lo ! here she had it. I believe her new name gave her tenfold moie pleasure than the thought of her noble in- heritance Lord Montaken came over next day with Mr. Gripper, which legal gentleman produced docu- ments tied with red tape, and read them solemnly aloud to his bewildered little client. It was all Greek or thereabouts to Polly, except one or two conditions which her mind grasped in passing. She i was Lord Montalten's ward until Bbe should come of i age or marry. If Lord Montaken died before either of those events, the power of appointing a new [ guardian was vested m him. And m the hour of her marriage, whether she married with or without the consent of he) guardian or during lier minority, her Jortune became absolutely her own from thence foith. This was the proviso which his lordship had men- tioned on the previous day as unusual. It was easy enough by the light of Robert Ltsle's own history to understand it-it was to save her from her mother's fate. How little he dreamed in providing that sav- ing clause for the happiness of the daughter be loved, how much trouble and shame and remorse it was to cause her in the days to come ' The people from the Priory called upon Lord Mon tahen's ward with congratulations and coi dial ex- pressions of good-will. Mr. Francis, whom Polly did not like, Mr. Guy, whom Bhe admired and liked very much and Sir Vane Charteris, who repelled her with his coarse mouth and fulsome compliments. The girl wondered why he looked at her with such intensity, his small black eyes seeming to devour her. His little daughter came with him, beautifully dressed, and much more gracious than on that other memorable occasion. Sir Vane expressed his regret that Lady Charteris could not have the happiness of making Miss Lisle's charming acquaintance. Lady Charteris was ill, confined to her room -a nervous, hysterical attack, but would probably be able to travel on the morrow, when he proposed returning to town to consult an eminent physician on the state of her health. MIBS Lisle listened very coldly, she disliked both him and his daughter, and was re- lieved when they went away. Miss Hautton also called with her kinsman, Lord Montaken, elegant of costume, indisputably high-bred and patrician, but looking more elderly and faded than ever by con- trast with that fresh, bnght face. Mr. Allan Fane did not call-he was eating his very heart out with rage and baffled love. Retribution had come very swiftly to the tailor's ambitious son. Lord Montaken's ward, obeying the behests of her guardian, spent one evening at the Priory. Only one-Duke and Rosanna must nave all the rest. She went dressed in white tarleton, (white was the proper thing for a heroine), with a blue ribbon in her amber curls, and a blue belt around her slim waist. And she looked lovely ? The white arma and neck glimmered through the flimsy tarleton, and tliero was a flush on her cheeks and a light in her eyes She enteied those stately rooms a guest, an equal, she who had been Polly Mason last week, and she sat at Lord Montaken's right hand at dinner, and was the little queen of the feast. The dishes at tnat dinner were of " such stuff as dreams are made of." Sne had things put on her plate, and she ate them, and wondered inwardly all the while what on earth they could be. She drank some sparkling Moselle, and.she had a skce of pine-apple, and did not make one single mistake. She was not awkward, she was m no way embarrassed, neither was she in the least forward. Altogether she was charming, and Lord Montaken was secretly fasci- nated by his little ward. " How true and clear she nngs," he thought ; " if she had been bred a countess her manners could not be more simple and perfect. What a charming little rosebud she is, and how gloriously destined to bloom in the future " Allan Fane sat opposite "Miss Lisle" at dinner, with the faded eyes of hw high-born betrothed fixed icily upon him. He was pals and cold, he sat silent at the banquet, with the fabled vulture of Prometheus gnawing at his vitals' This beautiful little heiress might have been his, in this hour, and he had given her up, and bound himself to a woman he did not and never could love. " It might have been." He bad wrought his misery with his own hand. If Polly thirsted for vengeance on this re- creant lover of here she had it. But she did not, she had met him with a smile of perfect piovoking good humor and forgiveness. He was so utterly indif- ferent to her now that she had no room* m her heart for him, even to wish him unhappy. He might marry Miss Hautton to-morrow, and she would go to his wedding with pleasure. He knew it too ; no woman's ey es ever looked so frankly into the eyes of a man tor whom she cared one straw. . In the drawing-room after dinner, with some little urging, Polly sang. She did not mind singing at all, but she only played accompaniments of her own, she did not understand the piano. " What does that matter, Miss Lis e," said Guy Earlscourt; " who cares for the accompaniment. I know you can sing-I've heard you," Polly laughed, and blushed at the remembrance. " That song has haunted me ever since, I assure you. Sing it again, Miss Lisle, and exorcise it." He led her to the piano, and she obeyed. Her sweet clear voice filled the rooms. With proper training that voice alone might have made her fortune. She sang again " County Guy." ' All County Gay ! the hoar Ii nigh, The ino bia left the le*. The orange flower perfumes the bower. The breeze Is on the lea. The lark whose lay baa trilled aU day gita hushed his partner nigh Breeze, bird and flower, conlea* the hour. But whare la County Guy ? He was beside her, bending over her, his dark dreamy, Italian eyes fixed on her face What did Guy Earlscourt think of her ? In days to come did that sweet youthful face haunt his dreams p In the girl's memory that night lived for ever, the first of er new existence, and there were hours when Guy Earlscourt's dark face rose up before her like the face of a reproachful ghost She never forgot it, nor bim, as he steod there beside her, the dark beauty of his Southern face, and his jet black hair, such a marked contrast to her own. How handsome he had looked ' How happy she had been ' 8he had reason to remember it-bitterly m the years to come. Allan Fane, hovering afar off, took his punishment m sullen silence He bad lost her himself, but that was no reason why he should not be savagely jealous of every other man on whom she smiled. Guy had been his warmest fnend-he felt as loyal towards him as it was in his shifting, selfish nature to be loyal to anyone, but be could have murdered him to-nigbt. This girl, his father's ward, with her noble fortune, her peerless beauty, would be one day Guy Earlscourfs wife, and he-he looked with sullen, angry eyes at Diana Hautton, with her three-and thirty years and her faded face, and he walked out of the room and out sf the house. The soft summer ram was falling, be never heeded it He lit his cigar, and walked up and down under the fragrant trees, up and down, up and down. It grew late Miss Lisle was driven home-she insisted upon it he heard the last sound of the wheels that bore ber away, and then he flung himself on the wet grass, face downward, and knew be bad lost for ever the bappmess of his life. 