"SHOW" TRAVELLING IN THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. Mr- Hanry Stanley, who lately left this colony for Bombay and India with Mr. J. C. Burners panorama of tbe American War. HP®*'*? his departure favoured me with a short sketch of tbe latter part of his travels to the Cape Colony, In previous communica tions he advised me of his adventures on the gold mid diamond fields, and taking up the thread of his wanderings from that point he writes" Having concluded a most pros perous season at the African El Dorado I started for Bloemfontein. the capital of the Orange Free State Republic, and I was much struck with the sudden change from the roughness of a digger's town to the highly civilised city we soon entered. Bloemfontein iB a perfect oasis in the Great African Desert. The business here was very good, and the patronage afforded ns, from the. Lieutenant .Governor downwards, was most liberal. Here, as well as at the diamond-fields, the discovery of gold at Leydenberg has caused a great reaction—the storekeepers and would be diggers are in a ferment, and I anticipate, before many months have elapsed, that there will be a great rush from all parts of the country, but in my humble opinion it will not he a safe undertaking for some time to come. Food is very scarce there, and what little there is can only be obtained by heavy payment. No one should attempt a journey there without capi tal. There is already a population of some 400 souls, and as very few have been successful, a difficulty is experienced by many to obtaining the mere necessities of life. I hear that some few in Australia are facing of making their way to these fields, but my 1 adviceis to stay where they are until more extensive ground is'opened, and more reliable information can be given than that circulated by interested storekeepers and publicans. Anyone venturing there would have to battle not only with bad food and chances of bad lack, but, in one season of the year, with a low, malignant fever. That there is gold— and, from appearances, to abundance—is the opinion of many skilled miners, but that it will take years to develops itself is also the veiy general sentiment As it may be of future interest to* many "to Australia, I will Btate'frolp experience three different routes j frdm the sea coast to the gold diggings. One from Port Elizabeth (Algoa Bay) through the diamond-fields to Leydenberg, the capital of the El Dorado; a second from Durban, Port Natal; andthe third by way of Delagoa Bay. My object in mentioning these is to warn any intending gold-seeker from attempting the latter. Delagoa Bay—or rather, Lorenzo Marques, the town—and the country for some 180 miles in the interior is the hotbed of a fearful deadly fever; the whole country is one Vast swamp, and marshy decay through, out the whole district. Out of a party of 21 diggers who left the diamond-fields for the gold-fields, and attempted to return via , Delagoa Bay, 18 of them died from the terrible disuse, and the remaining three upon their arrival at Durban (by the sea from the bay) were perfect living skeletons, and I am sorry to say that this is only one of many instances that I could mention of the dnnpyy of this route. But here I am still at Bloem. I fontein, playing to excellent houses. I next i opened at Weuberg to tolerably ■'} big j audiences, and then drove in advance of the waggons, took the wrong road, which led me into that cohntry where Lahgabilete, the powerful native chief.was in rebellion agalriBt tbe Government of NataL Tou may easily 1 imagine my feelings were riot of the liveliest description when 2 discovered that I was in a rountry uhder martiallaw, ana that the British troops and local volunteers wfere out, wifcn strict commands and injunctions to fake the rebel chief dead Or alive, and to effectually, if possible, destroy the whole of htt disaffected tribe. I was for three days in this dilemma, not .knowing what anhonr might have brought forth, but luckily I found rnyway put of, i(: at last, and arrived .at Harrismith, a small and rinimpbrtant town ori. the, boundary of the Free State Und Natal—then to Ladysmith. At neither of the two last places did I perform, as therfe was' not sufficient people left to'form, even a. tolerable audience—the bulkof the male population being engaged dther with the .troops or the yolunteeie in the interior.' r .then made my way to Estcourt, BuBhmarih'S River, aud70 mora mijes of travelling brought me to Pieter mantzberg, the capital of NataL I stayed here for one toonthrind then went to Durban, we; lastfdpou to South Africa -where I ex hibited the* dibretom , My trip has upon the Whole been eminently satisfactory, eapedallv froma mo^tary p^r^ew. .Wl^e were in Durban the Harvey, Dougherty, Leslie, and Brabam minstrels arrivedrEut were com pelled to waittill lhad dosei to obtain the hall for their entertainments. TheTrafalgar hdl *5 Itop P®1*, statable building in the town for WAudienbe of any number worth speakingof, Themiristrels are very sanguine of success, and they deserve it, as they are a really talented company. AtPortEUzabeth toerofe at present (or at least was whenI\Vas there) a_ perfect avalanche of amuse. ®entB-~<£ptain Disney Roebuck with bis theatrical company from Europe doing drama and bafteeqne: Mr. and Mra. p'A^ Read and hia "Ghost," Mr. and Mrs. Woodroffe, the glassblowers, and the Japanese acrobats. Tfear South Africa is sadly overdone with "showB" for some tame to come. D'Atcy Rbad is at a stand still, the theatre and hal) being engaged for some time to dome. Mr. and MrsrWood roffe are shortly returning to' Aragrict but their old fides achates, Mr.' PeaOhman. re mains behind, and Is now landlord of an hotel at' Graftreinit, arid is doing' veiy weli, Cltiqa'tbur.' iyith eyi Arm Ipftm t!hA wltffAMhl'. from'mis, ffrr.-TT7 iif cA&bfyox;, 