TWELVYE MONTHS OF MY LIFE. 'I think'I have said at thi beginning of this history ,that I was not verywise n my youth. It was owing to miy want of wisdoni that I.did nob that dlayj delare my enggeoment and go home to-tt m'o ill bhos . ]' had an instinctive feeling lhat, my ecreot told, I should'inot !have been dotained at;Eldergowan.: II do.'not think it ..wasoiokedneas;- it.was only iweakness and blindltno Sthat made moedecide. phremaining. ,After an hour of doubt and'coifuaaion I persuadedmyself that what had startled mehbad: been only in, my, own imagination. Nothing 'had boen.said but what was meant in more kindness., Mlajor Itatteraick was no foender of me tian :he need be. Yet. must have been consCbus Of lurking '.danger, forI sat on the corner of my bed for loig'after "'that, rubbing up mny diamond ring with a little bit of Lamy gown, and :trying to convince myself logically that Lukeo Elphinstone was a worthier man than lMark' Hntteraick, Now, when I came to think of it, there. . -was nothing commendable about Mark, except his mistle, which certainly did one good, his' sympathetiol good nature, and. his eloquence when he chose to talk. , As far'as talking went, hie had the best of it; for Luke had no stirring stories of 'defeats and victories, mpsia ands watch'fires, to seact quiet blood leaping;"and'though he aws quite asngret a demolishe' of other determinations, he' did 'not'nail you to his wish like Luke, but had a 'pleasant trick of 'miing your will 'ip with his till you did not know your own when you saw it. But, coming ::.as far as this in my reckoning,'I found that the balance _was getting all on the wrongside; and I had to begin again. : Lauko :did'not 'smoke .so many cigars; he was anot so inconyoeniently tll; he.had a better nose by rule than iMark Hatteraick ;, and. when' he,awore,;t 'was 'qqutietly. betwea.i histeeth. After this I'woro a littloe ' likeness of Luke an a safegnuard, and every day I studied it, having' first' adjuted' the i'roionlored .apectacles through which I intended to behold it. In this-way-I "left myelf not ttbo shadow of a doubt that Luke's dark i~keen: eyes and fine 'gal? features were' a much better sight ithan n'any fawny beard or 'nui la?ighiig'oyes; and I need notbbe at all afraid of this roldierolf duty in the' omagnificent good humor of his summer holiday. So I ,told myself every day in the saunshine of my chamber at Eldergowan with flowers in my breast, and the birds all singing around me. .Isaid it so often that I found my* self too wise to require ito frequent repetition. '.I left ,off examining Luke's likeness. :iMrs. Ilatteraick tiad d '.qlight illness, through Which I nursed her; and'in her tonvalescent chamber I druew someeow nsearertoelark, through her mediui, I think'; for I kitow she loved me :well Sitting at his feet by her chair,'something went overy far wrong within'me.' 'I seemed to let go some staff with which I had walked pretty straight till now. ffy life's boat,' sailing down a summer river, got into a glamour of light that hindered my seeing; and I drifted on in. a golden dismay. Some agony mingled with the sweetness of my unthinking existence.. I forgot that I was Luke's promised ;vwife; but he came to remind mu of it. - . ......'. . It was. one hot evening when we re- all gathered together under an awning on the broad steps in front of the house, Mrs. Hatteraick's invalid chair in the midst .of our group.. Nell had her arms roub? my waist; and Polly was on her uncle's knee. 'Nothing could hbe more snug and good thantbhat hour; .nothing could be more insanely joyous than I was: At Polly's request, Uncle 'Mark told us the story of a battle. He grew very grave, as he always did before speaking of such matters. He stared, [moking, ' awhile at: the, distance of orange horion .and purple wood; and then a light came into his eye like the gleam of a sword, and he began to talk. Presently we held our breath, for we were in the thick ,qf the affray, and our attention was centred on one solitary figure in which my excited fancy discerned my brother Dick. Lifo was particularly sweet to this young soldier; the thought of home was tugging at his hbart strings. His eye Waos, on the fo, but he saw also the 'anguished face of his already widowed love; his enr was open at the word'of command, but it heard alE .weping farewells and blessings. . How shall I describe this story, which made us all and ' Everything sweet in the world was striving to dim his steady glance, and make a coward of him:ithiile he led on his band to a forlorn hope and death in'the moment of victory.. Ali, well, he was cut downn The shout of triumphwas snatched from his lips..g Then camoithe dying injunetion to the friend, the moang inmessages to her, and to her, and to him, the striigl?fgr' resignation; and again the pitiful yearning for the linedfaces, the sad groping in •the dark for the touch'of' hands never to be grasped again. Oh, the landscape faded away, the warm clouds, the rich greeneries; the.sleepyfake, and the sun shone only on a red field of blood and riy dying brother Dick. I alipped'from HNell'sermbrace, and hid myself in my room.. When had I wept before The tearI's hed then washled the golden dust out of my eyes that had blinded me all these weeks past, and I saw myself as I 'was, untrue in my lieart.to Luke Elphinstone. Mluc unusual joy hlied turned my brain; 'a little natural grief hadl restored ma to my senses. Great fear gave me courage, and I felt quite strong when I returned slowly .down the stairs. The nun was shining through the oriel window on the wide low landing above the hall, and many colors were wandering blissfully about this nook, whichwas a sort of. a lingering place for idle feet at all hours of thebo day. ' Many an important question had been decidedihere, and many a conversation: held, one gouip leaning againat the carved corner of thi banistor, \- and another sitting on the lower steps 6t the upper stair. Here wias Markc Hatteraick oow, waiting for me. "I did rit'iinesn' to' b'cruel, a'attie," he said ; "it is such a common story." Ply courago shook under the fervent contrition in his' eyes.' My heavy hand lay in his clasp. S:could see, from where I stood, the hall and thoe open door framing a little bit of lawn and golden sky. While I stood so, even as Mark Hatternick's fingers were closing round mine, a figure appeared on the threshold below, and Luke Elphinstone's face came between me and the light.. He had driveiaover from the mill-house with a ,commlssion from my father.to fetch me home.' It was S.all quite natural and right, and he brought news which •ought to have given me pleasure. Sylvia had arrived at last;, iiy'dead b'rother's almost widow had coime to pay her long-promised.visit to'heor almost sister. I was completely sobered.- I put. on my bonnet without' a murmur, oven to my own heart. Major Hatteraick scanned the' nwelcome messenger coldly, and I shunned his cluddded eyes a I said my hasty goed-bye. "You will return,'iysu will returnlt theyall cried, hanging pound me at the door. -f You must return," whispered '.titrk aittoraick, vehemently, as 'ho crushed my hand in'farewell; but I said, "Ho, no," under my breathl as I drove away with Luke . ... •:i - CHIAPTER IV. "h, hbairn,-but you'e alovely woman I" said'Elspio; as she hugged ao on tho'stairs" "I lit a wee hit fiire Sii your ain room,' and put her in there.::. She; might ha' given us a word a' warning to hare anitler ready." ="'I 'had thought of that befoire, but I had no time to reflect upon it now. It was quito late in tihe summer evening darkness watt beginning 'to chase the yellow dusk from the passages, and .there was a slight chill in the air. Mly room was shining with firelight when I entered, and a white' figureasitting by the hearth, the face bowed dowdin'tho handsa?' This:wos Sylvia; but the picture presented was so like the Vision of my mother that had shocked me as sorely some meaontls ago, that a little cry broke from my lips. The first motion of her hand of aurito dispelled tho illusion, hit my superstitious fancy assoui'atd thloneofortl a feeling of dread witl my first glimpse of Sylvia Ashenhurst. A blytho laugh answered my scream. "Did I frighten you" she aid, "sitting at your fireside like a ghost I" She was quite at home at once. I know that she was a good many years older than me-four ar five at least-hut I was not pro, pared for the motherly manner she assumed towards me from the first.' Hier sweot petting ~ay was Vcry grateful ttl'me,'who. nerotaihad had 'a i?oUtne or a sister. SPretty, pretty'y.' ttid," said shoe; passing her soft slim h and round my iuoic. ",Luke told me yonwore: imanll i'nhd'ijalin; but Ilu imitwa y'Ey ruino." 'On odoesnt ?ece sueC bright'esea'nd'wan'ci rle in London. Youn are 2?'of. a'piece with the .'dolitlanus whiteness and lavender . scent of your, room, a perfect incarnatnlion aof the fresh pUre. countrynir.' ." ' ' I drank this'swoeet perase, and received her warm kiss wtth'dallglit5 proud of wiining admirdtiin from anyono '" .ldvcly an 'Sytta' herself. '. udt when I had timeo to think I found mytlhad spinning with wonder. I had not known tlhat Bylvia ad Luke had ever met, yet she spoke on imfdmiliarly by. his Christian name and two years ago lie had soken' to her about me.. And I rmmoilrlod stely, when I wans 'fo of the enchanting f her pres co, tat she was' not,the sort of Sylvia I ,pad booked, to sea at all. From what I know of her saryI had- ipeolod som e one dri-pite and'sabd,rnh' seonld'roquiroato bn chcered nd'ichnrish'ed. I ttillvwore iy black gown''formyhbrethenrand thet sobernieisa st:-spirit whelh, I ad petl onniwth it .I'had never ~iuto 'bakcsrralf,'- ht fv.is lookid. d slp ek anti thepatlh from her cradle had been one track'of sunshine.- I felt some indignation at her brightnels till I saw her again; She wasasitting in .the parlor window with her back to the sun when Luke came in to breakfast line neit morn ing. .Showas. dressed in a thick white wrapper girdled -withlluo,rand 'in fua.had hung some ripe cheries pen dint from, her.brooch. The sun fell on the golden ball lf haiior en the erowne 'ofher 'headLiind strayed round with loving tuches to thei light ripples on her forehead. There waia a luxiirious grace about all the outlines of her fair:soft face and splendid figure; and much picturesque 'feeling ito her attitude." She fascinated me-vilth every loolk and word.' - My father.surveyed herover rthe edge of Ihis morning'paper, and I knew that it took him longer than usual to, ascertain, the exact price of yarn from its columnse because Sylvia was sitting.there so charming, ; -I fidgetted about the breakfast thbol,keep ing ,my-face to the door that I might see thb meeting betweenhor and'Luke. Itpj lced me to think that he should have known herall this timneand aot'have falldn ini lovb with her'instead of me. But whieneiulokeime in thereo'aiso nthig foe jealou's eyes to dis?cer: '"Th'ere was a?'col:polit' greting;after whilch Sylviarsparkled the wholo'o' broakfast time.. I-.had:ne'ver:seen cmy fatheri saoamusd before,:but 'Luko wasaalmost grim., Why. I kept wondering, had honorer mentioned her, eome.toa-noel-.. .The whole household was thn better ,f Sylvia's come ing. 1fy, father,. who did-not often takinmouh'lheed of women, was nmused in spite of himselfby her liveliness; which was never noisy or 'obtiiviv bt' had ah knack of comitog' behind dulncssunirawares; and :trippiog.' p' its heels' t the delight ~of veryenon' Th '.nervants, the faro7albih ris - en the doeg and cows, liked her; .for bher 'pctting'tiineenierised ?the 'animals ai much as her wordsand' smiles did human beings. - For me, shd amused and boewitched ie from morning till-night.. I thought the sun shone on the mill-house as it had never shone before. - Only Elspio, held aloof .from her, and eyed her with diastrust. .','~leep a sharp eye on Luke, Mattioe" said my old nurse, "for it's m mmiid if him self were far awa frate the mill-house, yon yellow-rhaired lassie wvouldna take the trouble to sot the house agee as she's dmin' I" No. one elseo could. have ventured.to speak to me so, but Elspio. had dried my.tcaris?too often not to know that she might 'say What she pleased. I could'not see with her eyes, however. Indeed I thought Lulk sreemed to have conceived an uncomifortable dishko to Sylvia, and'I more than suspected that she saw it: -I chid him for it oiseday.. My intercourse with him 'bad-ben so slight, since Sylvia's coming that I had to make an op. portunity by taking my hat one morning and forcing my escorterupon him as far towards the mill as the wooden bridge.: "-You might try to.bo kinder," I said, for, Dick's sake." "FPor Dick's sake," he echoed bitterly; "I wonder if she remembers whether he had red hair or black." I was surprised at this burst, for there had never been much friendship between Luke 'and my brother. "In -Dick's time," he went on, "she could speak to one without a grimace. Now I am sickened by her perpetual frivolity." "You know her in Dick's time, then a" I asked, quietly. "Did she never tell you so 1". he asked in surprise. I said, "' No ; she had never told me anything concerning herself;" which was true. He colored up and was silent. I liad never seen him guilty of a blush before. " I used to go with Dick to visit her when I happened to be in London doing commissions for your father," he said, presently. "Tihat was when I was a penniless devil, just appren ticed to the mill, whom bliss Ashenhurst does not condescend to remember." "She remembers," I said, "for she mentioned once that you told her I was small and plain." ..- Oh, she recollects' that, does she I" he said, with a laugh that had an unpleasantring. "Well, does she think you answer to the description, I wonderl She did not expect to find you an engaged woman, .Mattio." "She does not know anything about that," I said. - "Indeed, you have been so little at the mill. house since she came that bothing of the kind' has occurred to her;'and I-have never made occasion to tell her," said I, blushing to think of the exceeding dislike I alwaya felt of thrusting the informtation upon anyone. I thought that Luke would see this and resent'it, and I gave a very troubled glance upward. But lie was not looking at me. "Don't tell her, then," lie said, turning to me with that narrow look across his eyes and brows which often spoiled.his face. "' Promise that you will not toll her tell' I give you leave." -I was pleased to be?ablo to comply willinglyfor hbe had often found me stubborn enougbh, and just now I was trying to do my duty. - I promised on the impulse of tlie momeent, without stlpplng to wonder about his 'motive. And yet, many a time after this, I longed to open my heart to Sylvia, and tell her all my trouble. I longed. for some one. to mourn over me, and chide me for wishing' that I was buried with my molther in the Streamstown churchyard. I longed to pour out the rebellion ini my heart, and be answered by some other monitor than the rebukes of my own eonscienco.' And still- I was thankful on the whole to the promise I had given Luke for obliging me to keep my own counsel on the subject... I could scarcely hare told Sylvia'of my engagement without letting her know, orat least guess, my unhappiness... And where would have been the use of that 1 Since for my father's good I bad bounodmyelf to Luke Elphinstone, I was also bound to be a true wife to him, and, both for my own sake and his, it were a bad way to begin by revealing to a third person the repugnance, with which my heart turned from the lifo that lay before me. For there was no escapo from it that -I could'sce. ' My father was getting an old nane, and his health was foiling;' he had never been the sam, since those. days when ruin had stared him in the face. His head grow confused now over the details of business. He was nerousa and timorous, where he had formerly been bold and sanguine. He leaned upoi Luke, and as his ?owers failed himlhe clung to.and loved, in his un demoestrative way, the youth and streingth, the indistry snd long.headedness, that carried his younger partner from beginning to- end of whateverr undertaking he engaged in.. I felt this when the little book foull of grim figures, over which it had been his custom to pore with energy the livelong evening, was handed over to Luke, while my fathoer himself lay bock' in his chair'ad slept, like a man whose'age was assured'of ease, whose house was, Well propped and guarded, and Whoso fireside was free of care.' He already counted Luke as his son; and me.he treated with indulgence; forby me hoe had gaindd th?t snn. - :And meanwhile the days were lengthening, the sunmer deepened, roses increased.and multiplied, 'and the hay was sweet in the meadows. .lfy year was That-hook .of figures above mintioned.wana an e cuse fdo Lukircemiining in the diningroom almost the whole of"tho long light evenings. My father liked his.doing so, liked to rouse up now and again and see the younger, stronger maei thus alive to the interests of.busines ; it was a sign of thrift that pleased his eyes, just as his waking ears sere also charmed by the recurrence of the homely, monotonious purring that sounded drowaily from the ? distaht betling.house, whoseo.whol: turned night 'add day. Sylvia and I were busy contrlying.baby-clothes for a poor womni'ain one of the cottagesand we made taii foi burselae" atan e?d window ine the drawingrdeom, which'connieandod s vi?w bf the mUil'sottlemeht. "Prom thbeiice we could see th1o son setting rodly behirid ihel ll covered with dark firs, dishiig the sycamores near as with nruddy gold, hanging a lustrous haze ovor the little wooden bridge till it looked like a.bridge in a dreaon; and opening, up wonderful rhambers of colorin the smoothdileep tide of the river. Luke solieetlmes earnu in for a cup of 'tea. ' Heo and Sylvia got 'en' so badly together, however, that we haud pleasanter'tidds when he stayed away. At first I hadtholuglhtheseemedbent on charming him, as it was her nature to love to please everybody; but her efforts had been so clenrly thrown away that of late she had given them up. - As theutime went on her bright spirits fell away;- sheo grew.slleht iand sad, sometimes oven discontented and pettish; shek ceasod.to takeoany interest in the things that at first hadi delighted her. I thtaight she was tired of the dulness of the inhilhouso, and longed to get thick to~:Lbndon. Nor did I wonder at t1i s when r, whbahould hiav? lovhd the mill.houoe as my home, felt the chill of its tnio s~phlsro even in the lhot bright days of'aummorwvith Sylvia's companionship.. Outside all nature was gay; folds ripened, and gardens flaunted with flowebrs .Ibut within, tihe spell of melancholy tbhatbelongedtI the house never had hung so lheavily as it did now,wh?n Sylvi haed been about three weeks our guest. Gradlally this conviction dawned 'npon me, that owe weore veorse now, as we formerly had been better, for Sylvia's preseace amongst us. - S ( To coliint.iul.) - Tue DE Te Or A TuiratlOa hlnR oERO George Tevans, of TRiabunaa, Spring fay, is rcertod: ly the tloBari Tosra-.le'curpi. The deceiaed, who is S ycars old, enjoyed perfect hlthc ; and wasabluto go aliut till .within the last.week. :He served with iNelsoi at the battle oTra'falgar, s?ueatuontl ly emigratel:to Sdny1 and ultimately arrived inTanmantiria 81 , is . , 