— MISCJBLLANEOUS. Gobkespohoenck sbronght to light wiQiin jlhe.past fewdaysshows (says the Adelaide^ to^iy^^^nt of the Argus) hpLS- heen done towards punishing tlie- lSacks -who took part in the Barlow CreA ouferBge in February ' sdotl M^-possible after tbe . ev^^Pol^Ja»oper Gas&n;,r armed 'with ^ wanants for the arrest ©i certam of the | * ajB8ailaiit8a -and - bawig with bim as many white men as he could muster, sallied Icntb feom-tihe Etation to do what ; was needful ina'strildng 'terror into the one or fcwb' trashes with blacks, biit'^'ifie-tiEBttlte' do not appear to have been vOT^JonclnBive. The latest affray v lot&iplsoe; iii liie vdgbbotbood of Cen - ' tral Mottnt Stuart, where Hie party came npon a pretty strong encampment -rf the dusljy sons of Ihe soil. . A fight : ensaad, and three blackfellows were «hot. ^ Upbn examination ttiey were xec^nised as ha^ring been hangers-on l^ ^to ^ahrow Creek Station, and the 'whites returned swelfing with triumph at having succeeded in wreaking ven geance npon the ^nurderer of poor Sta . platoin. As the fcst telegram received . from Gason did not satisfy the Commis- . doner (U to the ^booting of the three native, the'follbwing telegram was sent . from Adelaide r— ' Re these Uacks. Are^tb^ dead, and are all or any of them the natives named in the war xant ?' The answer was somewhat equivocal i—*' Yes ; natives shot were not mentioned in' the warrant, as they were Dfit known by name, bat can be identified - as having been seen on the etafibri before the attack.' The rejoinder -)?fithfe %fainission6r was as under : — ?^Wfcfe thc^r snth the attacking natives when the assault took place ? If not, why did yon try. to arrest them ?' This premptoiy enquiry brought Gason np to the scratch, and .he replied, ' Yes, they were with: the attacking party.' The contributions made on behalf of the wi^ow and family of Stapleton, the chifif^victim of the unfortunate affair, haye it .may be noted, reached about £li50. A. stim of.£20 has been sent &om; the Victorian, and of £58 from the New Zealand, Telegraph offices. The ?BoUortit Courier has got another solution of the Tichborne mystery. Onr; ' contemporary in its issue of Saturday I writes ' On: making farther enquiry in reference to the man Jackson being ATthur Orton, we have met with some very 'strong rebutting evidence, and which, if we are to give credence 'to it, leaves it without a donbt that the claim ant now confined at Millbank is the genuine Orton, and that Roger Tichbome will never more be seen on earth. Some ' time ago, when the claimant's legal &?- VJBerfe were first moving on his behalf in 'this part of the colony, a man, whose name bas been given to as, offered to prove — for a consideration — that he was actually wrecked with the real Roger Ticbbornej that they were drifting about the sea in an open boat j that the ship wreckekl men were -driven to audi des perate extremity by the pangs of hunger tbfr*. they cast lots who - ahould die and serve as food for his companions. The lot was cast, Roger Tiehborne was the ? ? r: v*ctim, and as grimly put by the men, who feared to confess to an act of can nibalism, Roger Tichborne ' disappeared.' It need scarcely be said that this was not the 6ort of information sought by the claimant's agents, and of course the man'6 story was pooh-poohed ; bnt we we understand that be is still to befonnd in the colony, and could verify his hor rible account of tbe fate of the Tichborne heir. As to Arthnr Orton, there was recently a man in Ballarai who was working with Orton, in the same bn-cber'6 shop in Hobart Town, and who afterwards accidentally fell in with Orton at Wagga Wagga, where the claimant bad then assumed the character of I'c Castro, and begged bis quondam associate not to'disclose tbe fact that his name was Orton.' The CixAimxnt, Oeton. — The last in telligence of Arthur Orton has been communicated to ' Asmodeus,' tbe sporting correspondent of tbe Pioneer; by Mr. Inspector Clarke, of the London A Division. It is as follows : — ' The inspector saw Arthur Orton a few days ago in Millbank prison, and his hair has turned a greyish sandy hue, the exact hair of his brother, Charles Orton. The Governor of Millbank does not allow the use of a dye— an act of cruelty which, I am sure, if Mr. Whalley knew, he would bring it before the notice of the Houbb of Commons.' Tbavklijng on Sfnday. — The Bathvrst Free Press reports that on Tuesday two men named Smith and Yates were summoned by constable M'Guire for travelling through William- street, on the Lord's Day, with their waggons. Mr. Rotton, chairman of the Bench, .said that for his part he would not fine the defendants, as the Act under which they were summoned was a very old one, and was not known to many people. Whilst Dr. Palmer was in Bathnrst this subject was discussed, and he (Mr. Rotton) was of impression that it was then decided that those who were com pelled to travel on Sabbath through the town, could do so by passing along the streets on the outskirts, and he did not think they \should be punished for it. The rich could drive through the town in their buggies without being molested, and- why: fine tbe poor men who drove their waggons through the ^streets on the same day ? He was not agreeable to fine these men until this Act was amended. Mr. Stranger, his brother magistrate, said that he dissented from the remarks of Mr. Rotton. It was ad mitted that these men were following their ordinary avocation, and those who | drove about did so for a different reason. ; He considered that Buch a practice should be pat s atop to at once. The defendants were each fined Is. and -5s. 6d. eosts, which sum was paid. What is a ' Puce ?' — A profoundly interesting and important question has just been decided at the Court of Com mon PleaB as to the meaning of the word ' place' in the Act for the suppres sion of betting-houses, 16th and 17th Vic,, chap. 119. It arose , in a case stated on appeal from the decision of the justices of Chester, convicting the appel lant af occupying a place and using it for the purposes of betting. It appeared that on the 14th of July the appellant was on the Chester racecourse standing j on a stool -2 feet. 6 inches 'high, over j which was a large umbrella of the ' gig' variety, capable of covering several per sons, the stick being made in six joints, like a sweep's brush, so as to be taken to pieces, and being fixed in the ground by a spike. It was a showery day, but the umbrella, it was proved, was kept open wet or dry. ' On the umbrella was painted in large letters, ' G. Bows, Vic toria Club, Leeds, ' and a card was also exhibited bearing the legend, ' We pay here all bets first past the post.' The question was, whether Mr. Bows' stool and umbrella together constituted a ' place' within the meaning of the Act, and the court have decided that they do, and affirmed the conviction by the magistrates. The spot, they held, was ascertained for the time by the spike of the umbrella being put in the ground, and it was certainly a place. Indeed, the court were not clear that it was not an ' office.' The umbrella, which was capable of covering several persons, was ' practically an open tent.' The words, ' We pay here all bets first past the post' meant, ' If you will resort or come nnder this umbrella here iB a place where yon will be paid.' Great import ance, it Will be seen, was attached to the fact of the umbrella being fixed to the ground. A very nice question of law would have arisen if Mr. Bows' um brella had had no spike, and had been Merely held over his head by an attend ant. Would his stool alone have con stituted a ' place ?' and if not, would a camp stool, armed, as some are, with a spike, differ from an ordinary three legged stool in this respect ? — Pall Mall Budget. . What litigation has cost Miss Frances Hodgson, of Fitzroy, was hinted at in tbe Equity Court (says the Melbourne Age) when Mr. Jones was trying to com pnlsorily sequestrate her estate. One of the committee of a building society was put in the box, and said his society had purchased Miss ~ Hodgson's estate for £26,000. They had paid her £21,500 of that 6um, and the balance of £4500 would be paid as 6oon as a deed that had been sent to get the signature of a resi dent in California returned to hand. ' What has become of tbe balance?' was whispered to one of the solicitors in the case. The reply given was, ' Why, it has gone into a very proper channel — to the lawyers.' The Case of the Aheeique. — On the 14th ultimo tbe French Transatlantic mail-steamship Amerique, from New York, was discovered about sixty miles to the S.W. of Ushant, by the barque Auburn, of Sunderland. Hie Amerique had signals of distress flying, and, on sailing Tound her, it was observed that she had been abandoned, and was floating about the ocean under two close-reefed topsails and the foot of the mizen, but with scarcely any way npon her. As there was a heavy sea running at the time, the barque kept near the derelict until an opportunity presented for board ing her. On the chief mate of the Auburn, with the boatswain and two of the crew, going on board, they found the j water about a foot above the flooring of tbe saloon berths on the port side, and' on sounding the 6loke-hole it was ascer tained that the eight feet of water there reached half-way up the fire-doors. The Amerique had sprang a leak, her fnrnaces bad been swamjied, and tbe passengers and crew taken off by three vessels which bore down to their relief. These ships were - the Michigan (British), the Alad din (Norwegian), and the Elisa Qaeirolo (Italian). From the fact that no attempt was made by the masters or crews of these three vessels, it might be inferred that all hope of saving the Amerique appeared futile. While the men from the Auburn were surveying the condition of the derelict, a boat from the Spray, ?steamer, of Hartlepool, from Newport to Gibraltar, went alongside, and it was resolved to make an effort to get the Ameriqne into port. All the head sails of tbe ship were set, the wind being N., with a strong breeze, and tbe Spray com menced towing. At 8 a.m. on the 16th, tbe master of the Spray telegraphed to the F. T. Barry, steamer, to render assistance, and the two steamers suc ceeded in towing the Amerique to Plymouth . -Breakwater where she was subsequently taken into the harbor. An application was made to the Conrt of Admiralty, on behalf of the owners of the Amerique, to release the ship, on bond being given to the salvors. It was agreed that the valne of the vessel should .be taken at £155,000 and the cargo at £85,000, or together £190,000. Bail having been tendered and accepted, tbe Amerique was released, and left Ply mouth for Havre, at which port she arrived safely. There were three sets df salvors, namely, the owner of the Auburn barque, whose crew were tbe first on board the derelict and left two hands to help the «ther salvors, and tbe owners of' the Spray and F. T. Barry. In one case the salvore claimed, as a compensation, £100,000 ; in another, £50,000 ; and in the third, £5000. The sum total, there fore, claimed for saving the Amerique and her cargo is £155,000. — Mitchell's Register, May 15. Trenchant, but Tbue— The session is now almost closed, and the Ministry have succeeded in getting throngh it. If the mere retention of office by dint of truckling to every opponent, of abandon ing every principle not at once tested by a majority, of surrendering every clause in every measure which attracted the slightest hostility, and of 6tifling every bill whose continued existence threatened to shake them in their minis terial chair — if that be success — then indeed they have sncceeded. What is now the boasted offspring of Mr Stephens' brain, the great liberal party's wonderful Land Bill which was to cover the face of the country with smiling homes ? An abortion at its birth, surrendered to be mangled out of all knowledge by every dog that has a tooth, its poor palpitating remains only await, and are likely soon to receive, the final stroke which will crash it out of being ! Mr. Stephens' great Land Bill no longer exists — but he has managed to remain Minister; its identity is lost — but be is not safe ; it will probably shortly give up the ghost altogether — but he will last none tbe shorter. .The Lands Frauds Bill has been slaughtered without an attempt even to pass it off as an attempt at success. By this course the question of dealing with dummying is not deferred. No mistake could be greater than to suppose so. The qnestion is practically settled by the great Liberal administration in favor of dummies. No Ministry ever pretended to have the same mission, or the same inclination to grapple with this scandal as the present Govern ment ; and the country can rest assured that after this open abnega tion of their self-imposed duty by this Ministry, no other will feel boand to force their inclinations,, in order to deal with the difficulty. When Mr. Stephens arose in his place to move the discharge of this measure, he might as well have proposed in as many words, that all dummies shall get their deeds without any more fuss. Let him place that result as a feather in his political cap. Where are Mr. M'llwraith's rail ways 9 What has been the fruition of Macalister's mighty schemes ? There is a survey party somewhere between Gympie and Maryborough, who are very comfortable. Tbe Brisbane and Ipswich railway was surveyed ten years before its construction was commenced, and then a fresh survey was made. Let Gympie and Mount Perry hear, and moderate their expectations. What has been tbe outcome of Mr. M'llwraith's great reputation ? He has discharged Mr. Stanley on the strength of it, and rests contented on the laurels so acquired. It is useless to continue. Were we to pile words on one anotlier till sleep should overtake us — and our readers, we could not sum up the de merits of this Ministry, which made so brilliant a beginning, one half so thoroughly as by endorsing most fully the opinion now so frequently expressed, that Mr. George Thorn has proved to be the ableBt of them all. — D. D. Gazette. Dickins and His Wife. — The history of Charles Dickins' marriage is simple enough. He was at that time earning about thirty shillings a-week, and met Mrs. Dickens, then a moonfaced, fair haired, even- tempered, ronnd-waisted, good-natured, but very common-place English girl ; one of those women the height of whose . ambition is a large ; family, a little cottage, a new dress, a j big bow and a merry Christmas. She { was an honest, virtuous, simple-minded, slightly romantic woman, whose heart was in her home. Charles Dickins at tbat time was a young man of a very nervous temperament, with unbounded self-e6teem, and who would have made a good husband had he not been successful. It was after the birth of their second child tbat Dickens began to realise the 'importance of doing something to add to hi6 pot mi feu. He . himself has often described with what fear and trembling — having a sick wife and two crying babes to provide tor at home, and au un limited number of small creditors watch ing him — how he approached the great big, yawning editor's box of Chapman and Hall, and threw in his first two chapters of ' Sketches by Bob.' How astonished he was a few days after to see i an advertisement requesting ' Buz ' to I call on the editor, and with what joy and trembling he returned home and told his wife he had been offered £20 a chapter for his ' Sketches.' The era of Die- I kins' ' Sketches ' constituted the hap piest days of l^rs. Charles Dickens. : Often has the writer heard how Dickens ! would read them to his wife and dance wildly around the room. With the close ; of the 'Sketches' began Mrs. Dickens' j troubles. To better understanding tbe ] gradual change in Charles Dickens treat ment of hi6 wife, it is necessary tc analyse tbe character and training of the so-called common- place English girl. In this country the women easily adapt themselves to their positions in life. In fact, in this country the woman generally rises superior to the man. Not so, how ever, with the dull, good-natared, loving, English girl. She, from her earliest childhood, is brought up in a circle whose views are narrow, and whose education is extiemely limited. The monotony of ber existence is only broken by ber regular attendance at church and the counting of the household linen on wash - day. If she goes to the Crystal Palace she will stare vaguely at a Correggio and make quaint remarks when brought in contact with a chef-d'oeuvre. Her eyes will only sparkle as she sits in the buffet, or dining-rtom. Her circle of ac quaintances will be among her class, and that class of society, like herself, sees no beauty in art, nor can appre ciate true genius. This is the character of Mrs. Dickens — a truly gootl nature!, loving, motherly woman. y So long as Charles Dickens had to buffet against adversity, so long was he contented with bis little wife. But as soon as Charles Dickens began to be courted ; as soon as he found he was on the road to im mortality and fortune ; as soon as he began to mix in society, and realised the extraordinary fascination of mixing among the upper ten, then Charles Dickens, for the first time, looked down upon his little wife, who could not do justice to the name of ber husband. There is no mysteiy attached to. the separation. — London correspondent of tbe New York Herald. David Montgomery, manager of the Royal Hustler's Company, Sandhurst, ha6 been sentenced to one month's im prisonment for conveying smoke into the claim of the Imperial Hustler's. Doubtless a large number of devout people will expect to bear of some terri ble earthquake speedily engulphing the town of Cbristchnrch, New Zealand, when tbey see that the decision of the Provincial Council has been carried out, and tbe public museum opened on Sun day. Not only this, but some 8000 persons attended, and it is shocking to see it stated that ' the greatest decorum and good behaviour were ob served.' No violence, no drunkenness, no profligacy — tbe assertion is quite in credible. If it is possible for a large number of people to go to a museum on a Sunday without some dire portent being visible in the moral or physical world, it is evident that tbe Rev. Dr. Cairns and his followers have been sadly misleading, or misled. Stbange to say, that fair and august young person the Duchess of Edinburgh, was very near being the cause of a serious diplomatic difficulty, on the very eve of the Czar's arrival. You will observe the paragraphs which appeared in The Times and Post within the last week on the subject of her Royal High ness's non-appearance at the last draw ing-room. The first paragraph-— in- serted, it is said, by Her Majesty's desire — attributed the absence of the Duchess of Edinburgh to an interesting cause. Promptly followed the announcement that such a statement had been made without the sanction of the Duke of Edinburgh. The truth is said to be tbat the Duchess of Edinburgh refused to accept the precedence accorded to her at the English Court, by the rules of which ' wives of the soverign's younger sons' rank next after ' the daughters of the sovereign,' whereby she would be placed immediately below the Marchion ess of Lome and little Princess Beatrice. The Queen was', it is said, at first in flexible, regarding the table of precedence as little less sacred than the Thirty nine Articles. But the absence of the Duke and Duchess of Edinbuigh from Court on the occasion of the Czar's visit to the Queen would have been a very serious affair. Accordingly, we learn from the Court Circular this morn ing that the table of precedence has been quietly set aside, very much after the fashion of the Black Sea treaty; and tbat the Duchess, who is described as ' Her Royal and Imperial Highness the Duchess of Edinburgh (Grand Duchess of Russia),' is given rank next after the Princess of Wales, and before Princess Christian. The ground alleged for this violation of settled order is said to be the lady's *' Imperial' rank ; but it is tbe first time, I rather think, that the Imperial title has been recognised as conferring any higher degree of rdyalty in England. Is not the Crown of the United Kingdom an Imperial Crown ? and is not the Queen, for the matter of that, Empress of India? — Lady Correspondent of Argus. 