A BAD NIGHT'S REST AT THE GILBERT ; ??????? DIGGINGS. My beat friend, or my worst enemy, as tho case may be, would hardly accuse mo of being romantically inclined. 'At tho Bamo timo, it ?would bo probably found, that in the hardest natures there is a secret corner in which some little romance lurks, or somo rag of sentiment is hidden away. In these days, when it is possible, by payment of a small honorarium, to Bpond an evening with one's departed relations (a very needless knocking about of the furni f.urA ? 'hftitio' nZ-trnn ivA nv to vfl-isn. Jin fiffop.tivft ghost at oven a smallor expenditure, there yet clings to most of us a covtain belief in tho supernatural, in the shape of warnings, presenti ments, portents, and general ' prickings of thumbs.' Such a sinister presage I have myself had, and in this matter-o.f-fact colony of Queensland, too, and as tho presage came true, I purpose * giving it to the readers of the Telegraph.,, I was one of a large party of ' new chums,' who arrived on the Gilbert diggings soon after tho first successful rush, was over. Wo had been unfortunate enough to get early informa tion of the discovery of gold in that, then, un known region, and as none of us knew from which port on the coast wo could reach the new - El Dorado, as ? we fondly and firmly believed ' it be, we determined to reach it overland, and* notwithstanding tho embryo state of our colonialism, we managed to make the , trip very successfully. On arriving at the Gilbert, however, wo found that the hews of the ' find ' had becomo com mon property, and that the diggings, which had been rushed from all parts of the colonies — a road having been opened to them from Clove land Bay — were worked out (there had never been anything beyond mere gully-raking and surface. scratching), and the bulk of tho popula tion fled. Our originally large party was soon reduced to two disappointed and particularly badly- '. to-do diggers, so called on tho lucus a nori lucendo principle of having- nothing to dig. 'We were ' located ' on the site of what, in the good days, had been a populous camp, about three miles from the township now known as . Gilberton, but of which our 'two selves and ari othe^r.party, of two, then formed the only in habitants. ' My mate', a hulking fellow, with anJappotdto far too healthy for our limited stores, soon gave up ? in disgust and: betook himself to ' fresh (gold) fields and pastures new,' leaving me with four horses, a limited stock of culinary utensils, and an equally limited supply of 'tucker.' ' .?????' ' ? '' ' : The spot where- my tiny calico ' fly ' was pitched was an exceedingly dreary one, and as that bush 'bogney,' theblaekfellow, was said to be . in the' neighbourhood, the effect on a man brought down by low fever and semi-starvation ? was fully calculated to pro .duce a 'very strong attack of .the unpleasant malady.'known as 'tho blue devils.' I had by this time quite enough of gold gettirig— save the mark !— and I determined to turn my face southward in search of health, as soon as I could get my horses together — not an easy matter in that wild country. My tent was pitched an. the edge of tho steep high bank of the Gilbert,' while that of tho two men already mentioned lay in the dry bed of the opposite side of the river, where I could, from my ' eyrie,' see all that went on. The pair consisted of an Englishman named Harry (I change the name) and a Dane, known as German Charlie. They were thoroughly hard-working men, and ,. deserving of better success than they got. They were invariably up and with breakfast' finished before sunrise. Thfluv-nr/in'M fTinn sfrnW: far iTipir flflim. ivhinll lay at some distance in: an already well ' fos sicked' gully, to reach which they had to cross tho river, ascend :a. high, bank near ihy.-_tont, and descend a steep ravine on my right, where I- lost sight of them. One night, from a cause unknown to me, I was awakened from my sleep very suddenly, to find myself bathed in perspiration, and tremb ling violently, when almost at once I saw in my mind's eye, lying on tho bank on- the opposite side of the ravine— a spot quite out of the range of my vision, the 'counterfeit presentiment' of a dead1 body, with its white face staring upwards into vaeancy. . Such a strong hold did this vision get on my imagin ation, that for hours .1 lay awako with a pre sentiment, which no amount of self reasoning would dispel, that at daylight the dead body of my imagination would become a reality. After some hours spent in utter misery, and being thoroughly worn out, I fell into a quiet sleep, not awaking until daybreak, when all remembrance of my presentiment had vanished from my mind, and , I lay on iny back looking with a sort of languid interest at the prepara tions, making by my opposite neighbours for their daily work. Having collected their tools, they crossed the river as usual, ascended the bank, and, after giving me a; cheery ' good morning,' disappeared down the ravine. Scarcely three minutes had elapsed when I heard hurried' footsteps approaching, and Harry, with scared face, and almost breathless, begged me for God'B sake ' to go with him as Charlie had just dropped down dead. Almost as soon as it takes to write the ? words, I was across the ravine, and my night's presentiment instantly flashed across my mind'; for there, on tho very spot, and in the same attitude pictured in my waking dream, lay the poor Dano, with Ids sightless eyes staring skywards into'. vacancy. I need hardly say that my_ nerves received a rude shock, but the necessity for immediate action braced me up, and I hurried off to obtain the presence of the police, who gave the neces sary authorisation for poor Charlie's burial. Having between us dug a grave and decently interred the. body, reading tho burial service over it, I turned my attention to comforting the dead man's mate, Harry, who was incon solable, and who took to drinking heavily almost immediately, and it was my miserable task to nurse him through a bad fit of delerium tremens. ?The Viotobian Govebnment Botanist. — The Leader BayB : — When Baron Mueller wa8 appointed Government botanist, it was con* sidored that certain duties of nn important character were attached to the office, and that . due provision would be made by the Minister at the head of the department for carrying them out in a satisfactory mauner. From the report just- issued it does npt appear that Baron Mueller lias been retained in the public service for any useful or profitable purpose. For con ducting delicate researches, involving much labour, nnd requiring many accessories, he has been voted the paltry sum of £300. He com plains that even his laboratory and working appliances have been taken from' him, and begs for thoir restitution, and for the means to bo granted him for conducting his botanical researches in a proper manner ; and if the Baron is to be retained in his office, these demands must undoubtedly be conoeded. To tho uninitiated it may appear that the colony dould without much prejudice to its scientific character afford' to do without a public botanist. Industrial interests are, however, involved in the efficient maintenance of a Botanical depart ' menfc. We are told by Baron Mueller that we have many products which may be properly utilised in manufacturing trades, but that at ? present their value is not developed in conse guence of tho small means availuble for testing them. It ib thfc practical result that the public look fori und to obtain it the Government botanist should be placed in a position to pursue liia avocation, by a reasonable vote for ? ' fclie ppjppje, . .:_. . ' . 