QUEEN V. BYSOUTIf. TO THE EDITOR DF the jet. Sir, — Will you allow uie, as foreoua:! in tbe abovo case, to add to jour reprl tbo verdict of guilty was accompaniej stronu recommendation to merer.— fsaxl HENRY RAfiJ The horse that died in the Star e EJ the 'Warrnamhool Standard stats?, liii sent out to the order of Mr. Josqliq and was valued at £700. Fortuitl was insured. A mare which was era to Mr. Ware by the samo vessel il safely. I Tho residents of East .and West 01 wore thrown into groat exoitemeat rl owing to a report that one of Y.I Watson's employes had committed ril shooting himself. Tho Sf. Jr/nml Jfl remarks that tho report proved cl truo. It appeared that the gardener, Norman, had blown his brains c'.l cause can be assigned for the n;hl few days previous to his deatb he cl who had been vory kindtobmdr illness. . Mr. William Carroll, of Bnlhrfl left at the office of the Ballcx sample of excellent eoal, taken fnnB found by him in that ncighbaraS soiiiu was struck at three feet fnnifl face, and is stated to be foorfdH The discoverer states tbat he hn tB the existence of coal in thelocalityifl years, but does not say why he hH secret for so long. Mr. Carroll zS try and form a company for the the scam, and if it is as good as it i:H be there should be no dilhcdhH matter. The Hampden Guardian repiH Messrs. -T. and D. Cameron hrresH a rather severe loss lately by thiB tbo well-known Clydesdale eetieH Renfrew. This favorite sire, whifB n ttrflotml considerable attention nual gatherings of tho Postoolifl cultural Society at Campert brought in a few weeks ago to thjS Mr. John Cameron's farm, MnrJH and shortly after showed synfl disease, which baffled the effort local vets. The horse died at L-'H Thursday last. From the Pastoral Times Wi 11 numbers of . atas, drawn by loni| bullocks, are qassing through daily for tlie ditfcrent Woolslfj/B time to take way the wool toEcYB bullocks look better than ftey iB past, so good is tho feed everyvB withstanding that all the rirraH been navigable for some for bullock teems at Hay to that port from Mount Hope Prime bullocks for teams are .\ few years nr they were song. History repeats itself, er»B humblest of onr vocations, tho bullock-driver is in demialsH The Horlh-i.ae'.i rn Ensign repe'B lanclroly incident occurred family at Winton, named Joyce. of Mrs. Joyce had been sent land to pass the remainder oi bis daughter's family, and anjH ingly about a week or ten dsynM bourne, of which fact they letter. Thoy proceeded to and on arriving at the addieH covered that the old gentlenurB was Robert Irving, aged npvt-B years, was missing. Aftcri qfH they found that the poor elisH picked np wandering about ill, and had beon taken to the he died . , '<): Mouday >..i-?bV" Aryns o< ».»-?- . »? v'tFi 'Lif .mievliat covering -' :hcCS« eight ycav na>l bed during vp. wandered but tbo night being a difficult task. 'Jhe fortunately made for a distance, knocked at the Ccived by the inniater— tmB on perceiving tho ghost- hkeqM sidernbly startled. The to them in a strange msnns;B conscious. He was patents and put to bed. the next morning as to J go out and how he felt, hs as ho was not aware oi room.' , Mr. Inspector Teed were made the v'Vc.so. day night las' ana m frt-m Wangaratf.v._ |- gives the T"i')V -L'l Information tn fPragarattB thai nt 5 " ' p, .vl's Hi'Uii. were oi "l'iriii tb3' ,"" ie oi -Linu/, Xhe inbrSK tflhe police definite the' b hopes of an £ut where they vvthcre. Aitr arttcle was not that of the informal on li/p.- brandy is d<xT it aEd hi! on Thursday nl? (lliBt time ; but the oe. jj jjjj iW), J.P., and a membef Mit holds a distiller's beer. ' for fortifying hia s®- HI tikkes." Hj 