C ON CI 11E G ATI ON A h CHURCH. The imposing and pleasing ceremony of laying the foundation stono of tho new Congregations I Church. Bolsover-streot, took plaoo yesterday aftcrnQ.p., at 5 o'clock, in the presence of tho Rovs.. i. Griffith, J. W. Ilonry, K. Hartley, «. jj. wursuii, a.. >v . xiarson, vv. A'owou, ninl a large assembly of people. Tho lie v. ,T. W..Honry, tho pastor of the cliureh, oponud the proceed ings by reading the 88th hymn, which was afterwards sung. Tho reverend gentleman thou read portions of Scripture — via., llio llith vorso of the 28th chapter of Isiah; tho 10th aud llth versos of tho 1st Corinthians ; and the I SHU vorso, 2nd chapter . of Pauls 2nd Epistle to Timothy. Tho Rov. 13. Gritlith then offer Tt up/ an oxoeodingly appropriate prayor, which was listened to with marked attention and respect; upon his sitting down tho Rov. J. W. Henry said he lmd, as pastor of tho church, n few words to say ,butns he did uot desire to lengthen tho proceedings, I10 would detain those about him as littlo ns possible. One of the firsL-thincrs that struck him in nminnn. tion with tho now building was. that it stood 011 the site of the first place of worship erected in liockhainpton, fourteen years ago, and was also tho site of the first cliureh of tho same character as tlint now in courso of erection. Some six or soven months since, a meeting of the members of the Congregational Cliureh was hold for llio purpose of considering the udvisnbility of having a more satiable pluco of worship; a building committee was appointed, the presont piece ot ground was selected, and subscription lists were opened. When lio fouud £100 placed against four names, lis felt it would not bo a ditlicult matter to collect tho sum required ; and he was not deceived ; nil the members of the congregation contributed according to their ability, besides many frioudsoutsido Uioclmrch who had given most liberally, aud ho was pleased to say that the funds readied £000. Tlio foundation of tho church was laid ; Mr. Ferguson had U0110 tho work, and it was paid for, and lie hoped that tho stato of the funds would enable tho building to bo completed Vt'iUmnl- intnivimtiftii Wlinn flinw liml i)<w>i.1.i.l to have the present ceremony, tlioy asked the ltuv. Mr. Griffith to lay the stono — he neod not say why. The reverend gentleman thou turning to Mr. Griffith, presented him with a silver trowel and mallet, which ho hoped ho would accept mid keep. The stone, bearing the inscription " Laid by tlicdBjW. E. Griffith, 2ilrd September. 1874," laid by tho rev. gentleman, assisted by fift architect, Sfr. Yoysoy, of tho firm of Mosws. Suter and Voysev, and by Mr Ferguson the builder. Having used the trowel and struck thostono with tho mallet, the rev. gentle man declared tho memorial stono to bo truly laid of a place of worship in connection with I lie Congregational order of Olmrclis', to ho used for tho honor and glory of God . lie declared the stono to he laid in the name of tlio Fathorand of tho Son and of tlio Holy Ghost. Tho rev. gentleman then addressed his hearers at eonsiderablo length, explaining what was meant by a church, describing tlio various places of worship from the earliest ages to the buildiugof the Temple, und tlicuce to tiie present time. The rov. gentleman also explained what the Congregational Church was, how it was governed, and in what, manner it differed from other chinches. Tlio address was very pleasingly and lluontly dolivorcd, and was at tho same lime exceedingly interesting. The rev. gentleman, nt the closo of the pro ceedings, remarked that it lmd been wiiisporod in his oar that it was an unusual tiling io lay a foundation stone without some money being placed upon it ; he therefore hoped that thoso present would follow so good a custom. This appoal was not inndo in vain, and a handsome amount was collected. The mallet and trowel were both handsome specimens of town manufacture, the former beiug niado by Mr. Knsch, and the hitter by Mr. Kingelo. The'1 trowel bore the following inscription : — " This trowel is presented to the Rev, 13. Griffith 011 tho occasion of laying Mm memorial stono of the Congregational Church, Rookhampton, 28rd September, 187-1." I11 tho cavity of the stone was placed a bottle, con taining copies of tlio Nciithehn Annus and Mullet in papers, with soveral coins of tho realm, " to show," ns Mr. Griffith said, " wo had a Queen ; also 11 parchment, on which was written n statement of the history of tho church, and the name of the pastor, ltev. J. W. Henry ; the committee— Messrs. J. Ferguson, H. Beed, J. Bundy, C. H. Kuzacott, W. Burns, 1'. Roland, C. Ilitohoock, D. Wiley ; the architects— Messrs. Siitor and Voysey; and tho contractor — Mr. J. Ferguson. The building — to judge from tho plan, which was oxliibitod yosterday on tho ground — will improve the appearance of tlio neigh bourhood. Tho ohurch will ho a substantial brick structure, sixty feot in length, thirty- tlireo feet in breadth, and forty foot in height, and is iutcuded to neeommoduto two huudrod and fifty persons. Tho main entraueo will face Bolsover-streot, aud tlio front elevation, on which the greater part of tlio ornamentation is to bo oxpomled, and which, as shown in tho plan, will be very tasluful and uoat, will con sist of a doublo Gothic arch of, white freestouo, supported by a stono column, and bore there will be a large porch, or lobby, with doors lead ing into two aislos, whioli will travorso tho leugth of the building. Ovor tlio 011 trance there will be a largo west window with Gothic tracery, and a boll turret. Tlioro will also bo buttresses, with water tablos, and a string course, iu cement, running round the building, ''lie erection will cost altogether about SloP. A soireo was hold in tho oveuiug in the School of Arts. The large hall was woll fillod , and the tables were well and liberally supplied. A public meeting was held at 8 o'clock, wb'i 'the largo ball was orowdod. Bis Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. Pattison) was voted to tho chair ; and tho ohoir und tho speakers wero accommodated with seats on the platform. 'rhfl-Jflepting having boon opened with dovCTt3|Jjf.excrcisos; Tho OiiXiuaiAN in the eourse of a few prefatory remarks, said it had not been, thought with in the scope of the duties devolving upon tho Mayor of this municipality to preside at tea meetings; but lie thought this was an ex ceptional occasion, for the proceedings of the day — the laying of the momorial stono of a Congregational Clmi-oh — marked not only the . commercial but the moral progress of tho town. He might, thoreforo, fairly appear there and take tho chair, and I10 had great pleasure iu doing so. (Applause). Tho Rov. E. Giuffitii, who was first intro duced, said that one of the many questions that had boon put 10 him since his arrival in Rookhampton — a question, too, which had been vory frequently repeated — wob, "Don't yott think wo are making progress t" Ho hnd known Rookhampton for a good many years, and ho might say thnt considerable progress hnd boon niado, especially in oonncotion with tho Congregational Cliureh. On tho ground on whioh tlio present building stood there wns forinorly a tont ; and ho recollected his brother, Mr. Suva go, who was minister hero tlien, writing to say that tho tout had liomi blown down by tho wind. This wns tbirtoou years ago ; and it was decided, after some con sideration, to have something bettor titan a tout. Accordingly, tho first church, ho boliovod, in the placo — tho presont. wooden building — was created, and oponnd forjjublie worship, somo 12 years ago, by himself (Air. Griffith). Tho churoh was not thou quite nomploted — tho windows wore wanting, if ho recollected aright, but it wns ilia sulKuiontlyndvnueodouu- ilition to ho used. Now, this woodon building was to ho supcrseeed by u brick and Htono erection, and judging from tho plan of tlio frontolcvation, it would attract a gooddonl of attention, and he nn indication, lie trusted, of something still bettor within. Thorn were thus signs both of material and spiritual progress to bo noted ; for tlio material, in connection with tlio ehuroh, nffordod some indication of that whioh was within ; and there was local aud general progress. Ho admitted that ho lmd much more faith in the progress of tho colony now than I10 hnd twenty yoars ago, when he first knew it ; lint ho pointed out that this progress, to bo lasting must ho laid on a sound loundniiotl, nnu unit wo siiouiu uun at doing as well as getliim — for in doing good to others wo bouame recipients as well ns givers. Ho was of opinion that lloekluimploii would grow in importance, and become, pro bably, the most important town in the north ; and tlio building of churches and llio establishment of Sunday schools would tend to lay n good foundation in mo country, as cnrisuan men, wicy woro responsible, in tlio matter of religion, to God I alone, but as citizons, thoy wore responsible to tboir fellow citizons. Thoy must livo for the bunofit of those around them, and should, in leaving their footprints 011 tlio sands of time, for tho gaidanco of others, soo and make good foot prints, and not somothing deceptive. The rev. gontloman concluded by pointing out, among other tilings, that evoryonc should aim at growing wiser and better, and that the motto for all— men, women, and even children — should be " excelsior." The mooting was aftorwards addressed by tlio Rov. W. Powell, Mr. Alderman Boyee, tho Rev. R. Hartley, the Rov. T. \V. I'Erson, und the Rov. J. IV. lloury — the lust named speaker giving a short sketch of the history of the Congregational Clinrch in Rockhnmpton, in- eluding tho pastorates of tho Rev. Mr. Savage, now of Brisbane, and tlio Rev. Mr. Jonkyu, who vosignod in ordor to devote himself to the Bush Mission. Mr. J. MacfamjAne proposod a vote of thanks to tlio ladios for tho excellent Ion pro- I vided, and to tho choir, for their services. The Rev. E. GitiFrmi seconded the motion, I which was carried by acclamation. A unnnimmis vote of thanks, proposod by tho Rov. J. W. Henry, and seeoncted by tbo Rov. E. Griffith, was passed to the .Mayor, for presiding. A parting liymn wns then Htiug, and llio Rev. E. Griflith pronounced Hie beiuhctiou, which brought the proceedings to a close. Tho choir — which included ladies from several otliu- choirs — sang, in a most cilootivo manner, a uumbor of .selected pieces, Mr A. Boll, tho conductor, presiding at the' piano. A collection was made 011 behalf 01 the build ing fund, and about £10 was realised. 