under TiiE mm — — . I have been 3hown an extract from a letter in which a distinguished personage . who once held high office in Victoria expresses his views upon the present aspect of British politics. Disraeli's administration shows signs of weakness ; the moderate and the ultra Conservatives find great difficulty in acting together; and it is becoming more and more certain that united action among the Liberals, under the leadership of Mr. Glad stone, is almost- impossible. The Whigs seem inclined to go oneway, and the Radicals another. The time seenm to be rapidly arriving when there will be a general re shuffling of parties. Singularly enough, a Yictoriau writing to an English statesman might say exactly the same thing of politics in Melbourne. The Bishop who advised Sir George Bowen to beware of after-dinner speeches must have formed the same opinion of his character as that arrived at by Captain MacMakon. It is pretty generally known that Sir George came to the Speaker's dinner the other night with a speech ready prepared, and that he was very much dis appointed at there being no toasts, and therefore no occasion for him to deliver it. Rumor has it that the oration would have been of a very extraordinary description, and "that it is just as well for his Excel lency's reputation that it was not reported. I hear that Sir George will not be able to get away before the end of the year. He will be accompanied by Major Pitt, but -that officer does not intend to return to Victoria. "No one will be sorry that the Local Go vernment Bill has left the Assembly, and that the amount of plunder which the shires and boroughs are to receive every year up to ISSO is'now in a fair way of being settled by an Act of Parliament. Our legislators never appear to les3 advantage than when they are squabbling over local matters. On great questions they may think and debate like representatives, but when a bridge over the Popsy-Wopsy Creek comes up, the mystic log is rolled, and the member is transformed into' the delegate. The Assembly reminds me, when any municipal matter, is under discussion, of the cat who was metamorphosed into a 'fine lady. She' conducted herself ad mirably until she saw a mouse, when she could no longer retarain her feline propen sities, 'but ran under the (able after -her quarry, and notwithstanding her laces and her jewels she became the cat again. Add so it is with the shire councillor promoted to the 'position of member of Parliament, when any little question upon which he considers himself great crop3 up. The case of Mitchell v. Mitchell is one that should never have been brought before the courts. Surely the friends of the de. fendant ought to have had enough influence over him to prevent the exposure of his meanness and cruelty. Even upon his own showing his conduct was base and cowardly, for if he wished to bring any charge against his wife he should not have waited till he got to the other end of the earth. Truly the ways of Providence are strange. Why should such a man as Mitchell have been so lucky in his mining investments ? I never miS -Jiavthingout of mines, and I know lots of other worthy peddle are in precisely the same predicament. I am glad that the Supreme Court is to be invited to give an opinion upon the question of punishment for contempt. There is no power which is more frequently abused. Of course every J magistrate, coroner, or judge, .should be able to preserve order, and to direct that any person breaking the peace should he expelled. But the question which next arises is how far the magistrate or the judge has or should have the power of punishing on his own ipse dixit for the disorder he may have himself created, and how far it is wise" to allow the same man to be prosecutor, judge, and jury, which is the case when a witness or a spectator is punished for contempt. The powers of the judges were never pushed further than they were in Westminster-hall during the Tichhorne trial. Upon one occasion an unfortunate news paper editor residing at Cheltenham was fined a large sum of money, £200 I think, for allowing a correspondent to write that although the olaimant was not Tichborne, it was equally certain "that he wa3 not Orton. This statement was decided by Sir Alexander Cockburn to be contempt ; and although the general opinion was that it was not contempt at all, no one had the pluck to interfere or dispute the ruling of the Chief Justice and his brethren. More recently I perceive that a county court judge in Ceylon has set lip a theory that criticism on his demeanor is contempt, I suppose Judge Skinner will next be filling the gaols with all the unfortunate newspaper writers in theWeatern district. I ' think that if the judges will not define contempt, it is high time that Parliament did. . Bad as crowner's quest law is, it is better than that administered by the Presbyterian Assemby to Mr. Ewing. They try him with closed doors, and crush him without a charge being brought against him. There is no rule so bad a3 the rule of priests, from Pope Pius IX. to Dr. Cairns. Perhaps the members of the Presbyterian Assembly are only carrying out the theory of justice administered at Jedburgh, and after morally hanging Mr. Ewing first, intend to try him afterwards. The latest story about the nature of Mr. Ewing's offence is that he got the better of Mr. MacBain, M.P., in a mining transaction at Bright. Clever Air. Ewing 1 Air. Yogel will have his work to do if he seek to rehabilitate the reputation of New Zealand securities. A Air. Fellows has shown, in a letter to the Pall Mall Gazette, that New Zealand already owes about twice as muok in proportion to her population as the United Kingdom, and that the public works now being constructed cannot become reproductive during the present century. The Spectator takes up the cudgels on behalf of the colony, but I fear that most unpre judiced persons will think that Mr. Fellows has . the best of the argument. The worst of it is that a blow to the credit of one colony has an effect the reverse of beneficial upon the financial position of its neighbors, and Victoria has to pay for New Zealand's follies. Every one has read the story of the zealous young lady who undertook to examine a Sunday-school class. All went on well till it came to the Creed. At a cer tain period there was an awful pause. " Go onmy boys," said the fair instructress. " If you please, ma'am, the boy who believes in the Holy Ghost isn't at school to-day." Very absurd, and perhaps a little irreverent. But I know a professor who teaches his clas3 pretty much in the manner that the Sunday-school boys had been taught. One year he dwells upon one subject, the next year upon another. If in 1874 he concen trates all his attention upon the vertebrate animals, the next year he devotes himself to the invertebrate. The result is that the students who pass through his hands only learn fragments of natural history, just as the boys at the Sunday-school of the story were only taught sections'of the Apostles' Creed. . The people of Ballarat have been rough upon Air. W. C. Smith. They have elected him to the proud position of mayor, but they have taken away the allowance which formerly gilded the office. And next year will be more than ordinarily expensive. Is not Ex-Royalty, in the person of Cakobau, likely to visit Ballarat ? By the way, the various mayors, governors, and other digni- taries will be puzzled what to do with his sable majesty when he "arrives. I .should suggest that all the Australian kings .should be asked tomeet him. Several are to be found at Coranderrk, and the other aboriginal stations. Possibly the various ex-ntonarchs would be able to indulge in a mutual growl at the cupidity and ambition of the pale faces, Air. Justice Fellows has rather astonished people by unearthing an old Btatute, to show- that the licence of speech indulged in by counsel is expressly granted them by Act of Parliament. I am afraid the manners of our courts of law will not improve by the dis covery. - The government of France was despotism tempered by epigTSins ; the old condition of society was lawlessness tempered by duels. But now that we have abolished the custom of shooting, or even kicking those who insult us, it is too bad to find that they have an act of Parliament to warrant ...their : conduct. .1. make these remarks without any reference to the merits of the action brought' by Mr; Solly against ' Mr. G„ P.' ! Smith, for in that particular instance t. .h'elioye; that this' barrister had right on his side.. v Wliat are we to do with our boys ? Flog them sOUndly, Saya'the draftsman of the new Criminal Law Amendment Bill. Is there no tertiimquid, no punishment less dire than these two alternatives ? There is, I am sorry to say, a large number of juvenile of fenders amongst us, but our boys generally are not worse than the youth of other places. Flog the ruffian wliorob3 drunken men or insults helpleBs women, but surely the pre sent law is quite severe enough upon the lad who takes a few cherries from an orchard, lets off fireworks in the streets, or throws stones. It is the fashion now- a- days to set up the theory that the lash will cure every thing. Does experience show that it has done so ? jjHas flogging pnt down garotting, or crimes, or violence in England ? Statistics show that there has been quite an epidemic during the last two yeara of brutal assaults, Geelong has set a good example to Mel bourne and Ballarat, by fining a publican who got up an art-union to be decided by the winner of the Melbourne Cup, or in other words a oup sweep, in the good round sum of £50. There was no quibble about whether the offender was beneficially interested, or whether a diamond ring or a gold cup was or was not a work of art. I should like to know why justice is so tardy in Melbourne. The case of the' betting-shop men is being postponed and postponed week after week, and meantime a lively trade is being carried on, . Themis is always represented as having leaden feet; can it be that in Melbourne she is weighted with even a heavier metal, gold ? ATT1CUS. 