PR. QtMJAPflCLWS },EGT\IR$. The last of the series of lectures on physiology was delivered by Dr. Benjafield Instovonlng, at the Mechanics' Institute, under the auspicies of the Mercantile Assistants Association. The subject was "The Eye." On account of the inclement weather, the attendance was smaller than on previous occasions, Mr J. Perkins, jun,, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer. Dr. Benjafield began by announcing that on Friday evening week, if those who were desirous of competing, would meet him at the Mechanics' he would put six questions to them, one from each lecture, and the persons who gave the three best answers would be awarded prizes. Proceeding with the subject of his lecture, he explained that there were two large nerves under the brain, called the optic nerves, which passed through holes in the base of the skull, one nerve for each eye. The eye was very much like a telescope, being the object by which the brain catches external things. It leads' h)to a large bony Cftyfty or Sybil;, and was well protected on all sides, except the, front. There the eyebrows were for the purpose of shading the eyes from excessive light, and the hair at the edges of the line was to keep dust out, Just and that this was a very thin membrane, which was attached to the edge of the lids and passed over the front of the eyeball, and which was the part which was subject to paul. Immediately under this came sofa cushions of fat. People s eyes were all about the same size, and the apparent difference in the SIZE of eyes was due to the fact that in one person a great deal more of the eyeball projected than in another. The turning of the eye was effected by a beautiful set of muscles running from every side of the eye, and in one corner of the eye was a gland for keeping it nicely oiled. The outer white covering of the eyeball was very strong, and was known as the sclerosis, and in the front, let in to this selection, was the corner., This was beautifully transparent, and was comprised of many little colds. Behind the cornea was a cavity full of water, and at the rear of that again was the pupil. The colour of the eye depended upon the curtain forcing the pupil, and the object of this curtain, or fire, was to regulate the amount of light which went into the eyeball. The pupil was expanded or ore treated by one muscle running round it and others radiating from it. Behind a hole in the case was fixed the crystalline lens. All the back part of the eye was composed of what was known as vitreous humour ; its object being to fill the eyeball out. Behind wore two membranes, one black and the other white. The latter was formed by the end of the optic nerve spreading out all over the back part of the eye. This was known as the retina, and was the most sensitive part of the eye. The lecturer at some length explain the complicated structure of the retina, and said that what were known as the rods and combs in it, were really the things by which we KOO ) t]oy wore fitted up to catch and fool light. It was a curious fact that really people saw every thing upside down, but their judgment enabled them to put everything right. The readjustment of the eye, so as to accommodate it to various distances, was done by making the most elastic, and by muscles for altering its thickness. The lecture, which concluded by some amusing and interesting facts as to how ghosts were formed in the imaginations of some people, was illustrated by diagrams of various sections and portions of the eye. Mr. A. J. TAYLOR, in proposing a vote of thanks to the lecturer, announced that Dr. Benjafield had consented to deliver another lecture in the Town Hall, and on that occasion a testimonial would be presented to him was an acknowledgment of his valuable services to the association. in also an anounced that arrangements had been made for a gentleman to deliver a course of lectures on "Mechanics." Mr.' WALKER seconded the vote of thanks, which was carried, ' . . 