joijal 3Ti\ieiItjgcnxjc The "Mikado," with ma'ls via 'Frisco leaves Sydney 011 Saturday, July 4. Commercial.—Mr. G. Haslingden rc ports the sale at Candelo, on Tuesday, of young stock from 12 to 18 months, with a few cows, averaged £A all round ; store bullocks £5 7s. 7d.; 2 bulls at satisfactory prices. Births, Deaths, axd Marriages.— We have hitherto made a nominal charge of one shilling for these advertisements. In order to test whether a shilling has prevented the insertion of these notices, we offer to publish Births, Marriages, and Deaths for the next three months, free of charge. The late Mr. Page.—To the obituary notice given in our last issue we have to add that on Thursday last the funeral procession left Merimbula at 10 a.m., and arrived at Bega about 4 p.m. From Frogs' Hollow into Bega a number of horsemen and conveyances gradually joined the cortege, which could not have contained less than two hundred persons when Bega was reached. The remains of deceased were deposited in the Church of England burial ground in Bega, the ser- vice being read by the the Rev. A. D. Faunce. The Oddfhllows.—The Bega Loyal Prince Alfred Lodge of Oddfellows appeals to have progressed wondei fully in public ••estimation. The Lodge has nearly doubled its numbers -Within the past three months, and has now some ninety names on its roll. No less than twelve candidates were proposed at the last Lodge meeting. The piano recently purchased by the Lodge was landed at Merimbula on Monday, and will be brought into use at the next meet ing on Saturday week. Notice to Advertisers.—We have not the staff of the Times to fall back upon, and are therefore compelled to have our work well in hand by Wednesday morning in order to get through in time for publi cation. We wish to oblige advertisers as far as possible, but experience has led us to establish this rule, viz., iu future no advertisement longer than haif-a-coluvnn •will be received after 12 o'clock on Wed nesday mojlf^nj^taFfom 12 a.m. to-6 p.m. on Wednesday short advertisements'^wil 1'' only be received at an extra.ehaige of one shilling per inch. Thf Ghost —A few nights ago a belated traveller wended his dreary way .along the road leading from Bega to Wolumla. He was lonely ; for he was by himself, and lie was journeying over a portion of the Queen's highway now known as the "Valley of the Shadow of Death." He was ri'liug a melancholy and tired horse; and in spite of a dismal and abortive effort to kfeep tip his courage and animate his steed by whistling one of Henry Russell's scenas, wluch begins:—" The cold gray dawn of the morning," he could only jog slowly along, and did not reach the margin of Wotumla's fatal and treacherous stream until the "dead vast and middle of the night," the season " wherein spirits hold their wont to walk." Just as the rider was about to spur into the creek, up rose a dread form, spectral to the view, clad in Ipng coat and high boots. 'Twas not ot this world; 'twas a visitor from the shades! and the horseman when he bad hastily ejaculated:—"Angela and minis ters of grace defend us, Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn'd," instantly felt his bridle l-ein seized, and, horror- stricken, he recognised the form and features of the late F. Berne. 'Twas but for a moment; recovering some portion of self-possessidp, but with each particular hair standing on end like quills on the fretful porcupine, the horseman dashed into the current, whose parted waters cleft by the hoofs of the now frantic steed, scattered far and wide; nor looking back (remembering the i fate of Lot's wife) nor drawing rein, he sped on until the hospitable roof of K—o—a was reached. After a stiff dose of Hennessy had been administered, the affrighted wanderer narrated his adven ture, winding up his narrative with the assertion that he wonld not go -over that ground again at midnight for £500. we' do not vouch for the truth of this story ; we simply give an unvarnished tale as it was told to us. Removal.—Constable M'Carthy, for over three years in charge of the Bega gaol, leaves for Moruya to-day. TTig successor, Constable Cochrane, comes from Singleton. A Memorial is in course of signature, asking for an extension of the Coast line of telegraph from Shoalhaven to Bega, so that we may be placed in direct communi cation with Sydney. At present Bega messages have to travel by a roundabout course, and if the main line is engaged, Bega has to wait, thereby causing delay and inconvenience. Mails to Gandelo ajtjj Kamerctka.— In answer to numerous complaints as to the detention of papers afid correspondence, we have to state that a'lnemoiial has been prepared praying the IPostmoster-Genei-al to send a mail from Bega to Kaineruka and Candelo on Thursday, leaving Bega at noon, and returning the same night. At present the Thursday's mail to these places is a delusion; it depends upon the arrival of the steamer's mail, and three times out of four the local papers and all the correspondence from Moruya and Braidwood, which arrives in Bega on Thursday morning, does not reach Candelo till the following Monday. Cooma—The "Manaro Mercury" of Saturday is filled with an account of the* visit to Cooma of the Bev. Dr. Vaughan, the Catholic Coadjutor Archbishop. Dr. Vaughan received an enthusiastic recep tion, and, amongst other services, laid the foundation stone of the new church of St. Patrick's, £1300 vr&i; collected at the ceremony. 150 persons were confirmed, • and a i^uinbfir-of addreusfis were presented and replied to. On Sunday the ^Arch bishop officiated at St. Mary's Church, 1 Bomhala, aud was reported as about to ! visit Bega. but we have not heard the re-' port confirmed. The following is a por-; tion of the Archbishop's sermon at Cooma ' on Sunday week, as reported by the j " Mercury":—" The Cliurch, is a divine I organization or empire, which does not simply exist on paper, but which is as' palpable a fact as the British Empire, for ' it has lived aud still lives in history, and . was an ancient world-wide institution bo fore the British Empire possessed a local habitation or a name. Her history can be .traced down to this hoar with all its vicissitudes and each of its victories Peter still reigns in Pius, and her bishops still preach and her priests still forgive sins and break the bread of immortality to the people. Wherever a new land has been discovered, she has taken part with tlio discovery. Already, a vast network of an ecclesiastical order is spread throughout the continent of America, Even here iho Church Jives iu its Bishop and in its priest. As the soul is sa d to bo in each part of the body, so the poiver of the Church's ministry tor the salvation of her people is in its fulness in every church' or chapel where Mass is said and where a duly- appointed priest administers the sacred rites of religion. The truth of this fact will come home to the miud if wo consider the character of the priest and the nature of his office. A priest is one who has felt himself called by God to I devote his heart and intellect, his hfe and energies, to God's service. The a1 | mighty in an especial manner has visited j him and touched him, and cailed him apart. As a ruie, this all comes to him iu bis youth. He obeys the call; Ho obeys the call. Ho goes through long yoars of study, prayer, and probation before he is admitted to holy orders. He is made priest after going through various stages. He thus comes in immediate contact with Jesus Christ. He receives power to forgive sins, to administer" the sacraments. This power he gels .from the imposition of bands of the Bishop— the Bishop who, through a direct line, has received that power from the Apostles, and tbenco from Christ' him self. He doeB not marry, nut ber-auie he does not respect that holy state, bpt bccausc be has been callfd to follow the Lamb, and io be as a soldier, ready ai any moment to shed his blood or lose his life for the sake of those for whom his Master d'ed. The Church is his work shop, and the cure of souls his one object in life. He is the Church's iostfument for bringing God into the intellect and heart of man. In the Holy Mass, he brings Christ upon the altar. Our Lord fivflgin the tabernacle. H^AlloyraJIim «self to be given as food to HH?*j5fople; anM the priest is His minister, and distributes thus the bread of life. The priest does more than this: he sits in the tribunal of penance, and whilst in the power of God he forgives sins, he teaches man how he is to repeut. He brings Christ borne to the little child, and anoints with holy oil the eyes and bands of the dying. He is a father, a friend, a physiciyo, a representative of Jesus Christ to the poor, the orphan, the widow, and the friendless. Whilst our Lord lives In the Church, the centre of worship, He speaks by His priest, who represents His cause and His kindness to the people/ Thus, where there is a Catholic Church there is heaven upon earth—for there if* Christ, and where Christ is there is God, and where God is there is Para dise, and where Paradise is, there is more than anything else, God is brought home to the hearts and intellects of his crea tures. • Wolfe's AaoMATro Scusapps —When the pure medicinal restorative, now so widely known as Udolpho Wolfe,s Schiedam Schnapps, was introduced into the world under the indorsement of four thousapd leading members of the medical profession, some twenty years ago, its. proprietor was well aware that he could not wholly escape the penalty attached to all new and useful preparations. He, therefore, endeavoured to invest it with the strongest possible safeguard against counterfeiters and imitstors, to render all at temps to pirate it difficult and danger ous. It was submitted to distinguished chemists for analysis, .and pronounced by them the purest spirits even manufactured. Its purity and properties having been thus ascertained, samples of the article were forwarded to ten thousand physicians, in cluding all the leading practitioners in the United States, for the purpose of ex periment. A circular, requesting a trial of the preparation and report of the result accompanied each specimen. Four thou sand of the most eminent raedieal men in the Union promptly responded. Their opinions of the articles were unanimously favourable. Such a preparation, they said had long been wanted by the profession, as no reliance could be placed on the ordinary liquors of commerce, all of which were more or less adulterated, and therefore unfit for medical purposes. The peculiar excellence and strength of the oil of juniper principal ingredients of the Schnapps, together with an unalloyed character of the alcoholic element gave it, in the estimation of the faculty, a marked superiority over evory other diffusive stimulant as a diuretic, tonic, aad restorative. The GrBEAi Alpine Rested?—No sensible medical man questions the pro -1 priety of giving a Btimulnntin cases where j the stomach is torpid, the nerves relaxed, the circulation languid, or there is general deficiency of vital power in the system. ! Tbe grand object under such circumstances is to select a remedy which will not only impart activity to the slugglish animal functions, but permanent tone, rigor, and regularity to tbe organs which perform them. The celebrated Swiss cordial, known as the " Dew of the Alps, * has, for nearly five hundred years, fulfilled this object^in tbe mountain region from which ' it derives its name, and we are glad to see that through tbe instrumentality of Messrs. M Moss and Co. it has been placed in this market. In no part of tbe world is such a preparation more required. Although medicinal in its effects, it is in 1 flavour one of the most delicate of aromatic j liquours. Holloway's Pills and Ointment.— Djapepsia, Jauadicc.—TIieGe ccdiplaiots are the results of a disordered liver, which secretes bile in quality or quantity in capable of digesting food. Digestion re quires a free flow of healthy bile, to promote which Holloway's Pills and Oint ment have long been fatuous, far eclipsing every other medicine. Food, irregularity of living, uuwbolsome climates, and other causes are constantly deranging the liver, but that important organ can, under, all circumstances, soon be regulated and heaUhly adjusted by Holloway's Pills and Ointment, which act directly upon its vital secretion, The Ointment rubbed on the skin penetrates straight to the liver, the blood and nerves of which it speedily rectifies. One trial is all that is needed ; [ a cure will soon follow. 