CHAPTER V-SIGHTS AND NOISES. There is not an old house in England of which tho servants and young people who live in it do not cherish some traditions of the ghostly. Enowl has its shadows, noises, and marvolloiid records. Ruchol Ruthyu, the beauty of Queen Anne's time, who died of grief for the handsome Colonel Nor brookc, who was killed in tho Low Countries, walks the house by night, in crisp and sounding silks. She is -not seen, only heard. The tapping of her high-heeled shoes, the sweep and rustle of lier brocades, her sighs as she pauses in the gal leries, near the bed-room doors; and sometimes, on stormy nights, lier sobs. There is, beside, the '?'link-man," a lank, dark-faced, black-haired man, in a sable suit, with a link or torch in Ms hand. It usually only smoulders, with a deep, red glow, as he visits his beat. The library is one of the rooms he sees to. Unlike " Lady Rachel," as the maids called her, lie is seen only, never heard. His steps fall noiseless as shadows on floor and carpet. The lurid glow of his smouldering torch imperfectly lights his figure and face, and, except when much perturbed, his link never blazes. On those occa sions, however, as he goes his rounds, he ever and anon whirls it round his head, and it bursts into a dismal flame. This is a fearful omen, and always portends somo direful crisis or calamity. It occurs, however, only once or twice in a century. I don't know whether Madame had heard any thing of theso phenomena; but sho did report what very much frightened me and Mary Quince. She asked us who walked in tho gallery on which her bed-room opened, making a rustling with her dress, and going down the stairs, and breathing long breaths hore and there. Twice, she said, she had stood at her door in the dark, listening to these sounds, and once she called to know who is was. There was no answer, but thc person plainly turned back, and hurried towards her with an unnatural speed, which made her jump within lier door and shut it. When first such tales are told they excite the nerves of tho young and the ignorant intensely. But the special effect, I have found, soon wears out, and the tale simply takes its place with the rest. So it was with Madame's narrative. About a week after its relation, I had my ex perience of a similar sort. Mary Quince wont down-stairs for a night-light, leaving me in bed, a candle burning in the room, and there, being tired, I fell asleep before her return. When I awoke the candle had been extinguished. But 1 hoard a step softly approaching. I jumped up-quito forgetting tho ghost, and thinking only of Mary Quinco-and opened the door, expecting to see the light of her candió. Instead, all was dark, ami near mo I heard the lall of a hare foot on tho oak lloor, It was as if somo ono had stumbled I said, "Mary,"- but no answer carno, only a rustling of clothes and a breathing at tho other side of the gallery, which passed off towards the upper staircase. I turned into my room, freezing with horror, and clapt my door. Tlie noise wakened Mary Quince, who had returned and gone to her bed half-an-hour before. About a fortnight after this Mary Quince, avery veracious spinster, reported to me,"that having got up to lix the window, which was rattling, at about four o'clock in the morning, she saw a light shining from tho library window. She could swear to its being a strong light, streaming through thc chinks ol'tlio shutter, and moving, as no doubt tho link was waved about his head by tho angry "link man ." These strange occurrences helped, I think, just then to make mo nervous, and prepared the way for the odd sort of ascendancy which, through my sensu ol' thu mysterious and supernatural, that re pulsive Frenchwoman was gradually, and it seemed without effort, establishing over me. Somo dark points of. her character speedily emerged from tho prismatic mist with which she had enveloped it. Mrs. Rusk's observation about tho agreeability of new-comers I found to be true, for ns Madame began to lose that character, her good-humour abated very perceptibly, and she began to show gleams of another sort of temper, that was lurid and dangerous, Notwithstanding this, she was in the habit of always having her Biblo open by her, and was austerely atteutivo at morning and evening ser vices, and asked my father, with great humility, to lend her porno translations of Swedenborg's books, which shu laid much to Uftürt. When we went out for our walle, if tho weather were bad, wo generally made our promenade up -r--; ¡ind down, tho broad terrace in front of the win dows. Sullen and malign at times she used to look, and as suddenly she would pat me on the shoulder caressingly, and smilo witli a grotesque benignity, asking tenderly, " Are you fatigue, ma chere ?" or " Aro you cold-a, dear Maud ?" At first these abrupt transitions puzzled me, sometimes lull frightened me, savouring, 1 fancied, of insanity. The key however, was accidently supplied, ¡ind 1 found that those accesses of demon strative affection were sure to supervene whenever my father's face was visible through tho library windows. I did not know well what to make of this woman, Avhom I feared with a vein of supersti tious dread. I hated being alone with her after dusk in tho school- room. She would sometimes sit for half an hour at a time, with her wide mouth drawn down at the corners, and a scowl, looking into the lire. If she saw me looking at her she would chango all this on the instant, affect a sort of languor, and lean her head upon her hand, and ultimately have recourse to her Bible. But I faucieel she did uot read, but pursued her own dark ruminations, for I observed that tho open book might often lie for half au hour or more under her eyes and yet the leaf never turned. I should have been glad to bo assured that she prayed wheu on her knees, or read wheu that book was before her ; I should have felt that she was moro canny and human. As it was, those ex ternal pieties made a suspicion of a hollow con trast with realities that helped to scare me ; yet it was but a suspicion-I could not be certain. Our Rector and the Curate, with whom sho was very gracious, and anxious about my collects and catechism, had an exalted opinion of her. In pub lic places her affection for me was always demon strative. In like manner she contrived conferences with ray father. Sho was always making excuses to consult him about my reading, and to confide in him her sufferings, as I learned, from my contu macy and toiiiper. The fact is, I was altogether quiet and submissive. But I think sho had a wish to reduce me to a state of the most abject bondage. She had designs of domination and subversion re garding the entire household, I uow believe, worthy of tho evil spirit I sometimes fancied her. My father beckoned me into the study one day, and said he "You ought not to give poor Madame so much pain. Sho is one of tho few persons who lake an interest in you ; why should she have so often to complain of your ill-temper and disobedience ? why should she be compelled to ask my permission j to punish you ? Don't be afraid, I won't concedo that. But in so kind a person it argues much. Affection I can't command-respect and obedience I may- and I iusist on your rendering both to Madame." " But, sir, ' I said, roused into courage by the gross injustice of the charge, "I have always clone exactly as she bid me, and never said one disre spectful word to Madame." "I don't think, child, you are the best judge of that. Go, and amend" And with a displeased look he pointed to the door. My heart swelled with the sense of wrong, and as I reached the door I turned to say another word, but I could not, and only burst into tears. "There-don't cry, little Maud-ouly let us do better for the future. There-there-there has been enough." And he kissed my forehead, and gently put nie out aud closed the door. In tho school-room I took courage, and with some warmth upbraided Madame "Wat wicked cheaile!" moaned Madame, de murely. " Read aloud those three-yes, those three chapters of the Bible, my dear Maud." There was no special fitness in those partiuclar chapters, and when they were ended she said in a sad tone * "Now, dear, you must commit to memory this pretty priaire for umility of art." It was a long ono, and in a state of profound ir ritation I got through the task. Mrs. Rusk hatea uer. She said she stole wine and brandy whenever the opportunity offered-that she was always asking her for such stimulants and pretending pains in her stomach. Here, perhaps, there Avas exaggeration; but I knew it was true that I had been at different times despatched on tnat errand and pretext for brandy to Mrs. Rusk, who at last came to her bed side with pills aud a mustard blister only, and Avas hated iurevocably ever after. I felt all this Avas dono to torture me. But a day is a long time to a child, and they forgive quickly. It Avas ahvays Avith a sense of danger that I hoard Madauio say sho must go aud see Monsieur Ruthyn intho library, and I think a jealousy of hor grow ing inllucnco Avas an ingredient in "the detestation in Avhich honest Mrs. Rusk hold her. 