LITERATURE. MENTAL PHYSIOLOGY.* The fact that such a title is prefixed by a prominent thinker to a work on the philo- sophy of mind is strongly significant of the materialising tendency of contemporary thought. A similar title is used by the late Sir Henry Holland for his Chapters on Mental Physiology, but it may safely be said that it is only in the present age that such a term could be employed in this way, or that the dominant thought which it symbolises could have found expression and general acceptance. As Professor Huxley has said, it is equally easy, and, if done consistently, equally allowable, to "speak of matter in terms of spirit, and of spirit in terms of matter." But the tendency of the day is evidently and very decidedly towards the latter method. We have no interest now in seeing matters of natural science considered in theological or metaphysical lights, and, on the other hand, it is considered a gain to the progress of human thought when subjects that have hitherto been given over to metaphysical or theological modes of treat- ment are claimed by positive science as fall- ing within her department. It is, therefore, time that the science of the human mind, which has long enough furnished subject for the barren and undecisive contests of metaphy- sics, should be approached in a different way, and the study should, at any rate, be begun with an investigation of the bodily structure which affords the only sensible manifestation of the mind's existence and mode of working. We have seen how much and how little the inquiry into the mind could yield when conducted in "terms of spirit," and it is now time to see what can be extracted from it by pursuing an oppo site course, and commencing from the oppo site end. In the old method the action of the body on the mind was thought a subject not worthy the notice of transcendental meta physics. The consequence was that the system set up, however ingenious or profound it might be, had but a shadowy foundation, and only existed till it was dissipated to make room for the equally unsubstantial structure of a more recent philosopher. It was thus that the empiricism of Locke, the idealism of Berkeley, and the pre-established harmony of Leibnitz all had their turn, and that Kant had to give place to Fichte, and Fichte to Hegel, each finding the demolition of his predecessors' labours the easiest portion of his task. Persistence in this profitless toil is not in accordance with the temper of the present age, which will abandon any field of specu lation, or accept any limitations upon thought, provided that by doing so it can obtain unassailable certainty within the narrow limits that are left. To thinkers of the present day, if the old questions have not lost their interest, the old methods of stating them have lost all their meaning. The problem, "whether it is by the activity of the spiritual soul that the bodily processes of respiration, digestion, &c.;, are carried on," appears to us of to-day about as significant as the question that used to occupy the attention of the schoolmen, "How many thousand angels at one time could dance on the point of a needle ? The ruling view on such subjects is well ex pressed by a passage from the writings of the late Charles Buxton, quoted in the volume under notice:—"Irresistible, un- deniable facts demonstrate that man is not a den wherein two enemies are chained to gether, but one being—that soul and body are one—one and indivisible. We had better face the great fact. It is no good to blink it. Our knowledge of physiology has come to a point where the old idea of man's constitu tion must be thrown aside. To struggle against the overwhelming force of science, under the notion of shielding religion, is mere folly." This passage very well gives the key-note and the standpoint taken in the book before us. The volume in which Dr. Carpenter has now embodied the gleanings and reflections of many years on the physiological basis and organism of thought and consciousness con tains little that is new or that has not been before put forward by that able thinker and other fellow-labourers during the last few years. But its great merit is is its present ing in systematic and complete form the fullest statement that has yet been made of the views of a school of which Dr. Car penter is a prominent member. It is di vided into two parts, one being devoted to general and the other to special physiology. The first treats generally of the relations between mind and body, traces the nervous system and its functions from its most rudi mentary shape in the lowest forms of life to its complete development in man, and deals with the phenomena of attention, sensation, perception, instinct, ideation, habit, and will. The second treats in full detail some special phases of psychical activity. In the first part the author has little difficulty in ex hibiting in its strongest form the close de- pendence of mental phenomena upon physical conditions. He says :—"The whole series of phenomena which so plainly mark the in fluence of the Body on the Mind, of physical upon psychical states,— the obvious depen dence of the Mind upon the healthful nutri tion of the Brain, and upon its due supply of Oxygenated Blood,— the effect of Intoxicating agents, and of Morbid Poisons in perverting that activity, and especially in withdrawing the "Mechanism of Thought and Feeling' from Volitional control,—the remarkable in- fluence of local affections of the Brain, traceable in some cases to defective sup ply of blood, in others to blows on the head, in producing strange dis turbances of Memory, —the large share which certain states of bodily disorder *"Principles of Mental Physiology." By Dr. Car [00. 18T4. on the part of Parents, or conditions tending to induce defective nutrition during the periods of Infancy and Childhood, have been proved to possess in the induction of Idiocy and Cretinism, — the distinct Hereditary Transmission of acquired habits, which, modifying the bodily constitution of the Parent, repeat themselves in that which he communicates to his Offspring,—these and numerous other phenomena might be cited in support of the Materialistic doctrine, and must be taken account of by any one who would seek the solution of this mystery." A portion of the first part, which has an important bearing on the explanations given later on of memory, habit, and the phe- nomena of electro-biology, mesmerism, hyp- notism, it, is that which refers to the relation of the brain as the organ of thought with the sensorium or the seat of conscious- ness. The latter Dr. Carpenter places in the "aggregate of sense—ganglia, through the instrumentality of which we become con scious of external impressions, and thus feel sensations." The seat of consciousness is not in the brain, neither is the brain the instrument through which we become con scious of the impressions made by external objects upon, our organs of sense. It is erroneous to suppose that all mental opera tions are states of consciousness. The fact is, as shown by experiments on birds, that the cerebrum is not essential to consciousness at all. The cerebrum is merely the bodily organ of thought, but is like all the bodily organs, has a mechanism of its own, and often works in a purely automatic manner, only the resulting change in the organ making itself felt by its reflex action upon the sensorinm. " According to this view, we no more think or feel with our Cerebrum than we see with our eyes; but the Ego becomes conscious through the same instrumentality of the retinal changes which are translated (as it were) by the Sensorium into visual sensations, and of the Cerebral changes which it translates into Ideas or Emotions. The mystery lies in the act of translation ; and is no greater in the excitement of ideational or emotional consciousness by Cerebral change than in the excitement of sensational consciousness by Retinal change," The principle of the automatic activity of the brain, either associated with or aloof from the consciousness, is copiously treated in its application to habit, memory, succes sion of ideas, and kindred subjects, and finds fell exposition in the very interesting chapter on "Unconscious Cerebration." The idea here treated has long been recognised more or less explicitly, and has been dis cussed and expounded by German psycholo gists in "terms of spirit" under the title of the ''preconscious activity of the soul." It is, however, only by considering the subject in connexion with the physiology of the brain and the sensorium that any rational explana tion can be arrived at. Regarded in any other way we have to deal with unconscious thought at the same time that we are re quired to view thought as mere successive changes in the state of consciousness, and have to make use of such unsatisfactory figments as the supposition of a "latent con- sciousness"—that is to say, a consciousness which is not conscious. All this is avoided by assuming that the brain, any other physical organ, possesses an automatic activity by which it can work, according to its own organic laws, without engaging the atten tion of the consciousness. A rich collection of anecdotes and illustrations is given to aid the exposition. The fact is placed in strong relief that if the mind is engaged on a problem, if its conditions are definitely realised to the mind, all of the facts in which it is involved committed to the memory, then the subject is dismissed from the con sciousness, the solution will often be reached without effort, and the mind will some time after he startled by the presentation to it of the sought-for result There has been no conscious effort to reach it, nothing of what we usually understand as thinking; yet it is there, and the question is, whence it comes ? An example is given in the case of "one of the most admirable discoveries in modern mathematics—that of the method of 'Quater nions.'" Its author, the late Sir W. Rowan Hamilton, gave the following description, in a letter to a friend, of the mode in which the first conception of the discovery occurred to him :—"To-morrow will be the fifteenth birthday of the Quaternions. They started into life, or light, fell grown, on the 16th of 1843, as I was walking with Lady to Dublin, and came up to ... „ -bridge. That, ia to jsay, I arid tbere ftK *be galvanic curie of thought. dote; and the sparks which fell from it were the fundamental motions between i, j, k; exactfy such as I have used them ever since, 1 pulled out on the spot a pocket-book, which still exists,! and made entry on which, at the very moment, I felt that it might be worth my while to expend the labour of ah least 10 (or it might be 15) years to come. Bat then it is fafr to say tbai ;tbls wad becaose l frit a problem to hAvebee'n at th at irioment soloed which had haunted me at least for 15 years before." Dr.O. Wendell Holmes, in his "Mechanism in Thought and Morals," has seen this principle very clearly. He questions "" whether persons who think most--that is, their minds—necessarily do most mental work. The tree you are sticking in 'will be growing when yon are sleeping' So with eveiy new idea that is planted in a real thinker's mind: it will be growing when he is least conscious of it. An idea in the brain is not a legend carved on a marble slab; it is an impression made on a living tissue, which is the seat of active nutritive processes." Elsewhere the same thinker says, in eloquent words— " Our definite ideas are stepping-stones; how we get from one to the other we do not know; something carries us ; we [i.e. our conscious selves] do not take the step. A creating and enforcing spirit which is with us, and not of us, is recognised everywhere in real and in storied life. It is the Zeus that kindled the rage of Achilles; it is the Muse of Homer ; it is the Daimon of Socrates; it is the inspiration of the Seer; it is the mock ing spirit that whispers to Margaret as she kneels at the altar; and the hobgoblin that cried ' Sell him, sell him !' in the ear of John Bunyan; it shaped the forms that filled the soul of Michael Angelo when he saw the figure of the great law-giver in the yet un hewn marble, and the dome of the world's unbuilt Basilica against the black horizon: it comes to the least of us as a voice that will be heard ; it tells us what we most believe; it frames our sentences ; it lends a sadden gleam of sense or eloquence to the dullest of us all; we wonder at ourselves, or rather not at ourselves, but at this divine visitor, who chooses our brain as his dwelling place, and invests our naked thought with the purple of the kings of speech or song." Few who have ever reflected on the undeni able fact that so large and important a part of their mental work is done unconsciously, that in the labour of thinking a happily endowed mind is aware of little more than the result, and that the logical processes by which the result is supported, or is conveyed to others, are by no means those by which it was reached, will consider that the poet-philosopher of Boston has too strongly stated one of the most remarkable phenomena of the mind regarded in its function of originator. All of these considerations are ably applied by Dr. Carpenter to the discussion of the mesmeric, electro-biological, and spiritualist phenomena of the present day. Interesting passages are those which deal with the curious phenomenon of the regular oscilla- lations which take place in anything—a ring or piece of metal—suspended by the thread to the end of a finger. Readers of Goethe's Electric Affinities will remember an incident connected with this, and, indeed, the experi ment is familiar to most persons, and the result ia unquestionable. For some time it was attributed to Baron Reichenbach's mys terious force, "Odyle," but has been proved by indubitable experiments to be merely the result of " expectant attention " involun tarily and unconsciously producing the results for which it is looking. If the person holding the thread cannot see the suspended weight no regular result, nothing but simple unsteadiness, is perceptible. The indications of the "divining rod"are explained by the same method to be similarly produced by muscular action regulated automatically and uncon sciously by the ideas in the mind of the operator. It is only another step to apply the same explanation to " table turning" and "planchette writing," where expectancy, heightened by love of the marvellous, has produced the phenomena for which it watched. The very well conducted series of researches carried on by Mr. Braid, of Man chester, thirty years ago are shown to have been a complete exposure in advance of the practices that are designated " electro- biology." However conclusive they may have been, they did not prevent" the world being turned upside down " by a couple of itinerant Americans, who in 1850 styled themselves " professors " of the new art of electro-biology, and attracted large and be- lieving audiences to witness their perfor- mances. Mr. Braid had before shown, with reference to the " animal magnetism," and " odylic'' force of Reichenbach and his followers, that all the phenomena could be produced without magnets by the state of artificial reverie produced in some persons by the simple act of concentrating the attention. He now came forward to show that the performances of electro biology involved nothing more, "the whole secret consisting in the induction—through the steady direction of the eyes to one point at the ordinary reading distance,' for a period usually varying from about 5 to 20 minutes— of a state of reverie, in every respect similar to that which had previously fallen under his notice." The submission of the mind of the subject to that of the operator, and the determination of his beliefs, sensations, and actions by outward suggestion complete the result. The production of artificial sleep (hypnotism), was also investigated by Mr. Braid, and his researches still supply a valuable fond to the knowledge of this sub ject and its attendant phenomena. Another chapter of Dr. Carpenter's book treats the kindred topics of mesmerism and spiritualism. To the former subject the teachings of Mr. Braid and his hypnotic results have intimate reference. The mar vellous cures of mesmerism and spiritualism are shown to be merely cases of the cure of diseases by "expectant attention," of which the "charming away of warts" is a common-place instance, and the well-attested "miraculous" cure of the niece of Pascal in the nunnery of Port Royal by the touch of a " Holy Thorm" Is a well- known and remark able historical case. In dealing with, spiri tualism proper, Dr. Carpenter has little to say more than was urged in his celebrated article in the Quarterly Review in 1873, of which we at' the time gave a very full digest in The Austral asian, He points out that, with respect to may be admitted readily enough, "since they> ledge, and are readily assignable to principles determined by the scientific study of the class of facts to which they belong," As to another class, which are not so conformable, but which are not in absolute opposition to what we deem the best established laws of nature,"we may receive them upon absolute evidence, without doing violence to our common sense—holding ourselves ready to seek their explanation in a more extended acquaintance with the powers of mind and of matter." And as to the third class, that are in direct contrariety to our existing knowledge," however the external evidence may be in their favour, "the internal evi dence is altogether antagonistic to their re ception ; and its force in the well-ordered mind must remain concluthe validity of all statements, save those which shall have been carefully, sagaciously, and perseveringly investigated by observers fully qualified for the task by habits of philoso phical determination, by entire freedom from prejudice, and by a full acquaintance with the numerous and varied sources of fallacy which attend this particular department of inquiry" As these are the general canons of scientific research, there is no reason, as Dr. Car penter observes, why they should be at all relaxed in their application to a subject which so demands the utmost caution and watchfulness. It is unnecessary to point out to the attentive reader the significance of the unquestionable fact that in spiritualist wonders it is always the most extraordinary and incredible ' manifestations" which are supported by the weakest testimony, and that the unquestioned ones are always those that are capable of other simple explanations. In passing from the subject, the subjoined ex tract from Mr. Edward' Tyler's Primitive Culture is well worth quoting " The received spiritualistic theory belongs to the philosophy of savages. As to such matters as apparitions or possessions, this is obvious; and it holds in more extreme cases. Suppose a wild North American Indian looking on at a spirit séance in London. As to the presence of disembodied spirits, manifesting themselves by raps, noises, voices, and other physical actions, the savage would be perfectly at home in the proceedings; for such things are part and parcel of his recognised system of nature. The part of the affair really strange to him would be the introduction of such arts as spelling and writing, which do belong to a different state of civilisation from his. The issue raised by the comparison of savage, barbaric, and civilised spiritualism is this Do the Red Indian medicine-man, the Tatar necromancer, the Highland ghost- seer, and the Boston medium share the possession of belief and knowledge of the highest truth and import, which, nevertheless, the great intellectual movement of the last two cen turies has simply thrown aside as worthless ? Is what we are habitually boasting of, and calling new enlightenment, then, in fact, a decay of knowledge ? If so, this is a truly remarkable case of degeneration; and the savages whom some ethnographers look on as degenerate from a higher civilisation, may turn on their accusers, and charge them with having fallen from the high level of savage knowledge." In conclusion we may say that although Dr. Carpenter's method is not always the most orderly, although his book is too dif- fuse in some of its parts; and includes modi that is of very little relevance to his subject, it forms a valuable compendium of the " mental physiology " it undertakes to treat, and collects much matter of great value to the future progress of the science of which it represents the earlier stages. 