i;/rJtffii^lwWV;\ CLIPPINGS FROM THE PAPERS. It is stated that at Castlemaine, a young woman, whose sweetheart was in gaol, enfc deavored to solace him. by sending into the prison an apple pie, the design being to furnish her awain with a pipe and some tobacco, which she concealed' inside the dish. The warder, however, tested the goodness of the pie, and confiscated the contraband articles. Writing about Captain Hovell, the Goulbourn Serald, a New South Wales paper, says — ' This well-known veteran explorer, who lately was suffering from ill-health, has recently He is now in his 89th year, and is still hale and hearty. His hearing is quite perfect, but his Bight is impaired from the effects of ophthal mia contracted in 1847 at the junction of the Murrumbidgae and the Murray or Hume.' , Lately, in the Victorian Assembly, Mr. Berry made a comparative statement of the de oreaie in certain imports, as shown by the re turnfl of 1863 and 1873. In 1863 bran was im ported to the extent of £27,000, but in 1873 it lad disappeared altogether. The item of butter in 1863 was £164,000 ? in 1873 it was merely nominal, being only £2,300. Candles, in 1863, were imported to the extent of £236,000, and had decreased in 1873 to £107,000. Carriages, in 1863, £48,000; in 1873, £4,600. Cheese, in 1863, £75,000 ; but in 1873, only £2,000 worth was imported. Flour, in 1863, was imported to the extent of £132,000; but In 1873 only £2,500 worth was imported. In 1863, the imports of grain, fruit, furniture, . potatoes, saddlery, &c;, amounted to £1,191,000 ; but in 1873 they had decreased to £276,000, showing a rauing-ott oi £9LD,uuu in articles, an or which were produced in the colony to the ex tent of the displacement. The decreased im port of beer, wine, and spirits was to be ascribed to increased temperance and local pro duction. In 1863, slops,' and boots and shoes amounted to £786,009; but in 1873 they had decreased to £318,000, or a diminution of £468,000. 'The movement started at Adelaide by the Very Bev. Dean Russell, in favor of reforming funeral customs, with a view to reducing the cost of interment, 1b,' the Aus tralasian says, ' a well-intentioned one. There is, as the experience of most people has in formed them, a good deal of truth in what was said at the meeting as to the distress caused by bereavement being often increased by the charges entailed by the absurd mummery de vised by the undertakers, apparently with the objeot of reconciling us to life by making death and its attendant ceremonies as hideous as possible. That the notion could, for a moment, find place in the mind of a civilised man, that respect and affeotion are shown to the memory of the dead by the use of the dingy paraphernalia of funerals, the theatrical plumes, the mock solemnity of the undertaker, and the hireling melancholy of the 'mutes' will exolte the commiseration or the incredulity of future ages. Still, the question arises, why should a 'movement,' a public meeting, Association, Committee, and all ihe rest of it be needed for the abolition of such senseless pageantry. One speaker said that 'private Individuals could nob do much in reforming ao time honored an observance;' but we would ask why ? What is -the compulsion that causes people to submit to the gloomy tyranny of the undertaker in this matter? The answer is vanity, the emptiest, silliest of rivalry, and the dread, powerful above all others, of what Mrs. Grundy will say. When people are so weak as to be slaves to such pitiful despotism, perhaps they need all the strength that co operation can givejbut it is doubtful whether his is sufficient.' A case of determined suicide at sea occurred on the voyage of the Bodney, a large new iron clipper ship, which lately -arrived at Melbourne from London. The Argus states that ' The Bodney left Plymouth on July 7, with, a large number of passengers of all classes, amongst those in the second cabin being one named Benjamin Fellowes. Three days after leaving Plymouth, Fellowes, HIUI lUfcU UCCU UUllUlUtiRbUijr UUUUUHl WlbU over-indulgence in stimulants, was seized with | an attack of delirium tremens. A lead ing idea appears to have been in bis mind that some one wished to kill him, and at 10 'p.m. on July 10, when most of the pas sengers had retired, he commenced vocife rating * Murder, murder,' in a loud and ex cited tone, and making a great disturbance generally. Captain Louttit, who commands the Bodney, came at once to the second cabin where the commotion was going on, and as he was the only one who could exercise any influence over Fellowes, he succeeded in getting him calmed down, and to be much more peace able. Fellowes then expressed a desire to have a separate cabin for himself, and on this re quest, and for the safety of the other pas- en- gers, Captain Louttit had him transferred to another cabin. Previous to his being placed there it was carefully searched, with a view to the removal of any instrument or other means by which he could injure life or limb, and a watchman was placed outside the door. Quiet ness afterwards prevailed in the cabin until about midnight, when Fellowes became again obstreperous, making a great uproar, and wanting to get out. The watchman told him he would have to call the captain unless he discontinued the noise, and this ap parently had the desired effect, for he shortly afterwards relapsed into a stillness which was never broken. Early next morning, on opening the cabin door, a shocking spectacle presented itself. The body of Fellowes was hanging by the neck from the post of the bid, cold and stiff. The kneeB were resting on the deck, so that the self -strangulation must have been de liberate and determined. The unhappy man had effected his purpose by means of a small leather strap or belt, which must have been under his body clothing, and thus escaped notice, for, as already stated, the cabin was subjected to a rigid scrutiny before he was placed in it. The body of Fellowes was com mitted to the deep that day.' Some curious evidence was given be fore Dr. Youl, City Coroner, states the Mel bourne Argus, of September 30, at an inquest held by him on Tuesday at North Carlton, on the body of Ernest Auguste Beison, aged tight years, the son of Christian Beison, a gold miner. The mother, Gertrude Jane Beison, said that the deceased was taken ill about three weeks ago and was attended by Mr. Still man. On the 21st instant her husband went to where she was living in Richmond and took away the deceased, whom she did not see again except once during the week and on the night he was dying. Her husband ceased to live with her on the 23rd July last, be cause she had an illegitimate child. He left her two of his childien. She thought the deceased was neglected, . because he had no proper medical attendant after he was taken from her. The deceased's father stated that about six weeks ago he came down from the country in consequence of his daughter dying. Within 24 hours of the daughter dying his wife was confined of an illegitimate child. He left her, leaving the deceased with her. As soon as he heard the deceased was ill he took her from hoT- onH nan o_ w/iman tiatnan ATnaafnAtii* +** ana him, thinking that was the only way to save his life. The deceased was well cared for, night and day, by witness, who never left his bed side. He died on the night of the 26th inst. Elizabeth Armstrong, medical clairvoyant, EuBsell- street, deposed that she saw the de ceased on the evening of the 21st inst., at the request of the father, who 'said that three doctors had seen the child and. given him up. She found the child in what she considered the last stage of typhoid fever. The head was in a state of great inflammation, and the brain i was u a Btate of inflammation. She did not examine the pulse, not understanding anything about it. She recommended that the deceased should be given some raspberry-leaf tea, and other tea, to relieve the braia, and that he should then be given jelly diet, and nothing solid. Witness did not know what part of the body was attacked in typhoid fever. She knew nothing except when she was in the clairvoyant state. Saw the deceased three times. - Was not ? paid for seeing him, and advised the -? father - to send for another doctor -on the second day : that she saw him. Elizabeth -E., wife of Samuel Alford,4ierk, North Carlton, said that the de ceased was brought to her ? house on the 2l*t Inst., very ill, by the father, and was seen several times by Armstrong. He was well looked after by witness and the father,, and Was given food regularly. Dr. Barker,' who had made a postmortem, examination, stated that the cause of death was inflammation of the peritonial membrane. ..There were no indica tions of neglect. Did not think death was due to the removal from Richmond. The treatment by Armstrong did no harm to the deceased; The Jury returned a verdict of death from peritonitis. ' .From time to time we have received,' states the Shoalhaven Ifews oi a /ecent date, ' startling intelligence frond. Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have.been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Bobert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest, consternation by the appearance of an appari tion. On Tuesday night Williams-'a family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking ? up and down the verandah witn heavy-nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a despe rate spring at the intruder ; but finally gave up the: contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all ' locks, bolts, and bars,' entered . the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a ousnman, « went to we oea wnere jut. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bedclothes off the bed and lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went ta where there was a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded several times, aB if beating time to music. After keep ing! Williams . and his family in a terrified state for! some time, his ghostship departed. Wil liams avers that he has heard and seen this, strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his house and judge for Them selves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman wen-known in ' this distriot, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manila hat on, dressed in moleskin, trousers and a blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to at tempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, found that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the veiy old hands of the district that one of two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago.' The following letter to the editor of the Waka Maori shows that the Maoris are as keenly sensible as their European neighbors of the truth of the old proverb about a ' bird in the hand' : — ' Whangapoua, 22nd June, 1874. (Imattniy T haav that +.TiA 1 fta. 1H 4lYiA mm XVSLVi able per year for the Waka, Maori, and that you duly notify in the Waka that the money must be paid in advance, and that the WaTca will afterw.ards.be sent. You are a prudent and cautious man, my friend, but doubtless yon are right; some of the young- men might cheat you. Adhere to that principle, 'the money first and the Waka afterwards,' and you will be safe. It is certain the skids must be laid down before the canoe, for it to slide upon ; therefore I send you in this letter 10s. as skids for the Waka Maori to travel on to me here &'. Whangapoua. When -it arrives then will 'Jacob rejoice and Israel be glad.' This 10s. is for the year .1874, and I want the back numbers commencing from January last. It is ' a nuisance that my name, which I affix hereto, is so very long, but I give yon the initials only of a portion of ifc.— -T. H. W. Tapiata Kiwl' The New Zealand Herald relates the following anecdote:— 'Some time back a young man landed on our wbarf from the Bay of Islands. He was in a very despondent frame of mind, for he had, in the language of romance, courted a young woman, and the young woman having warmed up considerably in his favor, she, as young women and old women included have done before and will do again, jilted him. Then he came as stated. It was at the very hpui at which the female immigrants were being landed from the Miltiades. The thought struck him — a happy thought as it has siuoe turned out. He watched the young women as they filed along the wharf, until one struck his gaze, and seized upon his admiration. He followed her to the barraoks, sought the matron, and asked her for an introduction. This granted, he there and then proposed marriage. The girl was unable to give an answer that day, but would, she said, the next. The next day came, and the answer was favor able. The day following the clergyman had made the twain one. Then the young husband tqpk his young wife back to the Bay of Islands and introduced her to the lady who had jilted him. And the lady did not like it, nor does she like it atsy the more that the couple sit before her in church every Sunday, by which her devotions are not so fervent as under other circumstances would perhaps be the case. The young man says he has got the best of wives, and the young woman declares to possessing the best of hus bands.' The following -return shows the number of paid telegrams transmitted through the Eastern Extension Australasia and China Tele graph Company's oable from Port Darwin for the week ending Friday, Ootober 2:— From the colonies— South Australia, 3; Victoria, 23; New South Wales, 23 ; Queensland, 8 ; New Zealand. 4; total, 6L To the colonies— South Australia, 9 ; Victoria, 41 ; New South Wales, 16 ; Queensland, 5 ; New Zealand, 5 ; total, 76\. Grand total, 137. Respecting the Beecher scandal the following telegram from New York, published in the Alia California of August 16, gives the latest intelligence: — 'The past week has been a monotonous one as far as the Beecher- Tilton case is concerned. The subject of the great scandal which has engrossed the publio and pri vate interest is not flagging yet, and the great question now is, who is going to speak next, and what will the revelation be ? The scandal loving circles maintain that other reputations are trembling on the verge of unenviable publio notoriety. General Tracy says the Committee is unanimous in their opinion, and will soon report, but what that opinion or verdict will be time alone must reveaL That it will be a vindication of Beecher, however, is undoubted. Many of Beecher's friends and congregation have made congratulatory calls on him, considering the matter settled. Beeoher's formal vindica tion is certain. One veiled lady who testified before the Committee, was the adopted child of Tilton. The Brooklyn Eagle this afternoon says, when she had lived in TUton'4 household, Tilton, having become a free-lover, attempted to debauch her. He forced his wav into her bedroom, and several times during his. wife's absence the girl alarmed the household, and eBoaped his' loathsome embraces. She finally left the house, and afterwards told Tiltpn'o wife what occurred. She was finally induced to sign, a statement denying that it fiver occurred. Tilton then sent her out to school. Moulton paid her tuition and board, it ia sug gested, with Beeeher's mosey. This Is her story, as related to the Committee. TheJEagle publishes a statement by the Rev. Dr. llalli day, assistant Pastor of Plymouth Church, wherein he says that Tilton visited him in November, 1872, at Moultou'a request, and made a complete denial of all the scandal then circulating. .He, however, insinuated other grievances against Beeeher, and at the same time asserted his wife's purity. A short time afterwards Moulton made a similar statement, maintaining that Beecher was perfectly inno cent and pure, and denouncing the whole scandal.'1 