THE STORY-TELL.ER. TJHE WILLOW FARM: AN; ARTIST'S STORY.:; : That day passed uneyentfully. save in:one:respect, that on comting back by:river, to Ookhami towaids nine o'clotck at night, Michel: was seizid with a violent fit of coughin g, which obliged hinm to. abandohn his oar. I took his place, although -he protested against my doing so, after "having been ao ill so long;" '.but I itreiated to have my way, to'r I ha-idbeen struck by something:peculiar in. his cough;. and although!le" assuied us it was nbothing, ydtI felt without knowing why Y-vague sense of anxiety. ': t seemed to t- that 'when I had gained nmy point, and was insistirg upon wrapping up Michiel warmly, Rose May's eyes wyre fixed upon me in griatitude; and I am certain' that :when I took off my own scarf"to put round iny friend's lhrooat, I heard ai * voice- not. Michol's-- hi-Deri '' Thank you " . The next day we resumed our homely ife, Michel toiling 'hird and ceaselessly as before to publish thei book, Tfo which four hundred pbunds had been pritmised hi• I woorking to drive thought away and zo kieep my spirit-in" subjectionf.. \Vork isaperhaps 'sorrow thappy ip tsoe' who can employ it. But whereas I had hoped thit e.achi ,day vwould help to alleviate my pain, wi was riot without a feaiful heai't-ac~ch that I began' to .see how each day, on tlie contrary, I needed more- woik to SKeep n?yself fiom wvyering.. "A lso, I noticed: that I was! daily 'losiin iti bodiy sJtrength that my frice' was be6 comning wan, my. eyes haggaid, and tiat ii'y features'instead of presavoring a calme collected look, w.re .fast as suiniug an appearance of se'ttled wretchedness. Michel attrituted :thi; to oveiori. and imiplored me to to take some rest. But lihe too, was strangely alt, ring,, and I, as anxious about him as l.lose was - coqplained that in thinkirig of otliea s he was neglecting himself.'. .Ever since the boat day that cihugh," which I had once o. tiwice noticed before, i.t never thought at all :serious, continiued to hold and tor=. nititt hii. r .E coughid a great: deal of "morniigs ;I I could isear him, thirough the flooi of my room, wlhihi was sitlhited just .above his.' but he piould laugh imy fears atwiy" when I spoke on thiin att'er, just as I. did too,. w-hen i.he told me that sometiing was up wvithi me? andithat I w.s:-only thd ghost of my former self. Mrs: May - Swho obseived l is. both,. ended at last by looking .giave. "Sh:e reonstrataed earnestly, first wiitfl Michel: aind then. with me. To each of us':secr;etly .she said" that the life of tho oiher would b'e eindangered if this continued, and by' this means 'lbt"ained thatileach; 6f us saeperately iiould. *p'eisuade'' his ftiiend- to take a ten days' holiday it London. Eicellent?, kind/heaiiteid wo mui , how far .you were, .with I ll youi miotheUily tait, .'.friom guessing th It iwasnsettledta.we shu.ld stitarta as isorinasiufMiTcriel-hiddode -'evising- his proiof -sheets; ofi'which he had about a :hiunided mnore'. inild n :Mis'r. *May gead to acconipany:us ai'dto aika Rose.. WitWi hber. : SIte lihad .;an ainit living ii, Lo0idoin, and tfliis occasion .would be a goopd one for .paying her a long-j rut:ised :,isit.- : Iti would; also f fuunislh iR savw.ithli the;6pportunity of seeing., the' gteit ci'iy: through which she had o:n!iy passed opnce.l when .t tittle girl so that the tri- is: things were -arranged, seemed destited tol b a-?godsend to everybtidy.: I wrote. to my. old landlady, -Mrs. Pilke," to ask lier if sbe could proVido my fiiud and niime "with a bed-room for fiftuecn or tiventy" da;ys ---:-It may cseem "sur prising that fI should have: -done this :in f'ce of the "wholesome .teitrb this wo-rthy- persJn had always ihnpird n?e with; but matn is a being of capricious 1ways, and I filt as: though iiy. hind lady was asort'tof old fritid d, now' tiiit umy hlaart', mote impressiblo: to kinid udss, could detect .the evidonce of ad c'rtuain iougih affection ini the ivay she *had formierly -bullied mine.: I; received the following note froim her fi. answer. to myy letter:- ". "Mu: Joim WooL., SIa- ": Altoiiugh it has .always .ibeen a vqondr' .;to me, that a young man, brought up iii a Christian laud, and taught to read his Bible shiould think of earning his bread _ by'puiiitiug, .yot it. has beeq a mercy tu-:me to'reflect. that you was a lwnys -regula.yi'i pauying y,.ur rentf and .that. saiing youtr for :gettnig to lbock p youI ten aLnd sugar whenever yot u Went out, you was etherwivie iwell behaved., ..'W-hich, hadi it uo> beei so, I beiiong a .,espectablG womnan you; never could have founid a lodging in my :house; r? Wool. ,. 1" Mr. John Wool, Sir, your rooni happoeuni to be. empty since 'last' Tuesday week, and another beside i, being-the same, owing to a gentlentan who played the flute on Sunhdas-a re ceiving his notice froth mie, I have no objection .to taking -you and your friend in-which you'll please to think I should not have done siich a thing for everybody, seeing that you write. that your friend is a foreigner, and that foreigners, not. having had the benefit of- Christian .training, aie. commaonly' dangerous company: for women as respect tlemselves. . "Your obedient Servant, -'.. . . ,1 ' ,N E.- PI.E. "* This matter settled, there was nothing to? do. but wait the ?few days until: Michel was ready; and make oui prieparations fer- starthng. It seemed to me, that we set about this, in a very cheerless spirit,:' and imore like people about to part on the eve of a-lengthy voyage than like friends Jetting off on a pleasure. trip. Pei'haps it was merely by hlazard, 'but .I thinkk myself it was from a: vagie and tfndefinred presditirient~;'we.avoided the subject ot our coining journey. M]rs. May would occasionally: touch upon it with a sembl n-e of pleasure, but her gaiety was foredd and found no echo a:either with Michlel; witliRos; , o- with me Our cieerfull evelings in thedrawing room had gradually. ecome0asilent and: oppressive :There: wa-.s smethi ~gnovei b u< tliat :we; 4could` nitt dispel a secret dread of coming evil which neither. of us -could ,have ex o plained nor yet accounted for, ?ut :which mode us.fear to heir?eachl btlie speak, lest we should fiud iu one an other's words some stray iejfection of our gloomy thought, ihfichel's health was worse ; his, cough wmais becominig mo re `harsh and hectic and Rose: Ma:s to my alarm, was fast losing hei colour too: A set tied melanclhly had fastened upon her;i the eightt 'of M aichl's decline was blanching hei face, :and slowly hbut surely- dimming those brigl?ht eyes -which but a -little( while befere had. beamed so cleai.and peacefully. Her smile was gone, and when she. looked at Michel, who, struggling manfilly against his illnes, continued to tell' us that there was ?nothing, to '"fear,`" the convulsive quivering of .both hoi lips was scarce controlled by th'e efforts.she mnade to hide her anguish: 'This n`ew cause of gief added to the feariful ap prehensions . already lia f about Michel Ternue, was making the.burden of my owii sorrow too heavy to be borne My sufferings were of the kind to ihich uUcertrinty leads :double bitter piss. I felt that' the time hlid come to lckAio the truth, :I resolved o find out what the matter ieally was with Michel to clear up my terrois about ris state of thealth to fathom Lhi feel ings with r"egard to Ro'e ; arid if h. is heart, as 1 truly" thought, wasi as wholly hers as .mine "was; .to do my best t? hng about tnir marri ag e. . Michel hai d only te more pages to revise, a coupleo of hours work, at most; and- we 'were to:stait for London in two days We wee e -all' gathored together, each doing somnething, to wvhile away the evening, biut' all of uis more sad and ::siient thiin: usual', A t < few words I had ventuied onice or:i Svice in hopes of itiducidg i. :rs May or rose to spealk hlad been, s:uffered to f all unheeded,: anid the scritclifig sound of Miclielas pen on the priitiad paper of the slips,.: was all that could 6be heard in the 'roon: : a tatquarte to ten I laid down my book; i?'d the even Ing being clear and fine, I. valked out for a monment on to .lie alwn to make up my iiniid, by a :few iniiutes s?oli tude, for the resolution',? had takeni of speaking to Michel that very nigh? as soon as lie slil ld aive?rotired to his room I couiild nothave.Obeen abeniit rmoe than ten niiin-uts b)fobie,.I hesiard a piercing cry of alai and: theli are miorientlMis lay appeaied pale and bieatliless at the .indiow, aiid called to me in a teir'ified voi-e "to come! in. "' Be quick, Mr.V.ool, there's fin :'c cideiinthappened ; Monsieur Terme has \- (lb lbe cont iued.)} 