THE NOVELIST. OUT or COURT.* A NOVEL. br Mrs. Cashb& Hoey. Vol, III. *' The OoBPel checks the law that throws the BtOne." —" "Hi© Ring and the Book." ' Chapteb V. In a small but neat bedchamber, very bigh up amid the long ranges of apartments of one of the large hotels in New York, a woman sat, working, near One of the two •windows. She was young, and handsome handsome enough to have been taken at first aight for an American,'and with something of the peculiar slightness, transparency, or, akin, and fineness of feature which are eharacteristic of American beauty. But a nearer inspection would have dissipated this notion; as much by the air, which was drooping and humbled, and thus unlike any that the women of all the world most {favoured by their social institutions wear, as by the colouring and expression of the face, which both marked the lady as English. "The brown eyes, with their long lashes and level brows, the soft brown hair,: which ourled closely about the head in short rings, ■as if it had recently been shorn ;in illness, the a clear and tender rose-tint of tfye cheek, lasting through its due season, though no one could look at that face witn •out " knowing that sorrow had warred with its bloom, and the calm carve •of the lips and chin were all essentially English, aud of the English aristocratic caste. This lady's figure, just of middle height, and youthfully graceful, was slight almost to -attenuation, and the bands which held the. •delicate lacework on which she was engaged, were dry and wasted, as they should not have been at her age, still far within the, limits of the epoch of rounded wrist, and dimpled palm, and rosy finger-tips. Her -dress was scrupulously neat and delicate, hot remarkably plain for the place and the fashion of the day, and she wore by way of: ornament only a tew sipaple rings and plain, gold ear-rings, such trinkets as a young girl might have before, she was admitted to the, -delights of full dress. No traces of greater luxury than those borne by her dress were; evident in the arrangements of her room.' Its -appointments were as simple as they; •oould be, consistently with the utterly in dubitable fact that she was a lady. None of - the elegant and luxurious trifles which travel' About with their fair owners now-a-days, as a matter of course, and transform,the most, temporary abode into a capital imitation of a Belgravian home, decked the two tables and the walnut-wood bureau ; no monogrammed, turquoise and coral set dressing apparatus Adorned the toilet. A few books, a plain1 writing-desk, and a basket Containing the materials with which she was working were placed on the table near her. There she •sat, as the afternoon advanced, rarely' -glancing through the window-panes at the; .street which lay so far below, but occasionally lifting her eyes from her work to mark the pigeons which were circling and wheeling Above tbe window, and some of them perch-; ing and cooing on the adjacent waterpipe; then venturing timidly to pick up the seeds whichshe she had scattered upon the window tsill, hoping thus to lure the glad and gentle -birds to cheer Lersolitude; ana when she thus lifted ber eyes, there was in them something' •like the ghost of a radiant upward glance, whieh had charmed many an observer long .ago.1 ~ When the hour for the general dinner was -near the lady put away her work, and made, some trifling alteration in her dress. This1 •done, ahe stood dose by the window and; watched tbe pigeons, until a tap at the door was followed by the entrance of a lady, who presented a striking contrast to herself. . The newcomer was tall, large, superbly .dressed, handsome in a totally diffent style; a type of prosperity, good humour, and happi-' ness. She was about 35 years old, her eves: .were blue, her luxuriant hair, arranged after; •the latestfashion^aafair; ahe had a bright; colour, and a smilingmouth. with the whitest i •p! teeth.; If her .air JLfmked a certain refine- j -meat, it was not wanting |n a pleasant cheer ful kindliness that amply compensated for! j the deficiency, and rite homely tones of her voice, with its peculiar but not disagreeable •accent—one of those American intonations: <wfaoh avoid tbe drawl—brought, a smile to; .tbelipe of the muchyonnger lady whom she' <had come tosee. ,';y \ "IVecome to fetoh you, lira. Gwnptofi. I1 scant have youmopipg here, mvdeavjust: hecanM thm safrwhhatchof strangers!. . Wby. how is it youarefa>t used to I%>mTby Ihis^me, and you thnee montbs herei^ .... ! . There weresome people whom I knew by; •sight here, wtri laatwpsk,'' grid Airs. Comp rtoa, and Idrinotmindit then ;an4 stops aron are «o kfarkfa »elshall begin not to! mind it now. ! onthe English fashion, a^livecr die fa this ■little place, and no one know or care. Are jFjm ready? j We'h hear.the gong in t*o M.MM |Trobody thathtotrostod tortri {" And, herhnsband left her done here inj I New York within a fortnight," thought Mrs,: B'^gnt, •" What a bratehemustbe I") twp ladies now entered the general dimngroom together, and found themselves in a scene which has often been described, | but which must be seen jto be realised in its entire distinctness from our own manners, | and customs. The company was very numerous, and what we should call in England very mixed: but there was none of < the sullen reserve, in consequence, which marks a heterogenous gathering in England., Easy good humour Beamed to be the order' of the day, and though no man or woman copied his or her neighbour, neither did any appear to object to the. individuality of others. Mrs. Bryant and Mm. Compton were joined immediately on their entrance by the husband of the former, a good-looking, good-natured, elderly gentleman, with thick greyish hair, bushy greyish whiskers, and a florid complexion, who realised much more nearly the popular notion of a Yorkshireman than that of a Yankee. Mr. Bryant Bpoke :as kindly to Mrs,Compton as his wife had done, and led the ladies to their places, taking his own between them.. ; Mr. and Mrs..Bryant resided at Boston.. Their present stay, sat New York was only temporary, and connected with Mr. Bryant's business in the shipping line, which was very extensive. They were clever, observant peo ple, very independent in mind and action: ,and though tney retained certain traits of speech and manner which we would mill "provincial," they had seen a good deal of the world, and understood what they saw. From the first they had regarded Mm. .Comp ton, whom a trifling occurrence had intro duced to them, with interest and curiosity. They knew enough of English people, though they had never been in England, toenablej them to estimate Mrs. Compton's birth and breeding rightly, and to feel assured that her present position—lonely,.unattended, and evidently one of straitened means.—was. totally out of keeping with it She had been living at the —: Hotel for three months, having been brought there by her husband, who left her almost immediately and that was literally the entire sum of the information to be gained re specting her. That she was in some' trouble, and had no one to bef riendher, was Mrs. Bryant's ready conclusion, and that she; would befriend her was her prompt resolve. < 'She had acted upon it, and .though she had, no nearer knowledge of Mrs. Compton's real ; circumstances now than she had begun with,' she had come to like and pity her heartily,, and had long ago taken into her very: tenacious mina the conviction which she was apt to reiterate several rimes a day to herself; j and to Mr. Bryant, that Mrs. Compton's husband was a brute. | They were not so devoid of knowledge of' | the world as not to see that there must be i something unusual in .Mrs. Compton's; history, which rendered her life so lonely and'! her so averse to making any effort to decrease; that loneliness. "Her brute of a husband is away, and likely to stay away, so far as I can make out," Mrs. Bryant would say, "and she might surely enjoy a little liberty. But no, she is as solitary as ever, and:I can hardly get her outside the dpors of this place, where she is alone in a crowd. No doubt there's something queer about her, but it's not ill condnct, Simon, that's pretty plain, and she's certainly married, to the fellow, for she's pro foundly miserable—miserable as only a man she most abide by and can't help herself can ever make any woman; you may trust me on that point." And Simon E. Bryant, who trusted his wife on every point, felt satisfied that she was right, and remarked heartily that there could not be anything that could do them any harm wrong with Mis. Compton, and he hoped his wife would be kind to the poor young thing, who, moreover, was nice company for her when he was busy and away so long as they stayed at New York. To many of the persons present, the fair: delicate face of the young English lady, with the short brown curls, and the luminous brown eyes, was quite familiar; they bad seen her come and go, take her place at the long table, and leave it. without Bestowing a thought upon her. Life.was a buBy and a serious thing to. them, and crowded, with faces, fair and sad,; and fair and merry, • and the English' lady, *ho wag having so .unnseallylong a spell of .boarding at the—— Hotel, passed almoetas .unnoticed, as die wished to pass. On this occasion Mr. Bryant • w»- even;:more, talkative, and kind than , usual. He had been trotting ont his favour ite hobby'that afterhobn, descanting upon ships sud shipbuilding,to a newly- arrived party of English people—there they were at the far ena of, the' table, ■ His. Compton' glanced in the .'indicated' direction, and Breathed -freely {'among tee group there was ,'npt one face winch,she. knew,' There was a .vacant chair leaned against the.teble/indi carihgan op; the side facing "her, and nearest ,thela$tof the English group. Mrs. Comptoni had not . observed, this in her relief,u»ril, iha.khditen! lull in the conversation opposite she^teftrd ai few words of' apologyjfoif a latp .'arrival spoken 1» a voice which jwnt Ker , blood! tingling through Iter. veina^ andturaed J^er iparble-wbifc '" * ... ^teatele-whi^'jteVteh, V&cant; . chair j wis token by Marcus. "'' ' V ', . j ;: Marcus saw her it toe,**1?6 "tetant teat; she'recognised, him, sad. also saw, in ton mstetok j^te, Pompten .wan nbt P^nrii There jMtfikst a moments pnoertaintyin his; >ninn he Bhonldle&ve; the room.) tiv©' _ „Bent apqaafntanpiBg, viwi .. _ widflhereforte, nobne'preaeht ^selves ocrald be; nwaw ofihe this chance enooohter.1' So he e. stad eo did she, cu^d theordi i bf' the dirihbt went bO/lMbjr pyaaMy brokettp^ehtf imenti^wlfietbe-,—,. boa, ot their I mntVcafce, to go out _ fcJr'fiifcndB wen irarronhaedl I itttn fe^Seo^en; whoa* $pij ] end Oft*, (nlwn ItogethW. bTtfcelaUbfthe! some vroids of worse, lb, Bryant half lifted the other lady from the carriage. She clung to hie arm almost con-{ vulsively, as he vent on, with friendly frank neas— # " And. let me introduce Lord Frampton to yon, Mis. Gompton." VI am giddy—I am not well," stammered< Blanche. "She hasn't -been well all through our! drive," said Mrs. Bryant, "I'll first take her to hen room," and the good woman took pos-: session of Blanche, and gotherinto the lift and upstairs, somehow, leaving the gentlemen to' themselves. On the following morning Marcus received a note, which contained these words— "I am not free to leave this place. Of course you are. I have no right to hope that you will be so merciful to me as to go, and yet I think you wilL" Mrs. Bryant made her way to Mrs. Comp-' ton's room before noon, and found that she .bad not risen. White and motionless she lay, in her cuitainless bed, with such a look of homeless pain in her face that the heart of .the happy American lady was touched to the core. "I think you are very ill, my dear,"she said, as she took a seat by; the bedside, and laid her cool hand upon -Blanche's burning forehead. "Have .you slept at all? You don't look as if yon had." " No," said Blanche, in a hoarse voice, ."! have not slept, and my head is racked with pain. You are very kind to come to me, but —but I am better alone, when I have these severe attacks of nervous head-ache. They last the.ir tipae, nothing puree, and nothing relieves them. " ; . "If you would really rather be alone, I won't inmst'on staying with you, but I should like to sit here, and read—1 won't talk to yon—if you don't mind." Mis. Bryant, had privately, resolved, if Mrs. Compton should not be better in the after noon, to send for a doctor. Blanche could not refuse, this proffered kindness, and Mrs. Bryant, having laid a handkerchief steeped in eau-de- cologne on Blanche's head, opened a book. Blanche murmured an inquiry for Mr. Bryant., , "He's very well," was the reply, "only a ! good deal disappointed about this -.new acquaintance ■ of his, Lord Frampton, going . away bo suddenly. He was to have had quite an exploration of the ships with him, but some news has reached him : that obliges him to leave New York at once. Simon is quite put but about it. A nice looking man, though not handsome, I' thought, didn't you? But I forgot; you; were too ill to notice him. There now, I'm: breaking my, resolution, and talking to you." (Blanche smiled faintly and put out her; -hand to her good friend, who took the wasted fingers in hers, and held them there. Something of the fixed misery of the young ■ face' relaxed, the head turned upon the; pillow, , and tears welled ouw slowly from beneath the dosed eyelids—tears which Mrs.' Bryant affected not to observe. Neither did she take any notice of the deep sobs which presently shook Blanche's slender frame; but merely held the clinging hand more dosely. By degrees Blanche grew calm, and; after a while she fell into a deep sleep. That night, Mrs. Bryant said to her hus band—"Simon, I'm convin convinced there's some- - thing very wrong with Mrs. Compton, and I don't mean to go away from New York and leave her here, without finding out what it is, and making some effort to set it right What can that man mean by leaving her alone here: all this time V * " Just that he is a bad husband," said Mr. Bryant "that's what's wrong with Mrs. Comp-, ton, my dear; and yon had better not try to; find out anything about it, for you may be quite sure she will not tell you." Mr. Bryant was right A fortnight after: the abruptly terminated visit of Lord Frampton to New York, Mr. Bryant, having, concluded his business in the Empire City, returned to Boston with his wife, who had continued her kindly attentions to Mis. Compton up to the time of her depar ture, but had gained no closer insight into the young English lady's history. Only when bidding Blanche farewell did Mrs. Bryant hint at her perception of her unhappmesa,, and her surmises respecting its cause. Then, i in a few, homely, Impressive words she told her if ever she should need protection, Bhe might fearlessly andSecurely apply to her and her husband for it. Blanche thanked her, and dung to her, hut told her nothing, and when-she had left her, and She was utterly1 alone, without a friendly voiceto break inupou her solitude, the utterance of her heart was, " Thank God, they are gone—gone before be returns—that I am spared the misery and the shame of that?- ■ "The misery and the shame !" It had; come to that, then, for Blanche Compton ? It had come to that lOngago:' it had come to that so soon, that' now, when Shelooked -back epon the past/in hprlohely hours of > musing, it seemed to herthat'the delusion,; the inaidbeSS, that had come 'over her had ■ bad no appreciable -duration,' had come ana j gone like a swift and evil dream. The story < not be difficult,or complicated to relate;j might be told of alinbst/ anywoteian who had1 -put herfateihtotheb&aas; cframanwho had the best right of Any, sAVeone, to despise and sosjfeet htr. And trho was a, villain. The differences in sufch' histories. <an <miy oe amerenpoB ai aexau.; a muet more or leiw of ebareeneesln contempt, a little toore or. lees *>f inventJonend telne. men* in cruelty, fe litt^ more oc tets of houtlf misery according; fco the temper Of the mm wbo ass£s&&sma;$& theefctenttowhick theyoOn -putfcne^thoir BlweWWato&^&Sr; etoiy in theee two words, *'irSh6iT hhd nm**"-* s-.* <"* j to-vrnt • '■' The character of Godfrey GomptoOWM Wn -enigiba to1 Blaficbe. who had neternttft Ma men |v»|h>v diectf&ed;, 34ngne<e cl ^"eentlemnn nnler fojr > anjr ao^HBm^Eoe— rfnfffiinf i>ftii fit ftiiiiiiii fe iiiii?fmnltt' i 'iiBMnj and vainly against the merciless walls. Bier punishment was perhaps mote swift, though not more sore, than that which comes to. ftll , sinners of her kind, and the medium of it was the almost invariable medium—her tempter and her accomplice. It is, however, with the sequence of events in the history of Blanche ; Compton that this story has to do at present, rather than with her feelings. Immediately after their marriage, Godfrey Compton had made the demand of Philip MacMahon which has already been; re corded. The supreme contempt with which he heard Blanche's hesitating explanation of Marcus Severn's conduct towards her father with respect to her fortnne, was in itself a tremendous shock to her. Bo utterly re moved had her life.been of late from all care or thonght for money, or its meaning, that she had never considered, the result to her father of the fatal step she had taken. The luxury the indulgence, the utter ease of her life, had surrounded her like an atmosphere in which ■ she breathed. Sheneverthougntof itas a thing which might cease to be, arid never could be recalled. When she was .questioned in the most practical and unreserved mariner by Compton as to her own fortnne, and when she found that he had taken its amount and conditions into very serious consideration - before he decided on fulfilling his engage mentetoLordFarney, by marrying her, agreat pang of remorse for her father's sake seized upon her. But it was all too late now; she! had pulled her father, who had been kind to her in his careless way, and who was not to blame for his wife's doings, down in her fall, arid nothing could ever raise up either. Blanche had to submit; thenceforth there was nothing but submission before her—she. who had rebelled against all guidance, all re monstrance, haa resented the admonition .of a look, the disBerit of a tone. And so her lover (!b married her, and demanded, her; money from her father, and got it, and spent = it, gambled it away, without any reference to' her, for though it was ''secured to her, and payable only to her own order; it is surely quite needless to point out the futility of aU' such supposed! guarantees for the safety and independence of a woman who is in the power nf a TrillaitV TTp hoA nnlv M Ka o/loAnotalr ' V w , ■....■>. »—-W MMM %vr WW WUV>^U(*l/«iJ : cruel to her, in proportion to the former strength of her so-called will, and he will get 1 her money from her, as surely as King Ed ward got theirs from the Jews; only by apro- ■ cess more barbarous and not so rapid. | Hertotalpowerlessnessto help her father, to' stave off or mitigate the blow which Compton dealt him, was the first complete revelation of ber fate to Blanche. It was followed by many others, for Compton had no farther object to gain by keeping urfany delusion on her part, and he permitted her. 1 ■ to find out his character with a.perfectly frank cynicism. She, who, had hitherto been accustomed to find her wishes, her' comfort, .her convenience given; precedence of all other considerations, as a matter of course, now discovered that she! must perforce take a secondary place, or any J place at all that she should be given, ana, that the less fnss she made about it the' better for her. At a very early period of their marriage Godfrey Compton had taken care; to disabuse her mind of the notion, which, she might have entertained, that the cere-: mony she had gone through with him would secure her heme treated with any more, respect than he had shown her previously; ana his conduct was always consistent with his declaration. She was of no account in; his life, except in so for as she afforded him themeansof enjoying the pleasnreshecoveted more freely. They had no fixed home, and '; she was never consulted as to their move ments, nor were her tastes or feelings con-: sidered in the least. She had no friends, and no society; and after a while she ceased to wish for any—she sank into mere brooding, over her misery. Godfrey Compton was.not jealous of her, as he explained with his customary coarseness. What she had done once she would probably do again, he was perfectly well aware, hut she would do it under totally different circumstances. If she deceived him, he would simply turn her out; lift Vlflrf BA/mroil oil tlA nronflOJ in V»ia Mwanwa on Marcus. Blanche could hardly have loathed him more utterly than she did before he said this to her; but she despised him taore thoroughly from that time forth—he became her ideal of baseness. It was a con siderable time before Blanche, who had never thought seriously and consecutively oh any Bubject, or had an idea of studying html an nature, came to understand the ir rational fixed idea which.had possession 6f Godfrey Compton, and on' which time had no weakening effect On one point only she retained sufficient courage to' oppose him ail through—she would not suffer nim to dis cuss the matter with her. . Such was the in-. curable, the unspeakable coarseness of the man's mind that he had' tried to question -her minutely as to the particulars of Severn's property, the value and appoint-i ments of Severn-court the Bcale of ex- ! penditure on which Marcos lived, 'and. other ■ patters concerning which the ra vening greed which filled his -wicked heart. wata anxious. But Blanche would not ;hear, and would- not answer bis que$-« rions ; and neither corses, threats, nor blows could -force her .to do either. God frey\5ompton was hot ashamed to resort to any, or to all thfese expedients; bat she con- i quered him" in that one matter, nod famed : bim to beUeve ber when She toW him that nothing which in the ingenuity of'"hSsJ tyranny he couldresort c6 should « verta&ke; her utter her lost husband's name, ©ranawer! a question of his in whwfli it was mvbl ved.: Godfrey Comptoh had gone to Londoh for : a few weeks some months after Ids marriage i with Blanche, and had been astonilhed &nd; hBd^^^e tbe not' tm^^oim^mi^Aa of i might ham oouvh!teea*» b^^mtoa%um, he oobtinuedtodoeb,parft—— seffth*tit<*ouldbe«ai! hetheWpfaer of.Sevem-oourt t" Withthe • heU-inBaneperaifltenoy ofhis fixed idei, he I hima&fihforinedbf;' btery event to' the <rfMareus8ey^«ttdwaB ^rtaving theories ^iving m theHattu til&MoA; biadboen he MBtutMw,'1 thenhe nwk sSmb BOy!" ■hcmoiirable mention! R.Y.C.,:'4M:prtfglt 3? than suspected that tm«AgtOM#1l 1\. . ■ ■■ 1 it tour, in concert with certajn aaratuhfen« with whom ho had consorted mndi bf late u Paris, but she did not heed, she wfp ppst 4# that now. She had nowhere togo, nooiw' stay with, or she would hive prayed Mm leave her in France, and he very would have done so, bat old fid notions were not yet quite extinct in and the possibility of living quite alone „ not yet occurred to her. So she went witjh him, and daring the voyage she suffered terribly. Many times she. believed herself to be very near death, and she was desperately afraid to die. Not now only from the mere physical fear that bad always easily beset her, or from love of life, for she retained as little of that as any living creature in the fullness of youth could retain, lmt . the fear .which comes with the awakening of con. science to the sense of an inevitable reckon ing with God.. Through no human medium had this awakening come to Blanche; she bad been helped to it by no minietiv tions, by ho reading; it was the unseen, dirpct .dealing of the Creator with the creator^, For some weeks after their arrival at Nhw . York,: Blanche continued in a critical staT during which she had sufficient bit, 'tendance, and Godfrey Compton did bt leave the .city. Sot when she recovered! and danger to her life whs at an end, bnt her weakness forbade her to travel about, he de clared he could not wait any longer, she must shift for herself and do the best she could until be returned. It was a welcome hearing for Blanche, as anything would nave been which secured her from bis presences Her personal privations had been increasing of late, and she knew, though he never gave her any detailed information aboat.toa affairs, that "lack " hod been against huh for some time, a circumstance which ^she silently attributed to the dishonestyof the associates with whom he was surrounded. The more material comfort, elegance, and ob servance which had once been here, -J*ow seemed to Blanche like the vaguest vision; hut the change had ceased to pain and goli her; the sources of her misery were many and deep ; this was hat one, and an .incon siderable one of them. At first she had had a personal attendant, and a good-sized bed room in not quite so elevated a position, hut within a month oif his departure for the west, Godfrey Compton had sent her peremp tory instructions to dismiss the young Irish woman who , had been acting as hef maid, and to transfer -herself to cheaper quarters. Blanche did just at first wonder whether she could do without some one to wait on her a little; but the doubt did not last long; she bad learned many a lesson of self-help and self-denial in a very hard school since she had fled from her and shut the gates against herself for ewer; and she had to make a further application oc them—that was alh She flid it, and she gojt used to it, as only thoroughbred women caado things of the kind, and with her innate good taste she laid aside every ornament and, ad junct of dress which no longer suited with her surroundings, and so ordered hej life that it would have taken a mnch more acute and experienced observer than Mrs. Bryant to have discerned in Blanche Compton. a woman accustomed to the, most luxurious life in the world—that of an Englishwoman of rank, wealth, and fashion. Those lonely weeks in the —— Hotel formed a strange epoch in Blanche's life, one through which the untaught, unaided mind struggled onward to the perception of many trhtEs, and the bowed and mourning heart gained somewhat in peace and strength. But with the tremendous shock which the sight of Mucus gave her, her little gain of peace and strength was dispersed, and though three weeks had passed away. sbe had hardly recovered from that shock when she was apprized that Godfrey Compton would reach New York on the third day after the receipt of bis letter. That would be the second after the departure of her only friends on that side of the world, and. aha had to thank God for that den rescue from further misery and sla 