NEWS OF THE DAY. Our foreign telegram announces another destructive fire at Chicago. It has fortu nately been extinguished without so much damage being done as on a former occasion, but still, the loss is computed|at 4,000,000 dollars. The Constitution Amendment Bill was re committed last evening in the Assembly, for the purpose of affording the House an oppor tunity of discussing Mr. Higinbotbam's pro posed addition to the proviso to the fourth clause, whioh limited the power of the joint Honses, in dealing with money bills, to reject ing or accepting them. The hon. member for Bast Bourke Boroughs, in order, as he said, to mitigate the mischief likely to arise from the operation of this proviso, proposed that any billa should be only referred to the joint Honses by a resolution unanimously passed in the Assembly during the second .session in which the bills had "been adopted. The object of this was apparently to relieve the Government for the time being of the responsibility of calling both Houses togsthcr, and vesting it in the Assembly alone. The Government accepted the addi tion with some verbal alterations, and the omission of the word " unanimously." The amendments made were then reported, and the third reading of the bill fixed for Tuea- dayjuext, Mr. Higinbotbam intimated that on the third reading he would move that the entire proviso to the fourth clause be struck out, Mr. Gillies succeeded in enrryiug lii scheme for railway expenditure for tho year through the Hoiiso last night without much opposition, and minus any amendment. Tho items passed were £08(54 for salaries and wages, £102,000 unexpended balance of loan to lie laid out on the North- eastern line, £253,000 for the Ballarat and Ararat, Castlo- maine and Dunolly, and Ballarat aud Maryborough linos ; £350,003 for material, aud £321,070 for construction of various lines already authorised and nearly ready for letting by tender ; and £142,000 for various works on tho different existing lines, includ ing large sheds at the Melbourne station. The subject of 50 lb. rails, as used on the Maryborough and other light Uses, versus GO lb. rails, as recommended by Mr. Greene, the resident engineer, and approved of by Mr. Wells, the Acting Engineer-in-Chief, and Mr. Watson, occupied the attention of the House for a couple of hoars last evening. The discussion was bronght on by a contin gent notice of motion, moved by Mr. Long- more, on going into committee of supply, expressing an opinion that it was not ad visable to incrcaso the weight of rails to be used in the construction of light lines. He descanted on this subject at some length, contending that tho 50 lb. rails would carry tho engines that had a hearing weight of four tons to the wheel, and that the country could not afford a more expensive kind of line, for increased weight of rails meant wider outtings, closer sleepers, arid other extras. M r. Gillies replied that there was no intention of putting the heavy engines on the light lines, oven if (50 lb. rails were adopted. He produced a report from Mr. A. Wells, Acting EngiDeer-in-Chicf, who ap proved of Mr. Greene's recommendation that GO lb. rails should he used, ns they would last twice as long as the 50 lb. rails. The Honse negatived Mr. Longmore's motion. t The practice of laying papers upon the table of tho library when asked for by hon. members, instead of upon that of the House, has recently, become very common in the Assembly. This, it appears, is strictly in accordance with the rules of Par liament ; but it sometimes happens that per sons other than members of Parliament obtain access to the library, and make liberal use of the opportunity to convert the contents of these documents to their own purposes. Last evening Mr. Whiteman moved thatpapers connected with tho case of Mr. Reginald Green should belaid before the Assembly, but to this Mr. Langton ob jected, but offered to lay them upon the table of the library. Some discussion there upon arose, during whioh Mr. Longmore submitted that all documents affecting the characters of individuals should be laid on the table of the House, so that tbe person interested could have access to them. It was pointed out that this course was fraught with inconvenience ; but in reply it was urged that, by laying papers on the table of the library, parties were Hot prevented from obtaining copies. The Speaker then stated that all papers laid upon the tnblo of the library were exclusively for the use of hon. members, and no other persons had any right to take copies of, or at all have access to, such documents. Last evening, in the House, the Attorney- General was asked what steps the Govern ment intended to tako in reference to the committal of Mr. Casey, surgeon, by Mr. Coroner Candler, in consequence of some dispute which occurred some days ago be tween these gentlemen at an inquest. Mr. Kerfcrd stated that he had seen a statement of the matter in the papers, but it had not been brought officially under his notice. Should this be done, he informed the House that a hoard would be appointed to investi gate the circumstances. The late alteration in tbe time of closing tbe mail for Sandhurst — at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon instead of half-past five — was brought tmder tho notice of the Assembly last evening by Mr. Service. The hon. member adverted at some length to the great inconvenience occasioned to the banks and mercantile commuuity generally in Melbourne by the new arrangement, which seemed intended simply to accommo date persons living near Maryborough, and who were desirous of reaching their destination by the last train at a reasonable honr. The banks, he stated, had in some coses given notice to withdraw from their undertaking to receive country cheques up to three o'clock. The time was now so limited between the closing of the banks and the despatch of the moils that the necessary correspondence to country constituents could not he got through, and thus business was delayed, and the greatest inconveni ence experienced. Mr. Langton, wbije agreeing with what was urged by tnft hon. member, stated that at present they could not go bock to the old system, inasmuch as it would necessitate allowing some 1000 letters to remain over for the night without being forwarded by the evening train. From half-past five to six o'clock, when the mails were forwarded to the train, the present staff could not sort the letters. He expected, however, that in the course of a short time the Com missioner of Railways would make such an arrangement as would mitigate, if not rcmovo altogether, the grievance com plained of. A correspondent has kindly forwarded to ns the following extract from the Manx Sun of tbe 2nd May, 1S74. It is thought to refer to tho fishing smack which was run down by the Oakworth, on her voyage out from Liverpool: — "Loss of the fishing lugger Olive, of Castletown. — This boat has not been heard of since tho 22nd March, when she was engaged in fishing off Kin- sale. It is supposed that she was run down by a passing vessel, and it is now almost certain that she has been lost, and that the crew, consisting of seven men and a hoy, have perished. Thomas Cubbon, of Arbory, whose eldest son was lost with him, has left a widow and five children, between the ages of eleven years and ten months, the eldest of whom is subject to epileptic fits. John Cornish, of Molew, has left a widow and three children, aged respectively ten, nine, and five years. Both these widows are totally unprovided for, and are industrious and deserving women. The vicars of Arbory, Malew, and Rushen, will be thank ful to receive any subscriptions for the re lief of the above cases." TheElections and Qualifications Committee have disposed of one portion of the petition by Mr. M'Cormick against the return of Mr. Godfrsy as a member for East Bnurke, viz., that portion relating to the treating. They have found that at the last general election refreshments were supplied to the electors by Mr. Godfrey, his agents or friends, but they were given unconditionally, and with out influencing the election, nnd conse quently were no offence against the statute. The petitioner then urged a scrutiny, and claims to have certain electors struck off the roll because they treated the electors. A list of |about thirty electors alleged to have so offended was handed to the committee, and the evidence already adduced in support of the treating by the sitting member was relied on as being double-edged. The committee de cided that as far as Patk. M'Gann, E. Elms and John Williams were concerned, the al legation of treating was proved, and they re quired witnesses to be produced as to other cases on which no evidence had been given by Tuesday next. They found that F. E. Godfrey, Thomas Wilson, Thomas Colcough, Thomas Langford, James Longford, Joseph Sidebottom, Robert Sidebottom, Samuel Sidebottom, and Michael Deegan had not been guilty of treating. The accident which happened on the Sandhurst line on Wednesday, at the Keilor station, resulted very seriously, but the con- sequences might have been much worse than they were. It is customary, in distributing material along the line, to leave a number of loaded trunks on the summit of an incline. They are allowed to run down, and are stopped at the several places where material is required, by men who manage the breaks attached to each truck. The train of tracks which ran into the goods van and carriages at Keilor was loaded with rails, and was started from the Diggers' Rest station just after the up goods train to Melbourne. When the trucks were started the weather was clear, and the rails dry, but after proceeding some distance the train passed through a heavy fog, which so greased the rails that the breaks became use- less. The trucks got beyond control,and dashed on until they arrived at Keilor, where they overtook and ran into the train, which was standing at the station. It is averred that no one is to blame for this costly smash, but it is clearly one of those accidents which are preventible in the future by providing more break-power. Quite a formidable deputation as regards numbers waited yesterday afternoon upon Mr. Langton and Mr. Gillies, at_the Trea sury, for the purpose of. submitting the claims of municipal bodies npon the Govern ment for a share of the endowment promised | to be granted to shire councils under the new bill to consolidate the . laws "relat ing to local government. Several hon. jnem- bers representing country constituencies also attended. Mr. M'Doucall, of Sandhnnt, laid before tho Ministers the ' result of the deliberations of the conference of delegates from cities, towns and boroughs npon the subject. Tjiis was, in effect, n de termination to'sccnro by all the constitu tional mean3 in their power, for tho districts which they represented .a sbaro.of the en dowment granted from tho general revenue, npon the basis that all municipalities with a revenue under £5000 per annum, derivable from rates, should receive £1 for every £1 raised in tho shapo of rates, while those with a revenue in ox-cess of that amount should rcceivo 10s. for ovdry £1 raised. It was also proposed that nowcr should be given to admit of the loans being ren dered chargeable upon the general revenue, instead of, as at present, upon a special rote. Mr. Langton, in the absence ef the Chief Secretary, informed the deputation that the Government would give their re presentations full consideration before pro ceeding further with the bill. Tho deputa tion then withdrew. Mr. Francis is still confined to his bed, but last evening was much improved. Some time must probably elapse bofore he will be in a position to attend to his official duties. QThe Ballarat Star has the following gossip respecting tho Grenville election At a meeting of the most influential residents and politicians of Buninyong, held on Wednes day forenoon, it was decided not to allow Mr. Lock a walk-over for the vacant seat for Grenville. It was decided to send requisi tions to Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr. Wil son,' ex-M.L.A.'s, the latter having been defeated at Ararat at the lost general elec tion. We understand that both gentlemen have expressed their willingness to contest the election if guaranteed aupport, and it rests with them to decide who will oppose Mr. Lock. Our Spythesdale correspondent writes : — ' When 'Mr. R. H. Lock an nounced himself a candidate for the vacant seat in Grenville, a good many in this quarter inclined to think that, from the existing com- binationof circumstances, he would be allowed a walk-over. It would seem now, however, that there is every probability of there boing some more candidates in the field. Sir John O'Shanassy is freely mentioned as certain to come forward, and on Tuesday evening an acquaintance informed me that he himself was then in correspondence with Mr. Richard Baker to ascertain whether he would stand. With regard to Sir John O'Shanassy's chanoe it is but fair to warn him that he has not what is popularly termed " the ghost of a show." Mr. Lock's chances are splendid, should they not be spoilt by some unfore seen circumstances. There are many here who would support Sir John O'Shanassy against any other candidate but Mr. Lock ; but there is a strong feeling that Mr. Lock has a claim upon the district against all comers.'" There has been a strike on a small scale at Williamstown for the past day or two. The Government have for a long time kept a gang of men at work wheeling silt into the reclaimed frontage between the steamboat pier and the water- police jetty. The laborers were paid a shilling an hour, but of late the supply of silt has been so inadequate that the men have only beon able to put in an hour or two at a time, and some days their earnings have not exceeded 2s. 6d. They conceived that, all things considered, they were entitled to a higher rate of re muneration, or more continuous work. On Wednesday they brought their claims under the notice of Mr. Birnie, but ho could not move in the matter, and the men thenstrnok. The overseer tried to put other men on, but only half-a-dozen offered themselves yester day. The strikers were peooeable enough, although one of them was given into custody for assaulting a man who subsequently accepted work. He, however, was not locked up, as the constable did not witness the alleged assault. There has been a pro posal made to finish the filling-up by means of prison labor. The men who are stand ing out intend sending a deputation to the head of the department to represent their case. We regret to learn that Mr. Clement Hodgkinson still suffers acutely from the malady which has laid him up for some time past. His medical advisers, Drs. Mother well and Martin, were in attendance on him yesterday. Towards evening he was a little easier than he has been.for some days. A meeting of the general committee of the Boys' Trading Brigade was held yesterday afternoon. Present : Messrs. David Beath, president (in the chair), Beauchamp,_ S. A. Richardson, Marsh, M. H. Daviea, -Walters. Wm. Inglis, Bestorck, Hunt, and Green, Reports were read from the superintendent, showing a continued increase in the nnmber of boys, and the success which was being gained by the brigade. Correspondence was read which showed that some confusion was being caused by the brigades which had been started in opposition by marine storekeepers being mistaken for those of the Boys'|Trading Brigade, and the seoretnry was requested to bring the faot before the public. It was de cided that a deputation should wait upon the Treasurer for the purpose of having a sum of money placed upon the estimates now being framed. The executive com mittee was instructed to take the necessary steps towards completing the purchase of premises for a home and for yards for carry ing on the business. The complaints of improper condust made against Mr. Stranger, the State school teacher at Cokurg, have been investigated by Mr. Elkington, inspector of schools, under orders from the Minister of Education. Mr. Elkington, after inquiring into the matters alleged, has decided that there has not been any very great impropriety, and has reported to that effect. The Minister of Education has directed that Mr. Stranger be reprimanded and admonished to be more discreet in fnture. The friends of Mr. Mirams have set earn estly to work in Collingwood, and from the large amount of support promised them are very sanguine of success. They are deter mined to use every legitimate effort to secure liis return. A meeting of those favorable will he held at the Smith-street Arcade this even ing. A number of Mr. Langridge's supporters met last night at Baker's Tramway Hotel, to form themselves into a committee for North Fitzroy to secure his return for Collingwood. Mr. , M'Mahon was appointed chairman of the committee, and Mr. Thomas Dent secre tary. A public meeting of Mr. Langridge's friends will take place next Wednesday evening. The fifth annual meeting of the Builders' and Contractors' Association took place in Phair's Hotel on Wednesday evening, when the report |and balance-sheet, which were adopted, showed that the association was in a prosperous condition. Several matters of great importance to tbe building trade have been dealt with throughout the year, and matters of dispute amicably arranged. A letter wss received from Mr. P. Mathews, secretary to the Victorian Institute of -Archi- tects, acknowledging receipt of amend ments in tbe new conditions of contract, and stating that the same had been referred to a sub-committee to report upon. The secretary was requested to write again, asking for a speedy settlement of . the matter, as it was of great importance to know whether the amendments were to be part of the conditions of contract or not. The se cretary reported that he had been waited npon by a workman who had lately met with an accident through which he had lost his right arm, and was now anxious to com mence a small business, and thus obtain a living for his family. The association, con sidering it would not be a misappropriation of its funds, voted |five|guineas towards the object. The election of office-bearers re sulted in the re- election of Mr. S. Amess as president ; Mr. D. Mitchell, vice-president ; Air. J. Pigdon,' treasurer; and Mr. W. Ireland, secretary. Messrs. Peacock, Lock- ington, Freeman, Paton, Sinclair. Swan. and Dick were elected members of committee. Mr. Andrew Wright was admitted a mem ber. It was decided that the annual dinner should be held about the beginning of next month. Respecting the forgery alleged to have been committed by Edward Ainley, an old Ballarat man, the Ballarat Star has tha fol lowing : — "The forged bill for which ithe accused was arrested had been forwarded to the manager of the Ballarat branch' of the Bank of AnBtralasia, who, on looking at the signature, immediately pronounced it to be a forgery, and communicated the fact. to. the. Melbourne branch. The warrant was con sequently issued for Ainley's arrest. In addition , to. this forgery, the names , of — Cairns, produce merchant, Mair-street, and James Cargeeg, Creswick-road, . have been forged to bills of exchange) and we have fall authority for stating that the forgery has been systematically carried on for some time, past, and it is not yet known to what extent the frauds haye been committed. Several Sandhnnt firma are also said to have been drawn upon. The in formation of Ainley'a arrast created quite a gensatioa in Ballarat on Wednesday, where he had been ao long known and respeoted. besides having been a partner in one of our leading firms in the corn trade, and many surmises were made as to the cause which had led him to commit so grave a crime. It is known, however, that he has met with somo heavy losses within the last year or two, and it is most probable that, like many other misgnided men, he anticipated beintf< able to clear himself by working on capital which was not his own, and ultimately be came inextricably involved." " This year's contest for the Chess Challenge Cup has just been completed, Mr. L. Gold smith being returned as the winner of it for tho second time. Tho winner of the tourna ment for IS74 was Mr. E. F. A'Beckett, and by the rules that gentleman had to play a match, decided by the winning of three games, with tho cup-holder, Air. Goldsmith Die result was that . Air. Goldsmith, who yielded the odds of tbe knight, scored three fame's without Mr. A'Beekott scoring any. liould the former succeed in winning the cup next year he will become its owner. The final match this year was looked for', ward to by chess players in ail the colonies with great interest, as it was anticipated that Air. Burns, long known as tho chess champion of the colonies, would come through the tournament and meet Air. Gold- smith. Air. Burns, however, succumbed to Mr. W. R. Stephen at the odds of pawn and two moves, and the latter gentleman in turn had to yield to Mr. A'Beokett, to whom ho had to grant the odds of pawn and move. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee yesterday, the matter of the re moval of Mrs.Topping transpired onoe more. As directed at the previous committee meeting, the secretary had written to the Messrs. Topping, stating that the com- mittee adhered to their decision, and that they must remove their mother. To that communication no reply had been vonch- safed, and the committee therefore reBolved that Messrs. Topping should be informed that unless Mrs. Topping be removed before Thursday next, the matter would be sub. mitted to the head of the Government de partment of whioh they are officers. George Everist, manager of the Bank of Victoria at Afalmsbury, was arrested last night by Detectives Lomax and Potter, and lodged in the City Watchhouse on a charge of uttering a forged cheque for the sum of £400, purporting to be drawn on the Bank of Victoria at Afalmsbury by one William Green. The prisoner was not bailed out. The fire referred to in yesterday's issue, which took place at Dight's Falls on Wed nesday, was reported to be that of a wooden building used by the contractor for the Reilly-street drain. It appears, how ever, that the building was used for the pur pose of manufacturing Woolf's patent blast ing compound, of which material there were about two tons on the premises. The Col lingwood brigade, with their reel, was quickly on the spot. No Yan Yean water being avail able, the building was soon devoured by the flames. The hooks of the firm, and a quan tity of the compound and some saltpetre were saved. During the fire several small explosions occurred, whioh were caused by the chemicals used in the manufacture of the compound. The premises were locked up at half-past six p.m., and the fire is sup posed to have been caused through some dis arrangements in the flues. The building and contents were not insured, and tbe loss is estimated at about £150. Yesterday morning tbe police at Williams, town were informed that a man known as " German Jack" was lying insensible in his hut off Cecil-street. On proceeding to tbe spot it was ascertained that the man was dying, and that assistance would bo of no avail. Death took place about two hours afterwards. An inquest will be held to-day . on the body. A woman named Frances Wilcox was brought before the Frahran bench yesterday morning as a lunatics. She was at one time a patient in the Yarra Bend, but recently she was allowed to live with her husband in Latrohe-street west, as it was thought her mind had recovered its soundness. .A few days since she left her husband's house, and was arrested wandering about Frahran on the 13th inst. She was remanded until Monday next, in order to allow inquiries concerning lier to be made. The following tenders were accepted yes terday by the Board of Land nnd Works .— John Stevens, cooking troughs, ovens, and general repairs, Lunatic Asylum, Beech- worth, £2G12 12s. Gd. ; C. Wakefield, emptying dust-bins, &c.;, at schedule rates. A boy named Charles Al'Cachney was brought before the City Bench yesterday ns a neglected child. The little fellow was found wandering in the streets of Melbourne about three weeks ago. Inquiries have been made concerning bis parentage, and it ap pears that his father is dead and his mother is in gaol. The bench ordered him to bo sent to the Industrial Schools for Jivu years. A Mongolian named Ah Y un was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with being in a public place with intent to com mit a felony. It was shown that the prisoner went up the right- of-way at the rear nl Messrs. Weaver and Co.'s store, Elizabeth- street, about seven o'clock yesterday morn ing. The firm had lost during the last six months about £20 worth of zinc, and tli.i thief or thieves could not he discovered. There were some zinc cases lying in the .right-of-way, which had just beon emptied of their contents. Mr. Robb, a clerk in tbe employ of Messrs. Weaver and Co., observed the movements of the prisoner, and on. searching him some zino was found in Ids basket. Detective Fook Sing stated that the prisoner had been convicted about fifty times for petty offences. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard abor. If the correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator is correct in his statements, the Ararat railway contract will not be finished for some time. He says: — "Instead of finding, as I expected, large numbers of. men and horses cutting down hills and raising embankments, I saw, every half- mile or so, one, two, or three men, with a barrow or two, digging nnd wheeling earth out of holes at the sides of the line, and carefully laying it with shovois on the line. 1 have no hesitation in saying that two years will not complete the oontracts at the present rate of progression, and when it is; made, without either being carted or wheeled over, it will be a considerable time before it will bear any traffic. That, however, is a matter to which the engineers will attend. It is somewhat strange that the traffic should be . opened on two other lines of railway before the Ararat one." At the meeting of the Collingwood Town Council, last night, it was agreed that the Collingwood council should meet the Mel bourne and Fitzroy councils to hold a con ference in reference to the Reilly-street drain. The Casterton correspondent of tho Hamil ton Spectator refers to complications already arising with reference to selections taken up by Victorians on the Border lands claimed by South Australia, aud suggests means whereby the boundary might be clearly defined. Ac cording to tho views of the South Austra lians, the town of Apsley— hitherto supposed to be a Victorian township — belongs to South , Australia. A man named Robert Hollick, aged forty- three years, residing at No. 42 Albert Park- terrace; Emerald-hill, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday. While under the influence of drink, at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway station, he staggered and fell, breaking his leg above the ankle. Wm. Woolcott, aged twenty-nine,- residing at Morang, was also admitted yesterday, having sustained a fracture of the knee, caused by his being knocked down by a horse. An old ship carpenter named Showman, living' at WilliamstowD, was found in an in- sensible state in his house yesterday morn ing, the police having been asked to force the door in by some of the neighboring residents. Tho man had, to all appearance, been lying there for forty-eight hours previously, and died without recovering consciousness. Dr, Maclean was called in and prescribed for the man, but in vain. An inquest will be held to-day. An action arising out of a wedding break fast was heard in the County Court yester day, before Judge Rogers, the plaintiff being Joseph Alman, hotelkeeper, Bourke-street, and the defendant J. G. Jakemen, his former lodger, who arrived from England in May last. The sum of £252g. was claimed for three week and a half's hoard and lodging, monqy lent, and catering for the wedding feast. Alman's statement was that Jakeman bor rowed several sums of money from him, fell in love with his barmaid, and married her in his honse. Plaintiff undertook to provide the wedding breakfast, for which he ohargea £25, and £12 6s. for the vinous libations poured out In celebration of the nuptials by the fifteen gueetewho were present. Amongst the 'charges was £6 10». for a wedding cake, which Alman arid waalargencb.and the kind known as a three-decker, bntjrniM . i . i 1 Jakeman contended was of just the contrary H ,li».-rii)tion. According to the plaintiff s 5 evidence there were twenty-five bottles of H <mnd champagne consumed ; bnt on this B L;n he was contradicted by the defendant,' B ho said .the wino was wasted by 1 ta'iing away bottles before they wero m -mntv There was much contention B also as to whether or not the £25 H charged for the breakfast included wines. B Defendant complained that several of the H mjests at the breakfast were not bidden by H him, but the plaintiff's answer was that I (,mc of those invited did not come, and then, H at defendant's request, ho brought in others, H hp 0p the vacant scats. Witnesses wero H called, who proved that tho feast was abun- H dant, and tlio wines good. The amount of g defendant's indebtedness had originally been II 99 2s., but £74 had been paid on account. H pcfendant repudiated £6, alleged to have heenlent, and said he was only two weeks and a half at plaintiffs hotel. His Honor Honor accepted the defendant's statement as to the chargo for wine being included in the contract for the breakfast at £25, but' thought that the cost of the cake was not included. His Honor rbduced the plaintiffs claim by taking off £12 16s. for the oham- pngne, £6 for money lent, £1 15s. over charge for board and lodging, and 6s, for a Lottie of sherry, total £20 17s., leaving the balance of the amonnt claimed to be £4 5s., for which he would give a verdict. Mr. Wil- liams appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. G. T. Smith for defendant. On tho night of the 14th inst. a number of valuable trees in the inclosure in Vic toria-parade, near the Model Sohools, were maliciously damaged by having the bark peeled off. About lialf-past ten o'clock on Wednes. day morning, a woman, name unknown, was | found drowned in a waterhole at Booroon- data. The body, which waa taken to the . ) Great Western Hotel, Camberwel, await- y ;;ig identification and inquest, is that (of ,j a woman apparently about forty-five years £ of age, 5 feet 2 inches in height, having tj dark hair. She was dressed in a loose wincey i? dress and petticoat, old stockings, and straw ;! bat, the lining of which is branded with a j broad arrow, and bears the letters M.L.A., F.D., which indicated, most likely, the Metropolitan Lunatic Asylum, female de partment. The performances at the . Theatre Royal List evening were for the benefit of that old and deservedly popular actor, Mr, Jas. Milne. There was a crowded house. -His Excellency the Governor, Lady Bowen and mlc occupied the Governor's box. Dion Boucicault's sensational drama, Tho Colleen Bawn, was produced, the beneficiaire taking ? the part of Danny Mann in a manner which ! evoked the applause of the audience. Air. Dampier gave a very good rendering of the ' part of Myles-na-Coppaleen. Miss Caroy p< > and Alias Blanche Stammers, who played Bp; EUvO'Connor andfAnnie Chute respectively, fel filled their parts well. The musical melange nfe which followed the drama consisted of songs RP kMiss Alice Wooldridge, who sang Mol- Kj leys song Oh, 'tis Delightful, very sweetly. |1|| Jhss eippert sang the well-known A.B.C. SPI m a manner which pleased her auditors, who encored her. Messrs. Ainsley Scott, M Tiank Hewitt, and T. R. Dwight assisted g| with songs. The Legmania of the Girarda S| end the graceful dancing of the Duvalli's coocieded tho entertainment. From ap- A pearances the benefit will be a substantial 3 one. It is announced in our advertising columns that theuonal meeting of the Medical Benevoleht Iisfociation will be held this evening, at the moms of the Medical Society. At the meeting of the Hotham Ratepayers Association, reported in yesterday's issuo, it was slited that the members pledged themselves to i support Or. Byan's candidature for tho eastern said. It ought to have been the wostom ward. . The Olive Brango Lodge of Free Gardeners held their half-yearly financial! meeting in their Iota-room, at the JNfew Briilgo Hotel, Toorak- road. South Yarra, on Tuesday evening, the 14th July. The balance-sheet for. the half-year showed the lodge was in a very prosperous con dition. A very smalt rate of sickness prevailed amongst the members during the past six months. It was resolved to hold the lodge meet- iags in future at the Duko of Edinburgh Hotel, ?outb Yarra. The following were elected officers for the ensuing year :— R.W. M., Bro. E. Sones : P.M., Bro. If. Brown ; P.M., Bro. J. M'Dougall ; >.W,, Bro. H. Lloyd ; ,T, W., Bro. James Brown ; K.S., Bro. W. Chisholm ; Chaplain, Bro. A. Ceachiane ; treasurer, Bro. W. Cameron ; officer, Era. E. M' Masters ; secretary, Bro. Arch, riiurl, They were duly installed by tho rotir- rag .Vaster, Bro. F. Cameron. A hearty voto of thanks was accorded the retiring officers and Minors. Tho lodge was closed .with the usual formalities. 