A SAVAGE ATTACK. (To the Editor of (he Evening Newt.) Sib,— With your indulgence I will take the liberty of expressing a few thoughts on the article which appeared in your issue of the 18th instant, entitled '&viewv; from a correspondent; Journal of Pri mary Bducation-rJ. Feivueon, publisher, Sydney.' I do not wish tj» be identified either with the I Teachers' Association and its ' unhappy buffers'! {so facetiously alluded to by 'Cntic'), or itsj Jouraal. I am not oaeof those who have grumbled , — aet eren privately— either at the 'dinner-hour j duties,' or at the ' classification1 circular,1' but I am a teacher. As a teacher, I hare perused the strictures of 'Critic' with indignation and regret. Indigna tion, that a man should assume the title of a reviewer as a cloak for a spiteful aad venomous attack upoa a class of the community that includes many educated and honourable mem bers. Regret . that some of our number have laid themselves open to 6ucu attacks through eareless n.ee6 in their composition ; thus allowing ' Critic' an opportunity of demonstrating to them that which he finds difficult to understand— that the 'hiss oi the serpent' can 'penetrate' the ear, the brain, the souL It is easy to understand' that the errors ' Critic' has painfully and laboriously hunted out of the eight numbers of the jouru al, are such as might happen even to the most practised writer, when it is borne in mind that the articles werewrittea under peculiar stress of time. They were written, mo doubt, hurriedly, after tke usual day's work,w when the mind was iaded and blunted bv nreviout exertion. However, this is a matter I will not dilate upon, as I am neither writing in support of the Journal mor in apology for it Our reviewer must be made of rare and tender materials.' He dreads the contamination of ' illiter ate' men, and ' would hesitate' before receiving a deputation of them. Probably he is eo recently reclaimed from the ** hewer* of wood and drawers of water' that he dreads being again identified with them. We all know that the experience of the American slave-masters goes to prove, that the overseers picked from the slaveB themselves were the most hideous and atrocious in their tyranny over their former fellow-workers. ' But what, on what, mast be the delicacy of the organism of those fragile beings, he so toucbingly alludes to, that form the Council of isducation P Shade of the Kiama Ghost I assist us to conceive seme idea of these resublimed individuals, who are t*o pure to sustain the sight of ordinary mortals— who are 'nervausly apprehensive of coarse intrusion.' Darwin, awake 1 There is an other link added to the chain— man is transcended; the monkey has paseeil up a step higher. The association of teachers has, by this time, no doubt, felt abashed that it should have presumed to have attempted to intrude a few 'half- educated' .'unhappy buffers' upon bo august an assemblage of 'honest' gentlemen. Mr. Parkes, the Premier, lately assumed tlie privilege of ad ministering 'a public snubbing to the asseciation for its audacity. He once belonged to the Oeuacil of Education. Shall we take him as an example of — — P ? If so, than the association should be overwhelmed with — — . ' It has come to this.' 'r Gentlemanly feeling is a matter of no consequence ; and courteous treat ment of an opponent a mere Utopian dream.' Men must no longer be allowed to express their opinions to their superiors. Let them -approach ever bo humbly, they must not be permitted to intrude their coarse, uncultured ' epeech upon the ears of thfe gentlemen who 'Rive their time gratuitously *to the country. They mustnot bp too percipient They must take everything thrown'1 to them by the Council, and thank God -and the Council forit 'Poor buffers 1' ', Critic ' is skilled in the flit of dividing a house against itself. He insinuates that the Sydney' teachers repudiated common interest with the lllawarrateachers,enubbed them and insulted them in No. 5 of the Jouraal. Having searched therein, I find this untrue. In No. 2, some remarks, which express the opinion of the bulk of the teachers of New8outhWa1.es, ate made relative to the Petition for the Abolition of School Fees, but nothing offensive or slighting to the tllawarra teachers occurs. . In disposing of the critique on Mr. Gardiner's analysis, ' Cntic'sayB : ' The writer of the article under ndtice professes to be a man. of culture. We may, perhaps, some day investigate his claims to -such a title. He is not a gentleman. No honourable man, while reviewing a book, would go out of his way to attack the reputation of its author.' To use a vulgar simile, this is a case of the pot calling the kettle black. ' Critic' thinks there is nothing personal in this. To investigate a gentleman's . claim to being a man. of culture is not to attack bis reputation. Perhaps not This is not ail. ' Critic,' having hud down the Tide, that the man is not a gentleman who makes a personal attack, under the veil of literary criti cism, proceeds to sh&w; us % little of his own duality, thus : ' We would advise them to re member that they are; as a class, men of mean capacity and very imperfect education ;' and ngaio '' should it become apparent that the eri sting body of teachers is incompetent (and it would not be difficult to prove it),' Sx. What is this ? Will any one have the hardihood, to deny that this is a personal attack? Isnotthisanatteck, 'asavjjge attack,' open the xeputatu»,notof ona matt, but of more than attousand «ien,-whoare teacherpin .tiie colony? We have 'Critic's' own criterion to Judge him kyf asd what shall we infer ftomSiIe own Btetementa? This: That «-*itic' is w-t a -aitic ? ' ? ? ? t It is time that teacherBawake. There is a covert threat in the penultimate paragraph; aad in the last one ithere is a revelation of individuality in the despicable and paltry apology for the Council of Sdncation, whose eraminera cannot be answer-: able (P), forsooth, for pasa'mg and approving '.for .appointment the ' igneranr (P) ana 'incompe- tent' (?) men who now conduct the public1 schools «pf tiie colony. These very examiners were only teacher* themselves once i they were part' of the ' certain materials to bandf to wit, 'the half educated men of mean capacity '£ hence, we sliall !j«timatethelr value. Inconclusion, Ibegtocoh gratnlate myself and you, that in the whole length of my letter, I have not once perpetrated a latin quotation, or sought «ut any assietance from the 'Vocabulary of Foreign Phrases' to help but our own expressive language. v . , lam, sir, Yours devotedly, . ARGUS. 