Telegraphic. Thi never Gladstone. [From our own correspondent.] November 12. Mr. John S. Clarke, chief officer of the A.S.N. Co.'s s. Lady Bowen, fell down the fore-hatch of the vessel last night, and died two hours afterwards, from internal injuries received and concussion of the brain. Sydney. [Australian Associated Press.] November 12. Massinger, charged at the Police Court with attempting to burn Brougham Place, has been committed for trial. McCallum has been sentenced to death for causing the death of a man named Burns, in a stabbing affray at the Circular Quay. Tattersall's Hotel, the Electric Telegraph Office, a store, and three other adjoining build- ings at Bourke, were burned to the ground on Sunday last. A boiler-maker has been accidentally killed by a blow from a hammer, aboard the Chrysomene, ship, undergoing repairs in Mort's dock. Mr. Lloyd, the Colonial Treasurer, delivers his Financial Statement next Thursday. In the Legislative Assembly, the Sydney Water Supply Bill has been read the first time. The wool market continues dull. A shipment of Californian wheat has been sold by auction at 5s. 10d. per bushel. Arrived : Florence Irving, s., from Brisbane, this morning at 10 o'clock. Melbourne. [Australian Associated Press.] November 12. The quai teil) bank returns show alargo de ci ease m deposits with an increase in discounts The stake» paid o\ei for the piue» won at the late lace meeting eNceeded eight thousand pounds Mi J Tait and Ali Chirnside eich won o\ei ele\en bundi ed pound« Richard Jone«, chaiged with the robbery of jewels from Mr Lystei s house, has been com nutted foi trial Tim ty patents ha\e been summoned under tho pioufcions of the Education Act, for neglect nig to send their children to school, and fined iu small penalties The Commi^sionci of Cn toms, Mr Cohen, continues ill A composition of foin teen shillings m the pound has been accepted m the estate of Messrs AAil^on, Ciosby, mid Co , terni», half cash , the balance b) guaianteed bills at three months Sales of w heat at 5s bd to 5s 8d pel bushel riuthei ti insactions m tu ist tobacco ropoited Ale sin King and Cuuimigham ropoit that 1200 heid of cattle were jaided at)esteidays sale», which sold a« an aiHance in puce equal to se\ en shillings pel head foi oidmary, and from ten to tweh e shilhn0s foi prime cattle 1 om teen thousand sheep sold, puces up supeiice AAro sold 5C00 wethtis fiom the Peak Downs distuct, at 11° , and ewes at 11s (k1 Hobart Town. [AUSTRALIAN ISSOCI ITLD TRESS ] îïoienibei 12 His ENcellency Mi Du Cane, in opening tho shon of the Agncultiinl Societ) at Richmond, yesteula), made an admnable speech He c\ pic«sed rey et athis appioacl ligdepaitmo fiom Tasmania The cNhibits of tweeds weie gieatl) adtnued, and considei ed equal to those manufactuied at the mills at Sydney and Geelong their they passe Wig», carnie ghost less, not exist it er howe from fact, not t a hal ha vu as w celitc The save acco obje con\ a s artic wen kno got the And gest occi seiv one Ihe a pi wei hea usu sup "ii bin thi mt ich the irt, a\e be the dit md tie led 32, IS, dge lue, and d a ons tho I be ra a lade II, if o be this I Pi o tter and the dish id I ian s o of onor [IRD Jsq, aniifr shed ount ckoii done aied seen will, is m fotel «ling » un mea , we itical ed m hmi they esent liking ubhc ii the be m tthis 'that ltion, ire at liiroty plied, E run n the icom 1 ROM a notification m oin ad\ ei ciiing columns, it w ill be leal ned that Hie, ÜNcellenc) the Acting Goieinot Mill be at Gol ei liaient Houso eich day, foi the tiansaction of public business, between the bonis of 10 a m and 1pm The api ointment of H E King, Esq, as Alniiotei foi AA oiks, will, we undei stand, be gazetted this d ty, nnmcdiatel) after Ali King has been swoin m, winch will be at 11 o clock His ENCollency the Acting Govcinoi has been pleased to appoint Albeit Arietoi Dmr), Esq, to be his pmate secietai), and Challes Ridley Smith, Esq, to be his anio de camp Ihe Comt for the lcusiou of the Electoial Rolls was adjoin ned fiom )coteida) to tins da), m conséquence of the Goieinoi s depaituro Pltion to Di Caimuseis depaituro fiom Bus bane, a few of his adinueis pieoeutc 1 to lum, as a mai k of then appiociation of his met its as n gentleman and his talents as a musician, a\ei) handsome gold w atch, chain, and locket The piesentation took place in the apaitmout of the Ticsidentof the Legislate e Council, who had consented to be the snokesmnii on the occasion Di Ciuniusei carnes with him many good wi he* An adjoin ned meeting of ci editors in the 11 soli eut estate of Hoheit Clement Leeds, of Townsi 'le, was con\eticd foi AArediie»dn) ln»t, but as thei e w as again no quoi um tho moeling lapsed and the fact li is now to be lepoited to the Com t felNcr the date of last îepow, thteo patients hine been admitted into the Luuatic Asylum, AVoogaioo Tho numbai 3 leuianung aro - males, 1SS , fern iles, 111 , total, 29' The Suigeon Supeimteiidcnt dcoiie3 to acknowledge with thanks the íeceipt (pei faiot of Mi T H B Baiuui) of a paicel of illustnited papéis, from Ali S J Xoin«, of Hei Alajoot) s Custon s, foi the u=e of the patients Vt the Queensland Theatre list niLht the comed) founded on Samuel Lo\ ei s w eil know u no\d "Handy And),' was pie»ented to a tolei ibly w eil filled house, and w os f a^ orabl) iceeried It was followed b) a shoit piece, entitled the "lailoi of Tamwoith, in which Ali Audiews and Mi-,s AArilsou took tho leading characteis Ali Andrew s delineated the charac tei of T/amblenell m his usual comical manner, and Mi s AA'iloon, who took the pait of " first lady of the piece, was warmly applauded m the «ong " îîb One to Lo\ o' 1 ho minor characters were faitly sustained, and the whole performance w ent oü w eil At the Central Police Court, ve»teiday, betöre Messrs J Petueandlt Hutchins,JJ P , Harriet Haig and Samuel Haig, charged with stealuig fiom a dwelling, were discharged, theie being no appearance of pi o editor Ti\e druuknids w ere discharged, and one w as fined 10s, or tirent) four horns in the lock up A i vriL accident at sea io lcported by the ship Gi eat Queeutlaiid, which armed oil" the Heads on Sunday night, from Maryborough, wheie she had landed a laigo number of mimi grants At half past 3 o'clock on Monday morn nig, when tacking ship off the Heads, Point Lonsdale bealing Ñ AA' by X, the fore bowline partid, and AA'ilham Fallows, au able seaman, was knocked overboard fiom the forecastle í life buov was throw n to lum and a boat loweied, and eiery effort made to rocoier lum, but the poor fellow was never again seen The w md was blowing hard from the northward at the time Vnother of the crew hjd a narrow oscape from sharing the same fate as his mate, but lie w aä knocked inboard matead of into the sea.-Mel- bourne Aryus, Iftn emier i yet understand how the ghosts of old [ irtieswh» take occasional exercise in corndoi», graveyards and other suitable piomenade, manage to satisfy their sense of decencj We can comprehend that they ate the souls of individuals ii ho have passed aw oy, but how about then ghostly peri- wig», brocaded gowns, fulls, and so foith Wo cannot yield much faith to any but nokctl ghosts WTe will alloiv them shoes, but nothin* less , we believe in the solo of a shoe We ara not totally sceptical, hovvevei, ne admit the existence of the spirit of the ige W e have seen it embodied-m a leading article We have bon ever allowed out selves to be cal ned away from our subject coined away by the ghosts in fact,like a sort of hteiaij Gabnol Club It was not to discourse of goblins vi e piopo ed Wre aini» a hot ' An unfoitunato man of our tcpiaintance having entered upon dtngeious conista-nemas as well out with it, he, poor fellon, became an. cditot-received o visit frtm his cleigyman The object of the revciend gentleman ii as to save his soul and get a i eduction m a httla account Having succeeded in the latter object, he departed well svtisfied taking the, converts new lut and leaving in its place a somewhat vi oin but wonderfully piou3 article AVhen tint editor shortlj aftei wards went out, aftei the miunct of lus species to knock donn the unhoped foi cheque he 'had got for half the leveiend mon s debt he put on the saintly hat without noticing the difference. And non comes the curioiio pirt which »ug gested the reflections ne stilted with The occult properties stoicel in tbit hat duung ita set vice with its pioper oniici began ot t once to influence it» new nearer s mind. ' 1 he day was beiutiful, the sun shuue bnghtlj! a pleasant biee/e cooled the an, thm0s geuetally tveie running stioi0ht, and fiom that mans heart a sort of thanksgiv tug beg m to nae up v> usual , but the influence of the hat quickly supei veiled, and a sense of the ttidecenoj awl " infidelity of that kind of devotion fell upon him, and it occutred to lum that the correct thing would bo to put a lot of latkv joung boys into nightgowns, and mike thom smg a sei vice instead By and by it occtuied to him that he bad intended to scud pool Mis Boosey some money lu au envelope, addicsbcd by another hand, and he turned back to do it but the hat fetched him up quicklj, and sent lum acio^s the nay to ieprc->cnt the mottei to an acquaintance, ft out whom lie managed to tease ii cheque , and he went off to that widow and teod ti octa at her foi half an hour, and gai e bet the cheque, and stuck to Ins own com Me uni bile that paraon was being led an awful life by the edito nal hat He nas passing one of the wickedest coméis m town nith a pious shuddei, and just gotugto pass bj ontlieotliet side, when the wicked and lotitiidin mau idea worked into Ins head at the point nliero the lining stuck to it, that it was bomebodj b business to hue a tij to benefit these people af tet all, and most pi ob ibly a par- son s bueme-s He dmgi need himself tor ever by going into one of the noist dens anywhere about ond t liking tu a petfectlj unaffected vv ij to b id characters, justas if ho had foigot thatho was oucha veij good m uihimself, ond gradually getting tlteminteiestccl, md dein ei nig a homily which smelt feaif nil j like a loading niticle nd bad a heop of pcifcetlj pioftine common sente m it, and made two e\tiemelj bil joungpei sons get red and white, and ti ink of their mothers, and say tint they would li io a try to be square, and use othei v ulgai exp esstons He was seen tlteie ' His congiegition got wind of it, and tneutj seien motiléis of familie« decided to attend iitothei place of not ship, and only íelented when they leaint that there vvasnt a se it vacant vvhei e then bonnets could be seen by a soul -" Specialities ' m the QuccnslanJo A swvnit of white butteillies pas ed over tho ton n tbotit noon on last Mond ij The color of the insects mes a pule yell in, nith biotin tipped w mgs, and then fhghtwos,] uinoithoily direction \- WatutcL Beam na A noniuin nos committed at the Jewish Syungogue betneen 10 o clock on Satuiday night and 7 o clock j estci d ij moi nmg 1 he thief, or thiel es, ellected au cutt ance through the north west nunion, nInch had been left uufnstencd, and stolo foin siliei pointeis, a silvei cup, and a brown velvet cover for the "Book of Moses," the property being valued in all at £10. They also broke open the charity money-box but the amount of the contents, if any, is not known - Melbourne Argus, November 3. The Goulburn Advertiser writes as follows of the death of the King and Queen Dowager of the Molka tribe of aborigines :-"Captain John, the chief of the Molka tribe, is dead. The dec- eased was son to the late King Charles Tallambo, and heir to all the whites have left of his vast do- main -heir to all the rights and privileges that ap- pertain to his loyal estate and lineage. In other words, he was allowed the privileges of a pauper on his own territory, and was graciously permitted by a paternal Government a six-and-eightpenny blanket once or twice a year. His age at time of death was probably 47 or 48. The Queen-dowager Mary, King Charles' latest lubra, usurped without contradiction the regal title, and when in her cups -for need we say that all the tribe enjoyed the dregs of civilisation ! -Mary would spread her arms forth and proclaim aloud that all the land was hers. Poor Mary ! The lamp of light had been expiring in her too while the cortege that conveyed her stepson's body to the grave was on its slow and solemn march. At 10 o'clock on Monday night she also sighed her soul away. Mary's recollection dated as far back as the time of Buckley, "the wild white man, whose memory Mr. Thomson revived in the columns of the Argus ten days ago. Queen Mary was buried on Tues- day. The grave of old King Charles was opened, and the coffin of his latest spouse laid thereon. The captain reposes by the side of the old couple. Mary, we believe, was 55 years of age. She had but one child, a daughter, now upwards of 30 years of age. That daughter owns one of her own, who is now at school at Corranderk." The Pastoral Times relates the following :- "The scene at Boonoke Station, near Deniliquin, the other day, when Mr. Webber was lost, was one that possibly only takes place in Australia. He, six feet high, had left hearty and strong in the morning to place some sheep in one of the paddocks of the run, which is owned by Messr. Peppin ; he had crossed over two bridges and had deposited the sheep, when it must have occurred to him that he could make a short cut of it. Instead of returning by the bridges, he determined to swim his horse, though the rider could not swim. In trying to swim across the narrow creek the horse must have rolled over, and poor Webber was drowned, while the horse landed safely. A (second) creek now interposed between the horse and the home- stead, where at night Webber was expected, but not arriving there for the night, young Broughton, one of the overseers, started off a messenger to Conargo to make enquiries, but the missing man had not been there. In the forenoon succeeding the evening of the drowning, the horse which Webber rode was discovered within half-a-mile or so of the homestead. The saddle was wet, and a water- tight bag, or pouch, on the side of the saddle, was full of water, showing that the horse had recently swum the second creek. Webber's faithful dog, too, had just returned. A caucus was now held, and in a very short time twenty- six mounted horsemen (the men were either shearers or workers on the station) were off to search for Mr. Webber. They tracked the horse's steps towards the creek, the dog in their comp- any, running from one to another, looking un- utterable things in his fidelity. On, on, they went, until they arrived within half a mile or so of the fatal spot, when the dog broke away howling, making straight for the water, he then plunged in, and swam round the place where his master lay dead in fifteen feet of water. Thirteen shearers now took off their clothes and dived for the body, the dog among them the most active. The moment that they relaxed their efforts he seemed to be seized with new life, plunged again and again into the water, ducked, dived, and crying bitterly. At length they gave up the search, while they sent off to the station for a boat and drag hooks. After ten minutes ope- rations with these, the body was recovered. The dog, faithful to the last, when his master's dead body lay for a few minutes stretched on the bank, clung to the corpse. Forty-eight hours afterwards (Friday, 16th), Mr. Webber, who, on Tuesday, was well and in the vigor of his manhood, was interred in Deniliquin Cemetery." Inch ding first ithe cters nore met ilmg leing ai d3 i or the the "gili uni orn 'oint dine mon, \ eied, the L was îme from no3 Mel 