THE OPERA. Rossini's grand opera, ' Semiramide,' was produced for the first time this season on Mon day night, and the performance was repeated on Tuesday. It is bo long since thia opera was given iu Sydney, that its performane pos. sessed the charm of novelty, while the appearance of Signora Palmieri (in the title role) and Magi (as Arsace) contributed to attract very large audiences, and as the repre sentation was in all respects vastly superior to any former rendering of the opera here, the. interest was intensified, and th© pleasure heightened. The performance of ' Semiramide' was as great a suooess as 'Faust' was a failure, and the principals showed how much more 'at home' they are in pure Italian music, than in that of the Franco-German School. The opera was placed on the stage in superior style ; the new scenery from the brush of Mr. H. Grist was exceedingly good, and a wonderful improvement, on that in ordinary use, while the costumes, if not always strictly in keeping with W1O36 OI U1B perlUU MUllUg ,irUiV/i«. UH.U UTbUUd A-S- presented occurred, were at any rate very effec tive. Mr. Beaumont's costume in particular was perfectly gorgeous, aud that worn by Si^nora Magi wa3 also most rich and appropri ate, except the ruffle round the neck, which I cannot but consider entirely out of place. Signora Palmieri's representation of the guilty Babylonian Qaeen is the bast performance she has yet given iu this city, and if she could man age to invest her impersonations with a trifle of warmth and passion, there would be little left to the critic, but to commend. The lack of warmth and passion h the one draw back toSignora Palmieri's 'Semiramide,' and the only one, for her voice ia well suited to the uorm music, awi-aiie »wu™a superbly The second act contains Bel raggio, and the aria d'abilita ' Dolce Pensiero,' both of which were sung excellently, bnt it was m tha grand scena with Assur in the third act, and in duetts with Arsace in the fourth act, that Signora Palmieri triumphed. Her perfect exe cution of the most difficult passages and the ex treme flexibility of her voice.' won golden opinions,' and she was several times re called to receive floral tributes amid thundering plaa dits. But while the prima donna was thus the recipient of public favour, she had an equally sue cessful compeer in Signora Magi, whose repre sentation of Arsaoe was the great feature of the opera Just as Verdi writes much of his beat music for the baritone, so did Eossim write some of his finest for the contralto voice, and the part of the young Scythian general, is one of the best ever wra^u ^ — » contralto. Signora Magi's voice, though a mezzo. soprano is admirably suited to the music ; and other excellent articulation, artistic singing, and spirited, yet withal most appropriate acting, rendered her performance an unqualified sue, eess. The lengthy recitative, 'Eccomialnne iu Eabilonia,' was given with mueh effect while the brillante cavatma, 'Oh come d» quel di,' and the sweet 'D'un tenero Amo?e,'' were both rendered in superior style sjnora Magi was deservedly recalled for her solendid sinling in the last scene of the third ac and shared with Signora Palmieri tha honour of an encore for their truly excellent rendering of the duet, « Giorno .a arrow , »- a recall after the succeeding duet, ?' ' Ta Serena, which was equally well sung. Like the pr.ma donna, Signo?a Magi received abundance of be. quets 'and plaudits, not without deserving them. q Mr. Armes Beaumont appeared m h» old chi « racter of Idreno, and sang the so o, and the cor . certed music pertaining to this httle part very fairlvr except that he made quite too ?nuchuseof lisfalsetto. If anot eornot98 are above a singer's compass, it is far better (vide ?he best masters) to substitute another passage, Oian to rush into a falsetto scream. Apart from this, Mr. Beaumont was in better voice than he has been this season, and I «»««*^to him thereon Signor Dondi has added to S ^reputation by his excellent unpe,. aonatfonof the disagreeable regicide Asm, albeit he- has no great chance of dwplayug his 'metal,'' except in the interview with t Queen in the tnira aoc. xu «««, ^ ? ---- was very good, and his powerful voice sounded well in7the concerted music throughout the opera. Signor Fiorani made a fairOroe 'hough he was wonderfully nervous in the opening scene, and Signor Baldasaan was a sufficiently dismal Ghost. But I must not omit to name that important PJ'°nage, the Suggeritore,i.e., the prompter, who took a leadinw part ia tha performance, and wno-e votce could be heard all too plainly in every ZToiZ theatre. Need be be so very nois.W Mo3t of the choruses were well sung, wl the finale to the second act was yeiy orand, but the popular chorus of pnesva ? .; ' , . _.j. -.t... AcnAdWv weak. J-ne in tne jasu aui. w-*» ^^- ? .' , ?, orchestral accompaniments were excellent and the splendid overture w*s rendered in ™-**J£ style L to provoke demands for an encoie, whidi Signor Zelman was good enough to comply with. T&en; altogether, 'Semiramide' has provjd the greatest success of the present season, .ana ?oJs of bigh-chu mus.c must be J»t.fie^ JJ ,ell as the management,! that the attendance at the opera continues so satisfactory. h ffo On Wednesday, Ferari's sparkling opera ^butto « Pipele' was produced this season for^A.! ..irnVto a,fullhouse. Signor Baldassariook the be bestowed on Signor Baldnssan. The oaarac tors of Madeline and Bigolletta were , tak enby Signori Magi and Coy were aWy portray The minor parts were we1 fflled.by -J ^ vnd S gnor Tonrnene. ±'ipeie- j to be repeated on this Friday night. We p lict for i a most successful run. . On Thu-sday night Simiramide was , ag presents, and will be repeated on.bawraay. 