FELO DE SE. {From the Ulnhr t At the time when suicides, with or with out murder, are unhappily so common as ; to form almost the staple of news, it is not an untimely reflection that verdicts of felo de se are becoming singularly rare. Though the British juryman may be im pervious to modern theories of homicidal mania, he usually adopts the supposed charitable view of the state of a suicide, and practically accepts the crime as evi deuce of insanity, instead of requiring proof of mental disease so as to explain it. No harm, he argues, can follow from this course, and many persons already wretched are spared the additional unhap piness of having a relative or friend con signed to the earth ignominiously. We will not consider whether the light in which suicide is commonly regarded by the British juryman is quite colourless or not. Our present concern is with those peculiarities connected with the burial of self-murderers which chiefly make him incline to mercy. For although no sui cide during the last half century has found his grave Where the cross roads meet, With a stake in his inside," the body of the self-murderer is still com mitted to the earth with some marks of degradation, which in the eyes of the vulgar are rendered worse by the recol lection of the old custom. The last person buried in [England at the cross roads was a wretched parricide and suicide named Griffiths, At two o'clock of a June morning, 1872, he was buried in the presence of a considerable concourse of people at the place where Eaton-street, Grosvenor-place, and the King's road crossed. Although the cere mony of driving a stake through the body was omitted, the disgusting exhibition within a short distance of where Parlia ment was sitting drew attention to the state of the law, and a few days after { wards the Act now in force was passed, and the recurrence of such a horrible scene prevented. Yet this old custom, I which to us is hideous, or at least such ' portion as was pore custom, seems to have had its origin in sentiments of mercy and kindliness. The common law only declared that the suicide should be in terred in some street or road. The ec clesiastical law only declared that the burial should he unaccompanied by any religious ceremouy. All the rest, the cross roads and the stake, were matters of pure custom—though of custom so ancient that they had almost gained the force of law—and have puzzled antiquaries to ac count for their origin. As to the selec tion of cross roads for interment, there can be little doubt that the intention was to take the place next in sanctity to con secrated ground, and that it was popu larly felt that to some extent a grave at a cross road was within the shadow of the holy emblem. The origin of a stake is more inexplicable. Some years ago a writer in ' Notes and Queries' suggested that the custom might have been con nected with one which obtained among the Northern nations, and especially in Greenland as late as the 12th century, of burying a man on the lands where he died, and setting a stake up over the breast of the corpse. When a priest came afterwards to the spot, the stake was with drawn, and holy water poured into the hole. But it is more likely the stake came to be driven through the body in order to prevent the spirit of the unhappy being, laid in unconsecrated ground, from walking the earth, to his own discomfort and the gr«at fcac of ordinary mortals. Remembering the force of popular super stition, it is not necessary to seek further for tlie origin of this ancient custom. Stakes planted under such peculiar cir cumstances have sometimes struck root and become flourishing trees. There is, or was lately, one such near Boston, in Lincolnshire, and another at Chalvington, in Sussex. In the latter instance, indeed, a few years ago the suicide's skeleton was found among the roots of the tree. It is unnecessary to repeat the tales told throughout the country side respecting such uncanny spots. Wherever a stake has thus thriven and prospered its original i purpose has failed, and the folklore of the neighbourhood is clear that the spirit of the self-murderer still " walks." It is strange to find how strong a hold these old superstitions still have on people living in quiet places. So lately as 1864 a riot took place at Scone from the efforts made by a mob of women to compel the suicide to be taken to a kirkyard over the wall instead of through the gate. The women believed that if it came in in the usual way the first woman " kirked" would shortly after her marriage commit suicide, and the first child christened would meet the same end before it was eight years old. Such feelings and ideas linger in remote districts for generations after they have died out in large towns. Many people in England, France, and Germany still have a dim sort of belief in witchcraft and ghosts, and feel assured they can ward off evil by wearing a " charm" or by hammering a horseshoe to a stable door.. It will be many a day before modern enlightenment has alto gether dissipated these delusions. The schoolmaster effects much, but he cannot all at once replace old customs and no tions by a scientific view of the world. Feeling still sometimes clings to what the understanding may reject. 