TOWN TALK. We have received a copy of the report of the directors of the Geelong Meat Pre serving Company, which is to be presented at the fifth half-yearly meeting of share holders on Thursday next, and have to regret that it is not of a more satisfactory character. In it the directors state that during the past six months the company has slaughtered and preserved 58,689 sheep and 159 oxen, but regret that their antici pations of a more prosperous future for the operations of the company have not been realised; on the contrary, while the price of stock has increased the price of the manu factured products have declined. "From the tenor of recent advices, they have deemed it necessary to direct a re-valuation of the large unsold stock of meats and tal low—the result of which has been to place the large amount to the debit of profit and loss." Had prices advanced as expected, the affairs of the company would have been in a much more favorable position, but the liirectora cannot see any prospect of re imming operations on a satisfactory basis at present, and therefore propose to reorganise the company and increase its capital. The manufacturing account for the year ending 31st March, 1874, shows an expenditure of £43.635 Os lOd, against which, including £18,904 14s 6d realised by the sale of pre served meats, and £11,909 9s 4d by the sale of tallow, and valuing the stocks on hand of these articles at £1212 Is 9d, the receipts bare only been £41,247 17s 5d, (showing a loss on the operations of the twelve months of £2387 3s 5d. A special meeting of the Geelong Volun teer Fire Brigade was held at the station last evening for the purpose of presenting Mr Edward Ashmore, who for some years had so ably filled the office ol secretary, with an illuminated address and a purse of ten sovereigns, as a mark of appreciation of the valuable services he had rendered the brigade. Mr Ashmore had been secretary for two years, and then only ceased to fill that office in consequence of his elevation to the Lieutenancy. The addreBS, which was enclosed in a handsome gilt frame, had been beautifully illuminated by Mr \V. H. Kingsbury; it was decidedly tbe very best effort he has made in that branch of his |art, and would have reflected credit on any firm, which makes such addresses its special business, in the colony. In a blue scroll at the top appeared, in gold, tbe motto of the brigade, " Ready and willing." Under neath this came tbe title of the brigade surrounding excellent photographs of the recipient of the address and the brigade station, and these were followed by an expressive address neatly done in black Gothic letters, with gold capitals; to this were appended the signature of the Cap tain, Mr Miller, and tbe Secretary, Mr I Kingsbury. If the body of the address was chaste and appropriate, the designs in the marginal border were equally so, the Ire-escape, the engine, and the hose-reel, leiog represented with an amount of fdelity that cannot fail to increase Mr IuDgsbury'e reputation as an ornamental writer. It will be on view to-day at Mr d'Helin's, Moorabool street. But to re sume. Captain Miller, in presenting tbe iddress and purse, said it was tbe first ime during his connection with the brigade ihut he ever had so pleasing a duty to per farm. Mr Ashmore had been for seven ten years a member of the brigade, during rhich period he had held several offices ; le had ever done his duty, and was fully teserving of both the testimonial and the pirse. Messrs ex-Captains Gosney,Knight, md Patterson, followed in similer terms; ad Mr Ashmore, who was evidently greatly overcome, feelingly replied; in toing so he expressed his warmest thanks far their very handsome present, and for vhat was of still more value, the esteem of lis comrades. The proceedings then ter ninated. The following circular has been for warded :—" To tbe Members of the Church jf England. Dear Friends,—For several years past the members of the Church of England in Geelong have met annually, under the presidency of the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. You are aware of the Bishop's absence in England, and that, if he returns to the scene of his labours within this diocese, his stay will be limited. ' The Rev. G. O. Vance has undertaken, at the approaching anniversary, to review the history of His Lordship's episcopate, a task ( for which he is in every way competent. I will therefore earnestly request you .to show year interest in the. work of the church by attending on Tuesday next at the Mechanics' Institute —Yours faithfully, H. B. Macartney, Dean and Vicar General." There was quite a crowded attendance at the meeting of the Geelong Football Club held Iaat evening, when a great many new members were proposed and an interesting letter on the proposed alteration of the Victorian Football rules was read from Mr J. B. Wilson, the head master of the Grammar School. To this we shall take an early opportunity of referring, in the meantime we may state that we fully ngree with the remarks made by Mr Wilson. It is not to the handling of the ball that we have objected, it is to the pernicious prac tice of holding aod running with it. It will be seen by the report that the presi dent of the club is taking steps for the purchase of a district challenge cup. This will give an impetus to the game that has long been wanting, and it is satisfactory to notice that it is not proposed to exclude Ballarat clubs from competing for it. A committee has been appointed to form rales, and it is intended that the permanent Cup Committee shall not be solely composed of members of the Geelong Club; the Kardinia, the Ballarat, the College, the Grammar School, and pro bably the Mount Moriac Clubs will be in vited to furnish representatives, so that there will be no ground to complain of any ' partiality. We think, therefore, we may safely predict a more than usually suc cessful season. An ordinary monthly meeting of the Winchelsea Shire Council will be held to day. After the routine business has been transacted a very pleasing ceremony will be performed by the Hon. C. Sladen, pre sident of tbe council, who, as the represen tative of the council and ratepayers, will present the veteran secretary, Mr J. El kington, with a valuable Bilver tea service and purse of sovereigns, in recognition of the able manner in which he, for so many years, performed the duties of shire secre tary. With respect to tbe fire which broke out in Pakington street yesterday morning, we learn that the houses were insured for £100 in the Melbourne office of the National In surance Company, who bad, boweyer, divided the risk with another office. Mr Dimelow's stock was insured in the same company for £200, but as the salvage realised £40, the total loss to the company named will only be £210. A number of gentlemen held a pre liminary meeting at Mack's Hotel yester day with the object of promoting four sub scription concerts to be held during the win ter months. After some discussion, it was re solved that the subscription should be four pounds, entitling the subscriber to five transferable tickets to the dress circle to each concert. A sub-committee was formed, consisting of Messrs S. V. Buckland, J. E. Pounds, E. R. Lennon, R. Rhind, and A. Douglass, who were requested to draft a circular soliciting subscribers, and to open communication with Signor Giorza to ascer tain what superior musical talent would be available. Mr Shannon was appointed hon. treasurer, and Mr David Strachan hon. secretary. On Monday last the teachers of tbe Mor rison's Wesleyan Sunday School adopted rather a novel idea by distributing the prizes to children at a tea-meeting, to which all parents and friends were invited. About thirty adults and sixty children partook of the goods things provided, and then a pub lic meeting was opened by singing and prayer and Mr Davis voted to the chair. The secretary read the report, which shewed the average attendance of scholars during the year had been 43; The super intendent then destribnted the prizes, accompanying each with some appropriate remarks, those presented to the senior classes having the name of the recipient neatly printed on the fly-loaf, Readings, recitations, and addresses having been given by the teachers, votes of thanks to the chairman, the superintendent, secretary, and the ladies brought a pleasant meeting to a close, but not before a subscription had been made in aid of the school fund. An interesting experiment was tried last evening by the volunteer firemen after their special meeting had terminated. The hose reel was takea up Little Malop-street a distance of exactly three hundred yards from the fireplug opposite the station, the ground being as nearly level as possible, although there was an open crossing to check their speed five of the men then ran back withthereel and in eighty-one seconds, as timed by a stop watch, they had con nected one hundred and twenty-five feet of hose with the plug, and had a strong jet playing opposite the Town Hall. To have simply run with the reel the 341 yards 2 feet would have been quick, but to connect the hose and begin playing into the bargain was a performance that could scarcely be surpassed, and speaks volumes for tbe ipeed and efciU of tbe men, We noticed that the water guage showed there was a pressure of 100 lbs to the square inch at the station, and it would have been a very large fire indeed that could not have been suppressed in a marvellously short space of time. Another addition has recently been made to our local fleet of yachts, a yawl rigged one having been built by Mr Blunt for Dr. D. B. Reid. It has been named the Polly, is twenty-four feet overall, with a twenty feet keel, has been nicely fitted with sails by Mr Tough, and skims o'er the waters like a thing of life. Her owner states that she has not been built for racing purposes, but it haB been noticed that he never allows any other boat to pass him if he can help it, and it is to be hoped, now he has taken to yachting, he will not rest satisfied until he has had a boat built capable of success fully sustaining a contest with all comers. We understand that a conference of delegates from the various Foresters' lodges throughout the colony is to be held at the Globe Hotel, on Tuesday next, for the purpose of forming a High Court of the Order in Victoria. Among those who will represent this district will be Mr H. Bannister and Mr R. S. Tuffs, and it expected the conference will extend over several days. The drainage of main roads,'and pro tection of adjoining fences, must inevitably sooner or later occupy the serious attention of the Shire Councils and other local bodies throughout the colony. Within the past ten years, only a few miles from GecloDg, small drains and watercourses have grown year by year till they had. qssumed the dimensions of deep creeks and formidable gullies. More slowly, but not less percep tibly, the drains at the edges of the water holes on most of the main roads have in creased in size and width till the boundary fences of the lauds adjacent hove in many cases been seriously damaged or jeopardised, in addition to a large quan tity of surface Boil being washed away. Repeatedly, complaints have been made to the local bodies by ratepayers whose fences and other improvements have been threatened from this cause, and. yes terday several letters on the subject from certain ratepayers were perused by the Barrabool Shire Council. The evil was admitted, and so was the justness of the complaints, but the council was beset with that insuperable obstacle to all improve ments, the want of sufficient funds. It was considered that if an attempt were made to redress the grievance in one direc tion, scores of applicatiuns for a similar relief would follow, and irrespective of other improvements the whole funds of the shire would be quite inadequate to the new drain upon its resources. The council had therefore to adopt the stereotyped reply to their discontented constituents, " No funds available." In the face of such a state of j affairs as this, it seems evident that so far ! from the municipal corporations being in a j position to dispense with a portion of their annual subsidy, some additional assistance is badly required. Members of the Geclong Volunteer Football Club are remiuded that a meeting takes place this evening, at half-past seven [ o'clock, in the orderly rooms, to elect office bearers. Considerable difference of opinion exists among the members of local bodies as to the best and most economical method of spreading road metal. The question is an important one, inasmuch as it affects a large outlay of. material, which means money. On more than one occasion, the penny wise and pound foolish policy of distributing maintenance metal by contract has been alluded to in our columns, but in in certain parts of the district the wasteful system is still adhered to. To those who are still unconvinced of the inexpediency of continuing the old process of getting everything done by tender, the following remarks on the subject from Mr Huie, one of the oldest and most experienced road engineers in the district, embodied in his report to the Barrabool fjhire Council, may be of some service:—" Although contract work may at first sight appear the cheapest it is far from being so in the long run. The metal so spread is often put on where it is not wanted, and it is impossible to check this without an increase amount of super vision ; iu fact an overseer would b« re quired over every gang. Every yard of metal wasted in spreading doubles the price of the rest, and for this reason I con sider that day labor is the most profitable. Upon a narrow road when the traffic is confined to one track, there is not so much chance of waste, but on a road such as the main road when the metalling is wide and a deal of pitching required, every yard of metal should be economise." A respectable-looking man named James MKenzie was brought before the court yesterday for stealing a hide and calf skin, the property of James Fallon, and as pri soner said he had got witnesses at Mere dith, he was remanded until Tuesday to appear at the Meredith police court. Mr Couve9 presided. Robert M'Cann, charged with travelling from Melbourne to Geelong on board the steamer Despatch without paying the fare, was discharged, the fare having been paid in conrt. Any person travelling oat of town along the polac-road at the present time mast be forcibly impressed with the decided differ ence in the kind of material used for road making. Within the Borough of South Barwon, as far as the Waurn Ponds Bridge, heaps of broken metal may be observed alongside the road that would barely stand the test of a 3j-iach gauge. Beyond that point the metal is of a much finer description, the orthodox 2£-inch being insisted upon. Engineers, like doc tors, differ in many things, but on the question of road metal there happens to be something like unanimity. The opinion prevails that the kind ot metal spread on the surface that the South Barwon roads from year to year would be better adapted as foundation material in the formation of new roads than for the purpose to which it is applied. One thing certain is, that although the borough roads are well raised and there is an extravagant abundance of metal laid down, as a rule the surface is wofully uneven, and impediment* to traffic in the shape of huge boulders are con stantly cropping up. At all events, the question of which kind of metal—the larger or smaller—is the best ought to be finally determined, for it is manifestly un desirable that the traffic through wide and important districts should be interrupted and interfered with by a want of uni formity in the kind of roadmaking mate rial employed. A partial eclipse of the moon will take place to-night, and will be visible through» out Australia. The places will occur as follows :—First contact with the penumbra, 10 h. 48 m. 6 s. p.m. ; first contact with the shadow, 12 h. 5 m. a m., on 2nd May ; middle of the eclipse, I h. 43 m. a.m.; last contact with the shadow, 3 h 21 m. n.m. ; last contact with the penumbra, 4 h. 37 m. 4 s. a.m. An amusing entertainment was given last evening in the Temperance Hall for a praiseworthy object, by a number of young men who have banded themselves together under the title of Messrs Ritchie and Web ber's Amateur Star Minstrels. The object was to increase the fund now being raised for the benefit of Mrs M'Pherson, whose son was drowned at Queenscliffe ; and we are pleased to be able to report that the young Ethiopians were greeted by a well filled house, and that a substantial sum will be paid over to the widow's fund. ' I he performers do not assume to any degree of excellence; they have not had sufficient experience, but it may fairly be stated that duriDg the short time they have been engaged in minstrelsy, they have made the beat use of their talents, and can now give an entertainment well worthy the patronage of all who can enjoy an hour or twos fun, and by their presence assist in the noble cause of charity. The programme last evening was a long and varied one, and. commenced with an instrumental over ture. After this a number of ballads and comic Bongs were rendered in a manner that elicited applause, Mr R. Webber in "Broadway Swell," and W. H. Ritchie in " Kingdom Coming" being enthusiastically encored. After the interval Mr H. Franks (hot the stationer) sang "Down in the Diving Bell" with an appreciable amount of humor, and Mr J. Willi; is a concertina solo, showed himself to have a really good command of that instrument. The "Marble Pedestal Dance," by Mr W. H. Ritchie, was exceedingly well done, and as " The Dancing Spiders" Messrs Ritchie, Webber, Melrose and Franks caused their audience to roar with laughter, and an encore was insisted on. The whole concluded with the laughable farce of " A manager in search of talent," in which a very long ghost took a most active part; and a stump oration by Mr Dalson took remarkably well. The secretary of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade acknowledges the receipt of a cheque for two guineas from the pro prietors of the Geelong Advertiser, as a donation to their funds, and as a recogni tion of the valuable services rendered by the brigade in extinguishing the fire so quickly that recently occurred upon their premises. A letter was received last night by the treasurer of the Geelong Fire Brigade, from Mr Day, draper, of Pakington-street, en closing a cheque for £2 2s, with thanks for the valuable aid rendered by the brigade at the recent fire. We have been requested by Mrs Houri gan to state that the winning number in the art union, in connection with the bazaar, for the brooch and earrings, was 28. The treasurer of the' Geelong Ladies' Benevolent Association thankfully acknow ledges receipt of the sum of £2 10s 6d, per R. Walfard, Esq., sheriffs' department, beiDg amount of contributi in from jurors and witnesses attending Supreme Court. In reporting upon tbis district, the Bun inyong correspondent of the Courier says; —"In making my round to-day to ascer tain the names of the several persons suffering from typhoid, I was surprised to find thatjevery patient was a ' teetotaller and, from my knowledge of the parties, I can say that they have most conscienti ously observed the obligations of their order." Our correspondent supplies the names of the several sufferers, which it is unnecessary to give. Without placing any stress on the statement, the circumstance is somewhat remarkable. Mr F. T. Sargood and Mr A. K. Smith have been the only candidates nominated for the representation of the Central Province, and the seat vacated by Sir John O'Shanassy promises to be warmly con tested. We learn that by the last mail Mr Wil liam Nash, manager for Messrs Dalgety, Blackwood nnd Co., of the Torrnmbarry station, near Eohuca, received from the Princes Philip and Augustus of SBxe Coburg, a very handsome double-barrelled breech-loading gun, with case containing all accessories complete, bearing the inscrip tion, "A friendly souvenir with the best wishes of Princes Philip and Augustus of Saxe-Coburg G." The _ Australasian notifies that a large engraving is in course of preparation, giving the portraits of the members of the new Legislative Assembly, and that it will, at an early date, be published as a supple ment to the Australasian. We desire to request that those members who have been written to for their portraits and have no yet sent them will obligingly forward tbem as quickly as possible, that the publication of the engraving may not' be delayed. An examination was held in the Mel bourne Insolvent Court on Wednesday, in the estate of Mr M. H. Murphy, formerly a member of the Legislative Counil. Mr John Mackenzie, who is a trustee nuder a deed of settlement for Mrs Murphy, was examined respecting the property for which he was trustee, but owing to some deeds of the property not being produced, his examination was only partly gone through, and be was directed to appear again on the 9th prox., with certain deeds named. Mr Bellin and Mr Wilkinson, auctioneers, were also examined respecting some land selected by the insolvent at Sorrento, on which he in 1870 borrowed £500 from the Second Indus trial Building Society, Mr Bellin then being secretary for that society. According to their evidence, the insolvent in 1872 asked Bellin if some payments on the debt en tered on the books of the society could not be erased, so that it might appear that the payments were then in arrears, and the property, in consequence, be sold to Mrs Murphy. Mr Bellin told the insolvent that could not be doDe, and he yesterday said he considered the proposition, if carried out, would have been equal to a fraud, as it would have been conveying property belonging to Mr Murphy, which he himself had valued at £3000, to his wife, while all the time be was in difficulties. The wit ness further said that he thought the pro petty was eventually transferred by the society to Mrs Murphy, though he did not exactly know hoiv. The case was not con cluded, but was adjourned to Saturday the 9tb prox. ' A warning was given by a decision in the Ballarat County Court, on- Wednesday, to schoolboys and others playing cricket. A boy named Burke sued another named Ward for £100 damages. Burke has lost the use of his right eye, and this under circumstdnces which will (says the Star) certainly draw the sympathy of everyone. The unfortunate lad with several others was playing a game of cricket, Ward and two other companions being their oppo nents. Burke's side was at the wickets, and Ward's in the field. Burke was not handin g the bat, bat he was behiad Ward, who was io the field, a place where it was held he had no right to be. Ward seeing a piece of stick in front of him! picked it up and threw it over his head ; the stick struck Burke in the eye, the result being that Burke has been deprived of one of his eyes. The court held that Burke, being one of the aide that was " in," waiting for the bat, had no right to be on the field; and although the occurrence was purely accidental, yet Burke had contributed to the accident, and was not entitled to recover 