MINSTRELS OF THE WEST. '♦- — — Seventh Concert. We are glad to be able to chronicle the complete success of the seventh of the series of concerts given by the Minstrels of the West, in aid of the fund for the purchase of the pianoforte presented by these amateurs to the citizens of Perth. The attendance might have been larger, especially in the backseats; the reserved chairs how ever were all occupied, and the desire for encores could not well have been more loudly expressed. The orchestra opened the concert with a Brazilian Slow March, performed in a manner that must have captivated everyone present. It was followed by another charming feature in the programme, a chorus by the whole strength of the company, ' And were they not the happy days?' remarkably well ren dered. Mr. Comptoa next delighted the audience with a pretty song, entitled '' My Queen.' Mr. Compton's reputation as an amateur public singer is, indeed, s sure guarantee for the excellence of his mnsical efforts, and we need only add that this song was a rendition that fully sustained that reputation. Selections from Norma followed, by Miss Howard on the pianoforte and Mr. R. C. Clifton on the violin — selections which the roughly delighted the audience by their richness of harmony. They were played with the taste and skill of accomplished musicians, and were listened to with the utmost attention, a proof — if proof were wanting — that there is no occasion to lower the standard of musical art in order to suit the taste and intelligence of a metropolitan audience in Western Australia. Miss Victor sang ' Stars of the Earth' with a tenderness and refinement of expression which showed her to be an artiste as well as the possessor of a very agreeable voice. The audience manifested a strong inclination to demand an encore, but, for a wonder, did not insist upon it. A spirited instrumental trio, Marche aux Flambeaux — pianoforte, Mr. Curtis; cornet, Mr. E. C. Dean ; violoncello, Mr. Pether; — followed, cleverly exe cuted of course, and eliciting loud applause. Next came a charming quartette, ' Dreaming of Angels,' the rendering of which was entrusted to Miss Vincent, Miss Leeder, Mr. T. Halliday, and Mr. C. L. Howard names familiar as household words in the mouths of the music-loving portion of the citizens of Perth. Tbe music was so irresistibly rendered as to arouse the enthusiasm of the audience, who insisted upon an encore, — a demand which was reluctanly com plied with. Mrs. Curtis, on the pianoforte, and Mr. J. S. Brooking on the flute, followed with, the ever welcome but excessively hackneyed song '' Come into the garden, Maud,' rendered so popular in the mother country by that capricious prince of English tenors, Sims Reeves. This instrumental duet was, in our opinion, one of tbe most delicious features in the evening's programme; not except- ing the pretty song which followed, — ' Mother, can this the glory be ?' so sweetly rendered by Miss Howard and Miss Victor, that they were favored at the close with a loud demand for its repetition — a demand which the young ladies very properly declined to comply with; for these encores are becoming an intolerable nuisance at these concerts. A lively waltz — are not all waltzes lively? — followed, played by the orchestra with praise worthy precision and spirit, followed by the well- known chorus ' Blow, blow, thou Winter Wind,' which brought the first part of the pro gramme to a very successful issue. After an interval of ten minutes, the remaining portion of the enter tainment opened with a galop entitled 'Just once more,' which produced the most desirable results. Next followed a laughable song ' Ba ! Be ! Bi ! Bo ! Bu !' given by Mr. C. Y Dean, who succeeded iu provoking much mirth and strong demonstra tions of applause. Mr. C. L. Howard was entrusted with a very pretty Melody, ' Faraway but not forgotten,' and acquitted himself in his usual impressive style, eliciting ringing cheers. The rendering of the chorus to this song was remarkably pleasing. A quartette, " Come where the cow slip bloweth,' followed, in which Mr. Compton, Masters G. Pether and J. Archdeacon, Mr. T. Halliday, and Mr. C. Y. Dean took part. It was ren dered with a taste, force, and exact ness, worthy of the words to which the music is wedded, and it was rewarded with applause, which the audience did not at all stint. Our lively, energetic, and ever-welcome friend Mr. E. C. Dean followed, with a characteristic song (with chorus) ' The Schoolmaster.'' The song is provocative of unbounded laughter, when well rendered, as it was by Mr. Dean, and it was gratifying to witness how readily the audience rewarded his energetic efforts, thereby ungrudg ingly acknowledging his worth and influence as a member of the Minstrel company. Mr. John Halliday was very impressive in his rendering of the very pretty song, ' Come, birdie, come!' — so impressive, indeed, that it drew forth hearty demonstrations of approval. The same well-deserved compliment was paid to Mr. Compton for his song ' Marjorie's Almanack,' which was sung with musicianly skill, and very much relished. A song (with chorus) entitled ' Comical Ghosts' afforded Mr. H. Ashton an opportunity of being very comic indeed, and ample opportunity for the display of his growing talent. He was vociferously applauded, the audience by this time being in the very best of humours, as it could not well fail to be. It laughed immoderately at the antics of the three ' Bad little, cad little, glad little, mad little, Sad little, comical ghostse.' The audience was next treated to a pretty melody, 'Flora Lyle,' with which Mr. Thomas Halliday captivated his hearers. Tbe National Anthem formed an appropriate climax to a concert to render which a success all concerned exerted themselves zealously and effectively. Mr. Compton was the musical conductor, and it is need less to add that he wielded his baton with skill and excellent judgment. The concert will be repeated this evening, at reduced prices of admission. 