A TRIP TO THB NORTH. Rt Pkw 1 reached Clare. My business compelled me to leave for Georgetown, distant 30 miles, the same afternoon. I started. My turn-out was a ncketty buggy which had nothiDg remarkable about it. The horses were a ncketty pair, but unlike the trap they were remarkable— very much so. They each had an independent idea of pad dling their respective canoes which made it awk ward for the driver. One was a small white horse of apparently the most humble and gentle disposition, but with a Latent amount of cussidness that was astonishing. The other was inclined to be lame, and more than inclined to be lazy; he had a fixed determination that way. 1\. started with a. misgiving that 30 miles in their enlivening company would prove anything but pleasant I had never been from Clare to Georgetown, and was, of course, anxious to learn the direct way. I therefore applied to persons who had travelled the road scores of times before. They, with one voice, bade me dismiss fear, as I had only to ' go straight along.' So I dismissed fear and went straight along. By dint of judiciou3 floggiDg I progressed ten miles out of civilization gaily enough. Enlivened and braced by the fresh evening air, I burst forth into song, and we rattled on merrily. At the end of the next mile, however, the lazy horse stopped suddenly as if he had lost something. His companien stopped, evidently sympathizing with him. I at OHce alighted. I am not a horsey man, but as I had seen such men in similar oases examine the horses' hoofs I con sidered th's was the correct course to pursue. I had a very vague notion as to what I should see there and how to treat it if I saw it However, not to let the horse see I was inexperienced (they say they are very cunning animals) I went knowingly up to him, and attempted to obtain possession of his hind leg— he or she (I don't know whether it was a lady or gentleman horse) resented thk liberty, and with remark able agility placed one foot on my stomach, and with the other removed the woodwork from the front of the trap. I thought I would sit down; I did so, but obtained only temporary relief. If I may be pardoned for speaking on such a delicate subject, I felt all stomach. My first impulse was to thrash the horse; my second impulse was not to. I remembered that he was only a dumb animal, and also that he might possibly remove the remaining woodwork of the buggy. Thus mercy triumphed. I also post poned the examination of his hoofs sine die. I got into the buggy and coaxed them forward. Bather to my surprise they went; but I thought from the fiendish way in which the rubbed their, noses that they were only con cocting some diabolical scheme against me. All continued to go well, however, and chaining courage I leant forward and patted them. No fatal results ensued; and travelling at the rate of a well-behaved funeral we reached what in the progress of ages would be the half way-house at the Broughton. A party of meu were camped here, with whom I had a particularly frugal meal, while the future host led off my bounding steeds. The men were regular Australian bushmen, and one of them, a talkative old fellow, began tolling me of the time when he was a gentleman, and informed me he knew all about Heroditus, Pliny, and Virgil. I received this information with several grains of salt, as I considered a person who had felt the softening influence of those respectable old gentlemen would never murder his ?' h'a' with the appalling ferocity of this old man. Remembering that time was on the win?, and that I unfortunately was not, I ordered out my two specimens of the noblest of our domestic animals. They came out anything but cheer fully, and seemed to have a distinct impression that they had reached their journey's end. I speedily undeceived them. It was now dark. I asked the man a question concerning the road; but, like my other informants, the only informa tion I could get was that it was ''straight on.'* Bidding him good night, I essayed to start; but this my horses in the most emphatic manner declined doing. I argued with them, but as they positively refused to budge I lost my temper, and forgetting they were dumb animals, lashed them unmercifully. This had the desired effect; they went on as fast as their miserable legs would allow them. My first intimation that anything was wrong was, seeing the gentle white horse standing on its hind legs and endeavouring to get into the trap. Swearing audibly, I got out; went to their heads, and discovered that I had narrowly escaped being cut otf in the flower of my youth. 1 was attempting to drive over a perpendicular bank 30 feet high into the River Broughton. I did not renew the attempt, and, blessing the men who told me to 'go straight ahead,' I lighted a match and found the road turned to the left. I felt very thankful for my escape, but I regretted sincerely that both the horses had not gone over. I at last suc ceeded in crossing the river, and then as I had not the vaguest notion where to go, I steered for a camp fire that Providence bad caused to be lighted for my particular benefit In answer to my enquiries, one of the men informed me the road to Georgetown was 'straight on; couldn't miss it.' I surprised the man by using a classical expression, and told him that I bad received that information in Clare, and that I had since made at least 400 turns, and had only just escaped 'going straight on' into eternity, winding up by remarking that I couldn't see the ghost of what he called a track. He bore with my impatience, and told me to follow him, and he would put me on a plain track. I followed him in the dark ness, driving over a fow enormous boulders just to keep my hand in, and reached the plain track. This I examined with a match, and seeing which way the marks led went on my way with a lighter heart, considering all my troubles over. Alas ! We travelled smoothly for, about half an hour, and I was enjoying my pipe and picturing a wsrm supper, ditto glass of grog, ditto bed, which awaited me at my journey's end, when suddenly the thought flashed across me that I was lost ! I came to this conclusion suddenly, but I was sure it was correct. I had followed the advice of those fiends in human shape who had told me to go straight on. I could see the track I was following had been trending due east instead of north. There was no help for it, I could only go on, hoping the road would soon turn to the north as it had done before ; but alas ! instead of that the track gradually turned to nothing at all, and became Jainter every minute. I, however, 'kept straight on,' bumping over fallen trees, rocks, and grass-trees, till the life was nearly shaken from me. Soon all semblance of a track ceased abruptly, and the vegetation was breast high. I had read of the sagacity of horses in finding a track, so I let the reins slack and gave them their heads. What a wonderful thing is instinct! In a few minutes they were on a track. Here was an actual proof of this wonderful power. I was delighted. In about two minutes I was disgusted to find the track was only one of the 50 cattle tracks about, and I may remark that that night I did not receive any other proof of this wonderful instinct. In fact I think if I had followed their wonderful instinct any more 1 should be now in a happier sphere. I don't believe in their instinct— not a ha'porth. At this part of the journey I saw a wonderful meteor, wonderful, I should think, even for this hemisphere. It was as if a vivid limelight had suddenly appeared; the scenery was lighted up as vividly as by day. The globe of fire travelled in a westerly direction and then burst, which was the best thing it could do, for it looked an ugly customer. I was astonished, so were the horses; they stopped to admire it. Shortly after thu I had a little adventure, but for fear you think I'm coming the adventurer business rather strong I will pause here and remark that everything I am narrating really happened to me. I had found the constant riding into and out of holes, over stumps, &&, lecoming monotonous, and, besides, making ?sitting down anything but a recreation. I therefore stood up and drove. The result of this v-as that in one frightful lurch I wa3 pitched out snd embraced by a grass-tree, which I may inform the ignorant is about as pleasant as ?'Itting on a prickly hedge. I concluded there fore tbat I would sit down at all hazards. I shortly became aware by the increase in speed tnat we were descending an incline— our pace grew faster and faster. I could not see where we were going, and became alarmed. I found we were descending an almost perpendicular hSL Horrified, I felt for the break; but it was too late— we dashed on at a frightful pace. I set my teeth, and began repeating the service for the burial of the dead, and waited for the worst. The horses could not possibly stop down we went so swiftly that I co«ld scarcely breathe. We seemed to stop for a second, and I saw an unpleasant black chasm in front of us. This the horses cleared, dragging the trap with a crash after them. I remembered no more for a short time, then I found myself lying in the bottom of the trap with the seat on my head, the trap smashed up and looking like a Chinese puzzle, and the horses anyhow. I didn't feel at all inclined to get~np— in fact, after mature deliberation, I felt I might as well stay there as anywhere. 1 felt very much eat upon indeed. I discovered I was near a shepherd's house, and made a dismal noise to let him know I was about When he became aware of the fact he was not so pleased as might have been sup posed. He emerged in graceful but airy gar ments, and asked what the ? I wanted. I said indeed I did not require anything of. the sort, for I had just had the best imitation of it that could bo procured ; but would he tell me if this was the road to Georgetown, and whether the road I had been travelling was a fair sample of the Queen's highway to that important town, and if so, whetner he would mind letting the Iusuranoe people know that I left everything to my aged parents, and direct them to send up a full-sized coffin by next post He told me I had come out of my road, and said I was coming from George town. I should not have been at all surprised if he had told me that I had come from the moon. 1 might have been exploring the interior of the continent for aught I knew to the reverse, there fore I received his information calmly. This indifference, together with the startling appear ance of the harness, which was mended with braces and peckethandkerchiefs, seemed to give him the impression that either I was a suspicious character or an idiot of the first water. He, however, condescended to tell me that the track was 'straight on— I couldn't miss it' I got up dejectedly and started once more, and travelled wearily for another hour, when both horses stopped. Then it was that the inborn villany of that gentle white horse showed itself. It was a brute of the deepest dye. I got down and spoke to it in the sweetest manner, endeavouring to coax it on. No use. Then, sad to relate, I swore at in French, German, and English till I had used up all the known expletives, and was reeking with perspiration and profanity. No use. Then 1 wore out both the toes of my 30o.-Balmorals by kicking the most sensitive parts of his carcase. Ho use; he kicked me back, and proved himself fully my equal in this invigo rating exercise. He would have bitten me too if he could; I saw it in his eye; and all the while looking as gentle and amiable as a sucking-pig. I at last by superhuman efforts induced him to move. The rest of the journey I will not inflict upon the reader; but it is a fact that fiend of a horse would not stir out of a walk for the remainder of the distance— some miles— hundreds they seemed to me. I reached Georgetown in the middle of the night. The good-natured host of the one inn got up and gave me brandy, which my 6oul loveth— and I needed it I consider a man who will leave his warm bed like that is on the straight track to Heaven. Perhaps he thought he was entertaining an angel unawares; perhaps he was —but I don't think so. Georgetown in the* abstract is a wretched place— it is guiltless of anything like useless ornament, No trees grow there— they know better. The country is so dead flat that when sweethearts go for a walk— which they do there just like other places — tho people can watch them whichever way they go for a clear five miles. It is a remarkable township, and that's all you can say for it — you. never pant to Eee another remarkable township like it In summer it is — well say — very hot, and you swallow the dost in slices. In winter your boots have a small farm attached to each. The people in their wildest moments never dream of sweep ing the houses; they usually clean them out with a pick and shovel. Georgetown is celebrated for its fleas. They are certainly very fine fleas, splendidly developed. Georgetown is the home of the flea. There you may see him in his native magnificence. It is said there that they actually pulled a shearer out of .bed one night this summer, but I hardly believe that. There are few of the blessings of civilization there. The only one I saw was the public house — that is always crowded. I would wil lingly swop my chance for a certain English title for a share in that public-house. There is no|Prote£tant Church there at present They have not a circulating library or any other library; if there was one ne one would use it. They have one priceless blessing — they have no tea meetings or amateur concerts, and the con sequence is that at present they are happy and contented. They are jolly people and kind to strangers, but a little of Georgetown goes a long way, and I bade it a tender farewell with great pleasure. Yes, the scalding tears I shed were soon dried on leaving the metropolis of the areas. 