EDITORIAL EXPERIENCE. I've been on the tripod. I've been running a live news paper over in Skewtonville. The village of Skewtonville is a savage little place where centenarians die in early life, and where coffin-makers accumulate fortunes. Last week I was informed that Timothy Johnson, late editor of the S/ceuitnville Roarer , had Budidenly deceased, and that the board of directors had chosen me as his successor, at a salary of 80 dollars, drinks and shirt- collars, per annum. I was requested to come at once to attend Johnson's funeral and eet uo his obituarv for the next issue. I tied a necktie round my throat, told Polly I was going to open a few gems of thought for a paper, and started to Skewtonville. Three drunken ruffians, smoking Junison weed in cob pipes, met me in the suburbs of the town, informed me they were the board of directors, and eecorted me to a honso where the late Hr. Johnson was lying in state, in a pine coffin, with his boots on. They told me that was the Skewtonville style of funeral pomp. A melancholy looking fellow Baid the usual things over the corpse, and assured the crowd that Johnson's ' spirit had taken its flight,' of which fact I suppose nobody had any doubt. Johnson looked as if he had been a great sinner, and I guess he needed all the prayers they gave him. The funeral procession started. The other folks walked, but out of respect to my high position I was mounted on a depraved mule. We laid the late editor ' beneath tho daisies,' practically speaking. Then I was escorted back to town, and ushered, into a dismal room with a half -inch hole punched through the wall, which I presume was a Skewtonville window. I thought I had inadvertently violated some city ordinance and been put in the calaboose, but oue of the ruffians relieved me with the information that I was in the office of the Sketetmiville Roarer, a live newspaper, 2 dollars per annum, payable in oorn- whisky. I told him he was a good jokist On the floor lay a copy of the Roarer, and next to it a jug of whisky. £ could not help thinking that they looked like twin brothers. One of the directors, who said that his name was Shnfflestreet, raised the bottle to hie lips, and told me he was the chief proprietor of the Roarer. If I had sold myself to the devil to edit a papa: in the infernal regions, I couldn't have felt meaner. He passed the bottle io me, but I told him I had a brother pamed after Neal Dow and John Gough, and I couldn't indulge. The man gazed at me as if I was a wild aninwf, pulled my hair and poked in my ribs to ascertain if Iliad a tangible existence, and then they said they' couldn't solve the mystery. I suppose they thought all thfefengelsf were in heaven. * The proprietor then handed me a slip- of : paper and said, 'Mate your will.'— ' Make what ? ' I said, with a horrible chill creeping over me. — 'Make your will,' he repeated. — ' Why,' said I, feeling my pulse in alarm, 'I ain't dying, ami?' — 'No,' he answered; ' but an editor's life is uncertain, and it is well enough to provide for accidents.' Some conception of the danger of my situation flashed upon me, and I commenced to beqneath mv worldly effects to Polly. The he handed me a Derringer pistol and said, — ' Write Johnson's obituary.'' — '? What am I to do with the Derringer ? ' 1 demanded.' — ' Write the obituary with it,' he said. Then he ex plained to me that the pen was attached to the pistol, so that if any one oame in while the editor is penning his Billingsgate, and takes exceptions, the editor is prepared to meet him. I felt my courage oozing away when the howitzer plan of journalism was explained to me. But I . wrote Johnson's |obituary. The proprietor said Johnson, had died of 'pistol shot' ; said he, 'That's the way editors wrap the drapery(of their coueh about' em here.' I pronounced Johnson's taking off a M damnable assassination,' and in the course of the obituary slandered, every maiden, and remarked in general terms that with a few exceptions every man for miles around there was a horse thief and a felon. The proprietor, after interlining a little profanity said the obituary would do, and told me to - state at the bottom that u I was ^personally responsible for it, and could be found on the street at all hours of the day.' * 'Why,' said I, 'won't I have to be in the offioa occasionally ? Oh, yes,' eaid he, ' that is just- s figurative expression.' Then I signed my name to the obituary which contained enough slander to subject me to be butchered a thousand times. Then the proprietor bade me follow him. He led the way to the grave-yard where we had put Johnson away. u Tins,' he observed, ' is the 'Editors' Cemetery.' Read them boards,' said he. I began — ' Tim Sniggles, aged 28; late editor Roarer ; bowie knife.' ' Tom Jones, editor Roarer ; pistol shot,' &c.;, until I had read forty of them, and all had died violent deaths, except one. Only one died like a Christian, and the proprietor informed me that ' he didn't have any editorial ' ability.' 'Now,' continued the proprietor, hacking up against a tombstone, 'we ran a live newspapes here. ? We make it hot and lively.' ' Yes,' I rejoined, glancing; around the cemetery, 'it may be a live newspaper, but I.' notice it has several dead editors.' ' Pshaw ! ' was his. answer, ' what ie life compared to independeatjournali6m ? ' I had to give in. 'How long,' I inquired, 'does the average editor live here ? ' ' Two or three weeks,' was his reply. I was thinking of my gentle Polly, who might never again behold me with the bloom of health on my cheek. Then dropping one huge tear to the memory of all 'them dead editors,' I walked back gloomily. At the office I wbb handed a dictionary with the remark— 'We - nee this altogether. Webster don't express our ideas.' The ' dictionary ' didn't have a decent word in it. The office was well fertified. The broom was half pitchfork,, and we poked the fire with a Spanish stiletto. At mid night I arose from my oough, took some chalk and wrote on the floor, ' My darling Stuifflestreet, au revoir ! Here's my resignation. Take your newspaper into the cemetery and employ Steve Lowery's ghost to run it.' Five minutes later a solitary fugitive might have been sees ' going through the darkness and gloom in the direction of Oshkoeh. That was this individual fleeing from the sweets of 'independent journalism' to the bosom of his family, and I propose to stay in that bosom for a considerable length of time, and Skewtonville journals can keek elsewhere for an editorial ' corpse.' — Banbury Ntws^ ______________ . 