ORDINATION CHARGE. The following was the charge delivered by the Rev. J. BICKFORD, an ex- President of the Aus- tralian Wesleyan Conference, on Wednesday evening, February 4, at the Pirie-street Church, to the Revs. 15. B. G. Edwards, J. Read, P. C. Thomas, S. T. Withington, W. H. Rofe, and J. H. Trevorrow:— "My dear Brethren— The important position which you occupy before your fathers and brethren this evening warrants the belief that you have personally enjoyed a Scriptural conver sion, and that you have since been called by the Holy Ghost to the office and work of tbe Christian ministry. The testimonies you have individually borne in the presence of God and of this con gregation have been distinct upon those points of faith and doctrine which are essential to the experience of the forgiveness. of sins and heir ship with Christ our Lord—' Being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness.' It is, as such, you have been received by us ; it is to you, as ' good men,' our hand of welcome has been given, and we now rejoice over you as 'chosen vessels' to bear Christ's name before the people. Our prayer for you is that you may have grace to be faithful to Him before whom we and you must finally give account. By the 'laying on of the hands of the presbytery' you have been ordained 'elders in the Church of God.' The Conference, being satisfied with your 'manner of life' and the 'confession' which you have made 'before many witnesses,' has, according to its usage, admitted you into 'full connection' with itself, whilst the ceremony of ordination through which you have passed may be taken as a public and official confirma tion of that act. Your probationary history, therefore, in our ministry is now a thing of the past You have been tried and approved by the congregations of our people and by your fathers and brethren, but the tears and sorrows, the hopes and triumphs of that period you can never forget. Such may remind yon in the future, if at any time you are assailed with temptations to ' highmindedness* or spiritual pride, that it was when you were little in your own sight the Lord anointed you over Israel; or, on the other hand, if at *ny time tempted to despond, or to slacken your hand in the work, that assuredly He who upheld and comforted you when you used only a ' sling and stone' will not forsake you now, when you have to wield ' the sword of the Lord and of Giieon.' Dear brethren, I have been requested by the Conference to address to you a few words of counsel upon this solemn and interesting occasion. It may be convenient and useful if I select a text from the sacred Book upon which to base my remarks. This I have accordingly done. The words are, 'I speak concerning Christ aiid the Church.' (Eph. v. 32). Herein are two themes or subjects, each of which is suggestive and important in the highest degree. ' We preach Christ crucified— the power of God and the wisdom of God.' This must be the marrow, the very essence of your sermons and prayers. Draw out and enlarge upon the clearly revealed doctrines of His pre eiistence and divinity; His mysterious incarna tion— 'God was manifested in the flesh;' His sufferings—' Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust;' and His death — * It is Christ that died.' Do not fear to deal in your sermons with the profoundest truths of our holy religion; dig deeply, the mine of truth will not only bear but pay for exploration. Avoid being superficial only. Such a style may please your hearers for a time, but the ministry that deals only with the surface of either divine or human thought will be alike feeble and unfruitful in the great work of preaching 'the common saiva ti3n.' Deal largely in such doctrines as the resurrection of Christ— the personality and office of the Holy Ghost in the Christian Church, the immortality of the soul, and future and eternal punishment This is the 'holy1 and consecrated 'ground' of divine and everlasting Truth ; reverently enter within its sacred en closure, approach the ' Tree of Life' standing in its very ^centre, and bring out for the comfort and edification of your people the rich discove ries you make therein. To each of you, in the words of Paul, I say—' Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. . . . Preach the Word ; be instant in season, out of season ; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long- Bufferingand doctrine . . . do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.' ' I speak concerning Christ.' Let me with all proper solemnity ask, what does Christ, your Lord and Master, expect from each of you as His servants ministering in His Church .' The thoughts which now rise in our minds under the pressure of this question are both solemn and impressive. But as we are anxious to be brief, and to give at the same time a direct practical bearing in our exposition regarding your ministry amongst us in this land, it may be remarked — First, that Christ expects that each of you will ever exhibit in your ministrations Scriptural views of His Headship, and steadily to maintain them. 'When Jesus came into the coasts of Ceearea Phillippi, He asked His disciples, saying, whom do men say that I the Son of Man am? And they said — Some say that thou art John the Baptist ; some, Elias ; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets. He saith unto them, but whom say ye that I am? And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art Christ, the Son of the living God.' As a religious body, we know no head but Christ In that article of well considered and accepted belief we publicly recognise His sole right to nominate, constitute, and appoint His servants to preach His gospel, and to administer His sacraments in the congre gation. This 'glory He will not give to another.' Its retention by Him is necessary, as involving the ' pre- eminence' assigned to Him, and the bestowment of those 'gifts' which He 'received for men.' The Holy Ghost is one of those 'gifts;' the ministry is another, which, taken together, are His two greatest ' gifts' to the Church and the world. The impartation of these— time and circum stance agreeing— is an important part of His mediatorial functions, the appropriate reward of His sufferings, and the accepted condition of the 'glory that should follow' His exaltation. Never, no never forget that the Father ' gave Him to be head over all things to the Church, which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all m alL' Secondly, that each of you will be loyal to Him in all your efforts and toils to pro mote and serve His cause in the world. Of you it should be said with all truthfulness— ' These men are the servants of the Most High God, which show unto us tbe way of salvation.' This service, upon which you have now fully entered, presupposes that you have a familiar acquain tance with the will of Him who hath sent you ; a comprehensive knowledge of the laws of the kingdom itself, and your sincere acceptance of them as your own rule of life. Remember that true loyalty is not fitful but constant, not simple emotion but deep convic tion. It is fidelity to plighted vows— such as you. have made to- night—and can never have a second love, nor object, nor desire. It once asks the question, ' Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do,' but it never repeats it It is peaceable in times of peace ; but if at any time the war-cry is heard at the gate, and the interests ot the Prince of Peace are in danger, it will rush into the breach and dare even to the death. Your shields in such a conflict may be struck by the foe. Even scars bo received may be registered as 'the marks of the Lord Jesus.' Thirdly, that individually you will report to Him yoor suc cesses and discouragements. The parable of the ' Great Supper' is in point for proving this branch of duty and obedience. ' Then said He unto them— A certain man made a great supper, and bade many; and sent his servant at supper time to say to* them that were bidden, Come, for all things are now ready. And they all with consent began to make excuse. . . . So that servant came, and showed his lord these things.' Let us here remind you that the personal inter course of Jesus with His disciples was unre strained. From Him they received their com mission, their spheres of labour were those which He appointed, asd to Him, consequently, they reported the results of thoir labours. Surely from such indisputable data we may easily gather a knowledge of our duties, and act accordingly. Is success not necessary as showing the validity of our credentials? Is the old pro verb not as true now as it was when it was first ?uttered — ' He is no physician who makes no cures f and is there, or can there be, any com fort in our hearts in the absence of known success? Every sinter saved by our ministry is another trophy placed at the feet of the Lord Jesus Christ, whilst every additional song of praise heard in our assemblies is evidence that our Messiah still reigns. Oh ! 'There is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.' Success precedes triumph* expect it, pray for it, weep for it, work for it. But if after all you are the subjects of discou ragements, what then ? Why, go and tell the Master, and send the wail into His loving ear, ' Who hath believed our report, and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed.' In reply, sooner or later, you will hear the assuring words from Him whem you serve, ' Go thou thy way till the end be, for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.' 'Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer. . . . be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.' These should be sufficient *I speak concerning . . . the Church.' It -is not ' the Church of the living God' I am to speak of in its entirety, but that branch of it in this country into whose eldership you have this night been received by us. As a fact of your personal history it maybe assumed that you are members of this branch of the general Church as the result of your own volition and purpose; further, that your present relation to it is evidence of your satisfaction with it as yonr spiritual home, and that in its communion you intend to live and die. It is, therefore, in good faith that you are 'settled' and 'fixed' in your ecclesiastical preferences, that you have been inducted into this fellowship and consti tuted ' overseers in the Church of God.' Now, out of this understanding and sacred relation grow certain responsibilities and duties. We ask, what does the Church— the Church of your own choice— expect from you?* A full reply to such a question cannot be given on this occasion, which we much, regret We can only notice a few particulars, first, you are expected faithfully and continuously to set forth in your public discourses our fixed theology as laid down in our standard writings. You have been asked to-night whether yon have read the first four volumes of Mr. Wesley's sermons and his Notes on the New Testament, and whether you believe that tbe system of doctrine therein contained is in accordance with the Holy Scriptures; to which the reply has been given by each of you, 'I have read them, and do so believe.' 5 his your con fession we have received in good faith. As a religious body we have the advantage of many sister Churches in this respect — that ours is a standard theology, which we must ever love and venerate because of its complete agreement with the Word of God. At the same time, there is not, we believe, a Church in existence that has in its pulpits a greater diversity of talent, more varied illustrations of truth, or the exhi bition of a deeper, stronger, or more untiring purpose to know the whole mind of God, than that shewn by our ministers, both old and young. Outside 'those things which are most assuredly believed among us' there is plenty of room for the play of the imagination, and for the exercise of profound theological skflL Wedonotwantany thing new— anything of modern invention — but we do want a firmer adherence than is sometimes shewn to the grand old truths which our fathers preached. Permit me to add that we do not want fine preaching, so called, although super ficial and simply emotional hearers so much like it ; we want and must have in our pulpits, plain and pungent preaching— that kind of preaching which will convey ' demon stration' and salvation to the soul. Let your style also be terse, simple, forceful — wrestle with the conscience and win souls for Christ. Secondly, you are expected to maintain and enforce a Scriptural discipline in the Circuits to which you may be from year to year appointed by theCcnference. ' The soul and body make the man; and the spirit and discipline make the Christian.' Discipline, or government, maybe regarded as a fence for protecting and keeping the Church pure in morals and correct in faith. You will find, probably, that the most difficult of all your ministerial duties is its administra tion; and oftentimes it may be the fore runner of many Borrows and mortifications to yourselves. Nevertheless, in the exer cise ef an .ordinary amount of prudence — free from all partisanship— you may succeed 'in doing justly,' even when you have to do with the 'contentious' and 'unreasonable men' some times found in Churches now as they were in apostolic times. Cases of discipline sometimes arise out of mere ebullitions of temper. Be not in a hurry to deal with such. Let the parties concerned have time for reflection, and you will find that what appeared at first as imperilling the peace of the Church will gradually dis appear. In administering discipline, consider well what will be the effect upon the future of an erring brother. Your action in this work is not for destruction but salvation. Unnecessary setting aside of a Church officer, and the putting of another in his place, may become a snare to his soul and be the fore runner of separation from the Church he long loved and generously supported. Deal gently with men of lone standing in our local or circuit ranks, and, before an erasure of their names shall be completed, do everything that man can do to retain them. ' Brethren, if a man [ be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual re store such an one in the spirit of 'meekness ; consider thyself, lest thou be also tempted. Bear in one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ' Be accessible to the 'per plexed' and to the wounded in spirit, patiently listen to their tales of trouble, and promptly re move, if you can, their cause. Ever remember that the government of the Church has its foundation in the laws of the New Testa ment; study them as embodied in the Pauline writings and in the incidents of Church-life in apostolic times. Our discipline has two aspects which you must definitely understand, viz., that which refers to us as ministers in bur relation to; each other and to our people and that which arises from the relation of the people themselves to the collective pasto rate, to the Church officers, and to their fellow -members. Be conscientiously exact, in observing our rules: — 'Be punctual. Do everything exactly at the right time. And do not mend our rules, but keep them, and that for conscience sake.' Thirdly, you are expected to 'shepherd the flock, which He 'purchased with His own blood;' and by His grace to gather in erring and wandering souls. No charge under heaven for impressiveness and value can be compared with that this night committed to you. It is the 'cure of souls.' One that is inexpressibly dear to Jesus as ' His seed,' and one that will be dear to you also if your sym pathies are true to Him. Your work is that of tending, guiding, and protecting the flock against all toes; take good care of the member ship entrusted to you, and let none wander from the fold. Let your ministry be sustaining in its character. Any 'novice' almost may so excite emotional feeling as to induce the peni tential tear and the burdened sigh ; but no 'novice' can effectively shepherd souls by constantly supplying to them words of know ledge and the bread cf life. 'Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men.' Be 'men of God' in the highest sense; do your dutj — do it always— so that 'when tbe Chief Shepherd shall appear, ye may receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away.' But I am anxious to direct your attention to other departments of ministerial wotk not yet sufficiently dwelt upon in this address. I refer to the children of our people, wkose spiritual status you will find in the words of Jesus: — ' Of such is the kingdom of Heaven.' If any of these die in infancy, or early childhood, although they were incapable of repenting and believing, yet they are assuredly saved through the 'free gift' coming upon them 'unto justification of life.' In the exercise of your ministerial functions you will receive many hundreds of these children into the Church by baptism. ' Baptized,' indeed, ' into the body of Chrises death.' This custom has obtained from apostolic times. Remember that you are sent not only to 'preach the gospel,' but to '.baptize' 'house holds,' ' families,' as well as individuals, when asked so to do. But there was infant or child communion also. Baptized children, at a very tender age, were undoubtedly brought to the Lord's table. Thus the ' seal' followed upon the ' sign.' We ask, why was so proper a custom discontinued.' Thousands upon thousands of children and young people in these later centuries have been lost to the Churches. Has the lapse of this usage anything to do with it? In your Circuits you will find besides the mem bers of your Society — our class members — large numbers who attend our ministry, support our various institutions, and recognise and love us as their pastors. Have a due care of these. Regard ibem as a part of your charge, and give [ them always to feel that the Church you serve ; is their spiritual home, even as it is yours. The | Church has been defined as ' a congregation of ! faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is j preached and the sacraments duly adminis i tered . according to Christ's ordinance.' The i 'unity of a multitude f such multitude, as it respects our own body, being composed of the . baptized children of our people,-the members of our Society, and of all besides who consis tently adhere to our teaching and take the Lord's Supper at our hands. We hasten to a : dote. Looking upon the solemn transactions ! of this evening in the light of a compact, you may fairly ask what are we to expect from the congregations we have this night pledged ourselves to serve with all our powers ? In answer : First, it is under stood that whilst you are so engaged all your reasonable wants will be supplied. Each of you, at the call of Christ, has 'left all ;' and, from this hour to your last in this world you are precluded by your ordination vows from trading —you are not to 'buy and sell, and get gain,' but work with all your soul in the Lord's vine yard. With us, as a Church, a separated minis try is an essential part of our constitution. We believe with St Paul, that 'The Lord also ordained that they who preach the Gospel should live of the GospeL' Our financial arrangements are so adjusted that there can never be the existence of such inequalities of stipend as are found much to tbe scandal of some denominations. Our minimum allowances in the Circuits, except in the cases of large families, with a reasonable economy may cover ordinary wants, but nothing more; whilst our maximum allowances will permit only additional comforts in a small degree. We do not serve in this ministry for ' filthy lucre's sake ;' if that were our ruling motive we shosld have recourse to other departments of public life and cot to this. Secondly, the sympathy and prayers of the people you may expect for yoir success in the work. It would indeed be a sad disaster for you if these were witheld ; because in our judgment they are indispensable to your comfort and success. Sympathy is fellowfeei ing : noble natures have it in largest measure. We would commiserate the brother whose misfortune it should be to labour among those inferior beinsrs — we can hardly call them men, much less Christian — who, having no more feeling than an icicle, chill and petrify every object they come near. Christian sympathy and consideratoness, on the part of those to whom you minister, are almost essential to effectiveness in your work ; but should you be appointed to labour among those who withhold from you their hearty and reasoa able assistance, then remember for your encouragement that such sympathy may often be awakened and intensified by earnest prayer ; the one will mutually aid in the production and expression of the other till like an Aaron and a Hur, they stay up your hands, ' the one on the one side and the other on the other.' Thus the assurance that an earnest loving people are praying for you, 'with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit,' will cheer and aid you in your glorious enterprise. Thirdly, you may expect the Lord Christ to reward your toil in His own kingdom hereafter. That there is a reward for the faithful minister is the teaching of the Divine Word. That reward, too, shall be certain, satisfying, and eternal. Standing each in his own ' lot* amid the vast assemblage before 'His throne of glory,' it shall be found that every effort made by you in love to souls will have their respec tive rewards. How intense the concern of our DivineMasterforour success and triumphnone but His own great loving heart can ever know; hence He has promised to help us in every struggle and to crown with eternal rewards what His own grace has enabled us to do. ' My grace is suffi cient for thee.' . . . 'They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.' Your 'fathers, where are they?' Believing as we are bound to do in the soul's immortality, and in the individual, personal consciousness of the soul in the unseen world, we are constrained to the belief that the now glorified spirits of the fathers of this work are interested m the consecration of each of you to the work of the Church this night. Were it admissable they would doubtless often visit tbe well-remembered scenes of their former labours; and, in some manner consonant with the law of their disembodied existence^ inspirit their successors to persistent effort in the work of saving souls from death. Possibly, even now the deep concern they may be supposed to have in yeur fidelity and success may cause them to bend towards the spot where you have just knelt and pledged yourselves to labour untiringly for God. We seem to be conscious of their presence in hovering nearness whilst thus thinking of them. The names of the founders of our Aus , tralian Church are written in the ' book of His 1 remembrance;' and when with us here they ' were known as 'very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.' We fervently pray that the melting constraining love which inspired their hearts and tongues may ever dwell in you; but, above all, may the compassion ] of Him ~whe ' died the whole world to redeem,' ' baptize and consecrate you for the high and \- holy enterprises upon which you have this sight ; entered in the presence of God and of this con gregation. Go then to your work, dear brethren, and labour on cheerfully and zealously till your life shall end. We pray that your 'bow may abide in strength,' and that the 'arms of your ! hands may be made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob.' ' 