The Storyteller. LONG ODDS. CHAPTER V. A WEDDING GIFT. BY MARCUS CLARKE. WHEN Mrs Manton arose the morning after the proposals of her lodger had taken place, she arose with a thrill of delight, and while un- twisting her curl papers (she had the most spiral and natural curls in the world), she thought of the Paradise that was opening be- fore her. "Of course I shall live with Carry," said she. "Mr Chatteris must be rich. It's all very fine to live retired, but when gentlemen get letters with coronets on the h'envelopes, they must be something. I suppose he's had a quarrel with his family and wants to let it blow over. I'll find out all about him now at all events. Carry's made a match of it, and no mistake ; but he's a weak-minded feller, and might draw back when he's cooler. I'll go and talk to him to-day," and so she did. Cyril had breakfasted in a somewhat curious fashion. Maria Jane, who brought up the tea things, smiled and giggled in a curious way that ruffled his nerves considerably; "What did Maria Jane want with his affairs ?" He felt half angry with himself, and gulped down his tea as though that cheering but uninebria- ting beverage could drown the distrust that would keep rising in his throat. He looked round the room, and made mental comparisons between his "den" at Christ- church ; and then his thoughts flew back to the well-lighted breakfast room at Matcham, with his prim father at one end of the snowy table, and Kate at the other ; Kate ! he thought of a scene in the park last spring, when she—— "Come in!" A timid knock broke his reverie, and the door opening disclosed Miss Carry, blushing like a rose, and looking bewitching in her rustling morning dress. Kate was forgotten in an in- stant. "My darling Carry!" and the sordid little room straightway became a palace. It may perhaps be doubted by some of you, that Caroline was really in love with her af- fianced husband. I think that she was. Re- member that she never had been in love before ; that Cyril was handsome, talkative, and her superior; and also that with most young girls the first who talks of love is the first one to awaken it. For the time she was very happy. Naturally she thought of dresses and jewels, and other matters, but still she remembered that the young man at her side was the good genius who was to give her all these fine things, and she loved him accordingly. So the pair sat side by side on the sofa, and cooed like turtle-doves. By-and-by Mrs Manton in imperial splendor of cap ribbons, entered without knocking. This little familiarity annoyed Cyril. It was the first tug of the chain. " Don't disturb yourself, my dear," says she, seating herself with ponderous grace in one of the arm-chairs, and then she tittered. Cyril blushed hot crimson. " Good morning!" said he, and arose, under pretence of lighting his pipe. (He could not bear that he should be caught love-making.) "Do you object to my smoking ?" " Not a bit, my boy— I rather like it." Cyril struck a match angrily. Would nothing move the woman ? He scowled pettishly. The match went out. Carry tripped across the room and lighted another for him, with a coquettish look. His brow cleared, and he kissed her on the forehead. Mrs Manton looked out of the window and smiled. "She can twist him round her little finger!" thought she. * * * * * * * * * * Cyril went down to the Mercury office two days afterwards. " I say, Blister," said he, "I suppose you won't have much doing for a week or so ?" " Why? " " Why, I want a holiday. I haven't been very well lately, and—— " "Oh, of course—whenever you like," re- turned Blister, who rather pitied the prodigal whom he had helped to ruin ; " and, if you want any money, old fellow——" " No, thank you. I received my allowance last week, and I have been economical lately." Enter Mr Rupert Dacre. " Ha, Cyril! You're not looking well." " No—going to take a holiday for a week or two," says Blister. " Quite right. I'm going out of town, too." " Oh, indeed!" " Down to Loamshire." Cyril turned away. "I will send you up that matter to-night, Blister, and shall be back again in a fortnight." " Wait a minute," says Rupert, " I'm going down the street." So the two men went out together. " Have you heard from Matcham, Chatteris ?" asked Rupert, after a pause. " No. I get my interest regularly paid, and that is all I ever hear of them," returned Cyril, bitterly. " I am going down there to-morrow." " Oh! (A pause.) You needn't say that you met me." Dacre (aside). That means, "I wish you would tell them that you met me." (Aloud). Oh, no—of course not. Cyril. I think I shall go down to Brighton for a day or two. I want some fresh air. Dacre (mentally). Brighton in September ! I wonder what is the matter with him. (Aloud). Yes—a capital place. Fine and breezy just now. Well, then, you've no messages ? Cyril. No!— Yes! You might tell Fred, if you see him, that I am all right, you know. He's at Kirkminster, isn't he ? Dacre. Yes. He wrote to me yesterday, telling me some nonsense about a garrison steeplechase. I hate racing across country myself. Cyril (who is thinking of something else.) Yes, of course. Dacre (suddenly). Hallo! Who's that in the cab ? A hackney cab was preparing to drive up to the kerb. A fat old woman and pretty young one were inside it. The front seat was loaded with parcels. They had been shopping, evi- dently. " The little one is making signs to you," says Dacre. Cyril blushed, and looked confused. " Yes," said he. "A little friend of mine. Excuse me." " Oh, of course, my dear boy," returned Dacre, with a laugh. Cyril went across to the cab, opened the door and got in. Rupert watched it turn the corner. " She is a very pretty girl, whoever she is," thought he. " I wonder what the boy is up to? Brighton in September—hum! Well, I suppose I shall know by-and-by. Here, cabby!—Brook street." So Mr Rupert Dacre went his ways to Matcham. Cyril was fairly in the toils. The two ladies had decided that the marriage should take place instantly. They wished, indeed, that it should be a public matter; that numerous bridesmaids should attend; that a big cake should be made; that Dym-street should be awakened by the glory of Hymen; that car- riages should stand before the Mantonian door; and that Cyril should be led in triumph at his wife's chariot-wheels. Carry, indeed, had visions of St. George's, and paragraphs in the Morning Post. But these dreams were rudely dispelled by Chatteris. " We will get married as quietly as possible," said he, with an angry flush rising on his face; and Mrs Manton, who had found out by this time that, however weak and pliable her son-in- law might be, he had a " temper of his own," wisely gave way. She had sense enough to see that the marriage was too good a thing to be thrown away, and that if she leant upon the matrimonial reed too heavily, it would break, and pierce her hand. Cyril had determined upon his course of action. He would get married quietly, and go away to Boulogne for a week or so. Then re- turn and work hard for his bread, and perhaps become a great author. Young men are always sanguine, and the leader-writer for the Mercury saw no possible obstacle to his success as a litterateur. Having made his name, he would return to Matcham, shake off the dust from his literary foot against the place, and prove that he could live upon his own resources. Meanwhile Carry was shopping with all the ardour of a youthful Commanche on his first war-trail. It was extraordinary how many things were necessary to her now, that had been regarded as utterly useless or unobtainable be- fore. Cyril danced attendance on his future bride at all the shops in Oxford-street. Regent- street "counter-hands" knew him well, and the cabmen at the stand in Dym-street pricked up their ears when they saw his figure approaching. Mr Paul Rendlesham, the poverty-stricken curate of the Hon. and Rev. St. Vere Simeon, was the man chosen to perform the ceremony, and the usual tax upon matrimony—in the shape of a licence fee—was paid in due course. The eventful day arrived. Carry prayed hard that some of her female acquaintances might be present to witness her triumph, but the inexorable Cyril refused. " You don't love me, Cy-cy-ril," says she. Cy-cy-ril shrugged his shoulders. "My darling girl, be reasonable. What do we want with all those confounded women ?" "Well, but to be married in such a quiet way, with nobody by." "It appears to me; my dear girl, that you marry me, not your bridesmaids," says Cyril, with a touch of sarcasm in his tone. "Oh, Cyril!" " There, that will do. Upon my word, Carry, you are very unreasonable." Carry saw that it was no use to quarrel, so she gave up the contest, and was kissed and consoled. The wedding took place. One solitary hack- ney cab was all the splendor permitted. Mrs Manton stayed at home to look after the dinner, and Cyril and Carry went off alone. They were to start for Folkestone that afternoon, and to return to Dym-street in a fortnight's time. The ceremony was performed by Mr Rendle- sham, to the edification (it is to be hoped) of a pew- opener and of those nameless and curious persons who always attend weddings, and who, sitting in the gallery, nudge each other furtively and comment on the appearance of the bride. Carry was weeping and laughing, and smiling all at once, and Cyril was rather oppressed than otherwise. He was nervous as to the results of the step he was taking. All the morning he had felt in a bad humor, and had he the courage would have run away from his bride altogether. Yet a look from her was enough to rivet his chains again, and when he passed out of the church with his wife upon his arm, and heard a snuffy old woman say, " what a pretty gal to be sure!" he felt a thrill of pride and pleasure. They reached home. The instant the cab stopped the door was opened. Cyril led his wife into the hall. Mrs Manton appeared hurriedly, but instead of em- bracing her daughter, she made straight for Cyril. "Here's a telegram sent down from the Mercury office," cries she. "The boy said it was 'immediate.' I hope nothing's wrong, Mr Chatteris?" Cyril opened the envelope. TO CYRIL CHATTERIS, Mercury Office, Fleet-street. TO BE FORWARDED Steeplechase. Fred injured. Lose no time. RUPERT DACRE. He turned pale. A rapid vision flashed be- fore him. A falling horse—his brother crushed and dying—a funeral—a reconciliation, and a new heir to Matcham. A new heir ——! His breath came quickly. " What is it, Cyril darling ?" He looked down upon his wife. Her soft eyes were full of tears, and her hand trembled. She looked the embodiment of love and pity. The news of his fortune (for such it seemed to him) was on his lips. " Lor, Mr Cyril, what's the matter ? Why, you're as pale as a ghost ?" The vulgar accents grated upon his ear. He thought of Lady Loughborough and Kate, and crushed the paper in his hand convulsively. A second vision—of Mrs Manton at Matcham— came before him. " Nothing—nothing!" said he; " only a busi- ness matter. I shall have to go down to the office at once." "Oh, Cyril!" Cyril was touched by his wife's cry. She clung to him alarmedly. "Never mind, my dear child. I shall be back soon; and he pressed his lips to hers. Had she been alone, he would have told her all, but the die was cast now. Carry was in tears. Mrs Manton took her in her arms. "Go to the office now, Mr Chatteris !" she cried. But Cyril had jumped into the wedding-cab, and had driven off. That night a dirty-faced boy brought a letter to Dym-street, for " Mrs Chatteris.'' MY DARLING CARRY,—l find that urgent business will take me into the country for a day or two. It costs me much to leave you at such a time, but I cannot help it. Do not be alarmed, my darling, I shall be back soon, and then I will explain it all to you. God bless you, my darling wife.—Your loving husband, CYRIL. CHAPTER VI. FIRST LINKS. THERE was death in the house ! Most of us, alas! can realise the full meaning of the phrase. It means that servants step softly, that voices are subdued, that blinds are drawn down, that flowers do not smell so sweetly, that the sun does not shine so brightly, that books seem to have lost their power to charm, that pictures seem to have lost their coloring ; that those matters that were of such importance yesterday are now without interest; that we are removed by a great gulf from our passions, joys, and sorrows of twelve hours back, that a leaden weight is upon our hearts; that a veil is drawn between us and God's heaven ; that all our slighting words, our unkind actions towards him who was our brother yesterday, rise up like reproachful phantoms to haunt us for ever, and that—most cruel of all—the world without is eating and drinking, buying and selling, marrying and giving in marriage, without a thought of us, or for our sorrow. There was death at Matcham. Despite Mr Seville Chatteris being the most gentlemanly of mortals, and the staunchest of Conservatives, that audacious Radical who rides on the pale horse of universal equality had paid him a visit and taken his son away en croupe. Poor Fred! He was the last person that should have been so remorselessly levelled by the keen sickle of the reaper. A gay, good-humored, care- less fellow, with a tolerable seat on a horse, some success among silly women of the milliner sort, and a firm belief in his own abilities—what should he do in that galley where Death and the Lady throw dice for the souls of men ? He was heir to Matcham, lieutenant in a dragoon regiment, five and twenty years of age, was killed by the fall of his horse, was buried at Matcham churchyard, and the passionless tide of life flows on over his grave without so much as a ripple. Apart from the natural shock attendant upon his sudden removal nobody regretted him much. The verdict of the service in general was, "Poor Fred Chatteris is killed I see ! Horse fell with him at a steeplechase. Nothing like blood for going across country, Sabretasche, ring for another 'peg.' " Lady Loughborough shed some natural tears, but wiped them sooner than usual, and though she kept her room, and af- fected a low tone of voice, as suitable to the "sad accident to poor dear Fred," she was not absolutely overcome with grief. Kate was, physically, the most affected of anybody. She was so close to him when he fell, had been brought up with him from childhood, and felt that natural horror of sudden and violent deaths which all persons of exuberant vitality must feel ; but even she was merely physically grieved. Mr Saville Chatteris was chief mourner. He had never discovered how much he had loved his son till he saw him dead at his feet. He had regarded the young man as a work of art created by his own hands, and which was to reflect honor upon tho artist. But as the coffin slowly disappeared into the vault, he felt that it con- tained much that was left to him of earthly happiness, and he suffered more than his cold, proud nature would permit him to express. Cyril had arrived the day after the accident, and in his inmost heart was the least sorrowful of all the party. Even Mr Rupert Dacre, who had been requested by the master of the house to remain until his surviving son arrived, was more affected at the matter than Cyril ; that is to say, he seemed to be so; for the budding dip- lomatist was fond of confessing the soft im- peachment of " materialism," and would argue with his select friends concerning the impossi- bility of everything he did not understand, and would avow, with a playful wave of his cigar, " that, for his part, he saw nothing more in a dead man than a lump of clay, you know." On this occasion, however, he found it politic to dismiss these conclusions, and was as con- solatory as his nature permitted him to be. During the administering of these consolations, he found time to watch the bearing of the various persons around him, and more especially that of the new heir. "He is strangely preoccupied about some- thing," thought Dacre. "He has got something on his mind, I expect. Debts, perhaps; but that should give him no uneasiness now. It can't be affection for his brother—for I don't think that the fellow cared much about him, or anybody else but himself." Mr Rupert Dacre was wrong. It was not himself that Cyril was thinking of. It was of his wife. Should he tell his father, and risk another breach of filial and paternal peace? They had been reconciled now, at least as far as outward seeming went. The old man was frigidly polite to his returned prodigal, and re- quested him to issue instructions teaching several domestic matters, a request which Cyril construed into a tacit recognition of his rights as heir, but as yet no fatted calf had literally or allegorically been killed. Kate had witnessed this negative reconciliation in wondering pity. Cyril appeared so careworn, too. He was unusually silent and distrait. Everyone but Mr Rupert Dacre being for the present in menial sackcloth and ashes, this was permitted to pass unregarded, but the quick eyes of loving Kate detected at once that her cousin had something else on his mind beside grief for his brother. Two days after the funeral, Cyril found he could bear the suspense no longer. In the first place he longed to see his wife, in the second he was ill at ease in the gloomy house, and with his prevailing selfishness, he wished to quit all that reminded him of sorrow or pain. Then, his father had given him no clue to the course he intended to pursue with regard to him. " He will never leave me to starve upon two hundred pounds a year," thought he ; but then, what would he wish him to do? To give up the Mercury, of course. His vanity revolted at the notion. To come and live at Matcham? Perhaps ; but then what should he do with Carry? To study for the bar at London? That would be feasible enough ; he could then conceal his marriage. Yet, it must be confessed some time or other. After his father's death ? Seville Chatteris was healthy and rigorous, and might live for years. It would be better to confess at once and "have it over." He would do so. As he turned to go to the library, he met a servant with a tray containing Lady Lough- borough's "afternoon tea," (her ladyship choos- ing to keep her apartments during the period of mourning). Instantly a vision arose before him. Mrs Manton, in curls and cap-ribbons, rubbing one fat hand over the other as she curtseyed to her son-in-law's aunt, was visible in his mind's eye, and he turned back again. " I will get rid of that villainous old woman, and then I will bring Carry down here," said he, and, somewhat calmed by this reflection, he walked out on to the lawn, and lighting a cigar as he went, strolled down towards the shrubbery. There had been a shower in the morning, and the watery, gray rain-clouds were yet hanging over distant Kirkminster ; but Matcham woods were in their glory, rich with autumn tints and bathed in autumn sunset. One long streak of crimson barred the western sky; but the win- dows of the house were all ablaze and reflected light ; its many turrets, gables, and buttresses were distorted with every variety of shadow. The air was delicate and pure, the birds chirruped and twittered among distant orchard branches ; and with an incessant and melancholy cawing a black line of rooks flapped heavily homewards athwart the pure golden sky. The hour and the place were favorable to musing, and Mr Rupert Dacre was extended at full length on a bench in the beech-tree walk, listening with half-shut eyes to the silvery and intermittent chiming of the far-off cathedral bells. "Ah—Cyril!" and the two young men sat down together. Cyril looked round upon the soft landscape, up into the pure heaven, down on to the hard and mossy gravel, and then up again into his companion's face. He saw only the sunset- light reflected there. " Rupert, I'm going back to London,"— "You can't go now, my dear boy," said Dacre, with enforced solemnity. " I cannot stand this sort of thing long. My father won't speak to me, and the house is like some vast tomb," says Cyril, pettishly kicking a loose stone with one pendant foot. " My dear fellow, you must not be too rash. Remember that the unhappy accident has af- fected your father deeply." " I say, Dacre, what made you telegraph to me so quickly ?" says Chatteris, suddenly. " Merely to let you know at once. Everybody else seemed helpless. What made you ask such a question!" " Oh, I don't know," returned the other, whose steady look into that sunset-lit face had shown him nothing. "It was very kind of you, I'm sure." " My dear boy," says Dacre, deprecatingly. As he spoke, the sun fell suddenly behind the tree-tops, and the glory faded from his face. Cyril fancied he saw a sneer there. "Come," said he, with a slight shudder, " it is getting chill ; let us go in." Rupert Dacre flung the stump of his smoulder- ing cigar gently from him. It fell into a little pool that the recent rain had left among the stones, and went out with a sullen hissing sound. " Give me your arm, my dear fellow," said he, with a most consolatory smile, "I want to talk to you a little." " In the first place," began the rising diplo- matist—"you will excuse an old friend, who used to fag you at Eton telling you an unwhole- some truth. You are—well, not a fool—but a man of perverted intellect. You had a capital career open to you, and you spoilt it all by your preposterous folly and vanity. Now don't interrupt me—but listen. You had an excellent chance of honors—at least so they told me— and you quit Oxford for some reason that I don't want to hear, for it is sure to be a bad one. You come home here, quarrel with your very worthy and estimable father, and rush up to London, to make a fortune and a name by dishing up other people's sentiments in the lead- ing columns of a radical newspaper. This may be a very fine thing to be able to do, my dear boy, perhaps it is ; but permit me to suggest that the son—the only son " (and he emphasised the words with eyes as well as voice) "of Mr Chatteris of Matcham, ought to do something better. A leader-writer for a paper like the Mercury is not a man of mark in the annals of his country, my dear Cyril; and if you want fame, you can get it easier by inventing a patent pill, or a new method of pickling pork, than by all the leading articles that ever went to the butter shop." (They had reached the end of the walk by this time, and the cynical Mentor paused for a moment to let his wisdom sink into the ears of his pupil.) "I was speaking to your father this morning" (Cyril began to listen), "and he seemed in a great perplexity about your future career. Indeed, he did me the honor to ask my advice upon the matter"— " The deuce he did," thought Telemachus— " And I have been thinking all the afternoon about it. There can be no question but that he intends to make you a proper allowance,—that is, if you behave yourself—but I would not ad- vise you to indulge in any pranks or you may get into mischief again. "I suppose," continued he, with a curious glance at his companion, "that you are not in any scrape just now." "In any scrape!" Oh, if he only knew! But Cyril said, with an easy laugh, "None, my dear fellow, that I know of." "I am glad to hear it; but if you are, you had better go and tell your father at once, and begin with a clean bill of health." Here was a temptation! He would go to his father and tell him all, and make the best of it He had half withdrawn his arm from Dacre's, for the purpose of giving more weight to his declaration, when the other struck in— "Marriage, my dear Cyril, is the great sheet anchor of young man! If you assume the burden of respectability, you must also assume the burden of matrimony. If you elect to dwell in tents, it does not so much matter, but to the well-being of a Philistine a wife is absolutely necessary. For myself, I am unable to afford that luxury at present, but, I trust that, after some brief space of time, the value of my services to my country may be more satis- factorily recognised, and I maybe enabled to take to my bosom some skinny person of good blood and aristocratic connections. I have observed," remarked Mr Rupert Dacre, parenthetically, "that leanness and good blood are indispensable for a rising man's wife—l trust to obtain both. But for you, my dear fellow, seriously speaking, a much wider field is open. You can choose, with reservations of course, where you will. Do you prefer money ? Book it among the chubby heiresses of provincial manufacturing towns ; the simpering daughters of City mag- nates, or the more dashing progeny of the lords of the stock exchange. Do you desire blood ? You can take your choice of all the vintages in Debrett, and stock your cellars either with the blushing glories of the Battle-Abbey brand, or the more recent but perhaps more healthy bottlings of the reign of the First James; indeed, with the exception of Lady Millicent Lopel, whose parents have been saving her for nineteen years for the young Duke of Bilbouquet and old Foozleton's daughter, who is going to marry What's-his-name the coach-builder, I believe you can have any woman you like. I should therefore recommend, my dear fellow, that you put off your Bohemian 'old man' from you, and enduing yourself with the toga virilis of Philistine respectability, come out as a country gentleman. Life here," continued Dacre, with an airy wave of his hand towards the fast darkening landscape, "is pleasant enough. The recubans sub tegmine fagi busi- ness, which has been discoursed upon at such length by the posts, is yours for ever. You will settle down here, hunt a pack of hounds, go to church twice a day on Sundays, and breed short- horned bullocks. This is, as I take it, the whole duty of man in his capacity as country gentle- man. You will grow fat and good-tempered; give dinners and drink port wine for the remain- der of your existence. As that preposterous creation of Lord Lytton remarks in the second act of the most successful and most claptrap drama of modern times, 'Dost like the picture?"' " No," said Cyril, laughing, "I don't." "Ah! you have a soul above shorthorns. What do you say then to Parliament. A great field for men of ability. Will you be the darling of drawing-rooms, the perfumed dandy of Belgravia, the harmless lion of ambassadors' dinners, the abused one of newspapers, the arbiter of peace and war, the leader of a politi- cal party ? No, you will not be that, my friend, because you have not brains enough for such a career." " Complimentary," laughed the other. " Not at all complimentary, but true. We will try another picture. A man about town. A neat little box at Richmond, a yacht at Cowes, a few acres in Scotland, a box at the Opera, a string of hunters at Melton. Would you like to be the glory of the coulisses, the admired of Fanny Petitpied, the friend of tenors, and the boon companion of tragedians ? Would you like to write for high-class periodicals, and be quoted in smoking-rooms ? Would you like to break the tables at Ems, and to flirt with Russian princesses at Wiesbaden ? Would you like to know all Turf secrets, and to be one of each stable Vehmgericht in England ? Of course you would. But to be all this you must get into debt about twenty thousand pounds to start with, and see a little more life than you have done yet. I think, after all, that the country gentleman is the career. You can see a little of London society first if you like, and then come back and marry your cousin, after the fashion of three-volume novels." "Marry your cousin." The thrust was made at last, and Cyril being off his guard, the delicate rapier of Rupert Dacre came home to the hilt. He turned crimson. "You talk nonsense, Dacre," said he, half angrily. "Well," says that gentleman, with a light laugh," perhaps I do. Let us go in." And as they went in, arm in arm, the big house was no longer brilliant with sunshine, but black and gloomy like the tomb that Cyril had spoken of, while the landscape looked chill and dreary, and the rising night wind sobbed and coughed with melancholy cadance among the creaking branches of the beech trees. CHAPTER VII. KATE. IT could not be expected that the dinner table at Matcham would be very brilliant. Mr Chatteris sat at one end of it in silence. Even the ceremony of "dressing" had been dispensed with. Miss Kate Ffrench, in her deep mourning-dress, looked like Dante's " Beatrice," while the two young men scarcely spoke, save in whispers. There was therefore ample time for Mr Cyril to think over his friend's advice. What course should he pursue ? He thought confusedly during the subdued clinking of glass and topping of china, upon all the courses that Dacre had suggested, yet found himself constantly recurring to one sentence— " Come back and marry your cousin, after the fashion of three-volume novels." He stole a glance at Kate. She never looked more lovely. Her grief had taken some of the color from her cheek, but it had given to her face a delicate purity of outline that was wanting to it before ; and her gray eyes had grown darker and deeper, and shone with limpid light. Compared to that other picture in Cyril's heart, she was as a queen to a peasant girl. Carry was pretty and coquettish, but Kate, with her superb figure, her delicate hands, her glorious eyes, and her sweet grace of intellect and breeding, was as much beyond her, as a pure, solitary, shining star it beyond a penny catherine-wheel, fizzing with pertinacious twirling upon a door- lintel. As Cyril rose to open the door for her, he met her gaze and turned away, while an involun- tary pang went through his heart, as he thought of the deed that had banished him from her presence for ever. The master of the house rose immediately after dinner, and Dacre followed him; while Cyril sat moodily drinking, and picturing all sorts of shapes and scenes in the glowing fire. "I will write to Carry," thought he, "and tell her not to expect me home for a day or two. Poor little thing, she must be anxious ;" and he rose to look for pens and paper. "My father's in the library, I cannot go there," thought he ; and then remembering that in a little den open- ing off the hall, and once dignified by the name of Mr Fred's study, but which was now a simple store- room for guns, dog-whips, fishing rods, and such like gear, he should find what he sought, he opened the door. As he lit and turned up the reading-lamp on the little table, he heard a sob, and, looking up, saw his cousin. She had flung herself into an arm-chair, and was weeping bitterly. "Kate!" She rose as if to leave the room, but he put his arms round her and led her back. "What is it, Kate ?" said he. After a moment the sobs ceased, and Kate, putting his arms away, stood before him, with one hand resting on the edge of the writing table, and said, simply,— "Cyril, I am very unhappy." "Unhappy! Why, dearest?" "I don't mean about poor Fred, though I" (she nearly broke down here) " I loved him very dearly ; but about you. You are very much changed, Cyril." "I !" "Yes. What have you been doing ? Why did you quarrel with uncle ? and what has kept you so long in London ?" "Three questions at once,Katy!" returned he, with an attempt at a laugh, that was belied by his hangdog face. "I have had no quarrel." "You have quarrelled, because aunt told me so. What was it about ?" " About a foolish thing I did at college, Kate, dear." "Oh! I thought it was about your writing for the papers." Cyril's face was out of the lamplight, but he turned crimson. " Katy, you are a little fool to make so much of nothing. What are my misdeeds to you ?" "Oh ! Cyril, you know that—that" (she grew confused), "that we have been friends since we were children.* "More than friends, darling," said Cyril, overcome by the love in her dear eyes." And he kissed her on the forehead. She drew closer to him ; and out of the depth of her innocent and but half-comprehended love, laid her head on his shoulder. "My darling!" she murmured, " you have some trouble; I know you have. Will you not tell it to me? We are as brother and sister now." The pressure of her arms ; her sweet breath stirring his hair ; her loving voice, full of com- fort ; her delicate intonation, and that exquisite halo of modesty which, even though she was lying on his heart, fenced her round, and put her leagues from him, thrilled the unhappy boy through, as, with sadden knowledge, his heart called out to him, "Here is a woman—beautiful, true, and pure—who loves you, and you have lost her." For an instant he stood overpowered. He seemed to see his own soul, and to know how he had deceived himself. The knowledge of his own folly struck him like a gigantic wave, and left him speechless. Then he snatched the woman he had lost closer to him, and covered her eyes and lips with passionate, burning kisses ; then thrusting her from him with a bitter cry, he fell into a chair, and clutched at his hair with des- pairing hands. "Cyril, my boy, are you here ? Oh! a thousand pardons!" It was Rupert Dacre ; and, as he stood in the lighted doorway, looking in upon the pair, a sneer came into his face. "She has refused him," thought he. Cyril sprang up angrily, and, without a word or a look at his cousin, followed Dacre out. "What is it ?" " Your father wants to see you in the library, my dear boy." The silky accent jarred upon the young man's ears. How came this stranger to be a messen- ger between father and son ? He turned round as if to ask the question ; but Rupert's hand was upon the lock, and Rupert's smiling eyes upon his face. His heart failed him, the door swung noiselessly on its hinges, and the two entered the library together. Mr Saville Chatteris was seated in state at his writing table ; and, with a lofty motion of his white, though wrinkled hand, seemed to suggest an audience. His son, however, full of resent- ful feelings, which had arisen, he scarcely knew how, walked slowly to the table, and waited for his sentence. It was the same table whereon he had read the letter which had made and marred him ; and looking up he saw Dacre, who was leaning negligently against the fireplace, looking down with an amused air, as though he was a spectator at an agreeable comedy, and was waiting for the curtain to draw up. " I wish to say a few words to you, sir," began the old man. Rupert sat down. The comedy had begun. " You are now my—my heir," said Mr Saville Chatteris. " I never expected, when you left me, to see your face again ; but — but matters have turned out differently." ("Very pretty euphuism," thought the spec- tator, mentally applauding). "You are now in a different position in life to that which you occupied a few days ago. I need not recapitulate the cause of your tempo- rary absence from home." (" Quite like a despatch! Bravo!" said the spectator's eyes). "I trust that you have learnt some useful lessons while you have been living on your own resources ; and, for my part, I am willing to forget the disgraceful action of which you hare been guilty. Cyril winced and colored, but did not move. The spectator rubbed his leg gently, and seemed to murmur, "Capitally put, but severe, very severe!" " I am willing to make you a suitable allow- ance, until—my—until I—until you succeed to this property—" (Applause from the spectator) —"and shall put no restrictions upon your liberty, that is to say, if you consent to my re- quirements, in other matters." Cyril bowed. This was better than he expected. "I have been consulting your friend, Mr Dacre, who sees more of the young men of the day than I do," continued Mr Seville Chatteris, with a graceful wave towards the deprecating Rupert, " concerning your wishes, and he is of opinion that you would prefer a London life." Cyril made a motion of assent. " I confess that I should prefer that you lived here, but as I have before explained to you, my only wish is to put you in a proper position with the world, as Mr Chatteris of Matcham, regardless of any feelings I may have towards you as my son." ("A very delicate distinction!" was the mental interjection of the spectator.) "You will therefore go up to London with your friend Dacre, who has promised me to look after you, and in whose discretion and friend- ship I place implicit trust." " You do me great honor, sir," says the spec- tator—aloud this time. "I shall allow you £800 a year"—(Cyril brightened up) — " which, with your own property, will be enough for you to live upon. But if I do this, you must oblige me by giving up your Radical newspapers, and mixing only in the society of gentlemen. Will you promise this?" (Telemachus glanced at Mentor, and Mentor's eyes said "Yes !" as plainly as eyes could speak.) " Yes, I promise that, sir." " Well, I will rely upon your word ; but mind this, if you break it, you shall never come here again, until you come as owner." (The old man's brow flashed as be spoke, but he grew calmer when he saw his son's composed face.) " And now, Cyril, before you go, I wish to speak to you on a private matter." The spectator, as if the play were over, rose, and bowing with easy grace, left the room. "I had hoped that your cousin Kate " (Cyril started) " would have been the wife of my—of your poor brother" (and the father uttered the words slowly, as though they were bonds to bind him closer to his surviving son) ; " but that is all over now. Indeed, perhaps I was wrong, and she did not love him as I thought she did. I am not rich, Cyril, but the dearest wish of my heart is to provide for my niece's child. I have settled some money of my own upon her, and I believe that I have induced my sister to do the same, but I should not like to see her lose her home. She may marry " (here he glanced at Cyril) ; " but should she not, I would wish you to promise me that she will always find a home here." " I promise, sir," and Cyril's hand grasped his father's for the first time since the quarrel. Seville Chatteris gazed into his son's face, as though he sought for something there. "You will be marrying one of these days yourself, Cyril," said he, half timidly. Cyril bit his lips. He thought of the Man- tonian domestic circle, and then of Kate. The prize was offered to him, and yet he could not grasp it. He turned dizzy for an instant, and could not speak. " Ah, well, time enough to think of that," said Saville Chatteris, dropping his son's hand with a sigh. Cyril set his teeth and tried to smile, but the utter hopelessness of his misery came upon him, and he could not. " Good night, sir. I will attend to your instructions, and start for London to-morrow," and he went out from his father's presence as miserable a wretch as could be found in the three kingdoms. Mr Rupert Dacre was in the smoking-room, solacing himself with brandy and soda water, and as he lounged with elevated feet, he seemed to be contemplating the past comedy through the smoke ; —indeed there was an expression of discontent on his face, as though he wished he had waited for the afterpiece. Kate was in her room, wondering, hoping, doubting, and fearing. Did he love her ? He did. Yet no! he left her without a word ; but then, of course, Mr Dacre came. But those kisses ! and she blushed in the darkness as she remembered them. Those were not the kisses of a brother. " Oh, Cyril, my darling, my darling, I love you!" How sweet it sounded ! —And Cyril's wife was on her knees in the house in Dym-street, praying for her absent husband. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 