A MOUNTAIN IN LABOUR. Gi eat excitement anti consternation have been croated ? in America by the most extraordinary noises, heaving^, tremblings, anti eruptions of a mountain knoivn as the . Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, i'which is said to be "doing missionary ivork in its ^'neighbourhood." The American rival of Vesuvius,'as '? îit'ia already named, has been "intervieived," and the ' rosult communicated to the Avorld. Tho shocks, elcs .''oribedby the corresponelent of the New York Heraldos .' " commencing Avith a noiso like that of a smothered ' ' blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound," aro pro- ducing a most profound effect upon the inhabitants of the district. At a farm- house ivhore tho Avriter halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of \- torror-strioken people. Ono of these, AVIIO oAvoel fifty ?'dollars, offered to sell his tAvo cows and a horso foi'that amount, " because he did not Avant to go out of the Avorld owing a cent to'any man." And his feelings aro ? Bhareel by the ivhole population. Prayer-meetings aro held, at which the most extraordinary conversions are 'made. Those at "Elliott's house, at the base of Stone ' Mountain," are described as of a most enthusiastic na- ture. During their continuance, on the fifth clay, a ' singular tcene occurred. " A perfect Rip van Winkle I appeared in tho person of Major Bende, an illicit dis i'tiller." The major, "ivho carried on his sinful traffic in the very bowels of the mountain, and AVDS soldom seen by humans," appeared as pale as a ghost, and ex- claimed, ' ' It's coining and thai1 ain't no use a talkiii'. Ef you had b'en sliuk as bael as I you ivouleln't be a I ' Avantin' nothin' but religion." The old man then told j how the rumbling noiseH determined him to come doAvn tho mountain, mend his Avays, and quit distilling. Thinking the world Avas coming to an end, all ho Avantcd "'ivas "a revenue officer to Avhom ho could confess his transgressions against the Government." But tho revenue officers had fleel the night before from the samo cause. They had attended tho meeting, during Avkich " tho severe shocks so frightened thom " that thoy ordered their horses and " put olf in a hurry." A negro preacher lus improved the occasion and mi do numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappear.* tho converts ivill lcturn to tl.o.r old w.iys. AVith respect to this "NOAV Arosuvius," tho Rnlc-i_,h (North On'-'olu..^ coriespondcnt of the New York Tri fa'nc, writes to that journal, on March 17, as follow. : -" Passengers flinn the A\rt*-st, on this morning's train, confirmed tho reports of the rumbling noises, and the gcnoral up-heaving of Bald Mountain, in Weste a North Carolina. Pooplo living on and né.ir tho moun- tain aro moving, anil a l'olcanic eruption is expoctcd." 