A COLONIAL JACK SHEPPARD. Lntit Friday 0110 of, tho moat nortorious rascals ? in, Now Zealand was arrnated (for' about the 0110 '.' thousand aiid first time) for robbury at Groy town. Tlio liamo of this worthy ia John Kiley, and ' tho ^following isa hriof sketch of his history' during ' tho paBt few years :— About tlib middle of 1805 !'hu wns'in Picton Gnol waiting to' bo forwardud ' ' U- Dtinedin, whbrb ho had one arm in a ; sling, protending it was broken. Ho was thoroforo loss carqfuUy watched, and an opportunity occurring lie.oseapod by climbing the palisading round tho ',' 'gaoll'.l'Ho next was heard of at TaranakiJ were (''.' lie ; s'tartejl biisiupas us a .painter, and appeared to ' get'on'yory well with the aottlors.' Ho oven was miule secretary of oiiq of the friendly ' societies, / ; anil ^generally rosppctod. Robliorioa, howbvor, ? , , bbcaine'freqviont occurrences iri Taraiiaki at that ' timn.' : At last suspicion '.foil 'on Rilcy, arid a \ ';'.wa'rrant was issued' for his' apprehension'; ho,' 'r';rinove'f'tli6lea8,1 pluiipil capturo| 'and wont into tho '' .' ,'iivtoi'iqr; whprolio '.was talton by, Homo of Captain ''..ta^ei's company ', ho, iiowoyorj did not choose to ' ' ?'? ,'romalnla prisoner,' and again iiiado his dscapo, talcing 'witti' him a valuable watch and'othorpro porty; ' b'elongihg to Captain PagbV' Ho was V.Cftn^lit a 'second tiino,. either by tlip Imporial ... troops .'or. tho Colonial forces, .and again bscapod. ''' This was during tho poriod that.tho country be twoon Wangarim and Taranaki was in a utato of ?: disturbance. Ho next turned up in Wanganni, , '.'?nnd'.whilu attending a circus performance was ? ftrrestedon suspicion of boini? concprnod in a '.. towrglary recently coimniUod there.' On his por _' i . bow was found Captain Pago's watch, and sundry . ! other ivr'ticlos,1 the proceeds of various other rob ' 'bories'. ! At Wnngan'ui, ho waa committed to take liis ?trial at Wollinulon. . Whilo waiting thcro to ? 'lie forwarded to Wellington, and on tho night ' previous to tho day appointed for his going on . Aboard the stcamor, 'ho again managed to break ',. OHt.of gaol by picking or loosening .tho bars of tho icbll '.window; 'Soon afterwards ho turnod up \- ' nt the 'Hutt, and.'at once stole a cash box from ? \ Mr.'.'plbiand s shop ; the box contained a sum of ' ' lnon'ey.-and soveral c'hpqubs. At last,' howover, libwivs successfully captured arid kopt. In the beginning. of 18CC, 'the constablo on duty on tho' , t-ei\di dbserved a man trying the lock 'of Mr. . Burn's door at lo'clock in thd morning, and on . , ..going towards him ho'.dropped on the ground, ', and -pretended to'bo drunk. ? Oh tho constable lifting 'liiin u'pi 'he was noticed, to make a grasp at somothing at his. aide, which turned out to bo a ilinrp dagger, and then made a violent attempt to stab tho constable :' ho was overpowered, and lodgod'in tho gaol, where, whilo watting trial, ho '?' . attempted to escape by concoaling himself in a large copper. This onrnod for him tho privel cgo ot wearing leg-irons. 'On tho 1st March, 18CG, 'ho -was tried at tho Supremo Court, and received 40 years penal servitude While nndor goiug sentence, ho with others conspired to cscapo, for which offence ho was ordorod to bo flogged, 'forty lashes being' administered ' and vroll'lriid ?on.' He was discharged from gaol at the 'latter end of last year. After a temporary retirement from active life, lie was arrested on ?warrant by Constables Byrne and Hargood, on Frlflaylast, at Long Bush, 30 miles from Grey town, -Charged with stoaling £35 from a man named 'King, a podler, ?while tho latter was Asleep 'in a Maori hut Pkovkssou RosENTHMi.— This impostor whom tho Mercury introduced amom» us with such a flourish of its brazen trumpet, is thus referred to in'Tuosflay's 'Examiner' : — ' It. will bo remem bered that Dr. Rosenthal loft Launceston for Melbourne in a very great hurry to visit a sick brother, 'leaving tho mantle of his magical power on anothcr'brothor in Lnunccston. This gontlo man 'pliofl his vocation as ' deftly' as tho 'Simon Pure1' till tho departure of tho last atoamor, whoa 'he, too, was called to council in Melbourne. On the morning of his departure lio entered into u nnnKriint. to mint a roRiilont. nf deafness or blindness for tho sum of £5. £2 10s. was paid as a guarantee of good faith, but when 'the lioiir for tho first consultation camo round, T)r. Tlosonthal No. 2 was beginning to ' sniff flio briny.' Just as wo expected. It is strange 'how acutely such scoundrels aro gifted with die -power of selecting kindred spirits for their associates. Tho vagrant and ' polished scoundrel,'' 'to borrow a very apt phraso used by . tho Launceston Correspondent of. tho Mercury, .. ' when alluding to tho most recont importation of continental vagabonds in the person of Mr. ; Alfred Thompson, no sooner arrived in Hobart Town than lio 'located himself under the roof of the '.guide, . philosopher, and friend' of the Miiilsterial 'Organ. 'Once, thore tho way was 'Boon clearod o'f i all obsticles to tho .profitable ; .tMivailtiuC. .Tlis.pumui; bellows waa plied with ? ' ? ? . wnceasing'energiOB,and:lista of the blind reatored ' to sight, and of the doaf to hearing wore published .? ?-, .lika'diiilyTinlletinsin tho Mercury, and their . .? truth 'vcmchod 'for 'with as much apparent siii ' ? cerity as'iriight 'have 'justified [a suspicion that. *'* the witness to all tho astonishing iniracles,' Iiad some share rin'the profits of the Thaunia turgns. By such 'valuable aid tho ' Professor' 1 swindled tho afllicteU 'people of this city out of too fewer than one thousand pounds, and tho ?worattoatnreof this sconnclrcl'sheartlcBS conduct Is, that a very large 'proportion of this sum has , lioem takon'tindor singularly: cruel circumstance* ?roin families who actually distroascd thomsolves . ? Intiio'ltopo of benefitting soinoof thoirsnfluring members. ' ' A'lfro'd Thonipaon,' tho ' gontloinan ?swindler' aa deanribed by tho corrospondent of : the Mercury is nmcro novico, a petty, larconist, ti picker of pockets, apufloinorof ' wipos' when ?cotnpaTetl to flio wholesale plunderer as ropro ?Bentcd 'by Rosonthal, who owea much of his uuccossTiore to tl-o piltronago of tho Mercury, ?. ?which reaisto'd every oftbrt mado by tho victims to oxposo'liiin 'through tho samo medium which assisted Tiim to proy upon tho public. If ovor Lynch-law couldbo'justifiod, it would bo by tho conduct of sueh.'hoartlcss scoundrola as Roson ' thai and his accomplices.— 'TiiamanianTribuno', Juno 24th. Houra' ?RtrcK.— London, July 2.— Tho Right Hon. B. Diaradli lias adilreBsod tho Houso of Commons on the subject of tho resolutions lnirouucou ny jjj r. isaao mitt m iavour ot tlio restoration o'f the Irish Parliament, lio has demonstrated tho imposHibility of carrying out tho systoin of '' Homo Tlulo' in Iroland. Tho CDonoclmo and Mr. llobort Lowe have also oppoaod Mr. Butt's motion. Wouse tjian GiLUKiiTow.— :Cosmo, situatod in tho Palmyra Mountains, about ton miles south : cast of Daytown, is according to tho ' Territorial Enterprise probably £ho most uttorly deserted ? ; ?? ' town on the Pacific coast; Far np in ft. cold, snowy valley on tho eastern (flopo of tho moun tains stands tho town, all of its stroots desortod, and not a human boing to bo noon ,'or a human voico to bo hoard.. Thoro stands tho browerios, stores, hotols, lodging houses, tho school house, ?: ? . tho old Coamo ' Sontinol' printing ofilco an:l all tho buildings, public and prirato, but a fow yoars i , since thronged with. a busy and hopoful poople. A few bnriod friends in tho little graveyard, but in the shafts soon ovorywhoro on tho slopes of ?tho hills, all buried hopes tho obituaries of which the '.Sentinel'1 did not livo to publish. Tho ghosts have i the whole town to themselves, aa even tho Piutos will not remain thoro, Waoks Men and TiiniuTons.— Tito ' Pleasant Crook News' romarks, tho difforenco between wages-mon and tributors, is tho diileronco bo twoon a horao going froni homo on yonraccount, nnd tho same liorso going homo on his own ao count. ? A notablo oxam])lo ia now afl'ordod by No. 14, 15, and l(i, which under tho tributo sys tem is likely to pay dividends to shareholders. It might bo worth considering whether it would not bo better to work all minus on tribulo ; but tho (inly trlbutdrs that can lm got to go into pro groasivo minuH aio tho con- tributoiH of oalla. 