THE SOUTH-EAST DISTRICT. I From -mr own Alount Gambier Correspondent | The season ia now sufficiently advanced ior an authoritatiTe opinion to be expressed as to the probabilities of tie South - Eastern ba'T*»*j witn vigoro-asly, aaa :ne operauu^ aniouuuj; fa?o«r»bly in both cases. The clip of wool u described as very good, being in many instances considerably abo^e the average. There is a very Email portion of land near Mount Gambier wheat ?own compared with that of f onntr yean; but ihe average yie'.d- will be cigb, tor scarcely any inferior ground has been cultivated, and the reason cculd scarcely have been better for cereals. We have had & splendid succession of alternate rains and Sns weather, which has told not cnly in favour of the grain crops, but also been advantageous to the early potatoes planted in the higher grounds. There is a fair proportion for the early crop, and they are in excellent conoition. But the b-olk of the potatoes, estimated by some residents at 3,000 acres, will coma in fcr the late erop. They are just tteing put in, and the soil is found to be in good trim for their reception. If we get the usual summer rains, and there ia no reason to apprehend that we shall not, the yield will be heavy. Potatoes are 5rs favourites put now, and everybody with an acre of ground at his disposal has not only been carefd to plant potatoes, but is paying them all that attention which ia usually bestowed upon a new discovery. The drained lands are in many instances sur passing the most fervid expectations of tha fanners. There can now be no doubt that these reclaimed areas will prove the great scheme which led to their redemption and cultivation to be among the wisest of the t':blic act9 of South Australia. Patches here and there, however, still cause disappointment; but aa a rule throughout the areas thosa whick did badly laet year pronaiee fairly this, those that did mode rately promise well, and those that yielded well then will probably give a better average thia year than any others in the colony. The neit step in connection *ith this prosper* ing district must be & railway. Bince I last wrote steady progress has been made towards the accomplishment of this object. You have not yet had a fair opportunity of forming an opinion aa to what u proposed, but I can now state exactly what is suggested, and readers will be able to judge how far it comes within the scope «f the great rail scheme that will poaaibly soon be submitted to the public. A great move ment is going on in the remote South-East quietly; but a blast of the trumpet is expected to be sounded shortly, when it is believed that the opportune moment has arrived. A League comprising all or nearly all the influential men in the Victorian district has been formed, and a Committee appointed, which is now assiduously gathering data of a reliable character to go upon. £ven the MacDonneil Bay folk refrain from uttering a dissentient note, aud they are the cnly section of the settlers from whom such might be expected. But the leading men there are public-spirited and shrewd, so they probably foresee that the prosperity of their port must increase in proportion to the success achieved by the district in its immediate vicinity. No active measures beyond making safe preparations are bein? taken, as the moot important point at praent id considered to be the decision who are to represent the two electoral districts in this region in the next Parliament, for the project will .depend largely upon able representation. I should like to give both sides of the argument; but it seems to have only one aide, of which these are some of the more important points. It is urged, lirst, that Adelaide #ould be directly benefited by the Kivoli Bay Railway, as a great part of the business now bei% transacted with Melbourne would be transferred to the place with which it could be done more expeditiously. If the line were formed, not only would there be a safe harbour where consignees might rely upon being able to tranship, but a person setting out from the South-Eastern metropolis at 4 or 5 o'clock one afternoon could be in Adelaide the next. Then the country through which the line would run is represented as good lani the whole way, and some of the promoters are so certain that a profitable traffic would be gained that they talk of forming a private Company to construct the railway and carry oa tha business if the Govern ment will deal liberally towards them. Of the 48 miles, or thereabouts, all but 12 would run through land still in the hands of the Govern ment or only recently selected. I cannot give all the arguments urged, but one other ia that the population of this end of the province would shortly double itself. Commercially, everything is looking exceed ingly well. Every branch of industry feels the elasticity of the times, and over-the-border liquidation seems to have died cut. Old resi dents eay that affairs never looked healthier. The farming system— in contradistinction to mere wheat-cropping— is amply repaying those who have taken good advice, and land near the town which was bought a year or two ago at £15 will now fetch £22 per acre in consequence. Every bit of spare ground is heavily stocked, and it is computed that in the South.Eaitern District there are 140,000 sheep in the hands of small holders, that is owners of lead than 4,000. One great reason of this is the luxuriance of English grasses, which thrive well in this climate. There is little to complain of regarding health, except several cases of diphtheria, which disease has appeared lately among children, and has in sundry instances ended fatally. The neaslee raged furiously for a short time, but if there were any fatal reenlts they were few indeed, and it has now subsided. The unexpected demise of Mrs. Long, who was found dead ia her bed, with no one else in tiie house, on the 26' th ul*-., caused a sensation in Mount Gambier, and the inquest has not satisfied enquiry. There ia something wrong in the Iaw relating to Coroners' inquests, if it is impossible to have the contents of a stomach analyzed when five out of twelve Jurors request it to enable them to give a conscientious verdiot. That was the case in this instance, aud the public mind is perhaps a little less easy than if there had been no inquest held. A unique innovation in business has been in operation for about a month, and affords satis faction to a large number of hard-working employes, without, so far as has been ascer tained, occasioning any inconvenience to the rest of the public. Every Wednesday, at noon, the places of business are closed, and any stranger coming into Mount Gambier would think it was Sunday. The budding township of Millicent promises to follow rait. An important popular question is 'Have you teen the ghost -' and remarkable stories are m circulation concerning the escape of one from the shades from Hades, who is seen perambulat ing in deep black costume on the margin of the Blue Lake. For several nights valiant men, armed with sticks, have sought to make its ac quaintance, but they have always searched in the wrong direction. It is believed to be a poor old woman living np there in a cottage, who is dressed in black for the death of her husband, and has lately taken to harmless solitary ram bles ; but being considerably above the avenge height, even when viewed with unclouded vision ia broad daylight, she one night assumed gigan tic proportions in the sight of some individual who happened to meet her after the time for ?losing the public- houses. One thing crying out for prompt attention on the part of the Public Works Commissioner ia the addition to the Hospital, for which the money was voted last year. There ia not a room in the district where a lunatic may be placed, tut I believe it was arranged when tha Commit dover waa here that a temporary asylum should be formed in connection with the Hospital, where unfortunate individuals might be placed under medical superintendence, and perhaps recover without the necessity of sending them to Adelaide. Much popular dissatisfaction exists at the necessity of putting poor demented creatures into a felon's cell. 