Remarkable Midnight Doings in a Mobile Residence. We have had the notes of a singular occur- 11 rence took place some time since in this city |1 in our possession for several months, but have |j refrained from giving it publicity for fear of m too plainly indicating the parties connected li with it. Upon perusing the facts as here |1 stated, n number of our readers will, doubtless, fa recal the mysterious affair, us well as tho com- §1 in en t and excitement which it then created, si Without naming the date of the occurrence, §1 suflbe it to say that a highly respectable lady, m her married' son and two single young men, !9 were living in the city, and occupying the 19 house into which thu mysterious and tlnrim; jl entries were made almost nightly. 9 The newly-married lady was one of the ? most excitable and nervous individuals that ? ever lived, nnd to makemattcrs worse, her ? husband was equally as much of a coward, m and, if possible, a greater one than she was. m The house was entered night after night, silver, 9 clothes, &c;, stolen, chloroform administered 9 to the in mutes, and u copious supply of light §1 wood and kerosene found in some portion of II the house nearly every morning. Private |1 watchmen were employed to watch the premi- |9 scs, and the two young men relcrrcd to spent |9 almost every night in walking around tli« £? house, or secreted in it, resembling two move, ill able armories, but all to no purpose. Fire |J9 or six times during the night, the young mar- em ried man would suddenly rise up in bed and I fire his pistols in rapid succession towards a E window and break the glass into atoms, while I his wife would scream at the top of her voice E and arouse the neighbours. This state of | afluirs continued for two or three weeks, at | the end of which several mysterious entries | had been made — no one could tell how tin | burglar got into the house — and all the glass f was shot out of the window and the Minus 1 riddled with pistol balls. Determined to put I an end to such unpleasant business, the younj ? mail's wife, assisted by two friends, persuaded I her husband to remain quiet one nightl no I mutter what he saw, and let the young rota 1 witch alone. The first night after tlm at- I rangeir.ent, the young men were almost noise- g lessly creeping behind a flower-stand on the 1 front gallery, when four shots were fired B through the window, and a woman streamed I terribly. Of course it was the young married I man shooting and his wife screaming, and, ot ? coime, the escape of the young men was very | narrow. They determined to watch no longer, 1 unless the pistols of their friend were taken I from' him ; and this being done, they com- I menced their watch for the second night, and I lud been on duty but a short time when they I saw a man come out of a closet in their own I room. They pursued him to the room of tlie I married folks, but never saw him after, not- I withstanding the thorough search which was I instantaneously, made, and the fact of every I door and window in the house, except tlie I door between . their rooms, being securely I closed. In the morning, over five pounds of I ?gunpowder was found under the steps in tlis I young'men's room,' besides a large. quantity of I matches nnd kerosene. The young men kept ? up a thorough, wntch nightly for three weeks, ? at the end of. which time the house was set on ? fire and totally destroyed by fire and gun- ? powder. No one has ever been abletosolve the ? mystery, although we have heard conjecture ? after conjecture concerning it. 01 coiirsu »e ? do not pretend to set it up as a ghost story, ? but, with many others, that the robber and in- ? cendiary was1 the young; married man himself, ? and that he was a somnambulist. He »nU ?»» ? wife are still' living : in this State, and one ot ? the young men stands in thft first rank ot ? Mobile's energetic sons.— Mobile Jtegider. ? Tho NorrMnivn Herald W*:-A ' TS I in Bridgeport wants, a divorce. s™. 'M} 1 found pieces of.ostrich plume in her husbft«a« ? beard' of an entirely different shade from ttat on m herownhat: Ho explained that .its of ot^ ? :ieathor sprinkled on the beard is tho very W« ? stylo in &e;«v York, and it is not his fault tW ? tbi .hade is different from that on her oirn W| 1 Fifty thousand jokes l.avo been ™»n«farE I on cremation, and several towns y«t to lwartrom. « 