OUR WASTE LANDS ADMINISTRATION. TO THE EDITOR. car— remit me to call attention through your columns to a subject of great interest to mining men generally, and which will perhaps save them at some future time both trouble and expense. In the Government Gazette of October SO a mineral section, ^. 46S2, held under right of search, was gazetted as liable to forfeiture within the ensuing fortnight, thus giving th» holders of same ample time to applyfor a renewal or lease. Neither being applied for, the Gazette of November 13 contained notice of forfeiture, dated from Surveyor-General's Office, and signed 'G. W. Goyder, Surveyor-GeneraL' On the following Monday I made enquiries at the Land Office, and was informed that the section would be open to the public seven clear days from date of Gazette in which such notice of forfeiture appeared. At the time ap pointed four or five others besides myself were applicants, the clerk remarking that he should consider the whole of the applications simul taneously, and telling us to call again at half past 11, when it was understood that, as usual in the event of applicants not amalgamating, drawing lots for the seven would take place. At half-past 11, after waiting some time, we were told to come up again at 10 the next morning. I attendod, and to my astonishment without any explanation whatever had my application and cheque quietly returned. On making enquiries outside, I found a depu tation had waited upon the Commissioner tha day previous, consisting of two of the applicants (residents of Kadina, and interested in the sec tion previous to forfeiture); Mr. H. K. Hughes, M.P., who was no doubt only too pleased to air his influence at head-quarters before two of ths 'free and enlightened of his district; Mr. Lake, M.P., a relative of one of the afore said applicants; Mr. R. Rees, who in the first flush of M.P.ism doubtless considers himself entitled to meddle in other people's business; and one or two others. The consequence was none of the other applications were entertained, and the section granted to the applicants repre sented by the deputation. Who after this would go to any expense or trouble on the strength of offioial notices in the Gazette if such notices are liable to be set aside in this manner? In this instance any number of people might have travelled hundreds of miles and been kept hanging about town for two days without standing the ghost of a chance to get what they came for. For my part I consideied it a matter of business between the Crown Lands Office and myself, and was quite satisfied to be guided by the regulations of the office, and I think it monstrous that pressure should be brought to bear, either direct or indirect, in a simple matter of this kind. If it is in the pro vince of M.P.S to influence and interfere in pri vate business like this, by all means let the public know it before the next election, as a seat in the House would be worth trying for. I am, Sir, &c;, J. RICHARDS. Green's Exchange, December 2, 1873. [Some remarks on this letter will be found in our leading columns.— Ed.] 