THE ACCIDENT TO MR FCSSELL. TO THE EBITOB OP THE VorstER. 1 Sib. — Yon have.been sadly misinformed by your correspondent as to tbe nature rf the injariea re- 1 ceived by MrFussdl.of Napoleons. Your report in Tuesday's Issue says that he met with senac" Hiterazl inmnes. and had several ribs broken. The we I was sent for when Mr Fussell met 5 S? accident, but bring at tbe time beyond Baflarat medical gentleman was sent far. Dr Kaddiffefiist jandfaheingfrom home toe.- (fa messenger sent tfa first Ne cofiia find, and whom I briiere to be Dr Kerr. I was again sent -n. tny return "home, and found Mr Fussell suffenng from contusions about the shoulders and oiest, but certainly (and I am happy to be able to nay) no internal injuring, neither were any ribs broken, but bis left collar bone was fractured.— tour oDBfiest servant, "W. A. Sl'ABI.IXt. nunrRyong. 29th April. .1874. rFK OP -A SsAI t-r,"'s Pawest.— Eariy on Monnur tnommp a poor man. an inmate of the Hospital. GIabow. irhile Iftborinft under -- temporaiy derangement, succeeded fri malting h?« , way out of the ward vberc he vss confined. His only attire yas a nisht-sbirt. and. determined to he free Tioiw ithetandiug the wmtinees of his apparel, ha mounted the wall hH surrounds the litppitnl the pnWie snet — Parlsamsatanr road. Xomeroue workpeople srerft on their way tn work, but observing a man careering about in a nnde Ft&te.; he was eel down as an escaped lunatic, and all speedily cleared out of his way. He reached a house at Albert street, and. knocking for admit;; akm, tbe door was opened, but only to be instantly " closed, the Inmate declaring it was either a ghost or a madman. Finding his way to the street he bsn to run about in an - infuriated state, but hie career was cut ehort by hit running up against a lamp-post, the sensation of which caused him to look about in astonishment. He was afterwards secured and taken back to his quarters. — Gfnsnotr Herald. Tris is an iastance of what juries wjll occa sionally do At the Derbyshire Sessions on "Wed- nesday. a Jary found a man guilty of theft, and he was sent<aicea to tiro months' imprisonment. Alter being discharged the foreman intimated that they did not mean it ; and on Thursday, at the Gtossop Petty Sessions, permission was given tn demoralise the Home Secretary to undo the twult of the unmeaning laying of those sapient jurvmen. Kabpjaces at Sea. — It is well to let our Tenders know that mamnges at sea are illegal un less solemnised before, clorcyroeii. The master of a British ship has no legal power whatever to solemnise marriages. Some masters of ships have imagined that hecaure they are required by law to ocord marriages that are solemnised on board fefrg ships, they are thereby empowered also to perform the interesting service. As regards mar riages at sea, the '.aptam is merely a registrar, and not a parson. Besides tlie fact that marriages solemnised by masters of ships are not binding between the man and woman chiefly interested, there is another fact. viz.. that the master subjects himself to grave legal responsibilities. — Navtjcal Atagcirine The Bishop op Lojtdok or Sestoiestal Reuciox. — Hie Bishop of London, fn the course of his sermon at St. Panl's Cathedral, on Snnday night, made a protest against a form of religion much in vogue among the educated classes at the present day. It is. said his lordship, a kind of sentimental religion 'which lores to dream over devotional hooks, over what may be termed the poetrv of Christianity, which makes much of the beauties of architecture and music, and longs for-a gorgeous ritual such aa primitare Christianity never wanted, and such as is not required now. This religion, said tho bishop, knows norbmgof the stern realities of life, for mere religions senti ment hy no means necewarilv involve® pelf-denial. It la not even connected with the doing of GodV wifl. while it may exist with grosser sin. It often leads to imfigion and vanity ; it seldom leads to Christ. There was a laige congregation, filling the space under the dome, and the bishop's sermon was listened to with great attention. 