THE MERCURY. I Í TIIURSDA Y MOItmXQ, A LÍO. 30, 1874 TUE MINISTER OP LANDS last night ro-introduced to the Assembly the proposal for purchasing and completing for traffic the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, for which purpose tho Assembly last year voted the necessary sums, though its action was rondered nugatory by the Legisla- tive Council having subsequently interposed its veto. The speech of the Hon. MINISTER OP LANDS was in keoping with his character -straightforward, practical, and to the point. He referred to a statement laid before the House of tho moneys expended by the Company in con- structing the 17 miles completed, amounting to £53,000, and said that from personal in Bpcction of the works, he was satisfied that their present value ÍB not less than £40,000, while tho whole right of the Company to the railway and its stock, is offered to the Colony at £12,500. A further amount of £57,500 will be required for completing the line, which the MINISTER said could be done for a total sum of £70,000, or at a cost per mile of £2,500, the cheapest cost of construction that had yet been attained in the colonies. Mr. MOORE, in a brief marmor that we would recommend as an example to some loquacious gentlemen, told the House the advantages he expected the line would, afford, with the districts that would be embraced within its influence, as well aa thoso intersected by it, and concluded by urging tho Houae to assent to his proposal, as it would lead to a j line of railway going from one end of the Colony to another, on a uniform gauge. Mr. INNES objected to taking up the subject in the exceptional manner proposed, instead of, what Mr. INNES considered mora expedient, as a portion of the general policy of public works promised ; and he specially in- stanced the inconvenience of dealing with this railway while tho House knew nothing of the proposed objects of the intimated abolition of the Local Public Works Acts, and the-promised scliomo for the construction of bridges. The objection of Mr. INNES- was a plausible one, and well calculated to embarrass Government, with- out appearing to do it. The stand he took was calculated to engage the support of all who had special objections either to the vote under con- sideration or to the general policy of public works, while it kept in the background the claims the Government scheme might have on the support of hon. Members. The speech of Mr. INNES, condemning the proposed Public Works scheme of Ministers, was singularly inconsistent with tho amendment which he proposed on the TREASURER'S financial speech. lu that amendment, there was no condem- nation, as last evening, of tho tendency of the scheme to corrupt the House and pur- chase its support of Ministers ; no hint of the injustice that would bo done certain districts, or the wrong that would bo inflicted on tho Colony, by such an ill-digested scheme of public works. Mr. INNES then distinctly expressed his approval of the scheme of public works, and desired to remit tho budget of Ministers to thom for their re-consideration, not becauso of the uncalled-for expenditure that ho expressly endorsed-but because the budget of Ministers did not provide, as Mr. INNES desired, fora possible claim against the Colony at the instance of the Main Line Rail- way Company. Mr. INNES last night insisted on a comprehensive schomo being laid before tho House in contradistinction to dealing with a matter of detail, but ho conveniently ignored the fact that a general scheme proposed as a whole would have beon scouted as au attempt to take Members by surprise. Tho grandest and most comprehensive of schemes must he one of detail, and Government last ovoaiug took tho natural course of beginning at tho beginning, and did not allow Mr. INNES to forgot that the Mersoy and Deloraine Railway is not a portion of any new or general schomo of public works, but, as now proposed, the expression of a desire to give to the construction of that lino the same consideration that was last session bestowod on it by the Assembly. Mr. INNES has evidently very little confi- dence in the innate integrity of his party, and was scarcely at tho troublo to conceal how strong is his fear that for the Bake of some advantago to their districts they will sell thom solvos to Ministers. But as Mr. GIDUN told tho House, the proposal to voto tho sums required for the completion of the railway was not open to the objection that it sought tho support of lion. Members on corrupt motives. The very con- trary was tho case. Had the whole of the Government scheme boen thrown beforo tho House at once, it might havo been said by some that by baits thus held out Ministers were at- tempting to drat secure the passage of the rail- way vote, hy so acting on tho fears of lion. Members as to induce thom to support the tramway proposition lost they should otherwise ' lose the votes for their districts. But in- stead of this the Mersey and Deloraine Tram- way was submitted to the House on itB merits, the approval or disapproval of tho pro posed expenditure on the railway not boin« al- lowed to have any bearing on tho House in dealing with the public works policy of Govern- ment. Ministers sought to deal with the Mersey and Deloraine line in such a way that it might not be said they were thereby throwing out a bait to Members ; and yet Mr. INNES was un- generous enough to find in the isolated dealing with the question a cunningly devised schomo to demoralize " local patriots " and purchase their support. Tho fallacy of Mr. INNES' argumon t.and its intention, wero so palpable that we think tlio ATTOHNUV-GENEUAXI was at too much pains to illustrate the singleness of purpose of Ministers, and touched somewhat needlessly, and cer- tainly unWisoly, on the apparently never to be dono with improper resistance to law that so long unhappily distracted the Launceston and Western railway district. Any reference to such a subject has nu irritating effect on certain Members, and had Mr. GTHMX boon as disingenuous as Mr. INNES would havo had tho House believo, ho would have avoided all allusion to the passive resistance polioy. Tho cue Mr. INNES gave was followed hy his party. Speaker after speaker gushed with as- surances of support to each proposed item of oxponditui'o, and yet Bought to obstruct Govern- ment in carrying out an individual undertaking approved of by the House last session. Such inconsistency can hardly bo rogarded as other than factious. The charge that it was so, mado by Mr. DOUULAS, was blunderingly con- firmed by the Momber for South Launceston, who, whilo attempting to contradict Mr, DOUGLAS, admitted tho soft impeachment, and let out the secrets of an Opposition caucus in such an unfavourable light that Mr. JACKSON said ho would support the Ministerial pro- posal, and Mr. INNES withdrew hia amendment. After this, the deb.vto dragged its slow length along in a weak and feeble manner, notwith- standing a labonrod protest on tho part of the Mombors for East and West Devon against the pressure sought to bo brought to boar on thom oy their constituents, to induce thom to support Government. Once again tho responsibility is thrown on the Council, and this time tho Country may not bo so inclined to tolerate its freaks. ___«_«__^__ IN our shipping columns, wo havo given a full description of the latest addition to the shipping of our port-the fino ship Lufra, of 673 tons register. The Lufra is tho first of a new purely Colonial line, intended for tho London trade, tho purposes of which have hitherto been temporarily supplied by the Harriet McGregor, the Helen, aud the Victoria, and it is with pleasure wo learn that it is the intention of her owners to speedily purchase or build another fine clipper ship for the same trade, to be followed by others as the trade develops itself. It is now many years since tho firm of Messrs. Brown and Co. owned and Bailed a purely local line of ships in I the London trade. Upon the death of Mr. Brown those ships changed hands, and the trade has since been almost entirely in that of London houses, I until Mr. McGregor conceived the idea of again reviving so important and legitimate a brauch of Colonial industry. With his model little ship the Harriet McGregor (built as our readers are aware by his brother, Mr. John McGregor), and having secured the co-operation of some of the shippers, Mr. McGregor, under much dis- couragement, gained sufficient footing, to warrant the extension of the venture, and that substantial approval of traders, that is likely to lead some of the largest shippers of Tasmania to join him in the enterprise. In this way the Lufra will be entirely owned by local firms having a large interest in the trade of the city. Nor is this her solo claim to local support. She is to be commanded by our old friend Captain Copping (who formerly sailed the Cissy, one of Brown & Co.'s line), and all her officers and boya will bo taken from amongst our- selves ; and further, her owners express their deter- mination to, as far as practicable, repair, maintain, and provision their ships here. Wo may, therefore, fairly say that the enterprise has the strongest claims to the patriotic support of wool-growers and shippers generally. It may not prove inappro- priate if we refer to what has been done in the same direction in New Zealand. There, in Dunedin, tho " New Zealand Shipping Company " has been formed to establish a line of traders to London, and we cannot do better than quote the words of the Otago Guardian to commend our own local venture to our readers :-" We have too long been paying to foreign lands and foreign companies for our shipping, and thus sending the many thou- sands paid for the conveyance of our produce to a market, to persons from whom we can derive but little in return ; their head departments being in other lands, they naturally spend their money there. What this country wants is to keep ns much of its capital within its own borders as possible ; and by the willing and deserved support of local enterprise alone, will this be accomplished." These are some- thing like the grounds on which the owners of the Lufra claim the support of Tasmanian shippers. Wo wish the Lufra every success, and she has in herself every element for attaining it. She is the hand- somest ship that has ever entered the port of Hobart Town, and was built expressly with a view to speed, by one of the most famed building firms in the old country, Messrs. Hall & Co., of Aberdeen. Had not the opening of the Suez Canal cut out the Lufra from the China trade far which she was intended, by the substitution of steamers for sailing vessels, the shippers of Hobart Town would not have secured, as they have done, the services of a vessel that will place them nearer in time to the London markets than they have ever been. THE law recognises the danger of gunpowder, and the prudence of Executive bodies takes caro that the Uw ho enforced. Provision is made for its being stored where, should an explosion unfortu- nately take place, it shall he accompauicd with tho least possible danger. The unfortunate cause of tho accident, and those in his company, may he blown to atoms, but unless there is a breach of the law, the loss of life is confined to the building and its inhabitants at the time of the explosion. And that there may bo no broach of the law which might possibly lead to a more widespread disaster, those intrusted with the administration of the law are most watchful ; and any one storing more than the statutory quantity of gunpowder ia promptly brought beforo the magistrates and fined ; and in such circumstances we nover find any attempt on the part of the public to interfere with the course of justice, or to prevent the full exaction of the penalty imposed. It is felt that the public safety depends on the strict and impartial enforcement of tho law. In consequence, appalling accidents hy the explosion of large quantities of gunpowder stored, and waiting salo, are fortunately all but unknown. But while we are thus cal eful as to gun- powder, there is another article of commerce equally , explosive, and in many respects moro dangerous, that wo appear to tako to our households,and nurture as if it wero somo plaything or toy that cannot be too much rmulo of, or too freely handled, and which we appear to regard as of as innocuous nature as if so much di apery or ironmongery. We refer to kerosene, which deserves tobodealtwith as cautiously as docs gunpowder, but which dealers in it storo and handlo with the utmost unconcern. During tho past month, something like 4,000 gallons of kero- sene havo boon imported into Hobart Town alone ; and this was not in excess of preceding months, so that we believe wo do not exaggerate when wo say that there is at this moment at least 10,000 gallons of kerosene stored in Hobart Town. Whoro? Wero it an equal quantity of gunpowder, it would bo placed in the magazine, and be virtually beyond the reach of accident from ignition. Not so with kerosono. Government recognise tho danger of storing it, hut provides no protection to the public. They will not allow it to be stored in the Custom Houso warehouses. Tlio shipowners will not allow it to remain in their vessels. The Marino Board will not allow it to be stacked on the wharfs because of its danger. The consequence is that the importer must pay tho duty at onco, and remove it where ho likes, Govornment being utterly indifferent to what may happen the kerosene, from tho moment the duty is paid. In theso circum- stances, tlio importor is compelled to take tho kerosene to his private stores, or, more repre- hensible still, to his ordinary place of business. Many shops in Hobart Town presont pile upon pile of kerosene cans, which may cause no danger so long as they remain untouched, but unfortunately I so many things may lead to these cans being I touched. A marauding cat, or au unhappy stumble of tho storekeeper, may upset a row of cans of kerosene, and this as likely in the cvouing as in the muming, in summer as iii winter, in which cases there is a lamp or a uro ready to Bupply the place of a match. The consequences may bo easily imagined. There ia in the first place a terrible explosion. The building in which the accident takeB placo and all within it aro destroyed. So far, tho danger appears on a par with that of applying a light to a quantity of gunpowder, hut while an accident of that kind would bo prompt and decisive, and its worst effects wrought out at onco, a similar accident from tho ignition of kerosene would only bo tho beginning of the evil. Prom tho placo of the accident would proceed streams of liquid fire, carrying death and destruction far boyond tho boundaries of tho original Bito of tho accident ; in fact,tho accidental setting on fire of a can of kerosene might in a very brief period envelope the half of Hobart Town in fiamos. This danger everyone admits. Yet no one Booms to deem it a duty to .apply a remedy. -.Tim matter U ona that damnnds tho prompt attention of tho City Council, and if they havo not tho power of adopting any romodial or protective step, application should be made to Government, and tho interference of tho Legislature aakod. Thia should necessitate tho saino precautions in regard to storing kerosene that aro compulsory in tho caso of gunpowder. THE clock that from the towor of St. David's Church has for half a century served to rooord passing time, yesterday ceased from its labours, and in a fow days the old tower will also havo boon removed, mid with it will disappear a building that is associated with the remembrances of mauy a byo gotio day. The neighbouring now Cathodral will supply the placo of tho old church ; but no auch forethought baa hoon oxorcisod for supplying that public index of time to which tho groat bulk of tho pooplc of Hobart Town have hitherto looked up ; and now when, undor any oiroumstances, no pro- vision for tho emotion of a public clock can supply the want for a yoar or two, wo aro threatened with a sudden zeal for having a now dook oroatod on tho sito of the church about being thrown clown. Wo have no dosiro to inquire into motives, but wo can- not help thinking that paat apathy is capable of hoing intorprutod as arising from a desire to avoid discussion that might havo made a town clock a town question ; equally ia the present sudden zeal i capable of being interpreted as a dosiro to rush tho publia into erecting a tower and clock as a portion of a particular church. Wo dcaire to seo St. David's Cathedral ornamented with a tower. We shall be delighted should that towor contain a clock. But if it is to be church tower and church clock, lot the congregation nndortako tho re- sponsibility. Wo confess we do not appreciate the self denial of the Bishop of Tasmania, who would allow the people of Hobart Town the concession of a portion of the Cathedral ground for a public clock against his own desires. The Government and tho City Council possess sites that could ho moro appropriately devoted to the erection of a tower for a town clock ; and only by the building and clock being under tho coutrol of the Government or City Council will tho citizens be ensured in its free and full uso. If tho city has boen so long dependent on an individual body for the use of a clock, that is no reason .why such a I state of mattera should bo prolonged now that an opportunity has arisen for tho city providing its own time-keeper. HELO OVÏR-Owing to the length of our parlia- mentary report, we are obliged to hold over a quan- tity of local and general nowa, together with several letters including those of Mr. P. T. Smith on Educa- tion, " Observer," and " Flop." THE ENGLISH MAILS,-Tho steamer with the Engliah mails for the colonies on board, arrived off Glenelg at 12.55 yesterday morning. She may be expected to reach Hobson'a Bay to-morrow morning, and the Tasmanian mails will be transhipped on board the s.a. Tamar, and will arrive at Launceston on Saturday afternoon. In that case the mails will roach Hobart Town on Sunday morning. THE CABLE INTERRUPTED BETWEEN BATAVIA AND SINGAPORE.-Tho following memorandum was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday :- ' 'Batavia informs South Australia that tho cable to Singapore is interrupted by the repairing ship. Communica- tion is expected to bo restored to-day (Wednesday). " Our telegrams intimate tho interruption. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.-The business yesterday was of an important character. Tho third reading of the Heal Property and Intestacy Bill was agreed to, and the bill passed. Some amendments wore made in the Landlord and Tenant Act Amendment Bill. Tho House then went into Committee of Supply, and soma items of the estimates wera passed. It was agreed that tho sum of .-£50 should be appropriated as a gratuity to the Mrs. O'Don- nell, widow of tho late police-sergeant O'Donnell ; also a similar amount as a gratuity to Mrs. Edwards, widow of the late Robert T. Edwards, inquiring officer under the Administrator of Charitablo Grants, and 'a süirí of £3016s.6d. to re-imburso John I Reynolds, lato Chief Districts Constable, and bailiff of tho Courts of Requests, Torquay, for damageä in respect to seizures made by him aa bailiff. The motion for the appropriation of £31 9s. to meet a claim made by tho Colonial Auditor for extra salary was negatived. A leugthy discussion took place on the motion to appropriate tho sum of £12,500, and £57,500 for the purchase and exten- sion respectively of the Mersey and Deloraine tram- way, the motion being agreed to. THE' COLONIAL AUDITOR.-A proposal hy the Treasurer for the vote of a sum sufficient to mako the Colonial Auditor's salary from the date of his appointment to 31st October last, equal to £600 a year, waa last evening discussed. It was stated by the Treasurer that the proposal did uot infer any intention to alter the Act passed last session, and to restore the salary to £600 a year. The amn asked was refused on the casting vote of the Chairman of Committees. We regret this, and aro surprised at it. ' Wo have al- ways hold that the reduction of tho salary waa a great error. The auditor is perhaps the officer of Government of all others on whose in- tegrity the colony is most dependent, and though we believe the shabby treatment Mr. Lovett has re- ceived will not affect his discharge of duty, a day may come, and with it an auditor whose indepen- dence will not bo guaranteed by a salary of £500 a year. It is tho old story of "peuuy wise, and pound foolish." BETWEEN TWO STOOLS.-In Committee of Supply yesterday afternoon, tho Treasurer moved that a sum of £50 be appropriated aa a gratuity to Mrs. O'Donnell, widow of ' the late Police-sergeant O'Donnell, who died at Launceston during the timo tho police from tho diti'ercnt municipalities were drafted there to koop the peace. There was con- siderable objection to the vote, which several mem- bers said should be made by the City Council, whoso atinginoss was not very gently dealt with, and between the two tho widow waa likely to bo tho sufferer. To his credit the Joe Hume of the House, Mr. Jameä Scott, said that the Police-sergeant had died, not in the service of the City Council, but in that of Government, who therefore ought to boar the burden, which he recognised as a just one. The argument was conclusive, and the voto was carried without a division. OiiEUSB-PAniNO.-Tho Assembly, iii Committee of Supply, was yesterday in one of its most econo- mical moods. Tho Legislativo Council had, it acema, felt that it waa curtailed of its proper proportions, in having been deprived, by tho Exeeutivo, of a door-keoper, messenger, and house-keeper, the united salaries amounting to £100. The Council presented an address to His Excellency, praying that the required Bum should be placed on the catimatos. Tho Troaaurer compliod, but with a I bad grace, and several bon. members seemed to think thoy wcro oooupyiug a dignified, position, by counselling a zealous * watchfulness against tho oxtravaganco of tho Council. Mr. Innes carno to tho relief of. tho Council, and complained of the discourtesy that' had introduced changes in the internal arrangements of tho Council, without having consulted tho President. The party character of some of tho Opposition was shown by the protestor against tho oxtravaganco of tho Council voting for the salaries asked which wero carried, tho only matter of surprise being tho motives that could have induced Ministor3 to strike off the items, and present so bald an estimate as to provide an " extra messenger during thoaesaion," without having first afforded tho Council nn ordinary messenger or servant. We wonder what is tho Ministerial meaning of the word " extra," seeing that the " extra messenger" is tho only messenger or non-clerical official the Ministry provided for tho Council on the original estimates. Tar, RAGGED SCHOOLS.-Wo compliment Minis- ters on having at last shown sufficient moral courage not to bo afraid to do what thoy consider right, lest they should ho taunted with being dictated to by their " Organ," and with having recognised in our comments yesterday morning as nu unmistakeablo expression of public opinion. Tho Treasurer yestor¡ day asked the Assembly to so alter the proposed voto for tho Ragged Schools aa to give the committee unconditionally the £300'askcd for building pur- poses, and tho Treasurer must have been gratified to find hia proposed greater liberality BO much approved of by the House. The consideration yes- terday shown to the Ragged Schools Committeo by tho Government and Parliament, is a becoming recognition of untiring and well directed services, especially on the part of the ladies who havo so far and so well conduotcd the schools. FiiEE AND INDEPENDENT ELECTORS.-The constit- uencies of East and West Devon arc in alarm, and apparently regarding their parliamentary represen- tatives as mere delegates, have addressed to thom the following memorial, petition, remonstrance, in- structions, or whatever the document may be designated :-" Dovon, Jîlth August, 1874, to the lion. Chas. Meredith, and J. Af. Dqoley, Esqra., members for East and West Devon in the House of Assembly.-Gentleman.-Wo tho undersigned elec- tors of East and West Devon, have loarnedthrough tho public newspapers with much regret that by your vote in the House on the want of confidence motion of Mr. hines, you evinced a desire to dofeat the present Ministry in their oflbrts to carry out tho pnblic works Bohemo, whioh they purpose, and which wo doom so essential to the prosperity of tho country. Wo therefore, trust you will hesitate in further opposing the Government in any way that may tond to endanger tho mensures they have pro- posed for tile execution of those nocossary public works, 'i We suppose fow will rogard The Mercura as either tho orgau, mouthpiece, or "subsidised" supportor of Messrs. Meredith and Dooley. But though wo can seldom sympathise with thom, wo are bound to say that wo cannot approve of tho action of the constituencies of the Devons. TUB BIRTHDAY BAU,.-Ladies and gentlemen 'attending the ball in honour of Har Majesty's Birthday, nt Government Ilouse on Thursday, 27th hist., are requested to take with thom their cards of invitation to bo delivered to the orderly in wait- ing. Tho regulations to be ohsorvod by carriages going to Government House are published ia our advertising columns. THE TA.SSIANIA.S- POULTRY SOCIETY.-The twen- tieth annual exhibition of the abovo society took place yesterday, in tho Town Hall, and was groat BUCCOSS. His ExccUoncy the Governor and the Hon. Mrs. DuCano were present, and both in the after- noon and evening thora was a very largo attendance of the public. lu tlio evening Dentith and IWlor's baud playod somo dioico music Tho takings for tlio day amounted to £20. The exhibition will ho open throughout to-day, whon gifts will he distributed ; and iii the evening a dinner is to ho given in the committoo room, Town Hall, to the representatives from Launceston and the country. The Mayor will preside. GUILD OK ST. JOHN BAPTIST.-A very successful total abstinence meeting in collection with this G iiild was hold at the sohool-rooin, upper Gotilburn- stroot, lrat ovoning. The Presidont, Itov. C. P. Groono, occupied tho chair, and gava un address on tho objoots of tho Guild. Among the spoakors woro tho Bov. Camm Bromby, Kov. J Gray, and Mr. V, Cane llecitutions wore givon by some of tho juvenile members, mid vocal and instrumental musia betweon tho addresses. At the closo a number of porsons woro admitted as members of tho Guild. j EllECTIOK Ol' A CLOL'K.TOWEU AT S'i'. DAVID'S. The committoo appointed for currying out the abovo object met yesterday afternoon at tho Town Hall. An "appeal" for funds was agreed upon which will bo published, with a list of subscriptions, to-morrow morning. CowAiiDi.Y ASSAULT ON A FEMALE.-A most un- manly attack was made «n a young woman named Sarah Paisloy, in Liverpool-street yostorday. She was walking along the street, whon a ruffianly follow named Isaac Bateman jostlod against her, and, on being remonstrated with, turned round and gave the girl a sevoro backhanded ship in the face, whioh produced a vory nasty out across tho bridge of the nose. The girl went to the Gouoral Hospital where the wound waB promptly dressed. What of cr assailant ? Tim NEW GOVERNOR OF QUEENSLAND.-A corres- pondent writes :-Tho new Governor, Mr. W. W. Cairns, C.M.G., is a trained officer of the Civil Service. In 1852, on the nomination of the Secretary of State, he was sent to Ceylon as a writer, a position which requires that the officer shall undergo a stiff examination in Orthography, Arithmetic, up to Decimals ; Latin, Greek, French, German, Italian, Pure and Mixed Mathematics, Ancient and Modern History, Constitutional and International Law and Political Economy, Geology, Civil Engineering and Surveying. After l8 months work, the writer ia to be examined in precis writing and conduct of official business, in the system of accounts, in the Government regulations of Ceylon, and its ordinances, in the law of evidence, in the native languagos. As the young writer on appoint- ment must ho 20 yeal s old, ho has to undergo the above examination beforo 22, when (if he passes) his salary is £300, a small sum for so much know- ledge ; but if he fails to pass within three years his appointmont is cancelled. When ho gets to the higher class, he has to undergo an examination iu ' au epitome of Roman Dutch Law, and to give a digest of Kandian Customs and Mercantile Law. The books ho has to read and quote from are Section Ummagga Jataka of the Pausiynpanas, tho 11th chapter of Saddharmalankara, also the Kadasiiuuunani, and to be well up in the Panchatan tram. Mr. Cairns did all this ; and being well up in the last book, and tho knowledge to be acquired from the other jaw-breakers, ho was attached to the Cutcherry of Galle, and becamo subsequently Police Magistrate, Commissioner of tho Court of Requests and Government Agent at Trincomaleo ; then he was promoted to he Postmaster-General ; and, after 14 years of Cingalese life and study, he returned home, and was made Lieut.-Governor of Malacca in 18(57, from which ho was promoted to the Lieut. -Governorship of St. Kitts, 18G8, and Governor of Honduras in 1870, with a salary of £1,800. The climate of Queensland is drier than the damp moist swamps of Honduras, although so warm that in summer it is well-known to bo so near the regions of a certain Prince of this world as to have barely a sheet of brown paper between them ; and it is not to be wondered at that this talented civil officer should have been delighted at his pecuniary promotion. Mr. Cairns is an Irishman, Co. Down, a brothor of Lord Cairns, and is about 53 years of age. THE REV. B. S. BIRD'S LECTURE ON SCEPTICISM. A lecturo on the subject of scepticism was delivered last night to a large audience, at the Memorial Church, Brisbane-street, by the Eev. B. S. Bird, the temporary pastor of Davoy-street Congregational Church. Tho chair was occupied by tho Rev. W. C. Robinson, who.after a few prefatory remarks, introduced the lecturer to the meeting. The Rov. Mr. Bird then proceeded to nddresB the meeting, and in his introductory remarks, said that the present age is remarkable for tho prevalence of scepticism in relation to those facts and doctrines on which the belief and teaching of the Christian Churches are based. Very much of such scepticism was so apparent that any one superficially acquainted with the thought of the day, could not help seeing it. But a great deal more, he believed, lay hidden from general observation. There were not a few who viewed this condition of things with consider- able alarm ; who could scarcely hear or think of it without uttering lamentations loud and long ; whilst others regarded it as a hopeful sign of the times, and hailed it as a much needed protest against dogmatism, credulity, and mental slavery. Speaking generally, scepticism was not a thing to bo deplored. In itself, whenever it was-and that was not unfrequently tho case-the result of an honest desire to separate truth from error, and of a refusal to believe what others believed, because they believed it, it was most certainly praiseworthy. An honest doubt had more real faith in it, and was moro aecoptablo to God, aud more worthy of a man, than the lazy credulity which aomo mistook for, and misnamed, faith. Still scepticism was fraught with danger, and carried with it the possibility of cold blank infidelity, as well a3 the possibility of strong living faith. Through misdirection or non restraint it might become most blameworthy, par- ticularly if prompted by any other than that of love of truth. The lecturer then proceeded to glauco at tho causes of scepticism, and pointed out that the best way of dealing with it was by reasoning the matter out, and deter- mining to do right. The best safeguard of the honest sceptic was to stand firm, holding by and acting in harmony with tho eternal truth that right is right, and that moral wrong never can ho right. So would he step safely on ; the more Christ like, the more holy ho becamo. the moro the truth-not, perhaps, tho accepted doctrines of the churches in their peculiar forms-but tho truth of God would be- come clear to him. He would feel as ho went on doing what was right, that his feet were on a rock as firm as the Eternal throne ; and finally stand strong in the best of all faith, faith that has boen found by wailing through seas of distressing doubt. The doxology was sung at the close of tho lecture, aud the congregation dispersed. REMOVAL OF ST DAVID'S CLOCK.-Yesterday morning tho work of romoving the machinery of St. David's Church clock was commenced, and in tho afternoon the whole affair, with the exception . of tho dials and hands, were deposited" in tho caro of Mr. Abbott, Mur- ray-street. The tower was afterwards visited by a number of persons of the sterner sex who managed to scramble up as far as the domo, where, through an opening, their labours where repaid by the splendid panorama of Hobart Town presented from that eminence. Some of the visitors bent on mischief, began tampering with the hands of the clock, and causod them to perform somo very erratic evolutions around tho face of tho dial. This quite astonished au old lady in all the glory of green sunshade, in the street below, who was endeavouring to sot her re- peater, and she vehemently protested that tho clock was bewitched, and made all haste to inform tho incumbent, urgod on by a small boy who roguishly volunteered the information, that the "Ghost of the Devil's Walk" had takon possession of tho building1. Granny frantically hurried to the church door, where sho was met by a workman, who, on hearing her tale, smiled benignly, and assured her " that it was only some city arabs up to their tricks." Tho old lady slowly took her doparturo, and was observed every now mid then shaking her fist in the direction of tho .burch dial, and ejaculating, " You young varmints ; but it's like all these gnmsuckers, they can never koop their hands from mischief." MERCANTILE ASSISTANT'S ASSOCIATION.-Dr. Ben- jafield ia announced to deliver the second of a aeries of popular lectures in connection with tho above association at tho Mechanics' Institute, this even- ing. The aubject ia "The Blood and ita circulation," and tho following is a synopsis of the pointa to bo treated ¡-Composition of the blood-Ita characters and functions-Description of tho heart-ita size, structure, and actions-Arteries-how arranged in tho body-thoir Btructura and uses. Diroctiona for stopping violent bleeding from- Capillaries and Veins-Description of Circulation-how rapidly, and tho work dono-Circulation demonstrated under tho Microscopo. The Rev. JT S torio ia to presido, and will take tho chair at 8 o'clock. It ia requoated that gentlemen willing to assist with mjcrqacopos Will communicate with Mr. Roblin at the Museum. WARNINO TO PUIILICANS.-At tho City Police Court yosterday, Henry Valentino, landlord of tho Loudon Wine Vaults, Livorpool-atroet, was sum- moned by tho Superintendent of Police for allowing | persons to assomblo in his licensed hon-e on tho evening of Sunday, tho Sith hist. From tho state- ment of tho Superintendent it appoarod that be- tween nine and ten o'clook on tho Sunday evening named, thora were 15 persons in tho house, only four of whom were lodgers. Dafondant had benn pre- viously convicted of a similar offence on the !)tli of last May, and had since boon repeatedly warned. Tho Superintendent gave tho house a very bad name, and described it aa ono of tho worst con- ducted houses iu the city. The dofendant waa fined £10 ; in default aix months' confinement, and was warned that a third offence would involve tho can- cellation of his license. Noc A. PRISONER.-lu our report of a polico.caso iu ycaterday's paper, wo inadvertently described Mr. Lazarus, of the Emu Hotel, aa "prisoner." Mr. Lazarus appeared to answer a sumnions, and there- fore was only defendant in tho oa8o. EDUCATION BOARD.-A mooting of this Board will bo hold this morning at half- past eloveu. THE SINGULAR AND FATAL ACCIDENT.-At an inquest held yesterday on the body of the boy Percy Thomas Littlechild, whose sudden death was recorded in yesterday's Mercury, the medical testi- mony was distinct that death was caused by intense congestion of the brain. The jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. EXAMINATION POR THE DnaniiE OK ASSOCIATE OP ARTS.-The Sooretary of tho Tasmanian Council of Education announces that tho preliminary examina- tion of all uatulidales for tho Bogree of Associate of Arts will bo hold at tho Court House, Jlacqnario sti'üot, Hobart Town, and at tho Publio Buildings, Launceston, on Thursday, 3rd Soptomhor no.vfc. Candidatos aro requested to bo in attendance at S'45 a.m. for paper work. Tho general examination will commenco at 0 a.m.' on tho following Monday. \- BltlSllANK - STREEl' LlTKltARV AND OURISl'IAN ASSOCIATION.-Tho aocond session of tina Aaaocia tion will commence on Friday evening, 21st, at 7.30 p.m. Tho Rov. J. AV. Simmons will doljvor tho spoiling Icoturo on "the Pu turo Prospects of the Cqlony." GOOD TE.WLAUS' HALL, NEW TOWN.-Tho first of a series of ontortainmenta, to raise funda for tim Good Tomplars' Hall at Kow Town, will talco placo on 7th prox., in tho Meohanios' Instituto, Mel ville-atroot. THE following is aaid to bo the form of oath in aome western county courta : " Sommy awalhytosmy you abaggiiikinkaso nowntril shabby truth nothin buttv Boppy Rob wiiaby namo." 