SAVE US FROAI OUR FRIENDS. Air. Bushc was said to bo the funny man of tho English cricketing team. All. W. J. Day is evi dently the funny man out of it. Nothing that I have road for a long timo past in tho comic peri odicals has amused mo half so much as tho letter of this apologist for Alessrs. W. G. Grace and (xiibort. A more delightfully illogical epistle could surely not have been penned by Handy Andy, that prince of blunderers. Tho writer commences with a iness, and ends in a fog. Pray what is a " deliberate error," if the expres sion be not a. euphemism for a wilful misstate ment ? What object conld Southerton gain by accusing the Grace family party of a breach of contract at the last minute in respect of the class in which the so-called amateurs and the profes sionals were to travel? The chargo is a serious ono, and should havo been refuted by the captain himself. If ho had, as alleged, all the control of the passage arrangements, how comes it that cable messages passed between England aud'Aliil- bourne more than onco relativo to this very ques tion of class? If Lilly white was correct in his first letter, as stated by Air. Day, bew conld Mr. Biddle be other than wrong in bis reply? And if Souther- ton he right, where are tho other two? But your correspondent, who, after making confusion worse confounded on the great passage questiou, tells us naively that " on tho leading London, grounds" the goats are separated from the sheep ; that the gentlemen and the professionals have different pavilions. I fail to see the difference between the two, if the lato importation boa fair specimen of the former. Like Air. AI'Donnell, I am.of opinion that if. there be a distinction it is all in favor of the hundred aud seventy pounders, not of the great fifteen hundred pounder ami other guns ot smaller but comparatively speak- iug heavy calibre. But 1 would go further, aud ask which of the Grace lot have not sailed under false colors by allowing their names to appear in big placards andothcr printed form as gentlemen, in contradistinction to the profcssiooals. Be cause W. G. Grace is a bright particular star, and always takes care to charge star prices for his services, is he any the less a paid player tliau the lesser lights to whose tails " csqniro" is not clapped? I held him to have been for tho a past seven years to all iutcnts and purposes a professional cricketer. Has he not received front £10 to £25 for every match he played in in Eng almost ever sinco ho commenced his arduous medical studies ? And docs ho not always insist . ou brother George being . included in tlie swim ? , Tlio weakest statement, to my thinking, iri Air. Day's letter is, that Grace ninst ho a gentleman ' because "he could bring himself to apologise to Air. Budd." This, is of a verity a. new definition, of tho term gentleman, tbht because after a' wanton insult to one who had volunteered to tin- >. dcrtako the thankless duties of a strange team's ; umpiro, a sense of shame caused regret to ho expressed. Why a crossing-sweeper would do as mnch fog the accidental > splashing of a man's boots in. the street. , Ho wishes mo to, emphatically deny that the , eleven is a " job lot." What were Afr. Gilbert's ; first-class matches last season, I should like to' know ? And would he have stood the ghost of a chance of being selected if Spiers and Pond , had been the choosers instead of Gilbert's first ' cousin, Wm. Gilbert Grace? As to Boult's ; umpiring, why it was as uncricketliko as. his cricket, and that is a bold word. Humphreys, too, is only a second rater, and hilt tor Lis wicket keeping Bushe would rank worthily with: the muffs. In conclusion, let mo expre.ss a wislr that we have no more mixed teams, professionals, and spurious aristocrats. YORK8HIREAIAN. 