T>rrnTnfjR.APTry .off i THE i INVISIBLE. We'" take tfhse fdilbhing fronl the Scientific -American :-TbB grand moral idea whicbscienoe continually aeeka tu impress upon her votaries is; " humility bf ' bind ; that inestimable virtue . 1.1 _ _ t _1 ...... rC tVin iahI ' whence aprjing nooiee5 pleasure vt- me «>««». But bo'w rare it is to find this beautiful quality, even impersons of cultufo. and learning-! The , great tootors looked upon Galileo with con- Tempt, confined hira in prison as a dangerous man,, and subjected bijn, fo the most ignomin ious, ..tr.eptmenty siioBly'pecfiupe hp presented, for their acceptance tlio light from a new ides, which their . dull perceptions, were unablo to ap- preciaie; He affirmed thdt the siiu did not rise or-Jiaet j that it was the rotation'of the earth . that' Jbroiight - day end night altbrnately upon thp., earth, n Bnt," the dootore, like many in our day, proud in their own. conceit of .kuowledge, knew better; " The Scriptures tell us," they sai4; m'.'p of , the. rising aud.setting sun ; therefore it moves ; otic own eyes assure us of the fact ; the diurnal 'experience of mankind con firms the truth. -i Y<iuf; doctrine, Galileo, 'is false and daugerons." - ' -'"HVTb in- ;i"htq ; style that, some' peraoris, very knowing iii ;Jheir o_wn esieera, reason upon.oer- ' "tain subjects. , Take ''.spirit photography " for example. Titey 'allege that'afiirits are invisible; that ail Jnyisihlo, thing cannot be photographed ; TliPrc-foftPthe so-called' Spirit 'photographs 'are base impostures.1 " It is notour, piirpoie to dissent from the con clusion here assumed-; but we take exception lo -to the. i premises, wbioh 'are- not in agreenient . with science. ' Photographs of soma objects that -are iuvisible to thd human eye may undoubtedly -be prod need.. The Spectrum; of solar light is an I'exsinple, portions of whiob, totally invisible to 'the Sye; are brought but upon the photographer's plate ; aud their presence is also demonstrated by'fifqer, instfumenls. Tife faeutal'effect. whiob we term light iseup- j.posedj.to be produped by the beating of waves of ether 'against tbe .retina of the eye; These ,wave_8;Qnter the eye with an average velocity of a86, 000 miles a second, the length of the waves being variable, from tbe one twenty-seven thousandth, part' of an inch to one seventy-five thousandth part of ap-inbli. The retina there- fore receives many ' hillion's. of impressions in a second; And' it 'is- supposed 1 that it is the differ- TencS i'n 'thS' numtisf'and velocity of theSe infprSs- aions that producea.in .the, mind the sensations of'ifie' ciiiaurs!.!':i'Tf' ficr'wkyjiij .whieh. enter the eye have a muoh greater or'.a muchleas velocity than tlid Uipits' above staled, they do not, it is Buppbsedi'-pi'.od.ucsrthe sensation of light ; and the .ojeeta "from' wbioh such rays come, al though they may really stand before the eye; urehsiwe as v'.ifi visible. But although they do nbraffect tlio eye. they, may impress the photo- \- graphic plate, .which, has no. Such constitution as the, eye. . ... : .. : ... ': ''Pii.e-bf tKe : niost ,8upceBs.fal ..methods of pro- djtping':'.: spirit " photographs is to place in front of the sensitive plate, . within the plate shield, a blear sheet of glass, having nothing upon it ei- cept a thin positive of the " spirit " that is to be produced on tha tiegative. The portrait of the sitter is taken in tbe uauril manner. The light ivhicfi enters the camera leris priiits the sitter aud ,alsp. the "spirit" which is, on the tbih' positive .upon ihe negative. Tliis ia a very convenient ihethpd; as itifequir'es iib manipula tions , ljkely . .to ,-,be .detected, andis,. we think, the' favourite plan. pgaotised.jby . the beat spirit photographers; : Prints, made . in this manner pasVourrentjianiong ..the: believers .for. genuine ghoata of the .'departddj direbtly descended from heaven. . ' . ; . Bnt a more liew; ' 'iiitSresting, and, scientific inowiuu' ui pruuuuiiiK opiiiv »s» hb follows The .plaiu . backgrou'ua -Btofeeo, be- fore which tho sitthr ie 'Iabd in ordey. to have his portrait" "takenVjSyib . be': painteH before hand with theibrmjtjf the' desjred './.spirit,'' the .paint being cbmpVaed pf.'spme uupresqent substance, sqcji i .Mjfiisplutjpn pf sulpbuie of quinine. .Wheu this piiintiug dries oil the screen it. is invisible ; to the -oye rbut - it- stDds out rays that have power to impress the photo plate, aud thus the image of- the person, together with tbe quinine ghost, are, simultaneously .developed upon the "negative. . This is a -very beautiful and remark able mblliod. , :v W - ' — 