SPECIALITIES. ALTHOUGH the results of the recent conference of Colonial Ministers at Sydney has not transpired, sufficient is known of attendant facts to give a general idea how things have gone. There is an idea abroad that one of the colonies has rather gone to the walL It sent as one of its representatives rather a gashing young man of sanguine temperament, -who entered upon the business with immense gusto. His gravity and the weight of thought which marked his brow during the discussions are reported to have been something wonderful, and overawing. The men who were chiefly im pressed were Meagre. Vogel and Parkes. They fell at his feet, metaphorically Bpeaking, and worshipped the youthful genius and deferred to him, and winked at one another. He had been prepared to see in them examples of pre ternatural astuteness, and was astonished to discover in Mr. Yogel a man of the simplest kind, really not in the least a match for his own shrewdness, and whom he could wind round his thumb. As he afterwards explained to an admiring group of acquaintances at the Club, he took Vogel's measure in five minutes, saw through him directly, he could assure you; there was really nothing in the man. The account he gave of the New Zealand Pre mier was received with acclamations. The admiring circle laughed consumedly—at poor Vogel, of course. Still, it is extraordinary how difficult it is to shake a reputation for clever diplomacy even when its nimsiness is exposed by budding talent. Some people persist in be lieving in that empty-headed Vogel, and assert that the "boot is on the other leg." They pretend that the experienced old file took in the confident youngster at a glance, and kept on taking him in. They insist that, perceiving the lad had come dreadfully suspicious of the slightest signs of cleverness, and prepared to be quite impracticable at the first suspicion that he was being dragged out of his depth, the wily Vogel simply took the other tack—assumed noodledom for the nonce—and succeeded perfectly. There appear to be in Brisbane some relations of the acute gentleman who distinguished him self at a fire by throwing his wife out of a three story window, and tenderly carrying a feather bed downstairs in his arms. At a recent fire, some examples of the family failing were notice able. Saving glass casements from the flames by wrenching them furiously off their hinges and flinging them into the street on to people's heads or under people's feet, was one develop ment. Chucking iron bedsteads from the highest available points is "no great shakes" in the way of salvation either. Perhaps a few direc tions suitable t > such events wQI not come amiss. In case of discovering part of your house to be on fire, the first step every prudent man should take is to endeavor to extinguish it and to give the alarm at the one time, by making every member of the family throw open his or her window and scream " Fire." This will bring assistance, and at the same time create a fine strong draught, which may blow out the flames, the same as a lamp or a candle; everyone can understand that Then send all the children up to the attics so as to be out of the way, while you are saving your property. Do this by tearing down all the bulkier fixtures first. If they are too large to get conveniently through the window you can theu leave them on the floor ready for removal. By this time, in the ordinary course of things, some people will have arrived to assist you, and will have broken in the front door. They will be very useful in removing things. They are likely to have the aid of heaven, which only helps those who help themselves. You can count on their helping themselves—especially to the plate. If you ttould at this point offer up a short prayer it might assist you, especially as most of the strangers will be preying. The flames ought by this time to have reached the staircase. Sud denly recollect that the children are cut off from escape. Scream generally for about five minutes when this occurs to you. It will make matters much clearer. Then make a rush at the flames about the staircase. You will find them very hot It is always the way with them. Be surprised at that, and go and gesticulate at tie window. It won't hurt anybody, and will put the crowd in a good humor. After doing that for a reasonable time, throw your big mirror out to the policeman, who is keeping back the people below and looking up at you. Hit him on the nose if possible. If it is any thing of a nose it may break the fall of the mirror. When the engines at last arrive, and commence playing on the house, drag the piano to the doorway and heap a lot of heavy articles behind and above it ready for removal. They will block up the entrance as the firemen come forward with the hose, and will give them time for reflection. Tear your hair and implore everybody to keep cooL When the hose begins to play, suddenly bethink yourself of the well in the paddock. Seize a bucket and go for it It is only a hundred yards each way. Drop the bucket in when you get there. Swear, then get back to the house and stand so that the hose is bound to play upon you. Then, finding your wife and children have been removed before ever the stairs caught fire, and are all 6nug in their thin night-clothes, embrace them all round. It will wet them, but is better than having to water their bodies with your tears. It is time something were done for employers of Polynesians at Mackay. A correspondent of one .of the papers has been wailing over their troubles, and suggesting a comfortable remedy. It is very hard, he says, that after pay ing £17 a head for the creatures, and then feed ing them for a month or two, they refuse to work. Gaol has no terrors for them ; they like it. It is hard to understand the perversity of the race which considers even tbe treatment they receive as criminals in confinement better than the life they have to lead on the planta tions. It looks as if there had been a series of misunderstandings somewhere. The country sends Government agents with each vessel to the islands, and there is always an interpreter. The Government agents report with beautiful unanimity that the recruits fully understand their agreements, and what they have to expect in Queensland. And yet when they get here they Bhow an astounding preference for gaol! Would it not be a good idea if, instead of presenting to them the in ferior allurements of plantation life, they were made clearly to understand that all the charms of treatment as criminals would be allotted to them on arrival. They come in fair numbers from the islands induced by the lesser attraction, and it therefore seems likely that if gaol were only promised, the islands would be depopulated by the eager exodus of their inhabitants to in dulge their love of confinement We could then revert to the old convict system and allot so many of the criminals to each settler. It is true that in the old penal system flogging the assigned servants was a necessary corollary. But the correspondent we alluded to, who hails from Mackay, is a strong advocate of flogging, even with present arrangements. We think our own plan the better of the two. As regards Polynesians already in the colony, it would be a sort of handsome improvement on our bargain made with them at the islands. But it might be also " explained " to future recruits as an addition to existing advantages. It would by no means check the flow of immigration. These valuable and intelligent islanders would still be reported as clearly understanding their agreements, and would come along all the same. If everything else failed, the chances of being stockwhipped along the roads by the native police, and even of being handcuffed in the bush and left to starve by some " well-meaning " em ployer would turn the scale, and fetch them. That remarkable manifestation of the human credulity called spiritualism, for which our Vic t»rian neighbors are bo famous, has developed itself there in a new phase. So accustomed are the good people of Melbourne, however, to the vagaries of the peculiar sect who believe in the plenary inspirations of tables, that beyond barely chronicling the fact alluded to in their columns, the newspapers make no reference to it what ever. An inquest was held in one of the suburbs of Melbourne upon the body of a child named Ernest Auguste Reison, who died from inflam mation of the peritoneal membrane. It was elicited at the inquest that the father of the lad brought to see him " a clairvoyant named Eliza beth Armstrong." This lady exercised her mys tical powers, and prescribed for the boy, but without success ; though it was stated by the medical witnesses that her prescriptions " did no harm." The evidence of the spiritual doctor is sweetly brief and impressive :—" Eliza beth Armstrong, medical clairvoyant, Russell street, deposed that she saw the deceased on the evening of the 21st September, at the request of the father, who Baid that three doctors had seen the child and given him up. She found the child in what she considered the last stage of typkoid fever. The head was in a state of great inflammation, and the brain was in a state of inflammation. She did not examine the pulse, not understanding anything about it. She recommended that the deceased should be given some raspberry-leaf tea, and other tea, to relieve the brain, and that he should then be given jelly diet, and nothing solid. Witness did not know what part of the body was attacked in typhoid fever. She knew nothing except when she was in the clairvoyant state." It would be ungallant were we to add to this admission—" and not much then ;" but if the spiritual relief for inflammation of the brain is raspberry-leaf tea, we will consent to abide by mere earthly prescriptions. • As the doubter of Denmark remarked, in the time of King Claudius, " It needs no ghost> my lord, come from the grave to tell us tlutt /" A chemist's assistant would have given more valuable infor mation for sixpence, and a pit ticket to the theatre. Yet Reison, senior, believed in Miss Armstrong'B powers. As soon as he heard the deceased was ill he took, him from his mother and had a woman named Armstrong to see him, thinking that was the only way to save his life. It is lucky that the spirits did not suggest hard-boiled eggs tr hot rum and milk instead of rasp berry tea. Surely the madness of clair voyance has been exposed sufficiently, and the folly of table-rapping made often manifest. Yet men go on believing. Mis 3 Armstrong is a name well known to investigators of "phenomena." She published a book in Melbourne, in which she recorded how she learned Greek without a master, translated Latin without a dictionary, and was " floated through the air " by spirite. It is charitable to suppose her insane, and yet rumor says that a well-known medical practitioner in Melbourne diagnoses the diseases of bis patients by spiritual assistance, and prescribes according to his "inner promptings." Small wonder that the boast of Victoria's capital should be that it has the most magnificent madhouse in the Southern Hemisphere. We do not blame the quacks—they would be more than mortal did they resist the temptation to gull such a crew of eager fools. As Mokanna cried to his bowing worshippers— Ye would be tluites aiul victims—ami ye twe. Messrs. George Mvers and Co. desire to ac knowledge, with their thanks, the receipt, in aid of the Palestine Famine Fund, of the sum of £11 from the churchwardens of St. John's Church, and £8 14s. from the Rev. Mr. Savage, of the Congregational Church, South Brisbane. The-se amounts were collected last Sunday at the re spective churches mentioned. Pkobate of the will of Robina Bryce Unmack, late of Brisbane, deceased, was granted yester day, on the application of Mr. Ocock, to Theo dore Unmack, the sole executor named in the wilL Personalty sworn under £200. The thirty-first monthly subscription meeting of the Brisbane Mutual Building and invest ment Society was held on Monday evening. The director in attendance waa Mr. A. R. Byram. The total sum received for the present month amounted to £410 18s. Id. - 