INTERCOLONIAL COMPETITION OF FLAX-HARVESTING MACHINERY. In order to encourage the invention and manufacture of machinery which should super sede manual labor, and tend to economise the expense attendant on the production of flax in this and the sister colony of Victoria, the Chamber of Manufactures of this city communi ca'ed with the Victorian Department of Agri culture, in order to secure the co-operation of Victoria in offering prizes in conjunction with the Chamber of Manufactures for the best im plements or machines suited for flax-harvesting. The result was that a sum of ±'300 was jointly raised by the Department of Agriculture of Victoria and the South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural Society and the Chamber of Manufactures, with the concurrence of the South Australian Government, to be offered as prizes, viz.—first pv'z£150; second do., £100; and third, £50. The competition for the prizes tbok place on Friday, October 30, at the Reedbeds, on the farm of Mr. It. Slater. There were but three entries for the competi tion—Mr. J. W. Bull, of Adelaide; Mr. D. Hutton, of Mintaro; and Mr. J. Duncan, of Adelaide; and the latter unfortunately was unable, through illness, to complete his machine in time.. The Stewards appointed to arrange matters were the Hon. T. Hogarth, and Messrs. S. V. Piz^y, J. Frame, A. Macdouald, and R. Slater. The Judges were Messrs. T. Macdouald and' W. F. Gray. 3 he Victorian Judges, Messrs, Joshua Mi5chell and Josh. "Wilding, .who were not present. Keferee—Mr. K. Humphds. Theruling of anythree of-the Judges and the Ke feree to be final. Honorary Secretary—Mr. J. F. Conigrave. There were about 100 visitors pre sent, among whom were Messrs. W. W. Tux fqrd, T. Playford, J. W. Brind, S. V. Pizey, G. V. Kawkes, S.M., J. A. Oharfcier, Boediger (the proprietor of the Gawler Flax Mill). T. MacdoBald (proprietor of the Willunga Flax Mill), Hackett, E. Sawtell, J. Rounsevell, James Clark, D. Gall, and other gentlemen interested in the development of colonial in dustries, and specially in that of flax-growing, which, it is thought, will ultimately be of great benefit to the colony. The crop selected to he operated upon was growing on Mr,. Slater's farm, close to the Torrens, at the Reedbeds, and presented a tolerably even appearance, being about 2 feet 9 inches in height, but the greater portion of it bad been completely dried up by the recent hot weather, and presented a very withered appearance. The soil was very light and sandy, and the flax could easily be pulled by hand, so that it was hardly suited for testing the capabilities of the machines. The time fixed for commencing work was 10 o'clock, but it was not till 11 o'clock that work was actually begun. Mr. Conigrave read the conditions of the, competition, from which it appeared that in order to secure a prize it was indispensable that the machine should combine strength and durability with lightness of draught; that the flax should be taken out of the ground, not cut off, and that it should de liver the flax without crossing or entangling the stalks, aud with the roots even. The machine also was to be so constructed as to be capable of being worked by any farm laborer of ordinary intelligence. Provision was also made for a trial of the machine in Victoria. Mr. Bull's machine was simply one of Hornsby's mediuin sizpd ploughs, with a cutter or knife attached, making au angle with the plough of about 45°, which worked under the roots of the flax and loosened the soil, rendering it very light work for the men who followed the instrument to to pull the flax. The knife was about 9 inches in breadth, and loosened the soil .to that extent. Mr. Bull at first used two horses to work the machine, but in the afternoon employed only one. Three men were employed in gathering the fl vx, but could not keep pace with the machine, and probably three times that number would be required to do it. After the kuife had passed under the fl <x the stalks keep their erect posi tion or nearly so. At first Mr. Bull used an apparatus for separa'ing the portion of flax operated on from the other part of the crop, but finding that it clogged the knife, he dis used it. Mr. Hutton's machine was like the driving-seat of a mowing machine, and attached to it was a knife set at right angles to the carriage, and having an apparatus for separat ing the flax operated on. Shortly after it began to work it got clogged, and it was stopped to alio v an alteration to be made in the knife, but when the machine was again set going it was found that the initial difficulty had not j been overcome, and it was withdrawn. At 10 o'clock there was an adjournment for lunch. Mr.- T. Playford presided, and after justice had been done to the viands, on the motion of that gentleman, thanks were accorded to the Chamber of Manufactures for the liberal pro vision they had made for the visitors. Mr. J. A. Chabtier thought that on an occa sion like that, it would be well to say a few words abouttbe production of flax. Hekadhoped that progress^ would have been made by the introduction of suitable macbinerv, but thought that thore had not as yet been that amount of j success that had been anticipated. He be lieved that flax-growing would be of great benefit to the colony, and especially to farmers. The country would be, he thought, at some time a great flax producer, equal to any other in the world, and that our exports of flax would rival those of wheat. He bad sent home some flax, which had realised from £40 to £50 per ton, but he had been informed by the broker who sold it, that he saw no reason why flax should not be grown here worth £100 per ton. One argument in favor of its cultivation was that it could be grown in a short time—from twelve to fourteen weeks—and could be ga thered just before the wheat harvest began. Although the trial of the day had_ not resulted so successfully as had been anticipated, yet those who had grown flax should not be dis couraged. but go on with their work. (Hear hear.) Mr, W. F. Gray said there were some present who did not believe in flax- growing, but he did. He thought the colony produced too much wheat,' and that the price this year would be | low. Last year the wheat had nearly been destroyed by the hot winds, while the flax crop was the best that had ever been grown here. Farmers should grow flax no as to have some thing to fall baok on if the wheat crop failed. (Hear, hear.) He characterised the present system of farming as land-spoiling, for farmers said now that it. did not pay to keep fowls, cows, &c.;, and so they ontinually cropped the land wi'h nothing but wheat. It was time that people aroused themselves to think on this matter, as the country was overflown with wheat, and thp markets of the world were overstocked. The attempt to secure machinery to economise the cost of flax production had originated with the Chamber of Manufactures, and they had been aided by the Agricultural Society. Victoria •had also cordially responded to their invitation to oo operate—(hear, hear)—and had aided them liberally. The two colonies had for once united for one common object in friendly rivalry, and he was glad of it, and trusted that those present would give expression to their feelings on the subject. (Cheers.) Mr. R. Smith Baid ha did not believe in fl ix growing. Ho thought that if a wedding cake were seat to England from the colony, and sold at half-a-crown a pound it might be used to show the value of flour in the same way as Mr. Char tier attempted to show the value of flax. All that a farmer could get for flax was £3 per ton, aud it would pay bira better to grow wild oats for hay than grow fl ix at that price. He gave the Chamber credit for good intentions, and for a desire to benefit the colony, and the farmers in particular, but the expense of getting flax in was too great for the farmers to make it pay. (" l ook at the seed.") "Wheat paid better, and the growth of flax would be a3 great a failure as the competition had been. Mr. T. Macdonald challenged Mr. Smith's statements He paid £100 for the produce of about 10 acres of ground cultivated by farmers, and they had told him that it was the best pay ing thing they had tried. They were practical farmers as much as Mr. Smith was. (Mr. Smith—" Did you pay more than £3 per ton ?") It did not matter whether he paid for it by the ton or not. If farmers grew flax of a good quality, they would get more than that for it, I and as they gained experience; there waa no doubt but that the quality would be improved. (Hear, hear.) Mr.?J. Frame said he had grown a good crop of wheat after a crop cf fl.ix. He had grown a fine crop of flax in 1811, but found he could not sell it; he was the first person who ex hibited flax in the colony. He found that it would have been better for him if he had not grown it, as he only got 6 cwt. off an acre. (Mr. Smith—"Enough to hang a man.") No ; if he were going to hang a man he would use hemp. It would be better to grow hemp than flax, as good rope could be made from it. Mr. J. "W". Boll said he had been asked to compete by the Committee only a short time before the day fixed for the competition, and had complied, as he thought it right to join with Yictoria in attempting to secure improved machinery. He agreed with Mr. Gray as to the value of flax-growing. When he exhibited in June", 181.':, his model of a reaping-machine, which was the origin of Ridley's machine, all the Committee were against him, and he was laughed out of the room, but the machine as improved had saved millions. He thought that the attempt to secure machinery for flax pull iing would ultimately be successful. Mr. Roediger said that fi ax-growing had been tried arouud Gawler, and the increase in the quantity grown showed that the farmers thought it would pay, even at £3 per tou. From 2.{- to 4 tons could be got from an acre,. and he thought that Mr. Smith took a very I narrow-minded view of the matter. Hay could | not be sold in tbe country as it could ba in Adelaide, while flax could be sold anywhere. The expense of flax-pulling, too, was not much greater than that; of hay saving. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. F. CouiGRAVE said he had to acknow ledge gratefully she hearty response made by the Department of Agriculture ia Yic.oria to the invitation sent them to co-uperate in the offering of prizes. Mr. Wallace, the head of the Department, had entered heartily into the matter. He was rather disappointed at the want of success, as shown by the competition; but thought there was ground for encourage ment, as the efforts made would not be alto getherfruitless, and might ultimately be crowned with success. If the cost of producing flax should be at any time reduced, the movement would not be regarded as a failure. He pro posed that three hearty cheers should be given for Yictoria, and specially for Mr. Wallace, whoso hearty co-operation he greatly valued. (Jheeis.) Mr. J. I-. Dow responded for Yictoria, speak ing in h'gh terms of Mr. Wallace, whom he knew, and who is energetic in the cause of agriculture. Having been over the Northern Areas, he could not agree altogether with those who condemned flax-growing. The farmers had been compelled to take to it in V ictoria, and the climate of that colony was better adapted to the growth of clovers, rye, and grass, than that of touth Australia, being more humid. He thought, however, that settlement of the country would increase the humidity ; and he advised farmers to grow flax, so as to back up their wheat growing. Yictoria was behindhand in not sending any one to compete; but he did not regard the competition as a failure, be cause machines to reduce the price of labor would no doubt be constructed, and flax would be harvested as wheat now is. (Cheers.) Mr. S. Y. PlZEY said he had identified him self with the fl ix-growing movement for the last four or five years. He was not a practical farmer, but thought South Australia would not prosper by relying fon wild oats. He hoped their ideas were a march ahead of that. A crop of wild oats would not pay when compared with the growth of flax. It was a mistake to take the price per ton into consideration with out reckoning the total quantity that could be grown on an acre. One acre of flax would pro duce £12, while an acre of wild oats would pro duce £3, and it would only cost £2 10s. an acre to pull the flax. Farmers were increasing their acreage of fl ;x, and could machinery be intro duced, a great saving would be effected. The competition had not, he thought, been a failure. At Willunga only one machine had been brought forward; there were two now, which was au improvement, and on another occasion there might be still further improve ment. He trusted they would not fall back on wild oat3, but grow flax. Mr. D. Gall said, as he was anxious that something should be done for the boys of the colony, that it would be wise to promote the cultivation of flax, by which emp'oyment would be given to many women and children. In New Zealand the flax was different from ours, and they were about to manufacture linen from it, and he saw no reason why the same should not be done here. (Hear, hear.) Mr, A. O. Chambers thought there had been no failure. First inventions were generally disheartening; but a simple method of loosen ing the roots of the flax had been found by Mr. \- Bull, and ha believed that ultimately a simple machine would be constructed to do the work properly.. Mr. R. fLITER was not disheartened, but would try again. The fl.ix'he had previously grown he had not been able to sell on account of the. expense of carriage, but if a branch mill were established in his neighborhood he would continue to grow flax. fMr. J. H. Horwood believed if there were a demand for machines of a certain kind they would soon be constructed, as there was suffi cient mechanical skill iu the colony. Thanks were due to those who . had competed, and he wished them success iu their future efforts. A vote of thanks to the competitors was pro posed by-him, seconded by Mr. K. SMITH, and carried by acclamation. Mr. Bull's machine having worked a suffi cient length of time to satisfy the Judges of its capabilities, the whole of the crop was not pulled. The Judges had power to order a trial of: the machine in Victoria as well as here, but thought it unnecessary. It is understood that their decision on the merits of the implements exhibited will be given on Saturday. Lieutenant Alfred Wilkinson gave his ;cond address at White's Rooms, on Friday veiling on the subject, " The Restoration of the postleship of our Lord Jesus Christ iu the hristiau Church; the divinely appointed eans for the helping of the Church iu her low, Lvided, and distracted condition, and her pre iration for the second coming of our Lord, which is near at hand." Mr. .Wilkinson com menced with an explanation of the Mosaic and Christian dispensations, contending that Jesus Christ, whilst being the second Adam, was the very Man and the very God, the fourfold attri butes'of human nature being united in Him. He then spoke of the antagonism existing be tween Christ and Antichrist, which, he said, was a direct evidence of our Redeemer's advent, and exhorted his listeners that as their Creator had given them certain powers, those powers they should use in striving for mastery over prevalent sin. The Apostles at the beginning of the Christian dispensation he referred to as' having been the givers of the Holy Ghost, and the orderers of God's worship. The men of the present generation had an idea that they could arrange the order of their wor ship as they wished, but this he combated as mere blasphemy. Jesus Christ sought to pre pare the Churches for His coming if they would but be warned. He asked them if they did not covet that resurrection. Yet the Church, he pointed out, must be united in a bond of heart and spirit before the dread event took place. They should, to effect that end, gather themselves into a universal fellowship, not that they should form a new sect—not that they Bbould form a new Church, because Christ ad instituted the Church on Pentecost, bu1- cause they should' be' made ready for tbe olemn future which awaited them all. There was distinct evidence of i he Saviour's resurrection, he argued, in the present neglect of the ordinance of His holy supper, and in the divided and distracted condition of the different bodies of his disci ples. He advised them therefore to commune with their pastors and their friends in regard to this all-important topic,5so that they might be chastened and purified to welcome the re awakening of their Lord, and so that when He came He should not tike them as a thief in the night; The lecturer, who was attentively listened to, explained that one of the daily papers had misrepresented him in speaking of him as professing to be an apostle, since he only professed to be an evangelist "serving under the Restored Apostles of our Lord," 