ATHLETICS. V ATHLETIC GOSSIP, By Cursor. The various parks and enclosures around Melbourne are beginning to present a lively aspect each afternoon with the numer ous votaries of the robust game of foot ball, punting and drop-kicking the leathern sphere in all directions. Cricket has given up the ghost for the time being, and foot ball is now the reigning pastime. The prineipal clubs have held their opening meet- ings, and toon the secretaries will meet for the arrangement of tho programme of matches. In all quarters there is the greatest amount of enthusiasm manifested over the approach of the campaign, and it is generally thought that this season will he a very brilliant one. Before the ball is fairly set in motion, I would like to draw the attention of footballers to the fact that there is a feeling prevalent that the game as at present played is too rough, and that -the rules should be altered with a view to having the game deprived of some of its ob jectionable features. There can be no doubt that each successive season has been marked by an increase in the roughness of the play. A few years ago football was quite as exciting as it is now, but it was played in quite a different style. There was no shirt tearing or "rabbiting" — tin inno vation made by_ the Carlton players, which is in reality tripping— and generally there was a better feeling shown by the opposing players than they now exhibit towards one another. Gf course, after a man has had a slice of his ear taken off or his collar bone broken, it could not bo expected that he would at the conclusion of the game embrace the player who brought about his discomfi- turo.v Much of tbe bitter feeling is engen dered by the violent play, and it has often been a wonder to mo that a free fight does not crop up during every game that is played. It is agreed on all sides that there is somo necessity for a change in the rules, but the difficulty in making any alteration is owing to pla, ers being accustomed to the present stylo of play. The rough play has not been the work of one or even two seasons'; it has grown gradually, and the lovers of the gamo have not perceived the change. They pooh-pooh the idea that there is too much violent play, and state that if the rules are interfered with a signal injury will be. done te foot-ball in the colony. I would not like to see. football robbed of all its rough ness, for it is essentially a rough pastime, in which hard knocks must be given and taken. Abolish running with the ball, and at once many of the objectionable features will dis appear. All the scrimmages, shirt-tearing, and rabbiting are due to this reprehensible practice. The rulo says, with regard to picking up the ball and. running with it, "that it shall be carried only so far as is ne cessary to allow a player to execute the drop kick." Somehavesnggestedthatthe ball ought not' to he picked up from the ground under any circumstances, but this would deprive the game of one of it3 principal attractions, viz. the drop- kick. The rules only require alteration in respect to the power given to the central umpire. This functionary should have his duties clearly laid down, and in his discharge of them he should be supported by the entire field. Let the umpire insist that the ball be carried not further than four yards at the outside, and then there will be a great improvement effected. Running and bouncing the ball should be discountenanced, and then the game would be in reality foot ball. The hand would not play such an im portant part as it does now; andj the kicking would as a consequence improve very much. The Age and Argus newspapers had leading articles on Monday last on the matter, and without agreeing with all that was said of tho game, .the picture drawn, is by no mean3 an exaggerated one. The Melbourne Football Club have ob tained the permission of the Government to fence in that portion of the Richmond Paddock used as the Melbourne football ground. They have already collected most ; of ;the money, arid before" Hie first match is played- the . fence will be completed:; This will be- a great boon to theplayenywho will not have their spaoe encroached- upon by the public. The St. Kilda Football Club is, 1 hear, oing to take a front place this -season; They have had a great many new members, among whom are some good men, and' it is confidently stated that their first twenty will be the strongest the club has. ever turned out. Another good club is sadly wanted- to widen the sphere of competition. Qarlton will be as strong as of yore. Albert Park shows signs of vitality, and we may expect this once excellent club to-attain'its former position. 