THE ULTIMATE PRINCIPLE OF PROTESTANTISM. This was the title of a lecture delivered by the Bev. R. W. Dale, of Birmingham, at Exeter Hall, being one of the series carried out under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association. Mi% J. Giirney Hoare vvas in the chair. The meeting was oi)ened with prayer by the Rev. James Sewell. The chairman said that he had been young and now was old, and found that he had an ever-increasing respect for this society. Ho- had always known of the vast good it was doing in London and the pro- vinoes, and he always rejoiced to hear that any one in whom he was interested was a member. They would find at the institution all that it was a heueht for them to learn both for this life and for Heaven above, where he trusted that each one would arrive through the merits of his Saviour. The Rev. R, W. Dale was received with cheer-s. He commenced his lecture with a general sketch of the change in public sentiment with respect to Romanism. He said : — Within the last five-and-twenty yesrs a great change has passed upon the spirit and temper of the English nation. I can remember the time when the antagonism with which for more than 300 years the majority of the English people had regarded the Church of Rome was one of the most powerful elements of our national life. It controlled our theological controversies ; it was appealled to with confidence by all political parties ; its influence was obvious in our social intercourse. Romish priests were regarded with mingled distrust, contempt, and dread. The characteristic doctrines of the Romish Church were spoken of with intellectual scorn; the pretensions of the Pope to infallibility, for instance — pretensions at that time not sanc tioned by the authority of a general council — and the dogma of transubstantiation, were sup posed to bo too monstrous and absurd to require serious discussion. The invocation of saints and the homage offered to the Virgin Mary were treated as nothing better than idolatry ; the reverence for relics a childish superstition ; and the instruments and apparatus of Romish wor ship — decorated altars, sacred wafers, crucifixes, and the gorgeous robes of the priest — were regarded as things which carried infection with them, and the worship itself as a profane insult to the majesty of God. In those days it was customary to speak of the .Jesuits .as men who had reduce! equivocation and lying to a science. Nor was there .any crime, it was imagined, from which a Jesuit would shrink if the interests of the Church .appeared to require it. Most of the English people, a quarter of a century .ago, most of the people then regarded the confes sional with horror and disgust. It was an abomination not to be tolerated in a free Christian community — it was an institution for corrupting the morals of women, and for investing the priesthood with a dark .and terrible power over the happiness of families. And the principles .and opinions of the Romish Church were the very symbol and representation of .all the worst eviis which can desolate Christendom, and had plunged Europe into darkness for centuries. It was the irreconcileablo foe of intellectual free dom ; it was the life of political despotism ; it had been guilty of ferocity and treachery, and of cruelties more refined than had ever disgraced the worst forms of Paganism. It had repressed with fire and the sword — with the branding-iron, the gibbet, and the stake — every noble struggle for truth and liberty ; it was drunk with the blood of the saints. Atheism itself had an apology and palliation in the superstitions .and crimes of this corrupt and tyrannical Church. Speaking broadly, this was the creed of, at least, the vast majority of the English people a quar ter of a century ago. Even then, indeed, in some quarters the ancient loyalty of the nation to Protestantism had begun to give way. Here and there clergyman and scholars had begun to look upon Romanism — not only with charity-— but with sympathy. Among the aristocratic classes there was already a disposition to tolerate — and even to admire— the external forms of the Romish worship, and certain Romish insti tutions. Some of the leaders of political p.arties — though willing enough at times to take advan- tage of the popular passion— did not share it themselves. But the manufacturers, tradesmen, and the professional men of the country, seemed — at least — to be faithful to the principles and traditions of the Reformation, and the great mass of 'the working people had an intense abhorrence of Rome. It would take a long time to discuss the causes of the great change through which the popular mind has passed since then. The reality of the change cannot be denied. Crucifixes have become the common ornament of libraries and drawing-rooms. The services of hundreds of churches not belonging to the Roman comnmuiou approximate very closely to the Roman type. From thousands of Anglican pulpits the doctrine of the Real Presence is openly taught. Although that doctrine may not be identical with the doctrine of transub- stantiation, the difference between the two is philosophical and not religious. We hear of "the Sacrifice of the Mass," where we used to hear of "the Holy Communion," and "the Lord's Supper." Confession is recommended and practised as an aid to devoutness and purity of life. The odium which once .attached to Roman Catholic persecutors is now heaped on their victims — the martyrs of the Reformation. Luther and Calvin are denounced as the worst of men, and their influence on the religious thought and life of Europe is described as an unmixed calamity. The very name of Protes tant is regardedwith loathing. While a power- ful and rapidly- increasing party in the English Church is striving to undo what they regard as the mischievous revolution of the sixteenth century, their efforts provoke no deep and general hostility. Their energy and their zeal are spoken of with admiration in the news- papers. Their characteristic doctrines and practices, if condemned at all, are condemned faintly and with hesitation, even by many of the Bishops, of what we used to call the Pro- testant Church. Pleasant music and fervent preaching. will draw crowded congregations in churches in which the great articles of the Pro- testant faith are vehemently assaulted, and the Roman creed is vehemently maintained. The whole tide of our popular literature, the spirit of popular assemblies, and the current conver sation of society, .all indicate that the old hos tility to Rome is rapidly passing away, and in many quarters it has already disappeared. Now, sir, for myself, if I were an English poli- ticism, and nothing more, this singular change in the spirit of the nation would awaken my deep concern. It is true, no doubt, that the foundations of English greatness were laid long before the Reformation, and that in the early periods of our history the Bishops of the Romish Church resisted the tyranny of kings, and en- cour.aged the nobles and the people to contend for the authority of the law ; but the true glory of this nation began with its great controversy with Rome. (Cheers.) It was during that pro tracted struggle that the genius of our ancestors revealed for the first time all its splendour, and that the English nation gave Europe the first decisive proof of its heroic temper. Three periods in our history are for ever memorable-— the reign of Elizabeth — the Commonwealth — and the Revolution of 1688 ; and in every one of these the fiery hatred of the English people for Rome was at white heat. Our Protestantism has become one of the chief points of our national unity ; the achievements of our ances tors in the Protestant cause have been cherished amongst our most glorious national traditions. Shakespeare is Protestant through and through Milton was not only a Protestant but a Puritan. Our most famous statesmen were statesmen who counted it their chief liusiness to maintain the Protestant interest. The sovereigns whose names are on the lips of the common people, and whoso reigns are regarded with the greatest pride — Elizabeth, Cromwell, William III. are all identified with the triumphs of Protestantism. When England ceases to be Protestant the change must affect the chief monuments of our national literature. We shall have to re-write our national history, to break with our national traditions. The change involves a revolution in our whole national life which must have far greater issues than .any change I can conceive' in the mere form of our Constitution. Under Monarchy or Republicanism the spirit and man ners of the people may remain the same. Let Protestantism lose its hold on this country, and the whole life of the nation, which has mani fested itself in such energetic .and noble forms, has created virtues which constitute the stability of the English character, has insjured intellec tual triumphs, has built up our material pros- perity, has made our reverence for the authority of the law, a principle and habit, and our love for political freedom a passion, has given to our armies imperishable renown, and' placed at our feet a wider and broader empire than .ancient Rome ever governed — this life so rich, so deep, so robust, will have for ever passed away. Let the nation cease to be Protestant, and the Eng land which, notwithstanding all her faults, we have so passionately loved, will have ceased to exist. She will pass through a change so deep and so eventful, that as an Englishman, I c.an- not contemplate it without perplexity and dis may. (Loud cheers.) What she may become, I cannot toll ; but Avh.at she has been during the splendid years of her loyalty to Protestant ism, thank God, I know ; .and God forbid that her magnificent history should suddenly come to a close. But, sir, as a Christian man, I look with still deeper concern upon the change in the national mind, which I have described, The differences between Romanism and Protestant ism are not differences in the mere details of a creed, or in the mere circumstances and .acces sories of worship, or in the mere form of eccle siastical polity. There is one great and vital principle which underlies all extei'nal differences between Protestantism on the one hand and Romanism on the other. In the theology of Rome, in her discqdine, in her moral and spiri tual life, .and in the. forms of her worship, this principle is systematically violated. The lec turer then proceeded to enter into an oxamina- 'tion of what this principle — the " Ultimate Principle of Protestantism " — really is. It was described by five people out of six as the "right of private judgment." Our writers, such as Chillingworth, say the Bible alone is the religion of Protestants ; and the German Protestant theologians would say that the fundamental principle consists of the assertion of the sole and supreme authority of the Holy Scriptures, and the material principle in the doctrine is justification by faith. He thought that one principle underlay all these. First, the right of private judgment does not mean the right to think as we please, for even in science a man' is bound down by ascertained facts. No man should be punished for thinking as he pleases l.vTkiitM HTiil liiif: if. is iini f.lif> Ituttn -J 1 , — —W. — W Avrong. He denied that Protestants had placed an Infallible Book between the soul and God, as aa'as often charged against them, and appealed to the experience of his hearers to say whether they did not feel in the Bible that they were brought face to face with God Himself, so as to lose sight of the personality of the aa'riters. For himself, he said he almost seemed to lose the blessedness Avhicli Avas promised to those Avho believed Chiuat Ai'ithout seeing Him, for He seemed to be Avith them in the corn-fields, or by the ,ake Genes.aret, Avheu reading the Gosiiel. The Bible needed no external authority, for it had the Avituess of a man's oAvn' spirit to its truth. To argue who came to teach him more than could be brought from the Bible, he Avould say "No, Ave sit on the same form, Ave belong to the same cl.ass, though you may be before me. One is our teacher. If you claim to be any thing more than a scholar, like myself, ' I am bound to vindicate the honour and the authority of the teacher, and I protest, and therefore rufuse submission. We recognise your superior attainments, and I confess my OAvn inferiority, and am thankful for your help ; but if you leave the form where Ave sit side by side, and get a desk of your OAvn, ami claim to bo a teacher, I remain in the class under the Great Teacher of us all — even Christ — who has promised He will lead us into all truth." When we a'indicate the right of private judgment, Ave are insisting on the UX VlXl lOUidill OUUI ULI receive the direct teaching of the Spirit of God. It Avas this directness of access to God aa'hich constitutes the great principle of Protestantism. The doctrine of justification by faith was simply the auswer of Protestantism to all hesitation and doubt, and the only way of coming home to God. Because Ritualism— which is Romanism without its dignity, and without its great tradi- fions — and Romanism demanded to come between him and God, he would plead to be loyal to the Protestant faith. But the weapons with which we fight must be spiritual and not carnal. The lectui'er here took occasion to disclaim any sym pathy with the meeting hi this country with reference to German policy. He said it to dis countenance the use of those weapons which Protestants had in their time suffered from. He would not have Protestantism to rely on the patronage of legislation and Parliaments. We should cherish .and defend the rights which had come to us from days more august than these, and which have been won for us by struggles of our fathers against the priests of Rome. We must maintain for every man the right to listen to that power of the Holy Ghost, which to him is the voice of God. — Rock. Vernon Boy Drowned. — A boy named William Bennet, belonging to the ship Vernon, while drawing a. bucket of water off the accomoda tion ladder, slipped, fell overboard and was drowned. 