PICKINGS PKOM MELBOURNE PUNOK A MBA FOB A BDaHWiv'B trnvq UUL '^MOownfaMJithe distant skeef As he strode down the block were a sight to behold A swell from the country, trimm'd. barber'd. and! At the play in the evening that Bushnuu was saem ? like a larrikin loafer, all ragged End torn. Ere the beams of the moruiug to quod h» m borne. For the lurinp Delilalis bad found him at Uit And his silver and gold were a thin^ of the piar And the headcf that Bushman was heavy and sor* And the wiles of the syrens could charm him uj more. Bent in twain was the coat that was lately so now. The bell.opper crushed and the boots dull of hue;' For a bobby h;.»l found him while pacing the beat. With his head on the keib, in the gutter his feet His pockets were empty, and his head in a whirl, As he brccouancd, 'lm hocusa'd and robb'd by a pirl; Wliere am I ? It's a cold sort of lodeing Tve found,' Said th- peeler, 'Uit up wid ye afl'av the ground.' tod when ten o'clock struck, both were seen ia the Court. When the Bushman was fined and rebuked by K Sturt: ind his bearing bo bold, with nil chaff and hjs- Sad all m'elted like snow at the voice of the Beak. XKLBOUBNB PUNCH TO YOUNG VIOTOBIA, My Dear Boy— What do you thiuk of your repre Kiitative institutions now? Your Parliimeat oar jcen neatly three months in session, and it hat lone— what? Mothing! Don't you begin t* feel Ubt a little sick of the dreary, the awfully costly arce? Of all the ccnttivancea invented by ti» nischievuusly misdirected ingenuity of man, surely :hi3 clumpy expedient of Parliamentary Govern ment is the must groteciiuely absurd, the most :hildi»hly ridiculous. You put seventy-eight me* in the Legislative Aa einbly to do cerUm work, irhich they carefully refrain from doiog. In its itead. they wrangle aad dispute from year's end to year's end. The place is not a manufactory of just and neccssarv laws, but an arena for the dis play of petty ambition, base intrigue, vulgar ani [nceitie*, sordid passion, and miserable factious ness. You have not got together the collective wisdom of the community, but its aggregate folly. The diicu8sioii3 which take placo exhibit ao trace of superior intelligence, no evidence of enlightened patiiotism. They are full of 'sound ind fury, signifying nothing.' Political life has iepenerat'd into an ignoble scramble for tho monopoly of the troughs containing the official ?wi 1 among a lot of self-assertive swine. Any pretext is held to be good enough to justify the iuspension of what is ironically called ''public jusincss,' and to establish a free fight. Read the iebates; and tell me if you are not ashamed of heir tone and temper, of the turgid twaddle that m talked, of the incessant obtrusion of personal lime, and the cpnntant subordination of the general welfare to individual interests. How Ion* lo you intend to tolerate an institution which ii nttrly effete, which has survived the state of lociety put of which it arose, and to which it was ippropriate, but which iH altogether unfitted to lie wants and circumstances of these times and of his country ? 1'ours truty, Melbourne Ponoh. A Pyrocbiptical Efftjsiok. This world is getting more and more utilitarian ivery day. Sir Henry Thompson, of scientific lotoriety, proposed to do an ay with cemeteries, ind resume the old system of cremation, restoring he ashes to the soil. Dr. Meild and Mr. Sydney jibbons Lave read papers on cremation here, the luliject has evoke 1 a good deal of atteutionia Europe, and Vienna is reported to hare adopted it. 3ut we claim for Vic:oria that it is not behind the ice, as we are aware that some months before Sir fenry Thompson's p^per saw daylight in the :olony a Company was in process of formation for he purpose ot carrying out similar views, namely, lispensing with crypt and cemetery, but carrying, hem much further. The Company bears the title of tho Pyrocrypta 'onipany, Limited, and proposes to utihzj all the liiTeunt products of the body, Hnder the iwperin codetce of an experienced chemist The object* if this Company may be perhaps better exeuiplitied tv the following effusion of a youthful member of :he utilitarian loveb's address to nra DTwa MISTRESS. Ah ! dearest maid, though now we put, I'll find for thy temaius a mart, And thy blest soul with joy shall see Us utilize each part of thee. Thy ospeous etrueture rightly burned 'Jo finest charcoal shall Be turned; The stcarine we will then prepare From thy sweet fat with greatest care, And run in moulds that I may see ' Short sixes' as a part of thee. The oils, of which you're not aware You have two kinds, I'll then prepare— The heavy one for cartwheel use, And from the other 'light' produce; Thy teeth, those lovely 'pearl reminders,'* We'll sell to those who're short oi grinders; Thoee beauteous locks, bo bright and fair. To those who've got but little hair. So fear not, sweetest, dearest ghost, That one small speck of the'll be lost, For what is left of thy dear frame Shall ut£d be, my dying flume, ' Ko particle be cast away, But reproduced in grass or hay. The man who does the funny column for tbo Government Gazette suggests that when cremation :omeu into fashion the daily papers should be :alled die-urn-als. Coroners are generally possessed of a sort of grim humour. One of these gentry was lately besot by i meddling individual. The Coroner testily ex pressed the wish that his next inquest would be on i busy ' body.' We notice over several butchers1 shops the word* ' Sinithfield Company,' and we wish to ascertain whether this U a joint-stock concern, and whether, so far as the supply of meat is concerned, the Com pany is limited. There are other questions which relate to butchers. It is worth knowing whether, if a butcher asks bis friends to spend an eventnc with him, he feels bound to give them beef-tea sui sweetbread and butter: and, when mutton falls in price, whether a butcher looka cbopf alien; also, when business is dull, it would lie correct for a butcher to grumble at trade being oilaL Hydrophobia does not always proceed from the bites of rabid animals. We know a man who halt such a horror of water that he never washes him self. Drinkers do queer things. A man recently took a 'nip' of whisky, and afterwards swallowed a brandy 'snap;' neither nips did him any good. UNSUITABLE SAYIXG4. For a Pastry Cook.— JTaint tart never won fair lady. For an Undeitaker.— Never say die. For a Tall Sweetheart.— Love mo tittle, but love For an Absent Mother-in-law.— When the cat is ?ivy Ay At/* For an GBcious Doctor.— Tia better to leave Ui» well alone. ? BICKST ZVKNTB. A yonng lady who bas fallen in love with a good* looking preacher complains of pulpitatiort of the ticart. * A ColliuB-streek tailor has remarked- that * 'tight fit' is often the result of ' loose habits.' Mr. Lauder, the riding-master, wishes- U ,to be understood that one of the horses used by his jupilfl is not & Circus- sian cream. The Governor and suite have lately inspected a. 'Idly11 manufactory, flis Excellency wished! success to the enterprise, but added- that ' sweeta'* ithe useso! adversity. ARITHMETICAL. Addition is an annual rule in some families* Multiplication is caused when, twins ot triplets Utive. Substractiop is a favourite rule with thieves^ Division is often caused by the presence of %. mother-in-hiw. ... Practice is adored b7 professional men. The rule of three is that two are company aoct Lhree noce. Three up is another kind, but happily act much in vogue. Proportion refers to a good figure; to be out ot it deuces a bad one. A FQuere root is sometimes corpulent in round DUjnbers, CHEA? BZCITSS. How to make economical custard for. a large party.— Take one tug, one lump, of sugar,, one? teaepoonful of milk, ditto flour, one drop ot essence of tamon, and one almond, beat up Hue. and mix with one bucket of water. How to dreEs goose.— Go to cheap drapers for clothing, and cheap toy shop3 for jewellery, buy gloves at an alarming sacrifice shop, and boots from sal? a v# store. Cook before looking-fda** 'Da serve upon block. To be taken with a spoon. Scotch esgnog.-Ono egg well whiske* one tumbler of water well whisked, sugar and lemon as desired. Put in a jug, and throw stone?.8»'v, Cos. by. Mrs. Gamp.-' When I am w djfPopS 1 can make conumbnims like other people, remarks the old lady, 'and ^refjajmt^-u I lost this ere umbrella, or wored 't^Vfr* would 1 dor 'Buy another V.', '** fffiSS one and not return iti' 'No. .VSViTmS? take steps to re-cover it. I shall tell this to Mrs. *%^er»BEvenineMea!.-H!sfr-app«*»aer. Paternal Achers.-Father's decayed teeth. Why is it Nonsense to Pnrchase aVioUn oa A8tni)ReMeanire.-Ay«d. ft lias three W«^ and yet cannot walk, Ufc3 