RUSSIAN FOLK-TALES.* (From the Times.) AT a fitting season, when one of our Princes was about to bring home as his bride a Russian Grand Duchess, Mr Ralston has added another to the works which have won him fame as an accomplished explorer in the field of Sclavonic folklore, and produced this volume, which will do more to show us what the Rus- sian people really are in their internal life than 20 volumes of travellers' notes jotted dawn as they rush through that vast Empire in a railway train. In these Skatkas, which answer to the Volksmaerchen of the Germans, and the Folke-Eventyr of the Norwegians, and which are commonly rendered in English as" Popular tales," the reader will find, according to Mr Ralston, a genuine talent for narrative, which distinguishes the Russian pesant from some of his more distant cousins. We find also that the language in which they are told is simple and quaint, the humour natural and unobtrusive, and the descriptions full of dramatic positions which give full scope to that taste for acting so widely spread in Russia, and which, affords an opportunity tor the display of the reciters mimetic talent."' It was not to be expected that in a land so tongue tied as Holy Russia still is much information should be gathered from these stories as to politics or religion, or those social inequalities which still prevail throughout that Empire; but the view which we obtain from them of the usual aspects of a Russian village, and the ordinary behaviour ot its inhabitants is all the more taking from the fact that in them the peasants live apart with their own cus- toms and traditions and beliefs, undisturbed either by that prescence or patronage of the great which bo often interferes in other countries to make rustif ilfe unreal, and rob it of its own charms, without supplying the loss with any fresh attractions in re- turn. In these Skazkass we discern the Russian village with its single street and wooden, barn-like huts, ' so different, says Mr Ralston ' from the deal English cottage, with its windows set deep in v>, and its porch smiling with rose ' "We see, he adds, " the wide sweep of the level corn held the gloom of the interminable forest, and the gleam of the slowly wiuding liver' The landscape is as slough of le pond when the snow melts in spung, a sea ot ,iefn m early summer, a bli/e of gold at harvest, »ne, and m the winter a vast sheet ot all but un roelden snow In such a village, and with such sur lound'ngB, the vost mass of the Rubsian Moujics live mt their dava devoted to their lehgion, lut, on the whole, if we may judge Irom these Talc, not particularly respecting rivr popes ' or inferior clergy The monotony of xictence is enlivened bj sangs ard choral dancea in the siioit cummer nights, by social gatherings m wintPr, wh n these lales are told mund the »tove which plays to important a part both in their real life md in thcr legends lhere in each cottage Wc behold the " comer of honour ' >n wbioh " the Holy pictures " of the saint3 are placed , we see, too, the ^ates of the house so often men'ioned, and the cellar eneath it which so often pfiords a] receptacle or a ttiuge in the e stones Out of doorB, on working ilayB, we see the peasants driving off in their long lines of cartB at early dawn to labour in the field tilt day is dono and they come creaking home at ere "îon-eiimts we accompany them to church on bimdajs md holy days, or to a wedding or a funeral O a the whole, we should say, from the evidence afforded by hese lales, that, with all his superstition and his undoubted fondness for the bottle, the life of the Kusbiun Moujic is as happy as is led by any of the ural populations of Europe, who, as H rule, have lost Mse tradmo lal sources of amusement which sa iboiind in Russia, and have never replaced them by ny other recreation higher than the conversation and merriment afforded at the tap of the village ale house. But though all this and much more information ai to the everyday life of the Russian people may be found in these Tales, the reeder,would be much mistaken if he supposed this to be all that Mr. Ralston's book contains. Besides the special attention which' he has paid to Russian folklore, the author is an accomplished and learned inquirer into the origin and, literature of popular Tales in general, and in this respect the volume may hold its own with any that have preceded, it. It is a fresh furrow driven across the vast field of oral tradition. The stories which Mr. Ralston has now translated are to be found in the originals in the collections of Afanasief, Khudyakof, Erlenvein, and Chudinsky, but few accounts, and no translations, of( them have hitherto been published out of Russia itself, and, except in the erudite, but, in our opinion,' very fonciful and unreal, work on Zoological Mytho- logy published last year by Professor Angelo de Gubernatis, little use had been made of them abroad for the purposes of comparative mythology till Mr. Ralston, already well known by his translations of Kriloff's Russian Fables and the Songs of the Russian People, turned his attention to the subject. As is well known, the existence of the greater part of the stories current among the various European peoples is accounted for on two different hypotheses-the one, as is asserted by Dr. Dasent in his introduction to the Tales from the Norse, that most of them were common, in germ at least, to the Aryan tribes before their migration west, and " that therefore these tradi- tions are as much a portion of the common inheritance of our ancestors as their language unquestionably is;" the other regarding at least a great part of them as foreign importations, Oriental fancies, originally introduced into Europe through a series of trans- lations. According to the first theory, "these Maerchen," as Max Muller says, "which nurses still tell in almost the same, words in the Thuringian Forest and in Norwegian villages, and to which crowds of children listen under the pepul trees of India," are the common heirloom of the Indo- European race; according to the other, the majority of Euro- pean, popular tales are merely naturalised aliens. As to the truth of either of these theories, Mr. Ralston appears to reserve his opinion for the present, and pro- ceeds in this volume to deal with the Russian folk- tale as he finds it, regarding rather its differences from stories of the same class current among ourselves or in other countries with which we are more familiar than with Russia, than the undoubted resemblances and repetitions which are common to them all. For ourselves, as to these conflicting theories, all that we have at present to aay is that as all the languages of Europe, with very insignificant exceptions, undoubtedly come from the East, and as the germs and the very stories now found in the West can be proved to have existed from time immemorial in India, it is probable that with the languages came the stories in the first instance. That other stories were afterwards introduced by trade or travellers is no contradiction, but rather a corroboration of this origi- nal theory ; the two, in fact, do not conflict ; and the one is not a contradiction, but a supplement to the other. It is probable also that closer inquiry will prove that the stories introduced, by the second method will be found to be stories, or bits of stories, already reduced to writing in the East, and not at all true popular tales, the essence of which is in all times and ' 'Russian Folk Tales, by W R. S Ralston, M A, of thè British Museum, &c;, Sniithand iUcr, Waterloo-place. . ' >.,.. ,¡J¡ i . -1 ,.t i: MI.. \ . i in all lands that they should be caught alive, as it were, out of the mouths of the people, and not dead and at second hand as they 'are when reduced to' narratives in written books. The stories, for instance in the collection of tales and instances, known as the Calumnia Novercalis, or the Stepdame's Hatred, as, well as by other names' throughout the middle ages, are of quite another stamp and line than those of true popular tales. As we read them we hear the pen uavellirg over the paper, enll not the voice of the beldame reciting them to her grand-children over the embers of the cottage fire. But to return to these Russian stories. As is well known, the popular tales of each race have a character of their »wn. The Italian are more1 i lately, the French more pohYned, the Norwegian more home1}' and hearty, the Swedish more Btilted.| Of these RusBian Skazkaa we should say, after a perusal of this volume, that they are more wild and bloodthirsty and horrible. In the Norwegian stories,! for instance, and, in fact, in all that belongs to the| Teutonic or Gothic races, man always remains master, tit the position in that endless struggle which theyj display between mother-wit and hrute force. From the very first wc feel ture that Boots will beat thej Troll out of the field, just aB Tom Thumb is certain ta win in his conflict with, the .huge and stupid Ogre' This feeling of conscious superiority against all odds' is but natural in Taces so capable of holding their own ag the Teutonic races have always proved themselves to be. Their view of existence, with ull its troubles, is cheerful and bright ; humour, and not melancholy,' is the characteristic of their stories. In these Hussian storits, with all the dexterity and cleverness of the hero, an underlying feeling of gloomy meian-1 choly can be traced, with a brooding dread of the fell power of the supernatural powers. All the giants and ogres of Scandinavia and the West, and all their mothers and sisters and grandmothers, can avail1 nothing, with all their enmity to man, to hurt one hair, of the poor child of man who for the moment has fallen into their power. If they are going to chop off his head, ho has a trick by which their own heads fall on the block ; if they are going to boil him into broth, he finds a way to boil one of the giant's family instead.1 The rule is invariably this, and ns soon as ever the hero of a story come3 into the giant's houie we' know it is all over with the giant and his kith' and kin. Very different is the power attri- buted in these Russian stories to the horrible ogress called the Roba Yaga/a tall, gaunt hag who lives in a mansion which reminds one of Dahomey and Ashantee palaces, all fenced in by dead men's bones, and lighted at night by skulls, out of which ceirpse-caneilcB glare. ThiB monster not only threatens to eat men up, but actually eat3 them. Her power, in fact, appears equal to her will, and, if mea escape fiom her clutches, it is but by accident. We account for her prominence in the3e storie3, and for the melancholy subjection in which men seem to stand to her, by the history of the race itself, and by the 'jranny which it suffered in bygone ages from blood- thirsty Tartars and other Turanian races, who for long periods of time were not subdued, like the Lap- pish and Finnish races by the Goths and Teutons, but lorded it over the Sclavonic people3 as sanguinary invaders and conquerors. Still more horrible, and affording a further example t of vampires, men eaters of men, of which several are ] told in this volume. The belief that the spirits ofj .witches and wizards, how,ever -wicked they may have' been during their lives, could after death resume their shnpe3, leave their grave3, and wander about, is very different from that which fancied that ghosts, or what ire called disembodied t>piiits, could walk and haunt nouses and persons after death. The Sclavonic vam- pire ia quite another conception ; whether it be the ^irit oí the dead that returns to reoccupy the corpse "r a malignunt demon that possesses it, the vampire i» an embodied spirit, and appears both willing und ¡ebie to do tenfold the harm that the same oody did while alive. There is, indeed, a alight re- semblance to such a belief in some of the Icelandic Ghost Stories, and Glam in Grettir is for a northern ¿host terribly strong, but even ho is no such blood- thirsty malignant being as the vampire in the follow-, iii? ate rv ! " TUE Two COMBES. " A foldicr had obtained leivjj to go home on furlough io pray to the Holy Image», und to bow down before his, tareras. And as he was going his way at a time when the, Min had long set und nil was dark around, it charred that ho had io pas S by n grave-yard. Just then he heard that1 -onie one WUB i anning after him and crying '" Stop; you can't escape.' ,1 " Ho looked back, and there was a corpse runnintr and , unashin? its teeth. The soldier sprang on one Bide with alL ' his might to get away from it, caught sight of a httlo thnpel, and bolted straight into it. " There was not a toni in the chapel, but Btretchod out on a table there lay another corpäe, with tapers burning in front of it. The eoTdier hid himself in a corner, andre- i niaincd there hardly knowing whethor ho was alivo or dead ' but waiting to see what would happrn. Presently up ran the first coipsc-the one that had chased the soldier, and daphed into the chapel. Thereupon the one that was lying on the t« bio jumped up and oried toit :- , .' 'What has thou come for '(' I " ' I've chaied a soldier in here, so I'm going to oat 'i'm.' I " ' Como now, brother, he's run into my houce ; I shall »at himinytelf.' " ' No, I shall.* "« No, 1 sholl.' " And they sot to work fighting till the dust flew like any ib'og. They'd have gone on lighting ever so much .onper only the cocks began to crew. Then both tho corpses fell lifeless to the ground, and the soldier went on h>s way homeward in peace saying, ' Glory be to thes, O , hord. I nm saved from thd wizards.' " It is only among Sclavonic races, say» Mr. Ralston, " ¿Sclavonic by tongue as well as descent, that the genuine vampire tales flourish most luxuriantly." If they are found among the Albanian and the I modern Greeks, it is only because those races are in i colily much moic Sclavonic than Greek. In the ñusíian Empire the bellefin vampires mostly prevails ti White Russia, but the ghastly bloodsucker, the apir, whose name has become naturalized in so many; lands under forms which resemble our "vampire," listurbs the peosant mind in many other parts of the umpires. One tribe says that when a vampire, who u his life, we ore sorry to say, may have been a most respectable member of society, wakes from his sleep n the grave and feels a thirst for blood he "begins to < .¡naw his hands and feet, and as he gnaws, '' >ne after another, first his relutious and then his neighbours, sicken and die. When, like a bear,' ne hus eaten up his own store of flesh he -ometimcB rises at midnight and kills cattle, or, worse -«lill, climhB a belfry and bounds the bell. All who hear the ill-omened tones will soon die. But.gene- rally he sucks the blood of the sleepers in the approved old fashion ; next morning they will be found dead with a very small wound on the left side of the breast,1 exactly ovtr the heart. The following is a very uncanny story of one of,these fellows. One night a peasant meets a man who leads him to a house in which lie two sleepers-an old man anda youth. The stranger takes a pail, places it near the youth, and .«trikes him on the back. Immediatelv the back opens and forth flows rosy blood. The stranger alls the pail full and drinks it dry. Then he fills another pail with blood from the old man, slakes hiB brutal thirst,« and says to the peasant, .. It begins to gTow light ; let us go back to my dwelling," which proved, of course, to be au open grave. We have dwelt on these wild and horrible super- stitions rather than on the many humorous ones which! are to be found in this volume because they illustrate in our opinion better than any others the peculiarly) wild and melancholy feeling of the race. Before these terrible powers and even against man himself when repossessed either by his own wicked spirit ora ma- lignant fiend the natural man seems .power- less in these Russian stoiies. Very seldom is, he able to cope with them by his own mother wit.' By the 'aid of other supernatural powers, aad, especially if he ÍB devout, and a faithful worshipper of the Saints, of which the Russian calendar is fully he may defeat Baba Yagas and Vampires, but in our! opinion that self-reliance which explains at once both, the histoiy and the legends of the Teutonic races is seldom brought into play in Sclavonic stories. ^ Both! races in one part of their religious beliefs felt weighed down by fate and destiny. The Teuton fought against fate and conquered it, The Sclave succumbed to it for generations with scarcely a struggle. No wonder1 then that the legends of the one are bright and hope- ful, and of the other melancholy aud despondent. ¡ In conclusion, let us say that even with all its wild ness this volume will be found very pleasant reading. These ¿stories contain ' more surprises for the reader, than most popular tales, where ,the end can be cer- tainly anticipated, as the hero and heroine are sure to have it all their own way. As a general rule, virtue! is rewarded and vice punished in the Russian* Skatkas¡ ? but the process is not so unifoim, and therefore is less monotonous than in some other popular tales. We believe the translation to be excellent and faithful,' and certainly Mr. Ralston ha« made the original Russian run into the purest mother English. In ad- dition, he- has illustrated his originals by comparisons' with other well-known collections, and from this laborious and scientific point of view has left nothing undone that good scholarship could desire. , 