NOTES FBOV MAORI UND. (FfiOU OUR OWN OORRSSPONDSNT.) Wellington, April 4. On Thursday the Engioeer-in-Chief — who, I may mention, is eon of the well- known Dr. Carruthers, of Inverness — passed over the Wellington and fiott railway, for the par pose of inspecting it. The contractors de olare that their work is complete, and if the Engineer-in-Chief is of the same opinion, the line will be taken possession of by the Government, and opened for traffic in the oonrse of next week. This line indicates in a small way the difficulties that attend rail way construction in this most moun tainous of colonies. ' It is the southern sec tion of what will hereafter he the great trunk line of the Northern Island, raining right throQgh the land to the extreme northern settlements ; yet it is almost laughable in its appearance. The terminus is only a tem porary one, and distant about a mile from the city, for the land for the station— and in time it will have to be a big one, to accom modate the expected traffic — has yet to be reclaimed from the sea. The line is some nine or ten miles long, so far as completed, hot it is beiog rapidly pushed northwards np the Hutt Valley, where some difficult works have been accomplished, and is on the Fairlie puage, and the sharpDess of the carves in some places would astonish an engineer of the Brunei school. When Wellington was first settled, the rocky and mountainous bank of the harbour was so close to the water, that for the whole distance there was only a narrow footpath between them. A road was formed by cutting down the hill6 and filling np the water. The railway runs outside the road, and has literally been built in the sea, the rails lying upon an arti ficial embankment all the way. This bit of line has been over two years in course of constmction, and has cost some £30 000 — an enormous sum, when the work done is looked at. This rosd and this rail, how ever, offered the only means of reaching the fioe valley of the fi utt and the rich plains of Wairarapa, uh-re agricultural laud is now fetchiog from £12 to £15 per acre. When passing along the line, it is not a little in teresting to notice the evidences of the frightful state of oocertainty in which the fitst settlers here were placed. Ou the pre cipices and in the hollows of the hills in the teo miles to the month of the Hutt river, thrre were then not l«ss than twelve forti fied pahs— fortified not against the white men, but against the incursions of the Tara uaki natives ai>d others, who regularly visited this part of the coast to procure a change of diet ! FiBh tbey bad io plenty, bnt feru-tree root was iosipid, and pigeons and pork were tiresome when served up alternately day after day. They were strong and vigorous, and had powerful appetites, and so a sud leo descent by sea upon an unsuspecting tribe afforded an easy meau6 of obtaining a can nibal feast. Wars were got up for the express purpose of a few hear.y dinners ; and to prevent these surprises, as far as possible, by the more powerful tribes, these fortified pahs were necessary. About five miles out from the ci y was a great pah — the castle of a distinguished Chief, where he resided with his family, his clansmen, his slaves, and bis inanimate goods, lie died some years ago, and his war canoe buried half deep, with the prow upwards, near the grave of the warrior, remains his monnmeot to this day. Twenty- eight years ago in this month of April, this particular part of the settlement was a scene of great excitement. The settlers had friendly allies, but they were not powerful enough to interfere effectually between them ana the i hostile tribes who occasionally met to dis cuss the propriety of killing and eating their white invaders. These "wild men of the hills" had comedown in numbers, and driven in the outsettlers. Several of the latter had been murdered, and their cattle killed, or " lifted" in themost approved border fashion. One important chief of the Upper Hutt, Bua- parharua, had promised the whites his pro tection, but was found to be in communica tion with a more powerful lord further in the interior, whom he was urging to come down with all the men he could master, and make an end of the troublesome Fakehas. Friend- lies, to whom the governor had giveo arms and ammunition, joined the enemy. There were detachments of three regiments in camp, or in armed outlying poets ; there were one or two of Her Majesty's frigates in the bay ; the settlers were nearly all militia men or armed volunteers ; and yet even the armed posts were rushed, furious and bloody affrays with the soldiery were of con stant occurrence; the settlers were appre hensive that no crops could be sown that season ; and the greatest possible alarm was exhibited, while "more men from England" were hoped for to defend the settlement. The question was, whether Wellington, which was then six years old, should not be aban doned, and -the inhospitable hills left to the fierce race which inhabited them. If the ghosts of defnnct Bangatiras revisit the glim«se8 of the moon, old Hnapahrua will be somewhat astonished to see the iron horse snorting along a railway made in the sea, and handsome villas standing, or in conrse uf erection, where bis tattooed warriors were 8" formidable little more that twenty years ao. Talking of Maoris, there has been qute au emigration of them from the neighbourhood of the capital witbiu the last few days. A large numl>er of the prisoners, taken in the last war in the upper parts of Tarauaki, were permitted to reside in the n«-ighbou>bood of Welliogtoo, and es|>ecialiy about the old cul tivations or their former enemies. Toe Go vernment now sees do necessity to treat them with suspicion. The Maori trouble — 1 may again remark— is over ; and ever)' coach lately from the city for Tarauaki has been loaded with Maorit-e— male and female, old aod young, each carrying a full share of bun dles— bound for theirold h«»mes around M<<uot Emonl. One of the old Kangatirae thus re moving, addressed ooe of the honorable native ! members of the Legislative Council the other day. The native legislator bad iusoine man ner amused the passionate ire of the old chief. Denouncing him for his pretensions, and hiB treatment of the native nubility, he-warmed him up in good set terms, and drawing him self np with great dignity, said to him in good English — 44 Remember, sir, you were once my slave !" There is war raging between the general Government and that of the Province of Wel lington. The latter wants to borrow some £175,000 for works of improvement, and had obtained the promise of a loan from the Bank of New Zealand on special securities. Mr. Togel holds that , Provincial borrowing "at huge " is dangerous to the interests both of the province and the colony, hot he is not unwilling that the general Government shonld lend the money to that of the province for the contemplated works, which comprise road making, bridge building, land reclama tion from the sea, Ac. This, however, did not meet the views of the Superintendent and the Treasurer, who assembled the Council, passed a bill hastily (as I have already re ported to yon), in the absence of the Go vernor. Ac&ng; upon this authority, the Treasurer (Mr. Bunoyjlom. M time. He ob tained a warrant -from the Provincial Au,r for the whole sum — £50,000— which the Council had sanctioned as an immediate loan, although scarcely any portion of the amouot was due, and the Auditor had not satisfied himself that the money was legally available. The general Government at once interfered. The Auditor was suspended (as I think, I mentioned in a previous letter), and on the return of .the Governor to town, be was dis missed, and the act of the Council disallowed. The new auditor declined to certify to pay ments until the warrant for £50,000 was dis allowed, and a deadlock was the consequence, so far as Treasury payments were concerned, law was resorted to immediately - by the Superintendent, compel the new Auditor to ago warrants ; the Attorney General resisted; and in the meantime it was discovered that the Provincial Treasurer bad obtained £20,000 in. two earns of £10,000 each, under she dis puted- warrant,, for the Provincial account, and had opened a new "Provincial account No. 2," on which he alone bad power to operate, and over which the Provincial Audi tor had no control. Out of this account some £600 or £700 had been drawn in payment of accounts fur works, and during the heariog of the case the balanoe was restored by Mr. Bunny to the account from which it had been taken. The General Government has been successful in carrying out its views in the matter, and some sharp -things hare been said in the journal of thiaritj, which is supposed to be inspired by the Government, as to the action of Mr. Bunny in the matter. This, how- c.'rv zb ooly.cne. phase of ' vn old qnarrel between Mr. Vogeland Messrs. Fitzlierberfcatid Buncy, for. in Parliament they have been: troublesome, outside of it they have been per- ' eunalfy in suiting— tbey are " smai« menand pot altogether » free frpm doubt® as GffWtf'e wife was expected to be. " The feed Mecpher- sou swore" was nothing to the fight to which they have committed themselves with Mr. VogeL The latter has had much the best of it in tbts Izst passage of arxne£ but tbe Superintendent and Treasurer — Siamese twins in the Provincial Government — have been " greatly daring" in tbe service of the Province, and the Provincials will forgive them a good deal for what they have done though their last proceedings have been somewhat shady. Too, of course, have received tire news of the total wreck of the ehip Wellington and barque Cyrus, on a dark and stormy night, a few miles outside of Wellington harbour, with the loss of several of the crew. The only lady passenger by the Cyrus, was killed by the fall of the mast, on the deck house where she was sheltered, -and her two children were drowned. A melancholy tiling happened a day or two afterwards, a res pectably dressed elderly lady, was seen wandering along the road at Thorndon Quay one afternoon, the tide was out. She went on the sands, and sat quietly down. The water came up and surrounded her, hut she sat stilL Some passers waded out to her, when she told them in a quiet bnt anxious voice, that she was waiting foi her daughter to come to her. She was the mother of the poor killed and drowned woman, and her loss had unsettled her reason. Immigrants pour in, but since free passages have been granted, the description of persons who have come out, has not been altogether satisfactory. The last ship which arrived here brought 300 immigrants among whom there were some forty-two single women, and several young girls, fit for nurse maids. They were for some days in quaran tine, aod since they have landed, both men and women have been behaving themselves rather strangely. Quite a number of the men have made tbeir appearance in the police court for drankeoness and disorderly conduct, while the women have not estab lished a particularly good reputation by their behaviour, when in quarantine. They were able to signal the ship, as she lay at anchor, and after soaset it was no uncommon thing to see the black heads of a dozeo of the sailors at a time, bobbing about io the water, as tbey swam ashore, fearless of tbe abound ing sharks, like so many Leandera of tbe Hellespont. Sir James and Lady Fergusson have made a visit to tbe celebrated country around Lake Taupo. They have seen the hot springs, which are a great curiosity, and have been well received by tbe friendly aod nentral natives, while even the Hau-Haus, who took part, out of curiosity, in the reception of Sir James, have not hesitated to confess tbeir approval of bis speeches to them. Sir James did not absolutely enter the real rebel terri tory, but he skirted it, aod there is no doubt that his visit will complete the good work of reconciliation now going on. At one of his baitiog-pUces the chiefB preaeuted tbe Gover nor wuti a whalebone mere, reminding him that instruments of that kind were do longer necessary, as Maories and Pakeh&s; were now living in peace. Sir James, in return, gave his principal host his own field-glass. Notwithstanding tbe mishap to the Mac- gregor, and the detention of the City of Mel bourne for four or five days, the San Fran cisco mail service may now be regarded as in full, and we hope soon to say, satisfactory ojieratioo. The chief detention of the mail, which reached Auckland on Wednesday, was due, you will observe, to the foolish action of the postal authorities in London, in sending I the mails across tbe Atlantic to Boston, by a i slow steamer, instead of by ooe of the fast Liverpool and New York linen. Her Majesty's ship Challenger has arrived opportunely to take soundings between New South Wales and New Zealand for tbe sub marine cable, which will noon be laid, under the joint guarantee of New South Wales, ; Qaeenslaod, and New Zealand, of a moderate fixed rate of interest on the cost of the line. You may not be aware that the soundings hitherto made have not extended more than 250 miles from the coast of New South Wales, or not more than a fourth part of the distance. The bottom of the ooean was funnd to deepen rapidly from tbe Australian shore, and the sounding-line was lost when 2500 fathoms had been ran out without bot tom being struck. Extremes meet. The Gaelphs reign in England, and are usefully, but considerably less gloriously occupied in New Zealand. I met ooe of them io Nelson. He is a great politician, and a thorough4 Tory." How could it be otherwise, "he said, 44 when he was bore at Windsor, and inherited the politics of that regal seat 1 I am a Tory, sir, to the back bone, and £ glory in iL." He is said to be tbe son of a gardener's daughter, who had occa sion to sing "Love among the roses." He has the features of his grandpapa, the fourth George, and he combines Toryism with the duties of a nightman. 