Pickings from Melbourne Punch A PRACTICAL SABBATARIAN. Little Girl—When am I to have a new doll, mamma? Mamma—Don't bother, child, When two Sundays come together. Little Girl—Really and truly. Well then I'll have my doll next Monday, because Saturday is the Jew's Sunday, and our Sunday is next day—there now." Idiotic Things to Do. —Calling at the Town Hall, and asking to be shown the Mayor's nest. Any one but an Irishman trying to get into the police. Trying to find out the ingredients of pork sausages. Buying a horse from a friend. Endea- vouring to raise a hundred pounds when hard up. Backing somebody's bill. Marrying a young lady who constantly does the block. Interfering in con jugal quarrels. Taking a chance in an Art Union. Sea bathing in the depth of winter. Wearing fashionable boots. Having a mother-in-law to stay with you. Travelling in a cheap excursion train; and most of all, not subscribing to Melbourne Punch. Marked Intelligence — Balloons have an upward tendency. The feathers of young goslings are down. Pens, ink, and paper are still stationery. Game is frequently high. Still wives are quiet. Guns go off easily. Puddles are stag nant. Proper Places.—For Scotch children—Bairns dale. For toothless folk—Chewton. For cautious people — Warn-em-bull. For breakfasting— Hot ham. For actors—Kew. For sporting men—Bar one and Bet Bet. For a Crowlands member Wood's Point. For fanciful people—Whimmera. For lazy men—Mount Rouse. For dull people— Bright. For topers—Brandy-hot. For swells— Dandy-nong. For loafers-Idle-berg. For early birds—Morning-ton. For Yankees—Whittle-sea. For willing people—Yea. For travellers—Home eo. For vegetables—Greensborough. For blue stockings—Indigo; and for Willy and Polly— Williamstown and Maryborough. A Programme for a Good Concert.—a triangular trio; a duet on one Jew's harp; a bass solo on the double drum; a sonato ou the bones; a fantasia on a door scraper; all ale quart ette; the Rational Anthem on a small tooth comb would take well at a Lunatic Asylum. On the Equine Race.—The genus is called the horse race, as a matter of course, and the racehorse of course belongs to the genus. He runs for, and on plates on which he puts his stakes. He does not eat the stakes, the cabhorse being the only car nivorous member of the family. The norse is not a sailor, although he belongs to the fleet. The sea horse does not go well either in saddle or Harness. A tailor's carriage is never drawn by clothes horses, nor is a bathing-machine drawn by towel horses. Whipped creams never bolt. War horses are favourite ones with lawyers, being useful to charge with. The man who exhibits his (s)talking horse will make more money than the owner of the hairless one. Of the latter it never can be said, peace be to their manes. The Centaur was the original horsey man. The American speeies of the crossbred horse is the one- half horse, half alligator. Horsey people of course speak with no(a)rse voices, Rot Wisely but Too Well.—The love of ladies for alarming sacrifices and bankrupt sales. The Best Sign of the Zodiac.—When it has a good balance. The Worst Sign of the Zodiac.—When crabby. A Trade Question.—Are the employes of a timber merchant on board wages. To Architects.—Haunted houses are made up of ghost stories. A Young Financier's Query.—Should pocket money be kept in a purse ? The Worst Factories in the World.—Where men can make a fuss, where mistakes are made, and messes manufactured. A Carpenter's Failing.—His vice. One who Studies " Appearances."—The thea li ical critic. A Dark Question.—Can an unlucky negro he an unlucky night. Toper's Motto.—Beer and for beer. A Private Detective.—Conscience. A Fatal Flower.—Heart (di)sease. A School Question.—When the moon went to school, who paid her first quarter ? Material for a Fancy "Ball" Dress.—Shot silk. Original Setter —The hen. Proper Place for Decayed People.—The ceme tery. The Burden of the Author's Song.—Write-toual Pedal Elasticity.—Bending one's footsteps. A Word with a King to It.—Marriage. When is an Idea like a Clock?—When it strikes one.l Harmonious Soldiers—Opera troops. When do you Bejewel Fowls?—When you wring their necks. A Quack Medicine.—Voice lozenges. The Organ of Erm—The "nation." Proper Salutation for a Horse.—Good hay to you. Oxcheek—Bullying impudence. Over-bearing.—Egg ilip-pancy. Unwise Exhibition of Plumage.—Showing the white feather. Lachrymose Explosion.—Bursting into tears. A Violinsinuation.—You can't play the fiddle. Commercial Perfume.—The smell of the shop. 