ftmpdtmune^uuft. A Pyro-jbiptical Effusion. Xuis world is getting more and more utilitarian every day. Sir Henry Thompson, of scientific notoriety, proposed to do away with cemeteries, and resume the old system of cremation, restoring the ashes to the soil. Dr. hfeild and Mr. Sydney Gibbons bare read papers on cremation here, the subject has evoked a good deal of attention in Europe, and Vienna is reported to have adopted it. But we claim for Victoria that it is not behind the age, as we are aware that some months before Sir Henry Thompson's paper saw daylight in the colony a Company was in process of formation for the purpose of carrying out similar views, namely, dispensing with crypt and cemetery, but carrying them much further. The Company bears the title of the Pyrocrvptal Company, Limited, and proposes to utilize all the different products of the body, under the superin tendence of an experienced chemist. The objects of thiB Company may be perhaps belter exemplified by the following effusion of a youthful member of it:— THE UTILITARIAN LOVER'S ADDEE35 TO HIS MISTRESS. Ah! dearest maid, though now we part, I'll find for thy remains a mart And thy blest soul with joy shall see Us utilize each part of thee. Thy osseous structure rightly burued ; To finest charcoal shall he tarred; The stearine we will then prepare From thy sweet fat with greatet care. And run in moulds that I may tee "Short sixes" as a part of thee. The oils, of which you're not avare You have two kinds, I'll then prepare— x The heavy one for cartwheel use, ** And from the other "light" produce: Thy teeth, those lovely "pearl rani riders," We'll sell to those who're short ol grinders; Those beauteous locks, so bright aid fair, To those who've got but little nair. » So fear not, sweetest, dearest ghost, That one small speck of the'll be lost, For what is left of thy dear frame Shall used be, my dying flame. No particle be cast away, But reproduced in grass or hay. Not possessed of Grave Ideas.—Crenntionists.B The Latest Thing in Goats.—Fresh Paint. Motto for Hosier.—True to the " last." The Original Singer's Machine.—The shroat. Often dropped, but never picked up.—A. curtsey. K Singular Affair.—A youth was discovered yes terday with his voice broken. The perpetrator lias not been discovered. Really Horrible,—A double-dy ed villain sends us the following:—Why is bed- ticking like themurder of your mother? Because it is mattress hide. * A Bankruptcy Question.—Can a new insolvent be regarded as a novelty ? And does any one know the age of an old one? .... A "Select" Lot.—Those looking after allotments of land. . . _ Has too much of his own weigh,—The retailer of the present day. Bis "Sole" object,—Sending a leaky boot to the cobbler. • f A traveller was asked what foreign women lie most admired. Amongst a number be mentioned tbe following Polly-nesia, Bessy-rabia, Sal amanca, Moll-davia, Sue- ez, Iiiz-bon, and Patty gonia. A Guard on tbe Victorian Railways accounts for so many carcases of oxen and sheep coming toy rail to Melbourne because Melbourne is the meat ropolis of the colony. The man who does the funny column for the Government Gazette suggests that when cremation comes into fashion the daily papers should he called die-um-als. Coroners are generally possessed of a sort of grim humour. One of these gentry was lately beset by a meddling individual. The Coroner testily ex pressed tbe wish that his next inquest would be on a busy "body." We notice over several butchers1 shops the words " Smithfield Company," and we wish to ascertain whether this is a joint-stock concern, and whether, so far as the supply of meat is concerned, the Com pany is limited. There are other questions which relate to butchers. It is worth knowing whether, if a butcher asks his friends to spend an evening withhim, he feels bound to give them beef-tea and sweetbread and butter: and, when mutton foils in price, whether a butcher looks chop fallen; also, when business is dull, it would be correct for a butcher to grumble at trade being offai. Hydrophobia does not always proceed from the bites of rabid animals. We know a man who has such a horror of water that he never washes him self. Drinkers do queer things. A man recently took a "nip" of whisky, and afterwards swallowed a brandy "snap;" neither nips did him any good. A Jewish gentleman in .Melbourne often makes a joke at the expense of his race. He wonders why Jews refuse pork, when, as everybody knows, they are of the seed of Abra-bam. 