. THE " JAMES PATERSON." Yesterday morning ubout eleven tlio Quoons- \- land roturned from Mast-head Itocf, whore sho has been for the last ton days attending on the Jantos Pntersou, which lies stvniidod on tlio vnof Qttn Intnturltf Wlfll llPf illl fillft MPffO tllftf) wna in tlio Paterson, wifcli the exception of tlio periahttblo artioles, sucli as maize, bran, aud wnfnfnoe vrifidornd useless from the notion of' the salt water. Captnin Brooks, his offloers, and men have been working in tlio most indefatigable mannor at Masthead Reef, aud havo done everything in their powor to rclcaso the ship from her position, in wliinlithey would have succeedod had not tlio tow ropos brol-on. Nearly every package of the Pntorson's oargo ltas hoon.saved, although some of it is in- a badly damaged state. Mr. Glaokin's horses wore also resetted from the steamer, and ho has reason to be thankful to Cap tain's Brooks end Richards for the extreme exertions they made in order to save them oil if possiblo. One of the Queensland's seamen (Etnanttol Smith) is deserving of high commendation for his plucky conduct in saving one of the hoveos, a valuablo animal, from drowning. It appears that tho way the horses wore roloasod was by slinging them over tlio side of the Pntersou into the soa, anil then with a tov' vopo tho boat ptdled t-liom to tho Queensland on to whiolt (hoy wore liuidcd tip by means of slings. As one of the boats in which Smith was towing a horse, tho brute slippod his headstall, and turning round, at tempted to Bwini back. Smith, immediately he bb.w that the brute must drown, and gallantly jumped into tho seal which wiis vunning pretty high at the time, unci got on hit bank, calling out lustily for help to onpturo htm. The horse oontimiod to Bwim out to sea, and tho boat pulled towards thorn, and when o.oso ouougli hove a rone to Smith, who managed to moke a tow-line fast around liim, unci he and his rider wero hauled up after a most hazardous Bwim, ttB within a few hours afterwards' no less than ton sharks of gigantic proportions were cantured in tho same placo. One of tlio horses gave up tile ghost on bis way up, but Still Mr. Glackin has reason to congratulate hintsSlf that he hnsmdw till but two of hir, -original-shipment. Inojdar that our readers may bo fully aware of the meauB taken by the A.S.N. Oo. to save as much as.possiblo of tits cargo, we subjoin the following roport of the doings of . the Queensland since ebe cleft on Thursday weok last : — Left Rockbampton on Thursday. 29th, for Masthead Reef, where . (the arrived in the course of the afternoon, and immediately com menced opars lions by embarking the horses from tbc Paterson. Wo anchored close in the reef about a third of "a mile from tho Btranded steamer. Towards niglit tho weather became very thick and dirty, and Captain -Brooks thinking it prudent, to anchor in open wntor, steamed away until next morning (Friday), when nil hands tot to work with a will to save the 'eargo, whiolt was conveyed' to the Queens- land'in boats. On viowing the Paterson, tlio fnunlinlrl 1>,|/1 litli llitlit U'oiAS 111 if fill) and upper holds boing full. All that clay eargo was shipped on board tho Queensland and at night we again proceeded to our former safe anchorage. During tbc night it blow very hard from the. S.E., but the Quoeuslnnd was equal to the ouicrgenoy and rode it out well. Oo' Saturday tho. evening tide boing towards the full and all the, oargo out except the coals, Captain Brooks thought he might bo able to float her, and tho Boomerang heaving in -eight during the niorbiug. Captain Brooks sent to Captain Edmonstone, asking him to assist in tho attempt to float the Pntersou. ' The captain nf tho Boomerang most courteously consented, although ho had a number of passengers aboard, and lont tlio whole of Ins orow aud firemen to Captain Brooks for tho purpose, both cotnmandors feel ing confident thoy would bo able to jtull ltor off. The Boomorang remained by all night, and noxt day (Sunday) at 3 a.m. tho orews of ' both ships commenced pumping and baling, which they did so effectually as to nearly free her of every drop of water, when tho Queensland took her in- tow, and after moving hor for abont 40 foot the bowline unfortiuiately gave way. By this time the full spring tide had done; and Cnptain Edmous-n finding ho could be of no \- further use proceeded on his voyage to Brisbane. On Monday -at 4 a.m., all hands went on board and prepared all available coal baskets as bailers ' by covoring them withjjeanvass ; they lifted the ship's trmlier and elearedawny places for bailing as also the decks to work tho bowline. Captain Brooks intended to make tutotner attempt to pull her off, but it canto on to blow heavy from SE, necessitating the winding down of nil yards and topmasts to keep the ship from bumping \- heavily against tho reef, and as tho wind re created the attempt had to bo abandoned. On Tuesday at 6 a.m.. Captain Brooks watered bis , ship from thu Fiiternpn's tanks, uiul intended . again |o try to float the ratursoit, but as the -wi ld (lid not decrease it bad to bo abandoned. . On Wednesday the sett wont down considerably, enabling the men to got to work at tho pumping gear, and in a- Hltort ,,time she was almost dry at low water, whiolt gave tut opportunity to them to secure all cargo which was floating about in, tho after hold. On" Thursday the high wind and sea prevented \- anything further being dime, nml uompollod Captain Brooks, for safety, to anchor in open water at a p.m. - Tho Florence Irving was sighted shortly after, spoke- Captain Brooks desiring hits to proceed to ICoppol Boy, owing to tho boisterous wo|ttlior, for tlio purpose of teansbipping all tho appliances and the uieti front tho Florcnoe;'so at 11 p.m. tho reef was cleared, and lioppel Bay readied about -1 a.m. Tito stores, &o.;, ware immediately transhipped, aud Iho Florence' Irving proeood on her way to the Endeavor, tho Queenslaiul coming mi to Ih cklinniplott. which sho reached by 11 11 clock. j Captain Richards and his' chief officer havo 0 taken ,up their bortli on tho stranded ship, and .- .-intend, staying -there until the Queensland rc- ri tuynsb tlio -reef. Thoy have Buffered very con siderably by their exposure to the weullicr, uud are minium of us working like niggers, uhidtlv below, aud. up. to i licit-necks itt water. All " '(hut is loft onTiViird flow' tire 0 eases claret, one "package Chinese goc-ds, awl it bundle of buekets all of whiolt will ho breuight up by thoCnoons- land this trip. It is Uieeonftdcutopiuiou of all who have soett tho oteainer its situ is, that she will bp got off next springs, and linyond a slight damage to hot- plates, nothing more periouB is apprehended. Tho tvholu of hor machinery is intact-, and it is asserted that after Captain Monro gets his moil and appliances in full play, thoy will Bpoodily bo sot in motion to keop hor freo \vliilo the carpenters 'and ship wrights slop tho k-|tks. 