The Haunted House. (A Complete Tale.) GOLDEN sunbeams danced through the trees, throwing flickering shadows on the smooth green sward. The west wind breathed gently its cooling breath, and the happy birds twittered in their leafy coverts. The fitful sound of music and the hum of gay young voices floated out of the open window of Eaton Villa. A slight, girlish form parted the sweeping curtains, and flitted out into the broad verandah. A happy smile lighted up her fair face. She leaned against the vine-wreathed balustrades in pensive attitude, and toyed with the drooping flowers of the tangled vine. With a far-off look in her eyes, she weaved, in fancy's loom, golden dreams of the future. A face of manly mould, with earnest, black eyes, graced by heavy curling whiskers and neatly trimmed moustache, glanced out at the graceful little figure, and, with a loving look on his hand- some countenance, joined her. "How, now, dear Maud," he ex- claimed: "are you wearied with the gay chattering of the lively group within?" "No, Guy; but I like to steal away and indulge in my own thoughts some- times." "Castle-building, eh? I hope you give me a prominent position in your airy dwelling," he said, smiling. She gave a happy little laugh. "Never fear, sir, but what you will get all you deserve." "And more, dear," he answered, "if fate reserves for me this dear hand." "Maud! Maud? where are you?" shouted a ringing, merry voice. "Oh, there you are; and according to the fit- ness of things, your shadow beside you. Come in here, both of you, if you can condescend to the realities of this mundane sphere, and five us the bene- fit of your sage counsel." An the laughing, piquant face of Maggie Eaton, Maud's younger sister, disappeared behind the curtain. Passing into the room, Maud and her companion, Guy Halifax, were greeted with a host of queries and exclama- tions. "Oh, don't consent to such a scheme," said timid May Loe, in a pleading voice. "Oh, yes, do Maud, Guy will, I know. It will be gay sport to chase spectres at midnight," chimed in the spirited voice of Maggie. "Oh, Maggie, how can you jest so?" said Fanny Gamble. "If you found yourself in the presence of a real ghost, you would run from it, instead of after it." "What is it all about?" asked Guy Halifax, gazing in astonishment at the excited group before him. "Why, just this," answered Robert Norman, constituting himself spokes- for the party; "we were discussing ghosts and kindred subjects, when that madcap, Maggie,"— casting an admiring glance at her saucy face —" rehearsed for our benefit the story of the Leslie haunted house, and concluded with the auacious proposal that the entire com- pany should spend the night there, and engage in the exciting pastime of chas- ing spirits." Guy laughed, and said, "Well, in my opinion, she would have a long watch and no game." "That's my opinion, too," said robert, "But some of the ladies are frightened at the idea, and disavow all desire to try the experiment." "Shame on them," said Maggie, "for showing the white feather. But I'm determined to go, if I go alone." "oh dreadful — shocking!" chorused a half-dozen female voices. "What do you say, Maud?" asked Maggie, nothing daunted. "You're not afraid, I know, for you were always a brave girl." "No, indeed; I am no believer in ghosts or haunted houses; and yet I think it a foolish tax upon the nerves to stay in that gloomy tumble-down house all night." "Nerves! Pahaw! I haven't any such troublesome things about me, and if you are all such cowards, why, I'll go alone." "If you are determined to go alone, Maggie, why, I will accompany you," said Robert Norman, who was her ac- cepted lover, and see that the ghosts do not spirit you away." Here followed an animated discus- sion upon the propriety and safety of the scheme; but Maggie persisting in her determination, they all finally agreed to the proposed visit. Mrs. Eaton offered some feeble re- sistence to the proposed plan, but her husband said, "Let the young folks have their own way. there's nought there to harm them." So Mrs. Eaton made no further ob- jections, but ever thoughtful for the comfort of her guests, despatched some servants immediately — for they could not be persuaded to approach the house after dark — with refreshments, blankets, and materials for light and fire. The Leslie mansion was not far from Eaton Villa. the evening was very bright and cloudless, and the gay party started off about nine o'clock, with laugh and jest, to walk to its haunted precincts. "Here Guy," shouted Mr. Eaton, as they started down the garden walk, "take this with you," handing him a loaded pistol. "You'll not be troubled with ghostly visitants; but if your ad- ventures should get abroad, some med- dling vagabond might attempt to impose upon the ladies' credulity, and nothing could better ensure your protection against such rogues." They walked blithely on, and soon stood before the deserted welling. It loomed up gloomily and repellant upon their gaze. The weird moonlight streamed through the dusky trees and matted vines that encompassed it, mak- ing misty, creeping shadows as the leaves fluttered in the sighing breeze. The gaping windows, with their broken panes, seemed blackened by a thick, im- penetrable darkness. The quick rush of frightened birds, and the hooting of a disturbed owl, fell ominous on their ears. The light jest and gay song died away, and all felt oppressed with a name- less fear. The great door, as it yielded to their touch, creaked dismally upon its rusty hinges; and the firm tread of Guy, who had volunteered to precede them and strike a light, resounded hollow through the dismal hall. The familiar sputter of a match, and the familiar glimmer of a candle, how- ever, restored their faltering courage. Soon a cheery fire of blazing logs crackled defiantly in the chimney; and under the influence of light and heat, their gaiety soon returned. They drew forward forward two moth- eaton lounges that stood frimly against the mouldy wall, and covered them with the blankets which Mrs. eaton's care had provided. A time-stained, for- bidding looking table, too, wa sdrawn out of its obscure corner, and made the receptavle for the contents of two ple- thoric looking hampers. "What a novel affair," laughed jolly Maggie. "A midnight picnic in an enchanted house, with any quantity of guests expected to assist in the con- sumption of the good things." "Oh, Maggie!" exclaimed Maud, "you're not orthodox: ghosts don't eat." "Don't they, though?" returned the light-hearted Maggie; "then it is be- cause they don't get the chance. if I only see one I'll ask him to eat, and you see if he refuses." He!" laughed Robert, mis- chievously. " You seem to imagine that all the spirits are of the masculine gender." "Oh, I'll leave all the females to you," said Maggie, with a sly twinkle of her eye. "You are wondrous fond of them, you know." "Only one," he whispered, stooping to cut a knot that defied her deft little fingers. While the ladies were busy arranging everything at their command in the most comfortable manner, two of the gentlemen explored the rest of the house; but soon returned, saying that they had discovered nothing but dirt and cobwebs. They gathered round the table and discussed the tempting viands. Song, gay repartee, and lively chit-chat passed the hastening hours. Midnight! The very word brought with it a shuddering fear. The ladies ceased their flippant chat, and cast nervous glances over their shoulders. Even the bolder masculine souls grew more quiet, and less boastful. The moments flew on, and no ghost was seen, or heard. Weary eyes, in spite of their fear, grew dull, and sleepily closed. Sudden visions, rattling of de- tached plaster, creaking of loose timbers, or the melancholy chirp of some bird disturbed in its slumber, would start the listless forms, open the sleepy eyes in luminous fear; but gradually nature overcome their sleepy watchfulness, and all except Guy were closely locked in the arms of Morphens. Guy glanced round him with a smile. The curly head of the intrepid Maggie nested on the shoulder of Robert Norman, where he had placed it, apprehensive of speedy dislocation of her neck from her violent nods, as she wholly succumbed to her weariness. The other ladies were on the lounges in somnolent attitudes, while the gentlemen reclined on chairs. Maud, sweet Maud, his gaze lingered lovingly on her dear face. She reclined in the cumbersome armchair opposite him. One rounded cheek pressed the shawl which he had spread over the dusty moth-eaten cover. Her dark ringlets, picturesquely dishevelled, clus- tered in rippling confusion about her face; her white dimpled hands clasped negligently in her lap. A sweet picture she made; the flickering shadows from the ruddy firelight stealing over her. Guy's heart throbbed with excess of love as he gazed. But gradually the silence grew irk- some, almost insupportable. Extremely weary, his eyelids heavy with sleep, yet anxious forebodings chased away his desire for rest. A sharp sense of com- ing evil had haunted him during the evening, and it now returned with over- whelming force; and he determined not to yield to drowsiness, but to watch and wait. Time dragged heavily along. Guy, with his head resting wearily upon his hand, was dreamily meditating. A slight noise aroused him from his reverie. Raising his eyes, he beheld, to his dismay, a phantom crowd glide in from the unopen door. He gazed with mingled awe and wonder, and a thrill of fear and a sense of icy coldness swept over him. The outlines of the shapes were dim, and faded into nothingness; they seemed to sway and hover in the air. They were all skeletons, and their flesh- less jaws' grinned sardonically, and an intense unearthly light shone from their empty eye-sockets. They took no notice of the unconscious sleepers, but turned their fleshless faces towards Guy. He felt their baleful glances, and his blood chilled with horror. They pointed their bony fingers at him and gesticulated angrily, as if in- censed at his presence. Finally, one more hideous-looking than any of the rest, glided menacingly towards him, his fleshless bones clatter- ing as he approached. Palsied with horror, Guy remained motionless. Not until he felt its cold, deathly grip around his throat did he arouse from his lethargy,. Shaking off the grinning horror with a desperate effort, he seized the pistol before him, and discharged it at the grisly foe. The sharp report rang echoing through the house. Every one started to their feet; the ladies in abject terror, and the men in wondering consternation. Guy glanced bewildered about him. The phantoms had fled, but — oh! horror! — Maud Eaton, his dear betrothed, lay weltering in her life's blood. He had shot her in a hideous dream, and, paralyzed with horror and remorse, he sank insensible to the floor. The fearful realization of the awful tragedy before them burst upon the be- wildered senses of the awe-stricken party. They gathered, mute and unnerved, around the prostrate forms of the victim and her unwitting murderer. The red rays of the morning sun trembled in the east, and flushed the dull gray sky with rosy light. Out of the grim portals of the ill-fated house shuddering passed the returning party. Two rough litters had been hastily con- structed, upon which reposed the lifeless body of the hapless Maud, and the still unconscious form of poor Guy. Maggie walked beside her slain sister, with a dazed expression in her dark eye, re- morsefully murmuring. "It is my sin! it is my sin!" As they neared the house, Robert Norman hastened forward to break the dreadful news to the unsuspecting parents. At the sight of the still form of Maud, and the ghastly features of Guy, Mrs. Eaton sank helpless to the floor. The guests, aided by the weeping servants, set about their mournful tasks. They carried Guy's prostrate form to a bed-chamber, and sent for a physician to attend him. They applied rcstora- tives to the heart-broken mother, and tenderly and pityingly prepared Maud for the grave. It scorned a dream!— so young, so full of hope! Oh! cruel fate, couldst thou not have stolen the sweet young life in a less fearful way!— but to fall by the hand she loved so well, aye, one who would have given his own heart's blood to have spared her one fleeting pang of sorrow! When Guy arose from his bed, a shattered, broken-hearted man, the wintry snows were heaped high above Maud's dreamless bed. A few years of restless wanderings; his hair blanched, and his face wrinkled with bitter grief and gnawing remorse; a lone journey to the grave of his mur- dered betrothed, a gasping cry for for- giveness, and the worn and weary victim of a cruel fate was stretched cold and lifeless on the damp sod. 