RETURN OF THE REV. J. L. PARSONS. On Thursday evening, April 9, tea and public meetings were held at the North Adelaide Bap- tist Church to welcome the pastor on his return from Europe. There was a numerous attendance, the building being filled at the latter gathering. Upon the platform were the Revs. F. W. Cox, S. Mead, M. A., LL.B., H. J. Lambert, T. Lloyd, J. Jefferis, LL.B., A. Scales, J. M. Day, J. L. Parsons, M. Lloyd, T. C. Davies, and others. Apologies for absence were received from the Revs. W. P. Wells, J. Davidson, C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Henderson, and Jas. Way. Mr. G. S. Fowler, who presided, said he was glad to welcome Mr. Parsons. He had pleasure in welcoming him in England, but he had tenfold more pleasure in welcoming him back to his labours amongst them. He also desired to con- gratulate the Church on its work in the past, and hoped greater results would yet be achieved. Mr. E. S. Wigg remarked that he had been requested by his brother officers to convey their greetings to their pastor. He thought he could not better do this than by bringing to their minds the various little occur- rences of the past 16 or 17 months. In bringing back the feelings that filled their minds at that time they might show their pastor how it was they so heartily greeted his return. In October, 1872, they received the unwelcome intelligence that it was needful for his health that he should visit Europe that he might have entire rest and recruit his health. The parting was yery quick, and it was only a kindness on both sides that it was so; for when the feelings were overcharged it was best to bring such partings quickly to a close. The first feeling that arose was — what should they do? The first ray of hope came from the brethren in the ministry, who heartily responded to an application to fill the pulpit during his absence, and they all knew how well these promises had been fulfilled. They had had efficient aid. By thus gathering together and listening to ministers of various denomina- tions they had a practical Evangelical Alliance. They had had all sorts of ministers preaching to them, and they found no great difference of doctrine or sentiment, and few had betrayed by their sentiments that they belonged to another denomination. Under these circumstances their pastor took his departure, and they forgot some of their own sorrow in remembering his and that of his wife and family. They sent them forth with prayer, and during their absence the Church never failed to follow them with their prayers. No vessel, he believed, ever left these shores followed so con- tinuously by prayer as the ship in which they went. They waited a long period before they received any intelligence. They all knew how anxiously they expected the telegram, and how much more so the first letter, which, too, brought cheerful tidings of improved health. They were also comforted by counsel and the kind sympathies expressed, and all felt that, though separated from their pastor for a season they were not separated in heart and mind. Soon after Dr. Wheeler sent them better tidings, and in each of his letters occurred the sentence — ' You must not let your pastor work outside of his own Church.' Perhaps their friends in the ministry might not like this, but he hoped they would bear in mind the counsel of the friendly physician. They hoped that by a pru- dent use ot his strength he would be able to work amongst them for many years. They all, Mr. Parsons included, knew how heartily they greeted their pastor's return. Mr. C. Kelsey thought they would all recollect the meeting some 16 months ago when they bid farewell to their pastor. Then their hearts were sad, although, as Mr. Parsons said, he didn't want them to take up the lachrymose. They might congratulate themselves on having kept well together during that period as a Church and people. No statistics cut and dried were to be allowed; still they might refer to their progress. He was happy to say that he thought the Church work had been constantly continued and well sustained. The prayer and other meetings had been well attended, and it had been a great satisfaction to their pastor to learn this. The things connected with the Church had been admirably kept up — almost as well as if the pastor had been present. (Hear.) While he had been away they had been going full swing, and if they had slacked at all it was very little. Upon this they might congratulate themselves. Of course very many thanks were due to the kind friends who had assisted them, and to these they were very much indebted. Ministers of every denomination stood in their pulpit and helped them during their temporary bereavement. He would supplement Mr. Wigg's remarks about Dr. Wheeler by mentioning that he had said they should be merciful with their pastor and prevent him from doing too much work. This was a matter in which they could scarcely trust him. (Laughter.) He could only say how really thankful they were to see their friends Mr. and Mrs. Parsons once more in their midst. They were thankful for their return in good health. They thanked God and took courage. The Rev. S. Mead said he felt called upon to rise and give expression to what was in the hearts of them all — namely, the thorough welcome they gave to Mr. Parsons. He presumed the restric- tion referred to as to Mr. Parsons working did not exactly restrict him that evening, and there- fore the speakers should take care lest they restricted him. He could truly say they were heartily glad of his return. They knew very well, and Mr. Parsons also knew, that they were very close friends and delighted in each other's fellowship and counsel. The past 18 months had been a little dangerous in some respects, as it might tempt some of them to follow his example. (Hear, hear.) However he dared say that when they had a meeting in Flinders-street some of them would come to it. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. F. W. Cox supposed he had been called upon to speak as representing another kindred and sister denomination, and he rejoiced with them in the safe return of their pastor and his wife. They sometimes had to say farewell and then bid welcome again, and that was among the pleasant part of the changes of this world; but sometimes unfortunately they had to say farewell and never utter the words of welcome again. If there were no changes the world would be somewhat dull, and he must confess he believed it would be very insipid indeed. They had had a change. Some little time ago their minister was going — that was a good thing, and brought an enormous amount of latent affect- tion, of the existence of which they had hardly been aware, to the surface. As soon as changes were about to occur immediately there sprung up an amount of latent affection which they had not anticipated. There was a change in Mr. Parsons's life — he had the blessed feeling of not being always obliged to teach. No one who did not speak always at the same place and to the same people could know the benefit of being able to sit and hear sometimes. Perhaps they were the better for the change. It had put them upon their mettle and points of honour, and had led them to think it was possible— perhaps some hardly thought it before — that they might get on from week to week without Mr. Parsons, and perhaps they had come to learn that there was One greater at the head of the Church than their pastor, and his absence might have intensi- fied their love towards God. He thought Mr. Mead might take this as an example, and might go away for a year without the Church being any the worse for his absence. (Hear, hear.) It was a good lesson for them to learn that the world would wag whether they were its pendulum or not. He heartily congratulated them, and urged that they should not press their pastor, but rest content with what he felt competent to do. The Rev. H. J. LAMBERT also offered con- gratulations. He remarked that he did not think Dr. Wheeler's admonition referred to ex- changes. They must occasionally be prepared to find that their pastor had gone to some neighbouring Church, and they must welcome with as much grace as they could the friend who came to take his place. In the meeting that evening their brother would feel a stimulus and cheer that would help him in time to come. He did not mean that it would impart physical strength, but in the moral and spiritual work they needed the stimulus of hearty sympathy and loving co- operation to help them along. The Rev. J. L. Parsons, who was warmly received, said it was more comforting and much more grateful to the feelings to be present at a meeting of welcome than at one of farewell. Very much rejoiced as he was that exceedingly damp and disagreeable morning in February, 1873, to see the Chairman's friendly. face in the London Docks, he had far more pleasure in seeing him in Church that evening. After a rough and boisterous a passage as ever belayed poor colonist, they at length rounded the southern, coast of Kent— the land white with snow and a snorting gale in the teeth— and were very glad on reaching the quiet harbour to see two old colonists with the inevitable umbrella— (laughter) waiting for the ship to come in. There rested upon his mind and heart a very heavy burden of thankfulness which he meant to express; but although expressed, it would not be over and done and got rid of. It would bide as strongly as ever in him, although expressed. His first feeling was, as it should be, towards his Father in heaven. He had watched over himself and Mrs. Parsons, Parsons, and preserved them through all the thousands of miles they had travelled; and all the circumstances of peril through which they had passed during their passage home they felt that the calm and quiet airs of the southern summer were following them, at least while they were on this side of the world, and before they got to England. The period during which they were in England was conspicuous for its fatal acci- dents. Scarcely could one open the morning papers without seeing an account of some acci- dent upon the railway lines. Not one of the Companies, he thought, escaped without dis- aster. They passed through Wickham on the very day when so many lives were lost by the railway accident, and very frequently at other times many were cut down and hurried into the presence of God; but everywhere they went they seemed to bear a charmed life. His hand saved them, and when he put His hand as a covering shield over His children He kept them safe and protected them. A smoother visit it was scarcely possible for any to have, and they all wondered that they had travelled so many thousands of miles in such fine weather. Loving remembrance was due to God, and he was sure was joined in by all of them that evening. Then, too, they felt deep gratitude for the records which reached them of the fidelity of the Church. They had proved to themselves, and he hoped to all, that they were not a rope of sand, but a good rope of iron — the links welded together and holding firm. He hoped the better lesson was im- pressed upon their minds. There was a firmer centre for each Church's life than in the minister; there was One who was Head over everything. In the Church he was pleased to learn there had been spiritual results, and the gathering of a few sheaves. There had been a harvest during his absence; for that they should thank God. His brethren who had so kindly supplied his place he wished might hear that. When he went he wondered where the help was to come from ; but as he went from one place to another and received no denial, but promises of support, he saw his way clear. When he spoke of this at home, his friends began to think there must be genuine Christian unity amongst the colonial Churches. Might the Lord pay a thousandfold all those who had assisted— and He was a good paymaster. Might their brethren who from Sabbath to Sabbath had stood up there, preached Christ, and broken the living bread — might they be repaid a thousandfold in their own breasts and in their own Churches. He took what had been done as about the clearest evidence that they had been filling up their places and doing their duty — it was a plain criterion of their action. All the current expenses had been met, and more than met; and not only so, but the floating debt of nearly £200 had been entirely liquidated, and there was a balance in hand. ( Hear, hear.) That was encouraging, and a very pleasant sign for him and for the Church generally. He then proceeded to give an outline of his impressions of the old country. He found the climate very disagreeable; he was almost going to say horrible. The east wind blew for two months without intermission, and anything more raw, cutting, and disagreeable he could not conceive. London was thus not very pleasant. They had the summer— at least he was told it was summer— though the sun was a perfect stranger, never showing his face ; and it rained, he should think, every other day at least. They com- plained of hot winds here, but give him hot winds any day instead of November fog. He would prefer a week's hot wind to two days' fog. They spent a time in London —the centre of the world, he might call it, for really when one opened the Times one got commercial and other intelli- gence from nearly all parts of the earth. He remarked that considerable alterations had been made in the city, and without its precincts what were 10 or 12 years ago open fields were now eaten up as it were by the builders, and London seemed almost to have eaten up the County of Middlesex. Four things struck him very forcibly during his visit. First, the increased cost of living. He had thought one could live more cheaply there than in the colonies, but he was soon disabused of that idea. Fine mutton chops cost 1s. 3d. per lb. Beefsteaks were from 1s. 4d. to 1s. 6d. per lb. What applied to the meat supply also referred to other things. If any of them thought to live more cheaply in England, he would advise them to think twice, as they would find out the differ rence. Another thing struck him, viz., the enormous wealth of the little island they called home. In Hyde Park he saw splendid equipages costing from £400 to £500 each, such as could be seen in no other country. He observed, too, that the manufacturing classes and mine proprietors were distancing and passing the old aristocratic classes in ornamenting their residences and living in splendid style. Everywhere were found the evidences of a very luxurious age. It was, he considered, a very critical period for England, from the fact that there was such an enormous amount of wealth that many men scarcely knew what to do with their money. Another very obvious feature was the improvement of the working classes. Assertion of rights had raised the level of the working man. Even agricultural labourers were beginning to wake up, and Hodge, who formerly thought it sufficient to work and to pull his lock to tho Squire, was beginning to think he had something more to live for, and was accord- ingly living better and receiving better wages. The colliers, for instance, as the saying was, could buy pineapples, which the higher classes could not afford, and drank champagne instead of beer ; yet there was apparent at the same time a heart-rending and pitiful poverty. The miserable creatures, with hunger-pinched faces and poverty-stricken aspect, that one saw in London were never seen in Australia. Often as he saw this he did long that some agency could be employed to bring these poor people out to this sunny land of plenty, where life might not be a battle to keep the wolf from the door, but where they might enjoy the kindly fruits of the earth. He observed as closely as possible the religious habits of English life, and was struck by the Ritualistic revival of the present time. He thought there were points of comparison between this Ritualistic revival and the Evangelical revival under Wesley and White- field. There was a growing hold on the national mind, and it was getting power over the people. This success must have some definite explana- tion. It was first of all due to the labours of the Ritualists, who repudiated any other name than 'priests' of the Church of England, and very earnest men they were, who thoroughly believed in their work, and acted with great energy. Their religion took very practical shapes, and was not confined to the Church and Sunday-schools. They visited the poor and fed the hungry. They had guilds and sisterhoods who went into the back slums of London and told the people about Christianity, and by sending nurses, &c;, convinced the people that Christianity had a blessed work in alleviating human sorrow. The preaching of the Ritualists was earnest and bold. Sometimes their sermons lasted not more than 10 minutes and there was a certain raciness in their utterances. Instead of "Dearly - beloved brethren," they said, "Sirs"' or "Gentlemen." No attempt was made at fresh views or cul- tured thought; no aiming at winning the people by tricks of language. The men came before the congregation, and stood up in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and told their hearers that they were sinners, that Christ had died, and that they were His ambassadors. They assured the people that if they did certain things they would be saved. Of course he did not agree with many of their principles and practices. After a revivalistic service it was not uncommon for the priest to ask the people into the vestry and there confess their sins. They asserted that without their mediation there could not be salva- tion. They claimed to hold the keys of heaven so much as did the Roman Catholic priests. Many of them preached the seven sacraments and upheld auricular confession. A friend of his— a Broad Churchman -had been told by a very advanced Ritualist at Clapham that if he refused extreme unction when it might be ad- ministered he would not answer for his eternal safety if he were about to die. To this his friend replied— answering a fool according to his folly — that the only benefit of extreme unction would be that if a man were oiled all over he would be "too slippery for the old gentleman." Those were the words used. The Roman Catholics were indulging in a pleasant dream that they were going to win back England to their faith. It was sounded by their papers, and he had heard it from their leading ministers. Archbishop Manning and Monsignor Capel had tried to indoctrinate into the British mind that the Catholic religion was creeping to the front, and that a large number of the people were going back, and that it was only a question of a few years before England would be won back to the old Church. It has been said that Capel never preached a sermon without making a convert — and these were often men of wealth and influence. He attended the Baptist Association meetings at Nottingham, but did not receive much atten- tion. Colonial ministers were looked upon rather as exiles who would gladly remain at home if they could; but he soon disabused them of that idea, and said he preferred the colonies. He believed his brethren here were better off than those at home. He went to hear Spurgeon, and found the Tabernacle crowded, although the weather was exceedingly wet. Spurgeon said some wonderfully racy things. When speaking of the conceits to be found in members of Christian Churches he expressed himself as taking a delight in "'cutting the combs of these gentry," and he also hesitated not to say, "The Lord had to bring down many a high stomach." But there was a wonderful gentleness about his utterances and actions. He was a perfect martyr to rheumatic gout, and had often to rest one leg on a chair or else sit down while preaching. He remarked that he agreed with the Rev. Mr. Dale, that it was the duty of Christian ministers to take part in the political affairs of the nation, but Mr. Dale himself feared there might be a deterioration of spiritual life in the anxieties of politics. It had been urged at home that while people were not political dissenters they should be more and more religious dissenters. He then referred to the Irish University Bill, stating that Mr. Gladstone became very angry at the action of the Nonconformists, snubbed them whenever he could, and secured the ignominious rejection of the resolution proposed by Mr. Miall. The Nonconformists then prepared to show Gladstone that if he could do without them they could do without him. It was said that so deep was Gladstone's anger that he at once broke up the Liberal party, and sent it out for perhaps the next 20 years. The educa- tion question lay very deep at the root of the discontent. The Education Act was the child of Mr. Forster's ambition, and it was said he forced the measure on his colleagues against their express wishes. Any thing more lamentable than the result of the Bill could not be conceived. He never saw such a rank and bitter sectarian feeling as the School Boards called forth. He trusted that if ever they passed an Education Act here they would not divide the country into districts, but have one centre. A chasm had been made at home that it would take years and years to bridge over. After a few other remarks he said he had kept from work during his absence, and had only preached once — on the last Sunday before he left — though he had spoken in public more than once. He visited Paris, Italy, Rome, Naples, Venice, Florence, took a trip up the Rhine, and went to Norway, but on these subjects he would speak on some future occasion. (Hear, hear.) He assured them that he was thoroughly content with his sphere of labour, and wanted no other Church. He was glad to be able to say that his health was cer- tainly re-established to a very great ex- tent. There was the old injury over which he must always watch. He feared he would not be able to visit them very frequently, but they must not put that down to want of interest. His visit to England had not brought out any very great angles in his character. He would fearlessly express his own convictions, and every one must take it as a pledge of Christian charity. He would let every man have his own opinions. (Applause.) For success he must depend, as he had always depended, upon the prayers of God's people and the co-operation of the Church. Might God bless them, and make them a Church full of activity, work, and prosperity. (Ap- plause. ) The Revs. T. Lloyd and J. M. Day followed with congratulations and expressions of sym- pathy. The meeting, which had been opened and closed with devotional exercises, then closed. 