Duke of .Edinburgh's Marriage. J ¡ ST. PETEOSBUOH, .January 23rd.-Tho-, mnrringo cor rnony of tho Duke of Edinburgh and tlio Prince . Maria commonced to-day ia'tho presenco of a vast n somblago of guests in tho Winter Polaco and tl various galleries. Tho ladies woro sumptuously attirée tho pro vailing coutumes, particularly of Russian lad io woro vclvot und diamonds. Tho men were inuniforn with tho exception of the American Diplomatist. Af t< assembling, a procession was formed with tho Gnni Equories, Chamberlains, nml other officers of til Court. Lending them came the Emperor und Empres tho Prince and Princess Imperial,' Princo and Pi-incoi of Waloo, tho Prince and Princess Imperil of Germany, and Prince Arthur. The cnmo_ the bride and tho bridegroom, who wore il Itussinn unvid uniform. Tito bride was 'splendidly aj parollcd in a long crimson velvet mantle, trimme with ermine, and sha woro n diamond coronet. Hi train wa« borno by four pagos. Thou followed an in i menso procession of tho Imperial family, priOBti [ friend«, princos, and court oülcials. Die Imperial Kui sinn Pnnco wore the. uniform of Ouirassien I tho Princo of ."Wales tho scarlet Britia I uniform, tho Prussian Princo Imperial thu of a Prussian Colonel. All ' wero decorate with tho Russian Order of St. Andrew. Tho Prince» of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with din mond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. Th Imperial Gorman Princess was dressed in the sam stylo. Tho Russian Princess's dress was bluo volvo nnd gold. Princo Arthur acted as ono of tho grooms men. All woro silver wedding- favors. The procession, upon roaching tho Russian Church was recoived by tho Metropolitan Head of tho Russia] Church of tho Holy Synod, bearing crosses and encra vessels with holy water. Tho Emperor conducted tin brido and bridegroom to tho middle of the church, ns suming his station, with the Empress immediately bo hind. Around tho bridegroom stood Princo Arthu nnil-tho Grund Dukes. Tho wedding rings, borne 01 golden salvors, wore deposited on tho altar tt-mpornril; until placed on thc fingers of tho brido and bridegroom Tho magnificent chapel was illhiriiiiatcd with innume- rable wax candles ; tho floor w.is covered with velvet crimson mid gold carpet ; the pillars and nillir won uovored with gold- Tho Greek marriage ceremony wai unique in tho absence, of music, (.'híuita and iutoueii prayers wero given during: tho service. Tho crown! woro held suspended over tho he-ids of tim bridal pair, Princo Arthur holding thc crown over the Ouko ol Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over thc bride. Tho Imperial Confessor thou said: "Thou servan! of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, nit crowned for this limul maiden of God, Marbi Alexandra, in ibo nanto oi tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy C¡ho;t." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding tho he.tvy crown, was relieved. Then the epistlo to tho Eiihosinns, 8th chapter, 20th nnd 23rd versos, wero road. After tho reading- was concluded tho murringo at Cona of Gal liloo was read. Tho crowns woro removed, anil tho married couple walked thrice- around thc raised dais, lioldiug tho tip of tho confessoc's robo with one hand and a cundle in thc other. At tho conclusion of this ceremony tho sacramental cup was brought forw.iril, blessed and partaken of by tho bridal pair, tho con- fessor presenting tho cross, which both kissed. After- ward tho choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord !" concluding with ii benediction. This ended tho Greek services. Tho proocsslon then slowly fe lined, proceeding to tho Hull of Alexander tor the Anglican service. Dean iitanloy, ol Westministor Abbey, piueiatcd. Tho walls wero decorated with battle pictures. De«n Stanley, Vho during tho solemni- sation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hilt and gown, and who now appeared on tho- altar wearing au Epis-, . oopnl surplice / with a jewolled collar of tho Order of Hath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymon. Roth'.the. Amcrioan and tho Eng- lish embassies were gathered on tho left of tho altar. Conspicuous among them was. Governor Jowett, tho Amorican Minister. Lord -Iioftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic officials Many English pricers, hi f All costume, were also present. Especially notable was tho voriernblo Prinoo Gortsbakolf, surrounded by load- ing mern t.crs of .tho Russian nobility. Tho Episcopal chants wore given by Russian chorister Iud«, in long orimsondrcsses. When tho murringo procession entered, tho brido walked between hcrfathornnd thc bridegroom. Princo Arthur walked bubble'. Tho beautiful Anglican wedding servira was then hnpro<sively performed hy Dcaii Stanley, tba Princo-and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in tho book of Commun Prayer. Tho delivery of the final iwnediction, "God tho . Father, God tho Son, God tho Holy Ghost-- bloss, preservo, aud - koop you,"' | ; was especially touching. * Thu services being con- cluded, Donn Stanley congratulated . tho nowly I married couplo. So vera! Roman'Catholic dignitaries wore present. Tiio brido looked earnest, swuot, fidv faced the bridegroom gravo and self-possessed.... Tho PrinooxB of Widos was lovely, lmlo, unit.clelloato. The German Crown Princess Ibokotl. lieaPhy- thc imago of her mother Queen Viotorla,- Tho Prince of-Wains was apparently on oxooltont terms with tho Geilnau Prince, timi both looked well. During tho ocrcniony in tho English cbnpol, tho Empress of Russia beings, oonllrmo.l invalid nnd fatigued, seemed oTcroomo' and . mada a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when tho married couplo saluted her. Thc ceremony heine; con- cluded, tho crowd dispersed. There waa only a limited display of popular enthusiasm.- An illumination of tho public squares took placé; and the gcnornl scono -was ono of splendid festivity. ',! The sorvice formod tin extraordinary oombinnlon of ceremony, wealth, 'pomp, and splendour. . After tho marriage rites, thora wo* a banquet at tba Palace and subsequently a ball ct tho gorgeous hall. , At tho cloio of tho ball tho bridal couplo wore formally marched to. tho bridal ehimibor, accompanied by tho Emperor and officers of the Court. Tho festivities won» continued after tho rctiromont of tho happy couplo, the Emperor being presout ' 