PLAYED OUT. A bright partioular. star has fallen from the Collins street firmament. The dashing young Uhlau, aredited by Dame Rumor with being tho nophew of Prince Bismarok, and a young hero, whose exploits at Woerth and Gravolotto had outBhono thoso of The- dore Kornor and Max Pieoolomini — haB proved but a very small German after all. Barou von Standenis no more — at any rate, to perpetrate a pun — his standing is not very high. Asaninstsncoof tho manner in which dis tinguished foreigners manage to humbug the confiding British public, a sketch of his Melbourne career may prove interesting. He arrived here about seven months ago, and seems to have had sufficient cash to keep him going for a time. Eventually, however, he found impeouniosity — that Dweller on tbo Threshold— at band, and he therefore sought out Mrs, Oleeland's secondhand clothes Bhop, in Stephen street, and made an agreement by which ho was to be allowed the run of the gar. | mentB in stock. Then the Bnron burst the chrysalis, and came forth n gorgeous butter- | fly. Imitating- tho Emoress Eugenie, who used to have three new dresses oaoh day, and six on Sundays, the Baron scorned to wear a suit a second time, and all The Block did j homage to the vastness and versatility of I biB wardrobe. A fancy ball taxed the resources of Mtb. Ciecland, but sho was equal to the occasion, and tbe Graf Von Sanden astonished the natives by appearing in the array of a Uhlan. But ho was an ungrateful mau, this Baron, I and imprudent withal. Ho gave Mrs. Clee- i land a cheque for £3, signed by himself, on account, and supplemented it by ooe for £150, on which he borrowed a few ignoble shillings presumably to pay oab fares. But j "no aocount," and tbe one for 150— 8 it did not spooify what, whether pounds I or "Keep your Temper" sovereigns — was also pronounood nulla bonum. The Baron said the big cheque was given him in ex change for drafts on his father, by a money broker, who had since disappeared very myr. teriously with the said drafts. The conse quence is that Baron von Standen was brought up at the Cily Pollco Court last week, re manded until yestorday, and discharged with a caution not to mind his father, bat to keep bis eye on tho Vagrant Act. It seems that various foreign gentry are to find a perennial harvest in the gulli bility of Australians. In days of yore there wns tho renowned Miranda, who, by an ingeniously laid scheme, swindled the Melbourno tfnd Sydney public out of thousands of pounds, and made a clean bolt of it. Later still oamo the Count Von Attems, who was tho pet of Sydney salons ; who borrowed money right and left, from the late President of tho SydDey Legislative Counoil down to confiding hotclkeepers ; who was on the point of marriage with the only daughter of one of the richest New Sonth WaleB squatters— a Bhepherd king, whose wool almost invariably tops the home market, bat finding things on the point of explosion, disappeared in bis yaoht, tbe "Hamlet's Ghost," nnd was brought up with a round torn by the phiegmatio Dutchmen at Batavia. Then followed the "Rissian Duke," who swindled tha Duke of Edinburgh on his first visit, oat of a sum of money by representing himself as a Mnscovite noble man in distress, and who was recently sen tenced to five years on the roads for sn un mentionable offence. When will this little game be considered played out ? 