THE NOVELIST. IF N 0 L E S I L A S. BY J. 8. LE FANU. CHAPTER XXX.-"WE VISIT A ROOM IN THE SECOND STORY. Mr. Carysbroke atnusod'my fancy sufficiently tc prevent my observing Milly's silence, till we nae begun our return homeward. " The Grange must be a pretty house, if thai little sketch be true ; is it far from this ?" "Twill be two mile." "Areyou vexed, Milly P" I asked, for both he] tone and looks very angry. " Yes, I am vexed ; and why not, lass ?" " What has happened?" "Well, now, that is rich! Why look at thal fellow, Carysbroke : he took no more notice to rn« than a dog, and kep' talking to you all the time oJ his pictures, and his walks, and his people. WI13 a pig's better manners than that." " Sut, Milly dear, you forget, ho tried to talk tc you, and you would not answer him," I expostu lated. "And is not that just what I say-I can't tall like other folk-ladies, I mean. Every one laugh! at me ; an' I'm dressed like a show, I am. It's t shamo ! I saw Polly Shives-what a lady she is my eyes!-laughing at me in church last- Sunday I was minded to give her a bit of my mind. An I know I'm queer. It's a shame, it is. Whj should I bo so rum ? it is a shame ! I don't wanl to be so, nor it isn't my fault." And poor Milly broke into a flood of tears, ant stamped on the ground, and buried her face in he) short frock, which she whisked up to her eyes , and an odder figure of grief I néver beheld. " And I could not make head or tail of what ht was saying," cried poor Milly through her bufl cotton, with a stamp; "and you twigged every word o't. An' why am I so ? It's a shame-ti shame ! Oh, ho, ho ! it's a shame !" " But, my dear Milly, we were talking of draw ing, and you have not learned yet, but you shall I'll teach you; and then you'li understand all about it." "An' every one laughs at me-even you ; though you try, Maud, you can scarce keep fuoni laughing sometimes. I don't blame you, for I know I'm queer ; but I can't help it; and it's a shame." " Well, my dear Milly, listen to me ; if you allow me, I assure you, I'll teach you all the music and drawing I know. You have lived very much alone and as you say, ladies have a way of speaking of their own that is different from the talk of other people." "Yes, that they have, an' gentlemen too-like the governor, and that Craysbroke ; and a precious lingo it is-dang it-why the devil himself could not understand it ; an' I'm like a fool among you. I could 'most drown myself. It's a shame ! lt is you know it is. It's a shame !" " But I'll teach you that lingo too, if you wish it Milly, ; and you shall know everything that I know ; and PU manage to have your dresses better made." By this time she was looking very ruefully, but attentively; in my face, her round eyes and nose swelled, and h»r cheeks all wet. "I think if they were a little longer-yours is longer, you know ;" and the sentence was inter ' rupted by a sob. "Now, Milly, you must not be crying; if you choose you may be just the same as any other lady -and you shall ; and you will be very much admired, I can tell you, if only you will take the trouble to quite unlearn all your odd words and ways, and dress yourself like other people; and I will take care of that if you let me ; and I think you are very clever, Milly ; and I know you are very pretty," Poor Milly's blubbered face expanded into a smile in spite of herself ; but she shook her head, looking down. "Noa, noa, Maud, 1 fear 't'won't be." And indeed it seemed I had proposed to myself a labour of Hercules. . But Milly was really a clever creature, could see quickly, and when lier ungainly dialect was mastered, describe very pleasantly; and if only she would endure the restraint, and possessed the industry requisite, I did not despair, and was re solved at least to do my part. Poor Milly ! she was really very grateful, and entered into the project of her education with great zeal, and with a strange mixture of humility and insubordination. Milly wa? m favour of again attacking " Beauty's" position on our return, and forcing a passage from this side ! but I insisted on follow ing the route by which we had arrived, and so we got round the paling by, the river, and were treated to a provoking grin of defiance by " Beauty," who I was talking across the gate to a slim young man, arrayed in fustian, and with an odd-looking oap of I rabbit-skin on Iiis head, which on seeing us, he pulled sheepishly to the side of his face next to us, as he lounged, with his arm under his chin, on the I top bar of the gate. After our encounter of to-day, indeed, it was Miss " Beauty's" wont to exhibit a kind of jeering disdain in her countenance whenever we passed. I think Milly would have engaged her again, bad I not reminded her of her undertaking, and exerted my new authority. " Look at the sneak, Pegtop, there, going up tho path to the mill. He makes belief now he does not see us ; but he does, though, only he's afraid we'll tell tho governor, and he thinks governor won't give him his way with you. I hate that Pegtop ; he stopped me of riding the cows a yeor ago, he did." I thought Pegtop might have done worse. Indeed it was plain that a total reformation was needed here ; and I was glad, to find that poor Milly seemed herself conscious of it ; and that her resolution to become more like other people of her station was not a mere spasm of mortification aud jealousely, but a Yery genuine and very zeal ous resolve. ! 1 had not half seen this old house of Bartram Haugh yet. At first, indeod, I had but an j imperfect idea of its extent. There was a range of rooms along one side of the great gallery, with closed window-shutters, and tile doors generally locked. Old L'Amour grew cross when wo went into them, although we could see nothing . and Milly was afraid to open the windows-not that any Bluebeard revelations were apprehended but simply because she knew that Uncle Silas's órder was that things should be left undisturbed- and this boisterous spirit stood in awe of him'to a degree which his gentle manners and apparont quietude rendered quito surprising. There were in this house, what certainly did not exist at Know!, and what I have never observed though they may possibly be found in other old houses-I mean, here and there, very high hatches which we could only peep over by jumping in the" air. They crossed the long corridors nnd great galleries; and several of them were turned across and locked, so as to intercept the passage, and in terrupt our explorations. Milly, however, knew a queer little, very steep and dark back stair, which reached the upper floor; so she and I mounted, and made a long ramble through rooms much lower and ruder in finish than the lordly chambers we had left below. These commanded various views of the beautiful, though neglected grounds ; but on cross ing a' gallery we entered suddenly a chamber which looked into a small and dismal quadrangle' formed by the inner walls of this great house, and of course designed only by the architect to afford the needful light and air to portions of the struc ture. I rubbed the window-pane with my handker chief and looked out. The surrounding roof was steep and high. The walls looked soiled and dark. The windows lined with dust and dirt, and the' window-stones were in places tufted with moss and grass, and groundsel. An arched doorway had opened from the house into this darkened pquare, but it was soiled and dusty ; and the damp weeds that overgrew the quadrangle drooped undisturbed against it. It was plain that human footsteps tracked it little, and I gazed into that blind and sinister area with a strango thrill and sinking. " This is the second floor-there is the enclosed courtyard"-I, as it were, soliloquized. " What are you afraid of, Maud ? You look as ye'd seen a ghost," exclaimed Milly, who came to the window and peeped over my shoulder. « It reminded me suddenly,( Milly, of that fright ful business." " What business, Maud ?-what a plague are ye thinking on ?" demanded Milly, rather amused. " It was in one of these ruoms-maybe this-yes it certainly was this-for see, the panelling has been pulled off the wall-that Mr. Charko ¡-killed himself." I was staring ruefully round the dim chamber, in whose corners the shadows of night were already gathering. "Charke ¡-what about him?-who's CharkeP" asked Milly. " Why, you must have heard of him," said I. " Not as I'm aware on," answered she. "And he killed himself, did he, hanged himself, eh, or blowed his brains out ?" " He cut his throat in one of these rooms-this one, I'm sure-for your papa had the wainscoting stripped from the wall to ascertain whether there was any second door through which a murderer could have come; and you see these walls are stripped, and bear the marks of the woodwork that has been remeved," I answered. "Weill that waB awful I I don't knowhow they have pluck to cut their throats ; if I was doing it, I'd like best to put a pistol to my head and fire, like the young gentleman did, they say, in Deadman's Hollow. But the fellows that cut their throats, they must be awful game lads, I'm thinkin', for it's a long slice, you know." " Don't, don't, Milly dear. Suppose we come s, away," I said, for the evening was deepening ' rapidly into night. "Hey and bury-me-wick, but here's the blood;' don't you see a big black cloud all spread over the floor hereabout, don't ye see ?" Milly was stooping over the spot, and tracing the outline of this, per haps, imaginary mapping, in the air with her linger. ... "No, Milly, you could not see it; the floor is too dnrk, and it's all in shadow. It must be fancy; and perhaps, after all, this is not the room,", « Well-I think, I'm sure it is. Stand-just look." , ~ ' "We'll como in the morning, and if you aro right we can seo it bötter then. Come away, 1 said, growing frightened. And just as we stood up to depart, the while high-cauled cap and large sallow features of ola L'Amour peeped in at the door. " Lawk J what brings you hire ?" cried Milly, nearly as much startled as I at the intrusion. "What brings you here, Miss?", whistled L'Amour through her gums. . , " " We're looking where Cha rke cut Ins throat, replied Milly. ... " Charke the devil !" said the old woman, wan an odd mixture of scorn 'and fury. '"Tientms room; and come ye out of.it, please. Master wont like when he hears how you keep pulling rn« Maud from one room to another, all through tao house, up and down." ? J She was gabbling stern ly enough, but droppea a low courtesy as I passedi her, and with a peaKeu and nodding stare round the room, the old woman clapped tho door sharply, and locked it. " And who lias been a talking about Charke-a pack of lies, I warrant. I suppose you want » frighten Miss Maud here" (another cripps courtesy) " wi' ghosts and like nonsense. "You're out thens: 'twas she told me 5 JJ} J much about it. Ghvosts, indeed! 1 don* W'ï them, not I ; if I did. I know who'd frighten nie, and Milly laughed. . t The old woman stuffed the key in her P0Ck. ' and ber wrinkled month pouted and receded wi» a grim uneasiness. .¡ú " A harmless brat, »nd kind she is; but -ry* -she will be wild." . . the So whispered L'Amour m my ear, dunn* ' silence that followcid, nodding shakily, towar Milly over the banister, and nk& courtesied w» as we departed, and. shuffled off toward uncw Silas's room. . »aid "The governor is queeneh this evening,u^ Milly, when we were seated at our tea. never saw him queerish,did .7011 ?" , imV "You must say what yov, mean, niora pw1"'1 Milly. You don't mean ill, I hope?" "TTeli ! I don't know what .it is; but he does crow very queer sometimes-you'd think he was dead a'inost, maybe two or three days and nights : together. He sits all the time like an old woman in a swound. Well, well, it is awful !" ' "Is he insensible when iu that state ?" I asked, a good deal alarmed, « I don't know ; but it never signifies anything. It won't kill him, I do believe ; but old L'Amour knows »ll about it. I hardly ever go into the room wheo he's so, only when I'm sent for; and he some times wakes up and takes a fancy to call for this one or that. One day ho sent for Pegtop all the way to the mill ; and when he came, he only stared at him for a minute or two, and ordered him out o' the room. He's like a child. a'most, when he's in one o' them dazes." I always knew when Uncle Silas was "çjueerish," by the injunctions of old L'Amour whistled and spluttered over the banister as we came up stairs, to mind how wo made a noise passing master's door; and by the sound of mys terious to-ings and fro-ings about his room. I saw very little of him. He sometimas took a whim to have us breakfast with him, which lasted perhaps for a week ; and "then the order of our living would relapse into its old routine. I must not forget two kind letters from Lady Knoliys, who wns detained away; and delighted to hear that I enjoyed my quiet life ; and promised to apply, in person, to Uncle Silas, for permission for me to visit her. She was to be for the Christmas at Elverston, and that was only six miles away from Bartram Haugh, so I had the excitement of a pleasant look for ward. She also said she would include poor Milly in her invitation ; and a vision of Captain Oakley rose before me, with his handsome gaze turned in wonder on poor Milly, for whom I had begun to feel myself responsible. 