PRESBYTERIAN ORDINATION AT Evandale. (By our own Reporter.) WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7. Tliis was the day named for a meeting of Presbytery of the Church of Scotland, for the purpose of proceeding to the ordination of the Rev Robert S. Duff, M. A., to the charge of Evandale, in succession to the Rev R. Russell, who for about thirty years was the respected pastor of the Evandale Presbyterian Church, and who resigned some months ago. Since then the pulpit lias been supplied by various ministers, latterly by the Rev Mr Dickson, a Presbyterian clergyman from North America. Some time since, the Rev R, S. Duff, who had come to the colonies for health purposes, was induced to visit Evandale, and the impression produced by the young minister's earnest and able labors was such as to induce the people to wish to give him a call. The usual petition was sent in to the Presbytery, and commissioners were appointed, resulting in the call being sustained and the usual edict being served at the congregation, Mr- Duff, in the meantime, having intimated to the Presbytery his acceptance of the call. The programme of the day included the meeting of the Presbytery and the ordination of the minister, with a tea-meeting afterwards at the Agricultural Pavilion, and an evening meeting at the church. As a Presbyterian Ordination is a novelty in tliis colony, much interest was taken in the proceedings, and a large concourse of visitors from the surrounding districts and Launceston met the congregation and adherents of the Evandale Church on the occasion, arriving by train and private conveyance, giving a lively aspect to the very picturesque township and locality. MEETING OF PRESBYTERY. At a quarter past 2 p.m. the members of the Presbytery assembled at the Presbyterian Church, the «Rev. A. Micliie, Moderator. There were also present the Rev. James Scott, of St. John's, Macquarie-street, Hobart Town, and Rev J. Gardner, of St. Andrew's, Launceston. The Rev. J. Gardner reported that he had served the edict on the previous Sabbaths, as appointed by Presbytery, which was duly minuted, and also that there had been no response in the shape of objection to Mr Duff. The Rev. A. Micliie, Moderator and President, then ascended the pulpit, the church being filled, and the ministers who were to take part being stationed on the platform. These included the Rev. J. Lindsay, Presbyterian minister of Chalmers Free Church, Launceston, and the other ministers above named. The candidate took liis place on the floor of the church in front of the platform. A psalm having been sung by the congregation, scripture lessons were read, selected from 1 Cor., iii., and 1 Tim., iv., and prayer was offered by the Moderator. Another psalm was then sung. THE SERMON. The Moderator then announced his text and preached the sermon. Text, 1 Cor. iii., 11—" Other foundation can no man lay than tliat is laid, which is Jesus Cluist." The temptations to waver from the faith ill the ancient Church, as now, were great and the wonder was that they kept the faith in the face of so many difficulties. The teaching of the Apostle was just as applicable to us today as it was in the time of the Apostles, for there was tlie same tendency to-day to promote party feeling in different churches ; party names were as numerous, and the evils were equally apparent. The great question was not are we of Paul or of Apollos, but are we of Christ are we followers of Christ, is Christ our guide' and are we willing to be called by liim and 'Him only ? " Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, whichis JcsusClirist"—other foundation of doctrine. If we look into various systems which profess to be based on sacred Scripture, we find they can have no foundation, because Christ is not the foundation. They'hold Christ to be simply man, and that is not according to Scripture teaching. Put aside the vicarious sacrifice of Christ, and what is faith and where is forgiveness to be found in such case'! '' Without shedding of blood there is no redemption of sin"—" The blood of Jesus Cluist cleanseth from all sin." If this doctrine of the atonement be taken away nothing is left for us to build upon, for "There is no other name given among men whereby we can be saved," whereby we can be reconciled to God The only system of doctrine that can stand is that which rests on Christ crucified. Other foundation of enduring spiritual life can no man lay. Every man is building a spiritual structure, and if we build according to the faith, Christ, our spiritual life will be a thing of beauty. Christ is the foundation of our faith, and our hope. Such are some of the living stones, and the material of which the Christian builds up his spiritual life. And the builder had this encouragement tliat his work could not be destroyed. This foundation has weathered the storm of ages, and Christ is called the Rock of Ages, a Rock of everlasting strength, unchanging, and immoveable. But it will be hard to meet the day of trial on a foundation of sand; and all are building either on the Rock or on the sand. Christ is the only foundation of the Church—not of a part, but the whole Church ; not of one denomination, but of all denominations who name His name : for He knows only one Church, the Church of the Redeemed. The spirits of all meet on one foundation. "God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth." Place is of no consequence, the manner and the spirit are all—"in spirit and in truth ;" in " my name." From the subject this lesson might be learned, that the foundation is broad enough for us alL If our praise and our prayer be founded thereon they will be accepted, and the great work of recovering souls from sin, and the establishment of spiritual life will be carried on until all will be perfected, and the topstone raised with shoutings of " grace, grace unto it." THE ORDINATION. The Moderator then left the pulpit and entered the desk. He gave a short narrative of the proceedings anent the call of Mr Duff, and requested the congregation to stand up, putting the usual question, namely— Do you, the members of this congregation, testify your adherence to the call which you have given the Rev. Robert S. Duff to be your minister, and do you cordially receive him and promise to provide for him suitable maintenance, and to give liim all due respect, subjection, and encouragement in the Lord ? Which was answered in the affirmative. The candidate then rose, and replied in the affirmative to the following ques- tions :— Do you believe the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be the Word of God, and the only rule of faith and practice '! Do you acknowledge— 1\. That the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechism, the Form of Presbyterial Church Government, the Directory for Public Worship, and the Second Book of Discipline, be the standards and formularies of this Chuich ? 2\. That inasmuch as there is a difference of opinion in regard to the doctrines contained in these standards relative to the power and duty of the civil magistrates in matters of religion, the office-bearers of this Church, in subscribing these standards and formularies, are not to be held is countenancing any persecuting or intolerant principles, or as professing any views in reference to the power and duty of the civil magistrate inconsistent with the liberty of personal conscience or the right of private judgment ? 3\. That this Church asserts for itself a separate and independent character and position as a Church, professes supreme jurisdiction over its subordinate judicatories, congregation, and people, and will receive all ministers and preachers from other Presbyterian Churches applying for admission on an equal footing, who shall thereupon become subject to its jurisdiction ? 4\. Do you own and believe the whole doctrine contained in the standards of this Church as an exhibition of the sense in which you understand the Holy Scripture ; and do you engage firmly and constantly to adhere thereto, and to the utmost of your power assert, maintain, and defend the same and the purity of worship as presently practised in this Church? 5\. Are you persuaded that the Presbyterian government and discipline of this Church are founded on the AVord of God and agreeable thereto ; and do you promise to submit to the said government and discipline, aud to concur with the same, and never to endeavor, directly or indirectly, the prejudice or subversion thereof, but to the utmost of your power, in your station, to maintain, support, and defend the said discipline and Presbyterian government by Sessions and Presbyteries during all the days of your life ? 6\. Do you promise to submit yourself willingly ami humbly, in the spirit of meekness, unto the admonitions of the brethren of this Presbytery, and be subject to them, aud that according to your power you shall maintain the unity and peace of this Church against error and schism, notwithstanding of whatever trouble or persecution may arise, and that you will follow no divisive courses from the present established doctrine, worship, discipline, and government of tliis Church ? 7\. Are zeal for the glory of God, love to the Lord Jesus Christ, and a desire to save souls, and not worldly interests or expectations, so fatas you know your own Heart, your great motives and chief inducements to seek the office of the holy ministry ? 8\. Have you used any undue methods, either by yourself or others, ill procuring tliis call ? 9\. Do you accept of aud close with tliis call, and promise through grace to perform all the duties of a faithful minister of the Gospel among this people ? 10\. Do you promise to give conscientious attendance on the Courts of the Church, to be subject to them in the Lord, to take a due interest in tlieir proceedings, aud to study the tilings which make for peace ? 11\. Do you engage, in the strength of Divine grace, to live a holy and circumspect life, to rule well your own house, and faithfully, diligently, and cheerfully discharge all the parts of the ministerial work, to the edifying of the body of Christ? 12\. And all these things you profess aud promise, through grace, as you shall be answerable at the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ ? Tlie Moderator —Mr Duff, you having answered the questions satisfactorily, you will be ordained to the office of Minister of this Church. The candidate having knelt in front of the desk, the Moderator offered the Ordination Prayer, towards the close of which the brethren of the Presbytery, together with the Rev. J. Lindsay, took part in the imposition of hands, and Mr Duff, who afterwards signed the Formula, was inducted into the pastoral charge of the congregation. THE CHARGE TO THE MINISTER AND CON- GREGATION. The Rev. J. Gardner, appointed liy the Presbytery to deliver the charge to the Minister-elect and the congregation, having ascended the pulpit, said :— MT DEAR BROTHER,—I have been appointed by the Presbytery to address to you a few words. You now for the first time stand apart as an accredited minister of the gosjjel, by the laying on of hands of the Presbytery, as one henceforth to sustain the duties and responsibilities of a minister. It is not for me, nor for anyone here, to suppose that you have not weighed the nature and character of the duties and responsibilities of the sacred ministry. No doubt you have weighed these matters, under the eye of God ; and with a solemn conviction of your responsibility, you may be able to give au account of what you have done to Him who searcheth the hearts and trieth the reins of tlit children of men. Cherishing a conviction thae you have long thought of these tilings, yet I may, after the example of one of old, seek to stir up your pure mind by way of remembrance. You are now the minister of this Church, an ambassador for Christ, entrusted with the message of salvation, telling men of the one way of seeking to be at peace with God; telling of Him who came in the name of the Lord, mighty to save. That message may be seen in those gracious words, " God so loved the world that He gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believetli in Him might have everlasting life;" " Tliis is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am chief." Your great theme in the pulpit and out of it will be " Christ Jesus and TTim crucified." It will be yours as an instrument in the hands of God to seek to convince sinners of sin, and to enlighten their minds in the knowledge of Christ, to renew their wills and persuade them to come to Christ as the true Saviour. It will also be yours to encourage pilgrims, and to help them on in their spiritual progress and in every good word and work. God has spoken to those who are to go fprth in His name, and I may briefly allude to a few of those exhorta- tions which are given to the servants of the Gospel. It has been said, " Go speak unto tlie people all the words of this life.'" When Jonah was sent to Ninevah, " Preach unto the people the preaching that I bid thee;" and when Clirist sent forth his servants he said, " Preach the Gospel to every creature ;" and again, " Go stand in the temple and speak to the people all the words of this life." Such, my brother, will be your theme. In connection with your ministerial work it will be yours to visit from house to house, testifying to the people repentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. You will thus prove yourself to be a friend, the friend of your people, and on such opportunities you will seek to set forth divine truth, that it may be seen to be from God. Seek also to enforce the duties of parents of the children and what God has said, " These my words thou slialt treasure up in thine heart, and diligently teach tliem to the sons and thy son's sons after thee." A special portion of your duty will consist of visitation, to visit the sick, the afflicted and the dying. You will as you have opportunity tell the sick of Him who has said "Cast thy burden on the Lord, and he will sustain tliee;" " Call upon me in the day of trouble I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me." You will tell them of Him who " in all the afflictions of his people was himself afflicted" • and that " we have not an high priest who cannot be touched with the feeling-of our infirmity for He was in all points tempted like as we are." You will specially declare in the ears of the dying Him who " hath abolished death and brought life and immortality to light by the Gospel." aud that "forasmuch the.i as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same ; that through death he might destroy liim that had the power of death, that is, the devil ; and deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage."' You will find it to be a pleasing duty to watch over young children. Clu-ist said, "Feed my sheep," but lie also said "Feed my lambs." You will seek to tell them of the Good Shepherd and persuade them to walk in his footstepB. You will speak words in season to those who are in the bloom of life, asking them to devote their strength to God. You will also •sympathise with those who have advanced hi the journey of life, and "when the keepers of the house shall tremble and the strong men shi'll bow themselves." You will tell them of Him who is their refuge and strength, and exhort them to go on their way rejoicing in God through our Lord Jesus Christ. These are a few of the duties which now devolve on you as a Christian minister, and in discharging them you will seek to rely not on your own strength, but on the strength of Almighty God Prepare diligently for the pulpit, and in discharge of all your duties seek the grace aud strength of the Lord Jesus who hath said "certaiidy I will be with you; my presence shall go with you and I will give you rest:" " My grace is sufficient for you, my strength is made perfect in weakness." The Lord bless you and keep you, and make His face to shine upon you; may he give you peace and may you have many for the crown of your joy and rejoicing in that day. The rev. gentleman also said it had fallen to his lot to address to the congregation a few words of solemn, affectionate counsel. The proceedings of the day must be a matter of interest and feeling. About a year ago he who had labored among them -ii holy things went out from them, and they had not seen his face since that time, but he hoped thev would oftentimes see the well-known face of liim who held converse with them, andforsolong atimewentin and out among them. It was a matter of great thankfuhiesss that God had sent tliem a successor, young in years, it was true, but ripe in scholarship and, he trusted, in Christian experience ; and one well acquainted with that work to which he was henceforth to devote himself. They had heard a short exposition addressed to him, but let liim tell them there were duties devolvmg on the flock as well as the pastor, and he proposed to state a few of the most important. Among those stated were family and private prayer,{in Ithe course of his remarks Ion which he quoted Montgomery's lines :— " The saints in prayer appear as one In word and deed and mind, "\Vliile with the Father and the Son Sweet fellowship they find." Nor prayer is made on earth alone Tlie Holy Spirit pleads ; And Jesus, on the eternal throne, For sinners intercedes. O Thou by whom we come to God, The Life, the Truth, the Way, The path of prayer Thyself hast trod, Lord, teach us how to pray." Other duties referred to were, regular attendance on Divine ordinances, warm welcome to the minister when lie visited their respective homes, cheerful and ungrudging ministering to liis necessities, and to ensure him a liberal income. In leference to religious giving, Mr Gardner observed that of all miserable spectacles on the face of tliis earth, and there were not (a few such, the most miserable of all was when a man having means placed at his disposal could not take advantage of it for his own good, or the good of his fellow creatures. In conclusion lie commended their minister to the congregation and adherents, to young and old, rich and poor, caint and sinner, who would assemble within those {walls, and he commended all "to G«d ; and the word of His grace which is able to build i you |up, and to give you an inheritance among [ all them which are sanctified." After singing and the benediction the Moderator, accompanied by tlie Ministerlect, proceeded to the church porch, and ~>-e congregation shook hands with Mr uff as they passed out. TEA MEETING. The Agricultural Pavilion, where the tea was to take place, soon became the object of attraction. The ladies liad been indefatigable in their endeavors to give eclat to the occasion, and had succeeded admirably in their preparations. A large development of taste and industry was manifest in the festoons and other decorations of ferns and evergreens, and several devices suspended 011 the walls. The word "Welcome," done with laurel leaves, was conspicuously placed on the wall at the upper end of the large apartment, and on other walls the texts " Be strong and of good courage," and "Trust in the Lord and do good." Tlie tables which were substantially supplied with sand-niches, cake, fruit, &c.;,were thickly studded with vases of floral beauties. The arrangements for attending to the company were systematic and complete, but so great was the number of visitors that it was necessary to have a relay. The Revs. A. N. Mason .(Church of England), JosephWliite (Wesleyan), and A. Grant (Baptist), were among the ministers present, in addition to those previously named. The tea commenced at five o'clock and finished shortly after six, when the company began to disperse prior to the evening meeting. PUBLIC MEETING. The public meeting in the Church was appointed to be held at half-past six. There was a numerous attendance. The newly-ordained Minister presided, and there were on the platform the Revds. A. Michie, J as. Scott, J. Gardner, T. Dickson, Joseph "Wliite, and A. Grant. A psalm having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. T. Dickson. The Rev. Robert S. Duff, M.A., then said :—There are many reasons why I should not detain you long with any re> marks of mine on this occasion. Tlie programme of speakers is large, and as I should like you to hear them all, I must set an example of brevity. I expect to have frequent opportunities of addressing you, and therefore shall leave as much tin 8 as possible to those who have come from a distance. Besides, after the impressive services of this day, solemnis-. ing a union in which you as the congregation and I as the minister- elect have been the contracting parties, it seems prudent that much should not lie said either on your part or mine. "Words fitly spoken are like apples of gold in pictures of silver ;" but there are times when the rush of emotion and the hurry of thought are such that no words can fittingly express them, and when therefore it is safer to prefer the gold of silence to the silver of speech. The day on which a man enters on a new epoch of life—steps for the first time into a position of public action and responsibility—ought to be a day not of words, but of prayerful reflection— not of confident promises, but of modest hopes. This is specially true if the posit l be t .°" h n at of a minister in the church of Christ. It might be thought that ten years of preparation for the oflice of the holy ministry would so familiarise the mind with its duties and responsibilities that when the time came one would enter on it simply as a matter of course. Believe me it is not so. The step may be the natural culmination of one's labors and training, but it is nevertheless a large step and an awfully responsible one. £aul the Aged, at the close of the conflict, may appropriately proclaim the triumphs of his Christian warfare—" I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith" ; but limothy the younger, having just put on his armour, will go silently into the arena, his eye humbly and trustfully fixed on God and duty. -Uie privileges and responsibilities of a ^nriatian pastor are numerous and important. Undertaking them from love to the Good Shepherd, he will at all times near the Master's voice—" Feed my sheep," " Feed my lambs, " and will delight to lead his flock by the green pastures, and the waters of quietness. The Gospel will be his grand theme—the wonderful cross, tender, attractive, almighty. He will never preach himself, but always Christ; his actions as liis words will be so many finger posts pointing to Christ, so many lights on the way to the cross. Seeking to raise a higher standard of morality and spirituality around him, he must himself " wear the white flower of a blameless life," and be an epistle of Christ impressively known and clearly read of all men; his walk and conversation reflecting the transforming, purifying, and sanctifying power of the Gospel which he preaches. He will point to heaven and lead the way. He will be the friend and counsellor of his people ; sympathising with them in all that concerns themselves and their families ; rejoicing with those that rejoice, and weeping with those that weep. Above all—unspeakably above all —he will constantly watch and pray for souls as having to give an account, and will lose no opportunity and spare no pains in order to obtain immortal seals to his ministry. Truly these duties are the most momentous, as they are the most honorable that can be entrusted to any man ; and I do not know what I would not give to discharge them well. When I reflect on them and consider the obstacles that lie in the way—obstacles arising from a widespread and deep seated indifference to the work of Christ on the part of many in this community as in every other—obstacles, too, and perhaps cliiefly, in the weakness and waywardness and inconstancy of one's own heart—I am constrained to exclaim with the Apostle, " Who is sufficient ?" or with the prophet, " All, Lord God, behold I cannot speak, for I am a child." Yet I feel reassured and satisfied to go on when I remember who it is that says—"My grace is sufficient for thee, and my strength shall be made perfect in tliy weakness." One word more. You have called me unanimously to the pastoral office among you, and in accepting I have recognised in the voice of the people the voice of God. We have now entered into a holy relationship, which carries with it corresponding duties. Permit me to remind you that these duties are not all on one side. It is through you that God has called me to the work here ; may it not also be through your prayers and hearty cooperation that He will fit me for its performance? There is work for the minister, there is work also for the people, and my usefulness will depend largely on how far you and I are fellow workers. I do not now stay to indicate the various ways in which this may be practically shown : these will gradually unfold themselves. Meanwhile I make only one request, I urge upon you only one duty, and it is that you give me a place in your personal and family prayers, that it may please Almighty God to sanctify me wholly to the work of Christ among you ; for " Prayer is the secret Strong supplication must bring down the charm." Pray, therefore, that the ministry begun this day in your midst may be savingly and abundantly blessed to you and your families, and that we unitedly as minister and people may be made a blessing to the neighborhood in which we live. Rev. James Scott, ex-Moderator, was introduced to the meeting as having travelled from Hobart Town, and being on that account entitled to precedence. Tlie rev. gentleman said if they were to measure the amount of his interest in the proceedings of the day by the length of the journey he had come, they would scarcely over- estimate it. The last time he was in that Church was when he had officially to communicate the resignation of their previous minister. On that day Evandale did not seem half so pretty as it did to-day; whether it was that the shadow of the departing minister cast a gloom on the district before, and the joyous circumstances attending the successor to so good and deservedly respected a man, cause so much pleasure now—for he saw it in their countenances—formed the contrast, he would not say; but he hoped they would not think it unbecoming of him (Mr Scott) to think of bygone years and their late minister. He was touched by the affectionate way in which some members spoke of their former minister, while they were right glad to give a hearty welcome to their new minister (cheers). He had been trying to realise the events of the thirty years since their late minister came to them how successful he was, and how he managed so secure the affection of that community, so that they never had a fault to find with Mr Russell till he went and left them He trusted that at a far distant day a similar compliment might be paid to their Chairman (cheers). He approved of the sentiment expressed by a friend, when) in the exuberance of his enthusiasm he said their minister was one in ten thousand; he must say he (Mr Scott) thought they had a rare gift in their minister, and he trusted the Sentiments with which they welcomed him would long fabide with them, and that their minister would go in and out possessing their confidence and goodwill. He would say also, he thought that Mr Duff more than most men had learned tlie secret of putting his best foot first (a laugh) ; wherever he went he managed to make friends, and to make good impressions (cheers). If there was jealousy between North and South, he (Mr Scott) thought it was with the good feeling of the South that they managed to secure Mr Duff as their minister ; and of course tliev were not going to be hard on the South, because the South had had something to do in getting Mr Duff. Their friend came from Scotland to the colony in search of health ; he was staying in Davey-street and he (Mr Scott) having become aware of the fact took the liberty of calling, waiving the ceremony of introduction. He saw him occasionally. He thought he might take credit for persuading Mr Duff to open his lips in theiSouth, and taking a service; he thought lie it was who succeeded in persuading him to labor in the work of the Ministry. It was his firm intention and desire to remain here a short time, and then to return to dear old Scotland in renewed health. It so happened that a message came to Hobart Town that unless some one could be sent from the South the supply for Evandale could not be maintained, and their friend Mr Duff was induced in that providential way to make his first appearance at Evandale, and they were not long in hearing how he managed to put his best foot first (a laugh), and he succeeded in making his way at Evandale ; although there were many difficulties in the way of the settlement of a pastor there. " Were there is a will," however, "there's a way," as the old adage runs, and the people at Evandale had the will, and they found the right way (cheers). He (Mr Scott) was there in the name of the South to bid them and him God-speed, and that he would have a career of many years, and that they would still find him worthily filling the place of his predecessor (cheers). As to the distinctive characteristics of their church, that was not the time or place for him to enter into that matter ; but in connection with the interesting proceedings of to-day, he might be permitted to say of course there's nothing like Presbyterianism (a laugh), and with ihat he had better let the' matter rest; more could not be said, and they would not wish him to say less (renewed laughter). Earnestly resolved as they were to stand by the old flock, they were also determined that the fault should not be theirs if those walls of partition which were constituted by separate churches and denominations were run up so high in the future, as they had too often done in the past. He was sure as far as they were welcomed into the fellowship of other churches, they would return with as hearty a grasp any mutual sympathy that might be invoked (cheers). It was wellknown that rabid Presbyterian as he (Mr Scott) was, he was an earnest worker for Christian union; and he trusted that Tasmania, which though small and weak, had taken the lead in matters of education and legislation, would be found taking the lead in this grand enterprise of the day, and would fight together the battle of the Lord against all the hosts of evil (cheers). Although it was a long way from Hobart Town to Evandale, and a weary journey in the coach, yet his (Mr Scott's) interest in that day's work was such that he was glad to have taken part, and he hoped their minister would have growing prosperity and usefulness in that community, that his labors would issue in delightful work for God. In conclusion, he repeated the expression of his sincere and hearty interest in the success of the cause which had received so joyous an impulse that day. (Loud cheering, amid which the rev. gentleman resumed his seat.) The Chairman took occasion to confirm the statement of Mr Scott as to the way in which he was induced to break silence and enter upon pulpit duties. Rev Joseph White was the next speaker, and said he had accepted the invitation because he wished to rejoice with them in their rejoicing, and to show his thorough sympathy with the Chairman's acceptance of the call to that charge (cheers). And the proceedings of that day would be remembered by him many days to come. The rev. gentleman expressed his high appreciation of the beautiful sermon of the Moderator, and especially the statement of the vicarious character of the sacrificial work of the Saviour. In that sermon Christ was evidently the first and the last, the Alpha and Omega, and as Mr Michie was unfolding his views, he (Mr White) was enabled to see new beauties in the doctrine ; and he could not help feeling that the newly ordained minister would take as the subject matter of his preaching, " Christ Jesus and Him crucified." And he had no doubt that by the blessing of the Divine Spirit some of the congregation, and the young friends especially, would be led to Jesus, and find the peace of God. He admired the statement of Mr Scott that there was nothing like Presbyterianism, and he did not wonder that he should be of that ' opinion if he found the peace of God, the love of God in Christ, in connection with t iat Church He would say the same of the Church to wluch he (Mr White) belonged. And he would remark that he believed Mr Duff was in the Apostolic succession. Only let a man have Christformed in his heart the hope of glorv be filled with the Holy Ghost, and have the love of Christ impelling him to consecrate himself to the service of God, and to labor for souls, and was not that man in the Apostolic succession 1 (cheers). For himself he had no greater desire than to follow Christ who went about doing good. After some further observations on the important subjects suggested by the proceedings of the day, he took occasion to congratulate Mr Dufl" and those whose intelligence and common sense had induced them to give him a call (cheers). Rev T. Dickson related some interesting particulars of the progress of Presbyterianism in North Carolina, in connecticm with the labors of a Mr M'Lean and a Mr Campbell from Argylesliire, a niece of one of whom he (Mr Dickson) had met with in Evandale, in the person of Mrs M'Kinnon, who had taken an active part in the arrangements of the tea meeting to-day. Rev A. Grant, of Ballarat, who was loudly cheered on rising, expressed his congratulations to the Minister and people. He said he thought he was a little interested in that Church, for when he was on a visit last year, Mr Russell took him round to the Church and the Manse, and showed him about, apparently anxious that he should turn Presbyterian. As a Baptist, however, he thought Presbyterianism too dry (a laugh). Although he had a great attachment to Tasmania, a weakness for it in fact: but they had a Duff now, and much they thought of and esteemed him for his ability, learning, and snavatur in wwifo, but if they had had him (Mr Grant) instead, they would have had a <h<fia- / (loud laughter). He must say his short acquaintance with Mr Duff liad led him to esteem him highly, and he believed as far as he had gone they could trust the man, as a regenerated man, that he would be a workman that would not need to be ashamed (cheers). Mr Grant concluded a humorous address by saying he was not a poet, nor the son of a poet, but he had made some poetry, an acrostic on Mr Duff's name, which he read, and before he resumed his seat he wished both minister and people "good luck in the name of the Lord" (cheers). . Rev. A. Michie (Moderator) said he must join liis congratulations at the retortion between their new minister and the people; and he hinted that there was wanting another union, another marriage, which he (Mr Michie) should have no objection to assist in launching (a laugh). He likewise expressed the hope that the minister would not stand alone in the Church, but that he would soon have two men of God who would be able to standi up by him as elders ; and he prayed that their minister and the congregation might have such a measure of prosperity as God only could give (cheers). On the motion of the Rev. J. Gardner (who made a facetious and witty speech, interspersed with poetical quotations) votes of thanks were given to the ladies who prepared the tea, the committee who superintended the arrangements, aud the Committee of the Agricultural Associatioa for the use of the Pavilion. _ The meeting was closed with the Benediction pronounced by the Rev. Jas. Scott. It was intimated that on the following day the annual treat to the children of the Church would be given, after a short service to be held in the Church. 