ROBERT AINSLBIGH CHAPTER XI, (OONTIVUUH.) IN TIIKKHAUOVV OK 1'KATll. 11Y THK AUTHOR OP -liuhj AnMrfs frvirt" "Aafm I'h}!' 1 ," <t'f.> d *> Throughout; the dull autumn day 3lrs. Grimsliaw and 1 kept watch in tho sick-cham- Icr—she on her sofa by the lire, sitting bolt upright, sometimes leading, sometimes warl iilg, with a needle thai moved with a mono Unions cliYk, ami kept as good time as thi ticking of the oif^Ut-tlay dock iu the corridor iut«iid<\ So idle were my thought xoiiietiiiH during the slow silent hours, that J must amis lake notice of the fact tliat Miv. Grimshaw's thread never by any chance becaiuc entangled but moved with the smoothness and precision of clockwork. How different a picture was this stem autoiuatonical figure from Maimer) at work, as I had often seen her of late, the bright fiW'e bent ovor the embroidery frame heap of rainbow-hucd silks scattered about and the color she wanted always missing ; and then what pretty impatience and fuming and exclaiming, and what impossible, knots to be disentangled with my aid! Ami from this agreeable vision my vagabond fauey flew t< another—on which, al:is 3 it dwelt much longer g the fair pale face of Dorothea llelmsley, as 1 hiid seen it so often in that, house, looking up at nw ever and anon as 1 road aloud to the two ladies in my benefactions morning room. \h ! sweet face! should 1 ever see thee again ? Had 1 not forfeited even the right (o remember as well as the right to hope t The old man M as very quiet, talked rarely, and took his medicines and nourishment will) mechanical patience that seemed the result if long habit. He gave a weary sigh now and then as of one who wondered why we must be troubled so often, to so little purpose, but submitted always. That my presence was agreeable, and in some maimer comforting to him, 1 had ample evidence. After every brief slumber—ami he spent the whole day in alternate snatches of waking and sleeping—lie appeared to liavc forgotten the fact of my presence, and recognised me always with the same expression of pleased surprise. " Roliert Aiusleigh," he would say, smiling at Uic—" luv pupil Robert! They told lue he was ilead—nay, tliat was Roderick—'twas Roderick that died ! Robert, my pupil!" Then, after a Jong pause, anil a little unintelligible murmuring, he would fancy we were at our studies, and exclaim,— " ('ome, let us begin, Robert; open your Virgil, boy. The second book," and would anon proceed to quote the .Eneid, in his poor feeble tones, but with infinite gusto. At another time he would begin the conjugation of a Greek or Latin verb, and wander for half an hour at a stretch in a maze of tenses. " That I should live to forget the pluperfect of," he. would exclaim, hopelessly. So the day crept on, and waned, without his having been visited by one glimmer of reason, save that which had inspired me with hope at my first coining. He lay with his hand in mine, and smiled at me affectionately, but all his talk was in shreds and patches, and of the laily studies of my boyhood. He never referred to my departure from Itautcvillo, or to any event that had happened since I left, livery time that he awoke and recognised me, he urged nic to remain with liim, in a piteous manner, that went to my heart. " You'll not melt away as all the rest do," lie cried. " I've seen all that I love best in this room; but when I speak to them they vanish, and leave mc alone with her." He pointed at liis wife as ho spoke, and then bringing his face nearer mine, Whispered,^— " Who is she ? I don't know her. Why does die sit there always, stitching my shroud ? It's nearly finished, isn't it? Heaven knows, I'm ready for it, Robcit." In spite of his rambling talk, there was at times such a reasonable air about him, that I felt much inclined to test him by direct interrogation upon the subject of the burglary. I could not attempt this, however, while Mrs. Grimshaw remained in the room, and I cherished the hope tliat she would, sooner or later, be compelled to leave us together. This devoutly-wished consummation did not occur. The lady held her ground with a calm persistency which showed jne she had no intention to give me the opportunity I desired. She was monstrously civil, ordered a dinner to be served for me iu her sitting-room on the ground- floor, whither I was conducted by Mrs. Betty, who waited upon me during the meal, and was infinitely loquacious, but had evidently nothing of importance to coin' municate. Had she been acquainted with any of the secrets of that house, her mistress would doubtless have been too wise to trust us together. "You will return to your friends the Hawkers at nightfall, I suppose, shV' M^ Grimshaw said to me when it was growing ^Nav, madam," I replied, " if > ,ouUav ,w f objection. i should much prefer to remain here -c, all night, and share your watch; or, if you please! relieve you from the neceasityof wateh ing Erom what Mr. Haider said, I can but inf er that your poor husband is very near Ins cud, and, if possible, I would he with him at the last." 4 . „ , You arc vastly affectionate, sir, she exclaimed, controlling her temper with an evident effort. " and since you came ununited, I suppose you must stay uninvited. Sure 'tis all of a piece." , After this speech she remained for some time absorbed in thought, and then became oven more civil than she liad bceii before, uting me to take a dish of tea with her. I w; itched all that night, and Martha Grimshaw with me. In those, long dead hours of the night, the patient slept much less than in the dav, and was infinitely more- restless. It was weary work to soothe liiui—weary to see his weariness ; but for me it was a labour of love, and so that night passed, and another gmv autumnal morning glimmered with a hilly light between the drawn curtains of the sick-chamber. I had some idea of oing bark to Jack Hawker's cottage for a few hoars in the course of the day, but on reflection, resolved to hold my ground where I was. How could I he sure of re- admittance hould I be so imprudent as to trust myself outside <iie doors of Ilauteville? I wrote to .Margery, therefore, telling her that my return as uncertain, and explaining the cause of my detention, and entrusted my letter to Mrs. Hetty for conveyance to the \Varborough postiffice. Mr. Hciulcr came at noon, and pronounced his patient considerably enfeebled by restless night, " The poor soul cannot last much longer, Mrs. Grimshaw," he said ; " and I am sure, madam, as the end approaches, you must derive a profound satisfaction from the couiousness that you have performed your duty in so admirable a manner." Mrs. Grimshaw bowed, and acknowledged the doctor's compliment with a frosty smile. You are very good to say as mucli, sir; I have endeavoured to fulfil my obligations in a Christian spirit." Vud have succeeded, madam—have succeeded to a degree tliat sheds lustre upon your sex." i For three days and nights we watched, and all that time Mrs. Grimshaw never left me alone with her patient; for when she did retire snatch an hour's rest, which was a rare occurrence, she left a strange maid-servant on uard with me, and I had thus no opportunity attempting to elicit some ray of memory from the sick man's uiind. For three days and nights I sat beside my old friend's bed, and smoothed his pillow, and helped to administer his medicines ; and still there was no change, or a change so subtle tliat I could not trace its progress. The hours ere very long in the monotonous silence of tliat gloomy chamber, and it was only with difficulty that I could realize the fact tliat 1 had spent the small half of a week only at Hauteille. 1 began to think that the period of my atch might stretch out indefinitely, and that it might be montlis before I should be free to quit tliat strange seclusion. To ray surprise, ili-s. Grimshaw became hourly more civil. She was even so fiir mollified as to con- verse with roe ovor our dish of tea; and was good enough to inform ine that her husband had made his will a year before the burglary, and bequeathed to her the entire sum of his accumulations. " He lias been a miser all his life," she said. " He has received good wages and spent nothing. His wages biased, of course, after the burglary, from which time he has been only a pensioner on Sir Everard's bounty. Rut tliat worthy gentleman has been so good as to allow him a pension of fifty pounds a year, besides the privilege of a comfortable home in this place." " I should have hardly given Sir Evcrard Lestrange credit for so much generosity," I remarked. " Nay, sir, we know that you were never a lover of the gentleman." " Has the estate been without a steward since your poor liusbaud's affliction I inquired. " There has been no house steward, hut accounts are paid and rents collected by Mr. NiKon, the lawyer, of Warhorough CHAPTER XLI. AN UNEXPECTED ALIA'. IT was oil the fourth evening of my residence at Ilauteville, and I sat musing before the fire, gazing into the cavernous depths of burning coal as if I would fain have read my destiny there. 'Twas nightfall, and the rooks, whose harsh voices I knew so well in my boyhood, were clamouring lioarsely as they flew homo to thoir r&g;&Aaiegta; in 1ho tell elms across the ha-ha. Mrs. Grimshaw had gonoto lie down for air hour hi the odjoiiuug chamber leaving the door between the two rooms ajar, so tliat I kww not whotlife? Ma ps^Wf^ sleeping, or l^if riwtof to that might Tie said of adno in the sick-room, llio day Jiad bcen dull, bn^ihe sui^tyul, sot, redly, und ft blood-red streak lingered oh thb horizon when I last looked wistfully out at tho evening sky. The windows had blackened since then with the deepening uight, and there was now ho light in, tho room hutther^ ^ld^ of the fire. Ine tall bedstead, with its winedark hangings, the quaintly carved commodo between the windows, and all tho ponderous antique furniture of tho room Inul a somewhat weird look in this light, and I could hut think of those German legends 1 had read of a penniless wanderer who, for hope of reward, volunteers to pass tho night in the chief bod-chauibcr of a haunted castle. Here, alas 1 there was something more real ilian ghost or goblinthere, was the swift approaching shadow of death. I was not alone with the sick man. Hester Grubb, the maid-servant was seated at a respectful distance, with her arms folded primly and her gooseberry-coloured eyes fixed upon She was a damsel of the sanctimonious school, a devout disciple of the saint in Brewer's Yard, aud seemed to lie more favoured by her mistress than my old acquaintance Mrs. Hetty. I had not the slightest doubt she, was wt as a watch over me ; and this extreme carefuluess on the part of Mrs. Grimshaw went far to confirm me in the conviction that the dying man was the repository of some secret which it behoved lue to discover. "Alas! how speedily will those lips he sealed," I thought, as I glanced towards the wan face lying on the pillow, with closed eyelids ; " how soon will that feeble voice lie dumb and then whatever wrong he might help to set right will remain immutable." I was sorely tired this evening, as I sat gazing into the fire. Sty protected watch had well-nigh worn out spirit and body together. The hope which, as well ae my affection for this }>oor old man, had brought me to H&uteville; was fast expiring. Evcu my own future, which had seemed fair enough to me in London by the light of Margery's smile, wore now a dark and doubtful aspect; uor did I struggle against the despondent fit that oppressed me. on the contrary, I abandoned myself to these gloomy fancies, and sat brooding upon my perplexities until sleep came to my relief. My eyes closed in despite of my endeavours to keep them oj»en, and I passed at once into tliat mystic world which we enter so swiftly, and which is yet so remote from the scene of our waking life. How or why I should have dreamt as I did dream that evening ] know not—whether by some occult magnetic influence, wliich only the student of the dark science believes in, or by the mere accident of a dreamer's fancy. 1 have tried often to explain this thing to myself, but have failed entirely, and can only place the fact on record as a curious episode in my life. I only know that although all my thoughts were concentrated upon Hiuiteville and its inmates, I had no sooner closed my eyes than I was in India, at Plassey, fighting over again that skirmish with the Frenchmen guarding the tank. The vision was singularly vivid. I felt the burning sun beating down upon my uncovered head—heard the clash and clamour of war—saw-the intense blue sky, the flashing river, the pomp and splendour of the Moorish host, and, above all a face glaring down upon me that was like my own—the face of the man with whom I was grappling, hand to hand, on the steep slippery bank. We had closed in what seemed a deathstruggle, aud I had my sword at his breast when an awful voice, issuing from I know not whence, cried out, " Stay, wretch! would you murder your father?" I woke with a start at that terrible address or, it may be, awakened by the sound of a knocking at the door of the sick-chamber. I started to my feet, full of a strange fear, went hurriedly to the door, opened it and found myself face to face with my father. It was the veiy countenance I liad seen iu my dream, but not as in tliat vision convulsed with anger. It looked at me with a grave and quiet smile. " Why, Robert, you gaze as if at sight of a ghost. Is it so strange a thing for adventurers who met yesterday iu- Hindostan to meet today in England ? I told you when wo parted, that the wind which tosses such a waif as I hither and thither, just as it scatters tho leaves of the forest, l'ff^fi' blow me your way sooner or later. Come, cliild, are you going to swoon . that you turn so white?" , " Kay, sir, 'twere a womanish thingto swoon, but the surprise—tho pleasure !" " Is it verily a pleasure, lM>ert, te.sec. thine outcast father?" - w.i ^.UnUJUW "Indeed, eh, I can imagine few higher pleasures." _ We were standing in the corridor outaido jlr: 0t-hu6hft\y's bedchamber, houost "Jtottyj* few paccsoff, candle in hand, storing at us. | ^JLoird knows what my mistress will do lo molottiiigtlm gentleman iu," sjie ejaculated, wit lio'towanted to sue jrou, Bobottj ftud thiit homurisj^toMr. Gvii|isliaw before W diod, aud was so pressing that f «t>uld not say him nay. And if my mistress should be furious—as it's likely she will bo whan she finds a stranger here—you'll please tell her, Master Robert, 'Mas 110 fault of miiio." * J With which speech Mrs. Betty washed life hands of tho business and retired, leaving Us ill the dark. «* Wiat brought you to England, sir!" I asked, as I clasped my father's hands in both of mine, " and to this house f u I can best answer, like the fellow iu the play," lie replied, in tliat agreeably careless manner which I remembered, so well—tho manner of one who has indeed been like a leaf tossed about by every wind that blows. " 4 A truant disposition, good, my lord,' I was sick of a fever after we parted" coiupauy at Muxadavad, and being incapacitated of war, was Bent: back to France with a party of wretches as decrepit as myself. On my recovery, they transferred me to a regiment serving at home, aud 1 was quartered at Havre, where I have dawdled away half a year or so pleasantly enough in garrison. Many and many a time have I thought of thee, Bob—thou wouldst scarce believe with what tenderness aud long iug—-until at Last the yearning of my foolish heart for thee grew so strong, that I, who have rarely asked a favor from my superiors, must needs turn beggar, aud supplicate for a month's leave of absence. I came to London, after being sorely beaten about between Havre and Southampton, went straight to Mr. »Swmfen, whose clerk gave me your address iu the Temple, At your chambers I could discover notliing, but that a lady lodging in Surrey Street would be best able to give me information of your movements. 1 went thereupon to the lady in Surrey Street—a most gracious and lovely creature—who told me where to find you, and by every glance and tone uu consciously revealed that you are the object of her supreme tenderness." " That lady is to be my wife, sir." I said gravely. " Indeed! that hardly jumps with the story you told mo when we were together at Muxa davad." I felt the hot blood iu my cheeks at this homc-tluust. 1 had, indeed, hiutcd at my passion for Dora iu my confidences to my father. " Nay, sir," I faltered, " there are events which turn the whole current of a man's life. I owe so vast a debt of gratitude to Mrs. Hunter, that the devotion of all my future years will but poorly balance it." " Ray thou art inconstant, Bob, aud I am content," exclaimed my father, hastily. " Sirs. Huutcr is a lair excuse for a man to change his mind, especially when his first fancy is cut short by the ctd de st>c of matrimony; but, for God's sake, talk uot of gratitude. I would not iiavc thee marry like thy father. Yet think not I would malign tho dead. Thy mother was the fondest and truest of women and might liave made a better men happy, but there were hours iu which I almost liated her, because she was not tliat other one." We were still standing in the embrasure of the door, talking iu an undertone. I was glad to cut the conversation short at this stage, for it had grown more painful than I cau express, Instead, therefore, of replying to this last speech of my father's, I opened the door softly and peeped into the sick-room. Tho old man was still asleep; the servant had lighted a candle, and was seated by it, reading a pious book, after the exact image of lier juistrcss. " Would you like to see him i" I asked my father in a whisper. " Poor old Tony t Ay, Bob, 'twas tliat de sire which in part brought me here, since could have "waited easily for your return to London—that, and a vague foolish wish to look upon tho scene of my youth with these world-weary eyes. Is he so very ill ?" *' He lives—that is as much as any one can say." Poor soul! I think I had influence over liiui 'once. I know that he loved me, and bore with my wa^rard humours with a sublime mtieucc. If such a man as I could go to heaven, Bob, what a long score he would liave to settle with old friends when lie got there. We ate sorry for our misdeeds yhen those we sinnedagainet are passed beyoftd the sight of i) ouvpeiiiteuce. God grant us a day of reckon nig m a better world, and that we may be for given r We went softly into the room—the maid dropped her book, aud stared at my companion with open mouth. I believe she took him for a Grange doctor.' She slipped out of the room as sobn as she recovered her senses/ doubtless to acquaint her mistress with what was taking place, I kid my hand upon my father's arm as hc was going towards the bed. ; "Remember, sir, 1 ' I whispered, " this poor soul believes you dead. May not your sudden appearance prove a fatal shock to one in his weak state r Kay, child, from *vhat the woman said who admitted me, I supposed him past all capability of recognition, aud that one face was the same to him as another." " You are wrong, sir. He knew my face— mistaking it at first for yours, I admit, but speedily perceiving who I was." " He took you for me, and tho shock was not fatal, you see," said my lather. " He lias therefore, doubtless forgotten tho fact of my supposed deatli." " I scarce know how much he forgets or remembers," I replied ; his brain is in a strange confusion. Yet there are gleams of light, aud I havo beeu waiting in the hope that before the end his mind would clear, and I should discover " " What!" " Tho fate of Lady Barbara's will." The old man opened liis eyes as I spoke those words. " Yes,'' he cried, witli a shrill voice which was louder than I had heard from him yet, Lady Barbara's will—that was the name of the paper." My father took the caudle from the table, and stood with the light shining full upou his face. "Tony," he said, witli an expression that was at once grave and tender, " do you remember me f " Remember thee f exclaiiued the old man, with a little hysterical laugli, " The lad I taught thirty years ago ! My wilful, foolish, brilliant boy, Roderick ! Remember thee ? When I lie dumb iu my grave I shall still remember thee—or death is something worse than I take it to be. They said thou wert dead years ago—but I knew better. The old mail knew better than those Job's comforters. Oh, Roderick 5 Roderick! why didst thou stop away so long? Villainous things liave been done behind thy back." His maimer was singularly rational—every word clearly spoken—though in a voice tliat was very feeble. It seemed to me that the moment for which I had prayed and waited liad now arrived, and tliat the light of reason was rekindled in tliis clouded brain. My father seated himself as I had done, by the bedside, and took the old man's wasted baud in his. " Dear old Tony," he said softly, « becalm, E beseech thee. 'Tis sweet to be welcomed so lovingly; aud Heaven knows I but ill deserved thine affection." " Nay, child thou wert tho pride of my heart Sure thou hadst a natural genius for the exact soieuces—and wert a very pretty hind at the classics. Ilast thou forgotten all 1 taught thee by this time ?" Upon my soul, Tony, I believe I have acliieved wonders in the way of forgetfulness. But I found my knowledge of mathematics uncommonly useful now and then iu solving an engineering difficulty—as some of the gentlemen I have lived amongst could tell you, were they at hand to speak for me." " A natural genius !" the old man repeated, suddenly relapsing into his accustomed semichildish mauuer. " The mathematical! is born not made—a natural genius !" and then, after a pause, lie continued in the same dreaming tone, " Lady Barbara's will—Lady Barbara's will—ay, that was the paper—who says Tony was unfaithful ? Let them strike ! I'm only an old man. They shall never know. Tony Grimsliaw will die sooner than let them know." I looked at my father, and he at me significantly. We seemed on tho threshold of a revelation, and yet might be as far away from it as ever. Twas vain to dream of forcing the old man's memory by interrogation. The expiring mind was like a marsh fire, now flashing bright, now vanishing iu darkness. We could but watch, aud bo patieut. While the old man lay muttering, the door between the two rooms was flung suddenly open, aud Mrs. Grimsliaw flounced iu upon us in a tantrum. Now, I hud been so engrossed by tho consideration of what effect my father's appearance might have upon poor old Anthony that I had not for a moment foreseen the shock which this resurrection from tho grave might inflict upon Anthony's wife. She came forward to me with anger in every lineament. ' " I aui astounded, sir ?" she exclaimed, that you Should have the impertinence to summon a straugedoctorwithoutevenpayiug mo the compliment to ask my leave. But it matches with your general conduct, and I ought hardly to be surprised," " This-gentlemau is no doctor, madam," I re plied; " but an old acquaintance of yours." .• She had until this moment looked only at me.\ She now glanced towards my father, at once recognised him, ahd with a scream that rang through the chamber, sank swooning into chair. 1 called her maid, who performed tho usual offices, and speedily brought the lady to her senses, She opened her eyes, aud after gazing rouud her for some- moments in a half- bewildered way, she appeared to recover her recollection. " Vou do well, sir," she said, looking at my father with a suppressed fire of hate aud vengeance in her eyes,—" you do well to rise from the dead in order to seam an honest woman, whoso greatest liappiness was to have forgotten you." " Madaui," replied my father, calmly, « 1 doubt not that your guilty conscience, which must needs liave accusal you of the numerous injuries you did me, when you had the ear of your mistress, was best comforted by forgetfulness. Vou perceive, however, tliat some ghosts are uot easily laid." The panic-stricken wretch tried to falter an insolent answer, but could say nothing. Her lips trembled mutely ; she looked at iuy father for some moments with a strange expression, and then burst into a flood of tears. They were the first I had em- seen her shed, nor could 1 liave believed her stern nature capable of such profound emotion as that which now convulsed her frame. For some minutes she abandoned liei-self to that passion of weeping, then rose and rushed from the loom, exclaiming in half-stifled accents,— " I loved you, Roderick—I loved you!" My father shrugged his shoulders, with a little bitter laugh. " A pretty confession, truly !" he excliiimcd. ' Do you know, Bob, 1 believe that woman to have been the bane of my life t She was insidious as Satan himself, and was always at my mistress's elbow, ready to whisper away my credit. But for her we should never have inarrelled ; but for her wc should never have parted. And now that one life is broken, ami Barbara is in her grave, she pleads her passion for me as an excuse for liaving compassed niv destruction. Aud as I am a gentleman, Robert, I never said her a word but in the merest evcry-dav civility, tliongh I have bribed her with many a guinea. Why, she was the plainest woman in Berkshire, and had about as iiiueh figure as the village maypole ! I could but marvel at tliat liabitual careless- ness of my father's disposition, which made him speak slightly even of this business, which liad involved such serious issues. The old mau had been awaking during this scene, and liad gazed upou his wife's emotion with a countenance full of ponder and alarm. When she had vanished, slamming the door behind her, he exclaimed, iu a senile tone, " A clever woman—a very remarkable woman—but she lias her temper 3" He repeated this sentence several tunes, and at last dropped oif to sleep iu the act of mumbling it. My father and I were now, to all intents and purposes, alone. The maid had followed her mistress, nor did either reappear during that evening. It seemed that, upon my father's appearance, all discipline was abandoned. Mrs. Betty, who brought us our tea, informed me that Mrs. Grimshaw was in strong hvs terics, and that Hester Grubb was drencliin; her with braudy aud salt—at this time a pop ular remedy for almost all the ills which flesh is heir to. lining thus left in complete possession of the sick-cliamber, I took upon myself the duties of nurse, with some slight assistance from Mrs. Betty, who brought me the broths and messes wliich the invalid took at stilted intervals. He slept considerably this evening, aud seemed to rest more quietly than before my father's coining. It might liave been that the agitatatiou attendant ou such a recognition liad cxluuisted his weak spirits; or it might have been that he liad a vague satisfaction and comfort in the presence of his first and favorite pupiL My father anil I talked long. 1 had much to toil him of my adventures since we parted company iu India, and 1 told him everything with perfect unreserve—except, indeed, when 1 came to the story of my offer to Margery, of which I gave him but a sketch. He was warmly interested in myaftairs, aud much struck by my relation of my interview with Mrs, Winbolt, the milliner in Lon Acre. "Why, then, Barbara did verily make will!" he exclaimed; "and, by her manner of making it, wc may fairly surmise it was in your favor, but was doubtless destroyed by those who found it after her death." " Yes, sir; and be sure it was for tlnd. pur pose this house was broken into the night after she died, and before the seals could be attached to her effects. Tliat A r ery cabinet, which (he intruders destroyed was the receptacle in which she kept her private papers. You will remember that, as I have just informed you, she was down hero for a week before her death. Who cau doubt that, in tliat time, she put away her will, and tliat 'twas known or sus pccted she had done sol Itely upon it, there were spies in her husband's household to acquaint hiiu with her smallest movements." " Do you imagine Sir Marcus Lestnuigc capable of so groat a villainy I" " I know very little of Sir Marcus, save that he turned me out of doors on'the strength of a groundless accusation; but I know liverard Lestrauge to be apt at iniquity, r.nd I have, heard of Mrs. Wiubolt's story—given him credit for being the author of the attack on yonder poor old man, either iu liw own person or by the hands of his agents." " Hardly iu his own person, Ishould think," said my father, musing; " tliat would huve been too hazardous. But it certainly seems scaivcly reasonable that Barbam should have made a will, aud died intestate three weeks after making it. She was not the woman to be fickle or frivolous." " Indeed, no, sir; aud I. cau hardly conivc that, after the warm interest she liad ever vinced in my welfare, and with her knowledge of the wrong that had been done ine, she would leave me no pittance out of her wealth. I care but little for the loss of fortune ; my future life is to be that of a soldier—without thought of the morrow; but it goes against, me that a villain should continue lo prosper." Sly father shrugged his shoulders, after his foreigu fashion. " 'Tis a world in which villainy is apt to be prosjH'roiis," he said. The night grew late ; and, at last, even in mv father's agreeable company, L began to fed that sense of weariness, against wliich I had struggled so long, deeping over me. I stifled several yawns, dropped sisleep more than once iu the midst of a sentence, and by various other signs, betrayed my condition. How long have you been watcliiug, Bob i" inv father a*ked, bv-and-by. ' This is the fifth night?' |Then why, iu Heaven's name, didst thou not tell me so at fiisl, thou victim of friend ship ? Lie down on that sofa, and take a good night's iv,st, while 1 perform your duties by the jsick-itcd. 1 slept soundly last night, and dozed away half the day iu the stage coach that brought me to Warborough." I consented somewhat reluctantly after giving my companion careful instructions about the medicines and broths to be administered luring the. rest of the night. ' You'll awaken me, if he should grow worse ?" I said. " Ay, Boh : but I know the signs of approaching death well enough to be sure tluit the end is not so near as you fancy. You may take a night's rest without fear, l'oor >ld Toiiy's pulse is stronger than when I first touched his wrist." He was standiug by the bed, looking down at the old mau who was sleeping more peacefully than I had s<ieu him sleep since my coming. One would suppose he was renovated by your presence," I said. " Who cau tell what he feels i I told you I always liad influence ovei him-—could lead him by the nose, my uncle said. My uncle," he repeated iu an altered voice—" how strange tliat name seems! It wounded me like the thrust of a dagger just now when T spoke it carelessly, unawares. "1'was inthisro mi we parted with bitterness and anger. And I was never to see his face again! O God, how careless youth is! I thought of nothing but my own wrongs—not of his pain—although he liad been a second father to me. Do you not wonder how I have endured life, Robert, with so many sins upon my head ? But 1 have lived on, you see, aud carried my burden. Is there such an exquisite pleasure iu eating, drinking, aud sleeping, that a man should live,.for those when all else has been taken from him?" " Kay, sir," I said, " I venture to think that Providence lias meant kindly to us both in bringing, us together after so many years of scvemnce, and that in the affection of your only son you may perchance find some recompense for the loss of those you loved in the past." " In the past—in the present time—in the future, Robert," he cried in his wild manner. " 1. shall adore my cousin Barbara till I am clay. And then turning to me, with a graver aspect, he asked,— " And dost tliou verily love me, Bob—the father to whom thou dost not owe one single benefit i" " Fate willed it so, sir, but I love you with all my heart." (To be continued.) A I'hilosnpUer.—A negvo philosopher, discussing the relations of the races, said, " Yon know the turkev, be roost; on de fence, and ile jjoose lie roost on de ground. You pull de turkey oil' de fence mid be, will git up again. Yon ei-aps his wings, but somehow or inidder he gwine to get back on the fence. Now you put de goose on de fence, an' he will fall off; he dim't belong dar. 3>e turkey amde white mmi. He's doAvtr now, but is gwhie to get up again. De niggcr^Ss de goose. He better stay whftr he WlongsJ'-it^ , 