Telegraphic SYDNKY. [AUSTItAl.lAN ASS0C1ATKI) P1U-SS.] February 21. Tun ironmasters, through Mr. Mort, have reiterated their intention not to resume work \inless their proposal for only one meal hour each Hay bc accepted by the workmen. A heavy southerly gale is still blowing. Parliament will be adjourned until the 10th of Starch, with the view of a prorogation on the Oth. The writs for the first batch of election.-) will probably issue on tho 10th. It has been decided that in every instance where iiiumnyism has been shown the selection* shall be forfeited. A thousand acres at Benalla have been declared forfeited. .Sailed : The Claude Hamilton: February 22. The mail steamer Ellora takes five thousaud four hundred and ninety-live sovereigns, three thousand eight hundred ounces of silver, and only thirteen ounces of gold. She also takes a large number of passenger.-.. The southerly gale was stronger than ever to-day, with heavy rain. It is now clearing. A fortnight's later news from Fiji is to hand. ThcBritish Commissioners were still continuing their enquiries. Two sets of claims have been presented to them, one from persons who allege that they are British subjects, and the other from German subjects. Botli chums aro against the King for damages sustained. The British subjects claim over three thousand pounds, and tlie Germans a still larger amount. MKbBOUliN'K. CiucKiiT Match?All-England v. Victoiua. February 21. There was a good attendance on the ground to-day. C'osstick and Alexander resumed their place at the wickets at 12 o'clock, Southerton and Lillywhite bowling. After adding five to his score Alexander was caught by \V. Cf. Grace, off Southerton?twelve wickets for 97. Kendall followed, but was run out for nil in the first ovei?thirteen wickets for SO. James replaced Kendall, and in the second over made five, giving a good ehanee to Southettou at slip which was not taken. After that he made three four hits to the fence in two o\cr.-i, C'osstick playing very steadily. The next half-dozen overs only singles were scored, when .Tunics let out off Lillywhite, but was taken by "NV. G. Grace afc loiig-field-ofl", retiring with a score of 17, played in fine style, Cosstick not out for 21, the innings closing for 120. After a short interval the Fifteen took the field, Gilbert and Oscroft going in, and Cosstick niul Kendall bowling. Oscroft made 4 in the first over, but was nearly run out in tho next over, his escape being duo to the loose fielding. Gilbert hurt his foot, G. F. Grace running for bim, Wyndham then took up the bowling, and took Oscroft's wicket the first over, be going out for P?one wicket for IS. Greenwood followed Oscroft, and gave Cosstick a catch at slip, which he did not take. Janies replaced Vt'yndham, and in the third over bowled Green- wood, who retired for 4 ? two wickets for -10. M'Intyro joined Gilbert, and after making 2, was well caught by Cooper at point, bowled hy James?three wickets for 12. Hum- phrey succeeded M'lutyre, and after making 2, there iras an adjournment for luncheon, Gilbert being [3,1, "not out. The Englishmen won by seven wickets. A match of eleven aside was then got up, but was a poor one, the fielding being indifferent and the bowling ordinary. Grace's score was 120, Jupps' 45, G. F. Grace 17 J Hum- phrey nrnde 8. Over 230 runs were obtained bafore the wickets were drawn. In our issue of the 20th instant an adver- tisement appeared of a robbery having been committed, whereby n considerable sum of nioney was lost, consisting of one ,£20 note and the re- mainder .£5 notes, the numbers of same being also given. It appears that, on the 21st instant, a man named David Prothero bought some goods from Mr. Johnson, storekeeper, Fortitude Yalley, to the amount of £3 14s., giving in payment of same a .£20 note, thc balance having been paid over by Johnson to Prothero. Shortly after, Johnson found out that the £20. note answered the description of the one advertised in our issue of Friday last, and at once gare information to the detective police, which led to the arrest of Frotboro by Detective Ferrell, at Kangaroo Point, on Saturday; after which Detectives Fer- rell and Anderson succeeded Sn recovering two of thc other £5 notes and other single notes equal to the amount of the £5 then missing. Edward Short, who lately arrived from thc bush, was the person who was robbed. We have always thought that our Ipswich, friends were unnecessarily alarmed at the id.es.oE the railway being extended to Brisbane. Our opinion has been, and still is, that they will bo moro benefitted than injured by tho extension and we are glad to perceive from the following paragraph that a similar opinion seems to be ginning ground nt " tho Weat End." At the last meeting of the Ipswich Municipal Council Alderman Chubb said he wished to bring under the notice of the Council the fact that thc rail, way camed away certain houses on the corner of Waghorn and Brisbane streets, and he thought it would be advisable to request the Government to put up for sale the frontages on tho otherside of thc street, known as the old haymarket re* serve, which would never bo required for tho purpose intended. A great many people were being put out pf their places of business and did not know where to go to, and if these frontages were sold it would open room for them and im« prove the town. He proposed that the Legish, tive Committee consider the matter, with a view to requesting the Government to put than un for sale. The Mayor seconded the'motioi?";' ^5, was carried unanimously. ^ Tm: ceremony of laying the corner stone Christ Church, I'etrie-terrace, was performed by Mrs. Tufncll, on Saturday afternoon, at 0 o'clock. There was a large number of spectt. tors present, and the interest in the proceedings was greatly enhanced by the presence of the choir of St, John's, assisted by members of other choirs, which of course rendered the singing of the different psalms and hymns verj pleasing and effective. The proceedings were commenced by the choir of St, John's niareuin* from the church at present in use in the Ceme. tery to the site of the proposed new edifice, singing the hymn, " Onward, Christian Soldier." On their arrival, everything was placed in order for the laying of the stone. Copies of newspapers of the current date, with a plan of the propsed building, were placed in a cavity under the stone, together with tho following inscription, written on parchment :? " lu tho name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, this corner stone of Christ Church S,»;i laid by Mrs. Tufnell; His Excellency the Most Noble Augustus Constantine, Marquis of Nor. numby, Governor of the Colony of Queensland; the Itight Rev. Father in God, Edward Wyud. ham Tufnell, D.D., by Divine permission Bishop of Brisbane: on the 21st day of February, in tho year of our Lord 1S7-], being the thirty-ninth year of tho reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria." After tho Bishop had read an appropriate address, and the form of prayer usual on such occasions, the choirs sang the 8-lth Psalm, Mra. Tufnell, assisted by the architect (Mr, Suter), then laid the stone, saying, as she did so, " In tho faith of Jesus Christ we placo this corner stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Another psalm was then sung, and after several other prayers had been read, the Bishop invited those present to place their offerings on the stone, which they did very liberally, tho sum of £137 7s. lOd. being contributed. Tho Bishop thou made a short address, stating that he was thank* ful he lind been permitted, before leaving tho colony, to take part in this important ceremony, and it was an erent to which both himself and Mrs. Tufnell would look back with pleasure. Ho said this church, when finished, would supply a want long felt, and would be of great benefit to a largo number of people living around Milton and Petrie-terrnce. It was very gratifying to witness now churches thus springing up in our midst, as well as the older ones hoing enlarged, and lio trusted that those who had taken the matter in hand would pcraevero in their good work until it was completed, when they would then bo tibltj to assist others in doing the same. They WWO till members of one great Christian brotherhood, and should do all they could to help one another, His Lordship concluded by asking theta all, not only to assist by their alms( but to make the success of thc under- taking the subject of their heartfelt and earnest prayers. After the singingof an appropriate hymn, the Bishop pronounced tho Benediction, and tho trowel used in the ceremony having been pro* sented to Mrs. Tufnell by Mr. Lawry, tho com- pany dispersed. Plans were exhibited of tho proposed building, which is to be n substantial edifice, with an open-timbered roof ami a circular chancel. Its dimensions, will be ninety* five feet by fifty-four feet, and when finished it will be capable of accommodating 400 persons. It is to be erected in a very central position, the site chosen being on tho high ground just out- side tho present Church of England cemetery. During tho afternoon tho children atteuding tte Petrie- termco Church of England Sunday school were given it treat in an adjacent paddock (lent by Mr. T. Dowse for tho occasion), wliero they enjoyed themselves until called upon to take part in tho above-mentioned ceremony. Tho provisions for tho treat were given by several tradesmen and other friends. Mn. J. F. Gakiuck, ono of the candidates for the Valley, will meet the electors at S o'clock this evening in the large room of the Queensland Clothing Manufactory, Brunswick-street, for- merly known ns O'Brien's City Hotel. Mr. T\> E. Murphy announces his intention of addressing the electors opposite the Royal George Hotel, Ann-street, nt the same hour this evening " A Victim " writes to complain that tho steamer Queensland is advertised in Satimlay s Courier to start for Maryborough at eleven o'clock that evening, and for Maryborough, Bundaberg, Gladstone, and Rockhampton, at 1 p.m. on Tuesday next, which is obviously .1 physical impossibility if the vessel carnes eugfc "A Victim" says nobody is better aware of tho impossibility of such a feat than the directors M the A.S.N. Company and their Brisbane wf< and he ("Victim") objects to the public being wilfully misled by such anuottneemeuts. The steamer Alexandra arrived direct from tho Endeavor Hiver yesterday afternoon, bavins come up to Brisbane for a supply ot coal?. Cap* tain Stewart having experienced strong southerly winds since leaving on Monday last. The vessel brings neither cargo nor passengers, and will re- sume her passage to Sydney this morning. Frenl Captain Stewart we leam that the weather which had been exceedingly inclement for s°m'' time past, changed with the moon, and l>°F' were entertained of a continuance of fine weatue, There were eight vessels at the Endeavor when the Alexandra left, and between two and threo thousand persons in Cooktown, the uinjonty 0 whom were bound for' the Palmer "f=o sovii 03 travelling became practicable. f The following sittings in Insolvency are set down for hearing this day (Monday) First sittings: Thomas Raleigh, Thomas Hinks, John McCarthy, Alfred Hair, and Edward (Sawyer?) Adjourned first: Israel Shaw, J*6"^?",, Huston, Horace Turner, Samson Brothers, ? ¦ J Kosvit7.-Adjourned third: Joseph^"^ Adjourned certificate sitting: PhUJip Prince. To form sub-committees for the ensuing year; to fis the rate of assessment; and to appoint, and vote the salaries of the Corporation officers, Will be the principal business of the Muuicip'al ' Council at its meeting this day. Tho following aiotion by His Worship the Mayor has also to be considered,?" That the sum of twelve pounds be gnuited to the Brisbane Hospital for the year 1874." We understand that there will be at least sis candidates for the Town Clerkship. Tim Dalby Herald, alluding to the vacancy that has occurred in the representation of Forti- tude Valley, says :?" The promotion of Mr. lilley to the Bench?an act whether for good or for evil for which they are no more responsible than their immediate predecessors?has removed \- a very uncertain friend and a, very daugerous opponent out of Mr. Macalister's way, and thus Itu* on his own side he is strengthened."?The Queensland Times, commenting on the appoint- ment, says :?" Mr. Lilley, in our opinion, lacks . several qualifications.which ought to be consi- dered indispensable in an occupant of the Bench We way be doing the honorable gentleman au .», injustice in doubting his ability to administer lat" with perfect impartiality the laws of the country, 1 but our impression is that he is not sufficiently sobered down to take au unbiassed view of ninny causes that are likely to come before him should lie be raised to the position he covets. He has ?so very lately shown that he is strongly preju- diced on various matters that it is difficult to " imagine that the mere change of position will metamorphose the political agitator into tho dis- interested judge. In the course of time, pro- bably, Mr. Lilley might school himself into that peculiar frame of mind and of thought which one is accustomed to associate with gentlemen who preside in British Courts of Justice. As yet ho lins not given any evidence of his having even attempted to so qualify himself for tho Bench. It may be extremely convenient to Mr. Mac- alister to shelve a member of thc Assembly who might prove troublesome, but in so grave a. matter as the appointment of a Supremo Court Judge the welfare of thc community should not be made subservient to Mr. Macalister's con- venience." A private letter from Cooktown, dated Feb- ruary 0, received in Brisbane by last mail, gives some interesting particulars relative to the state of things existing there and at the Palmer River. Tho miter gives a copy of a notice issued by the Inspector of Police in the district, which is as follows :?" Intending visitors to the Palmor are hereby advised to postpone their departure from Endeavor Port until the end of March next, lui provisions are now procurable from the stores nt the Palmer, and no cattle are likely to arrive before April. Until then, meat will not be obtainable, and the country is destitute of game of all kinds. If men are determined io proceed, none should on any account start without horses. The blacks have been very troublesome and dangerous lately, and are likely to bo more daring and determined throughout the wet season." The writer goes on to say that the poor miners aro in great straits. The wet weather lias set in, and it rains every night and all night, and sometimes for twenty-four hours at a stretch. He mentions tho loss of the horses on board tho James Paterson, niul states that the last steamer, the .Lind Ashley, came into port a miserable wreck. There is splendid gold on the Tulmer, but the telegrams in the papers regnrding the yields are not lo be relied on. One poor fellow who came in to sell his gold had only obtained loz. Sihvts. and 20grs. for four weeks' work. The claim next to where this man worked, however, washed out fifty ounces on New Year's Day. The writer believes that there are no absolute l.liuiksonthcgold-field. Some of the diggers bring in a good supply, and all ure going buck when the weather clears up, and they can get food. It costs .£20 to get a bag of flour brought from Cooktown to tho Palmer. He says that Cook- town is a more comfortable place lo live in than when ho first went up. On tho day of writing lie had somo mutton for dinner at ls. Od. lier lb., and purchased some pumpkins nt ISs. per cwt. He considers this getting on favorably. The Endeavor is described as being just like Gympie or ;my other gold-field. The great heat had abated a. little, tho rain having cooled the air. Concerning the rigging of the market in England hythe Cornish tin smelters, "-Egles" writes in tho Australasian ??*' Anyone looking back at tho price of lin twelve months ago will lind tiint the value has fallen from 20 to 30 per cent. Tho decline is to some extent due to the largo supply from tho Australian colonies, but it is nlsu in pnrt owing to the unscrupulous tactics of the British tin-smelters, who rig and rule .the market just as they choose. I have just seen a letter from an Australian in London, who says : ?'These- Cornislnnen aro every week pub li-shingsome beor other about Australiaand itstin. i\ few months ugo they said, " The Australian tin has now leached its maximum, for the com- panies have all been working at a loss of capital, and when that capital is exhausted we may expect no more." Then in .a short time they my, " We must look to Australia for the supply of tin, as our mines are falling off, and the linnea mines have yielded far less than for years pnsl." In both theso statements there is false- hood. Since these tin-smelters have had Ans indian tin to deal with they nre the most arro, gant lind unscrupulous ? of monopolists ever known. If a large sale of Australian ore is to take place, down go the tin standards ; that is, they all meet mid agree not to tender for the ores offered above a certain rate, which, as a fact, has been £6 per .ton less than the ordinary rate. There is but one remedy?Austiiilia must fhip metal, not ore?ingots, and not tin sand.' " The southerly gale which lins been recently blowing along the coast has had one good effect in bringing into port three Adelaide vessels with Hour, whoso appearance was anxiously looked for by importers, their stocks having run very low. DocTon Hessisos, lute of Taroom, died nt Dalby on Tuesday last. The man Greaves, who was lately reported as ?'.st from Weranga station, was found drowned in Weranga Creek, on the 13th institut. Sexiou-sergeant Judge, who for several years has been in charge of the Rockhampton district, lins been transferred to Ipswich. The sergeant was very successful in keeping the peace in liockhampton by a judicious combination of *mriler in mada ctfortiter in rc. In Ipswich he will, we dare say, iind his position even more satisfactory. . The paid telegrams transmitted through the Port Darwin cable during the week ondiugi?ebru nry-C, were as follow:?South Australia des- patched <J and received 5 ; Victoria despatched 31 .'ind received 39 ; New South Wales despatched 17 and received 29; Queensland despatched 7 and received 3 ; Tasmania despatched 1 and re- ceived none ; New Zealand despatched 5 and re- ceived 3 ; Western Australia received 1 and des- patched none. Tue Stannum Miner appears to have satisfac- torily interviewed the Hon. Secretary for Lands on the occasion of his late visit to Stanthorpe, for it speaks rather decisively ns to what is to follow Mr. Stephens' recently acquired knowledge of the peculiar wants of that town and district. The Miucr says :?" He will at once advise his colleagues to bring Stanthorpe under the pro- visions of the Towns Police Act, which will speedily cause such nuisances as the drain in front of Merry's store to be rectified by the owner of the opposite property. The state of the main street and the crossing at Quart Pot Creek are to be brought under the notice of the Minister for Works. The hon. gentleman has also determined upon extending the town re- serve, ami offering for sale suburban blocks of land varying from 10 to 200 acres, and also of extending the provisions of the Homestead Areas Act to the Stanthorpe district, so ns to enable persons to take up homestead areas on the Broad- water and other suitable localities." Tut" traffic returns of the S. and W. Railway for the week ending February l-l were as fol- low :?Passenger fares, £471 ISs. 3d. ; goods and live stock, £1535 Io's.; parcels and miscel- laneous, .t'59 10s. ud.; total, £2067 ts. Sd. The corresponding week of lust year produced the following receipts :?Passenger fares, £472 19s. Gd.; goods and live stock, £1433 ISs. Od., par- cels and miscellaneous, £53 ltis. Sd. ; total, £1900 14s. lld., showing au increase of £100 9s. Oil. in favor of the past week. At the Central Police Court, on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, two drunkards were discharged, undone tined 10s. or twenty-four hourr) in the lock-up.?Anne Messenger, also charged with drunkenness, forfeited her bail. ? Zachariah Smith, arrested on warrant from Gympie, where he hud been fined £5 under the Vagrant Act, was discharged on his agreeing to pay the tine. He stated that he knew nothing about the Gympie Bench having fined him until he had nearly reached Brisbane.?William Hall, charged with obtaining goods under false pretences, was, on the application of Sub-inspector Slattery, remanded until this morning. Ox Thursday evening last (says the Queens- land Times) a deputation, comprising the Kev. Thomas Craig, Messrs. W. A. Smith, W. S. Barr, John Scott, George Phillips, and J. Irwin, waited on Mr. Andrew Buchanan at his resi- dence in Thorn-street for the purpose of pre- senting him with a purse of sovereigns, as a token of the esteem in which he was held by the congregation of St. Stephen's, with which he has been connected as secretary to the managing committee for the past two years. l-'itoM an article in tho Toowoomba Chronicle on thc late judicial appointment, we extract the following amusing paragraph:?" As a politician the Premier will lose a tower of strength by Mr. Lilley's withdrawal from tho Assembly, whose ]ilaco it will be difficult, if not impossible, to supply. With this fact before him, we think more than an ordinary meed of praise is due to Mr. Macalister in his choice of the member for Fortitude .Valley ns nu Acting (and no doubt future Third) Judge. This appointment tells more favorably still to the Premier, when we recollect how a few months ago the two political leviathans stood foot to foot contesting their ground for supremacy inch by inch on tho poli- tical platform at Allora. The old adage, " To forgive and forget," however true and worthy of imitation, is a hard one to realise in its fullest sense; and tho moro praise, therefore, is due to both our champions, who had determined to smotherall party rancor mid bitter personal en- mity in the House, in which both had again met as determined exponents of a Liberal course of policy." When the Chronicle really goes in for " funny business," ns in this case, it discloses a mine of taleut for comicality which, it is to be hoped, will yet be industriously worked. A Wi'i.i,-\vritten article in the JJnrliug Downs Gazette on late political changes in England, con- tains the following brief analysis of party com- bination in Great Britain during the present cen- tury :?"Notwithstandingnil that has been said of British steadiness, there is a wonderful fondness for political chango in the national character. This trait has been particularly noticeable since the great upheaval of the Liberal party in 1S30. During tho forty-seven years preceding that datu, there hud been ten changes of Ministers, all of them (with one exception, which lasted little moro than a year) being more or -less of the Tory stamp. But since 1S30, there have been no fewer than fifteen changes; the longest duration being six years and a ipiarter, while in the preceding interval, two Cabinets lasted respectively seventeen and nearly fifteen years. Now, of the fifteen Ministries that have been in power, nine were Liberal and six Conservatives, the former being in power thirty-three years and two mouths out of the forty-three years odd, and the Conservatives nine years odd, or a little more than one year and a half in duration, while the Liberals average something over three years and two- third.*!. Further, Lord J. Bussell was in power from '41 to '-10, then came Lord Derby, whose Ministry lasted only 293 days ; then suc- ceeded two Liberal chiefs for moro than five years. Once more ascended Lord Derby for one year and 104 days. Next caine Lord Palmer- ston for six years and a quarter. After him Karl Bussell, who succumbed (through thu evil odor, of his bungling diplomacy) after 242 days To him succeeded Lord Derby for the short space of one year and 232 days, after whom Disraeli enjoyed the sweets of olliee during 279 days, and finally Mr. Gladstone mounted the highest rung of the ladder, and lins kept his foot there for more than live momentous years. This analysis will bear us out in the assertion that the heart of England is still fixed on a pro- gressive (i.e., liberal) policy, notwithstanding her temporary mutations." Tub mineral lund lately held at Stanthorpe by the "Dolcoath Company" is stated, hythe local journal, to have been forfeited, and since then to have been taken up under miner's right. Some of the late shareholders in the "Dolcoath" may like to know how their successors are getting on. The Stanthorpe paper supplies particulars as follows :?" The first claim be- longs to Mills and party, and though situated among the old workings, is yielding wages to the holders. The next is held by Duncan and party, but nothing payable has been yet found by the holders. The stripping varies in this claim from 5 to ll feet, and the tin is very patchy. They were prospecting the ground. The next is Turner and party, who have not yet succeeded in finding anything payable, but are still pros- pecting the ground. Above the old workings Burgess and party have ii fine block of ground, little or none of it having been tried by the com- pany. The stripping is rather deep?from S to 10 feet in places, but the ran of wash we saw on Tuesday last was very rich, and has every ap- pearance of continuance. There are six in this I party, holding six amalgamated claims. The ground, we believe, will pay them well." The Wheal Edith claim at Stanthorpe is re- ported to be turning out twu and ii-luilf tons per | week. The Grund Junction ground', let on tri- bute to Mr. Itansome, and worked in rather a superior manner with steam machinery, is spoken of as follows by the Stanthorpe local journal :? " A prospect, we are informed, of eight pounds to one dish had been washed out of one portion of the lode which had been baled dry, and al- though there are doubtless barren patches along the lagoon where the bar rises, we feel convinced the run of tin will be found very wide, extending into the embankments for a great distance, and that immense deposits of ore will be found in the deep portions' of the hole. The width of ' made ground' on either side of the hole is very great, and has long since been prospected and found to contain good tin, so that there is every prospect of the width of payable ground being very extensive here independent of the contents of the hole." Tim Surat correspondent of the Queensland Times writes:?" The Rev. Mr. Fouhy has again ' visited the neighborhood, and has materially augmented the number of his flock by christen- ings, &c.; People think they had better make their children Catholics than not haye them christened at all. Bishop Quinn certainly pro- vides for the spiritual welfare of the lloumn Catholics in his diocese. Mr. Fouhy' is the only clergyman of any denomination who has visited the district for a length of time. 