THE LONDON OF TO-DAT. Thejjondon correspondent of the Courier gives the following interesting description of London:-Four millions of human eouls! Foar millions, la roand numbers-as statis tics tbfarm tie-in this LoDdou aud its Immediate environsi It Beetns at times difficult far the mind to realise the prodigi ous fact, that within this very contracted spaoe of ground lives, moves, and struggles on ia every variety of fortooe and condition, . mass of humanity more than doable the entire population of ail the Auetralias, and In number some fire times greater than the whole community of the colony of Victoria. And yet, Strang# to lay, nothing is more eommon than to overhear Australians, freshly arrived in this city from the Anti podes, candidly confess that London has sorely disappointed tbem, and that it by no means to far surpasses Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, or Adelaide, ai one might reason ably expect. TbU disappointment, whan we come to refi'Ct ii littye span it, is not only not sur prising, bot it seems perfectly natural. Why ire people invariably oo a first view diuppglnted with tbe ocean, wltb tbe Pyramids, with tbe Fella of Niagara, or with any other object of whioh tbe hnman imagination has formed conceptions. No re&lUy; can «?er satisfy. We find that either of tbe ocean or of "the Falls" we can, in faot, at any one moment take into the view but a very circumscribed part. No horiaon bounds the ocean whioh is seen only far tht "mind's eye/'and In like manner tbe mat) who bas nevpr yet set foot in London forms to hlo?sdf a mtnesa which venisbas, or. rather,ner«r appears on hie first emerg ing from tome railway atation into tbe partlcnlar drop of tbe vast stream of ilfe into wbloh be is thai oast. Tbe fastness list ont of view. His eye cannot pierce it. Amere throng of people may be bad any whmvin Parts, In Oalro, in Melbourne, or in Brisbane; bat it Is only after a while, and on -finding that yon may and do wander for weeks, without getting away from this really nwfnl and ubiquitous rnsb and crush of bom id creatures, that tbe first impressions of disappointment are displaced by feelings of a very different character. What eager Usui What energy! What self-engrow-1 ment of etch haman eool la it* own one otjeotof the moment, a* tt rnihes put yon; yet lrhaVdependency, in »oine wty, of etch tipanatl. Of the wyrlada of myeteriou* item* of bnmanlty, who, like ghosts, flit by Top in Mjngle boor, eo keenly intent on the batineM of the tnoauot, bow many thon. uodi of tbejn unit die before a week it over tbelr head*, and why should you your »elf not be one of theiefhna blindly rtubiog to the £aa) wblph aw*U« no allf" XsrxM, .bedding tear* ai the thought tbat within a bnndrei 'year* not a veitige of bi* Taat boit before hi* eye*, oonld be aeen on earth, ii only the amotion, or eometbing like it, of .tery nan. wbp i» thn* in the midet of uiiUiUM Mktl blmtelf. How exeitingto the Imagination!* tha maul How ioiignifioant «eem*eioh atom of that maul Men are .omething to themaelrei and to each other at . dinner table, in the olob or in a draw, ing- toom. In Irfmbard-atreet, Wbiteebapel, orShoreditoh, or Hyde Park, or "tbe Boro," tbey are tphemeride* flitting in the *Dn*btne, .oota to be iwept from the aoene altogether. Tollre thli mereierenty yeare aeemibardly eo tnaob trouble, and fereriih ttirand .tnfe for. the prolongation of enoh a atate. And yet, like other epbemeridei, we ma*t .aoh and mil of n* do oar little life here In tome feebion or other; and, abort a* the pro ve** m*y be,-it ii not wanting either In variety orlnfanaeneu. The fonr millions are now In tbs height of the London season. The atoms th»t people thl apnbeatn, ere at their briskest, whenoe j oomes thli bewildering concourse and tumult «t «geip*g»* which tna Into doteue of dead-! lopks in parka end streets f Where end bow, end by whom i* produced the over whelming, tod (m some one hie celled it), aJmoat "indecent exposure of wealth," wbioh every afterooon exhibita itself io the d rivet It it the confloence of all the .treami and tributaries of population* with | money to apend from all the civilised coun tries of the world. Squatters from every part of Australia, Princes and Panees, and returned merchants and lawyer® from India; j riifb Americana from every State in the1 mighty tjnlon of the West, ewell the at all time* Immenee gathering of homan soule j fcere, "In the Maion " And there ie one day In thli aaaaoo--the Derby day-on which yoa may more effectually analyse the | competition of the community, than on auy j other. On that dey, eo vast is the efflux of all classes to "The Downs," that it visibly affects with a certain onwonted dullness and | qniet, the general aspect of the London .treeti. Along the whole line of roada to ] Xpaom throng the thoaaanda and tens of thonaanda, In eeareh of business or pleaenre.1 The nobleman'a foar-in- hand, the more quiet j family equipage, the 'bosses covered with passengers,thecostermonger'ahnnibledonkey and cart, the open vans laden with joyous j sonls hilarious over their barrel of beer In their midst, togethtt with the countless throog of pedestrians of til kinds, make up a scene which can have no parallel elsewhere in the world. Travelling born bands, gypsies, Punch and Judy's, pickpocket, thimbleriggera, London ganim of every variety, pour slung In the promiseuous crowd, affording for . brief space to one-half the world, a partial glimpse as to bow- the other balf lives. On the raoeooane. how ever great the stir and excitement, there is little to edify, bnt ranch to disgust, and to justify Charles Dickens' disparaging remarks on it, lately quoted by Sir Wilfred Lawson in the House of Commons. Vulgarity, bloated wealth, the open and audacious indecency of painted and flaunting women of the town-"the demi-monde," as it is the ridiculous fashion to oaii them-these are the features of the MOM which com* molt prominently before yon. And wbilet the women quaff their champagne, end pick a chicken tone-making eyes, and ocossion ally coarse speeches to the men aroand-poor gaunt, unkempt, half-naked, famished-look ing ladR, who ha*e walked kit tbe way from town, prowl nodor and among the carriages, betgtcg for the li&lf.plcked; bones, »htch, when got, they often bite and tear nltb a garage hunger, which no acting or trkkery could simulate. Other lada diversify these feeding foraya with earnest appeals for the empty boltlei, by the Hale of which tbey can make a few pence. As usual, tbe colonies supplied a very respeotsble con tingent to the racecourse On Derby Day;and mutual greetings and tba making up of luncheon parties, among Melbonrneites, Sydneyltes, Britbaniani, &0, werp taking place on all sides. 