M. GUIZOT. In " Men of the Time" is furnished the following brief sketch of the life and history of the above distin guished statesman and author, intelligence of whose death has just been received: Frangois Pierre Guillaume Guizot was born October 4, 1787. He was bthe son of an advocate of Nimes, who perished in the excesses of the Revolution. Guizot wase educated at Geneva, and at a very early age was meeaster of tle learned languages, and knewv German, English, and Italian familiarly. In 1805 he left Geneva and went to Paris with some vague idea of adopting the profession of his father. He mixed much in literary society, and entending great assist ance, though anonymously, to Mademoiselle Pauline de Meulan, she inspired him with a tender regard which resulted in hier accepting him as her husband. She had intimate relations with the chiefs of the ]Ioyalist party, which opened to her husband a politi cal career. In 1809 M. Guizot published his " Lives of French Poets:'," a translation of Gibbon's " Decline err. Fall," and other works. In 1812 M. Guizot was nppointed to the chair of history at the Sorbonne. After the breaking up of the first Empire the new sigime was found to entertain the highest idea of M. Guisot's talents, and under the Bourbons he took asome of the highest and most responsible depart mental positions. But Ihe belonged to thle Liberal party under the Restoration, and was driven from power wheh the. assassination of the Due de Berri turned the ucale in favour of the counter revolutiotrry party. He wrote very strongly against the Draconian measures of M. Villblo's party, and was suspended from his lectureship in 1825. This caused him to derote his autention more exclusively to litera. lure, when he produced "Memoirs Relative to the English Revolution," followed by a history of that event. He also wrote " Memoirs Relative to the His tory of France," and "Notes sand Essays upon Shak epeare." He was at the same time a contributor to bothl French and English j'urnals, and his house was thIe resort of the leadin htrerary men of the day. In 1827 Madame Guizot, eminently a woman of letters herself, died, and M. Guizot found relief from his be. reavement in lectures on the course of modern history; on eivilisaetion in Europe, ad other labours of a lite rary character. At the age of 42 hIe wase elected to the Chamber of Deputies, and in 1830joined in the address that caused Charles X. to issue those ordinances of July, which so speedily brought about a revolution. Under tile Government of Louis Phillippe, which fol lowed, M. Guinot at once took the high rank of Minis. terofthe Interior. Twoyear afterer, uoderSoul' Go oernment, he was Minister of Public Instruction, and during the wahole of lthat monarch's reign held high Min isterial or diplomatic office. It is, however,ae a memn her of the Ministry of 1840, after he had retired from the London Embassy, that he became best known to Englishmen. On obtsining power, in 1840, his task was exee·dingly ditlicull. England and France werestartled by the projeclse alli aibition of M. Thiers, and it was noeasy aot tlor tocl?l theexeited feelingsofthe French and to disailtate the euo,-icions of the English. But the device of" peace at. anyr price" in a degree suon ceeded, till the alifirs of Tahiti interrupted the friendly relations of the two eoantries, and the vexed question of the Spanish marriages again excited considerable alarm and distrust. Ma. Guizot's conduct in the last matter was thought by many to be discreditable to his diplomacy. His rule came to an inglorious end in the revolution of 1848, after he had held the portfolio of Foreign Afflire for more than sir years, and he with drew from active political life. It is only a matter of juatice to add that whatever may be thought of M Guizot as a politician, he has earned a distinction as an author which must long secure eminence to his name. Since his retirement he has written two more volumes of his admirable "Historyof the English Re volution." His chief works were all translated into English. His later works include a defence of the temporal power of the Papacy, which gave rise to much diseussion at the time, both in France and in Englsand. The " Public Speeches of the late Prince Consort," translated into French, with an introduction by M. Guizot, in which the latter favourably con trasts the sets of the former with those of William of Orange with regard to his wife, appeared in Paris. A correspondent of the Sydney Bsening Neas fa~r nishles that journal with the following strange story, which he introduces with the remark, "I would not have you think that I have any ambition to become the author of a ghost story, and trust that you will suppress my name (which I subscribe) in the event of your publisbing this letter;" and goes.on to tell: "On Sunday evening last, at about 11-15 p.m., I was returning to my home by what is called the 'pad dock' in Gipps-street. When about half-way between Macquarie and Smith streets, I observed something near the fence, on the right-hand side, which appeared to me at first sight like a goat. On nearing it, how ever it appeared more like a person under the ioals ence of liquor ; and I went up toit with the intention of assisting him or her to rise. I struck a matehb, whlich went ot ; a second attempt was more suecess ful. Holding it dowo clhse, I observed a man's face, about twice the sise of an ordinary ones. It had a wlite nightcap on, the eyes were open, the forehead, nose, mouth, and general features stood out in bold cutlioe, and clearly recognisable s the skin of the face was muich shlrivelled, and appeared like that of an old man. It htid stumps of urine from about the elbow, which w-rie held erectr. The legs were cut from abosve the tlhi4,he. It. hald oa a sort oflshort niightshirt, which came only to the Ioite. I became very much afraid, and uade the be.ltof my way towards home. When at the corner of Gipps and Smitll streets I met a man, and such was my agitation that it tlook ms evenral minutes before I could cosvey to him what had oa curred. We at once wenst back to the spot. Theman went up to the object and struck a match, but immes diately sprang back to me, crying out, It's a-- spirite-get a stone and bit it.' hMy eyes were on. the object; and when hlie gave expression to these words it wearnt from my eight in some mysterious manner. Since speaking of this I have found that it has been seen before, in eactly the same place and manner, by persons whore names I enclose. No doubt on the appearance of this statement, the party who went back with me will supply you with his name in oon. firmatlion, as l am unacqusiuteod with him." Major Bopats, the Q.uoen's Ngatiopouor, has beoen on a visit to Melbourne, and writes to the journal published in the Maori language in New Zealand many letters concerning the pakeba and his peculiaritiel. In one of these e says :--" I aceompanied the Gover nor to a Government musie-hall (Town Hall, contain ing a large organ), and also to a boilding for the ex hlibition of arrs. In this latter building there are some shocking tlings--imnges. Really, the pakehas are a most antroordmary people! They are shocked if a button fall from a men's shirt.collar, and eaclaim -' Mind ! mind the button of your shirt! It haa fnllen off! The ladies will see your throat!' And yet they manufacture naked images of stone, and ex hibit them to travellere! Who can comprehend the mnystery of their ways !" A DUEL anD SaCEEa AT NEW OnLwO ws..-A moat remarkable and romantic suicido of a member of one of the flst families has just occurred here. The preo. vailing op;inion, is that the death was aorideootl, but it is known to the friends of the family to have been a suicide. Last winter a beauotifil and highly accom plished young girl removed to the city from Natches. Her parents were in moderate cirenmstanoes. She entered heartily into the social gaities of the season, and at the termination thereof found she had won two lovers. One was a young clerk, handsome, gay, and fascinating; she other a merchant of extensise means, but some years older than his rival. Society generally believed that the young man had won the young maiden's heart, but her good sense prevailed over her senoe of romsance, and she amcepted the hand of the merchant. A few days aago they were married. Among theguests present at the ceremony was the rejected lover. He was in excellent spirits, andnever slhaone to better advavntlz. The guests having de parted, the bride retired, and thebs groom ad ?a friends gathered in the supper-room to drink a postig toast. Just as the champagne-cork popped andlew to the ceiling, the young man entered, approached the groom, and, without an angry word ora warning,felled him to the floor. The friends interfered and prevented an immediate encounter. Thegroom, much etoited, insisted upon a prompt settlement. ,The house was searched high and low for weapons, but nothing but an old pair of rusty foils found. The buttons were broken from these, the men placed in position, and in a moment more were engaged in mortal combat. The young man was the better swordsman, and by a qulick sudden pass disarmed his opponent, threw him on his back, and was in the act of thrusting his foil through the struggling man's throat, when tbe door fleow open, and the bride, clad in ier night-dress, rushed in, threw hlerself between thie combatants, and begged her hus. band's life from his rival'a hands. The young man, with an oath, threw his foil upon thie floor, andrushed from the hIouse. The next morning he was found in his room with a bullet through his brain. The facts, through the influence of the parties engaged, were supprissed, mnd the shooting pronounced accidental. -New Yrork World. A sad occurrence has taken place at Berlin, or rather at Potsdam. which bhas grieved the Orown Prineese deeply. She is one of the few Royal person ages who venture to form individual friendships, and she had a real effection for Madame d'Oubril, a Russian lady of princely family, and wife to the Russian Ambassador at Berlin, Count d'Oubril, who has filled his important post with distinction for several years. Madame d'Oubril was mush liked in society, and well known to be very happy in her domestic relations. But about a year ago she met with three heavy afflictions, in the sccessire deaths of her meother and tWao sisters, and her hebalth aoilfered severely, while the prolonged depression of her spirits at length aroused serious apprehensions in her hboas. band's mind. About three months ago Madame d'Oubril was attacked with typhoid fever, from which ese recovered very slowly, and abshe was removed from Berlin to a country house close to the palace at Pote dam, a change which told on her health at once. A fortnight ago she appeared at a dinner given by the ambasseador to some intimate friends, and it was quite a scene of rejoicing over her eonvalsascenee. On the conclusion of the dinner shabe went int~ the palase gardens with the company, and almost immediately an alarm was raised that a lady had fallen into the lake. Count d'Oubril and several gentlemen ran to thle spot, and found that thebs lady, who had been taken out of the water, was the countess. Animation was restored without mnchl diflisoulty, but she sank rapidly, and died before morning. The saddest part of the story is that the supposed accident is now ad. silted not to have been an accident at all, but a de. libcerate attempt at suicide, the unfortunate lady having thrown her husband and her gouests off their guard by her oasnmption of restored spirits ansd gaiety. DEATe nliEtH DtHONOUs.-The life of an editor is not always strewn with roses and free pssasse; but it does our heart good to learn every now and then that the craft is worthly of its great name, and that heroism is not yet dead in its ranks. In Kentuocky, when a young man gets in love deep enough to speak his sentiments in rhyme which he is sure is poetry, and which he wishes to see in print, hie loads his shot gun, and etarts for the editor of a country paper. If the editor refuses to publish his "pomae," the irate child of genius unloads his gun under the editor's ear, Sor in some other portion of his anatomy. To the hon our f the cranft, be it said, a great many often prefer death to dishonour.-Amewrran paper. 