LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF ST. SAVIOUR'S NEW CATHEDRAL. Tints ceremony was performed on Thursday last by the Lord Bishop of Goulburn, assisted by the Hon. John Camphbll, the Bishops of Newcastle and Bathurst, and the Dean of Goulhurn. Morning service was hold at el ven o'clock in the present building, when there was a crowded congre. gation, and the Bishop of Newcnstle prehobed an eloquent and impressive sermon appropriate to the oounaion. After the service, the congregation ansembled round the stone. The day was beautifully fine, and the church onclosure was decorated with numerous flags, and with the numbers of well.dressed persona proesented a very pleasing appearance. In addition to the three bishops, righteen clergymen were pro. sent, namely: -Toe Very Revd. Dean Sowerb', and the Revds. P. G. Smith, T. Druitt, E. H. A.. Gwynne, D. P. bl. Haulbert, J. O. Botts, . R. Se. born, W. Lklte, J. Olampset, H. E. Thomson, A. D. Alcooka, S. S. Harper, H. E. Tavlor, A. D. Scares, It. T. Esrl, A. T. Puddicombe, W. H. Pownall, and D. E. Jones. The ceremony commenced by singing the 464th hymn. The Ulshop of Goulhurn then read appro. priato peerages trosm the scriptures, and with the Bisheop ui Newcastle and B,athuret and the Dean of GuOithtrn offered op auitable prayers. The Bishop of Goulburn then addressed a few re marks explan atory of the propriety of laymen being anociated with the clergy in laying the foundation stone of buildings for the worship of God. The church consisted of clergy and laity. It gave him particular satisfaction to have associated with him in the present work, the Hon. John Campbell, whose family had had so much to do with founding the diocene. Ho trusted that the building now about to he commenced would bear witness for generations to the liberahty of those by whom it was constructed, and that it would be a credit to the diocese of Goul. burn. The Rev. A. T. Poddicome then road the inecrip tion to be placed in the cavity beneath the etone, ano follows : The eornoer-.rtoeno of this butdlng, which Its the cathodral eherch of the diocese and the paroohial church of the olty of Ooulthorn, satl Will teor the name or at. Oarelour'e Cathearlt, was laid on the ifteonth day of Januanry, In the year of our Lord, one thoosand sight hundred and aevrnty.four, and In the thlrty-sevenlth yea of the reign othelr Mort fresnoue MeiJety Qcen Vlttorln, by the Right Reverend i ?t ise Thonas, D D., Lord Iiltesp of Ooulbhure, ideh d by the lie ,. John Compbll Eaep., t.L.O. the IRlght plev-roe the Lord i'i hop or hoewCeatil, the Right RevereCnd the Lee r Bishop of anthovrst, the Very Iten,,e t William H owerley, Derna of Onuhaurn, no I thIe tev. Alfred Teed uddllcoln?e. areetanut mllnlsetr Mitropld tal of tie ,rovliec, tie tight lReverend Fretleo irker, D.D., Ilitheo of Sydney; ochancellor of the diocree, The Ioeorahle Clt trice Co?lrp,'lo Rt. p o ..l . ; reC. niotrer, Cupt in Franetl Itoharb Loni toessi, J I'.; secretary, Augusetinn Marden Beltt, Eoq.; treasurer of the baudldg funt I, Rohoet Croul enu Jopliu q.t; ,rociteot, ltmufol 'T. Blaeket eql i trustees of thie lad. tranel d Itoeert Lewis Ito-nl, oIth tloreale James Chisholm?, rl., tto.C, Aondorei Foititull UI son ogq, J.P., John James Allmaeu Esq, t'.d , A hg eto[n .laredn Bette E I, coroner of tIhodltrlet ; church. wielen.e, Augusttle Mtarsden Bette, Francie Itobirt Lowis (toesi, treoerirk (lorne; eid-eSe. Charles Somoervillo Alex. ender Eq o. .I. \VLtllnc Itenry t.oyeeury, 'Phtophilus Kirke; Teprutentatlves ti the dioeeson synod, John JAnme Allmae, P.I., Charles Johnson E?.., 3t D. The corner-stone, at block of Wingollo froeetonue weighing about twenty-five hundredweight, was then lowered into its place, the Bisholp of uGolburn repeating the following words :--" Forumueah is Almighty God accepted the purpose of His servantu, David and Solomon, to build His temple at Jerusaen lem, and nothing doubting but that He favourably allowoth this charitable design of ours to build a house to His glory, we therefore, on beholl of His ehuroh and people, lay this corneor-tone of a ohuroh to be the paroohial ehuroh of the city and the cathe dral church of the diocese of Goulhurn, (and to hear the name of St. Saviour'e Cathedral), to the honor and glory of the holy, eternal, and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The congregation then repeated :--" Ad may the glorious Majosty of the Lord our God be upon us. Proper Thou the work of our hands upon use; 0, prosper Thou our handiwork." The Bishop then declared the atone truly and pro perly laid oa the corner-atone of St. Saviour's Cathedral. Hie Lordship then placed on the corner-stone £60 from the Bishop of Sydlny, £60 from a friend, £20 from J. Prig E.q , £100 from Hd. Ctmpbholl Eq. (In p.tymont of his first subaoriptien), £100 from ,on. Chas. COmphbll Eq (ditto), £10 101. from Bee. P. (. Smith (dlilltto), £1 from a clergyman, and £20 from V. Daels Edq, Goindora. The Rae. A. T. Peddioombo aloe put on the stone £50 from a friend ; ad others in rapid succession followed the example until the amount reached nearly £900. The Hen. John Campbell referred to the groat pleasare he experienced in osdistingat the ceremony. It wae only necessary to look at the old building to ose that a noew one was required. He had assisted at the laying of the foaldation-etones of eoveral churehes in the colony, and in overy o.se they had ooen completed, though sometimes the funds had boon low enough, as-in the aone of St. Philip'a Church in Sydney, when at one time its promoters had but £2 10s. to thoir credit. Although now aun old min he hoped to live to witness the comple tion of the present structure. Rlfurring to the splendour of the cathedrals of the mother country, the eight of which he considered alone would repay Australiune for a voyage home, he expreshed the hope that in good time this colony aloe would have its splendid oatbedrals. He trtelod that the day's work would be blessed and that the now building would be completed with but little delay. The congregation then placed their offerings upon the atone. DIr. R. C. Joplin, treasurer -of the building fund, then reod the hlst of euhsoriptions amounting on the whole to £2253 14S. 41., axolueivo of the amounts laid upon the atone. A number of ladies then presented to lire. Thomas the following address which was audibly read by Irse. ?eei : : To olrs. Tuits, elshoptonrpe, G tnulbarn. Dear Mrs Thnomsnethoe tire unuapeeted neo, was first soe i anhroad that our oeelliet Bliho a h - found It neeldful to visit his utiae land, Iltwee at olle felt on .i handa thatle you eaul I not be permittol to Ieavo these shores wlth,,o teo. o ling some testlloe lel expreoseiv of the blovre ind ailfetio borne to you pertleul rely by the iadies of the pliooe e. Your oe hone lhosplta icy, your ,enwunried adl,,rs In tho servicea four I)lvlne \trator, the self.denial rever oxrolosd by fea, hove oullnot lo tit feelint of prh n r.l atreeno whlait witii out s mo pulct demonetral ne it was fnulld ilnpo~ltle to grtl if. Thoao pwht have beeo engaged In thics Ibor of lore have expprrienre. a redy raepoeou to their wisheo, and all hoa been anccomplished with a hoe lneca whih It would ie Impos. al Ile to moes: e Iy any money I ca:us, however la go. In plneolllg the proofs ot our esteem lt you- hanl-, we trust th ttn future timer thoo m In now at i theb , reunolo ta your mind thoer pleasano t reoiceltinn of your tntereoareo with the memberr of one or.unoh in tills da~cens , which we bellon has bee ai as Re eea It to you as we are seure it has been peoflt aibo tl us. In Jonerluinn, we earnestly pray that God may preserve the Bieshp and yoursolfdlurlon your intonied jaurnoy, and bring you stfel h*ok agaoi to the work you have to much at heart toin the diocese. eVo are, dear orma. Thomas, Your vory sincere friends, [IIoro loldowod the guiOaturcal. The Bishop of Goulhurn on bohalf of rs.e Thomas read the following reply:-n My Dear Frlende,-T am deeply touohnd, as you moy woll believe, by your great hildness, so unlonkod for, but yet so jvey gratifying to my faelingre. uch proofs of regard nnd suoeh words of loveo cannot bIut nffeIt me muoh. It has beeoon my great priviloge, as you eayeo Iabour in some nlnll meanuro for my Divine Master an this land for the pat tell years, and to elre, .o far as n woman may, in my belnovd husband's anxious work duriog that period. Tho unvarying kindnesse n have received in every part of thia vcoot dionee hns greacly tonded to tightea our burdoas, nno i IRs ever warmed - nd cheered our honrte; and now It Is no leoil grattieootioo to learn from you that thebo intercourse I have hod with so many of my sisters in Australia has been as pleasing to them iat to mh self. t most fully reciphoote your feolleeg of afheotlon; and pray th t the tto which btt hitherto hound ue together may in future years be strengthnoed by a compleote oneness oin Christ, and a more earnest determintlon mutually to spend and be spent In ilia blessed service. I wish I had words to express as I detsire to do my heartfelt gratltudi to eaoh Individual friend who has takon part In this most kild tstilmootal, and in n especial manneor to those who have mainly laboured for Its aceomplishmont. Weo ehall remember you all with prayoeful interest In that loved lacd to which o are bound or a season, and sholl look forward,If It be to 's will, to a happy meetoing with you hero, nndl better etillt, around the throne above, together with all thoso who hove wnashedo thoir rooes ald mado them whito In the blood of the Lamb. I am your grateful and affetlouate friend, The addroess was accompanied by a teetimonial conoisting of two huudrod and twoty.flvre sovereigns, and it is moro thcn probable that the amount will hb addod to. The sovereigns were containod in a henautifil myall-wood caeot asurmouatod by hand some silver fi?ares representing Australian soeoonory with an tborigint,, anil ain emu and kaongaroo, and bearing the following ineoription: This casket wlth - sovereigns, was presented to MIre' Thomas by the ladies of the diocoe of iloulburn as a tosti wony of t e esteem and atfetion with which she has beon ra' g Irded duriog her resilence among them seof nearly teoo years' Ioulburo, 15(tl Janus y, 1874. dis Lordship added a few remarites oxprseinvreof his desire to join with lro. Thomas in thanking the ladies for the tostimonial. Three choeers were then lustily given for ire. Thomas, and the proceedinge closned with the bonediotion, and three cheers for the Queen, called for by a bystander. The estimalted cost of the building is £16,000. The style will hba the decorated of the period of the Edwards. The spiro will i,e a hundred and ninety fooeet high. At present the only conlracot token is that for the foundation, for which air. Turner of this oily is the contr.ctor. The sum at preeent available in the troeasurlr'e hands exoeeds £3000. The commniltee will, it is expected, have the work proceeded with toa far as the means will lltow during the bishop's hb sonce, end it is hoped that when he returns the walls will be up. TItO LlUNctcON. In the afternoon a public lunoheon took place in the hicil of the mechacnits' institule. Thren tables had been arranged ruonning the longih of the hcll, with a cross tchlc at the upper end. Tno chair was occupied by J. J. AlIman, Eoq, polieo-megietrate, with the Bishop of Goulcarn on his right hand and firs. Toomae on his left; while the Honorable Jamon Chieholn acted as viceobhirmao, and Captein Zuooh and lIr. Conolly os croupiere. About one huotdred ond thirty persons, of whom a vory lorge proportion wore ladies, sat down. 'ho tablts wore supplied by Mlr. Fan of Auburn-slreet, and the arratugnmoonln more nnder the sotporinioldCnOe of Mtr. O.,nolly and hr. Sheppard. Alter grcoc by the Bishop of (euul bucrn, ho ooncpany procoeded to partlks oi the gucd tbings provided for them. When ccl had flalhed The Chairman proposed the heildth of her 51a jeoty the Quaen, which was receivod with enthuoi usm, the oompeny giving three hoclrty oheors. The Vioe-.Chuirmcn propoeed the health of the Goveornor, Sir tlorouls HPohineonu, which waa also woll receinod. The Chairmcau then proposed the healths of the Right BRareond the Bishops ol N?ncsntlo and Blhllcurvt atd the other visitors. (Appluuseo.) He oxpressOd deep regret that the Metropolitan Uidhop woe unaoble to attend through an accidnnt. The Rtight Rao. the Itmhop of Nawocortlo felt thankful for their hind acceptance of the toast. HOe hoped asod prayed that tto work they had commenoed thaot doy would he onorgotloally ourried on0, and that the Bi.hop of Guiulburu might hear a good report during hie absence, cnd alse might hear that evory congregation in the diocese had made a small oolleo tion. If this weor done, and overy member of the church contributed a little, with nasistanne from home and the earnest prayers of all, the worl mt:ht be brought to ia happy conolesion. (Oheers) Taeo Right Rev. the Bsh ,p of Bethurst was obliged to Ibth for the kind inannor in which they had responded to the toast. He felt great pleasuro at being present that day. He was there not only as a repruoontntivo of a diocuse, but as at friend; not only as a bishop, but as a native of the colony. He was glad to see the Hoianorable John Campbell, another native of the colony, taking part in laying the foundation-stone. Ho trusted Bathurst would soon follow in these footsteps, and that he might receive the tame amount of support. Heo hoped that friends from Goltuhrn would nome to Bathurat and bring their cheque-books with them. The Hon. John Camphell bore testimony to the value of the assistance of the ladies. He took the opportunity of bearing witness that the ladies of Goulburn were just as lovoahle as thoae in Sydney. He could not have bheleved it if he had not booeen there to soe it; end he could now report such to be the oase on his return to Sydney. He thanked them for the mannor in which they had responded to the etoast. tar. A. Gordon (chancellor of the Sydney diocese) was proud to be present with themn on such an nocu tion; and if the Metropolitan had been present he would have endorsed his words-that the institution of a cathedral in a diocese was a most useful work. Those who knew the boneit derived from the work ing of the cathedral in Sydney could hold it out as an encouragement for them to go on with the work. It was not only the clergy but the laity also who must do their duty, and must give up particular feel ings and peculiar ideas for the benefit of all. It was the duty of the laity to devote both time and money to the interosts of the church, and to strive to carry on this work. If they did so he believed when his lordship returned he would find easuch an advanon in the work no would equal his most sanguine oxpeota tions. The Hon. Charles Campbell was under an impres sion that the Church of England had cotoed to be a laot, as no one but an Irishman would hbave treated him as a visitor. He was not going to detain them, as they know every cook could crow on his own dunghill. Mr. Alexander Stuart did not know why he was called upon to speak. He felt much pleasure in being present, and hoped the work they had begun that day would be brought to a happy conclusion. Considering the enormous wealth of the diocesooe, the mwork might be completed without any great saori. floee. He bore testimonv to the benefit derived from the working of a cathedral. There was no drag on the commonity in building or in carrying on the services. Persons from all parts of the dicreel would have a right to go into that cathedral as their own church. It wan a free church, open to all. He thanked them for their kindness. The Chairman proposed the next toast with penoial interest. It was that of the Bishop of Goulburn and hire. Thomas. (Continuned applause). He wished them Go?ed speed on their journey, and a happy return. The toast might have been trusted to abler hands, but not to one feeling more from a nersonal experience of their labours in the diocese They would go to England with a greater knowledge of the different phsees of society in the oolony and of the. wants of the diocese than any other person oven with ten years' experience. The toast was drunk with onthusliam. Teoo Very Rev. the Dean of GaLthurn, who was vary much effolted, then read an address to the Bishop from the clergy. His L-nrdehip eaid he had not had time to prepare a written reply, but would try to renspond. He not only thauned them for their address, but also for their unabated love towards him. He trusted they might he strengthened in their endeavour to work for God: It weas by God's bleasing that any suncess hrd attended his laohars in the diocese. They would still be the object of his prayers, and he thanked them in the name of Mirs. Thomas and himrnself. They hoped with God's bleasing to return to labor amongst them for some years to come, and to devote himself body, eaul, and spirit for the benfit of the dioese. Hr was very thankful that his time had fallen in such pleasant plauces. He prayed that Goulburn might prosper and the cathedral be brought to n happy conolusion. The movement had the sympathies of the diooese. He had received a telegram that day from Veentworth, greeting them and wishing them Gaod speed. He thanked them for reuivinar the toast as they had done. The Rev. F. It. Srmbnrn elled for three cheers for the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas, which was heartily responded to. Captain Zouch proposed the health of the Dean of Goulburn and the Clergy 'of the Diocese, allud ing to the time when the Deon and the Roev. Mr. O?rt wright were the only clergymen in the diocese, and the Dean, thon only known as Parson Sowerby, had driven his own team, built his own parsonage, and superintended the building of the church. He hoped others might follow in the footsteps of the Dean in his upright conduct and the helping of his follow men. The Dean rose to respond amidst continued applause. He could deliver a sermon, but could not makte a speech. He could not find words to thankl Mr. Zouoh. The rev. gentleman, who was scarcely audible, opoke of the difficulties he had to encounter on his arrival in Goulburn, and then went on to speak of thbo labore of the Bishop, and of more than a bishop in the shape of his wife. (Cheere.) He felt gratified at being at such a meeting, and would not forget their kindness to his dying day. The Rev. T. Druitt had not had the same dimfioultioe as the Dean had, but had had some in his way, and had tried to overcome them. With the encourage ment and good wishes of the laity they would try to do their duty to that church to which they had the honor to belong. The Rev. A. T. Puddicombo being loudly called for, said he saw many of his seniors present, but was glad to bear his testimony to his delight in laboring under the Bishop and the Dean. Their feelings towards the Bishop had been expressed in the address, and hae was now glad to express the same to the Dean, and hoped he might long be spared to labour amongst them. Mr. Conolly proposed the health of the archi teot, Mr. Blackcet, as one long connected with church architecturo in the colony. iMr. Bltoekot in responding spoke about his firet connexion with St. Andrew's CaOthedral in Sydntey twenty-oightyears ago, aend of the diffoulty architects met with in trying to please people, and also in giving up some of their own pet ideas. The Bishop of Gaulhurn proposed the health of the Cha;rman and the Vice-chairman, and the Com mittee who had undertaken the arrangements of the day. He bore his testimony to the invariable good sense displayed by the chairman, and to the help afforded to the diocese by the Hen. Jas. Chisholm by his means and his advice. The chairman and vice.ohairman made suitablo replies. The Dean then proposed the health of Mr. Coenolly, acknowledging the assistance that he bad rendered in making the arrangements for the lun chenn. This having concluded the list of toasts, the chairman left the chair, and the company separated. TIIE PUBLI0 MBETINO. In the evenirng a publio meooting in farther ance of the object of building the cathedral was held in the hall of the mecha.nics' institute. The chair was occupied by the Lnrd Bishop of Goulhurn, who was supported on his right by the Bihoep of Newcastle, and on the left by the Bishop of Bathbrat. The Rev. A. T, Puddicombe having offered up proyer, aThe Bishop of Goulburn said they must all regret with himself the absence of the Metropolitan, who wase unvpidably detained in consequence of acci dent. As heo had aroucd him a nunmber of friends who would do jeaticu to the suhject before the meet ing, he would learve the matter to their oloqurenre, arid apolk only re to a few matters of detail. t'welne yerre ego a movmerent had been made to erect a cathedral, and £60 had been offered for the besl plan; but it was alterwards thought to be the wiser couree to first catch the bishop, and then build a cathodral afterwards. On hir errival he had Iound so meny placeein the interior that required churches and clergyinmen that he resolved to postpone the building of a cathedral till a future time. Ture wore oerly seventeen ohurches and nine other ohuroh buildings in the diocese when he took ohairg of it; now there were sixtyoeight completed, and lifteena or silteoon rising; and it seemed high time that Goul burn should be no longer left with a builliny el, ieadequate to its growing importnoco. They hadt got an excelluent plen for this building, and the ap puerenco could be judged of by irepeoling the mndel which Mr. Blakcot, the architect, had seat them. He was pleased to say that he believed the people of Goulburn were doing all they could for this noble object. It would be a parochinl churoh for the congregation as well as a cathedral for the whole diocese. The population of this city had always contributed largely for church objects, and did so in a true Christian spirit; but it was not to hie oxpooted that they could ralso all that was required for building a cathedral, and he expected the clergy and prishes in the interior to take part in ans aisting to raise funds. Too people in the interior wore in the hablit of asking what Golbhurn had done for them, and in his travels some of them s?croely appeared to know whore G eulhurn was, until they wanted to build aohurch or a parsonage, when they knew where to send for a grant in aid; but when as eistanco was wanted from themorn they were oblhvious of its existence. flo hoped the clergy, when they wont home, would fool that it was t privilege to help on this great undertalting, and from what he know of them he felt impresosed they would do something when they roturned to their seveoral spheres of labour. lis Lordship here road teltgranms from Wentworth, congratulating him upon what they had bhoen that day doing in Goulburn. HIo hoped that as the very extremity of the diocese felt the advantage of being connected with Goulburn, all other districts would largely assslt them in the effort they wore making here. At Wontworth they were building a church, designed by the diocesan architect, the Rov. Mr. Soares, at a cost of £1200, and a schoolroom at £500, and a parsonago to cost £1200; and two brothers there had given the handsomo urn of £300 between them. [ie trusted that all pr:te of the interior would aid in strengthening the centre, and so enable them to rear a building worthy to hbe the calhedral church of what.he called the great dioceso of Gaul burn. Mr. Botte then road a list of the sums promised to the cathedral fund, which together with the sums laid on the corner-stono amounted to about £1800. The Rev. A. T. Puddicombe road a note from a gentleman who had sent £60, and one from F. Tooth Esq. of Sydney, who gave £100, and regretted his inability to be present, and convoying his con gratulations. The Lord Bishop of Newcastlo moved the first re solution : Tllat this meeing ftling tile great ne eet.easy wich exists for n asltoblu chaurh foe this parslh, an t a etllo teat rer tte diocese vrews willh cxtremo satisfoetlen tile laying of the bert etone of the bauidig twhich Is to serve both tltte.o prposes; end trusts that tIe work to-day began may, through God's bleselog, On spuetily brteaht to en ltnppye' ooolution. tie remarlted thtt he had had no idea of being called upon to speolak again upon the come subjeot that he had addreossed them upon in the morning; but ho did not like to decline to spoltak on a sut jeot in which he felt a deep interest. It afforded him great ploasure to hear of the interest some parts of the in terior were taling in the great work of building a olthodral for this diocose, and he hoped the poople of Gloulburn would be earnoet, as it was more for their benefit and good than of any other part of the dioceee that the building was to be roeoted. If they were not backward in doing their part, they would. lied others ready and willing to assist. As there were many of the clergy of the district present, he would urge upon them to take annactive part in this matter, and let every clorgymtan oxplaia the question at one servico in each year, giving hi fLichk an idea of the progress of the work, and ask thern to aid it. Way should their Bsahtp wish to haveb a cathedral bhilt but for tihe purpose of furthering the work of God ,'nd to prove a blessing to the souls of the people P It was his special minsion to aid the people in their spiritual progress, and no fit them for heaven. Lt thea remember that the mesans of graoo-prayer, reading Gaod' wort, attending divine worship, and the eacrament- wuro for the spiritual good of the people; and the bishop and clergy offered up their prayerf to God for an increase of grace in the people. IHe could not see how the people cotld learn to value the new cathedral unless they assisted in its erection by their means. A child's love to its mother was nothing to the love of a mother to the child, because she devoted all her attention to its wants and lavished the whole strength of her affeo tion upon it, and therefore it wae that shbe loved it deeply. If they loved their oathedral they mots deny themealvos to aid in its erection, and solicit their Iriondo to help them. Were 'they to do this, they would soon takle a deep interest in it that would bring down a blessing of grace on their own souls. Lit their Bishop while absent in England have his heart cheered by the progress they were making; and when he came btcok they ought to show that they had denied themselves some little comfort or some little pleasure, in order that the work should not lack tbhe meane for its completion. Thus by doing their utmost in its ereotion, they would find it when built a blessing to themselveo. Oaptain Rosi seconded the resolution. He had hoped that he would not have boon called upon to speakl at that mooting, but he willingly accepted the honor conferred upon him, nod would say a word or two on the suhject. The proceodings of that day had afforded him very great pleasure. lIe might tell them that there were two present who had soon foundation-stones of two cathedrals laid in this colony--lr. John Campbell and himself. This was a rare thing for one peraon to sen. When hoe came to this colony the only dignitary of the church south 'of the line was an archdeacon. Now they had a number oel bishops, deans, and archdeaoonos who were advancing the church and preaching the gospel in the colony. The work of building the cathedral was a great one, and would cost £16,000 or £160,00 ; but if they were all to put their shoulders to the wheel there would not be much difficulty in doing it. In Albury tbheoy were building an church that wase to cost £7000; so that if other parts of the colony were doing such groat things it would make them look emall in their own eyes if they did not epeodily carry their present undertaking to a successful issue. There were some croakers who shook their heads and said it could not be done; but he felt sure of succoesn. Twelve years ago he had joined in an effort to build a cathedral, but the Bishop of Sydney said, " get a bishop first and he will get a cathedral." Those were prophetio words; and as they were now unanimous on the question they would suceoed. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried. The Lord Bishop of Bathurst moved the sooond resolution as follows: That this metling heartily congratulates his Lordship the Bishop n htrnvmg laid the frst stone of hls now nethetrat be. ore loavlngfor oIled vlit to Hgltod ; noed praying that tho orecao of th ie buldino m er prove a great coeneort and help to his Lordship, pledges ptlelf to mato evory endeavoer to forward Its progress dtrlnag his Lordrhlp's absnoce. It afforded him grat pleasure to movre this resolution, and he felt sure all present would cordially adopt it. He felt the better able to nppreoiate the offorts of his friend the Bishop of -oulbhrn, an he was placed in somewhat similar circanetunces. No one but a bishop knew the liffiuutties of managiag a large diocese. HIo had had experience both in this colony and in England. Lie had held the office of junior curate, curute, vicar, and now that of bishop; and he oould ansure them that were he to consider only his own ease ,and coentort he should prefer being a junior ourate. He wished that his own diocese was tn as favourable a position as was that of their bishop. But us it had not boon so long erected intot diocese he could not e-peat to sue auch progress as had been mole here. Toeir bishop had laboured among them for toen years, and if ouch progress had been made in the first decade of his labours, what might they expect in the future? The Bishop of Newcastle tnt the morning sbrvice and in his speloh hatl etid all that couli be said on this onry important and interesting subject, theretoro little remained for him t oay. There were about 40,000 members of their church in this lioceno, and if each one were to pay tenponcoper month during the time their bisheop was away they would raise more than oumoiont funds necessary Ior the completion of their work. In fact they would have somen to spre to assist other prts of th, diocese in buildtng churches and parsonages. te had seen the work clergymen bnd to do in England and in this colony, and hal found that those at bome had not nearly uch arduous labours ao the clergy here. From his own experience hI oculd sympathise with the Btahop of Golburn. ie knew he had betoon subjected to a good deal of criticism, and he himsuell had joined in it, and thought if he were in the ish.tp of Goulbura'a place he would do this, that, tnd the other; but now hIe saw that he had boon wrong and the Bishop elof G ulburn right and that ho had done just what he ought to have done. :In many instances the laymen were more to blame tona any one oleo, for how wee it possible for a bishop to nup ply those pluoee that wanted olergytaon and ohurohoes, unloes they supplied the mcaos P The Biehop ol Newcastle had remarked that the cathedral that htad boon commenced that morning should be one in which a model service should be performed, and hbe thought so too. tie regretted to lay that the churches in thb, athurot diocese were such that he could not commend their architectural style to the people of Goulburn, no there was no etyle about them at all. But when the clergy of this dioces. name to Gaulburn and saw the now cathedral, they would be able to talke it for a model when they contemplated building now churches. As men worn' educated aes much by whbat they saw aos by what they real, they would be able to admire and take a lon. son from the now cathedral when completed. As a native of the colony-though he had left it when very young, from the lack of educational eJtablish. msent here at the time--he felt a great interest in ail religious and social prosparity. Tna laymen hal noted well their part in this colony in th mattler of assisling in the working of the churoh ; and he thought this to a great extent wee owing to synodical nation, they having a voice in the framing of the laws that guided the church equ ally with the clergy. lo trusted that before their bishop cama back again the cathedral wouli be built and the debt upon it liquidated, and that when hbe did return they would enod him (the epekor) an invitation to be present at its coneocration. What he buad eeon and hoard whiloe in Goulburn would etimulat', him to stir up his people when he returned to his diocese. lie thought it was a wise plan to look after the work in the bush before they set seriously to work to build a cathedral, as they wore thus preparing the way whereby to pro. cure the means for its erection. They were all aware of the feet that clergymen could not be ase cured until funds were procured to bring them out, and thin being the case it was their duty to supply this deficieony. He would oak them cordially to adopt this cathedral-and adopt it as people adopted a child-with the idea of providing for it, and making it their own. The Rev. F. ?t Soathrn (of Young), in sdecnding the resolution, expressed the pleasure he felt at the proceedings of that day. The resolution had four points-congratulation, supplication, determination, and expoeottion. It was at subject for congratulation that his Lordship was surrounded by so many clergymen and bishops, and that a matter eo dear to his heart and so important to the diocese had now been commoaoced. But congratulation would be but an empty term unless supplication wore joined with it; and by the resolution they pledged thomselves to pray 'to God for the euccous of the undertaking. Then they expressed their dalterminatioa to exert themselves during the bishop's absence. His Lord ship had himself sot an examplu of determination which they could not but adt roe and ought to on doavour to imituto; and when the clergy went back to their parishes they must do their utmost in aid of the work. Their expoetation could not go so far as to hope that the building would be completed against his Lordship's return; bl t they might expect it to be in a forward state. The speaker concluded his remarks with an appropriate quotation from one of the poets. Too Roe. H. E. Thomson (Gundagai) supported the resolution. Hea felt deep sympathy inl the object of the meeting. The work of butlding a cathedral tar the diocese wae above all local interests and jcalouies; aend for his own flock he would sty that they would do all they could to help in this noble work. Too resnolution was then put and carried. Tho Rae. Y. S. Harper (Yeas) moned, That thin mwcutln; rep-eeantlcn ne It eeos all prts of thebs iletsea, aokIowludg-s thle gIoneeOUs Inaterest taton In the eenaral workl o tle elhurnel by tlhe pariah of Iloulbaro; and haerey pit' ge Iteslif In reture to usoe special etfrts in aid of le ealtlholre building fund. At he had often had the honor of preaching in Goal. lurn so he now felt great pride in the laying of the foundation-stone of the new church. 'II nine years igo the Bishop had told him that this would now oappen he should hbave regarded his Lordhip an an nlthusoiast; and unless for his Lordahip being thel leader it could not huve boon aeoumplishod. They utight to be especially glad of to-day'a event when they remambered that the wealthy neiglhbouring :olony had not yet taken otaps for the erection of a ,,athedral. He spoke of the tonets of the Church of Ilngland being an educated religion; and the more enlightenod loen bheoamo the greater the simp'icity of their religion. \Vith reugrd to the support to be liven to the fund, he thought the people of Go ulburn ehould look to the building us their parish churoh. Uti eloquently implored them to deIndicate their hearts to God; and urged epooial offorts on the part of ulergy and laity to got the building early completed. Tooe Rev. A. D. Acooks (Albary) seconded the resolution. lie bore testimony to the efforts of ioulburn in church worki; but he thought that by tmplhcation other parts of the dioceso were reflcoted in by the terms of the resolution. Tnear were many reasons, however, why the outlying districts lid not appear to do much. They iii Albary 'were far distant and acusetomod to look to iAjlbourno, and they had undertaken to build a church for themselves that would be a credit to the colony ; in aact from Goulburn not having a proper cathedral, they had almost thought of building one at Albury and getting the Bishop there. Too imposition of border duties woul t bind them more closely to New South Wales; and he would do all he could in Albury and the surrounding district to help on the building of the cathedral. The Rev. E. H. A. Gwynno in supporting th roe solution said that it cont lined a deserved compliment to the people of Gaulburo.r .His own'paritbioners saw no special oeatsion for a cathedral; and thought that Golhburn ought to build its own pariah oliurch without asnsistance from beyond; 'ut hd had poliited out that Goulburn had done a great deal in helping other distriets, that therefore some return was due, and that the building of a cathedral was a work affeoting tbo whole diocese. He trusted therefore that the outlying districts, which Mr. Acooks and himself were supposed to represent, would take. an increased interest in the work ; and that'tho'biehop would find on his return that good progress had boon made. The resolution was than put and carried. The Hon. James Chieholm moved 'That thie meeting tenting very deep regret that the Right Rlv. tile Metropolitan has in Oa s providene bena unable to attend on this interesting occasion, and prtying that God will speedily restoro thie Blsop of y ydeoy to health, desires to ex pren hearaty thanles to the Bishops at Newaotoe and Bathurst for the sympathy they have shown Ia the welfare of this dto coh by their presence and assistance. He was euro they would all agree in the expression of regret contained in the resolution. They know that the Blsbop of Sydoney took great interest in the erection of their cathodral, and that it was only'hies onfortunato aceident that provented his attending. They all felt deeply the kindness of the Bishops of Newoustle and Bathurst for coming such long dis tunces to be present; and on behalf of the meeting he tendered them siancero thanks for doing so. The Rev. P. G. Smith (Oanberra) had much plea. asure in seooonding the resolution. He thought they had overy roueason to regret that the lettropolitan had mot with such an accident; and overy reason to be bhankful that his Lordship's life had boeen spared. He was sure that the fooling of all present was that he might be long spared to fill the seoo of-Sydney with the same wisdom, prudence, dignity, and courage in earnestly contending for the faith delivered to the saints that he had over manifested. To" the Bishop of Newonatlo they wore deeply indebted for having attended and for having so ably 'and powere fully supplied the place of the Metropolitan. fp had listuned with great profit to the words of'wis. dom that had fallen from him. He would not tai the incomes of those in the diocese; but "he would advioe each to exeocoise slf-denial and lay up the firsleet day of the week as God had prospered him, and ,vidence his lovo to our Saviour by supporting religion throaughout this lanld. To the Bashop of B ethurst they felt deeply indebted for coming so far. le especially must feel deep int rest in this great work, and on account of the si:e;iarity of the two diocese3 he must naeesanrily continue to do so. The time would doubtless come when the bishops would desire to erect cathedrals in the diocesae of Newcastle and Bathurat; and us they bad come to visit Gaul. burn he trusted the people here would then sabo their nympathy and interest in thebo uandertakings by contributing towards the cost. Mlr. A. M. BIetts supported the reaolutlion. l Lordship of Neocastle had not visited Goolburm hatorie; and they hod great reason to be thankfat for his visit. The Bishop of Bathuret had visited them once; hut this certainly did not mako him less welcomen. They all regretted thbo accident to the .leropnlitnn; but this had been so frequently ex pressed that he need not dwell upon it further. The resolution wna carried by .eclamation. The Bashop of Newcastle returned his thanks for the kindness of the meeting in paning the resolution. He had pansed the forenoon of the previous day with he Maetropolitan, and had left him in good spirits. Hle was very anxious to bhe present that day; but he had adlvied him thut they would all be deeply grieved if he did anything that would at all retard his recovery. He was sure bhe had the prayers of all lot his spoeedy restoration. For his own part he wae nmuch pl?sed to habvae been able to have done any. thing to supply his placeo that day. The Bishop of Btathurst also returned hise acknow. lodgmunts. He had greatl' enjcyod both his visits r Goulburn; ard be felt that whatever of good was ,lone would indirectly beanefit also this own diocese. At the auggestion of the RtUc. A. T. Puddicombe, a collection to defray the hire oc the hall woas then maodoe, and it was announced that £3 above the aeceassary amount was realised. MIr. O. S. Alexander moved that tbholishop of Goulburn leave the chair and that thie same be taken by the Bishop of Newcastle. This having " boen done, he moved - fThlet the thtrcs cc t ois meeting be gLiro to the night Rued. ' the Lord Bishop of the dioceset for his waenduct In tbs habr,. Thoir thanks were due to hie Lordship not only foe'e .,,ls conduct in the chair that night, hut for the ahility with which he had always cendottod their meetings and the onrnnetnesr with which he had I~Iab.llred over sine. he came amongst them. The R?v. J. O. Ietts secornded the vooo ol thanks, and made a few remarks enforcing the neoessity of all oassisinr in the work of huilding the cathedral. ir. T. Kirko supported the resolution, which wao pot to the menetin and carrioed y echtamatian. The lBiehop of Gounlhorn in noknnwlodging the vote avid that this formed the termination ot what to him had boon a very happy day. Thern were ia his memory many bright eptsn oonnected with Aus tralta, and this would becolnm one of the bhightaet. Ste had to thtank them for their kindness throughout to his dear wife and to himself. B lth olergy and laity had always maniteatol to them the oreatost love and kindness; and he supposed it was because they (the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas) loved them that they were loved in return. Hlu woo deeply gratifind with the raesult of the day's work, and trustod that the ontrtbhutiona would no continou to come in that there wonld he no delay in accepting contracts for the rest of the work. Ite heartily joined in the general ex prossion of regret at the acaidant that had bofallen the Metropolitan; and he trusted he wonld noon be quite restored to health and .treO .th. Hie thanked their right rnrnrend friends for their kindnrea and efloient help. The position tf at hiehop was peolaiar. -In many respects he stood alono; and it war only a bishop that anll sympathin, with a hiahop and underntand the trials he has to undergo perpetually. And hence the attnndanon of his right reverend brethren wse to him peotliarly' gratifying. Hie praynd that Go:l' hblening would attend ill prrcont, and that the.olnrgy from other districts would go home eonouratged with the roemlt of the day's work and knowing that many in "Gtolhurn were pryting for tlhem and for the esucose of their lihnuri. Hie tmost grtrefully thanked them for the respoet and affetolin they had always shown towards himself and Mtrsa. Thomas. Singing the doxology and pronounoing the bene diotioo brought the proer adinag to a uloso. 