J# NOVELIST. XEAHiA woman op fashion/ ■ By Mm. Edwabdes, /"Ought We to VWt Her," "Archie Author I Lovell," 4c. Chapter Yin. a dance op DEATH. a /ifiter'a eye would, probably, be caught t,r */ light and shadows, the ooiouring,. the JLjic humour of the group; a preacher mtit sigh over its morality. Danton re .frfjB it from a widely different standpoint to tift either of art orsentiment, and arrives at k diagnosis quickly— diagnosis of the dis JStingroom rawer than the pulpit. Tit hare spoken before of. Leah's complexion, Aearly pale to singulanty, bat stained by Avery passing emotion, every goat of temper, .With a hue at once top vermeil and too /^evanescent for perfect health. She is white / «s any marble at this moment, lividly white. ' / nbout the month 'and lips; and all the time with a flush like day-dawn upon either cheek. / Her breast heaves unevenly. As she turns, / «midBt jestaand-Uughter, with that match* / leas grace others, from friend to lover, from . ■ ilover to friend,'you <*& detect, if yoiu ear be ■■ a trained ot&fthe; curious, hoarse uneven* nessof her ytno& Poormaterials for scarcer -of fashion these, an organisation too finely ; •strung for the. wear ana tear of fast London ; ■life, the heats, chills, tight-lacing, insufficient -clothing, carbonic arid, sleepless nights, and ! hard-worked days that the most advanced | Tank in the most advanced of all civilisa- j ^tions has to endure t £nd Jack Ghamberlayne, what of him?, Wot Canton is at no loss to identify yonder .painted, travestied figure as Leah's lover. Gas not D&ird; pantomimed for his benefit, with all the verve and malice of a Paris ?pamin, the refined little saturnalia going on /in Madame's drawingroom f Jack Chamber* dayne's haggard cheeks flame under their •mask of rouge, a fire the reverse of holy is in •his boyish bine eyes. His thin nerveless hands are all a tremble as, with comical airs and affectations, befitting his assumed •eharacter, he alternately fans himself and his betrothed—who shrinks from the contact of Ms breath, and bo draws closer to Lord Stair. •"Suddenly Jack coughs, a Short little rasping -cough, that makes him raise his . handker chief to his lips, and Danton can compote -the length of the poor lad's tether pretty •nearly as accurately as he computed that of .-any far-gone hectic patient beside whose -hospital stretcher he stood to-day.. So muehfor the physical outlook of these two people (Colonel Pascal's April daisies), -who are to be bone of one bone, flesh of one j&esh;, bound together for happiness or for •misery, like living nerves in the same body, till death them shall part! And the marriage, mused Danton—the •marriage is what good people call a suitable •one. Oh, eternal inscrutable enigma—" the ■folly and stupidity of the good 1" A fortune. frif the bridegroom last long enough to inherit -it, for a penniless girl; a handsome wife for a •man who has lived—shall we say, who has lived a little—fast, and needs the reclaiming -influence of sweet fireside affections. If the -opinion of science were occasionally asked, •in addition to that of exultant chaperons, .milliners, lawyers, clerks, and clergy, as to tproepects matrimonial 3 Well, the opinion of •science is never asked: and he, Eugene Danton, has no more to do with Leah Pascal •and Jack Dhamberlayne than with any •other pair of doomed lovers in that dance of -death called life, amidst which a surgeon, with open eyes and sealed lips, threads his w&y; perpetually. Hastily extinguishing^ his candle, he moves •aside from the blase of gaslight that Issues •- dhronah the drawingroom door, i and has ^ -already a3vaftoed- M-f<ir ng tl»» flight -Of stairs, when little Deo spies him; i5eoT whose infirmities hinder her from dancing dike the rest, and who, sitting alone in a •corner, is just beginning to realise that being ^swathed in a hot scarlet dressing-gown, ana •having one's eyes filled with cork-dust—yes, =-and even wearing a pair of twisted paper •horns, to look uke the devil—does not •constitute such very ambrosial enjoyment, After &1L 6he rushes forward to the doorway, flies -after Danton, and gets tight possession of his -hand. , "We are having the. most lively warty, &. Danton 1 Come in and see Wadarae'a salon—it's like the theatre at •Christmas. There's Naomi in papa's clothes and a chimney pot, and Jack dressed like a •chamber- maid in one of Rose's caps; and Jack has been dancing with Bits. Amiral Tom- son, And some day 1 will, tell yon ah 'adventure I •saw m the back drawingroom; and I had two wine-glasses of champagne at my dinner, arid «&his; is only my make-up, of bourse. I am wearing," says Deb, grandly, "a white wnuslin dress, made with five little flonnces -and a purler, hfid I have 'nrtin slippers,' M. JD&nton;, and ariew rose-ooldured sash." She leads, drags him, whether he will or mot into the drawingroom, and Leah, burning with confusion, finds, herself forced tointro •duce Danton to her lover—the painted, noisy, not three pafts sober harlequin at her side— '/her lover! " Danton ?" cries Jack, at no time very clear •on matters ,ponnected with literature, and •trebly hasy on all matters juBt at present. " Why, that's tiw name of the poet laureate, •isn't it—fellow who writes idylls abont heaven •and hell, and that—or was it the French Revolution, Leah t You left school later than I did. . Glad to make your acquaintance, nnybow,, Ifossou. You must come and stay with as In London—introduce yon, to all the ftitsran swells, If you care for them; I don't, dntroduoe yon to all the pretty actresses, if yon cam for them ;, J do. Have a glass of •champagne}"' . He daps his hand with tipsy familiarity •on "Howou's" shoulder, them half pushing him along, half rcUn&ng; to hfm! to preserve "" NfitlUib ' ' his own equUibrinm, manages to reach the table whereas tond the champagne bottles and jdaues. ^poumoutabumperforDanton; im drwns.down a jbumper himBelf; begins to 486tOOtlfidftnt&L; * 3 "It's not often I take to a follow at first sight,, and, as * rale, I never take to foreigners at^oU; bat, "looking at Danton with glittering, solemn eyes, "I've taken a fancy. iofoa; by George 1 have. Hit of a physiog nomist—believe in physiognomy; bit of a, ■ loo" lodge of character, I am. Ifo*, look," lower ing liDvoioe, and touching Danton with us elbow, "look at that old curmudgeon, that Old Snylock, my papa, over, there. .What do ton see writtenon every line of his face, eh? I am to-.be married to the daughter next: week, you know. Itidyfor the winter. Not by way means sure Ish&lOive; through the winter. Tlwy.must take their chance of that TelmnwasTl am, without settlements, ornot .fttydL Have some more^cham it sh&ft;^msSe'S pay for everything Jnthia house, Danton," right of rapubimong "bah, % Womta «f ^ prepijetoip ol in a whisper, yon are a right down good fellow. Hang it all, a man can't help being bom a foreigner, and I don't mind what I say to you. They are a regular set of sharpers here, ear, from Lord Stair downwards." , He puts his hand under Danton's arm, and staggers away with him to-the farther end' of the haw drawingroom, oat of hearing of everybody; Leah, with a sense of shame almost beyond her power of endaranoe, look ing on. She is keen enough to divine what kind of confidences Jack, in his present state, will make—could dirine it, evenwere• his glances in the direction of her father and herself less significant; and even expression, every smile, that steals across Danton's face1 costs her vanity a smart She does not love Colonel Pascal enough to blush for him. She certainly does not love Jack Ch&mberiayne; enough to blush for him. Her Shame is for herself. She desireB to stand on a pedestal in Danton's sight; gives him credit—curious, this, when one considers the limited extent of her moral vision—gives him credit for being a man of "ideals;" a man, that is to say, who would entertain all sorts of absurd chivalric notions about women, and the ex alted position women should hold. And she •has sunk to this already! Before Danton has known her two days, he most pity to the full as much as he despises her. . "Leah,, my love," says her father, with grating suavity in her ear, " don't you think some music—not dance music this time— would be agreeable before our little party breaks upf' Under Colonel Pascal's direc tions, Desird is rapidly clearing away the wine and glasses, with strictest whispered in junctions to bring no more. "Monsieur— eh—ah—Danton plays, I rather think; Sap. pose we request him to favour us J" " Monsieur—eh —ah—Danton is so charm ingly engaged alrfeady, papa," answers Leah. " ft would be a pity, surely, to break in on such an intellectual treat as M. Daxiton must be enjoying." However, sne quits Lord Stair's arm; she has foigotten to relinquish it ever since the conclusion of the waltz, and with her face held high in the air walks slowly across the room (" Where could old Pascal's daughter have learnt to cross a room with such a grace ?' thinkB Lord Stair) to Danton and her lover. Jack having cleared his conscience of much perilous stuff on the score of well fleeced bridegrooms generally,, himself, his loans, his gifts, and the rapacity of the Pascal family in particular—"*' For Leah is her father down to the ground, sir. A hand some girl when she is in a good temper, and a figure—by Jove, I am sweet on the girl, I know. I would go through fire and water to marry her—but come to money, and the blood shows." Jack, I say, having relieved his conscience on these and several other vital subjects, is fast lapsing towards the melan choly or contemplative stage of intoxication. With his droll little Dutch-doll face on one side, his eyes glassy and solemn, his smart muslin cap twisted awry, and his feet perched on a neighbouring chair to the level of his knees, he certainly looks about the most grotesque antidote to lore that woman's bouI could conceive of, as his mistress ap proaches. " Don't yon think yon have been amusing enough for one night, Mr. Chamberlayne? Says Leah, cruelly. "I have sent the chil dren upstairs—I have told the children to make themselves Human again. Don't you tbink it is pearly time for you to appear clothed and in your right mind also?" And she sinks down, her yellow draperies fluttering around her like the wings of a butterfly, upon a low ottoman at Jack Cham berlayne's side. '' If you knew how painfully foolish we have all been this evening, M. Dan ton," glancing at D&nton; across her lover—" foolish, «>«■! without either wit or merriment—yon would congratulate yourself, I am sure, upon your -good, narina In hy vine yhnmti numit," I know 1 wiBh I had stayed a' Tn rtlr if vinf noUavif ■* ttfaA _ _ _i away, "Cri68 Jack, candid if not gallant. *' Black suit and choker — hate black suits and chokers — worse dinner than you get at home, wine served in thimblefuls, and turned into the street at midnight." Coherence and vowels are slipping out of Jack's speech fast; his words trip each other up ominously. "What's a man to do who's turned into the street midnight—black suit and choker?" , The problem is evidently one of interest to him. As he muses over it, his eyes fixed owlishly on nothingness, his knuckles play ing feeble fantasias on bis chin, Leah manages to exchange a whisper with Don ton. "Dont—don't think worse of me than yon can help," jshe whispers. Oh, with what a quiver of the lip. " If I am wise I shall not think of you at all," is Danton's answer. Nothing more. Yet both feel that they have spoken their fiist words of love. -Up fusses Colonel Pascal, pointing out his toes in their patent shoes, with idly polite bow to Danton—hot unreasonably anxious, perhaps, as to the chances of his future son in-law falling down insensible at his fiamcSe's feet. *' You have asked Monsieur Danton to be kind enough Leah?" He never loses a chance of calling Danton " MonBieur." ," A little music before we break up. Ah, we are all fatoili&r; with MonBieur Danton's charm tog talent." Play ■ for us, will you f interrupts Leah, raising her eyes with such a light, such a prayer, in them to Danton's. " We have bean having noise enough and to spare this evening. A few notes of music will do us good." Danton looks Colonel Pascal ooolly and silently in the face. He obeys Leah on the jwatamt- She follows him to the instrument " Am I to play for you or for your father— I mean for the audienoe generally—Miss Pascal?" "Oh, for the audienoe first" answers Leah, into a blush. She has not three notes of music in her composition, but thisonly makes his queetion more flatteringly swart to vanity. "You kpow the sort of showy;things such an audience can appreciate, and then you will play something for me—me &lone; 1" Danton is a reaf mandate His'father, a Florentine of noble .birth, trod the boards from predilection—it was his famous Raoul, inthe "Huguenots," that won this heart of the shy young jKnglish girl, Danton's mother— 1 thesonhas inherited not alittle of his and the son has inherited not 4 lit ge nius. Weltxen galops, mazurkas, sort bf showy, things Suon an audienoe can appreciate"—his fihe taste and touch render even these artistic. Lord Stair tsaunters Mrog^tbe room and^watohes hub—weU-bmd, som^^rtns^me^w^d8l^^^a'rt»et-boy wlth a hurdy-gurdy and white mioe. The old ladies from the front drawingroom call out, "Very pretty, indeed: thank you so •much,''at intervals. Jaok Chamberlayne— Jack Chmnbeniyne falfo asledn and Is fnot improved by the condition ;few human befogs cutefdrtotoe are. Hii month open, his jaw droope,hj^ head filUj; he glregali aorta of ImpoisHble jerka and snorts ae he ncovm tonietf.'■(Auk foefof-the faros of contrast, pethapg tbrt he wan new » repulsive, 00 absolutely hideous, to her as at this moment t At last he fairly mils from the sofa. Colonel Pascal, hastily advancing to the rescue, suggests that his dear young- friend 'had better change his diess—' T«ghtiadng don't a#«« with yon, Ohamberlayne; a little feminine faintness, eh T—hot contrives to get speedily away with him out of the , thorn. Lord Stair,upon this,'glances at his' and snppreasesa yawn or two: then his accustomed happy knack of i vanoe," that' great fundamental art ... men and women of the world—makes a sud den retreat to the front drawingroomj and , the society of the old ladies; and Leah and Danton are alone. . ! "And, now yon are going to play for. me without an audience ?" she asks, leaning so that her Voice shall be heard by no ear save his. | "I wonder whether Miss Pascal knows the unfortunate—I may say the culpible— > history attached to the young man Danton V whispers old Mr. Pettingall, mysteriously, to Mrs. Tom-son. :■ " if things go-onlike this it will be some one's dootyto acquaint her of it,",says Mrs. , Tom-son, with &fter-dinner; severity., i "Yes, I will play for yon—if you are sure you have not had music enough already." "Enough.?; I am never tared. 1 could listen to real music for hours and hours." Leah's yawns at a concert are piteous to wit ness. In the finest parts of- an opera she, will examine the pattern of the prima] donna's sleeve, or the quality of hejr lace trimmings, or a bead-dress in the stalls, neither listening nor pretending to listen to a solitary note of the performance. "If you only knew the treat .music is to me!" So Danton plays for her. a sonata of Mozart's, and plays it gloriously. As he proceeds, the snowy breast heaves, the golden-brown eyes suffuse; she is moved, quite, beyond the capacity of thanking him, by the time .he finishes That is the way, reader, when a woman chances to poqsess an exquisite pair of lipg or eyes A strain of music, a picture, a poem altogether beyond her comprehension—with a lover, actual or in posse, standing by—can kindle her into the expression of so much more,emotion than'she feels! Poor plain Miss Smith, sitting unnoticed in a corner, her hands stiffly folded in their benzined gloves, her insignificant grey eyes fixed and tearless Miss Smith in her soul, I have no doubt, understands and feels the great master's thoughts a thousand times better than lovely Leah PascaL But the suffused soft eyes, the heaving white breast, effect their work of subjugation only too quickly. Danton is tolerably on his guard, as a man, against every crafty weapon that a coquette can wield. As an artist, he is weak—as an artist! Leah sees this at a glance, and treasures up the newly- acquired experience for future use. I dare not ask for another piece now, M. Danton, or for a song, as I should like. They are making such a noise it would be an insult to art to ask for mora but smother day, to-morrow, if you could nod time, and' when we are alone, yon will not refuse 1 Muflic is the best of all medicines, I think, when one's spirit is sick." "Medicine? I should say few spirits have less need of medicine than Miss Pascal's at the present time," says Danton, as he rises from the instrument. " Yes. That is jnst the way'we all judge each other," is Leah's answer. " If yon could know the truth!" These are the last words they exchange to night. Jack Chamberlayne has now re turned, clothed, if not in his right mind, to the diawingroom, with Naomi apd little Deb again m the stiff white muslins and silk sashes. The two poor gentlemen—who have really enjoyed their entertainment, six glasses of champagne bettor than they anticipated—are exchanging valedictory com Trti— ,ritB—rritb—th»ir ■ hnat -Ton p-iinnfj-fl later, the whole party has broken up, and Jack and Leah—who shall say how these things happen?—are alone in a small vestibule, or cloak-room, half-way down the staircase ; Leah bright with smiles, Jack sulkily drawing on his great coat, and with a cheroot, unlit, between bis teeth. The storm connubial (I say connubial pro phetically) lowers on Mr. Chamberlayne's brow, and Leah's guilty conscience is at no loss to account for his displeasure. She is really sorry for him, poor fellow—is jealousy in a lover a crime that a woman ever finds it impossible.to foigive?—helps him on with bis coat affectionately—alas 1 his weak hands need assistance—gives him his cane, his gloves. "And are yon really, really sure it is wise to walk, Jack dear? Now, mind yon button your coat well op over yonr (heat. I must see aboqt getting yon one Of those nice Canadian clouds—the evenings ate growing so chilL I should not wonder a bit if we have a frost to-night" "A deuced deal you care about my chest, don't-you?" is Mr. Chamberlayne's gracious reply. " Oh, none of that, thank you. Leah is actually offering to pin his cravat round his throat "And it you dislike the smell of smoke you had better return to the drawing- - room. I am going to light up." /'Jack? Me mind the smell of smoke," cries Leah, grammatically. " When you know that I mean to let you smoke everywhere mid always? Why, whatIs the matter?" patting her lace within abont two inches of his. " You don't mean toaajr that you are cross with me again, do you ? The tone in which she asks this is perfect— caressing, repentant conciliatory, ignorant of offenoe, everything a man in love could desire the tone of his adored one to be. Yet it. happens that the heart of this par ticular lover is mot reached. Men possessing the bluntest order of Intellect have keen Intuitions sometimes—the keener, perhaps, from their very lack of reasoning power. Jack Chamberlayne, with* all his dulness, knows that Leah is aotjng just as well as Leah knows it herself. '* I think when I am present," he breaks out, abruptly, and, to Lash's astonishment, soberly, scarcely a trace of champagne iefc in volceor manner; " when I am present yon might have the good taste to behave your self decently." " " Jackl" " I have never looked upon you as better than other people, and I know, cursed well, what a waits me ny and bye. All I ask is— don't disgrace me when I am present Yon will do as you like, of bourse, when I am away, but don't make a fool of yourself, and of foe, too, under my very nose, as you did to night" ■ Bnrprise, indignation, pity—the ghost of a • tear! Leah goes through tha little stock -repertory of injured innocence, - but without marked success. "Not know; you know what I mean Just as well as I know f' he persists. " Your conduct with that man 1b shameful. When you are married I have no doubt yon will he —UkO other married women,"; growls Jook between his tooth5 ''but as hn engaged *" Jnst for three or four dsn longer you 'tt tiyfo exist tftthout t mytgtion; %hom " tuoh eqjsn ig l^Stoir.'' " Lord Stair—oh. Jack dear ; you deliciooa creature! You meau Lord Stair?" " Whom the devil should I meau else ?" is the delicious creature's reply, "If there was another man in the house beside those tooth less old dotards of 90,1 have not the smallest doubt you would angle for him as welL" He simply ignores Danton's existence. A penniless foreign fellow, whq can jingle the piano, give dancing lessons perhaps, or write books L Why, Lean would as soon think' of D&£r£ as of Danton. If Jack bad -been married a dozen years he could harder be more exquisitely unsuspicious of the truth. "Lord Stair I I flirt with him b {You jealous of him! This is too much. ]Why, look at his age, his ugliness!" ■ " His age, nis ngliness, did not keep Lady Arabella JReid from bolting with him, did they?" "Please don't make me answerable for Lady Arabella Anybody's aitm. / have no intention of bolting with Lord Stair, if yon mean $hht." " No, I Jcnow you have not. Yon are a vast deal too good a judge to. do anything of the sort. It is not always the worst women who bolt" "Then, would you mind saying what you do mean, Jack? I hate quarrelling, as you know, dear. Let us have the whole grievance out, and make up." " I mean that yon let Lord Stair say things to jy on he ought not to say, if you will have it " And howin the worid can yon tell what Lord Stair says tome?" "Because! know—everybody knows—the things he says to all-women. Do yon think I have not watched him; watched yon both, when you ate together? And he ie with you too much; he is with you morning, noon, and night, and by , I won't have it!" That's what I mean." Leah brings her face -exactly to the level of - her lover's. She looks with curions steadiness into his eyes. " Jack, my friend, are yon fool enough to think that I—I am flirting, as you call it, with Lord Stair?' "A deuced good imitation of flirting," answers Jack, surly, yet half-appeased. The truth of what she says (veiling that other truth be dreams not of) has made itself felt "You don't care for bim, I dare say." Doubtful, poor Jack! "If you could nam really for any man. But you cam for Iris attentions, and you show him that you do. Lord Stair would not waste his time in running after any woman unless she en couraged him." "Andif I do? If I do make myself civil and pleasant to a man old enough to be the grandfather of us both, what is my object ? I am ambitious, I know. When have I tried to bide any of my faults from yon? I mean to make my way in the London world—your way, too, Jack—and Lord Stair is just the one person who can help me " "Lord Stair and Bell Baltimore," inter rupts Jack. " Well, you will be well launched in all conscience ! The most disreputable man, the most disreputable woman in Lon don for your sponsors." Leah reddens, but keeps her temper ad mirably. Nothing like an overburthened conscience for enabling one to keep one's temper. "Bell may be disreputable. I am afraid she is, rather. Bat for all that yon were more than half in love with her, sir. If there had been no Mr. Baltimore in the world, I am quite sure you would have proposed to Bell, not me." "If there had been no Mr. Baltimore," says Jack coolly, "I am quite sure Bell would have proposed to me for herself, instead of " " Don't hesitate—instead of for her friend! It was Bell who really made the offer, was it not, Jack? Tou did not follow us wherever we went; you were not jealous of every other man who looked at me; you tolerated my attentions amply. And then one fine day Bell told you that my peace of mind was wrecked through your fascinations, mid you consented, out ofpifcy, to many me! That was it, was it not f She holds her lovely face, soft with smiles, np to his, and Jack Chamberlayne takes her in his arms and kisses her, the quarrel ending precisely as so many of their quarrels have ended before. And still the reconciliation is but skin deep, kiss-deep. The moment the house door shuts Jack Chamberlayne knows that she has befooled him; the moment the house door shuts Leah's heart gives a great leap of That kin—well, 'twas nauseous, but it bought peace. And to-morrow, and to morrow, and every rosy-hued morrow until liberty be taken front her for ever, she and Dan ton will meet. 