/ . TITTLE TATTLE. VELUCE IN SPECOEUM « You'll scarce believe me 'twere best I tlbl ntve o'er." ' " I will believe you by the syllable,"— Shakespeare. I tell you what it is, I hnto n wot Christmas, I would for sooner have frost uud snow mid tlio old yulo log nay day in December, than splash, splash, splnsli, with a concortof croaking frogs from bass to treble, und even an ootavo bolow bass down m tho very depths of sound ; - at any rate, this hero Rookhumpton — tlio oupital of Central Queensland — is pluvial iu the ox- tromo in nine years out of ton during tlio last weolc in Deoomber. I bolievo it was tho smno when tlio iirst blnoltfollow came down bora from tlio direction of tho North Pole, during tlio oxodus which took place at the groat revolutionary period, when tlio then tropical region of Northern Asia: — Northern Siberia — with her living myriiids of elephants, rhinoceros, and ollior unintals' belonging to that once torrid zone, were over whelmed by tlio gigantic nvahuicho iu tlio great con vulsion of nature whioli lins loft that ouco fair region -solitary, cold, desolate, nnd silent as -death — its icy barriers a vnst tomb. The remote ancestors of our blnokfellows, not relishing the oliango of olijuato, made tracks South, and ultimately reached this groat south land, where they havo had a habitation arid a uaino many thousand years boforo tho Oonquoror and his Normans fought Stout Harold and his Saxons at tho Battle of Hastings. Aud we knoyr not what raeo they drove out., as the learned pundits of tlio great sont of learning have at Inst cotnc to tho conolusiou that Australia is tho oldest, and uot. the youngest, continent in tho world; in fuot, that tlio mighty effects of tho dolugu laid uot affected this oontinont iu the smallest dogroe, either good, had, or indifferent. Having in this digression — whioh coinmeAoeil .about 11 wet Christmas— logically proved my caso, that Rook- hampton has boon uotod for its phwiality during tho last weok in Deoomber from time immemorial, and na it was iu tho bogiuning, is now, anil over shall be, I supp9a.fc,jt drives torror into tho hearts of exoiu- sioiiijflBfe'μ park, Fairy Bo wor, and StumvoLI, mid plaVtRjjF'Ilarrjf with business: it was a picture to look' at. tho unfortunate drapGi-s and grooora, with their windows docked out in tlio London stylo, with variations from Rogent-strcut to Nowgnto market — something stunning, I assure you — with lamps trimmed ami lights burning, every thing ti bltizo of beauty; but uufortunutoly in this caso " ft thing of beauty is not a joy for ever," as it was raining tor rents all tlio timu. But, liko tlio flower born to blusli unseen and wasto its sweetness 011 tho dosort air, tho now figs, tho blooming muscatels, tlio Nor mandy pippins, and tho gigantic citron pool, tho duolts of silk dresses, and tho latest thing out in lints, were uuwntolied, unhonored, and unseen, and, thoreforo, unheeded, bcoauso tho Clerk of tho Woutlior was so inexorable on Christmas Evo — the shops wore empty, and the people' in tho streets not half so plentiful as ghosts in a churchyard. But, above all, there was our friend Boyd, with his splendid display of oxen and fatlings, his Chinese lanterns, and his wittioisms umblazoncd 011 tho oxen putcs ; but tlio torrents of rain evidently drovo roust beef out of everybody's head, mul led them to meditate 011 um brellas, long boots, aud ponchos, aud tlioir clinn'cos of reaching Emu Park or Fairy Bower during tho holi days. AVcll, if it lias been wot enough here, it has heon hot enough in Brisbane last weok, I mn.thauk- fnl to say; just fancy 119 j in tho shade. I woudor how it is that any Brisbmioito had tho moral courage to send such a telegram . to Roeklimnpton about tlio lieat. Cold climate down there, tlioy say, and Trol- lop'c bears me out— just as if wo didn't know wluit the stifling lieat of Queen-street was long ago ; why, it bents Roeklimnpton into fits. It is quite amusing to listen to tho Brisbane commercials when tlioy aro doing Kookhainpton — uud you know every little tin- pot caboose in the metropolis keeps a traveller — off with lint and out with hnndkeroliief for a good rub, with mi accompaniment of noise you might supposo a stableman would make when rubbing down n horse, interlarded with 1111 exclamation of "Bless mo, lmw hot it is up here. Woll, do you know I was glad when I hoard it was 1191— were they not par ticular as to the exact qnnrtorf I do liko to hear of thorn being .veil ruasted, for I have an awful down 011 those Brisbane blowers! I hope our Member, who has gone down to commence bis Parliamentary duties, will uot find the climate too hot for him, or it might prove injurious to his lioalth. I have keen wondering lately how Slippery Charley is going to shape wbon lie comes iu eoutaot with "the wisdom of tho country." I am told.Macalistor is-the coming man, nnd is leader of tho forces of the Opposition — tho question is , will Pfttn be able to resist and repel tho onslaught ; Woo be tide you Charles Ll'ardie if you take sides with that nreh enemy of tho North, iho notorious Mac; of whom wo lmd a fair samplo long ago ; were ho an nugel from Heaven I would'ut bcliovo any of his soft-sawder any more, after tlio way he served us and humbugged us \t lien he had the chnuco. Will our Member take office ? if so, another, election, and between you and I, that is exaotly what K.nidy is. waiting for, to contest the election, wliiuh ho suul was to take placo after Christinas. Now, in my humble opinion, Sandy would bo bound to go iu with flying colors ; iu faot, it's a groat shame he was evor left out in tho cold, as there .wore several thiugs ho wanted to put right and to fiuish before I10 retired from Parliamentary life. Thoro are several' official posts to ho filled at l'ort Cook, eould not Pam fill thom up with ex M.P.'s, and do good in his day nnd generation for once iu his life ? Nothing like work for idle bands to do, and got thorn out of tho road. As our Member hns not. liko our frioutt Jeimnv, a sislor living iu Brisbane, it is hopod tli6 needful will be forthcoming for every emergency during tho ap proaching _ Session, to enable this const ituency to maintain its position, and our Member, wlioovor we amy oloct at any time, as tlio iirst commoner in Queensland wo have made our bod and lay down on . ii. wo must, and make tho best of it. Sonic -ql our Croakor friends are begining to fear thiiite£lj£«eoat rush to tbc Pnlmor will' depopulate R'DupjHtyrt,..and causo the grass to grow in tho stieolJWAP. O'O" necd'nt frol your gizzard about any sipfi nonsenso ; this liorc littlo town has stood many "a shock since tho day tlio first white fellow oimo up tlio Fitzroy in ft boat, and slio is just liko an F.nglish oak, tho more tlio storm blows aud tlio tempest rages, the more firmly shclias hccomo rooted and has spread her branches, and throve nnd pros pered, and the onward progress of Rockhampton will cover eoaso till she beeomuswhat nature intended lior to be — the Liverpool of Kasteni Australia. But ono thing is curtain, tho donlk knell of centralization, as cm riod out by tlio Brishntio Government, 1ms boon . tolled the day that gold was discovered 011 tho Pnlinnt Itiver, aud when comiu'v 'cation was opened with the Endeavour — the utter impo sibility and tho impraoti. nihility of the present nrrnngemont of tho capital situate, on the Southern boundary of tho colony managing the affairs of suoli a territory and of people mora than 1600 milos distant, issolfovidcnt; tho Pnlmor rush will no doubt be a gigantic ono, and will bring about immediately what under ordinary oircuniutancos would tako place in a fow yoars. The cry will soon ho Separation, or what perhaps will bo oven bettor, a division of this great colony into throe groat provinces, with 0110 tariff, ono gouornl Assembly, and each pro vince with its own 'Provincial Parliament io manngo locnl affairs, public works, anil the development of tlio resouroes of tlioir rcspoctivo provineos. Has not the limn come for this subject to bo mooted in the now Parliament? Will the Northern Members ho equal to the occasion, and stand by tho North in tho present crisis ? Happy now yoar to you all, and a great many of them. iso more uiuu-uusio sin iiuxu ycui t lum NULLAH-NULLAH. 