CHAPTEII XXXV.-IN WHICH I MAKE ANOTHER COUSIN'S ACQUAINTANCE. My correspondence about this time was not very extensive. About once a fortnight a letter from honest Mrs. Husk conveyed to me how the dogs and ponieB were, in queer English, oddly spelt; some village gossip, a critique upon Doctors Clay's or the curate's last sermon, and some severities generally upon^the dissenters' doings, with loves to Mary Qiuncp, and all good wishes to me. Some times a welcome . letter from cheerful .Cousin Monica; and now, to vary the series, a copy of pomplimentary versos, without a signature, very adoring-very like Byron, I then fancied, and now I must confess, rather vapid. Could I doubt from wiwin thery came f . . . ? ,1 had received, about a month after my arrival, a copy of verses in the same hand, in a plaintive ballad style, of the soldierly sort, in which the writer said, that as living his sole object was to please mo, so dying I should bo his latest thougitt; and some more poetic impieties, asking only iii return, that when the storm of battle hud swept over, 1 should " shed a tear" on seeing " the oak Ho, where it fell." OE course, about this lugubrious pun, thero could be no misconception. The cap tain was, unmistakably, indicated ; and I was so moved that I could no longer retain my secret ; but walking with Milly that day, confirled the little romance to that unsophisticated listener, under the chestnut trees. The lines were so nmorouMy de jected, and yet so heroically redolent of blood and gunpowder, that Milly and I agreed that the writer must he on tho verge of a sanguinary cam paign. I It was not easy to get at Uncle Silas's " Times" -or "Morning Post," which we fancied would ex I plain these horrible allusions; biit Milly bethought her of a sergeant in the militia, resident in Fei« I tram, who knew the destination and quarters of I every regiment in the service ; and circuitously, Í from this authority, we learned, to my infinite relief, that Captain Oakley's regiment had still two years to sojourn in England. I was summoned one evening by old L'Amour to my uncle's room. I remember his appearance that evening so well, ns ho lay back in his chair ; the pillow; the white glare of his strange eyo; his j feeble, painful smile. " You'll excuse my not rising, dear Maud, I am I so miserably ill this evening." I expressed my respectful condolence. " Yes ; I am to be pitied ; but pity is of no uso, dear," he murmured, peevishly. "I sent for you to make you acquainted with your cousin, my son, "Where are you Dudley ?" A figure seated in a low lounging chair, at the otherside of the fire, and which till thou I had not observed, at these words, rose up a little slowly, like a man stiff after a day's hunting; and 1 beheld with a shock that held my breath, and fixed my eyes upon him in a stare, the young man whom I had encountered at Church Scarsdale, on the day of my unpleasant excursion there with Madame, and who, to the best of my belief, was also one of that ruffianly party who had so un speakably terrified me in the warren at Knowl. I suppose I looked very much affrighted If I had been looking at a ghost I could not have felt much more scared and incredulous. When I was able to turn my eyes upon my uncle he was not looking at me, but with a glimmer of that smile with which a father looks on a son whose youth and comeliness he admires, his white face was turned towards the young man, in whom I beheld nothing but the image of odious and dreadful associations. "Come, sir,"said my uncle, "we must not bo too modest. Here's your Cousin Maud-what do you say ?" " How are ye, Miss ?" he said, with a sheepish grin. "Miss! Come, come. Miss us, no Misses," said my uncle ; " she is Maud, and you Dudley, or I mistake ; or we shall have you calling Mills', madame, She'll not refuse you her hand, I venturo to think. Come, young gentleman, speak for your self." " How are ye, Maud f" he said, doing his best, and drawing near, he extended his hand. "You're welcome to Bartrarn-Haugh, Miss." " Kiss your cousin, sir, Where's your gallantry ? On my honour, I disown you," exclaimed my undo with more energy than he had shown before. With a clumsy effort, and a grin that was both sheepish and impudent, he grasped my hand and I advanced his face. The imminent salute gave me i strength to sprmg back a step or two, ana he hesi tated. il y uncle laughed peevishly. " Well, well, that will do, I suppose In my time first-cousins did not meet like strangers ; but per haps we were wrong ; we were learning modesty from the Americans, and old English ways are too gross for us." "I have-I've seen him before-that is;" and at this point I stopped. My uncle turned his strange glare, in a sort of scowl of inquiry, upon me. " Oh !-hey !. why this is nows. You never told me. Where have you mot, eh, Dudley ?" " Never saw her in my days, so far as I'm aweer on," said the young man. " No ! Well, then, Maud, will you enlighten us ? said Uncle Silas, coldly. "I did see that young gentleman before," 1 faltered. " Meaning me, ma'am ?" he asked, coolly. " Yea-certainly you. I did, Uncle," answered 1. " And where was it, my dear ? Not at Knowl, I fancy. Poor dear Austin did not trouble me or mine much with his hospitalities." This was nota pleasant tone to take in speaking of his dead brother and benefactor; but at the moment I was too much engaged upon tho one point to observo it. " I met"-I could not say my cousin-" I met him, Uncle-your eon-that young gentleman-! saw him, I should say, at Church Scarßdalo, and afterwards with some other persons in tho warren at Knowl. It waa tho night our gamekeeper was beaten." "Well, Dudley, what do you say to that ?" asked Uncle Silas. " I never was at them places, so help mo. I don't know whore they bo ; and I never sot eyes on tho young lady before, as I hope to be saved, in all my days," snicl he, with a couuteuauoo so unchnnged and an air so confident that I began to think I must be tho dupe of one of those strange resembl ances which have been known to lead to positive identification in the witnoss-box, afterwards proved to be utterly mistaken. " You look so-so uncomfortable, Maud, at tho idea of having seen him before, that I hardly wonder at the vehemence of his denial. There was plainly something disagreeable; but you see ns respects him it is a total mistake. My boy was always a truth-telling fellow-you may rely iüi plicity on what he says. Yoiî were not at those places?" " I wish I may-" began the ingenuous youth, witli increased vehemence. "There, there-that will do ; your honour and word tts a.g!entleman->-and that you artv. though a ooor one-will quite satisfy your Cousin Maud, Ara I right, my dear P. I do assure you, as a gentleman, I never knew him to say the thiug that was not." So Mr. Dudley Ruthyn began, not to curse, but to awtitiv, in the prescribed form, that he had never seen me before, or tho places I had named, " since I was weaned, hy-" " That's enough-now, shake hands, if you won't kiss, like cousins," interrupted my uncle. And very uncomfortably I did loud liim my hand to shake. " You'll want some supper, Dudley, so Maud and I will excuse your going. Good night, my dear boy," and he smiled and waved him from the room. "That's as fine a young fellow, I think, as any English father can boast for his son-true, brave, and kind, and quite an Apollo. Did you observe how finely proportioned he is, and what exquisite features the fellow has? He's rustic and lough, as you see; but a year or two in the militia-I've promise of a commission for itim-he's too old for the line-will form and folishhini. Ho wants nothing but manner; and protest when lie lias had a little chilling of that kind, 1 do believe he'll be as pretty a fellow as you'd flud in England." I listened with amazement. I could discover nothing but what was disagreeable in the horrid ' bumpkin, and thought such an instance of the | blindness of paternal partiality was hardly] credible. I looked down, dreading another direct appeal to my judgment; and Uncle Silas, I suppose, re ferred those downcast looks to maiden modesty, for he forbore to task mine by any new inter rogatory. Dudley Kuthyn's cool and resolute denial of ever having seen me or the places I had named, and the inflexible serenity of his countenance while doing so, did very much shake my confidence in my own indentification of him. I could not be quite certain that the person I had seen at Church Scarsdale was the very same whom I afterwards saw at Knowl. And now, in this particular instance, after the I lapse of a still longer period, could I he perfectly certain that my memory, deceived by some accidental points of resemblance, had not duped me, and wronged my cousin, Dudley Ruthyn ? I suppose my uncle had expected from me some signs of acquiescone in his splendid estimate of his cub, and was nettled at my silence. After a short interval lie said "LVeseen something of the world in my day, mid I can say, without a misgiving of partiality, that Dudley is the material of a perfect English gentleman. I'm not blind, of course- -the training must be supplied ; a year or two of good model.«, active self-criticism, and good society. I simply Bay that the material is there." Here was another interval of silence. "And now tell me, child, what these recollec tions of Church-Church-what ?" " Church Scarsdale," I replied. "Ye3, thank you-Church Scarsdale and Knowl i -are?" So I related my stories as well as I could. "Well, dear Maud, the ndventure of Church Scarsdale is hardly so terrific as I expected," said Uncle SilaB, with a cold little laugh ; " and I don't see, if he had really been the hero of it, why he should shrink from avowing it. I know I should not. And I really can't say that your pic-nic party in the grounds of Knowl has frightened me much more. A lady waiting in the carriage, ar.d two or three tipsy young men. Her presence seems to me a guarantee that no mischief was meant; but champagne is the soul of frolic, and a row with the gamekeepers a natural consequence. It hap pened to me once-forty years ago, when I was a wild young buck-one of the worst rows I ever was in," And Uncle Silas poured some eau-de-cologne over the corner of Iiis hnnderchief, and touched his temples with it. "If my boy had been there, I do assure you an! I know him-he would say so at once. I fancy he would rather boast of it. ~ I never knew him utter an untruth. When you know him a little you'll say so." With tkesa words Uncle Silas leaned back ex hausted, and languidly poured sonio of his favourite eau-de-cologne over- tho palma of his hands, nodded n farewell, and, in a whisper, wished me good-night. "Dudley's como," whispered Milly, taking mo under the arm as I entered the lobby. "Butl don't care : ho never gives me nout ; and he gets money from Governor, as mucli as he likes, and I never a sixpence. It's a shame !" So there was no groat love between the only son and only daughter of the younger line of the Euthyns. I was curious to learn all that Milly could tell me of this new inmate of Bartram-Haugh ; and Milly was communicative without having a great deal to relate, and what I heard from her tended to confirm my own disagreeable impressions about him. She was afraid of him. He was " a woundy ugly, customer in a wax, she could tell mo." He was the only one " she ever knowed ns had pluck to jaw the Governor." But he was " afoard on the Crovernor, too." His visits to Bartram-Haugh, I heard, were de sultory ; and this, to my relief, would probably not outlast a week or a fortnight. " He was such a fashionable cove ;" he was always " a gladding about, moBtly to Liverpool or Birmingham, and sometimes to Lunnuu, itself." He was " keeping company ono time with Beauty. Govenor thought find he was awfully afraid he'd a married her ; but that was all bosh and nonsense ; and Beauty would have none of his chaff and wheedling, for she liked Tom Brice;" and Milly thought that Dudley never cared a crack of a whip for her." He used to go to the Windmill to have " a smoke with Pegtop;" and he was a member of the Peltram Club, that met at the " Plume o' Feathers." He was " a rare good shot," she heard ; aud " he was before the jUBticeB for poaching, but they could make noth ing of it." And the Govenor said " it was all tiuough spite of him-for they hate us for being better blood than they." And " all but the squires and those upstart folk loves Dudley, he is so hand A0m.e anil gay-though he be a bit cross at home." And, Govenor says, bull be a Parliament man yet, spite o' them all," Next morning, when our breakfast was nearly ended, Dudley tapped at the window with the end of his clay pipe-a "churchwarden" Milly called it-just'such a long curved pipe as Joe Willetis made to hold between his lips in those charming illustrations of "Barnaby Budge"-- which we all know so well-and lifting his " wide-awake" with a burlesque saluation, which, I suppose, would have charmed the'" Plume of Feathers." he dropped kicked and caught his "wide- awake," with an agility and a gravity ashe replaced it, eo inexpres sibly humorous, that Milly went off m a loud lit of laughter, with the ejaculation " Did you ever !" It was odd how repulsively my confidence in my original identification always revived on unex pectedly seeing Dudley after an interval. I could perceive that this piece of comic byplay was meant to make a suitable impression upon me. I received it, however, with a killing gravity ; and after a word or two to Milly, he lounged away having first brokon his pipe, bit by bit, into pieces, which he balanced in turn on his nose and on his chin, from which features he jerkedjthem into his mouth, with a precision which, along with his ex cellent pantomine of eating them, highly excited Milly's mirth and admiration. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 