LAUJNCESION EXAMINER. TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1874.- t We understand that witbin'ithe last day or two a requisition has been numer ously.and influentially signed inviting Mr F. M. Innes to allow himself to be nominated to the vacancy in the repre sentation of North Launceston, in the House ot Assembly, caused by the re signatioh of 1Mr James Cox. We trust Mr Innes will comply. No doubt he would prefer a return to the more peace ful are is of the Legislative Council, but at this juncture he would be far I more useful in the Lower House. He is a politician of long standing, well versed in parliamentary matters, and of undoubted ability, and therefore the electors of North Launceston will be fortunate in securing the services of I such a man. When he bade farewell to political life in Tasmania some time since, with the view of removing to a neighboring colony, we expressed our regret at the loss of so able a politi. cian, but now that he has decided to remain in Tasmania, every effort" should be made to induce him to roturni to the Legislature. If he complies with the wishes of the electors of North Laun ceston, there can be no doubt whatever of his triumphant return, for no other candidate would stand the ghost of, a chance against him. At the same time he will be a valuable addition to the Opposition. At no time was it more desirable to send in able men to contend against such a tyrannical over bearing Ministry as the country is now cursed with. We class Mr Innes as an Opposition member, because he has nothing in common with the Adminis tration at present in power. On nearly every.-pninslatbi diwamerieally nppnsael to them. TIe is opposed to the special local rate for the Western Railway; he is opposed to the obnoxious Income Tax, which "if God spares them" the present Ministry intend to propose again next session; he is also, so far as we can gather from his utter ances, strongly opposed to any increase of the public debt. At the same time he is in favor of a general rate for railways, for which a majority of Parliament has foolishly made the country responsible, and there can be no question that this is the only satisfactory way of dealing with the difficulties which have thus been created. Under him the members of " Her Majesty's Opposition" will rally, and now that he has determined to spend the remainder of his days in this island, there can be little doubt he will throw himself heart and soul into the patriotic work of ad vancing the interests of the country to the best of his ability. WVE can find no law of ancient or modern date that will justify the Government in breaking open promises to levy for a railway or other rate, and in each case when it has been done we believe the parties weore guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors. But in the most favorable circumstances can anything justify the outrages in a political, social, and constitutional point of view ? We think the railway rate twenty times told would not be worth the widespread disaffection produced the intense hatred of tyranny and opprenDD'O" on e nrnel, fnt ldtho louaoon f resistance that has been so effectually ta ht. That the other members of the Ministry are mere puppets in the hands of Messrs Chapman and Giblin is sufficiently obvious, or they would not have allowed themselves to be dragged into a course of action which will render their names infamous in the annals of Australia.' When the his torian comes to record permanently and with judicial impartiality and dis tinctness the page of history the present a Ministry are now acting out, posterity will read the record with mingled sur prise and indignation that taxation was enforced at the point of the bayonet. Such conduct might have been endured in France before the Revolution in 1780, but neither there will that event be repeated, nor in England at any time has such coercion been attempted in the collection of taxes. There can be no doubt that Messrs Chapman and Giblin are determined to crush the "Northern devils," but failure will characteriso the effort. How true was theprediction of Sir William Denison respecting Chapman, penned in 1852: -' He will ruin himself first, and then if he have the chance, he will rain the colony." He has endeavored to goad a largo proportion of the population into acts of rebellion; but every dog has his day, and when a beggar is set on horseback we know to what destination he rides. AnR MARTLEY has magnanimously ad mitted the error in the letter of the Magistrates to the Governor that had been pointed out by Mr Ritchie. Under the first Railway Act only landowners were authorised to vote in reference to their willingness to,make their property responsible for a rate; but under the 69th section "owners and occu piers" were equally liable to pay the rate, It was not correct,, therefore, to say, as the letter says, that to levy the railway rate upon occupiers clearly "' ignores and violates the express pro visions and true intent' and'meaning of ' The Railway Act.' " Unfortunately the " express provisions" of the Act were opposed to its "intent and mean ing ;" for it could never have been in tended that one set of men should. par ticipate burdens exclusively imposed by another-that occupiers shouldpayarate in the imposition of which they had no voice. Yet this was really the case, and though on a reference to the Act the error is at once obvious,' the opposition view has been popu larly held for several years. We sup. poseit was first put foCth at some period of excitement without due investigation, and not having been challenged at the time it came to be regarded as an ad mitted fact, requiring no further proof, that occupiers were not originally to pay the rate. Mr Bartley explains how the mistake got into the Magistrates' Letter, the paragraph having been in, sorted at the last !moment to supply what was deemed to' be an omission, and as is often: the /case with altera tions made in a hurry its phrase ology . was not' strictly correct. But really the error is of no practical importaiibo as thi Act in question has been repealed, and as we pointed out in our-last issue, thesActs under which the rates for 1873-4-5 are imposed ab. solutely ignore the poll taken in 18605 by virtue of which the landowners ox pressed their willingness to incur the liability. ' However, Mr Bartley, with a promptitude and completeness that do. him honor, assumes the whole responsi-i bility of. the error, and is only anxious that it may not (mislead a single occupier. Whilst on *this subject we cannot *refrain from asking in reference to.the letter of Mr Douglas which appears in another column-is that the only reply possible to Mr Bartley's serious accusa tions I If so, it had been better left unwritten. Mr Bartley's charges are altogether passed by, and an attempt is made to divert attention to matters quite distinct and comparatively trivial -as genuine a specimen of dust-throw. ing as we ever met with. It is under. stood and appreciated. But what does Mr Douglas mean by saying that he was chiefly instrumental in getting the rate reduced from £15,000 per annum to £10,000, and the cost of its collection thrown upon the General Revenue P The 31st section of the Act of 1878 provides that the sum named shall be "clear of all costs of collecting the same." Which is to be "clear of all costs"-the Government r or the district 1 Mn ALDERMANn . WHIT lias given notice that next Monday he will move that the costs ordered in the cases | brought before the Police Bench for non- payment of railway rate be remit ted. Under an abominably tyrannical law, which is being enforced in a still I more tyrannical spirit, men are being i summoned to the Launceston Polioe oflice from all parts of the Railway District - some of them having to travel over fifty miles-because they object to pay what they believe to be an unjust rate. Almost in every case a conviction is a foregone conclu sion : payment is ordered of the rate, and ' with it the attendant expenses, the latter falling into the Municipal treasury. We are quite sure the burgesses of Launceston would scorn to have thes revenue of the town aug. mented by such an oppressive process, and we are glad that Mr White has taken the matter in hand. \-- t.--- VWE have received from the Colonial. I Secretary of New Zealand an abstract I of the trade 'and revenue returns, of' that colonyfor the quarter ended 31st" December, 1873, as follows :-Total imports, £1,784,595 ; exports, £0915,787. Gold exported, 100,730 ounces, value £426,078; tallow, 182 tons, £5540 ; wool, 3,767,538 lbs, £208,568; oats, 4680 bushels, £822; wheat, 49,376 buihels, £12,085; bar ley, 60 bushels, £37; native flax, 1194i0 tons, £24,772; Knauri gum, 1048 tons, £34,837; preserved meats, 5230k ewts., r£9960; shlips entered 222, 85,00996 Stons ; cleared 199, . 765,949 tons. SEuropean population (estimated) \- males, . 162,400 ; females, 117,150 ; total, 279,560. Gene ral revenue - Cuatoms, £288,500 Os 0d; stamp duties, £21,512 14s 11d; postal, £18,872 10s 10d; telegraph, £12,009 7s 7d; other receipts, £10,4148 Os 8d ; total general revennue, £847,480 12s Od. Land sales,£248,858 1 7 ld; depasturing licenses and assess. 1 ments, £50,088 9s 10d; miscellaneous, a £1550 Os 6d; gold fields, £11,449 10s 1 10d; gold duty, £10,581 Os 10d; fees and duties, Native Landsl Court, £688 Os 7d; total, £388,015 1s 8d. Total " revenue, £880,456 9s 5d. 