Mł tfOHK "WHEtESŁis, M.L.A., has given notice of his intention to ask for legislation to suppress Chinese gambling, because of -J^ous effect it is having upon the -European population, and we are with him to the extent of believing that so far as the ^ , - ., , y olm g er members of society are concerned some check should be put upon the propen- **** En^liBh juveniles inherit, to BteP furthfer might have been made with advantage, and that was not only to check the .Chinese vice ,of gambling, ^ut also, the much more fearful vices that seem to attend the presence of this alien people. In an o , j. /-.i • , . T.,,, article on the Chinese quarter m lame Bourke-street, some , . time ,, gone „ , by, , a con- , ^mporaiy wrote to the effect .that when Henry Mayhew. was publishing the result^1 i s investigation into the state of the , , . , Jjondon poor, horrified respectability blushed to its fingers ends. All the old women in the city tottered into print on the occasion, , , „ . .^f , , . aad withered virginity covered its face -with modest hands, and took copies of the ^ ^ in its pocket. The surface of society is always veneered with a thin coat of polished respectability, and it _ n f . 1 , , , , ^r° uld fa" 1 preserve the lustre undimmed by the rude breath of factious lovers of vulgar and unwelcome truths. Thewaxen tablet of modern civilisation is SO fair and smooth, that it seems a wanton destruction, of the . . . Deautmrl, to - score its surface with the iron stlflus of uncompromisiut" 1 iournalism. It IS ' , , j ... . . 80 much move pleasant and pobte to ignore ; the existence of vice and crime and want and rc • _ t» j. 3 ,, euffermg. But every now and then some aideous carcase of evil which men imagined safely sunk in' peaceful rottenness at the bottom of our social pool, bursts from its muddy moorings and rises to the surface a foeti-' and reproachful witness of the foulness ^ of the forgotten stagnation below. Indignant 0f t indifferentiem ^ slovenly unhandsome cries out at the corse'he- com- ' , ° / , twist tile wind and its nobility. The iron ' fc00k 0£ the police grapples the loathsome ! , , , . . tinngaad drags it down stream, to tie sewer of criminal abominations that runs sluggishly into those great moral cesspools , the gaol and the hulks. Sometimes, however, some side-current of popular feeling dashes the putrid mass ashore, high and dry upon "the we'l-rollecl. lawa of society's pleasure- ground. Then .hear an outcry indeed ! Cover it up; hide it; destroy it; bary deep bene?.th-shreds and shards of mock morality and dry- bones of catchphrase and platitude, lest the plague be irifectious, rnd leprosy blotch and mar the , .. _ . • . , ,, _ j delicate fiesh of the idwellers in good 1" society " ! In vain may moralists preach , . . , . a . ! and phlknthrophists toil; their efforts are j ilsele6S. There is enough and to Bp are of \- - -outh sympathy ; but the first stripping of the banisge discloses an ulcer £0 horrible, -that the squeamish* 8tomachs of tUUetanti reformers sickens at the eight, and the eore - is covered up again unhealed, perhaps even untouched. In Melbourne, Ballarat, Sandhurst, half a score of places in this fair colony, of ours' have -not frightful moral pestilences been repealed only to be skinned and filmed over again -without a thought being given to rooting out the fearful evils, save by some indignant journalist, or the father of a family, who in the ruin brought upon the children of his neighbors saw the possibility of his own daughters meeting a similar fate. Have we not times without number .had instances of tŁe most horrible crimes committed by Chinese in the very centres of civilisation,, and are not crimes of the same terrible kiud being committed every day by the pagan Bsoundrels who inhabit, those sinks . of iniquity the Chinese quarters. Crimes almost too horrible to mention, liave indeed, been committed," will be the answer ? "What then has been done to aiate the abominable .evil ? Almost nothing mnstbe the reply. The police are-powerless are told-|-the police them^i selves Jay 'io. ;"£omething.ought to%e done by Parliament beyond the mere suppression of compfimtivoly iairnless gambling. ' tChe; state of oar Chinese population calls -for d surveillance, the enforcement of cleanliness, i and cnconrageingnt to łbfe ^Chinese tnleettle elsewhere than in the centre of the ci1 what is required in the Chinese u Alsatias." We but ekirt the edge of a great and ^ imęortant subject when we talk of suppressing the lotteries and gambling shops at which the Chinese amuse themselves. WHETHER Mr Gillies meant favouritieiii ito Maryborough when he altered the. hour at. which Sandhurst tnda was in the habit of leaving Maryborough, as some of Uur contemporaries assume, or whether hd Was seeking to do his best uniet the pressing circumstance of a netf line being opened to plague the Department we do not pretend to say, but we find that a good many coifr plants are being made both id itemóurne and Sandhurst with tespeet to the earlinesq of the hour which -the last train leaves Melbourne. The complaints come mainly from persons who conduct correspondence with the towns on the Echuca line, merchants, brokers and other—-to whom an hour in the evening is a mutter of very con» siderable convenience; and those daily newspapers which are deprived of their usual summaries of Pariitódeńt and' late Melbourne news. To tell tile truth travellers do not complain to any serious degree of the aira^ementwSich while it allows ffiem an hour less to transact business, & time when very little bńsińe?6 U fcę oe transacted, on the other haili allows them to reach their d.eitihalhn3 in go04 time. Mr billies is not wholly wrong nor wholly right. Thii action has produced both convenience' and inconvenience and the accounts veiy nearly uaiance. If he does not want to suffer from the effects of a good deal' of harsh criticism, but to maintain another grievance on the part of a, section of the public against the department, we recommend him to listen to . the suggestions being nude to him to lessen the partially prohibitory heavy rates for telegrams, and keep the offices open later in order, that people pressed for time or not caring to write diffuse letters might take sdvadtage of the ' wires: The experiment ought to be tried, and we trust Mr Gillies has the sense' to tiy- it. "We must know that experieece has shown cheap fares have vastly- increased the railway revenue of countries that have adopted them, and applying the same argument, even if there were no statistics to prove the analogy, we may conclude that the telegraphic service would similarly return a more remunerative revenue were facilities only . , ™ • ... . given ior its use. ine put) lie convenience, demand gucli facilities even if the service be conducted at a loss. The English telegraph system is neither cheap nor remunerative compared with the kindred transatlantic inetitution. The telegraph offices in America are over 4,000 in. number, or one for every 7,000 of the population, comprising over ,ftnft„ -, i t j Vnn^ort -i . 50,000 miles of line, and 100,030 miles of wire, With 265 submarine cables ; and still ynn.™ „<\- „c more^striking is the comparison in respect of In "the year 1867 one company alone delivered to ithe American press inst -v .unnnnnnnn.. , c ^ about 300,000,000 words Of news matter, at acost of some £100,000, while in Conti- _ T,, ., '• . , . ,, nental Europe a service of about the same extent costs no less than £2,300,000. Such contrasts must be considered to be absolu- , 1 , . . • rely conclusive in favor of the positive economy to be obtained for a nation bv , - , , . . -j cheapening and popularising all its means of intercommunication, and should - have an effect npon Mr XJillies in inducing him to remedy the mischief of prohibitory rates» and make up for the time lost to the public for letter writing. - Kyneton Revision Court will beheld on Saturday, IStli July, at the Mechanics' Institute. -nr . . , . • , .. , T ^ t ^ l i, ^announce the death of Mr J Z ^ ^ v ^ ™ * re!1 i!5V 0t w. eUre3 P e f t f! ib y ( T S Sltion and straightforwardness of .conduct. Mr k t i . ^ h« residence. MoUUon-street, - ^r^^"^ 0™ ^ l i t rt^w T ; L X t l S0CIety v. m J2" 8 iBt J 1CŁ ' : 6 y memoers, . i uuu society. ^ j Mr F. Q'tStilUfanu the ne^y Appointed Ćountjr j Court baihff, appeared at the City y Police Court on j] Saturday last, charged on a warrant issued at Kyne- j ton, with having embezzled ón the 4th" instant from, i Mr Martin M'Kemia the sum of £40. On theapplication of the arresting detective. Mahony, the prisoner waa reminded to Kyneton, and will be brought uję for hearing to. day. Tas conference of delegates from the various local governing bodies of "the colony will take place today, in the Town Hall, Melbourne. The object of *he conference is to consider the new Lssal Governmint Bill, as it is calculated to affect municipalities, and more especially its effect with respect to endowments. The suspension of tht regulaidons of 2Sth Feb., 1S74^ relative to the custody and issue of forms of J^S^fwK 1 1 6 < i oUec ij oa o£ f ata fees in ooęu^cbpn with Ae alienation and occupation of \- A copy of the Bailing directions for the coast of Victoria tram Cape Nordiuaibe-laud toi CapeOfcway, including Sing's Island, compiled by Captain Sltan-.: hsyy B-a., fromtrecent snrveys, is published in': Friday's Government Gazette. j Mr n Etate3t^e M, S S a Caatge P^™ 4 ^ should communicate, with the Minister of; Edncation, aaldng that the inspector withjui whbse district the school is situated, should be sent out to investigate the ease. It is stated that tho charge made against Mr Stranger is that of unbecoming fjuniliarity withone ofthe female pupili belongingiothe school. 1 • ' "" j : Tbeactionof thebanksin nusiostheintereston overdrafts (so" far as regards public bodies! to lO per .cent. , has .met with indignant condemnation. says the it. A. JUaU, from the yarious couiS i throughout the district. ... This feeling has been engenlered bythe factthatno notjeeoftheintenton on the part of the banks was given to the ęouncOBrand 1hat inmostrcasaitomit&sSffiaifiz;" had been come to that such notice ehould be trivet ' The banks have declared the rise to date from 9th i May last, thus claiming two months extra interest. • At the meeting of theborough Munęil, .yesterday, 1 i resolution 1 ™ carriśd tó^bjfeStóWpiyineii and;»)so. to .write toithe head ^cas in. M^fao^?. on a^.Bttbjedi to ascertainiheir terma. i''f | i ,—z.' . • --."... .^i. i -.i 1 • , Ihtyieaaier Willi byiteoU^itomfflto-day fbrwatrd'thedebetf ffi™ iP^^BJ't'- a nnllion^anlia-i in^ ahthńriŚEU % tt^' on the London maĄ^ i *'.be Vw. eimpiy 't&s; at4percent, aad i „u. ,4s 1 łealthf" Sfce wka odt on -Sunday fori» driłe,,andJie Jiopes |o be wie toapfiearin Parliameut, for some portion of the aitting at least, this ełening.. : r Banjcers »nd otheia will have to be on their^uard lest another Mińtnda sńindle lie perpetfated in the colonies. An English telegram states that forged' Utters of credit on t ie National Bank of Scotland are being sent oat from San Francisco, and there is a possibility that some may find their Way to Aus-' balia. V ' '•. The Star writes :—"The Baliarsib WadllenCoinpany 'are nńw toriSM oul Boat beautiful 'shawls— Snch slian'l* M Hillglit io command- a large sale dariik^ the cold weather. The material used is the tlhest lajnbs' wool, and the fabric, therefore, is soft and delightfnl to the touch, while we pattern is very neat indeed, being a Check woven iń black, slate colour, and White yaro. We, ąić g^id to note an appearance of ificreising .ketj-ritf iii "itlii company's • affiura there S ifi Sir about it that msfcia oąć f^el thftl tnft company is succeeding, • and' we bdieve it Will both succeed and be a . credit to our district, While on the subject) we may call otteniion to the fact of one tradesman at least having the ' Ballarat Woollen Company's Flannel' stuck up npon flannelsthat are no more like the real thing than saddlecloth is like cambric." It appears that there is likely to be something of a rush for the seat in the Assembly, vacant through the death jof Mr Pope. , It .is stated, sayby tne Courier, that a resident of Buninyong is likely to come forward for the vacant seat for Grenrille, but his name is not publicly mmtionei at present. The Stat'n Smythesdale correspondent says the friends of Mi ft. H. Lock are ansi-jus to see that gentleman come forward.; The hon. J. B. ,Hum£Eray and Mr A. Fisken axe here mentioned as intending can didates. The Star itself hears that Mr Richard ^ S f t W to "^IrĄ ,if. MMible,-the *upportof the ^wmnent in his candidatare, and -*•» along with Mr M'Keah, two or' three other likely candidates for legislative honora have beep mentioned, but nothing is yet definitely known as to their intentions To the names mentioned above the Evening Pott, of Friday n>ght, aids those of Messrs P. Hedrick, Wa Price, James Black, and Wm. łaplau, and remarks :—" If" Messrs Hedrick and Lock consent to stand—#nd rumor with her many .tongaes has it! that they will—the real contest will, we believe, be between those two gentlemen, who are well- known in all parts of the district. We may state that a requisition has been, or is about to be, sent to Sir John O'Sh massy, asking W«n to allow himself to be nominated, but we do not think he has the ghost of a chance of being returned against either of the other two." The vacancy caused in the representation of CoUingwood will probably create a considerable ilitical "commotion in the democratic constituency, ęhe coming event of Mr Everard'a resignation had spread its tumours before, and for some little time a few of the leading election spirits of the borough have beet quietly working. Mr Langridge's friends are first in the field publicly, a meeting being called for Monday evening at the Grace Darling Hotel, and it iB understood that Mr Mirams will also woo the democratic vote which returned Mr Everard. The general opinion, however, is that Mr Langridge's return is certain against any and all comers, andthe position.he occupied onthepoU at the late election, when he was only seventeen votes behind the hon. J. F. Sullivan, shonld justify that conclusion." Daylesford can claim to have perhaps one of the most steady dividend-paying claims in the colony. The legal manager, Mr Sainsbury said on Thursday, at the Agricultural Society's dinner, that the Cornish United claim, since the company was registered, had paid each £25 shareholder £500 in j .. , - „_„„ , . , , dividends—or 2000 per cent on his investment I j We-are glad to say that the mine was ntver looking j betting, that on* mining men speak ' | ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ent year hasstates the Argus) been remarkaUe {or the number bt vessels which liave been 1 g ^ ^ S ^ t ó S ^ S E S S . ligence received on Friday by the ship Eaton Hall I that she spoke the ship Harlaw, from London for j Melbourne, on the equator in a disabled condition. i The Eaton Hall reports that on May 16 a vessel was descried with her topmasts gone, andon bearing ^ doira, and passing close to her, she was found to be j ^ j^rdeea .clipper ship Harlaw, 21 days out 1 ] j from London, for this port, with cargo and passen- j Thelower maataonly were steading ; everyvl j thing else, bowspnt and all, having been earned , away. The Harlaw, it appears, had been overtaken . in a sudden heavy siuall on the night before, and ! the-wreckage was still hanging to her when the Eaton HJT passed. Captaid Putt made offer of ['assistance, if any should be Tequired, but Captain ^ho is well known in these j»l?nies as a J careful navigator and skilful seaman, stated that he stood in no need of it. The Eaton Hall then stood aw»y on her course. Captain Putt states that on the , same night as the Harlaw got dismasted the weather was heavy, and there was a falling barometer, but nothing came of it. and the threatened storm passed £5. S ^ ^ ^ i Phillips in getting them aloft. ' l ^ ^ u \---* 1 \- The fsatest steamer in the world is the title claimed by her builders (Messrs Thornycroft, Church wharf, Chiswick) for a boat they have just built to the order of the Government of India, for service in the Orissa Canals. The dimensions of this extraordinary little vessel are—length, 87 ft.; beam, 12 ft.; draught of water, 3 ft. 9 in. The speed contracted for tor was 20 'M statute miles per hour. Hour. the worUingp„tao£ the engine, ^d the propeUer (Thornycroft's patent) are of Bessemer steM^ and the woodwork of teak. The official trial o£ t ie boat was made on 14th ult., under the in- Bpecdon of Colonel Haig, R.E., Chief Engineer of the Bengal-Irrigation Works, and the results were -witHSe, 25^)3 miles per hour; against tide, 24-15 miles per hour. In Mother officiaftria], subsequently, it was shown that the boat could "keep ^ 8peed of twenty-two miles per hour without jgjj^g steam- The Chief , Sscretary Tentured out oa Friday afternoon for the first time since his illness, and had a brief interview with his colleagues in the Ministry at the Treasury. He was unable, however, 4o remain —" any — ' hugth - ŁL of -**•=— time. - The ""--x traces of illnes9 ,, are very-evident upon the hon. gentleman, and however anxious he may be to resume duty, it was pamfu ly evident that he had overtaxed his energies in-attending at the Treasury. At the meeting of the Cabinet held the previous day it was cxra'iged that the Treasurer should make his Bidget speech on Tuesday, but it has bsendeemei prudent, after experience of yesterday's attempt ou the part of Mr Francis ta " buckle on his harness, to postpone the speech until Tuesday week. An accident occurred at the Mount Egerton Quarti Company, Mount Egerton, on Wednesday, 8th lost, by which, says the correspondent of the £aUarat Star, it is feared that liat a miner named Edward Willilms Pilose hia life. It x„ apl,e appears that ip in No. and at a ) quarter to 12 o'clock noon they .fired tiro holes 'of j dynamite. Sboitly after Williams telt'unwell, ani' got in the tank that was in the shaft, and signalled to be taken np to the Ko, 4 level The tank was then taken" up; and the poor fellow must have \- fallen in the tank ; his head got jammed between the tank and the side of the shaft, and was dragged up a considerable distance in that state. WheS?e- •»•»»» . ^ s Homing Pott of Friday night reports that a new locomotive {No. 109), the second of the new which .the Phffinix Foundry' Company have undertaken, was successfully deliverel at the Weitsrnjrailwiy station atabontnoon yesterday, and safely 'placed on the ia3sl ' > Tt epiera of Hobson'eBay* short tinM ago were ^ destitute of shipping, but now they present ' S? 1 * 64 different-appearance, tiiere bamg no less ^ ^ t y ^ i x ^ngnAe; wift u tonnage ® f S?. 5^ tons, and this would be supplemented todaJ; V MlySOOO tons if Bufficient acajmmodation Amongst the vessels in port are f° m ?5 f % finertpnęswoat They are atb-acting l ^ w ^ w Wtentufo from" the numerous visitors S ' ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ , weath 5 ' • " 10 "•'^i ' • - ]' "' 1 OnSaturday an application was madeto Mr Jus- %». p dlowB, in chambers, -fora prohibition ^ re- J^Jbe justices .n petty _Bes..ons from enforcing to forfeit for e^on^f daty thebbotsaud . , ? loea imported ty the Messrs E. CaCaghan. .The ground of the^^Jication wasthat tho stibfcicefi had ," 0 j«riidicldD&1to mr^Be ciM ^ril, and that they emght not to have nreyeuted ihe defendants from mpfao^ at ttó stnil 1 BGa Honor grafted a rule —H: iL. J x , - • i calling on the pn . to show cause why s writ •hoold not .-tie' : ii {Md oaths 27th inst. ' TŁe rule will be ^-flfSis Ag't-toV*; the myjstery of the missing £20 note that was'the iubject of an action in the County Court on TYidiy has befinrfeared up in a way that mnst be jnost satisfactory to both Miss Emerson and Mr Woods. On Saturday morning, Mr Andrew Bowaa-"merchant, -of Oó^ina-street, callal on Mr ęfoods, and stated that Mrs Rowan paid for some goods purchased^* Mr Woods', and received some notes m change of a £3 nrlte. This ,T«fas at the end of May, dndmost likely da & Bmeredn paid tlie ^20 uotfi AWsiy. Mrt KoWad supposed she had received all £1' botes, and put' them into herj>urse. ..AfterAn inteoal^f several days she purchased soaethmg at-f. tradesman 6 ln Prahran, and .haiided Jwhat sKe thought was a fl said there miłst Tie a uuMakei . aio-trp to tef. » Was old, and had the appearance d! a £1 note if only cursorily looked at When Mr Rowan reacbaaiiome he was informed of ^the- cireumatance, and as he thought that he n"^ « given the note by wisfcie to Mr4 Sowan, he told her to .keep the money until he balanced'his -petty cash at the end of Jnne. This was done on Tuesday last, and he then found that his moneys Were all right. On reading the report of the case^ tried on Friday, he at once arrived at the conclusion that the note must be the one that was in dispute, and, finding that Mrs Rowan had been a purchaser, and received notes in change at Mr Woods's on or fiboat 27th May, he handed Bis cheqtle for the £19 to Mr Woods at the earliest period he could, pfter arriving at the conclusion that it belonged to hiffl, A touching instance of sisterly affection was witnessed on Friday; in the Melbourne Cemetery, while the burial service of the late Gunner Dagwell was beings conducted: The crowd, in their eagerness to reach the place where Dagwell's coffin was being lowered into the ground, rushed over many of of the graves and, in some instance, trod upon flowers which had been placed upon them. There was one freshly-made grave which, though unprotected by any railing, was tastefully garnished with bouquets of flowers, showing that whoever was buried beneath j was remembered. Guarding the grave was a little girl, dressed in deep black, who, though quite alone, was bravely trying to keep the crowd from stepping upon it. On being asked why she showed so much solicitude about the grave, she said that her only sister, who was dead only a short time, was buried beneath it. Every one seemed touched by the care evinced by the little girl, and she had little trouble in preventing the crowd from stepping, over the grave which was so sacred to her. Another attempt at.self^trucaon i t ^ M tejs the G^ng JStemng Ttmes from QueeMehff, d but in this case, "either from a lack of nerve or opportunity the fatal act wąs *ot consummation Saturday Ust * man named Shaw, an' ornamental decoratorfrom fre metropolis paasęd through On- ou delirium and then on Tuesday last fdl to, luAmg away at his windpipe ?at hm weapon waa blunt or his hand tremtled ; for he had on^ raeceeded in making sundry ugly and jaggedJbut not dangerous incisions, when he was interrupted and placed under restraint. At the last meeting of the Queensland Acclima- "^Society the following letter was read from Mr Mr Kirchier. Kirchaer, the the Ute lite emigration emigration a.-ent,-whois agent, who ^s at «t present in Germany :—Besides the different seeds of pines (a variety of 41) I.have sent you 25 of dinkel or spelt (Tritica spelta). I mentioned this grain to you in a former letter. It produces-the best flour—better than wheaten flour, and is not subject to mst; it would be more. generally grown.m Germany, but requiring » very warm and dry summer, the crops cannot be relied on. In bpaiu more —— spelt than wheat . is grown. , , I think T it migijt prove a valuable crop in Queensland. Its cultivation I in oama no nrkaaf » hnfnwi if. /»an OTOTintl thfi of the German emigranta. The shell is a favorite fodder for cowb. ' On Saturday afternoon a trial was made, at Kennedy's St Kilda Baths, of Badcock's patent life-preserving waistcoat. Two men jnmped into deep water each with onet>f the waistcoats attached to his body. Both men while in the water were able, with apparent ease, either to stand up or lie on the water with their faces downwards or upwards, while it was impossible for them to sink. The result of the trial showed that the waistcoat satisfactorily answers the purposes for which it has been invented. A care cf jmaŁ^bite by means at ammonia , "8ome classes of the best spirits" is reported WthePfeLaHTCr^i A^rTliepatient wasbiten Tjya -wliip-Eriake onthe right hand at Burrumburrum, • and r - several - doses - of ammonia • were admin- - • istered by his employer, Mr Walker, who also sciriSed the wound, and tubbed ammonia into it. The man was then sent to Stawell, but on arriving there the doctor he consulted said he was out of^danger, and highly commended the treatment that had been adopted. • • -i - ,,. , , lr A young girl, aged tj^teen years named Mary Ann Coleman, was placed m the City wateh-house on Sunday evening, on a charge of lunacy. The grl only arrived m Melbourne on SaWay from ^ ^ f MT 'l a HIT 6 Ł Portland, stands committed for tnal ou the charge of ha^ng committed a ewmnd Msault upon the girL He took ner into his employ to look after nis children in the absence of the mother, who was sent to the hospital through illness. It is said the cause of the unfortunate creature^ aberration of mind is the shock brought on by Mason's brutal treatment. 