THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. Sir,—I, in common with a large section of your readers, had become so much accus tomed to those " gems " by " Corcebus," that they were looked forward to—and with no small amount ofpleasrure—as a matter of course. " Corcebus" was, I think all will agree, the tight man in the right place, and I am hold to say it will be difficult to find another who, in chronicling' the doings of the Melbourne hounds, will be likely to give such general satisfaction. Mauy, I know, labour under the delasiou that anybody who takes the trouble^ bo long as he possesses the ability to write, can give a correct, as well as readable account of a run; bnt before this can be done a thorough knowledge of the country is indispensable. A man, too, Bbonld be a forward rider and discerning withal—as those who wait for the top tails to be broken have to be lopked after. Then the question suggests itself to one, where is there an individual possessing thoBe qualities to be found 1 I do not mean to say there are not men connected with the Melbourne Hunt Clnb eminently fitted for the task, bnt will tbey take the trouble! Your sporting pages for the last month most emphatically say no. Once more, then, * 'Corcebus," on with the harness and to the rescue. How, Sir, I never in my life attempted a hunting report, yet as I take the liberty of addressing yon under the heading of "The Melbourne Hounds, "a word about last Satur day's doings may not be amiss. The meet was advertised to take place atBraybrook, on the Ballarat road, some seven miles nun Melbourne, the game being the deer which was hunted from the same place Some few weeks ago. The day was anything but a hunting one, the country being as hard as if some worthy follower of Macadam had brought some new patent—extra hard—to bear upon it. And talk about a breeze. Why, the most reckless of Bailors would have called it a gale, and nothing short of it. However, in -spite of these drawbacks, in addition to the gruelling the horses had in the Caulfieid ! country the Saturday previous, a considerable number of the right sort pat in an appearance. There were the Governor, accompanied by. some friends, the master.on Qmadhann, Mr. Inglis on Wild Harry, his brother' on Nim book, Mr. Madden on Celt, Mr. Quintan on a abesiiut, Mr. Evans on a brown,.Mr. Howe on Harold, Mr. Meats on Mormon, Mr. Francis on The Don, Mr. Justice on Hark nway, Mr. Henderson on a "bay, Mr. Davison Certainty, Mr. Foss on a black, Mr. Pender on a bay r also the Messrs. Wilson and Fen ner, and Mr. Grice; I bad almost forgotten Denny on Maniac. I mast here apologise to j*®. or 40 other Btraightgoers whose names bare slipped my memory, and many of whom, I have no doubt, were tough ones long before some of those gentlemen whose names I have mentioned were allowed to moves from the bondage of'their mother's apron-strings. 1 hare not, however, forgot ten the lady in grey, and had I not a word or two to say about the fair sex of Melbourne, I would certainly have given Mrs. ——, whose riding and plant would be a proininentfeatuie in any hunting field in Galway, that position in my list of names which the place she took* throughout the run entitled her to. I now want to ask tte ladies how it is they do not, like their sisters at borne, avail themselves of that grandest and most ennobling of all pastimes—hunting. I am perfectly satisfied they are not wanting in ability or pluck. What, then, can it be? Are their household duties of such a nature that they cannot spare a few honrsonce a week? Or is it pos sible they are associating'the word "fast" J™* the fact of appearing in the hunting field,with their husbands, fathers, brothers, or fnends, as the case may be. Ho, even my fancy will not take me that length, much as I am anxious to find out tlio cause of their deserting 'those who, in all countries and under all circumstances, appreciate them most If, indeed, a thought of what I have allnded to is harboured by the ladies of Mel bourne, how soon would it be dispelled had they only an opportunity of witnessing the finish with any pack of hounds inGreat Britain, bat such a feeling cannot exist, and as I mean to he enlighted on the subject if I can at all manage it, here goes f6r one cast more. Would the probability—nay, the pos sibility—of hearing anything rough in the hunting field have something to do with it ? Horrid thought, I must dispel it, but with the hope that the few remarks I nave taken the liberty of making may be received in the Bpirit in which they are meant. Shall I describe Braybrook ? Ho, I will not, and if you want to know why, it is simply because I cannot. Stupid, you mil say. 1 plead guilty, but in extenuation let me tell you that for the few moments I spent in tbat hamlet I was too intent in discovering the exact position of Fiemington, from which ' direction we fully expected a charge which would, for ever throw that of the "six hun dred" in the shade, but we, I am happy to say, painted a certain person worse than he turned i out to be, and were allowed to proceed ononr way rejoicing. Two miles further, when whips and hounds pass over a stone wall into a paddock on the right, this little obstacle was irresistible, so at it we went, and at the time I thought what a contrast between those pretty inviting little walls and those cold, all daylight- looking post-and-rail fences to be met with sonth of Melbourne. I now hear a loquacious gentleman ask where is Watson. The master did evidently disappear whilst we were negotiating that stone wall. There was a general look round, when I heard a fanny dog on my right exclaim, " I say, boys, behold Wellington's monument." I certainly did, on looking in the direction indicated, fancy I saw the notorious general's ghost on a pedestal of some pretensions, but surely the ghost of England's glory would not—in broad daylight, too—wave his hat, and this the figure did, in response to which we moved on, doing a circuit, so as to give our selves an opportunity of jumping three walls instead of the one which would have taken us back to the road which we h«d just left. On passing through the railway gates . the pedestal before mentioned, in the shape of a deer-cart, met my gaze, but where was the figure ? Yonder, by Jove 1 and evi dently in command, of the troop, which Were now forming into line in front of a post-and rail fence. Another minute and the hounds were away, a large proportion of the field making short work of the first obstacle. Another stone wall and yet another, then a sharp twist to the left, when we ran into those we left at obstacle No. L The hounds ore now going at a rattling pace, and the field have by this time settled down to their work. A succession of stone walls is the order for the next, six miles, and as they are mot very formidable, few have had occasion to retire. We at length come to a stiff three-railer on a rise of ground, bat luckily for Bome, immediately at the other side there was a check, giving those in the rear ample time to come up. During those few minutes the, deer was having a cooler in a lagoon which lay within a few hundred yards or us, and from which he emerged without per suasion, once more ready for the fray. We are quickly in the pigskin and away, the country and,fences being similar to those over which we have come. Another halt, the - deer having again taken shelter, this .time in a swamp of some magni tude. We have .qome about 12 miles the master thinks, and I fancy the majority agree that we have had enough of it, so, there is ,a move made to secure this, noble animal, and after some little tactics are brought into requisition we suc ceed, so that on a future occasion, per haps in winding np the season, we may once, more have the pleasure of an intro duction to this gentleman, who has already afforded three grand days' enjoyment to the M.H.C. this season. We had 20 miles to ride to get back to Melbourne, but who could grumble after spending such a jolly day in the camp of the enemy. INGLESIDES. 