MORE SPARKLING PIECES. At the London Romisli sympathy meeting there were other speakers than those alluded to in our last. Let us edify our readers by presenting them with a few extracts. Lord Howard was the next to speak, and, while amusing his audience by- telling them that he did not know the meaning of the word " Ultramontane," and did not even know how to pronounce it, lie added : — " Ultramontane really meant what nobody in the smallest degree has any idea of at the pre sent day ; what was by some persons many years ago asserted, that the Pope has a deposing power, and also that he had a claim to temporal power — not only in his own kingdom, but in all other kingdoms of the world. People use the term quite ignorantly, not knowing what it means." Now, here is an attempt to state that the Pope has " no such deposing power," and that he has no temporal rights unless within his own kingdom." The statement is very feebly put. It is something like a denial, but only a half one,, that what per sons said long ago was not true ; and only a half denial that the Pope has " temporal . power " in other kingdoms besides his own. But siich shuffling is not creditable ; for if eyer . any thing was ..perfectly . : plain in the Encyclicals and Syllabus, as well as in the writings and preachings of Dr. Manning, it is this, that the Pope, as the Vicar of Jesus Christ, the representative of God on earth, Pius IX. has deposing power in all kingdoms, and that the laws of any king dom which arc not sanctioned by the Pope are no laws at all. Nor is such a claim extravagant if the principle be admitted that the Pope is God's voice and representative. The logical issue of the dogma that the Pope is above all kings, superior to all laws, the teacher of all nations, and the fountain and reservoir of all truth, is this very thing which people said long ago, and which honest people are saying again, that the temporal power of the Pope is so great and paramount that he coulcl, if the nations would not laugh instead of tremble, lay Germany, Italy, and England under an Interdict. But of course the nations would laugh and hence such persons as Lord Howard tries to insinuate before an audience in England, that the Pope never claimed to have deposing power or tempo ral power outside his own kingdom ! Witness the Bull of the holy Pope which pretended to deposethat "accursed woman," Elizabeth, and to loose from allegiance to her all the people of England, as a heretic ! This is a case which should never be for gotten by Englishmen, for it has never been revoked by Pius IX. Lord Howard next referred to the English nation, as a religious nation, in such terms as these : — " Go," he said, " into any cottage in the agri cultural districts, and what do you iind as one of the most cherished possessions, but the Bible ? If the English people study that Bible, as I doubt not they do, they will read what I happened to read the other day, and which struck me as being very appropriate on the present occasion and then he quoted the famous dream of Nelmcadtiezzar, and compared the Great Image to the German Empire ! Now, here is something curious. The English are praised for having the Bible, and the cottages of the poor agriculturalists are said to be made glad by its reading. But this is due to Protestantism. This is a sight which is never seen in the cottages of the poor farmers in Romish countries. The Bible is not a " cherished possession " among them. Not only have they not, in the great majority of cases, any Bibles at all ; but they could not read them if they had. The priests have not taught them ; the priests do not believe in the virtue of giving them Bibles, even if they ivere able to read ; and the Pope, instead of en couraging Bible Societies and Bible col porteurs, so that the Douay might be offered to them at a very low price, he denounces Bible Societies as "pests "and Bible sellers as " strolling " heresy distribu tors ! But Lord Howard himself does not appear to be well acquainted with his Bible. It is only the other day since he discovered — happened to read — the famous dream of Nebucadnezzar ! Jt struck him. Strange that it did so. But what a pooi- interpreter he is, and how terrible the risk he van in interpreting at all ! for he applied to the German Empire what every ordinary intelligent reader would admit depicted far more faithfully the very fallen Pope whose fall Lord Howard was deploring ! Mr. Allies spoke next, and, in a long address, came out strong on the "Bis- marckian legislation," and he sets it out thus : — "This you will, perhaps, best realize if you suppose that (in this country) no priest could be appointed to any cure by our Archbishop with out getting first the consent of the Minister of State." But the most uninformed listener or reader will perceive that this was a false putting of the matter, and intended to catch the prejudice which people in the free country of England, where religious liberty frees all sects from State control. But the fact is that while in England the interference of the State minister with Dr. Manning's appointment of his priests to cures would be l-eligious tyranny, in Ger many, according to the nature of the con nexion between the Church and the State, and the absolute dependence of the Church on the State for salaries and church build ing, there has always been this interference of the State minister with the ecclesiastical appointments. The two cases therefore are not parallel, and the attempt to set them out as parallel was simply a dis honesty intended to mislead the ignorant audience, and to " get up " a case of hard ship which could not be perceived if the truth had been told. In illustration of " Bismarckian legisla tion," Mr. Allies put the case thus : — "Your priests shall not be instinct with : your spirit, they shall have mine ; they shall go to my university ; they shall learn my philo- , sophy, my views of history, and the spirit of my German literature. They shall be adepts in the literature of Goethe, for instance, and Schiller, Goethe being a well known Pantheist, and a man of mighty genius, but a denier of God. Tliey shall understand the various systems of Germany philosophy, all of which terminate in the denial of one personal God who has made us and redeemed us. This they shall do, but they shall not be your priests ; they shall not pro mulgate the one faith, the one doctrine of morals and of Christian faith in which the Catholic Church consists." This is simply a fraud and a misrepre sentation. If the case of Mr. Allies was good— if Catholic sympathy did not pro ceed upon false pretences — there was 110 Heed for such deliberate misrepresentation as this to waken and excite it. Bismarck, of course, is not loved by the church ; but it is unjust to accuse him of doing what Mr. Allies here alleges. He is resolved to bring ecclesiastics under subjection to the law ; but to say that he purposes to make priests infidels, and to bring them up in a denial of the one personal God — in other words, to train them to be Pantheists and Atheists j — this, we affirm, is a gross libel upon the statesman and also upon his Royal master, both of whom are as far from this iniquity as a Romanist is from truth or honesty when his church is to be served. " Bismarckian legislation " may not be everything which an Englishman would desire ; but it aims at one thing which every patriot will acknowledge and approve, viz., the supremacy of the State over the Church in all temporal matters and the absolute submission of all persons in the State to the law of the land. The Roman Church cannot brook this "modern liberty," " this modern civilization j" and because, hitherto, it has been accustomed to dictate, and to claim exceptions for it self and its priests, it now takes very ill with the modern change. The labour of Mr. Allies to prove that the Independents of England, the Presbyterians of Scotland, and the Wesleyans of the whole of Great Britain would not submit to Bismarckian legislation is simply in vain, and proceeds upon a fallacy which is transparent enough ; but none of these bodies assume and claim what the Romish Church claims. These bodies have no foreign potentate to serve, whom they regard as higher in temporal things than the Sovereign of their country. These bodies have no political interests to serve but those which are identical with the good of the country. Their ministers are not an army organisa tion to carry out the behests of a master who assumes to be the Lord of the world. They are " religious bodies," associated together for religious ends, and their mem bers are as mixed in political sentiment as their faces are different. This then is an immense difference, and is a full reply to the petitio principii appeal of Mr. Allies. We maintain that if the Independents in England, and the Presbyterians in Scot land, and the Wesleyans throughout the land were to set up the army organization which the Romish Church in Germany has set up to thwart and overthrow the legislation of the country — were the ministers of these bodies to become political agitators and regulators as the Archbishops and bishops and priests of Germany are — were the churches to be come the political centres and strongholds of a foreign king as. the Romisli Church in Germany is, then, even in England and Scotland, where religious liberty is in its highest development, it would be right for the State to interfere and place these bodies under such laws and restraints as would destroy their disloyal and seditious spirit. All Protestant bodies in England and Scotland perceive clearly that the whole dispute is one which involves the question, Who is to rule in Germany? Emperor William or Pope Pius, through his priests ? The Earl of Denbigh followed com mencing with the extraordinary and unwarranted statement that Bismarck had been selected by the " secret societies " whose aim is to overturn all religion, because of his boldness and unscrupulous- ness, in the hope that if the Romish Church with her perfect organization be beaten, all the other religious communities must follow in her train ! Bismarck will understand that this is a compliment ! He is selected by. the secret societies to sweep religion from the earth, and, in pursuit of this object he begins with the Romish church, as the great bulwark of religion, so that when this citadel is carried, the conquest of the whole country will immediately follow ! Earl Denbigh proceeds' : — "The Society of Jesus, as you well know, was founded by a soldier, and as such has a strict military organization and discipline. For three centuries has it existed and flourished with a sort of eternal youth, are unquenchable vigor, without ever requiring reform." Here again, there is the usual audacity an l disregard of truth." " Without ever re quiring reform !" but what shall we say in answer to this ? Why, that a holy and infallible Pope— -one as infallible as Pius IX. — denounced the Society of Jesus, or the Jesuits, as so utterly bad, so incurably beyond reform, that he abolished it for ever, as a society made up of the worst characters who had ever lived ! Pope Clement XIII. did not stop at " reform." He did not conceive that reform was possible. " Actuated and aided by the Holy Spirit " he declared that the church could not recover a firm and durable peace so long as the said society existed." . So that the cure which he applied to so bad an excrescence was that it should be cut off and destroyed. Accordingly, by the supreme power and will of the Pope, aided by the Holy Ghost, the Jesuit Society was abolished for ever ! It is revived again ! The Earl of Denbigh's allusion to St. Jerome as an Ultramontanist is amusing. He gives St. Jerome as speaking thus : — " Following none first but Christ Jesus joined in connexion with your holiness — that is, with the chair of St Peter ; upon that rock I know the church is built ; whoever eats the Lamb out of this house is profane. If any , be not in the Ark of Noah he will perish while the deluge prevails. Whoever gathereth not with thee scattereth — that is, whosoever is not of Christ is of Antichrist." "This has the true ring of Ultramontanism about it." Now, the Earl was not ashamed of his quotation. But h par what another Roman ist said of St. Jerome, " He ever argued on principles which made him contradict himself. His genius was hot and vehement. He fell upon his adversaries with fierce ness. He often carries his subject too far, being transported with his ordinary heat. He commends, blames, condemns and approves of things according to the im pression which they make upon his imagi nation. He taught that the angels may sin j that Christ died for the angels ; that thesun and stars have souls ; and in his commentaries there are several opinions which savour of Jewish superstition and credulity." Surely the church is welcome to such a Doctor of Ultramontanism and Jesuitry ! The rest of the speakers simply repeated the story which had been told before. The atheists and neologians were resolved to abolish religion, and so they wished to strike down the church — the contest is one between religion and infidelity — and the Roman Church is founded upon a rock and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. Upon the whole, the sparkling pieces which we have quoted, prove that Catholic sympathy was first drummed up by pastorals and preachings, and then it was kept a-boiling by statements from the platform which were distinctly untrue and which in many cases were nothing more than slanders and misrepresentations. 