IVRF GOSSIP. By Falcon. ..On Thursday, and rriday next 13aliarat will, liokl its annual meeting in tho midst of that luxuriant country and pleasing landscape known as DovVling Forest. Thither arc all the lovers of the turf .expected to congregate, and as there are many reasons why those interested in such matters should attend, one arm of the racing public are at least pretty sure to be well repre sented. Ballarat is expected to throw somo light upon the more important events to be de cided at Flemington next month. It may he so; on the other hand it may be valueless as a guide,; as our host horses are not in nomination there, so unless the Ballarat Cup be won with a good reserve in hand, and in excellent time, it will fail to disturb existing impressions. As to the . events to be run at Ballarat, never were stable soerets more enshrouded in mystery, tho halo of .suspicion which surrounds Break o' Day having put a positive check upon all speculation. Nor are the owners in the race free from a feel ing of anxiety. They say, and naturally enough : "We may have another Don Juan to meet; if so, wo have not the ghost of a chance, and may just as well remain at home." Their best plan would !bo to face this terror at once, and test his value, lor if they are to be humbled and defeated it may as well occur at Ballarat as at Flemington ; and better, for they could withdraw from the Cdp to take their chance in another race. Should any of tho turned loose lot exhibit themselves in very bright colors, I hope it will not be lost sight \- of by our hondicapper in tho future. It should show Mr. Barnard that up-country defeats, where the circumstances of the race are imperfectly known, and the condition of the horse only one of conjecture, are not entitled to the sympathy they meet with at his hands. As long as the unseen horses get so much mercy shown them in our largo handicap races, eo much stronger is the inducement to keep them out of sight. So far os I know, there is not the slightest reason to suppose that Break o'Day was beaten in any Other way .than, on bis merits, and I am quite sure that had it not got buzzed about that be had joined .the St. Alban s team, there would never iiave.been all this stir about him. The sudden advent, of Don Juan last year, the easy way in which, -he capsized the largest pot that was Over entrusted to a horse in this colony, added to, a previous double victory'at Geelong by Flying Scud, .who found his way silently to the Geelong stable .from. Adelaide, ' are circumstances which .have prepared the public mind toexpect surprises "fromdhe same quarter at any moment. And every; report concerning a horse in that stable .in:-. - some v measure becomes confirmed, .from- the very difficulty which stands in the . way of knowing anything' to the contrary. If the public were wise they would restrict tbeir investments to- post betting. So little has been doing on Ballarat that it is' verg- . ing on that principle' already, though on ft. Melbourne Cup everybody ;'enjoys the risky and ; accepts the many uncertainties by which tbeir chances are surrounded. Touching probabilities, . I still prefer Doubtful or Welshman for the Hurdle Race, though I am told it is questionable whether the former starts or not, and if any of the top weights beat Ada and. Jack Sprat in the Telegraph Stakes, it must he some thing possessing the quality of Newbold or Atalanta. ' Po'ssibly tho former may go for the Cup instoad, and tne same reason may lead to the retiremont of Ada. And as regards the Cup, if Break o' Day is a racehorse, what is to effect his overthrow? A five-year-old with 6 st. 81b., and tho best in of any horse in the -race, compels me to lean to him. Were he out of it, I should in cline to Newbold, because I think with a fair weight and favorable condition he ought to be able to stay in this field, and I would rather trust a horae I know to be well and fit than chance the condition of ono wholly unknown to mo. Tho Maid of Aveuel is another dangerous bit of goods. Here we have condition again, aided by another strong, recom mendation, that of proved form. Still she is a little heavier weighted than she was in Sydney, and has a hill to climb. The Ace I do not think quite fit enough at present, but should Rory O'Mofo be started I shall expect him to run very forward. Seaspray has to give the Maid of Avenel 6 lb., which is plenty between them. The former is a good marc, and discovered her self to be better in the autumn than we gave her credit for in the spring, but the public form of tho Maid makes mo prefer her of the two. With Break o'Day out of tho stable I should tbink Fugleman about good enough to win it. It may be that he is to be the horse after all. If so, those who reserve tbeir investments- till the post will have the best of it. Maori looks the best on paper for the Selling Hurdle Race, and Pandora or Hero for the Flying Stakes, and for the Ballarat Pan- dora or Jack Sprat seem to have great chances on paper, but I can get no reliable tidings of the former; Break o'Day is again well in, and during the past week I have seen two others doing such good work that I am persuaded they also are in it. I allude to Ada and Planter, both of which aTe very fit, and particularly hot property at this distanco. The Steeplechase market is shifty ; I do not like it all. If the stable consider Non sense good enough on tho day I should follow them. In his abscnco it will be a fight again be tween Sheet Anchor and Ragged Jack. Doubtful is spoken of as a probable starter, and his; stable say ho may be trusted- to get over the sticks. There are a large number of horkes training at Dowling Forest. A friend of mine, a good judge too, says tlicy arc' mostly looking in blooming (fondition. Tommy Wilson has a large string, consisting of Alma, Grace Roseberry, Prince Patrick, May King, and the jumpers Narcisse, Brownie, All Fours and Polka. Gallagher has in work Villicrs, Pandora and Bonivc; and at tho samo stables Mr. Cold- ham's team, Early Morn, Dawn o Day, Light o Day and Brightlight nro located. In the neighborhood arc Ararat and Ballyrogau, also Sir Richard and Druid. Sheet Anchor and Friar work hero, under the direction of their owner, and Goodie has Nonsense and Maori. At Perkins's are Goshawk, Tramp, Sultan and Enid, the pro perty of Mr. Winter, together with the old steeplechase horse Reindeer. The ground there is in excellent order, and well attended to. The Ballarat Star statoa that Mr. Wilson's stables aro full, the string consisting of -Polka, All Fours, Brownie, Alma, Grace Roseberry, Princo Patrick, May King,- and Narcisse. Mr. Gallagher's horses, Pandora, Villicrs and Bonive are stabled at Redman's, Sulky Gully, together with Mr. Coldham's string, Early Morn, Dawn o' Day, Light o' Day and Bright Light. At Mrs. Tait's are Mr. Walker's horses, Ararat and Ballyrogan, and Mr. Howie's Sir Richard and Druid. Mr. Winter's quartette, Goshawk, .Tramp, Sultan and Enid are at Perkins's hotel, "together with old Iteindeor ; and at Mr. Brown's farm aro stationed Sheet Anchor and Friar. Mr. Goodie's two horses, Nonsense and Maori, are also stabled in the locality. The turf on tho running ground (in Dowling ForcBt) is also in excellent order, and will he like a bowling greon after mowing, which will be com menced at onco. All tho othor preparations for the Spring Meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club are as complete as possible, and, weather per mitting, there is evory reason to suppose that a couple of good days' sport will bo tho result. Wyndbam provided an afternoon's amusement on Monday last, and of course a great many went down, some more to watch tho influences and changes which might ariso concerning the Cup race than anything else. Gloom won one race, and lost another, her owner taking a long shot about her for the. Cup, and Neotsfield showed himself to be a very speedy horse. Kensington Park is to be opened to- day. It is situated close to tho Kensington station on the Essendon line, from which circumstance it derives its namo, so the access to it is both cheaper and easier than to any other suburban course, 'which has as yet.bcen in being. The grand stand is the same as that once in use at Croxton Park, bnt has been reconstructed so as' to afford a bettor view than it then did. The course is not very long, but tho ground is level, and the turns pretty good, The entries are very satis factory, and there is pretty sure to be a fair field. Tho Wodonga Jockey Club races are advertised to take place on the 7th and 8th January. The Wodonga Handicap of 100 so vs. is advertised, as also is tho Hurdle Race of SO sovs. On Tuesday, 20th inst., is the timo 'specified for receiving the general entrios for tho many events in the Victoria Racing Club programme. When complete it will exhibit a heavy bill of fare, probably the largest entry we have ever had. Last Monday little Johnny Lang, son of Mr. William Lang, tho trainer and rider, rode his maiden race on the Hero at Wyndbam, which he won in a very creditable way. Mr. Lang will find a wonderful advantage and addition of strength in having a .light weight in whom he can trust, while it will make him more indepen dent of outside aid. . Father and son can now divide the heavy and light weight business be tween them, a good middle weight being all they require. 1 am authorised to state that the Williams- town races will take place on the 26th of Decem ber. The programme for the same will shortly be issued. Sam Davis has some boxes unoccupied at Flemington. He also' states that. he is free to accept any engagement for a meeting or the en tire season. Rory O'More has been banded over to Cutts, the New Zealand trainer, to prepare for bis en gagements. Joseph Morrison has purchased the steeplechase horse, First Toss, and xc-ohristened Mm Try Again. The proprietor of Maribyrnong bos sustained another loss in a foal from Spring Blossom. Hobart Town ia nowjin the field, having drawn up and issued its programme for the 11th and 12th of February. Very wisely they Have confined their efforts to two days, instead "of dragging it over three, which is much approved. : They have a very strong stewardship, who I am told aTe heart and soul in tho thing. The opening race is a Trial Stake of .50 sovs., with a 'sweep of 3 sovs. added. Then comes -the. Grand Stand. Stakes, a . handicap of 3 soys, with 60 sovs, added,, one mile and three-quarters, which is quite a mib- , take, as it precedes the Hobart Town 'Cup, Oh i the same day, which is a sweep of 15 sovs. each , with 300 sovs. added, though in the order of i events the hurdlerace with 50 sovs added epmes between them. The Railway PJate of 50 soys, is a weight for ago race over thfee quarters of a mile, finishing with the Galloway Stakes for 20 sovs, A three quarters of a mile handicap with 40 sovs. added introduces the second day, fol lowed by a mile weight for age race, and; a Racing Club Handicap of 7 sovs. each with 350 sovs. added, a mile and a half; a steeplechase with 100 sovs. added, and Consolation of thirty-r- on the whole a very fair programme. . Monday, 19bh October, is thejday of nomination -for Cup. T.R.C. Handicap, Grand Stand Stakes, and Steeplechase. By the City of Adelaide, several race horses safely arrived here, amongst them being Goldsbrougn, the Cup favorite, attended by the Arrow and Melbourne : also six belonging to his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Speculation, Fitz-yat tendon, Neredab, Nca, Hyperion and Barbara. All were landed in good order,, and proceeded to their stables at Flemington. Early in the. week The Prophet arrived from Sydney, having been purchased there by Mr, Saqui. - That gentleman, however, denies being the owner, Ho has gone into Mr. Robert Sevior's stable, at Newmarket, to be trained.- Roso d'Amour, Romeo, Viva and Lord Lyon have been withdrawn from the Melbourne Cup. Poet, Gameboy and Duffer have been scratched for the Kensington Hurdle Race, Poodle for the Handicap, and Sal Rags for the Trot. On Thursday next the acceptances for. the Wagga "Wogga Oup, Grand Handicap, and Town Plate are due. . Nominations for the Ararat St, Leger. are due on Thursday, next. , . : . From the stads I am informed that Silvia has thrown a filly to The Marquis, and Nathalie a colt to the same horse; Spring Blossom and Fenella fillies to Fireworks, Chrysolite and Rag picker colts to Fireworks, Thyra a filly to .The Marquis. Mr. Lee's Sappho has dropped a colt foal to Kingston, at Bushy Creek, and goes to Tim Whiffler. Bronzewing has a colt to. Tim, and goes to bim again. At Carin Curran, Patrie, by GJadiateur, has a colt to The Marquis, and goes to Irish King. - 