THE LATTER DAY SAINTS. The announcement that Mr William Geddes, who styles himself an 'elder' from Salt Lake City, the abode of the Mormons, or Latter Day Saints, would deliver an address at the Oddfellows' Hall, drew to gether a considerable number of persons of both sexes on Sunday afternoon. Mr Geddes, who is a middle-aged man, has a good voice, but a somewhat monotonous delivery. He is fluent in speech, though his address was at times rambling and rather incoherent, but his intimate acquaintance with Scripture, of which he appears to have been a diligent student, materially assists him whenever he finds himself running away from the point he is trying to impress upon his hearers. It is not too much to say that nearly every one present was disappointed in the subject of the address. Visions of minute descriptions of Brigham Young and his many wives, reasons in support of polygamy, facts about Salt Lake City, and other information of an interesting character floated before the minds of those who went lo hear Mr Geddes ; but when he announced that he was going to talk about 'the great plan of salvation,' evident surprise and disappoint ment was depicted in the faces of many persons, and several of them very soon after wards left the hall. However, those who remained had the satisfaction of hearing a partial exposition of the views of the Mor mons, and also a little about Brigham Young. Mr Geddes began by desiring any reporters of the Press present to take their seats at the table on the platform; and also asked any gentlemen who wished to occupy the chairs placed there, but no one responding to the invitation, he offered up a prayer which the most orthodox clergyman could not have taken exception to. He then began by saving that he had received the most courteous treatment from the people of this colony. He congratulated Tasmanians on the great enterprise they had shown in the development of their country, which be said, was a beautiful land, with a nice climate, and very much improved by the gardens in it. After these preliminary flattering remarks, he announced that he was going to talk about the great plan of salvation. All his preaching, he said, his teaching, and his exhortation, was strictly in accordance with the Scriptures. Before he gave out his text, however, he briefly alluded to the people to whom he belonged, of whose history, he said, those present probably knew very little. What they did know was perhaps from little sketches in the newspapers, written by persons who had visited Salt Lake City, and obtained false impressions of the people. Mr Geddes proceeded to say that he should endeavor to examine the Gospel as it was established upon the earth by the Great Captain of Salvation, and for this purpose he hoped his hearers would exercise their patience for the space of an hour and a half or two hours, just as the Spirit gave him utterance. Several persons looked rather gloomy at such a prospect, and walked out, but Mr Geddes, without noticing the exit, gave out his text - the 16th chapter of Mark, beginning at the 15th verse-' Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature, &c.; The Scripture distinctly laid down, he argued, that there was to be but one faith, one Lord, and one baptism; and yet how was it that, by the last statistics it was found that there were 650 different denominations on the earth? If there was one faith, one lord, one baptism throughout the world, would not a man find a brother in every part of the earth wherever he might go? And would not every one "know the Lord, even from the least to the greatest?" He wished to see, he said, if the Gospel which was taught in the Bible could be found in the world at the present time and first of all he took up the question of baptism, con tending that infant sprinkling was contrary to the teachings of the New Testament, and that in not adhering to adult immersion. the churches had departed from the ordinance laid down in the Scriptures. What an awful dilemma, Mr Geddes exclaimed, the world was in at the present time! referring to the manner in which it had set aside the laws and ordinances given by Christ. He then traced the history of the Christian Church, held that the rock referenced to in the passage "on this rock will I build mv church." was the rock of revelation, and said that the Roman Catholic Church was established by the sword. Luther, Calvin, and Bunyan, he admitted, were great and good men, and had done a good work; but Calvin had acknowledged that the reason why the Churches did not receive blessings slnli-il In the S.Ti- tires because they had departed from the Gi^pel. Hi' quoted from the I2lhof Iteveliillons.and Bald that he understood lhat the Almighty hid actually sent bis angel to restore nil the la-vsand ordinances of Christ. The Almighty hod commenced that great work, and that Gospel had lircn airalu restored, and fhat was the testimony that lie (Mr Gcddcs) wa- ?cut to bear lo all nations, and kindtc ta, and tongaes, and people. He urged upon his hearers to repent and lie biptMed. The whole argument nf the speaker wa« lo kIiow that the laws and ordinances of Christ hid been departed from hy every church in cliristenilom, and that it existed alone among llic Lnttcr IHy Kilnls. There wore 20il,n0il people In the Salt IaVc territory, lie uid. Those of them ivho went out to preach did not rera-lvc a penny for their services. He himoelf hid borne his own expenses tn Tas mania to come find preach the Rospel, He had left his family and all that be had, flnd that »ns 'Ihc general rule. If a man was called to preich the gospel, he left every thing, took u-- the cxn-w, and -afeut, fonh. They b?licvcd they were weak Instru ments Killed forth in these day« lo gci and preach Ihc gospel. They took prcat trouble to educate themselves Hid Ihrirohildren.and In become faiilllar with tin? liistory of (HiTorcnt 'and-i nn-t tin? c^ni mandnienlB of God. He himself spoke by the L'ift of the power of the Holy Ghost. He had been thirty years among the Mormons ; when he was a mere child, he left all his relatives and joined lhat people. He knew thnt » gran portion 'f Ihc worl'l dcupicod rirlghnm Voiimr, who was one of the greatest benefactors of I lie age. He (Mr Geddes) had travelled with Mr Young by day and by night, and he knew him to be a good man; and those present would say the same if they could only shake his hand. They were a benevolent people at Salt Lake. They allowed any one to preach in their large tabernacle; it did not matter what or who a man worshipped, they would let him have the tabernacle. But they were a persecuted people. Mr Geddes said he knew many per sons would like to hear something about marriage, because his people were stigmatized with having more wives than one; but as he had not time to touch on that subject now, he would take it up next Sunday afternoon. The proceedings were closed with prayer, after which a number of tracts were dis tributed. 