REVIVALS. TO Til EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sir, — Your correspondent "A. L. W.'s" lette hnent the above subject requires to bo criticised First, be asserts tbat religious revivalism is a disease ; second, that it is infectious ; third, tbat America is tbe homo of religious impostors : fourth, insinuates that Messrs. Moody and Sankey are impostors ; fifth, tbat tuoso affected by tbo "plague" should receive pathological treatment ; sixth, that revivals are injurious to tho religious interests of tbe community, fee., fee. I think if your correspondent had avoided mak ing gratuitous dogmatic assertions and insinua tions, and confined himself to giving your readers a dtaqoisition on the attributes of religion and tbo particular modes or methods in which human beings should manifest their religious feelings and impressions, he would perhaps have dono the community some service. Christian religious revivals commeucod when 3000 Jews in one dav were convertod to worship tho Messiah, through hearing aud seeing the apostle Peter preaching tbo gospel with a fervency of zeal and lovo and truthfulness of aspect as fairly to win them oyer to love aud adore tbo meek, lowly and loving roan whom they bad just a short time previously helped to murder. Sympathy has a great deal to do with the Christian religion.. A truly reli gious man will have no sympathy with a mur derer or a blackguard when ho hears their deeds recounted ; but bis sympathy will immediately bo drawn forth, and abundantly manifested when ho bears, for instance, the beauty and loveliness of the cbai a:ter and life of Jesus Christ truly and, simply portrayed, whether convoyed in a heart and head stirring address, or in singing or hearing sung a beautiful and simple hymn about the tender and loving Saviour of mankind. In illustration, and as an example of the truth of these statements I will just relate an incident touching my own personal experience in the matter. The other day I heard a number of young people sing ing some hymns. Tho majority of the hymns they sang, although very pretty, failed to make the sligntestimpressica upon my thoughts or feelings; hut when the last pieco (a delightfully harmonious and withal simple musical geui, sot to some art less, child-like words about coming to the Saviour) was being sung, my sympathetic feel ings were stirred to their very depths, and caused the tears (yes, tears of ecstatic joy and gladness) to come into my eyes, although 1 tried my best to keep thom down, in case anyoneshould see them and think mosoft. When this transporting" and rapturous kind of feeling was upon me, I dc-j clare it to he my solemn conviction that if any o" the people in tho placo had set an oxamplo and commenced to cry out, and glorify Gbd, I could no more have prevented my thoughts and feelings from sympathising, and my voice joining, with them in givcu veut in language, or sound of some kind, to the praise of God, than I could have prevented the silent, sympathetic tears from welling up into my eyes. I quite -believe that it a preacher something like the apostle' Peter were to appear in Molbourno he would not havo long to wait for' a religious, revival. We want truo, zealous,, simple and unselfish preachers and teachers and singers of tho gospel ; without thom we will havo no revivals. Does your correspondent believe tbat( the Christian religion stands in no need of being rivived, or rather vivified, in this colony ? If he . docs, then all I can sayis that he is too lukewarln to bo a true Christian ; if be is not a Christian, the Christian community may woll dispense with his interference and interpretation. of matters-ap pertaining to Christian religions revivals, aud his1 dogmatising about a religious belief which ho does not understand. — Yours, Ac., J. B. Y. to tub slditor of the age. Sir, — Your correspondent, "A. L. W.," is suf/cring from diseased spiritual vision. I have read and" heard of persons who, through .dis ordered Bight, have seen everything green, and sometimes all would appear of other colors, just as tho malady might affect them ; sometimes the disease iB constitutional, and the sight one symp tom of it only. This is the case with your cor respondent, "A. L. W.;" the vision of the soul is diseased. In proof, I would ask him to road in 1st Corinthians, ii, 14.; also, furthor proof, John iii, 3." Now, Sir, there is only one remedy that will euro this discaso, and it is fonnd in the same verso, John iii., 3. A cbango of tho whole spiritual constitution must take place before the sight will becomo perfect. And if " A. L.W." is reallv de sirous of being cured, it will cost him nothing in the shape of £ e. d., and the first prescription ho must digest is a very encouraging one ; ho may find it in James, i., 5. Let hint tako that first. After, every morning, noon and night, take tjie full dose in Luke xi., 1 to _ -13, and if he continno that, adding to it at times Psalm lxvi. and xviii, I will guarantee him a complete cure ; his Bight will become so clear and perfect that he will never again confuse Moody and Sankey with dancing dervishes, nor Wesley with Plutarch and Gilfillan, and a number of others he referred to.— Yours, A SUNDAY-SCHOOL TEACHER. to the emtor of the age. : Sir,— Your correspondent "A. L. W." says ef Messrs. Moody and Sankey, "The fact tbat thoy are Americans is to my mind a strong presump tion against tho genuineness of their mission." Is that an unprejudiced start to make? Is it a broad, generous view ofhnmanity to tako ? What does he supposo his' American fellow colonists think of it? In fact.it is so un-English that I hope ho is not an Englishman ; hut ono thing that evoiy man who is as woll read as he seems to be should know is, that good breeding shonld prevent snch clannish and narrow remarks. It sounds so much like "Can any good come out of Nazareth ? " From his next observation on the " outpourings of the Holy Spirit," I infer that he is a Believer in the doctrines of Christianity, and ho appears to agree with tbe awakoning of sinners, but objects strongly to revivals. Assuming that Christians should always be in a state of perfection, as opposed to spasmodic efforts, no doubt it would be hotter if it wero so, but as long as man has a part in any thing, I fear that fits and starts will be the rule ; and aB tho Almighty has made the spread of His kingdom contingent upon tho faith and prayer of His servants, and has promised to regard their intercessions for the abovementioned "pouring out of the Holy Ghost," a greater exerciso of their efforts must, in accordance with His promise, result in oxtra manifestations of His power, henco the fluctuations complained of. "Ho did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief," shows the flood-tide of God's working in connection with human agency ; while the promise, " whatsoever two or three of you shall ask as touching my kingdom it shall be granted unto you," shows the full ebb-tide of it. Yet " A.L.W." says "for any body of clergymen to put their hoads together to order a revival . . is a blunder and a crime." What a difference is there between the teaching of. A. L. W. and that of Christ? Which shall we go by ? I prefer the latter. I presnmo that a revival means that' man's spiritual instincts became awakened afresh,' and then, rememboring the -promises, they plead them, and that then tho Almighty fulfils them, by " pouring out His spirit," and a revival, or resurection, or awakening, or any other term that will express the rctnrn of spiritual instincts from torpidity to lifo is the result. Is religion the only thing that is subject, through man's insta bility, tosucli fluctuations? Are there no politi cal revivals? What shall we call a re-opening of the free-trade v. protection question but a re vival ? There are revivals of tbe drama, fashions, Ac. Respecting the principal part of the letter, where the writer has exhibited his oxtensive reading in the subject of religious mania, hysteria, Ac., I have net much to say. He : has succeeded in the exhibition, and I hope is satisfied with it ; but when . ho speaks of . fanaticism I am afraid his wild talking at that, subject will bo likely to show his inconsistency, as the do votedness of tho great founder of Christianity, as woll as the apostles and martyrs, aro likely to clash with his ideas of propriety. Whatever may be tho object of Mr. GilffiUan or " A. L.W. ' in enunciating such views, thoy appear to mo, at least,' to be very unadvisedly put forth, and I trust they will see thoir inconsistency. WLat- ovor may be thought of these remarks by men who consider themselves intellectually my superiors, I cannot help saying that cleri cal opposition has arisen before now ngaimit lay helpers, who havo proved successful in rousing tbe consciences tbat stated orthodox preaching seldom reach. Let no true minister of Christ bring disgrace on his profes sion by any such unworthy feelings, but glory in the success of the gospel, by whomsoever pro claimed. And we should bo careful in persecut ing any one, because if they should happen after all to be Christ's disciples. He has said " What soever ye do' to one of the. least of these my disciples ye do unto me." WILMOT OAKEY. 30 Elizabeth-street north, 23rd June. to the editor of the age. Sir,— Reading in yonr issue of Monday an outline of discourse delivered by Rev. Mr. Bird on religious revivals, and in Tuesday's issue a letter signed " A.L. W."on the same subject, I felt much pleased that you had opened the pages of your widely circulated paper to the considera tion of the subject. In reading the dis course and correspondence referred to, I was sorry to find ; that tho idea of religious revival was associated with fanaticism, extravagance and much that is sensational. This view to my mind is most erroneous so far as regards the present great religions movement now going on iu Scot land. All accounts of it 1 have read agreo in characterising it as a movement distinguished for sober-mindedness and . anxious, serious inquiry. The following passages from a paper read by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, of Berwick, who has thrown him self into the movement with extraordinary hearti ness and interest — one whose fame stands so high as a scholar, a philosopher, and a divine—, would not be found approving of 'a work spring ing, only from excited- feelings and morbid exer- "ciss of the imagination— he says the whole town, a sixth or seventh part of whose population was gathered, together, was struck at once, and all that hasfollowedlbssbeen'nioreorless thecoutinuation of that first mighty impulse. For days a shadow of awe rested on the place. Anuetywas.tosMua saved. A rain, in regard to the kind of addressee delivered Dr. Cairns says: — "I have been a minister of Christ for more than twenty-eight years, and have listened to all varieties of preach- isg in many sanctuaries, and in other places, but more powerful, passionate, soul-stirring exhorta tions, and appeals than I have heard night after night in this place I do not expect to hear in. this world, and I feel how tremendous will be the responsibility if all this has been passed through by any one in vain. It has been to tbo glory of our God and Saviour, tbat this exchange,' so often filled with other echoes, has resounded with- the glorious gospel, and its wallsand roof have given back the hallolujabs of multitudes, not a few of whom havo joined in the praiso as a new song, and that nightly, on the floor and in the retiring room, thoro have knelt with their spir itual advisers thoso who were struggling out. of darkness and sin into the mar- vollous light of Christ's kingdom. What ever becomes of the future, these things belong to the history of the past, and they .will be memorable as showing the power of a revived Christianity to lay its hand upon all thingsand subdue and consecrate all to Christ. . Truly wonderful has been tho attendance for nearly a month at theso nightly meetings. With a very few exceptions the;exchange has been fjjled and repeatedly crowded with moro'than fifteen hun dred auditors, nor has this been dependent to any very marked degree on the presence' of strangers, for some very large meetings have been addressed by local brethren alone, and the unfailing attendance and deep attention, can only be ascribed to tbo presence of the Spirit of God. Tho good resulting from the movement ha3 been that Christian parents have felt a freedom in speaking about divine things to their children, and tho children to tbe parents, and very many of all classes who never, or at least very soldoni, read their Bible or knelt in prayer, have been led to do so ; neglectors of the' sanc- tr'ary havo found their way to tho House of God ; swearers havo ceased to swear ; drunkards have become sober ; and the desire of very many hearts has been to live a nobler, purer, holier life. ' As a Presbyterian I am vory glad that the Melbourne presbytery are interesting themselves in this movement, and whether by resolution or mutual consent, I pray that their offorts will be blessed to bring about a revived state of things, for I think there cannot be two opinions but that both ministcra and people would bo nono tbe worse, but all the better for a little more quick- ing. In regard to the position taken up by the Rev. George Gilfillan, of Dundee, I am not sur prised. Ho did the same thing about fourteen yearsago (tho revival in Scotland at that time was quite equal to the present one), and I remember the common observation was, "It- was just like Geordie." I am, Ac. THOS. STEVENSON. Dudley-street, West Melbourne. 