THE TOWEK OF LONDON. In his role as a public lecturer the career of the iter. Chas. Clark in this colony has, we believe, been marked by an amount of success quite unprecedented.- His elegant recital oE the life and works of " Charles Dickens," following rapidly on the sudden disappearance from the stage of the labors of the gifted author, introduced him to a Geelong audience as a polished BCholar and a thorough elocutionist. " Oliver Gold smith" formed if possible a still more delightful theme for the lecturer, and comparatively sparse though it was, a more enraptured audience than that which a few weeks ago listened to his description of the ups and downs in the life of the " poor poet," h&B; probably never assembled within the walls of .the Mechanics' Institute. Following this last and brilliant effort, in rapid succession came " The Tower of London," delivered in the Mechanics' Hall for the first time .to a public audience on Tuesday evening. A treat was expected, and the hall was crowded. The Mayor occupied the chair, and in a few remarks in which he referred to his own reminiscences of the tower, introduced the lecturer. A map, a plan illustrating the tower with its surround, inge, was displayed, and to this the lectnrer frequently referred in his descriptive re« marks. In introducing his snbject, Mr ClaTk referred to the monuments of hiBt-ory as among the moat precious possessions of the human family, and remarked that there was no nation worthy the name which had not a feeling of reverence for the sepulchres of its fathers. These monuments were the mute recorders of important events and associations in the history of nations grow* iug to greatness or dwindling to decay. After |eloquently alluding to the Druidi cal monuments of Stonehenge, he pro ceeded to describe the piles of mediaval masonry and magnificent cathedrals, of which the old cities of Europe- boasted, as . excelling modern architecture, in Gothic grandeur, purity of conception, unity of purpose, and sublimity of design. The Tower of London, or Her Majesty's Tower, was situated half a mile below London - Bridge—a mass of wallB, ramparts, and gates. The history of its origin was ob= Bcure. Eminent writer^ and poets, and the Saxon chronicles, described its original con struction to JuLus Casar, and remnants of an old Roman wall could be traced along the edge of the Moat. The present build ing, as it stands, was commenced by William the Conqueror, and it long formed the re sidence of Norman Princes.^ The centre was occupied by the King a palace, the Mint, and the Treasury. Around it were various dungeons and prisons Cold Harbor, the chapel known as St. Peter's in chains, and the King's private block, where the monarch could chop off the heads of friends or foes at pleasure. The towers surrounding the inner ward with their significant names were described, and next the gates. A deputation of the citi zens having urged their right to have free accesb to the outer ward, this privilege was conceded, but it was decided that certain proprieties with, regard to dress should be observed and specially enacted that Mayors, readies, and public officers should not ippear in greatcoats, that their hair ihould be decently cut and their faces lewly washed and shaved when they appeared in the King'B presence. Henry ill, to the great annoyance of the citi zens, proceeded to build the water-gate, rat after it bad been partly constructed, *> the inexpressible delight ot every one but himself it-came down bodily. Undismayed, he commenced to rebuild it, but according: to tradition on tbe same night of -the following year it again, tumbled into the river. A pious Priest of St. Oban's averred that he knew the cause, for he saw the' ghost of the Arch-, bishop of Canterbury shaking a crucifix at the stmcture as it fell disappearing in the river, leaving a wreath of smoke behind. That baptised heathen—Henry— cared nothing, however, for St. Thomas or his ghost, went to work again and rebuilt the structure so securely that, although more than six centuries have elapsed, it is as- firm as ever. From these ramparts mail-clad knights, spurring their mettled steeds, went to victory or death; beneath this gate kings came forward to receive the sacred oil which ratified their high commission; through this postern foresters, falconers and ladies gay promenaded to join in the chase at Epping Forest; in these fear ful dungeons were heard the articulate groanlugs of prisoners, and hearts elated and hopeful, capacious intellects, noble lives, buoyant and young, were crushed into imbecility, or put to death by torture or neglect. But the engineer was " hoist by liis own petard," and Ralph, Bishop of Dur ham, snrnamed the lion, because he was always seeking whom he might devour—the man who had been most energetic in the construction of this new addition—was the ' first to be immured in his own dungeon. He was the treasnrer of the kingdom, and the king discovering his fingers to be adhesive, shut him up. He was allowed comfortable quarters, had 2s per day, and conld send to the nearest " pubfor what winehereqnired. Thelect urer described him subsequently, the bishop growing tired of his confinement, contrived to effect his escape by stupifying his guards with drink, and, with a crczier in his hand, launching himself from a height of 65 feet to the ground by means of a rope through a win dow. Briefly he related the sad history of MaudJFitzwalter, reputed to be the pret tiest woman of her day, whom King John falling in love with, "and finding his over tures resented, caused her to be seized by force, Immured in the top chamber, and finally poisoned. Half a century later this chamber received as guests John Baliol, •who surrendered to Edward—the Crown Prince of Scotland—a host of chiefs and the Scottish regalia. "Within its walls David Bruce was held for a ransom. Griffiu, Prince of "Wales, betrayed by hi3 own brother, was also a prisoner of the banquet room. He resolved to escape after the manner of the Bishop, bnt having no rope tore his blankets into shreds and plaited them, and being rather too fat to get through the small window, dropped bim Bdlf from a parapet 90 feet in height. "Un fortunately for his exploit when half way down the rope slipped, and falling on his head, which "caved in," he died on the spot. The lecturer next related the stoiy of Charles of Orleans, who fell with the flower of French chivalry into the hands of Henry of Monmouth at Agincourt, and on whose head a ransom of 30,000 crowns being fixed, be remained a prisoner for 25 years in the White Tower till grief made him a poet. Shakspeare filled the Tower with memories of Richard III., Duke of Gloucester, sumamed Crookback, and brought out vividly the murder by that monarch of Edward Y. and the Duke of York, aged 12 and 8; in Clarence's dream, which the lecturer feelingly recited. The facts of the murder were confirmed by some masons discovering the skeletons of the children dnring the reign of Charles H., and the bones now lie with the dust of kings in Westminster. When the wars of the P/itoQ anrlprf flBi? TTpnrr VITT +T-»r> reigns of power, some startling events occurred within the Tower. Dr. John Eisher, Bishop of Gloucester, incurred the Bong's displeasure through smiling on the Maid of Kent, who had inveighed bitterly against the King's divorce of Catherine of Axragon, and predicted his sudden death if lie married Anne Boleyn, as he contem plated. The incensed "King swept bishop, priest, and prophet into the Tower; the former was beheaded and died like a brave 'man, and the latter was hanged at Tyburn. Sir Thomas Moore followed, a man of rare genius and perfect cnlture,and an illustrious lawyer. He was found guilty of treason, in having tried to deprive the King of his title as head of the church, and condemned to the block. The scene was glaringly depicted when the old man, passing the traitor's gate,- encountered his grand son, and was embraced by his weeping daughter, and laying his head on the block, signed for an instant's delay [while be drew aside his ample beard, exclaiming, " Pity it should be cut, for it has not com mitted treason." The King's marriage with Anne of Boleyn, excelling the glories of the world-famed wedding of the Adriatic, was next forcibly depicted, and contrasted with the scene in three short years, when the Queen waa again brought by water to the traitor's gate to have her head dismem bered by the sword of a specially hired executioner from Erance. She had been found guilty of infidelity to her marriage vow, and though she did not deny it, and her offence might be assumed, he (the lec turer) considered the fact did not palliate rn the least the crime of the brntal villain who befouled for ever his escutcheon with his own wife's blood. The sad story of Bady Jane Grey, because of the purity and loveableness of her character, and the bloody death that closed her sweet and spotless life, wonld always possess a deep and permanent interest. She was the chief victim of the Duke of Northum berland, a treacherous and atrocious scoun drel. The lecturer eloquently referred to her death, how she gazed on the cart that contained the bleeding body of her hnsband, and " looked her last farewell," then clothed in simple black and wearing her bridal head-dress, she addressed the people assem bled, and guiding her head to the block passed with a prayer on her lips into eter nity. The next victim of the Tower waB Sir Walter Baleigb, the splendid Bailor, who introduced tobacco into England, bnt who from being the pride of Qneen Elizabeth's Donrt became the prisoner of her suc cessor, mid by form of law was in-, famously' murdered by James I. This monarch was described as a stammerer, * glutton, a drunkard, and an arch coward. Beference was next made to the gunpowder plot, the robbery of the king's jewels, and the king's strange con duct in • subsequently rewarding the chief robber. The fates of Elliott, Busseli, and Sydney were next ailnded to; the execu tions that followed the accession of George L, when a number of distinguished Scottish noblemen were sacrificed by the foreign potentate; and the lecturer concluded by brilliantly summing up the excellences and sterling attributes of character developed \- in "the feudal ages as compared with the less - ennobling tendency of a commercial era, in which instances of true heroism and chivalry-are rarely known, and still more rarely appreciated. 