TALES m SKETCHES. THJi (.HOST OF THK "NUT." AN ORIGINAL TALE, BV "J.H.R." CHAPTEE IIL •(Concluded.) " This Is awfu'," said Sandy. "Quick, Sandy!" hurriedly ex claimed Mr Decree. »Turn your dark lantern on, I or the ghost touched me." Sandy did so. "There it is," said Mr Decree; quick, Saudy, quick; Jet us follow." And suro enough there was tbe figure clad in white running T>ver the stones, without making the slightest uoise, towards the huryiug-ground. Into the huryiug-ground it went, and as then it disappeared from view. Quick," shouted Mr Decree to Mr Fraser and Tim. who were hurrying towards them; "quick. WQ have him at bay, lie's in tho graveyard." " An' sure, didn't I see him to that self-same place," said Tim, shaking." " And' sure, you wouldn't be after lollering the ghost there, Mr Decree?' tremulously enquired Tim. " What, give it up uow, when on the very verge of discovery ?" indignantly asked Mr Decree. *' Let tbe poor thing be. It's gone to its bed," said Tim. "Stuff; you're a coward, Tim. Let each take a fence. I'll take the south, Tim .the north, Mr Fraser the east, aud Sandy tbe west. When I whistle, all jump over together; thei close in. Jic cannot cscape unseen Tim, give me your bull's-eye." They were soon iu their positions. Mr Decree gave the "pro- concsjrtcd signal, and they all leaped the fence, and commenced closing in. They could not see anything, "It's very strange where lie could have got,'' muttered Mr Decree. At that moment there was a v<:ry s.'igJit movement amongst sonic tall flowers inside the fencing of u raihjrlargegtare. Mr Decree sharply turued his lamp lull upun the spot, leaped the fence, and cried, "I h ive him!" This was followed by an agonizing cry. " Quick, quick ; he hns stabbed tue in the arm," cried Mr Dicier. Mr Fi-user uud Sandy jumped in, and seized the figure in white. It had u mask on which smelt strouglv ol phosphorus. They tore the mask off, and there stood revealed Leary the baker. Over his boots he had thick woollen stockings, which accouuted for- his not making any uoise when running over the stones. He was a veutriloquist, hcnce the yells, and he used a detonating powdor to make the report. Tim now came in, they handcuffed the baker, and Mr liraaer tied a handkerchief round Mr Decree's arm to stop the hemorrhage. " Take this rasGal to tlie lock-up, and tell your superior oiliccr to come down with you to -where we saw the light among the rocks," said Mr Decree. The constables left with their prisoner. «' We'll go down, M r Fraser." They soon reached the place, and there they found two casks ol brandy, one bale of tobacco, and a parcel ol soil goods. Smugglers," said Mr Decree-; *' I thought as much." "How did they get here?" enquired Mr Fraser. "That's easily explained," replied Sir Decree. " The last flash ol lightning revealed to me a boat standing ml from the rocks; the men were pulliug, but the oars made no noise. I saw a dog emmming from (he boat to tbe shore, dragging something after it. Here it is, a very small punt, arranged with a leather tor the dog to put its head through ; in tbe puat was a cask." " I wonder for how long have they carried this on T " said Mr Fraser. " For just as long as tbe Nut has been haunted by the ghost." I'he constables now joiued them. " What puzzles me," said tbe C. D. Constable, "is what in the world he. could do with his. tobacco and' spirilts," ' " Sell it," drily replied Mr Decree. Cut where, or to whom?" asked the C. O. C. " Ob, thec-e fellows soon .get customers. Doesn't he send parcels or cases by the steamboat?" asked Mr •Decree iV^-j-. \ : 1 /—•- *• Ever"~ trip," replied Mr "Fraser: " ' " Wei], if jou'II take my advice, 11 r Frasei, you'll get a search warrant from the. Stipendiary Magistrate at once. Then go down to tbe Pioneer, and search.. ibe^ca^es.,he , has , on board," said JMr Decree. ; ^v , . This advice was immediately acted upon. It was now twelve:o*clock, and the steamboat vvi-s io start at two. They i.Uioi the Captain am! tuld htm their lmsiiieMs ; hi- called up the mste and (lien, who lip 11 bring di.-turbed, mut r i.*'cnr.-,es .it loud, hut deep/ Box after Inn was pulled up ; those 'sent by the Leareys were o iciied,^niitblng hut solt goods ami bre d, twelve puuu 1 pan lodvos, could he lound; 110 sijit of .spirits or tn b.icco. - The tailors were in no enviablc Jriood, halving been disturbed upon, as tbey said, a fool's errand. Mr Depre'e jelt a littlechagrined. Mr Fraser rejoiced, as it proved that the revenue had not been defrauded by sending tie goods up tbe coast. The sailors were replacing the goods, but in a very rough manner. 11 was the last box of bread, and they were glad. " Here's what the cobbler threw at his -wife," said one of the sailors as he threw the last loal for his companion to catch to place in the box. He, however, missed it, and it fell on the deck.7 "Bread is falling," he remarked. H« stooped to pick it up, and Ihe top came offia his hand. He then picked up the remaining part, and suddenly exclaimed, "Halloa, what tbe deuce hive we here ?" All rushed to see what it was, and well may they look astonished, lor there in tlie middle ol the loaf were two bottles of brandy. "Ah!" said Mr Decree, "what ingenious rascals.'' Loaf after loal was broken, and iu the centre of every one was either two lottles of brandy or some tobacco wrapped in oil paper. The whole of the cases were put on the wharf. The constables got a warrant for the apprehension of the brother, who was soon in custody. Tney were tried, and heavily fined. The one who stabbed Mr Decree was commit ltd and sent to Lauuceston, when he n-as found guilty, aud received several years' imprisonment. Mr Fraser and AJr Decree returned to the party. The latter became the lion ol Stanley, I or having discovered the Ktnuggliug, and having exorcised TUB GJJOST OF THIS N U T ! " Stanley, Circular Head, 3rd Dec., 1874. 