EVANGELICAL ALLIANCS. The annual -meeting of the above Society was "•held in Pine-street Lecture Ball on Monday evening, May ! 11; bvft owing to the uncertainty of the weather the attendance was not so large as on previous occasions. The'retiring President, the . Rev. W. P, Wells (Wesleyan), occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform the Rsvs. -James Henderson and P. Maclaren <Presbyterians )j - J. Jefieris, J. McEwin, and G. B. Symee -(Congregation ilists), and J. Bickford' (Wesleyan). The GHAIRMAJJ said—Among the many sob. jecte which have occurred to me as the theme of the brief address I have to- night to deliver, I have selected this—The great 'want of the Churtb, and how to get it supplied? The Church bis many wants. For example, she wants greater spirituality of mind, for there is in her -a Bad degree of worldiiness. She wants greater unity, for we are a long way yet from thetrue unity of Christendom, via., that union • for which the Master prayed when He askod that they all may be one. Further, she wants \- greater zeal, for there is far too much of Laodicean ease. And yet, again, she wants • greater enthusiasm for Christ. Wo have been taught to wish for more of the enthusiasm of humanity, which would indeed be good; but I am persuaded that greater enthusiasm for Christ—the personal, living, .sympathizing, interceding, reigning, saving Jesus Christ— would be even'better.. If I were asked what was the great distinguishing feature of the early Christians-^that ". which constrained them to duty, impelled them in enterprise, sustained them in persecution, and led them to victoiy—I should say it was their burning love for Jesus; and more of this burning: love for Jesus is another of the wants of the Church in our times. But it is to none of these I refer when I speak of " the great want of the Church in this age." What I do mean is this—a larger measure of the Spirit'6 influence, a Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is the want of the ministry; this is the want of the eldership; this is the want of the members; this is all good things in one; as is intimated by comparing our Lord's words as given by Matthew with similar words as given by Luke. In Matthew it is— " If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask Him." But when we turn to Luke it is—"How much more shall your Heavenly' Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." Let the Church have this gift of the Spirit—this baptism of the Hcly Ghost—in richer measure, and she will soon reach a higher standard, and wield a mightier power, and win richer success. But how is this want to be -supplied? We have only to look at the Church of Jerusalem on the Day. of Pentecost to learn that it must be as the result of earnest, united,'and persevering prayer. Their prayer was earnest. They continued in prayer and supplication. But fervour in prayer for this blessing can never exist with-, out a deep and almost overwhelming conviction of the importance, the value, and the necessity of the Spirit's influence. Would we be eonvinced of this, let 11s look at the Apostles as -they waited for its descent. See them. They have everything they require for their work but this one thing. They are an enemy surrounding the . citadel they seek to demolish. They have -their swords in their hands, and their banners are waving on high. They have their •cannon, their balls, their powder, and everything is in orders—everything ready. What wait they for ? The fire. One almost wonders that some .of them could wait so long. One wonders that Peter especially did not commit himself. Bat the command of the Lord was so plain they dare not move. And the result justified their patience. The lire at length came, and glorious were the results. Aud, brethren, the world has not changed, Christi- •anity has not changed, the Divine administration has not changed. If we would see similar results they must be accomplished by the same means. Hence our great want is the Holy Ghost. Never in the history of the world were there so many enrolled in the Christian army. Never was there more of what men would regard as likely to produce magnificent results; and yet how Utile, comparatively speaking, is effected, and what is our want? Not the patronage y the' subsidies of Governments that some of us think we can do better without; not beautiful temples; not greater talent and learning in the ministry of the Church; not greater 'wealth and influence In the laity of the Church. These may be very pood in their place, but they are not our great want; they are only the ammunition, we want the fire—the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven. Fix this conviction as with electric power in each of our bosoms; burn into us the thought—that without this everything else is useless; and, oh what ardour, what fervour, what wrestling will there be in our prayers for the promised gift. But their prayers were united as well as earnest. They continued with one accord. And if the Church would prevail in her prayers she must be united now. And then their prayers were persevering. They continued in prayer till the blessing came. One great cause of feebleness in prayer is want of faith. We want to fix it in our minds that all we ask is really promised and available. Let us be assured that Pentecost was not a gala day in the Caureh to be regarded as .honoured with achievements never to be seen again. No, it was as to its spiritual characteristics a specimen day; and if the Church had maintained her fidelity, her chronicles would have been filledwith such days. Even now, here and there and now and then, such a day is seen to show what we may expect, and what we are authorised to ask, and, hotwithstanding all our shortcomings, there is much in our times to encourage us to expeo 1 - greater things than our eyes yet have seen. Many are the indications of the Spirit's readiness to come at the call of the Church. Amongst the jews such a spirit «f enquiry prevails in some places as was never known before. Heathenism is beginning to .totter to its fall, and is asking for light. Mohammedanism is waning and narrowing our view to pur own congregations in this land. There are scores within them Who require nothing but a Pentecostal revival to bring them to Christ and to His fold. 0, for Christian fidelity, in earnest, united, and persevering prayer. Then shall the Spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness shall become a fruitful field, and the fruitful fieldbe counted for a forest: "then shall the feeblest amongst us , be as David, the glory of the Lord shall rise upon Israel, her righteousness shall go forth as brightness; and bet salvation as a lamp that burnetii. The Lord ft in his time, (Applause.) The SECBETABT (Bev. J. McEwin) then RE"«D the following report:—In presenting their annual report* the Committee of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance have to express their thankfulness that the past year has presented so few features that have called for the special work of the Alliance. For the objeojk of this Association it not to plant churches, nor to carry on missions, Bpr to engage in aggressive work of any kind. Its object is defensive rather than offensive—to foster union and brotherly love amongst the soldiers of the Cross, and to Stand as a guardian of the walls of Zion, to repair the breaches where they are broken down, and guard against the encroachments of the foe. While love abounds, while the walls are secure, while the foe is inactive, there is little work for the Alliance. And this has to some extent been the case during the past year. A goed deal of quiet work, however, has been done. The annual meeting for 1873 was,held in the Stow Schoolroom on Monday evening, ,12 th May. There was a good attendance. Tie Bev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., the President, occupied the chair, and gave a short review of the past year, and after the reports for the year had been read and adopted introduced to the meeting the President elect, Bev. W. P. Wells, who then took the chair, and delivered an interesting address on the duty of .Christians to love one another. Bev. F. W. Cox gave an address on the Financial Law of Christ's kingdom. Rev. J. Bickford and Bev. C. B. Symes also took p&rt; in the meeting. On the following Wednesday, 14th May, an united Communion Service was held in St. Andrew's Church, which was crowded with communicants, representing many denominations. The President of the Allianee (Rev. W. P. Wells} presided, and delivered an address on the design ef the Lord's Supper, and the occasion was felt,by many to be more , than usually solemn and refreshing. Early in the year the Rev. T. Jasper Sjeytb, Corresponding Secretary, having re- "sigrred in<ftorsequence t>1 "being suddenly called to England, the Rev. John MdBfrin, of Hindmarsh, was elected to supply the vacancy. The ministers' monthly prayer meeting lias been regularly held, but witha small and fluctuating attendance, varying from twe to eight or ten. It is felt that if this -meeting is to justify its existence—if it is to " be -successful and profitable—it must reoeive 'heartier and mare regular support from our ministerial brethren. One only of the ordinary quarterly prayer meetings has been held—in Chalmers Church on November 19. There was a fair attendance, and the Rev. F. W. Cox delivered an appropriate address. It was deemed advisable by your -Committee to incorporate the prayer meeting, which should have been held in August, with a week of special-meetings arranged for at that time in connection with the Alliance. The object of these meetings was to plead for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon the Churches. They were held in the various places of worship in the city -during the week commencing August 18. Short sermons were preached by the Rev6. J. Henderson, F. W. Cex, 'J. Lyall, J. Bickford, O. Lake, and C. B. Symes.. The services weie well attended, and your Committee pray that the seed thus cast upon the waters may be found after many days. The third prayer, meeting took the form of a thanksgiving service,, which - was held in Flindersstreet Presbyterian .Church on 18th.February. Your Committee also invited the various Evangelical Churches throughout the colony to unite in observing Sunday, 15th February, as a day of thanksgiving for the bountiful harvest, which was -very generally done. In July last the attention of your Committee was directed by Mr. John Colton to the abounding open immorality in various parts of the city, -After discussion it was resolved that a deputation from the Alliance wait on the Chief Secretary on 29th August for the purpose of representing the matter, and seeking his aid to -suppress it. The deputation, consisting of your Committee, together with several gentlemen who could speak from personal knowledge of the . evil complained of, was courteously received by the Chief Secretary, who promised to move the police to the discharge of their duty. Tour Committee have reason to believe that their action in this instance has not been without good results. With this brief account of their \- stewardship, and praying that the interest felt .in this Alliance and its objects may be deepened and widened, your Committee now replace their trust in your hands. -Mr. G. W. COTTON, the Treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed that the receipts had been £18 Os. lOd., and the expenditure £15 8s., but as the year began with a debit balance of £9 15s. 7<L, the Society now owed to its Treasurer £7 2s. 9d. On the motion of the Rev. J. .BICKFORD, seconded by Mr. J. A. CHARTTEB, the report and balance- sheet were adopted. The Rev. W. P. WELLS, in retiring from the Presidency and introducing the Rev. James Henderson as President for the ensuing year, said he felt much pleasure in knowing that the Society's choice had fallen upon Mr. Henderson, as be waseminently fitted for the position. He then vacated the chair in favour of his successor. The Rev. JAMES HENDERSON, the President elect, said he could have wished that the choice had fallen- upon one who could have better spared the time and attention so nece3- Bary to the proper discharge- of the important duties attached to the office, but he would do his utmost to.prove -that the charge had not been placed in unwilling hands. The past year had not been -specially marked, but as time rolled on the necessity for the Evangelical Alliance was proved. The various members connected with it were much encouraged and strengthened for their work after their meetings for prayer and discussion, and the Society should be supported by the community for the general good it did. The Rev. C. B. STMES delivered- an address upon "Sabbath Observance,'* urging that the Almighty had intended from the beginning that a seventh day should be set apart as one of rest.. He knew Bis creatures needed a day - of rest, when they could be especially susceptible of spiritual influences and their higher nature* might be cultivated. " The Sabbath was made for man, not man for_ the Sabbath," was the great principle, and he looked upon the' day as one consecrated for man's highest nature—a day on which he could devote himself to the purest and best interests of his mind. During the week care was apt to set heavily on men's hearts, and Sunday came therefore to give rest to the weary. To those who taxed their bodily powers as well as to those who endured much mental strain the day of rest was most acceptable when it gave purer employment and higher thoughts. The idea of rest from toil was one of the most prominent in connection with the Sabbath, but it was not the only idea. It was a day when man, uninfluenced by the worldly anxieties of the week, could hold special converse with his Creator, and unite with his family in doing honour to Him who had made life so pleasant ana the earth so beautiful. The Sabbath had been compared by one writer to " the best room in the house"—the room where all the choicest household treasures were preserved. As one would keep out of the best room in the house anything that would tend to defile it, so Should one be solicitous to keep out of the sweet Sabbath all that might mar its purity and the innocent pleasures attached to its observance. , Children should be taught to look upon the Lord's Day as one of unalloyed pleasure and sweet family intercourse. It should be made a source of pure joy, and not a day of mere abstinence from week-day employments. He was- much pleased with the kind of literature now generally placed before children on the_Sabbath. It was such as would interest their minds and make them look forward with pleasure to the occasion for reading such writings. Where works of fictionwere used te convey Christian truths, it was, he thought, as right to use them on the Lord's day as it waa to use the Lord's parables. Then the recreations of the Sabbath should not be such as were confined to one class. It must be borne in mind that there were many persons whose employment prevented their being able or a week-day to breathe the fresh air of, the fields and see God's glorious handiwork. , He rejoiced to think that man was not a mere money-making machine, and that the curtailment of the hoars of labour enabled most men to indulge in harmless - outdoor recreations on all days of the week. Nature, the enjoyment of fresh air, and the opportunity of seeing and expatiating upon the divine wisdom of Him who painted the beautiful many-tinted flower, and peopled earth and air wiih forms of beauty and interest, would greatly help toward the cultivation of the higher nature ft the principles of Sabbath observance were pro^rly honoured. He did not think th ittravelling on the Lord's Day should be altogether condemned, as there were certain classes 'of the community debarred from that exercise on week days so necessary to their well being, and many we're of necessity compelled to travel on Sundays. But he objected to an indiscriminate use of the privilege. The Glenelg Railway was laj-icg itself out for excursions on the • Lord's Day. There should be some convenience for people on that day to travel if. they required it, but where trains were running every hour on the Sabbath Day very gr.ive apprehensions were excited in his mind as to the harm which must result from such a course. (Hear, hear.) He knew it was very bard to set a restraint "upon the people, but if the principles of Sabbath observance were practised there would be more real enjoyment, and much good would result. He advocated friendly interchange of thought on Sunday, but he would not wish to see that day made one for regular visiting. When friends came from a distance it was a duty to welcome them, and join with them in the exercises of the day; but those excercises should not be set aside and neglected for the sake of general visiting. The Lord's Day should be a day of rejoicing, and a season for cultivating the better principles of our nature, and he hoped to see all men so observe it. The Rev. P. MACLAREN _ gave an address upon the recent revival in Edinburgh, expatiating upon the remarkable evidences of Almighty power therein displayed; and he said some of the most wretched, apathetic, and sceptical members of the community were so influenced that they forsook their former courses and joined in proclaiming the power of the GospeL So extensive did the movement become that the large churcheB of Edinburgh, holding many hundreds, were overcrowded, and immense public buildings, such as the Cern Exchange -were flTleJ to overflowing ly earn apt listeners; He alhfied to individual cases where the earnestness and -seal -«f converts resulted in many other persens being induced to £sien to the truths which had proved their salvation. Those things he felt testified that the Almighty was answering prayer, and he longed to see the work progressing in this country. He gave a short -sketch of the prominent part taken in the revivals by Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and the extent of its operations in America and elsewhere. The following appointments were made for the ensuine -year:—President, Rev. James Henderson; Secretary, Rev. JohnMcEwin; Treasurer, Mr. G. W. Cotton; Committee, Revs. J. Bickford, W. L: Binks, F. W. Cox, J. Davidson, J. Goodwin, James Jefferis, 0. Lake, Thomas Lloyd, S. Mead, P. Maclaren, J. L. Parsons, G. W. Patchell, C. B. Sjmes, and W. P. Wells, and Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. Colton, J. Darling, A. Gore, J. D. Hill, G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, J. Smith, W. Rhodes, James Steele, James Scott, S. Whitmore, and E. 8. Wigg, with power to add to their number. The meeting closed with the doxology. 