ODDS AND ENDS. i I AxEAP.for life— That into wedlock, j Blacking manufactures— Scandal-mongers. I A Royal Exchange— Change for a sovereign, ' ' One of tho Crown Jeweb— The Emerald Isle. I' Erratum— In . future,' for' "Cock-and-bull I story," read "Man-and-dog story," I The Brussels Conference,— (Between hue- I band and wifoV.—" Shall wo have a new car- net?" I Registration,— Registrar— " The child of I courso wa3 born in wedlock?" Parent—" Doose a bit, sur ! he was bom in Brumptun." A man went into the post- office at' Spring field, Ohio, and asked, "Is there a letter here for Mike How?" " No," angrily replied the I clerk, " there isn't a letter here for anybody'! I Cow. I Unk indc— Nautical Swell—" Don't care foi ' .1 military reviews — eh ? Aw ! Horrid, sound— I I cannons. Pierce your ears so, ch ! Aw— — ' ( 1 Non-appreciative Lady— " Better be piercedjthar I bored, though, don't you think?1' . 1 '"A distinction without a difference," wa! I ' what a Kentucky fanner thought when men 0; bight meh called Him out of bed the other night and compelled him togive them several sides of -bacon, saying they mUBt have food. bnt couldn't steal. Taking after Pa. — Charlie — "Ma'gi'me two to one )" Mamma— "Eh ? What ? What are you talking about Charlie?" Charlie— ' Why, : it's tbeLeser between these two caterpillars' and I've backeu the big'ura and tho little one's winning and I want to hedge I" Not to be mIde a Fool of.— (Artist ip Highlands, painting a drove of cattle)— Farmer — " Noo, if it's a fair question, hoo much wall ye get for thao kyo when yo've feenished them ?" Artist—" 0, perhaps sixty guineas, or, so," Farmer—" Wha-a-t 1 Dinna tell me, man al not get that for them leevin'." Division of Labor,— Young Lady— "It must be six miles from hero to Muddletown, is it not Mrs Stebbins?" Mrs. Stebbins— " Yes Miss; it bo just that !" Young Lady — " It wpuld he too far for us to walk ?" ' Mrs. Stobbins— " Qh, no ! yew'ddo it right enough, young ladies ; it only makos three moile a piece, doau t it !" The Retort Courteous.— On Saturday morn ing a ragged urchin was seated oh the postoffice steps going through a watermelon, when a man halted and asked, "This is a great town for hogs, isn't it, bub "Wall, no," drawled the lad, , as he filled his mouth agam, and kept his eys ou the man, "you'll be awful lonesome here l'r Detroit Press. % ' Rather Suspicious.— First passonger— " Hod pretty good sport?" Second passenger— "or- very poor. Birds wild — rain in torrents— dqgs no use. Only got fifty brace First passenger — Make birds dcai won't it ?" Second passenger (off his guard)— "It ou're right. I assure ypn I paid three-and-sixpenco a brace all round : at Norwich this morning !" "By the Sad Sea Waves." — Landlady (who has just presonted her wcokly bill)—1 "l ogo, ma'am, as you find tho bracing hair agree wxth a, ma'am, and your good gentleman ma'an?", y— "0, yes,- our appetites are wonderfully improved I For instance, at home wo only eat two loaves a day, and I find, from your account, that we can manage eight 1" . (Landlady, feels uncomfortable.) A Pious Fraud by "Father Ignatius. "—On Sunday, Father Ignatius (Rev. J. S. Lyno) E reached two sermons at St Philip's Church, ivcrpool. That in tho evening was certainly the most attractive, and wa3 set down by the profano as a pious fraud, whereby the church was crowded to overflowing. Tho rev. father -was announced to preach on "The coming of the Prince to Liverpool ;" tho inference being that .the subjoct of his discourse would have reference to the visit of tho Duke of Edinburgh. Tho Prince referred to as coming was, howover, not MwnAA r\€ IBftvl/l O Till f.lin YlTAAAlsnv nAfnrl in piAUWO VI VUU J »uv VMW|<AVUVUV4 AM extenuation of tho ruse, that it was astonishing how many would attend a discourse upon worldly theme, but how) restless and ill at.easo' they were when listening to a spiritual subject. A Bird Ghost-stout.— TheLontlon thenteum , noticing a book on birds, says : — " Birds havo a great fear of death. A hen canary belonging to the author died whilst nesting, and was buried. Tho surviving mate was removed to ' another cage ; the breeding-cage itself was thoroughly purified, cleansed, and put aside till: tho follow ing spring. Never aftewvards, however, could any bird endure to be in that cage. The;liitla croatures f ought and struggled to get out, and'i£ obliged to remain they huddled eloS together, and moped, and , wore thoroughly unhappy, .re fusing to be comforted by any amount of 'suh- shino or dainty food. Tho oxporiinbnt' -was' tried of introducing foreign birds, who were not even in the house when the canary died, nor! coiiltjl, by any possibility, havo heard of her ffom other canaries. The 'result was tho same; no bird would live in that cage. Tho cage was haunted, and the author was obliged to desiat from all further attempts to coax or force a bird to stay- in it. . Co-orERATivB Punning. — The- American news papers print the 'following: — Why should thp jean keep ahead of nil other vegetables?- Bccauseit hah the pole. — Lowell 'Courier.' The bean has the pole, but in tho vegetable race the cabbage is sure to eomo out ahead— Adver tiser. Hold ! Don't you know that the eorrdt was never beet ? — Herald. It might have been beat if1 it had not been pulled' up suddenly. But, as the whole thing is likely to be run into tho ground, we shall wait for something else to turnip. — Boston Advertise)'. If, this kind of thing goes on much longer, the whole vegetable kingdom will, .exclaim, "Lettuce alone.'"— New , Bedford Standard. Wo should like to know what celery those, fellows got for writing such pea- dantic puns. — Jf. Y. Com. . Advertiser. We don't see why it should concern you:— American Grocer. ' Those vegetable puns have become so numerous suae one cannot maxe an oat or incm without a rye faco— it goes so against the grain. — Boston Com. Bulletin, A Small Line of Samples.— A member of tho Saginaw. Country bar, says a Detroit papor, was recently in one .of. our thriving interior towns on Erofessional business. In tho office of the hotel e was accosted by a very agreeable gentleman, evidently of thegeniis drummer, who wanted to know " where ho was from." Tho legal gentle man, not exactly relishing the stranger's fami liarity, answed shortly, "From Detroit.'? Tho next question was, " For .what bouse are yen travelling?" "Formyown." " You me ! May I ask your; name ? " " You may.": . Pause— en joyable to ihe lawyer, embarrassing to tho other. Well . (desperately), what is your name." " Jones. "What lino are, you in ? " 'f I don't understand you, sir,? " "What are you Celling?" (impatiently.) " Brains," (coolly).; 'i'Jie'drummeu saw his opportunity, and looking at the other from head to foot, he said, slowly : " Wril, you appear to carry a d d small line "of samples, Blackstone sayshe owes the drummer one. , An American. Humorist's Warlike Ex- perience. — Max Adeler, a noted American humorist, says : — It is generally not worth while for a man to notice reports about himself : but when I saw in a Pittsburg paper the other, day a statement to the effect that I had been a sutler in the army during the war, I felt as if I ought to refute the calumny. When my country, in the hour of peril, called her sons to £rms, the long roll of the drums had not ceased before. I respon ded. With a heart filled with devotion for my native land, with a soul fired by anardent desire to do something for ber salvation, I determined that I, at least, would not be recreant to my' tluty or forgetful of the valor which I inherited from a warlike and courageous ancestry. Buckling oil my belt, I took leave of familyand friendq and of all that made life valuable to me; and seizing a musket, I marched with glad, exultant tread and flashing eye to the recruiting station. There 1 procured a substitute, to whom I gave that ' weapon and my blessing, and charged him if he fell, to die as I would have died, and to saturate with gsre that cheque of mine for 200 dollars, so - ; that it would not bo accepted at the bank. Then : I went home again. No ; I never was in the army. I went out with the Pennsylvania Militia, but; . somehow we never got' much into what might be called the thickest of the fray. I don't know how \- it was but there was a diffidence, a certain kind r: of hashfolnesa, about those militiamen, which ; induced them to refrain fxomattacking the enemy ! with tiger like ferocity. No man can accuse us 1 of cruelty ; we were as mild as oity milk, except . ing when, wo dropped our muskets upon each s other's toes, .or, were hit by. those of our o.wq r companions who were aiming at a target. 