THE DEAN OF CARLISLE ON CONFES SION AND PRIESTLY ABSOLUTION The De.an of Carlisle has been delivering in the cathedral a course of three sermons upon Confession and Priestly Absolution. A reirort of the second of them <appeais in a recent Carlisle pajier, of which the foRowing are extracts. There was a very numerous congieg.ation,— the aisles were crowded, and extra fonns had to be brought into the choir in order to find sitting acconimociation lor tne nuniDcr or people Ijresent. The Dean took (his text from Deut. xxxii. 7, — "Remember the days of old, the year-s of m.any generations ; ask thy father, and he will show thee ; thy elders, and they wiU teU thee." In my last discourse, said the Very Rev., Gentleman, it was my ende.avour to jirove to yoxi, beloved brethren, that on the whole sur face of the page of God's holy Word, there is not aj shade of a shadow of evidence of the existence of any authority in the Church or iu the priesthood, to absolve men from their sins.. . . But while we will not yield one jot or tittle of those gre.at Protestant principles which are indeed the sum and substance of all our intellec- tu.al' and spiritual liberties, we. are free to des cend with them, if they will, to human evidence. 'Pliis is, indeed, tiie more important, because, so far , as I understand it, failing the Word of God those who hold the power of absolution .depenil upon anticpiity, the testimony of the Cnurch, and the authority of their ordination for c.arrying out this solemn ordinance. That being the case, (io antiquity we will go, and the more cheerfully, because we feel assured that the verdict of antiquity will be the verdict of the Word of God, and that we shall be able to show, through God's help, that there is no more shadow of a shade of authority for .anvicu- lai confession and absolution by a priest in the antiquity of the Church th.an there is in the Bible itself. I shall ask you to follow me through two of the most ancient xjrimitive liturgies' known in the Church ; I sh.all then refer to the evidence of Rome .and the Western Churches ; and thirdly to the Greek .and Eastern Churches ; and lastly to our own British Anglo-Saxon Church. Of course I can only give yon some samples of each, but I pledge my word th.at if you search through the voluminous pages of these liturgies and forms of .absolution for twelve hundred years I defy you to find the words " Eyo te absolno." Pro ceeding to ex.amfne the evidence which he h.ad before him upon this subject the De.an said the most ancient document w.as that of the Ajmstolic Constitutions, which some gave as of the third century. In that they had a form by which tlic licnitents were to receive absolution ; but throughout the whole of it, without exception, it was all supplication, and neither bishop, priest, deacon, nor congreg.ation ever said to the penii tent "I absolve thee from thy sins." T'he words of this formula were : — " Look graciously upon these, thy servants, Avho here bow themselves before Thee in humili ation and repeut.ance .... There is mercy with Thee. Restore these to the bosom of thy Holy Church and to the ifiace and station which they before h-cld in it." That was a pure simple prayer by the Bishoi) and Avhole Church that God would forcive them their sins and receive them back into the Church. The next most .ancient document Avas the Liturgy of St. J.ames — so called, though pro- b.ably St. .James had- nothing to do Avith it — Avhich aa'as sujiposed to be.the end of the fourth or beginuiim of the fifth century. In that, .again,: the a\diole formula Avas a prayer to God to pardon the penitents — " under Avh.atevei judg ment or anathema through- thy. goodness." And it Avas here to be noticed that the two piiasages of Scripture on Avhich the Absolutionists rested their hopes were quoted again as pleas Avith God for the pardon of sin : — PThou hast coinmanded us saying, that Svliat- soever ye shall bind on .earth shall be bound iu lie.aA'en, and Avhatsoeycr ye shall loose oii e.arth sluill be loosed in' heaven,' for thoii art our God, a God able to, be merciful ,to save and to remit sins." Here, then, in the earliest documents that they had on record :theie;- w.as not' a sliadOAV of absolution. The form of absolution av.as .pr.ayer to God who alone can absolve from sins. Let them noAV turn for a moment to Rome and the Western Churches aii'd go to the earliest records of the Romish Clnirch:: itself . . , ;It appeared that Gelasius, a Pojie of Rome of tlie fifth century, Avho had been a very pious im.an, droAV up a great m.any . commentaries, .and - sacramentaiies and 'services for confessing and absolving peni tents, 111 every, casei, the foriiiiila for receiving back the , penitents into the Church Avas-—" Lord ttra l-ancma/tli v»ri»a» lano ovtacr and there Avas notliing in the form of " by virtue of tlie authority given to me I absolve thee." "It belongs to thee, " said one, of' .these formiihe, "to give absolution of sinP aiid to grant for giveness t6 , suineis ; and all the forms Avere pre- catorj', there Avas no " Eyo (e (dj.solno I" Such Avere tliejAneAVS of Rome in the fifth century' before she fell into the snares of, Sat.an. She did not dare: .to 'claim .the qjOAver of forgiveness of .sin., Pojie Gelasius had given . a form of absolu tion. for, the sick and dying. It- raii thus : — " Look upon this thy serv.aiit entre.atiiig for himself, \Avitli aa'hole confession of heart, the re mission of all his sins,;, renew in liiiriAvhatsoever has been corrupted' by earthly frailty or injured by the aa'ifes of the de-vil ; restore him by per fect forgiveness to the unity .and member.ship of thy Church' ; have compassion on his.groanings. " Step by step they had after that, century after , century up to the twelfth cent;iuy, formulai'ies of that kind given by the same Roman Catholic authority ; so that down to positively the eleventh century and the commencement of the twelfth, they found from the language of the Church of -Ronie herself that there Avas not a shade of a shadoAV of aii attempt to. assume that ppAver Avhich, Avas noAV, . becoming dangerous among us. Nay, niore than that, he could put his finger upon the time Avlien this first steij Avas taken in the wrong dir'ectioiir , The change crept in about the eleyeiith eentury, when the follow ing form av.os ijsed " May the Lord God Almighty, Avho gave his- holy Apostles the power of binding aiid ioo.sing, liimself absolve thee of .all thy sins ; and so far as is permitted ' to liiy frailty, . lie thou thus .ab solved." ' There Avas the first dark sh.adoAV of ecclesi.as- tic.al s.acerdotal presumption. Thus, then, they saAV in Rome and the-Westorn Churches, priestly absolution Avas iinknOAvn. Noav, turn to the Greek Church, aiid there thev Avould find the eA'idcnce ; stiR more clem and decisive that for the same period of l,200years no form of jiriestly .absolution existed auvAvhere. - After the Council of Trent - the Pope sent . Jacobus Gear into the East to explore aR the; ritu.als of the Greek Church,- and' bring back' intelligence as to hoAV fai they .agreed Avith the decrees of the Council of Trent. He went -to Constantinople, and visited, the. Churches. "of the Greeks, Coiits, .Synans, and others, and, Avith gre.at Labour, copied onfall 'the liturgies and 'formulas he could get hold of, and brought them back, and a massive volume / of Rheui Avas ipublished in 1647\. But beginnmgiat Constantinople some time ill .587; he could not find in any of their forms of absolution— Avhich Avere ivll public— anything giving countenance to the claim of priestly jiowei of absolving from mus. 'Turning to the Anglo-Saxon Church the Dean shoAved, by quotations from the forms used at th.at peiiod, that there Avas equally clear evidence of total freedom from priestly absolution. Every one Of the forms Avas a iir.ayer, and nothing but : a prayer, and for fuUer evidence of this than he Avas able to give in his sermon, the Yery Rev. Preacher referred his audience to the Rev. .:M. Hobart .Seymour's book on "The Confessional." But he had another piece of inform.ation aa'hich, in his judgment, Avas more import mt still. It c.ame froni the s.ame Roman Q.atLolic .authority. He believed he was right in afiirriiing th.at' those clergymen of the Robiiali Church or of the Church of Engl.and Avho assume the .authority of reoeivin;| confession .and giving .absolution, based their claim upon the ordin.ation services, wherein the Bishop said, " Receive the Holy Ghost. Whose sins thou dost forgia'e they are for-ven ; .and Avhose sins thou dost retain they are re tained." He supposed he might assume that if that Avere taken aAv.ay they Avould admit their foundation was gone. Noav, -vvas it possible that Ritualists did not knoAV that doAvn to the tAvelfth century, that f( r.n of Avords never exis ted in any ordin.ation service in the aa'orld ? He defied all the Avorld to find him an inst.ance of a bishop ordaining any ene hi those aa'ords. What a striking f.act that Avas ! Did it not shoAV that the introduction of those Avords Avas ucav, .and th.at a thousand yc.ars rolled by and tens and hundreds of thousands of bishops and priests had been consccr.ated Avithout those Avords Upon this point the De.an quoted the testimony of Morinus, the le.arued liturgiologist, that these Avords h.ad no existence in the ordinals of the Greek, Latin Coptic, or any other .ancient Church, till the twelfth century, .and str.ange to say, it had no existence in the Greek Church to this day. Thus the very form of service sup posed to give this po-vver Avas ciit iiav.ay. They had the coihsesus ccdcshe that it was an xnilaAvful thing, contrary to the Word of God and to the authoritjy of the Church, .and if .any deluded m.an inflated -with pride, bec.anse he thought thus, ventured to peer into the secrets of a m.an a Avoman, or a child, and iirononncc .absolution or not as he ple.ased, he assumed .and did a thing . for Avhich he had no authority from the Church of God, until th.at Church became corrupt. I therefore exhort you aR to unite in Avhat 1 hope is the beginning of a gre.at n.ational demonstra tion .against confessors and absolvers. 