TOPICS OF THE DAY On Wednesday His Excellency the Governor held a Council, at which two Minis- ters were present, We understand that the whole of the members of the Central Bead Board have been re-elected. Messrs. B. Smith and G. McEwin being re-appointed by the Govern- ment as elective members of the Board. Mr. B. B. Colly received, on the 5th February, the following gratifying telegram from Mr. Wm. Pascoe, the captain of the South-East Moonta Mine:—"Cut leader of black ore driving east four (4) inches wide, solid; forty (40) per cent; looking splendid; widening." Charles Biddis, a lodger at an eating- house in Hindley-street, mi admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday afternoon. February 5, suffering, it is supposed, from disease of the heart. About five minutes after- wards, just as the patient was getting into bed, a sudden fit of faintness came-over him, and falling to the floor he instantaneously expired. An inquest will be held to-day. Eels are reported as being frequently caught lately in the swamp and creek just above the Port MacDonnell Woolwash. It is said that this is the only place in South Aus- tralia where they are found. We are not in a position to certify the correctness of this statement; indeed, we doubt it, having an im- pression that fine eels are caught In the Onka- parings; but we do know that a high legal functionary in Adelaide who has a penchant for eels has bespoke a supply from Port Mac- Donnell.—Mount Gambier Standard. As Henry Parner, a youth residing at Port Pine, was, on Monday evening last, taking a horse out of a cart, the animal turned round with the intention of entering the stable, and in so doing the lad's hand got jammed against the wall, receiving several severe injuries. The sufferer was admitted into the Adelaide Hos- pital on Thursday, the 5th instant.—On the same day James Raymond, aged 14. woodcarter, was taken to the Hospital, suffering from various injuries of a serious character to his head, which he had sustained a short time pre- viously by being thrown out of his dray at the Tiers. On Wednesday, February 4, an enter- tainment was given by a few members of the South Australian Christy Minstrels in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, in aid of the young lad named Hart, who met with so serious an accident about six weeks ago while riding along the North Adelaide-road. The performance consisted of overtures, songs, comic and sentimental, choruses, among which were "Tobias and Biancus," and the farce of "You're Engaged." The pieces were all well received by a large and appreciative audience, and the entertainment was brought to a close at an early hour. The ocean mail steamer may now be expected to arrive at any moment. The Ban- galore left Galle on January 17, and was con- sequently 19 days out yesterday. Her average run to King George's Sound has been rather under 14 days, and her coaling at the Sound, occupying about 15 hours, she might reasonably be expected to accomplish the distance to Adelaide in four days. There- fore, if she has made anything like an average run. she is now overdue. Arrangements have doubtless been made by the Telegraph autho- rities, so that in the event of her arrival in- timation of the fact may be instantly sent to headquarters. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, S., fresh, cloudy; Strangways Springs, fresh, fine, few clouds, cool; Peake, S.E., light, dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, 5.9. W., moderate, clear; Alice Springs, 8.8.. light, fine, dear, hot; Barrow Creek, N.W., very light, clear, fine, warm ; Tennant Creek, S.E.. fresh, fine, clear, cool; Powell Creek, calm, dull, threatening, thunderstorm yesterday, rain 2 630; Daly Waters, calm, overcast, gloomy, thunderstorm yesterday, rain 0*303; Katherine, calm, densely overcast, cool; Yam Creek, N.W., light, over- cast, cool; Port Darwin, W., fine, warm ; fine rireek, calm, dull, overcast; Southport, S.W., fresh, cloudy, fine. The monthly Committee meeting of the South Australian Horticultural and Flori- cultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms Hotel, Rundle-street, on Tuesday afternoon, February 3. Present—The President (Mr. J. Souttar) in the chair; Messrs. O. Zeigler, George Laughton, J. F. Pascoe, Dr. Paterson, Dr. Wylde. B. Ingleby, F. 8. C. Driffieldm J. G. Hoffmann, E. P. Sabine, C. H. Hardy, and W. Haekett (Secretary). On the motion of Mr. Paseoe, it was resolved that Regulation No. 9, providing that no exhibitor shall stage two exhibits in one class except classes in which one exhibit only is called for, shall henceforth apply only to fruits and vegetables, the amendment to come into force at the March Show next. Me. Ingleby laid on the table a peach sapling grown in his garden. The meeting then closed. What might have proved a very dis- astrous fire occurred at Mr. Lindner's farm on Friday afternoon. A steam-engine was driving a thrashing-machine at work on his wheat crop, when a spark communicated with a two- storey barn which was only a few feet distant. The fire spread very rapidly, and the building was burned to the ground. Fortunately there was not a strong breeze at the time, other- wise the wheat stack and the whole of the farm buildings would almost cer- tainly have been destroyed. Immediately after the fire broke out the men com- menced damping the part of the stack nearest the burning building, and thus they prevented the destruction of the wheat. The engine which caused the mischief had been placed in close proximity to the dwelling and other erec- tions on the farm, a practice which all farmers would do well to discountenance by erecting their stacks in a dear apace. The building which was destroyed consisted of slab sides and a thatched roof, and contained harness and various other properties at the time of the fire.— Mount Gambier Standard. A very agreeable entertainment was given at the Payneham Institute on Thursday evening, the 4th inst. There was a very fair attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. Stevenson, M.P. The programme comprised an overture, some songs and duets by lady and gentleman amateurs, and a reading by the Chairman. The chief attraction of the evening, however, was the delivery by the Rev. F. W. Cox of his lecture "Across the Alps into Italy." The reverend gentleman was cordially received, and his very interesting and instructive lecture was listened to with marked attention. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and performers, to Mr. Cook for the loan of his pianoforte, and to the Chairman were carried by acclamation, and the entertainment concluded with the National Anthem. It is gratifying to see that the good folks of Payneham are determined to utilise their Institute building thoroughly. They have under the direction of their energetic Committee and Secretary, given a good number of these entertainments, which are well appreciated in the neighborhood, and assist greatly in bringing forward local talent. Mr. J. Kemp Penney, the proprietor of the Labor Exchange, Grenfell-street, has for several mouths past opened a free reading-room in connection with his establishment. The room, which is spacious, light, cool, and airy, is well furnished with chairs, benches, and tables. Upon the latter are laid out a con- siderable number of newspapers, periodicals, and miscellaneous publication, inluding the Illustrated London News, Graphic, and Bow Bells. Regular files of the chief of the Ade- laide and provincial and intercolonial papers are also kept. Cocoa matting is laid down, and in many minor details the comfort of the visitor is studied, materials for correspondence even being provided. The nature of Mr. Penney's business necessarily draws a large number of persons to his office, and it is to the unemployed the reading-room may prove a benefit, as whilst waiting for engagements they can spend their leisure time in a profitable and an intellectual way instead of lounging idly about town. The room has been largely used not only by this class of persons, but by many young men who in their lunch hour take advantage of the benefits so afforded. Smoking is not allowed, nor anything in the conduct of visitors which, might prove offensive. The room if provided, with eight gas burners, and due regard is paid to cleanliness and order. Adjoining the reading room is a smaller one, which is comfortably fur- nished, and in which tea and coffee and tempe- rance beverages alone are procurable. On Wednesday evening, February 4, an ordination service was held at Pirie-street Church, when the Revs. S. T. Withington, J. H. Trevorrah, W. H. Howe, J. Read, B. G. Edwards, and P. C. Thomas were admitted into the Methodist ministry, having passed through a probationary service of four or five years. There was a very large oongregation, and the Rev. W. L. Sinks, President of the Conferenee, presided. There was also on tile platform a large number of ministers who are attending the Conference now in session. After devo- tional exercises the Revs. Messrs. Withington and Edwards gave interesting accounts of their conversion, and the circum- stances which led to their acceptance of ministerial work. The President then ques- tioned the candidates according to the pre- scribed formula, after which portions of Scrip- ture were read by the President, and silent prayer was engaged in. A hymn was then sung, at the conclusion of which some of the senior ministers in full connexion approached the kneeling candidates and laid their bands upon them, the President saying. "Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and pastor now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of the Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Each of the candidates was then presented with a Bible, the President saying—"Take thou authority to preach the Word of God, and to administer the Holy Sacraments in the con- gregation." Prayer and praise were again offered, after which the Rev. J. Bickford ascended the pulpit, and delivered an impres- sive ordination charge, based upon the words, "I speak concerning Christ and the Church."— Ephesians, v. 32. He pointed oat the great responsibilities attaching to the service which the candidates had chosen to consecrate them- selves to, and detailed the various spheres of church labor; also pointing but the duties of the people towards their pastors, and the prudence and forethought which were required by the latter in administering the discipline of the Church. The impressive service was concluded by the pronouncing of the benediction, which was followed by the administration of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. 