POETRY. DOIT DIEGO OF THE SOUTH. Rbfzctoey— -Mission Sat Gabbiel. 1869. " Good," said the Padre, "believe me still, Gall him Don Juan, or whatever you will — The type's eternal IfWfe knew him here As Dan Diego del Such I fear The story's no hrfftWHl you hear? one ot those spirits y6uHjeuwhy God has permitted. Therein I Have the advantage, That wolves are eentsqlhe purasfcfeld, Well, for sIn| purpose, I grant you, dim, The Don lovecL women, and they lovedhim. Hanti flinng>jt l>MHfllf Win T.AHT loVQ ! "OMt, Many believed that they were his yIs; And (such are those creatures since the Fall) The very doubt had a charpfer all I You laugh ! You are young"- but I— indeed I have no patience. To proceed : You werarybU passed through the upper town The Enciaal, where the road gees down To San Felipe. ' There, one morn, They found Diego; his mantle torn, Ami as many-stabs through his doublet's band As there were wronged husbands — you understand ? Dying.';fSo said the gossips. ' Dead,' Was wfeMffthfiiar who found him said. Good IQuien sabe ? Who else should know ?— It was ji hundred years ago. There WflS-fr juncraL Small indeed— Privater?Yfhat would you ? To proceed : Scarcely the year had flown. One night The cammandante awoke in a fright- Hearing below his casement's bar The wfM'ksown twang of the Den's guitar— And rushed to the window just to see His wife— a-swoon on the balcony. One week later Don Juan Ramirez Found his own daughter, the Don Inez, Pale as a ghost, leaning out to hear The song of that phantom cavalier. Even Alcade Pedro Blas Saw, it was said, through his niece's glass The shtejof Diego twice repass. What-hese gentleman each confessed Heaven and the Church only know. At best The case-wae a bad-one. How to deal With Sin as a ghost' they-couldn't but feel Was aqjriul thing. .' Till a certain Fray Humbly offered to show the way. And ths way waa thifl : Did T say before That theFraywasa stranger ? No — Senor, Strange;! ' Very strange ! I should have said That thai very week the Don lay dead He came among ub ! Bread he broke Silent ;fipor over to one he spoke. So he had vowed it. Below his brows Hi faooieas hidden. There are such vows. Strange, are they not ? You do not use Snuff? A bad habit ! Well, the views Of the Fray were these i That the penance dene By the< cabellferos was right ; hut one Was dueto the cause, and that, in brief, Was Donna Dolores Gomes, chief, And Inez, Sanchicba, Goncepcion, And Gasmen. Wellj half the girls in town On his tablets the.Friar had written down. These were to come on a certain day And ask at the hands of the pious Fray For absolution. That dene, small fear But the shade of Diego would disappear. They capie, each knelt in her turn and place To the pious Fray, with his hidden face And voiceless lips, and each again Took back her ssul freed from spot or stain, 'Till thejona Inez, with eyes downcast, And a teprori their fringes, knelt her last. And then— perhaps that her voice was low, From fear or from shame— the monks said so— But th&Xtay; leaned forward, when, swiftly all Were thrilled by a scream, and Saw her fall Fainting beside the Confessional. And so whs the ghost ofDiego laid As the Fray had said. No more bis shade Was seen at San Gabriel's Mission. Eh ! The girl interests you, I daresay ? ' Nothing/, she said, when they brought her to, Nothing— a faintness !' They spake more true Who said 'twas a stubborn seul. But then - Women are women, and men are men! So to return; As I said before, Having got the wolf by the same high law, We saved the Iambs from the wolf's own jaw, And that's my story. The tale, I fear, But poorly told. Yet it strikes me, here Is stuff for a moral. What's your view ? You smile, Don Pancho. Ah— that's like you !" Beet Habte. 