SPIRITISM. "I wants to make your flesh, creep,5' said the fat boy to his old mistress. The lady was much excited by the announce ;ment, but yielded, after all, _ very readily to be horrified. There is indeed a strange delicious thrill to be enjoyed in hearing a thoroughly marvellous story, which few can deny themselves ; so any one who offers us an article of the kind never fails to find eager listeners ; espe cially a good ghost story. How well we remember the time when a long winter eveningwouldflit by like a shadow, owing to our absorbed attention to a feast of such horrors j who that has felt it can forget the delirious haste with which an unlucky boy scrambled into bed, when it had fallen to him to put out the candle ! At that time, no doubt, it was generally understood that nobody any longer be lieved in ghosts ; at least everybody who laid claim to uncommon sense, denounced the supernatural as nonsense ; yet some of the funniest- stories of the time had, for point, the alarm of the swaggering Sadducee wlio cam© face to face with, a ghost. It was, rare to find cool ness like that of the old doctor, of the 93rd Regiment, who, meeting a splendidly got. up swell of a ghost, hiccupped out, " Dear me ! _ Is it the general resurrection, or are ye just taking a daunder (saunter) byyoursel'l" Free thinkers, at: any rate,, would as soon have taken their turn, to pray in a prayer meeting as have confessed a belief in any spirits, except those which lay in cask or bottle. Yet the world was not without its world of wonders even then. Mes merism was widely published, and belief in it confessed with greater or less hesita tion. It is now, by the, way, just a cen tury since Mesmer came , to Paris with his wonderful plates and rods. Neither doc trine, nor practice was his own invention, though they got their modern name from him; his teacher, Father Hell (curious nanie), Jesuit, and Professor of Astronomy in Vienna, had long been famous for magnetic cures, and was the last of a long line of quacks, extending back at least to Paracelsus. Mesmer, however, was a born charlatan, and made a famous name and a very good income by his secret, till the Academy .condemned the whole as imposture ; and even then he was able to wind up his affairs by selling his secret at 100 louis each time, from which he netted 340,000 francs, with-which to/ enjoy ease and dignity at ;G~eneva. . 7 It would be an interesting study to pass in review the doings of his disciples, Maineduc, De Loutherbourg, Perkins, De Puysegur, De Barberin, Faria Du potet, and Elliotson ; and to recal to mind the. credulity with which each was welcomed, down to Keichenbach with his new Force, OD. In scientific circles mesmerism was snuffed out by the articles in the "Lancet" of 1845, by Dr. C. R. Hall, but it has followers to this day; and its bright little babe, clairvoyance (known of old in _ Scotland as second sight—see Defoe'B " Memoir of Duncan Campbell"), became perhaps the mother, at any rate the big sister, of the great mystery of our own time, Spiritism. Ghost stories came into vogue again, and as happens in every madness which makes nations crazy, obscure doctors, cracked parsons, and briefless lawyers, hurried to distinguish themselves as ardent parti sans of the new religion. Mrs: Crowe's " Sight-side of Nature," raw-head-and bloody-bones pure and simple, sold immensely, and Bulwer's "Strange Story" and its yet more terrible (because short) avant- courier, " The Haunters and the Haunted," in Blackwood of 1859, were flanked and followed by a Bedlam of horribles, which put old Glanvil and Baxter quite out of sight. , Cahagnet and the Seeress of Prevorts, with the clairvoyants, who took us into the spirit world, were not half so fascinating as Miss Fox and Judge Edmonds, who brought the spirits out among us. It was fortunate for Spiritism that it was born in America, where no belief, however outrageous, once torn, need die for want of nursing. It was taken up with eager affection, and fostered into a portentous development, so that it was able to devour, , like Aaron's serpent, all the religions and philosophies round about it, wherever it got admission. Its progress Has Deen remarjsauio. .jujls juou a quarter of a century since Miss Fox's toes began cracking, and now we are assured there are some ten millions avowed spiritists in the United States. They are numerous elsewhere, too—fifty thousand in Paris, ten thousand in Lyons, and in Britain enough to sup port four periodicals devoted solely to their belief, one of these boasting a circu- ' lationof5,000weekly. Therearegreatnum bers, more or less avowed, in Melbourne, and they are making vigorous efforts at proselytising in Sydney, as we see from a lecture by the Rev. A. Webb, which has just reached us. If we listen to the spiritists, we can hardly comprehend where we have got to; no ghost story ever ventured on such audacious, and yet prosaic marvels. We are told that spirits answer when they are questioned, and sometimes, in a fit of garrulity, rap away when no one wants them ; that big tables dance the Highland fling, bells and flower- pots flutter about like butter flies, solid 'men and women float about in the. air over people's heads, and cold damp hands, like dead shark's' tins, come in the dark, fondling ladies' cheeks, and tickling girls under the chin. Ac cordions flit about, playing Yankee Doodle or Rule Britannia, all out of their own insides, nobody .(for a spirit is no body) meddling with them. Fire does not burn the spiritists, nor water drown tliem, hemp cannot bind them'—whether it would hang them we have not learned. Last mail's papers brought us reports of wonders in the rope-triclc line, far sur passing those of the Davenport's, wrought in the Crystal Palace by a Miss Fay. But now, what have these ghosts come to tell us ? During all these 25 yeai's what one valuable oracle have they given in science, philosophy, or religion ? They talk much—they gush with talk ; but we fully agree with Professor lluxley, who says he would as soon listen to the gossip of a coterie of old women, or the twaddle of curates in a dull cathedral town, as take his place m a seance. All that Dr. Wallace, their defender, has to reply to Professor Huxley is, that the people were mostly ' fools and liars while they lived, and are none the better for being dead, so that nothing but nasty twaddle need be ex pected from them. If that be the case, why spend fifty to a hundred nights in the year waiting for their drivel ? If they be spirits of dead fools who talk, the spiritists lose much valuable time to gain nothing, for there be living fools enough to vex us ; and we refusing to listen, if we gain nothing we lose nothing, while, if we be right, whether we conclude that evil spirits are playing with them, or that they are befooling themselves, in either case they are much to be pitied, and blamed as well. It avails nothing to parade before us illustrious converts. We freely allow that Hare, and Mapes, and De Morgan, Lockhart Robertson, Robert Chambers, Judge Edmonds, Robert Dale Owen, Lexton, and Alfred Wallace himself have names widely and deservedly honored. But, for all that, nothing has been gained to the world through spiritism, and the rank and file of the believers are such muddy-brained gawpuses, that we desire neither their fellowship nor the fellowship of their rascally ghosts- Long: may South" Aus tralia be free from the whole crew .' 