MODERN REVIVALS. “Aɴᴅ they every one cast down their rods and they were turned into serpents.” This is what the Bible says of the Egyptian magicians. Moses had worked a miracle, and they were permitted to imitate it. But, the Bible adds, “And Aaron’s rod devoured their rod.” It is the old tale. God’s Spirit does nothing for man that Satan’s does not strive to imitate. It is by the fruit only that the unwary can distinguish between them. There is at this moment, and has been for weeks, in this city an organized at tempt at a so called revival of religion. God forbid that we should sneer at any work or any sincere 'worker in His cause, however mistaken, from onr point of view, the work or the workman may be. We know nothing of what has been said or done by these Sydney Revivalists. We liiave heard of no harm that has been effected, and of no good that has been accomplished. But we know that the movement was professedly set on foot in consequence, according to one of its leading promoters, o^the 'great religious revival that had taken place in Scotland.' In the interests of Society we feel it almost a duty to warn our fellow colonists of the real character of the model which they are called upon to imitate. Better far that they should remain in a state of indifference to religion than that they should be moved by the spirit of lies to embrace a phantom, or puffed up with spiritual pride that must end in a fall into depths lower than those from which they rose. Bearing in mind that all good gifts are from God, that no spiritual good is WXULlgliU Ul UJJLO DUU1 CAA.GJJ U UJ UIL\J JLl_li.l 11' ence of His Spirit, and that the character istics of the presence of His Spirit are peace, patience, and benignity, we shall be prepared to appreciate at their real worth the phenomena of these so-called religious revivals in Scotland. They are patronized and encouraged by clergymen of almost every denomination — Catholics, of course, excepted. The working force, however, is made up of two lay Americansfrom Chicago — a Mr. Sankey and a Mr. Moody, who combine the bur lesque qualities of Bret Harte and Artemus Ward, and seem to have no other. Mr. Moody has just talent enough to translate the Scripture into vulgar humorous Ame rican slang; and Mr. Sankey has just talent enough to sing one of the psalms or the lamentations of the prophet Jeremiah to the tune of 'Old John Brown;' and with such qualifications and such instru ments, servant girls and children of tender years, as well as older male fools, are driven into hysterics, into temporary re ligious insanity, into the wildest extrava gances, and, in numerous cases, into the depths of moral depravity. Here are some of the facts about the so-called re ligious revival which the people of Sydney are asked by Christian ministers to imitate — facts taken from a periodical reliable for its facts if not for it principles — the Saturday Review : — '' Mr. Moody uses freely jokes, slang, and Yankee wit, and gives the parables of Christ in the vernacular of Artemus Ward.' Again : ' Most of the audience find the entertain ment as racy as that of the Christy Minstrels, while some are driven into hysterics and violent paroxisms.' Again : {f Persons distressingly moved are taken to private rooms and pounced upon by self constituted converts, who pour in their ex hortations.' One servant girl, poor thing, is boasted of as having ' wept like an in uuunuuu, ami as iiaviug required relays 01 pocket-handkerchiefs and hymn- books.' A child of ten is boasted of as having cried as if his little heart would break, while an old monster of cruelty in the shape of a ' converted sinner ' was tor turing him with pictures of hell and damnation. And, to crown all, wherever this revivalist movement has been most active . ' drunkenness and fornication ' have been proved by statistics to have increased. Is this the spirit of the Holy Ghost? To a Catholic mind, safe in the gentle guidance of the Church, which knows how to curb and direct without stifling reli gions emotions, there is something in these fanatical burlesques of religion that excites compassion rather than merriment; and to any mind that seriously reflects, there is an almost overwhelming argument in favour of the Divine character of the Church in the fact that she alone of all the religious corporations of the world can move the hearts of men so that for Christ's sake they will face death itself, and yet move them in such peace and patience that, like the movements of the celestial orbs, they are unnoticed except by the keen observer. 