[?] St. Mary's .Cathedral. . : . Yesterday, the; third Sunday, of Advent, was ; the, auspicious occasion-when tlio rccep- tion of ,a yoniig', lady into thoPrcsontatiqu: Conveiit took placo. , Long before tlio ap- pointcd'honr for tlio' ceremony, a largo linm-. i lxsr of .catholics 'atul incnihcra of many othor denominations attended the cathodral, which -was filled by tho -time, tho ceromohy coiii- . monccd. ' , ' V.', ' , ' 'Tlip procession entered thocliurcli preceded fey tho cross-bcarer, and follmVcd by acolytes, . . heariug>thcir wcJl. known i purple soutanes' atul cottas. ; . -Next .canio . .the, cleigy, in ; rou- 'lAues, 'surplices, 'aiid hircttas,' followed 'by; , tho celebrant of,' tlio mass, clnd in purjdo \- vestments.1 Then cn'mo - tlic v attendants of tho Bishop, followed by His Lordship, wear- i ing cope and metre, and hearing .a beautiful pastoral staff. Judging from the anxiety of those, present,, the next part of the proces sion was 'the1 :most interesting.: This- parti proceeded along in'thc following- ordorito the: .Nun's, Choir.;,, First came the cross hearer, ;a young lady boarder of the . convent and sister of the liovicc elect, named the Arohangcl of ; the Angelic 'group. 1 Theufollowed four-littto girls dressed 'iu snow awhite, .-mid' called " Tho Angels;" .The young lnrty.boardors of the con vont;' similarly attired, wero next in order, walking two by two; then canio the! : novices,, with, their .white veils ;.aud, lastly, the professed nuns,, and tlio itovioo elect, who was:botween the mother-assistaiit and the mothor superior.' 11 / ;;1 '-' L ' All having arrived at tho : " g'rato " — genn- fleeted . before tho; blessed; sacrniucnt,) and rctirecVto their places, leaving , the , novice, 'elect oh' hor knees;''" During tlio' entrahe'o of the procession to tho ciiurch, the choir \- sang "out tho " Gloriosa virgihum. " Tho coro- ; mony commenced by presenting the postulant t6 the Bishop, who, .handing her a blessed candle, j said! , . "Receive,' dearly beloved. ' dimehter,' this corporal light; to dispel roll tlie darkness" of ignorance and error, that ! behig-iUumiimted by divine wisdom with tho \-- fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou,.inayc8t:de.; sire to bo eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of tho church, ,who. Itveth, &c.;"; Mass' now commenced, ' tho ' celebrant. hoing' rtlie Rov.'- D.F.' Bccchinprj of St. Mary's ' Cathedral, and was continued totho gospel, -jWhen ,tho Very Rov., Dr.-Forrest, late rector of St. John's College, Sydney .Uiiiyorsity, received tho episcopal blessing and 'rricoudcd tho pulpit. Having' rend thq epistle for tho: 'day,' thd epistle of St,'1 Paul' to tho 'Corinth. . ians, 4th chapter and;7tli: verse, :t "Roioico, mid be glad," and having rcad-tho gqspel ap- pointed for that Sundays-John, tlio 1st chap., 19th and 28th verses, '"'I am the voicoof one crying in the wilderness, 'make straight the way of tho Lord;'! be said : Tlio Christian obligation was mi obligation imposed upon all, and that was an 'obligation of>nnctity. ' Be followers of me,' saia St Paul, ' as I am of Christ,' and our Lord said, "Bo yo per feet ns your holy Father is - perfoct.r. ;.:Tlio penalties of not observing tho Christiau ohli- fatinns were Jaid down, by St. Paiil in tlio st Corinthians, fitli clmp., mid 9th- verse. : "Tho- Christian's .'obligations wero summed up as faitli, hope, charity,; humility, . chastity; % detachment from the transitory;. pleasures of ; this life, forgiveness of injuries,, pntiont suf. fering,' prayer, mortification,1 and an entire ' conformity - to tho '.will of God— theso' wore : tho.eharaotcriBtioimnrks of a tmo Christian. \- They were told- thnt this morality could ho purchased in tho world, that it was oxccssivc, ' that in the cloister it might do wbU'cnqugh, but that in the world it would bo littlo but- ter than ridiculous singularity. But thore was only ono gospel, mid-it pointed ciiit 'only, one rood to heaven. That which tho 'saints ..travelled was, jt,wastrne, a narrow one, 'hut few tliero wore who found ,it. Tho gospol ' pointed out' ! that1 there'" was - no'V state of, Iffo tlio duties oft which could exempt thein1 from 'tho 'essential 'duties' 'of religion.: It made no excoptioir'ihl'fftvqur-ofEthe world— it contained. ;no . protecting clause to exempt tho world from 'the soventy of tho .maxim promulgated . by the.Divino Master/ "I/fhou ,wilt enter' iuto life/keep my bom-; ' insndents " ( bound theni as solemnly - in . the cloister. / Tho inaxims of tho world had bvor iheen. opposed .to the .maxius of tho gospel.1 They were s6 stiU,-but the world woulu bo r judged by .'tho gospel,' and1 alas/con'doinnr.d. They must live ni tlio world; ' but nofc acc'oad- i Ing to (ts maxims, and whence arose the divis- ion, of Christians into two classes— Christians . in the world and Christians ;in tho.. cloister? ' It originated in the corruption bf m'ornls'. and "the 'decay of piety. In the first'ages of the Church all aliko.renounced the world; Holy . virgins, pious matrons, and they who were of the " household of Cicsar,". and tho Christiiui 'soldier in the Imperial army had nothing iii common with tho world, andthoy considered . that to he a Christian was to rcnonnco1 -its maxima; From what Christian > duty .could . they claim exemption hecauso thoy lived, in 'the world aiid not iii the cloister ? ..Hot from the austerities of a penitential life; If the world were tho seat of innocence, the asylum . of; virtue, the rofuge of . purity nnd honness "and tcmperanco there ought he some reason for claiming the exemption, but it was not and is hot. Was prayer less hccbssary ?. If » 1 there wore fewor temptations, if there : were leas bod example,-if less groce-wcre required for the attainment of Christian oxamplo thon the plca might boadmittcil. Vliy did the ' folloivcra of religious orders withdraw" them- ' nelves to retirement and solitude/ aiid live aindcr the austere atmosphero 'of porpetnol Sihaiice ? Did they appeal to a new gospel ? id they add to Hie seyeral maxims proposed ? to All Christians? "Did they call ont, not for solvation, but for., tho higher places in.the kingdom; of thoir. Father? .Certainly not! THe primitivo Christiana ;yere ono body " sainta.11-- Their very moKds 'cbmpclled the Pagans to renounce the sanctity or ' their ro Hgionr The Church herself was tho asylum of virtue, tlfe Christian . society waa the best guardian of". Christian! sanctity, but: while : the world , embraced -/the gospel, tho , Pagan nations ' ; entering :tlio Church rhrought' witli them many. Vif. the 'Nfices and tho falso maxims which' thoy jiro fessed to havoiremovcel 'iu1 Kaptism. 'iThou .tho sincere Hod into tho desert, and . sought an asylum from the corruptions of tho scan dals that wero desolating tlic.fairiiiheiitance of Clirist. Tlio cloister .was 'nothing more than a' means of -perpetuating; the1 primitive spirit of Christianity, and; as far as human means could, securing tho observance of tlio gospel's maxims that:,- weroi obligating upon (UI. But what things : did ; , they , mean to secure? Theso : , Poverty, ohostity, ohe-: dicuco,' prayer, mortificntiqii, niid retire-; ment. > i Tliose wero the.mcaiis they dcomcd; essential to " ensure the obscrymico of tho. common precepts.' : After some -fiirthor re marks,' in which tho1 reverend geutlcmau- showed that people in tho world wero not! specially bound to those means as of command or precept, :y£t . bound to thorn! within the reasonable limits of their stato of life, he re ferred, to, tho young.lady thou prcsejit ns il lustrating tho, means thus ndoptcd, and then- by tlio engagciuonts sho oiitcred iuto on thnt day. In the" froshness of -youtli, with a highly cultivated iutollect,!. with an oxpc-. rienco of tlio'cbminu ity of !wliicli 'she was about to.bccomo a member; with many gifts, and ninny nttrtctioiis, sho 'become a recluse. It wns-iior''fltraiigo: society- unknown to her :tbat she cntorcd. 'i-Hcr. early: culture aud her . Christian principles sho' owed to the com munity of whiuh sho liad'.hcon so lung a dis tinguished pupil. .She had .laid .aside the trappings of pride, and frobly, and with ex perience .of years slic then jomo/l tho Vrcsou- tation Convent.' '.'Tliis, /said , tlio preacher, was a lossou 'which: those" .present should taUb to heart;' Tor/ after/all," the world wns y'assiiig, whiclf is hnt n pngeaht nnd a scone, ts ricTics wero uncertain, And nt tho last death would tear thorn away, aud so tho young lady present thnt morning had chosen tho " Bot'ter part .which: shall) not ho taken; away."- , !, ,? Throughout its delivery. tho reverend gen tlemen's eloquent address, was listened to with very great attention. ... , Muss Was now continued to the end. His lordship tho bishop then put .tho usual ques tion to tho postulant as to the froedom'of her action ill solccting :tho religions1 life, nnd questioned tho superioress -as to the postit lant's fitnossiiud qualifications to .enter her community. These wore replied to affirma tively, aud then tho postulant retired totlie convent and/ laid , aside the. secular dress whbli sho had worn that day far the last time. Returning to the church,, sho pros-, tratcd hoi-self hefore, the altar .during tie rendering of tho' "..Vcni! Creator." The: novice, as sho is now. 'called; 1 'was , then pre sented to tho lady- snporioiV' and 'the other: nuns, by .whom showas cmhrnced and con gratulated, - the ' choir singing-'meanwhiic, i "Behold how good and how- pleasant it is for. brethren to dwell together ;in:uiiity."r. The novico elect. is Miss Clara> Robinson, eldest daughter of Captain Houry. Robinson, aud the name she took on entering the coti-. vent was Sister Teresa, after- the celebrated foundress of the Carmelites., Sho was one of tho first pupils of tho presentation convent at; tlio annual examination of which slio highly: distinguished herself. ... . . i ... " The derby who attended the' bishop were tho Rov, W. J. Dunne; (Vicar General), the Rov. Dr. Forrost, ..the Rev. ,R. lhingcnmu, kite of Hyderabad/ India, who is oiia visit to. Tasmania, and who is now a guest of his lordship tho bishop. ; i i i ! i ' | 4 In 'tlio!' nfternooii' a . benediction -of. the: blessed sacromeut was given; when, as iu tho - .morning,, a. largc congregution was present. /.Thorohoir. recently, fonned: in tho Cathe dral, under tlio leadership of -Mr. .Edwanl Mulcahy, very creditably rendered tho- music peculiar Yo' such ceremonies. 