BOBERT AIKSIiEIGH. CHAPTER Xfir. (cosnxtTED.) I BEGIN ilV APPBEXTICESHIP. BT THE AtTHOR OP ' Lwhj AuJUyt Secret" "Aurora Fitted," ,{v Yes, the pocket-book had betru there, and it was gone—stolen in the scuffle no doubt. I bitterly regrt-tted this money, for I could not but believe it might have enabled me to buy over my gaolers to my oinj interest; hut I think 1 .-till mm- regretted the Iwk, which containe"! th«w comforting sentences of S<:rij»tuK* and jihilo^jihy lia-stily scribbk.l by the Iwnd of hjv Ix nefactiv-ss. " Is it snv fiite thmugh life to low overrthing?" I aAed. " Pur.-nt-. Wore- I kid ever kno\ni theni: Mends and good naim-. and nmiK-v and lili- rty ? Did 1 enter thiworld doomed to lo&? and slavery : prcdoomwl Ixcauto of my Mher's folly ? Are my tcn tii to lie for ever ^et on edge by the sour jnajiche ate}" Hajijtily—and this amidst such utter misery was the solitary consoling circumstancf—f had yet the lock<?t with my lady's portrait and liair, which I had long ago hiuig ruuud my neck by a stout black ribb »n, aud had worn faithfully every day of my life. " Even if you liad the money I doubt if it would serve you," said Phil Hay, seeing me lost in a gloomy despair. " The erone who waits on us is half an idiot, too foolish to aid you if she had the will. Our gaokr.3 ui - surly ruffians, who would take your money and laugh at you afterwards. 'Tis as Wv-ll t" lie spared the anguish of a delusive hope. No, Bob, there is no chance for us but to serve our time out yonder, with the chance of coming back some day, if it is our destiny to escape fever aud sword, famine and shipwreck." " What is the period ? or is there any fixed ]>eriod for our aUnx-ry t" " Alack! I know not, friend. "Were it the regular sen-ice to which we were bound, there are rules I could tell youbut of this inv- gular trader's Company I can affirm nothing. It is au accursed monopoly, opposed to all laws of justice and common sense; and its meiidiers make their own regulations. There was a sturdy endeavour some ten years since to throw open our commerce with the Ea ;t to all A-] venturous merchants: but by sjiecious argument and solid bribery, in the slmjK- of a loan to Government, the Company got their c-harter renewed, and have now a pretty sure footing in that distant world for which you aud I have our places booked." After this I sought no further knowledge. I was weakened by the pain of my wounds, aud lay languid, almost apathetic, while Philip Hay watched aud nursed me with a tenderness that could not hut touch my heart, despite my sense of his late infernal treachery. 'Twa-s strange to be thus cared for by the man who had destroyed me. I remained in this half-torpid condition for some days, eating scarce anything, and only nourished by some very vile broth which Phil induced the hag to procure for me 011 his assertion that I was at death's door, and a little brandy, obtained from the same source, aud paid for almost as dear as if it had been melted gold. Under my companion's care I mended a little, and was able to rise from my wretched pallet, wash and dress myself and pace feebly to and fro our dreary dungeon—thau wlucii I little thought ever to inhabit a more dismal abode. Then came upon ine in all its intensity the agony of despair; and never in all my after career did I suffer pangs so keen as those fcliat rent my heart during my habitation of this loathsome garret. Cut off alive from all I loved, tortured by the certainty that the woman for whom I would have given my life must needs believe mc the basest of men, there was no source, save One to which I liad not yet learned to apply myself, whence J could hope for- comfort. " Dora will believe me a hypocrite and a liar," I repeated to myself perpetually ; and this one idea seemed to be the beginning and end of my misery. My noble benefactress's ill opinion, her bitter disappointment in one she had trusted, 1 could not yet bring myself to consider. My dear love, my plighted wife, forsaken by mo without a word, abandoned to the glow tortures of domestic persecution; it was of her I thought, and for a long 'while of her alone. No, not alone; one lurid image glared red across the sad picture of my love's despair, and wore the sliape of Everard Lestrange. 1 liad not yet learned to entreat compassion from the Divine Judge of all mankind, but daily and nightly did I implore the vengeance of Heaven on the head of this consummate villain, and that I might be per* mittod to become the instrument of that almighty \yrath. For a -meeting "with this man, foot to foot and hand to hand, I thirsted •with, even a more passionate desire tluui that 525 with which I languished to tling myself at Dora Hemsley^s feet and assure her of 1 my fidelity. Alas! not for years were either of these meeting? to tafce place; and here was I. at twenty years of ngc, prisoner in a garret, with tw hope of change cjeeept that which would send me forth to eternal exile; yes, eternal; for what were the chances of future distant yean? to a wretch who hungered for present "relief to his immeasurable woes f It was just possible that in the remote future I might be restored to liberty aud England; L<ut eould I live upon the sorry comfort of .-ucSi a }Kis«ibility ? And I nriglit come back t • find Dora's grave, or to know that she was married and happy, and had forgotten me. It would be the return of a ghost, not a living man—a miserable shadow of past hope and j iv restored from the grave to trouble the p'-nce of ilir- living. Great Heaven, what an ing'-nious torment had Everard Lestrango huii-diK-d jVir the gratification of his malice .' To have* murdered me would have lieen a 3\. . .1 iweiigt- omparej io this hellish eonfpiracy, whkh cut me off from all that constitutes life, and yet left me to exist and •suffer. The injuries I had received in the brief skirmish that followed my wretched wedding were severe, and in spite of Philip Hay's care of me I suffered a relapse, and lay prostrate witli a low fever, while the garret we inhabited received .several new inmates in the persons of recruits voluntary and recruits involuntaiy like Hay and myself. The former smoked, drank, and played cards, with much cr.ntentin. jit and jollity, the latter alternately bewailed their fate, cursed their captors, anil joined in the amusements- of their happiei companions. Of the land to which we were destined to travel, mast of these had but a vague and foolish notion. Some confounded tli.- East Indies with the two Americas, other. believed the Great Mogul still powerfid as in the days of Aurungzebe, and ruler over millions of African negroes. All had a confused idea that the Lidians of Asia scalped their enemies like the copper-colored natives of Canada, that an Englishman single-liauded wa.s a match for about fifty of these Hindoo pagans, that diamond-mines and temple.- amply furnished with jewelled idols, accessible to the greed of any European adventurer, abounded throughout the Oriental continent^ and that gold-dust was the staple of the soil. Ignorance so complete, or half knowledge so bewildering, as obtained among these men it would have been almost impossible to conceive had one not overheard their conversation • aud I was amazed to find that a couple of fine' gentlemen who liad been surprised into an engagement under the influence of a tavern punch- bowl were no better informed than the tag-rag and bobtail that formed the.rest of the company. Utterly helplesss though I was, I could not shut from my mind all idea of escape. 1 questioned Philip Hay upon this subject; but he bade mc at once dismiss so futile a hope from my mind. "You can't suppose I should omit to reconnoitre our quarters," he said. " I took my survey before those fellows came in, and discovered the hopelessness of our case. If you were strong enough to climb like a catinstead of wliich you can but just crawl across the room—there would be 110 chance for us- We are here at the top of a loftv- liouse; below us a stone-paved yard, amply furnished with spikes, and in wliich half a dozen soldierfellows, with a stout bulldog for their companion, seem to make their perpetual abode. Nor is this all, for as your own eves will inform you, our windows are stoutly" barred ; and our friends, the recruits who have joined of their own accord, would no doubt be prompt to euiTy favour by giving the alarm and joining against us in any shindy that might follow. No, Bob; as loug as we remain here, there is nothing for us but patience and fortitude. They must convey us somehow from here to shipboard, and on "that passage rests our sole hope. If you see any chance of escape thai, snatch it without wasting a moment on consideration j you can't easily be worse off than you are, for once safely slapped, our doom is seAled. And now keep yourself quiet, Bob, so that you may the sooner get the better of this foolish fever, which unfits you for seizing any opnortunitv 1 that may offer." ' . I did not recover from my fever in time to avail myself of any chance tliat might have arisen between our removal and our shipment, for within a few days of this conversation we were suddenly aroused in the dead of the night with a summons,to prepare for our journey. Our preparations were of the briefest, the wealthiest among us possessing no more than a bundle j and then, amid hurry and clamour unutterable, we descended the steep dilapidated stair, dimly lighted by a single oil-lamp, and guarded by Sergeant O'Blagg aud half a dozen private soldiers. I was barely able to limp downstairs, leaning heavily 011 PJiilip's shoulder. " O^hili^Imedjas^w^ fl^Mtfown, "1 hoj»e they won't pari ub." m^tikrngmm my abandonment of my slate, I now clung to him who lu4 .Iwini^/iiiwvf^ jnis^sr. In tlic livinggnive to whicVW li&d; both do-, sceuded, his wjis tlie sole familiar fece that ( linked mo with the past and (iMfed! )MfM j my own identity; and even the sense of this* I might well have lost amidst suiTOimdii^i strange and under circumstance* so farbey6nd the limits of ev&y-day; experience. 1 I was thrust with two other invalids, whom I had not encountered until tliia moment, into a wagon, where we lay helpless upon the straw at the bottom. The wagon was then filled as closely as it could be paoked with other recruits, amongst whom I wis glad to perceive my betrayer, Philip Ilay.- llalf a dozen sturdy fellows, in military dreM, iud armed to the teeth, sit at the entrance erf the wagon, and kept guard over those within. My late acquaintance, the Irish sctgOMit, his post beside the driver, whom he directed; and in this order (the wagon holding in all about twenty people) we rumbled along the deserted stroets by many winding3 ;and turnings, which led I knew not where. I did, indeed, contrive to lift a corner of the cover- ing of the wagon aud j>eer out into the night, but could distinguish nothing except Jliat the streets were dark and narrow. Chance <»f escape there was none, had my condition been ever so favorable to the attempt After a journey which seemed to me " interminable, the wagon came to a stop, and we were taken out in a dreary spot down the river, on the Middlesex, shore, and, as I believe, .somewhere opposite Greenwich, for I perceived the roofs of many houses backed by rising ground, which I supposed to belong to that place. Here we had but little time for looking around us, but were at once huddled into a l>oat, like a flock of animals destined for slaughter; and as the rowers' cars dipped slowly illio the river, I eould but tliink of that other boat in which wc were'all of us destined to journey, and that it might be better for most of us were we but shadows hastening to the lower world under the grim convoy of Charon. A little way ahead of us me saw the stem of a large vessel, with lights binning dimly in the faint glimmer of early momting. This ship was our destination. We were handed up the ladder, and conducted to a dismal region called the orlop dock, lighted only by padlocked lanterns, and with no ventilation save from the hatchways. Here we were ordered to shake down as best we might, amidst a company of above a hundred recruits, and an allowance of hot coffee and ship-biscuit was served out to such as liad the capacity to eat. I had none, nor any inclination to stir from the spot where I had placed myself. I lay in my hammock staring blankly before ine, with such a sense of anguish as was even yet new to me. Until this period 1 must have hoped, or my present despair couid scarce have been so pjxifouud, I listened idly to the perpetual tramp of hurrying feet, the roar and clamour of preparation above my head; aud yet not quite idly, for I knew tliat every movement of those eager sailors hastened the ship tliat was to cany me from all X loved. The sun rose as the vessel weighed anchor, and the scene on the orlop deck, as the glorious eastern light streamed in upon n« through the open hatchways, would need the pencil of Mr. Hogarth to depict. Invalid^ wretches groaning in their narrow liaiiunocks, or stretched 011 the bare .planks, soldiers and recruits for the most part half-drunk and already bawling for more liquor. wJiilc some determined gamblers liad contrived to settle to a game of cards, with tlic top of au empty cask for their table. On evcrv side riot, infusion, squalor, and debauchery,- while above us rose the mellow sound of the sailor's voices siugmg as they weighed the anchor. " We're off, Bob," cried Ihy,ma loud cheer raug out from the deck: " toodhye, mother country, and bad luck to you' JVo cruel stopdame over treated her bmts ivcisc than you've Served me; and I wish you no good at parting, except that, you may be wli enough to provide a gallows for one gentleman of my acquaintance. ''^"Bob chcQr no things maytft be quite as-bad .-w they seem. There are fortunes^ be pickS up ; out yonder by clover fellows, and who knows but you and I iijiay Wvc tmr ich&fice; ? ^ep begumrng tbe world like new-born I turned from him, sick at heart, and buried W fly* m my mexgre blankct sobbing aloud les, I nnd hoped until now. I had I believed that some event- nay, even a nnmclo fmm Heaven itself—must befall to Mve m 0 from tins hapless fate; an«l now I knew tlZ hZ ^ M 1 ^ ^ ^tatiom friendl S eountey mM alike lost to me, 4 c w^cj *' &r; tUe s eoond tim 0 , Ib B gan the '/ u d MV HONOIUDLE MA8TI5HS. Now followed u.piwaago of my life so long and dreary, a poriou ofsucli utter and hideous monotony, that the memuryof it is rather like Oike confused recollection of a processionof )j nightmare-dreams than of an actual experience * y in tliis waking world. For ten' months bur ship ploughed the waters, touching at Madeira, and tlio Gape, where we were not allowed the privilege of going on shore. For the greater part of a year We wretches lay crowded together in our miserable cavernous abode on tlio orlop deck—or snatched a brief relief from gloom and suffocation at such times as the captain graciously allowed us to take the air on the booms, or when we took it in turns to sliarc the seamen's watch, but for whiqh respite from the sickening odours of that Gehenna below, we must assuredly liave perished. No words can toll how we suffered ; and if the helpless African bondsmen in the middle passage endure more than wc did, man's cruelty to his fellow-men is indeed an illimitable quantity. Our quarters were of the closest, our food of the roughest; water was doled out to us by the veriest thimblefuls ; the atmosphere wc breathed was a compound of foulest stenches ; the very pigs and poultry—-narrow as was the room allowed them—fared better than we. And this slow torture lasted for ten months. Brief was the excitement which the sight of land afforded to us; 'twas a bitter, desperate kind of pleasure, a very passion of longing and despair, like tliat of a lover who snatches one fond look at the mistress who can never be his. To this day I can recall the violent tlirobbing of my heart as, through the thick haze of evening, Madeira rose upon onr larboard bow, and wc poor wretches crowded together at the bulwarks and almost fought for a sight of tliat strange island. 'Twas a mouth after this tliat a slioal of dolphins played round the ship; and as these fttje audliappy creatures sported in the sun, I could but remember the legend of Arion, and long for some friendly monster whose scaly back might bear me to the shore. Alas, the days of fable are long gone, and the gods come no more upon earth to rescue man from his fellow-man's oppression! We had not been long afloat before my fever left me, still very feeble and unlike my former self, but no ionger on the sick list. The first business of my convalescence was to obtain the means of writing—which I accomplished with some difficulty, so scant were the accommodations of these dismal quarters. Provided at last with these, I penned a long letter to Lady Barbara, detailing the story of my capture, and describing my present miserable condition, L besought her by the love she had borne my father, by her Christian pity for undeserved misfortune, to attempt my early rescue from a fate so hopeless. I warned this generous friend tliat tile same treachery which had compassed my ruin woidd blacken my character, and that slanders the most plausible would be invented to rob me of her confidence; and then followed the incoherent entreaties of despair, passionate lamentations, wild messages of affection for the beloved girl I had for over lost, which, iu some small measure, relieved an overcharged heart and brain. Tliis letter I directed uuder cover to the milliner in Loi% Acre, and having secured it, placed the packet in my waistcoat pocket, iu readiness for auy homeward-bound vessel with which our caj'tain might exchange greetings. Day after day, week after week, I watched and waited for the friendly sail that was to convey this letter, and my heart sickened as the days wore out, and no vessel came within hail of us. Nor was this all; for on one occasion I endured the sharper agonies of disappointed hope, when, on oiu- captain hailing a trading-vessel, she turned out to be a brig laden with Spanish wine, and hound for the Mauritius. We had been more than six niontlis afloat when the opportunity I so longed for at last arrived in the shape of a hoiuoward- bound Indiamau, to which the cutter was speedily * despatched with a couple of officers. I was not the only one among the recruits eager to send liome some greeting; but when I and half a dozen others crowded to the open hatchway and besought the captain to despatch our letters, the kindly gentleman laughed us to scorn. Did wc think lie could trouble himself with the whims and humors of such dirt? And what liad wc to write about, pray? Complaints of our treatment, no doubt, which <would only make mischief at home, and rob the Honorable East India Company of good soldiers. No," cried the captain, " I know what a sot of lying, ungrateful rascals you are, and you shall send noiie of your lies to England by my help." This speech the skipper liberally garnished with such blasphemies as were the salt of his daily discourse, and then roared to one of his men to shut down the hatchway and drive that vermin into their holes. There is uo despot so awful as the tyrant who reigns upou his own quarter-deck. Against his cruel will there is no resistance except crime, and to oppose his hellish tyrauny is ; to bo at once involved iu rebellion and bloodshed. The spark of mutiny is a fire tliat spreads swift as flame among the parched jungle-grass of the' Sunderbunds, and I knew tliat it would need but little to stir that idle Pandemonium between decks into an active Inferno. Nor was the skipper a person of small importance in the social scale. Eastward of the Cape this Company's captain took precedence of a captain in His Majesty's navy aiid he and his brother captains had a seat at the council board, at any of the Presidencies they might happen to be at. I crept back to my hole with the other vermin, and lay there as desolate as, and more desperate than Job; for 1 needed 110 tempter to bid me curse God and die. I think at this tiino my sufferings had banished all Christian feeling from my mind; and if 1 endured life when self-murder seemed a relief so easy, it was from no faith iu the 1 )ivine Providence, 110 fear of the Almighty wrath, but from the one savage, hope that, in some time to come, when my cup of anguish had been drained to the very dregs, Fate would give me the opportunity of being revenged on the author of my misery. After the captain's refusal to send mv letter I abandoned myself utterly to despair, and fell into a state scarcely less degraded fcliau that of my companions. Like them, I no longer kept count of the wretched days ;, like them, I slept a dull dreamless sleep through the dreary nights ; like them, I ate aud drank the scanty portion given to me with the appetite of some half-savage beast; like them, 1 forgot the existence of a better world than this floating hell, and blasphemed the God who ruled above, that happier cartlb And thus the time went past us somehow ; iu days that had far less of colour ami variety than the waves that rolled against our creaking timber,-;; iu nights that were darker than the storm-clouds that brooded over our vessel between the Cape aud Ceylon ; until one dull stormy morning there rose the cry of land, and a friendly sailor told us tliat the temple of Juggernaut was visible about fifteen miles to the north-west. Every creature among our luckless herd felt a curiosity to behojd this first spectacle which our new country ottered us. We crowded to the hatchway, and iu the confusion of the moment were suffered to gaze our fill. Dimly discernible to the naked eye appeared the dark outline of a pagoda which, at that distance, seemed not unlike a huge church tower. Beruier's Trorch had made; me familiar with the monstrous worship that prevails in this temple of the Indian Moloch, the road to which for fifty miles is bestrewn with bleaching boucs and rotting carrion, ami I felt that the shrine of a religion so ghastly was a fitting object to greet my eyes at the end of this fatal voyage. " Would to Heaven I could believe iu the Brahmin's Paradise, aud after steeping my senses in some maddening spirit, cast myself beneath the wheels of the monster god's triumplial car !" I said to myself, as I stood among the squalid crowd, gazing at that dim outline in the distance. (To k' continued.) 