THE PRESENTATION CONVENT. A RECPTION OF CLOTHING On Thursday morning another of these very imposing and religious ceremonies took place at the Church of the Apostles, when Miss Honorine Beechinor took the religious habit and was admitted a mem ber of the conmmnity of the Presentatiotn Convent, Launceston. Miss Beechinor is niece of His Lordship the Bishop of Ho- bart Town, the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, and of the Lady Superioress of the Presentation Convent ; and is a sister of the Reeds. D. F. X. Beechinor, and M. J. Beechinor, and of Sister Frances Xavier, all of whom were present and took part in the ceremony. The mornng was beautifully fine, and as might have been anticipated the hand- some Church of the Apostles was crammed to excess, and as sixpence each was charged for admission, the Convent funds benefited greatly thereby. Everything had been prepared in the church for the occasion. In front of the grate at the chancel rails, a carpet had been spread for the convenience of the postulant, and her robe, bolt, veil, man- tie, were placed in silver baskets on a bench at the grate, and two rows of seats near the chancel had been kept for the accommodation of the community. Shortly after 11 o'clock the organ, un- der the manipulation of Miss Dowling, pealed forth the opening notes of the hym "O Gloriosa Virginium," and a procession emerged from the sacristry ; the choir, a very efficient one, which was under the conductorship of Mr Roper, proceeding with the hymn. The proces- sion was as follows :-Eleven acolytes, followed by nine clergymen, viz., Very Rev. Vicar-General (J. W. Dunne), Deans Butler and O'Connell, Revs. J. T. Woods, J. Feehan, D. F. X. Beechinor, M. Keohan, M. J. Beechinor, T. Kelsh ; then the Bishop with his pas- toral staff, followed by two little girls attired in bridal array, called "bridal angels," the cross-bearer (Miss Hadfield), also in bridal costume ; four more bridal angels, three nuns, the postulant, ele- gantly dressed as a bride, the rear being brought up by three more of the com- muity. All in the procession had lighted tapers, and passed up the left aisle in front of the organ, down the middle aisle to the chancel, which was entered by the acolytes antl the clergy, the Novice taking up her position at the grate in a kneeling posture, with the "bridal angels" and nuns ranged in suitable positions in proximity. Tihe service then commenced, His Lordship the Bishop acting as celebrant, and wearinig his jewelled mitre and the magnificent cope which he wore at the Ecurmenical Council. The Revs. M. J. Beechinor and John Feehan acted as Deacon and Sub.Deacon respectively, wearing splendid vestments recently ob- tained from Rome ; and the Rev. D. F. 'X. Beechinor acted as Master of Cere- monics. Several prayers having been duly said by the Bishop, he blessed a candle and presented it to the postu- lent saying: "Receive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light as an em- blem of the inward light, to dispel all thie darkness of ignorance or error, that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wisdom, with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth with God the Father, in the unity of God the Holy Ghost, world without end." THE SERMON The Rlev. J. T. Woods then ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent and impressive discourse from St. Luke's Gospel i, 73 and 74, (Douay version)- "That being delivered from the hands of our-enemies we may serve Him without fear. , In holiness and justice be- fore Him all our days." After glancing at * the occasion on which the words of the text wore. spoken--the presentation of Christ in the Temple-and by whom, and -referring to the depth of the love and gratitude expressed in them to God when ,Simeon saw the Lord brought into the Temple, and the fulfilment of the promises Smade so long before to Abraham, he went;. on to say that e Simeon Thad spoken the words on the occasion of .nwhat was thought to be restoration in .Israel of the only true and living God, but :he:was unconsciously speaking of the res storation of those things in a way then iunhoped for, in a way the world but little. dcesired, in a way which .tended to glorify God b and to sanctify souls. The rev. gentleman then ,proceeded to review the manner in which vthe. stupendous work of redemption was ifulfilled, and how difficult it was for poo wplo of that day to realiso that thie conso oquences of sin should be nullified by the incarnation of Jesus Christ. Fo then " remarked upon the ceremony of -the day, and said the object for which :they assembled on that occasion was one wlluch surely must he regarded as out of hkeeping with the ideas and theories cur rent inr what led boon called thlese days of enlightenment and civilisation ; out of keeping with the thoughts of the world, because it could not recognise, could not understand the meaning of th " sacrifice, as they called it. They of the nineteenth century, with its advanced civilisation, could not under stand it ; their thoughts were wholly engrossed with the pleasures and riches of the world, while this ceremony was of a totally diflerent character. It was rare that in this land they found any dedi cating themselves to live for and serve God, and to load a life of labor to benefit God's poor, but though this was an age ofprograss, and though civilisation was never Uore advanced, there never was a time perhaps when such a sacrifice, if it might be called that, was more needed, when such a noble protest against the follies of vite world came with greater effect tltan at the present. For though the world prided itself upon its advance ment, they might look with horror upon theiamount of ignorance and crime winch prevailed. It was to remedy some of this that such sacrifices as that theywore about to witness-an example of a noble and courageous soul willing to give up the pleasures of society, of the world, willing to sever those associations and connections of home and kindred, that a little might be done to alleviate the'distress which the sorrowful wailings of a wicked irorld proclaimed to exist. Some would say is it not hard ned un natural to aess the young renounce the world I He could understand that. The world lad no sympathy with the object in view; but he would not suppose thss present that day were of steilar opinions, ' but would' recognise in the act of that day the act of a soul filled with courage, devotion, and the will to serve God. Thepreacher then proceeded to glance at the motivas which mustlinducealhristian to take upon her such vois, and said the call of (od must be really recognised for the step tobs taken. The call might come liker the call of God to Samuel in the temple, at a time unexpected. It might be misunderstood, but like as when Samuel on enquiry found that the call camem not from earth but from above hIe at once obeyed, so with sues calls now. They might he misunderstood, and for a time thought hard, and perhaps rejected, but again they came and were then complied b with. The path of duty might be in remote parts of the world where the missionary exposed himself to death with no other weapon than the crucifix; or on the battle field to give solace to the dying; to bind the wounded spirit and comfort the do parting soul; it might be in the loathsome gaols and hospitals, in a life of auste rity ;- but whichever the path, the following of it was the result of the same feeling-love to God, and it was this love to God which prompted the present eanri fico. The rev. gentleman then proceeded with an earnest exhortation to the postu lant, and prayed that those who lihad soon the coummencement of the sacrifice that day would also see the end of it, when all should be irradiated in the presence of Jesus Christ in his glory for all eternity. At the close of the sermon his lordship proceeded with the ceremony. The Rev. Suporioress having raised the postulant from her seat, she and the mother-as sistant conducted her to the rails, where the bishop proposed the questions : ify child what do you demand 7 The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mother and sisters. Is it with your free willand consentyou demand the habit of religion ? Yes, my Lonl. The Bishop (to the rev. Superioress)- Rev. Mother, have you inquired into the other points necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied 1 Yes, my Lord. The Bishop--My dear child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient strength to bear con stantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of God alone The Novice-Rolying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, Ihope to o able to do so. The Bishop-What God has commenced in you may he himself perfect. May the Lord banish from you the old man with his works. The postulant then proceeded to the sacristy to change her secular dress, and during her absence the choir beautifully chanted "Ist critlIsrael," and " Laudate Pueri," and the Bishop blessed her outer dress, which was convoyed to ,the sacristy. After a quarter of an hour's absence the postulant re-entered and the choir commenced the antiphon Qlue est iota-" Who is slh that cometh up from the desert, flowing with delights, leaning upon her beloved I Thou art all fair, my beloved, milch and beautiful. Come my spouse, from Libanus : come from Libanns ; come, thou shalt "be crowned." The postulant, after the cus tomary prayers, was presented by the rev. Supersorcss with the cincture (or girdle) and remaining part of the dress, the celebrant saying " When thou wast younger, thou did'st gird thyself and did'st walk where thou would'st; but when thou shalt be old, another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father &o.;" The Bishop afterwards conferred the name in religion of the novice, Sister Columba, when the choir chanted Regnu?e mtuuidi; and the novice having been raised by the mother assistant retired a few paces from the rails, and sang Erictavit cor mieum, verbunt bonuns; dieo ego opera, mea regi ; the choir responding Quem vidi quem amani, in quem credidi, quenm dileri, &e.; The novice then prostrated herself on the floor, and the choir sang Veisi Creator Spiritus. Further prayers followed, and the Bishop sprinkled the novice with holy water; after which she rose and saluted in turn the community. Ecce Quem Bonum, Deus Mieseratur, and other psealms followed, the episcopal benediction was pronounced, and the procession reformed andfiled into the sacristy inthe sameorder as it had entered. The postulant throughout tihe long service was perfectly composed, but rather pale and exhausted at the end. The usual dejeuner was served up in the convent afterwards. 