IIEBBBM.' .--nBmr- A deputation representing the ViQtorian Ship Burner of Customs on Tuesaayt,and with reference, to toe,inte»tien of the department .to oonstrhbt' Inottwrioordfcin theYarrafcifrsht df toe newwharflf id-to' "tend a'Jdfodg#:$b Qeelocg,. nfidbtt a dredge amid; iii be ibared, "mad that if a nvwhefjdap were constructed without first; widening the river so as to allow rbpmfor tveteels ' to s wmg jthejhipping interest tebhW be seriously damaged . jilt. " Cohen said that three dredgeB wStira be available for the Yarra fa a < Bhfat time, ifadtefthirtgard to the widenihg of ; the river? that he would ask the chief harbourmaster to repor Op the subject before he oare to a, decision.' ,Th0" Oommissioner of Ctistotas, inre'ply to a question put in the AwcuibleP iUoSdsy with rapeotrto the confiscation of certain goods arising 4Ut f an attempt made by Mepsrs.qallaghan _ ? « ni LAI< nn slinn ' imnAufra R1i«aftAT.H etVtoTfraudulent enteieeWtfce Otf stems, gavw the following answer i— " The legal points raised afihinst the confiscation bftft6tgeods seized by thief' Customs : from Messrs, Bpdggood and ftauderoombe, boot and shoe importers, having been abandoned, the goods, consisting' of twenty- eight trunks of boots and shoes, valued, at 1 £740, have beeh forfeited to the Grown. Mtasfa. Gal- laghhn and Oo. have paid k fineof'dBlOO." . A ctrrious instance of how unconcernedly some persbns Joan take things which would throw others into a condition of mental excitement and bodily activity has been furnished at Sandhurst. On Sunday last six 11 yonng Children'- went into the bush brauherry gathering, and did not return up till night came on $ " but," says the report of thej Independent, " the night being very dark, it was not deemed advisable to oommenqe a search for the lost ones until daylight." Theeelessttes of going to look for them was illustrated by the faot fchat when the youngsters feuBd themselves losr, they "oooeved" so lustily that a wobdeplitterj found them uud took care of them vin his hut aft night, where they were found in the morning by their " anxious" parents and friends. I . Tho report of the valuators appointed to assess the Ooborg road district has fully established the assertions made that the rates were sufficient to enable the Minister to proclaim the district A separate shire, in accordance with the wishes of the inhabitants, as the net value of the rateable property in the dietriot is fonod to be£lG,046 5s. At the City Court on Tuesday Edmund Telford Gedye, a tohaooonist at Richmond, was charged on summons with receiving a quantity of tobacco and cigars to the value of about £200, knowing " the same to have been stolen from the premises of Charles Partridge, a tobaoc merchant carry ing on business in Russell street. It will be rej- membered that some time ago several men were oonvioted and sentenced at the General Sessions for breaking into Partridge's platfe and stealing the goods. A portion Of these goods had been disposed of f»o Gedye by the prisoners. At the former trikl Gedye gave evidence of having bought the. tobaoco, and was one of the principal wit nesses against the prisoners then conviotep. Mr. Read appeared for the defendant. Mr. Sturt, previous to tho case boing heard, inquired whether there was any evidence against the de fendant exoopt that to be given by tho prisoners already undergoing sentence. On being answered in the negative, Mr. Sturt decided -to dismiss the case, as he thought it would bo a bad principle jto adopt to bring a case against a person who hj&d; been principal witness for the Orown in j a criminal oharge against men who were convicted. Early on Tuesday morning a fire broke out iq a four-roomed wooden cottage situated in Market street, Emerald Hill. A woman who lived in tjhe house adjoining was awakened soon after 2 o'clock by hearing the crackling of wood in the flauies, and immediately on discovering the adjacent premises were on fire gave the alarm, which was quickly responded to by the arrival of the Ideal and metropolitan brigades on the spot. Owing to tne comDUSiioie nature oi me uuua- ings the flames spread rapidly, and soon communicated with the next house, which together with that in which the fire ori ginated, was soon burnt down. The house in which the fire began belonged to a Mrs. Griffin, and was insured, together with furniture and effects, for £160. Tho other house, however was not insured, and consequently the tenant, as well as the landlord, Mr. Masnell, are losers by "the conflagration. Some suspicion has been aroused as to the origin of the fire, as Mm. Griffin happened to have left the house all day, , and gone on a visit to a friend. The woman living next door, however, stateB that she dis tinctly heard footsteps in the house about 12 o'clock at night. Diphtheria has carried off another victim at Coburg. On Tuesday afternoon a daughter of Mr. Greenwood, between three and four years old, died from this disease, and it is painful to state that Mr. Greenwood has his eldest daughter laid down with the same complaint. It is a question, whether or not the State school will be closed for a short time, aa three deaths have occurred within the last fortnight. j A man whose Iname is unknown, and who it is believed is a lunatic escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been frightening women and ohildren at Hawthorn and the neighbourhood by going about enveloped in a sheet and personating a ghost. One young girl named Brookfiield, a servant, was so frightened by his antics and appearance that she had a succession of fits and ' had to be sent home. The man has since then," it . is said, been found drowned in a waterholo, at Boroondara. j The Ballarat Courier reports that on Spnday morning a painful accident occurred to the daughter of Mr. O'Regan, Maoarthur Btreet, Soldiers' Hill. The child was being dressed by her mother, end running about as usual, whbn she fell over a kettle of boiling water and was s6, severely scalded that she died on Monday from theeffeot. " I -The Courier states that at a numerously- attended meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, held at Oraig's hotel (Mr. R. Le Poor Trench, jchair- man), ' On Mcwday-aftocnoon, it was "unanimously1 resolved : — " That the committee be authorised by this meeting to hold a lottery on the art- union principle, the capital of which shall be £10,000, in 10,Q00 tickets' of £1 each, iq aid of the funds of the clubhand to pay off the dobtr Uow existing: all details tobo left to the com- v snittoe." The fraudulent eiroamstences Connected with thUSfl'O&lled; BidJar&tArt- unionare; to he tyeught tmfier t ho notice of t he Leerislativo Assembly net Tuesday. Tho .propriety of action being taken v . gainst the magistrates who have given their per- ' mul countenance to tho soandal iitQ bt urgdjSP1 the little grassy reserve this side the Honr Bay Railwayune in Flfadert street, between Russell and Spring streets. Driven from the kmblicparks end gardens by the jterrikina, the Children of respeofcabte ; people km tetelyusedi jthiilittle reserve for their, fan. jnby jwere not allowed any peaoe; thelarrikins found (them opt, and oh Sunddy ' ltotawe?e masterti of jthe situatibh,hith(!iy hhd" WibUsly - bben 4ntoe parks. Youftg girls were jcitftedy and old -men; ' were stoned, and the larrikins oontusd ihsiy j ruffianly conduct until, aU.bnt rtbemselveB were i obliged to leave the reserve. ' One gehtlbmah 1 went to procure the services of h x oonstebte, but after proceeding a oonsidemble 1 distsnoe was oomi pelled to give up the search in -despair An amusing Btory is told ty tW JPf«w«»? Greek News of two residents of the distriet who had spent a day on business, and .avywrtion of the night in (l eooial interpoiwae," at StewelL ,, When muvj auMicu iur uutup yuoj. whioh "were, used to Ihoh yrorkr to' take their own road ; but, says the acboorit, "unfortunately, in the dark each had mounted the other'a horse, and when the spouse of AIr.rose on hearing the well-known sound of old Surpfoot'a hoof, and wept to admit her husband, she found a stranger. H>r trouble was in no way lessened when she lound that A. was unable to explain, and in foot fell hut asleep in a chair as soon as he entered the house. Meanwhile)A, Jaed even worse. Re jogged along on his friendVpony until hp reached the letter's residence, and pulled up in due oourse before the door. Mrs. B., however, as a lady of spirit, felt it Inoumbent upon her to punish drunkenness in her spouse, and before her sup posed husband had tame to netioe that he was in -a strange country, die belaboured him soundly ! with a stout switoh. He roared lustily, and be- 1 oame almost sober by the time that his assailant ! discovered her mistake, and mingled her apologies ; with inquiries for her missing lord. Messrs. A. and B. have since arranged that .they will never again ride hones of thfywme colour when coming' to Stpwell to spend the' evening." The police court investigation into the Morning- ton murder was commenced at the local oourt on1 Saturday, when the mai Shanahan, or Shannon, was charged with the crimo. A great nupaber of witnesses, were examined, whose evidence was en tirely circumstantial, and added nothing to the faots already published! The prisoner was un« defended, and cross-examined the witnesses at some length. The. osse stands adjourned antil next Saturday. Five dissolate women, named Polly Lane, Catherine Fitzgerald, Elizabeth Hurst, Annie Grant, and Maria M'Gregor, were charged at the City Court on Monday with having no visible lawful means of support. It was proved that Lane kept a house of assignation, which was frequented by the other prisoners. On Saturday night last, about half-past id o'olook, they were all arrested in the house, which is situated in Lonsdale street east, and oonveyed to the city lock-up. Several constables and Sergeant Dalton gave the women very bad characters, and stated that the house had often been complained of. The Bench, after giving the usual reprimand, discharged the woman Fitzgerald, as she had been in service for some time, and had only lately returned to a vicious life. The other four wwre sentenced to one month's imprisonment each. Particulars of a suicide at sea were given in the Sydney Horning Herald of the 10 th inst. " The brig Neptune, whioh arrived yesterday from Mauritius, sailed on the 4th July in command of Captain Downer. On the lith the captain, who had for three days previous exhibited signs of insanity, was seen to jump overboard. A life buoy was instantly thrown to him, of which he appeared to take no notice, when a boat was promptly manned and lowered, the crew suc ceeding in picking Captain Downer up in a very exhausted state, and conveying him on board % but the exertions of his shipmates were unable te waaf-Awa Viim avis? TaA flYlAvt.1v ft ft: A ATfliVAfl TYU chief officer, Mr. Anderson, under the circum stances determined to retur&to; Port Louis, where the brig arrived on the 17th July, the body of Captain Downer being conveyed ashore mid buried the following day.M Towards the latter . end of August last an in- j queBt was held by Mr. Candler, at Kensington, upon the body of an old man who was found dead in the waitingroom of the Newmarket' Railway station, and of whom nothing could be definitely discovered at the time. Since the inquest, however, inquiries have been instituted whioh leave no doubt as to his identity. It appears that the deceased was a man named William Soollard, and had been to Mrs. Brown's registiy office, Bourke street, a few days previous to his death, where he engaged through her to go to Mr. MacBain's Btation,- near Benalla, as cook. At the time of his engaging he had no money to pay the ubuoI fee, and therefore gave Mrs. Brown an IOU for 5s., which he signed .William Soollard. Mrs. Brqwn also gave the deceased a letter to fir. MaoBain, " which was discovered upon himj together with another from Mr. James AHsuty, certifying to his J good Conduct for- three months whilst in that gentleman's employ. - David Einc?id, a resident of Connewarre, seems (says the . Geetong Advertiser) to be doomed to misfortune. About « two years ago . ho was sold out of his farm at Lovely Banks, got run over by a - waggon, rbr<&e; ,his thighs, and had to take refuge fa theJ pospital. His limbs were patohed up, but on emerging from the institutiop Kincaid found that his wife, family, ancU pomu other effects had been appropriated by his man servant. Twice he tried at the' Connty Court to 'recover his property minus Mrs! Kfaeaid, but on each oocasioh ho proved unsuooesaful. On Friday last he was breaking in « yptmg horse, when he re ceived a kiok. on. the ankle of the most damaged of biB limbs, and fa consequence of a sprain hod to return to the hospital, where he now lies. From private letter received by the French , war steamer Cher, we (Sydney Morning Herald) learn that the schooner Zephyr, conppanded by Captain Dawso, wae attaoked by the natives of Apii, one of the: lavigatar Islands. Captain Dawson's second Son, Aged seventeen years, and one of the orew, were miirdered, andithe baptain nfowly escaped with bis life. , , The mate of another small vessel was bIbo killed at the same island. He, Was quite a young man, and had only recently been married to a lady sit Adelaide. By the Jessie Kelly, whioh arrived. A Sydney pn Saturday: from rlew Caledonia, .we (Sydney Morning HeratS) hav£i receded a fe# additional particnlars. pf the rodent jn4urder? sit Apii. It am/eam that the captain > of tpo JSepkys? sent Xty?) bhat, oontafaiifa hit g®? ; \- I afteTianding thi Welo MfafkUled. - Captain Dawaonnn iessLifagJ knelanoholy news, went oshorej apcopnpaaiMl by i the orews of the other vessels whioh were there, jbtit the murderers hod flsdj talring bodies jrf Ihter vfotons. Captain Hebrides on riie4th Asdst. - vMr - n bna \- A ilfatneretis teid> idflueatsal wee "vf &ei; ratepaySawof Bofake Wasdwas!held eMilSAideFi in Xhe Uiemy, lactate, William t nondliiatl ashisflF ifepriestntative In fftrh CodhriI.T DrKhaggs tif Voted to thekfrf itwtounammoosiy agreed thatadepUtKP; tha mating jhonjd at plaped his sbrvioes at the disposal df the ristP payers.' ' 1.0 Regarding the Caitfornian mWii -contntet, the Sydney Morning Herald says : — " The Post master-Gfaneral has received py telegram, via Melbonrnq, an intimation from . Mr.'Vogel that Mr. Russell has beeh appointed! to visit SydneV and confer with this Go vernmeht on toe snbjeos of the Oalifornian mail service. He will probably arrive here next week per R.M& Maqgregor, We may. also, state that there need benp doubt regarding there being a steamer to cohv.ey the mails ibds month to Ban FraiiciflCo. Rumo'ifrS h'aye been current that New Zealandwsas>fikely to join faterests with Viotoria in ooeamtoaiF.oppy tracts, And that if the fomier.polpnjundtok W fcans-Pacific service, the terminus .will be atMeT- bourne. f There are . at ' present no ' grounds tS warrant this toppositioh/jtidgirig0 frotti Jthe that Mr. Russell isooming kere to confer about the future of tbe line. But, even suppbring thatjthe rumours were well founded, itis ; ye?y question able if the isolation of New Sout WaJto Would not then prove most advantageous to , bur" in terests. The weakest point in the 'Hall ContraPtj was that which compelled large ocean steamsrn to perform a costel servioe f or the other oontraot-j .fag oolony—thersby necessitating a larger num- : bpr of .vessels being . -employed, and constantTyj joopardiflin the whole pf the arrangements by any sooident to the branch boat. This colony took the initiative in establishing a trans-Paoifi( mail route, the interests of his port, demand fa continuance, the word of jthe Ministry is pledgee to maintain it, and we, believe that in doinj so they will receive the cordial sup port of nine-tenths of their constituents , Whatever may have been the shortcoming 1 of the temporary oontraot, we believe it can b s shown, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it wa 1 the means of circulating in this city twice tn > amount received as subsidy. There is no necessity that we shall again go beyond our own bordereoto . seek for contractors fa the event of what is knownv as Use -permanent contract not heinp taken uji. There is sufficient energy and capital in the city to undertake the sorvioe, add give It a "pe: manenoe and a character snch as few fdrei| & proprietaries eould secure for it. Erents whi< h have recently transpired will make travelle '8. chary about whom they pay for passages ifthore is the slightest possibility of any such failure as that whioh left some per Tartar in a strange isify with worthless tickets, and without the means pf - obtaining others to secure conveyance to their destination." . j . The full meaning of the Portland catastropne is painfully realised by a glance at a photograph of the Burns brothers, which has just been issued. The lads are taken without their coats, and fcbW appear, the elder one with his arms Cut off within a few inches of the shoulder, and his brother with the left hand only lost, but the right arm gone' at the same i place : as fas brother's. . There isj a remarkable resemblance between the two sufferejrs, who are both very intelligent and interesting- looking lads. The portraits are accompanied with a view of the mill in whioh the aooident occurred, . ana are so ne obtained from Mr. iNeeaham bookseller, of Bourke street east. J Application has been made to tho Attorney- General by the secretary of the BallaraV Turf Olub (Mr. Moore) for permission to hold ah' arj> union lottery for the liquidation Of the labilities of the club. ' When the application wa;;nrSt made it wasntatedlhat the lottery would .ponkist "purely of. works .of art," but the Attors ey- General, considering this too vague, reqtii red Mr/Mooreto specifically state whafr the hrafti of art to be disposed of would -consist! This hgs -been rione, and the Attorney-General has gnu ted., the customary dispensation for a lottery, to o >m- prise "pictures, paintings, statuary, mid sta tuettes." 1 j-i- 'i A peculiar and melancholy suicide is reported' by the Avoca Free Press to have been committed ' by a married woman named Ellen -Norman. Her -> husband had noticed her to he strange fa he? con versation, and At her request, the daughter of a neighbour went on a visit to; keep her company while her husband was at his work. Op thS evening of the 8th Sirs. Norman walked -hi it of her house towards the creek, and btforeQfa girl could overtake her, Bhe had plunged- fat< 1 the. water and sank, immediately. jShe was tw intyi seven years of age, and the mother qffiye chili Iron, the eldest of whom is nine, yearn and ihie you lgest six months, -:o At thp General Sessions Oourt, which t( t on Saturday in appellate jurisdiction, ad appeal oasci Hughes . Hughes, against a derision o : the Riehmond benoh of magistrates, was. heed. The appellant (Zaohariah Hughes) had . been orlerea to pay £1 per ifeek for the support of wife, Margaret Hughes. The woman had been oon vioted and sentenced to twelve mbdthe imprison- \- ment for bigamy, she having been alleged to have married Hnghes while her first husband, one John Henry Moore, was still alive. Shcf now alleged that she bad never been marripd to Moore, although she had lived with him. Moore, however, although in oourt when she wasTtyied, was not examined, and his Honour considered that- faot to allowed toe appeal. The case of a young rpmah named Kate Riohardson, sentenced lately to mie, month's imprisonment for keeping a hdhse of 01 fame in Gertrude street, Fitzroy, was: alsolWct1 on, but wab postponed, pending toe jjfeftn of' the Bxenutive Council 011 an application f orbits mission pf sentenoe. " ; ,:J v.a A strange dispovery of treasure is ?eppijtod%C Xhe'ShoaViaven News. A few dare ago, > Jflftrb , men, wore Removing a portion of ttr. Borry's premises at Ooolahg&tta;, fair to# urposo of effecting some improvements andtedfflc ih the pot of , lowering a wall-plate they were aoi innhat eiartled Ity a ehbwer Of IPoee toveretgns, whioh oamo down "furfoue turn balm " r< l' -t) fa- j 1 5-4 00 tfiiiU I trri£ Tfae sovereigni, whioh are all of the old lglish 13,00ft inuupiber sfndfahte4g I ;,Thuihdn employed xm toe Emus and Ch&efrr; |i#Hon aqueduotcqjtyactj havq,po| y rttoen. Mi.. fcmqpey due to them. - fabled a motion affirming thatjj dnrtjBrt opinion trf (the House, it ie toe duty of to pay the workmen without any j Mr. Kerf erd oontends he .is, stojbthat motion from taking any actum trntfl Hie House ai&ed; it, more pifrffeiafaty 'Af oltotioafs have%een raised by eeveral famwr WwribereitoMie Government interfering fa jaoy j oontractoM and their stage of affairs. , A petition wae. entrusted to far. M'Lellan for presentationn tDe ABsembiy xues- dtyj hut as ifcjprityed the1 HoaSe W make npay menf Of money it cfoqld not' be reoeired. The petition emanated from a public meeting of the business people and .working. men lately employed on toe works. l?be petition concludes with the prayer that the House will look into their case mid see that the wages due be paid as quiokly as possible, together with some compensation for loss qf time and expenses Incurred in law proceedings, deputations, eto. They also remind the-House toat the ptiblio has got toeir work, and that the fiOUSe represents the public, and therefore will eee the justioe pf complying with the prayer, etc. Representatives from the Greenaborough Road Boara waited upon the Ooinmissioner of Railways Und&jadB;,; Tiiesday/andWked that thSir;diStriot might not lw' joined to the Wbittiesea-Road Board, to form a new ehire as was proposed ip. the Local Government Billj, s there was np cqnimon in terest between them, and' their natdral' boundaries 'precluded', proper- inter- communication. Mr. Gillies held out no hope of alWring matters Us -they stood, as it was necessary to db away with wery email separate districts. _ , The; resistance offered by the captain of, the , American ship Arcturus to the police was' Alluded to in ihe' Assembly on Thursday.' A quertTon was BBked by as hon. member whether it wub tree that the police, -when they boarded the sfap a second time to arrest the mate, carried withthism A letter from the American consul addressed, to the captain. The inference sought to be dfawu from this was that the resistance of the captain to the authorities wopjd have been continual hut for the advice of the Amerioan consul put Mrs. .Keijford explained that when the arrest1 of top ' mate was" first mooted, he waa 00 mnrohieAted witfi5 by Captain Standish, and it was at his requdskrthat Captain Standish, ; as a pttor0 of courtesy, wrote to toe consul, tq jaoquain|t him wifh, the action proposed to be takisli. The American constat, he was informed, "ffid"writ# to the captain, but the natnrof the conflfainicatioti he had no knowledge-ufi - The captain -was Ar- fested about I a.m« onThufpda morning, Ak Wil- iiamstown, but liberated on hail to appear at the polbe.court to answer the chsu-ge of resisting the : police, and Mr. Herferd whs infoi&ed1; he had hebi fined fa the frill penalty of £20.¥" 1 ' ' | The1 news which reached ' toe oolony tho Other day that two valuable English import Bbeep, en route to New Zsaland, had died atrHobart Town fnomfoot and moiith dieease,lias caused some u|o- easiness among our flockowners, ande matter was brought undbthe nofiee rof the Government by Mr. Simson, in the Legislative Gounoil, 3Smrs-, . day, when, fa reply to Aquretion put by toe hon. member, the Gcmmusripner of Fahfio Works sid . that .he would Bubmit to his oblleagues the pro- priety ef iBsuingriamation prohilntmg rtaiok enfceririg fatoVictoriifrom NeW Zealand nxdil toe New Zealand Government hare prohibited , the importation of stock from Englapd. . ..I embryo bprglara was biroughthefbre theOity Bench WednesdSy.cnargedwith befagih a public place with intent fa-rcommifA feloby. Serbeant Dslton save evidence to toe fact thAt ion Friday: night last he overheard;;a QonversAtlon between throe boys named FranoisJine, Edward O'Jtyan, and Reuben Hodge, who were ip a Ehahty0 inHayward lane. The boys " werer bohceitftig a plan 'for c6mmitting a burgfiry ia Gaittohi' and were heard by Dalton to faquire . of; jetoh : votoee whether Gonrtable Cquwuy ; was on the lao, ebotjt hWjriMw of nge,K, declaring .that he would not go without hia " neddy, . whrfthhe toeh' obtadfied. The boys Btarted on their expeditionfcdlowea by Dalton and a constable. Discovering that tjbey werq watched, the hbys SeparatBd, fait were attertrards arrested add- token to the wajch- house. ' ' On being searched : some poisajned meat, a jemmy, and brtAen lock were, foimd jppop the, prisoners.. . . A , , gentleman named Jones, who resides in Madeline street; Oatlon, said that on Wednesday -Isst- eeVerAldfSfei doga were pdlsbnbdand two ithetadied. Oh fiator- day he discovered that an. aviary belougfag to fam had been broken open and bixds etoln froih1 it. , , Thoiqck belonging to toe aviary, was sdbse queatly founcl upon dnt or tn# prisohers: The lads were all proved Vo hlkrrAnftoieves, the youngest of them being desoribed byBetjeant Ikdton as:hfahly . 'aeodmplished. The young bgf Ryan was sentenced to. two hours' impriionmept and three years in . top reformatory, the other two hoys beingent to prfton for two years, with htim labour. j f Mr. Bray, of Geelong, the winner-of the Second- prize gold vase in the late Befiaret iHnioa. Tuesday (says to® Story dft5 £600 lin ljeu of topyasq, and that smpunt'ilW.MBoid- >fagty handed over to him. The facky winnre, however, left of 4 £5 to be distri »uted amongst thdTour giris who presided at toe 1< >ttery boxes, the tobfr two fiaving, already reoei red a douceur from the winners of toe first prize. The Government propose to issue bridge and read construction orders foe six months only, in toe expectation that tiie Local Governmenjt Bill, will have passed the Legislature, and he m #P®m- tion by the beginning of next year; Sofae hon. members appear to doubi whether tola wili jbe so, and ahonld such a otmtingeney ansa .aaj'tue bur being delayed for some reason or otoert M£f GillieA said in the Assembly yesterday thai hQ jwopld; . introduce a short bill to make provision' |br top; issue, of such orders for tlfblve monriaii j The seoretary te tb Yiotoritn Siwflety »r tbe Prevention of Cruelty to Animate : J. R.' -Stewart) wasto# deffaidiuat, ThuraduymaUactifai At theCouirty Gfurt, where feawas sqed.Jjyl a maif, reoovpr £99 qamsgfe fpr false impriBonment. It , appeared that the defendant' hptioed M'Nally , driving a , horse iU Elizabeth street j which had a bandageTciround- one of its fetlocks. Mr. Stewart reoideriag; the horsp to faj lama, ' ' 'i0 I s .f .I . 1 1 )b ii'iv . J r.i-sr ' summoned instead of being MMMKogWteewll tb. honk j 4talfred:"RandeU reotk&gfaAnneron; Wednesdayeij5e oTaywito his two brothers at 8todyS22 unhioktly hehC6l aa swss&gaasfaayi; ifaoe into the mudun-toe-road, hterallyaffS!! : tighim heforenaid aeOuld u - Ihb 1»P r The.hody -of a woman, supposed to he W Jto, that of the unfortunate girl ito a ago pominittea suicide by jumpikg off pro,? Bridge, 'teas rebofbrld' frem toe f river nfarSI Queen's Wharf Thursday ?Afang|about5u,dS and conveyed to toe Morgue, where it now awfiti an inquest. The hody was much decqinoMS and has not yet been folly identified, . "'% Kmting tha OrnbM. tors and Bmlders' Association, waited UBoathii Minister of1 Lands on Wedneed&y;, and certain Hoencea ioned to perrena to quarrv limewt Geelongmight beiorfeited. MrvG.P Smith attend en behau of toe litnebtirnwi! The grounds urged on behalf of the oontraoibis were that the present company Of limBbnta. held all the available tend wmtrining fan»mE the Geelong BotanioAL Gardens, and for „ the mere purpose of keeping up a mooopolyjooo. pied ground that they put' to no maaner cTuw whatever. Mr. Ameas. further submitted thlt the. profits made by 'the 'iiitie burners were' out of all proportion to the capital invested and labour employed. The cost to the oompany for qoaov- ing, carting, and burning the stone, and puSng the. lime on board the vessel was li. 4|d. pfer ba the freight to Melbourne teas 5d. per bae and 2jd. was put down for the use of eato bee which hrougbt the coetof the lime to 2a. per W They soidit at 3a. fid. per beg and aa they buraed about 12,090 bogs per month, their .profits b&r; month were £900. Beyond this, however, the com pany Wade a farther gain of £350 per wgffi by reducing the bogs from three, to two and e half bnshels, and thus their total profits were £1,250 per month, or £I5J)00 ayear. But betides this Mr, Amess pointed out that the oompany had teosAy increased the cbarge for Hzhe to 4ti 6d pev 'toe. which had hrdught theteofite to £L8I)00 a yepi. Nominally, there were two companies, fait they were in reality only one,, as the jharehoidsri in . the one were also, shareholders in the other r It was further urged that the lime could be profit, ably solfi At 3s. pre bag, and thkt It teas a mions item fa the Pdbfio Works Departmentiwndifthe monopoly were terpken, dowp, bhe derertiaeat property of one pereohtoi giret towntthea The Umebnrners held lieenoes under toe ; Grown, pnd could only be &alt; th apperding to the condi tions of theiif licendbs. H it oonld be shown thlt they haR faAaohes of their licences, then he wotild befaa position to desl with them, but not teithout. So terMWthe monopoly teat bOnoeriied he ooedd not help fabat he mentioned tost aom more ground yfould shortly be thrown open, and would he let to the highest tenderer. With regard to the grinxnd now being worked, it wu-in the powre-of the Board of Land and Wfaki to redssue homos when they ' expired if it Wat ahown r,gka$ en publio grounds sulk notiou WM peoessju. . 7 Between the oontefcclora and the lipaeWierg s ritepoto has arsien, the latto?, appearmg.to mjoj acmopqly of themanufaotureof Ume, nomxheir Possession of toe onlv available 'hmekflAs-l the colony, viz., at Limeburners Point, fiteaGufld fa . moved for in Piha&enfc; by Mrffffinhre Id? into maMbn, 1 whicb teaw supplied enThumdty ty the Minister of LandLsU Tho ?samre fiti toehcimwei Are Messrs.; Y<1L Wisher, and' Vic- , toria Lime, and, Cement 'Cpmpany, wn® W, A.Blair, The laind'is granted tmder A lioenoe, the coricfitidnB :br tehfah 'to# rthat it be paid quarterly in UAvotte flieanee toube pBdneed to miy , bailifi 6 of Ghofn , constable wquirmgj to f see ( it 1" fuel ..for the limekilns shall "nOe bhfinssd on Orown laPds pmfew pete lioeiire' ?be teken nut i> tiw lioeiiiee to -rocurb the Wood xf stanetis remprpdr#9i40 r-of -kito dtyc'Ag jftbstoOlll Hfyftgplg n0I Wmm at UgtanuMgin rf his tehure thereof, out %o bohgto the Grewn , if the nreadi'the riope of excavAtion frbttt Adge Pf toroad te toe hpttom of toe - qtmrty dot te Jte Tha condittoxte -have notjbrep jSd fand ip worked as a whole. If tha.qonditl«is ar not complied with tbe'litenee#, tes i®jRer of omrebJomEfilbe banl&di;, 0ft ii nofefateBied to faterieto tefth ton liwmredddte.ifurtbre.# Abfafa-aooess to. the troqndreceptiyfi fa® tois purpose instruetifaui had been'gHWnot to Mixner andOa x«p»tirely ? u AttfaiGityCburtW#dnty.« down A right-fa-WAyteff Litite Bonrke cm the pretfauk eight,' pfaHng 7%, .rli Xfafl man toto WAnttorpqgh into Jho XW ® ;ao£wh"0g. famed V" -> nlsn iiinj rertHHtetf 0S3 