.7JTs C0 LLAN 'O US EX2T1A CTS WONDERFUL, IF TRUE,. The Forl'tnighily Review contains a start. inug article on the evidence of Spiritualism, w1ritten by Mr. A. R. Wallace, the natura list.' Mr. ,Wallace concludes as follows : '( The objection will here in.yitably be made: 'These woiideiful things. alwaiysg happen in America, When they occur Eng land it will be time enough to :enquire, into them,' Singularly enough, after'this article. was in the press, the final test wras obtained, which demonstrated thle occurrence of' simi lar phenomena.in London. A short tplate mentmay, therefore, be interesting for those who cannot digest American evidence. For some years e. young lady, Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable medium shipi, which latterly culminated in. the pro duction of ah entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which appeared bare footed and in white flowing robes while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Not withstanding that tests of an apparently concl'lsive character were employed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as sceptics, got the impression that all was not as it should be; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that the two could not be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. wasan imposter who managed to. conceal a white -robe about her (althougl she was often ~searched), and who, although she was securely tield with tapes and sealed, was able to get out of her bonds, dre-s and un dress herself, and get into them again; all into the darkr, so as to defy detection. Others thought that the spirit released her, pro vided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one gentle man-a Spiritualist-to seize the supposed spirit and endeavor to hold it, in the hope that some other person would open the ,cabinet.door and see if Miss Cook was really tlhere. . This was, unfortunately, not done; but;the great resemblance of the being he seizedfor, Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from-him, convinced this gesitleman that it wvas! Miss Cook herself, although the rest of t~he.company, a few minutes'afterwards, found lher bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To determine the question cbnclusively, experiments hve: been made wirbin the last few weeks bytwo *scientific men. Mr. C. F. Varley. F.R.S. tlhe eminent electrician, made use of a gal vanic-battery and cable testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miiss Cook's body (by fastening soverigns soldered to wires to her arms).- ''he apparatus was so delicate that any mbvement whatever was instantly indicated, while it was impossible for the young lady to dress and acte as a ghost without breaking the circuit.; Yet .under these conditions the spirit-form did ;appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons; and this hap. .pened, be it emeinhered, notin tlhe'inddium's own hpuse, but in that of a ptivate-g entle man in the west end of London: For noearl. an hour the 'rcircit was never broken' and at the conclusiosi Miss Cook ?vas found in n deep trance. Since this reniarkabl:e ex perimenqt Mr. Wm Crookes, F. i .S, has ob tained, if pdssible' :still more satifactory evidence. He contrived' a 'phosphbrous lamp, and armed with this was allowead td go into the dark room; hccom'anihed by the spirit, and there saw did feltM::.Miss Cook dressed in black velvet, lying aiii':: traice on tho floor, while the spiirit-form, in white roes, s?tood close beside her, During the evening this spirit-form had b'eeni for nearly anb hou, walkinggand talking wvitlh the com pany ; and -Mr. Crookes, by permission claisped .the figure in his arms, anid found it to be, appairently, a real living woman, just Sas the sceptical gentleman. Yet this figure Is not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other human being, since it appeared and disap peared in Mr. Croolkes's own house as com. plotely.as in that of the- medium herself, The full statements of :lessrs. Varley and Crookes, with a mass of interesting detail on the subject, appeared in the Spirifualist newspaper in March and April last; aind they.serve to show :that whatever marvels occur in American can be reproduced here, ind that men of science are not precluded frnm: investigating these phenomena with scientific instruments and by scientific metehods 