SOME SPIRITUALISTIC: SBAECES. . . (FROM OUR TUAVELLINO CONrninUrOR.) Since the soiree at :Mr. .Williams's, of which I wrote an account some Weeks ago) I hnvfe assisted at several' oth& spiritualist meetings, without becoming ii convert to the new. religion. . One -of - the. occasions was .a lecture. by a gentlemari who,' while profess ing to be a fervent believer iu spiritism, ex pressed his utter and thorolihdisbelief m the phenomena which.' weri\ cheated at. the dark seances, and showed h'ow, .by means 'of a very simple apparatU9,.'3i6ihetliiiig liko'.a walking-stick fishing-rod, but mide of iron and tolerably strong, 'musical boxes- and guitars might be Made to float . about the room. On another , OciiAsiori I -at tended the exhibition ,of .a lady who pro fessed to be a trance:medipm, for test coM- munications from spirit relatives and friends; Some dozen persons weropresent, the majo rity being females: 9ome-of them expressed their entire satisfaction with Mhe.'revelatioris mode to them, but the", medium -.was altoge ther wrong in the information she afforded me. All her shots missed fire.. The name of the person from whom she professed ;to de rive her knowledge, -of . my' .affairs was entirely unknown to me;. and she .was unablo to toll me any more' about the contents of a letter which I handed to her -than 'that it contained a regret, a tolerably sflfe -thing. to say of most letters. ..In faot:2';.Xery much begrudged the" time which Lhad'wnsted, and tho money which I: hod . paid - this: trance medinm, who, however, .'has alqrg e clienlcltr, and . has a most, enviable reputation foi- having effected, some - most extiaordinaiy cures. ' Upon the occasion of; toy. second visit to Mr. Williams I -was the witneas of; some ex traordinary manifestations., The, rooms weie just as on tho previous' occasioitp and how- over the phenomena , were .'produced, I am quite certain that there .werc no. trap-doors, and no seoret holes in the. Wall. The room was occupied by some dozen ,or;fifteen -per sons, of .whom I recognised: tWo As having been present at the lastiseahce. ; Prior-tothe lights being put out the eompanyirecounted tUeiroxperiences.andveryextrao'rdinaryROme of them , were. One, geptleman mentioned that on a recent occasion thO spirit :of Katie King- had allowed a piece -to be' cut out of hor dress ; that the -stuff had been shown' to mauy linendrapers, and that, none of them could afford tlie slightest. information as to. what it -was, inasmuch, as it was quite different from anything.' which they had ever seen before. Another . spiritist mentioned that a young lady of his ac quaintance, who was. -a .very power ful medium, although her. 'gifts; were never ' exhibited . outside ber own Jariiily cirele, bad a speciality ..for visits from persons who bad been . murdered. -One of their first acts, after their ieuthanosia, was to place themselves f/t rapport with her, and give her all sorts, of information as to how they came by their death. 'The .-narra tor went ou to say that they generally felt so muoh delight at . being translated, to another and a better world that . they retained no ill-feeling.) against . their murderers, and had no deaire at. all that, ihe criminals should be brought to)jiistice. ._I argued that tho phenomena were jn all pro bability the result .of. hysteria) and) that there was nothing remarkable in an excitable young woman, after 'reading the details.of some horrible murder,- imagining that she saw the spectre of the Vjotim. My objection was answered by an assertion that frequently undiscovered murders were revealed to this young lady. .1 replied' that, if they ..were undiscovered there was .no .proof, that they had ever been . committed,- unless steps wore takeu.' to examine into the truth of tho revelations. The narrator became rather warm, said that spiritists ob jected to capital punishment, and under no circumstances would degrade themselves by assisting the detective police. Farther argu ment was put an end to by the arrival of Mr. Williams ; but the conversation which I have detailed will convey a notion of the extraordinary credulity which some of tho believers in Bpintism evince in everything connected with their craze. \ The seance was for some time not alto gether unlike that which I had previously attended. There were the' same raps and touches of hands, the musical-box made a tour of the room, the guitar, made a flight through the air, mv face and head were touched, ap parently by a female, hand, although there was no lady amongst the' visitors to the seance. Bet the most -extraordinary por tion of the affair was' to come. ..pur circle was said to be unusually harmonious, arid after half an hour had been spent in the manner I have described, Mr. Wil-- liams was fastened in a wooden cabinet, which constituted the principal article of furniture in the inner room. ) . I would uot pretend that he wuld -have fonnd any dif ficulty in freeing himself from tho knots, as it is almost impossible to securely fasten a man, without subjecting, him to a considerable amount of pain. "Bnt; he. was tied, after" a fashion, and fastened in thT cabinet. A few minutes afterwards the spirit of John King emerged from the. cabinet, arid glided' across the room'. The form was that of a dark; swarthy men, in flowing robes; of white color, and of the fashion worn by; the Arab3,- About the waist the form wore a girdle, to which was hung an egg-shaped crystal, which seemed to :shed a light all over his person. While the supposed spirit was cross ing the front room I could hearthe Medium in the cabinet groaning and making a most un pleasant noise. The appearance of the form was not altogether unlike those of the ghosts raised by Professor Pepper, bnt the diffi. culty is how the phenomena can be pro duced without more appliances than a man, or two, or even three men, can conceal about their persons. A minute or two after (the spirit left the- room the medium, who seemed much exhausted, was untied and released from the cabinet. ' 1 do not pro pose to make any - further allusions to spiritism in your columns. I am as great a sceptic as ever, for it is far More reasonable to suppose that Mr. ..Williams is a skilful juggler, aud that he has some very clever accomplices, than that ' what are generally supposed to be the immutable laws of ' nature are regularly violated in' a first .floor over.a' tailor's shop in Lamb's Conduit- street. ' But I : think the so-called phenomena demand more careful investigation than they have-as yetweivad, 