THIS REV. C. S. T. PRICE ON SPIRITISM. After the quarterly social tea meeting held in the Congregational Church, M'Kil lop Btreet, last evening, the Rev. C. S. Y. Price delivered a lecture on " Spiritism and the Bible." The lecturer, without any preliminary observations, proceeded to re view the theories of modern spiritists and to show that they were absolutely built-oh a superstructure of the grossest superstition and ignorance. He contended, in the first place, that there was no reliable testimony that a single spirit of the dead had appeared to or spoken to the living except in the in stances narrated in Luke ix., 30, where Moses appeared to Christ, and in Revelations ii., 29, where a spirit of the prophet appeared to John. Further, he contended that no proof existed of a demon or evil spirit having spoken to a human being at the request or will of either and except by the express permission of God. That the appearance of the prophet to John proved it to be possible for the spirits of the dead to converse with human beings when God permits, and clothes them with a visible body, he would not dispnte, bnt the whole testimony of the Bible went to prove in coutestably that before good spirits or even angels conld communicate with mortals they must be sent by God on some special errand, and could neither be invoked, or proceed of their own volition. The para ble of the rich man and Lazaros indicated that the normal state of the good and bad in the other world was a state of separation, that an abyss separated them from each other, as it also separated them from the living,. for Dives was not allowed to com municate with Lazaras, or to warn his brethren of bis torments. The belief in the transmigration of souls was old—it be longed to heathen mythology, but the beliff in the appearance of the spirits of the dead was of modern origin. The spiritist dogma grew with the christian era; it was the development of a material rer ligion from what was originally a pure and spiritual religion. The idea of spiritual torment 'in a place of futnre punishment was gradually construed into physical suf fering, and this gave rise to the belief that spirits could revisit the earth and warn others of their torments. The lecturer re marked that Shakespeare had clearly pour trayed the superstitions of his time, proving how the material was superseding the spiritual, in the play of Hamlet, when the latter encounters Mb father's ghost. In another passage the ghost is related to have disappeared when the cock crowed. The crowing of the cock was the harbinger of daylight, and spirits in Shakspeare's time, like those of modern origin, conld not withstand the light of day. They were and bad' always been associated with lonely places and darkness, and hence they were invariably alleged to be seen nnder'circum stances that rendered contradiction impossi ble, however incredible the statement. Spirits had special places that they frequented, houses they patronised, and families to whom they appeared in old times. John Wesley's family saw ghosts. In his diaiyhe relates how he saw a ghost, which went out with a bine light, and leaving a sulphurous smell behind. No doubt Mr Y\ esley saw it in his mind's eye, bnt it was the result of imagination notwithstanding. Many of the ghost stories were fabricated and wUfol w*i *wt naditf mental disease. As a proof of the power of imagination he alluded to an anecdote re lated by the Rev. J. 'Waterhouse of ayoung man who was frightened to death by being told that he was about to be beheaded, and his neck struck smartly with a wet towel, after his eyes had been bandaged. An instance came under his own observation. - For two years he attended a young friend who, eventually died from consumption. His.friend had been in the habit of at-* tending theatres, and took great delight in the pantomime, and in his illness he was troubled with the appearance of a clown • who nightly danced and capered before bim. Haying read of a similar case where a doctor talked to his patient on the sub-, ject of his illusion till he tiied him and cured him of it, he (the lecturer) tried a '-; similar remedy. He talked of the clown for an hoar and a half one evening' till he " fairly sickened his friend, and. his de vice proved successful, for the clown never appeared afterwards. Diseases oc casioned by over-study, licentiousness, and ; intemperance, gave birth to nervous dis-" orders and mental derangement, and were t he prime causes of apparitions and other illusions. Luther saw the devil, because Luther was addicted to study and suffered ' from indigestion. St. Anthony had similar ill usions from similar causes. Plentv of pork. : sausages and indigestible food wonld indued any quantity of apparitions. He (the lecturer) was a firm believer in natural causes and opposed to supernatural, and he was con vinced that most of the apparitions wit-J nessed were due to indigestion, -sin, and ', overstndy. Mr Price next proceeded to allnde to the old belief in witches, stating how the Puritans of New England took with them the superstitions of their country and inaugurated a reign of terror in America by imprisoning and executing old men and women, till a Boston merchant,..... accused of witchcraft, challtnged'his accu-"*' sers, sued them for £1000 damages for libel, and, obtaining a verdict, struck terror into the heart of the bewitched, and put an end lo tbeir heartless persecutions. Af ter ., referring to some of the absurdities con nected with the belief in the power'of witches, he briefly alluded to the wraiths, fairies, brownies, and banshees, who held"" so much superstitious sway in the high-; 71 lands of Scotland, and some parts- of Ireland, even to the present day. These he characterised as the products uf ignorance, .which, was the mother of super stition, while superstition was the mother of apparitions. Nothing, he submitted, frightened spirits away like a good soundr, education, and it was remarkable how little superstition pervaded the school children of Victoria. With regard to rie claims of spiritists, that they can see and converee every hour with spirits, he denied that any proof of the assertion had been afforded by their seances. Their so-called phenomena was either the result of a dig - ordered . imagination, or trickery on the part of the medium employed, through whom everything had to be done. Pro- 7 bably there were things that could not be • .explained, forces in connection with table j-j and chair-turning which Ecience had not as " yet arcrunted for; but to attribute the phenomena lo spirits was, he submitted, to jump at a most unwarrantable con clusion A few years ago, mesmerism, clairvoyance, and electro-biology could not. be accounted for, and possibly' the man, who used the finst. print-.""7, ing "machine was reckoned the greatest; *" devil on eaTtb. To show that there was noi proof of evil spirits having commuhi- -- cated with a human being except by the " will" of God,; he entered at considerable *-' length into an elucidation of the terms used in the passages of Scripture where .witches, familiar spirits, magicians, and wise-men are referred to. He. pointed . out that the Bible was translated in-a7, superstitions age, and that many of the ..words. employed to explain the . meaning of the Hebrew text were . but' 7. peculiar interpretations iD accordance with '*-4' the superstitious of the times, and inserted to please those in authority. For instance, the; - Hebrew word from which " witch" is de- ' rived variously meant ajuggler, a poisoner, ! an idolator, or a chemist. A daughter of Ov in Hebrew meant a daughter L;of :-i; the voice, or a ventriloquist. Israel was governed by God, and - was -pro-- . bibited from mixing with other nations, from tolerating witchcraft, or in other words, worshipping heathen gods—a wor ship'always associated with licentiousness and cruelly. The lecturer proceeded . to - M refer to certain passages in Scripture where the superstitions of the heathen .': were denounced and despised as mere chi canery. Alluding to the Egyptian Magi .t and the miracles performed before Pharoah, he remarked that the magicians were men of learning and skilled in the laws of deception, - and probably, by dint of secret preparation, were ahle to imitate two of the miracles of Moses. They were termed enchanters, , which meant writers of hieroglyphics, but . nothing in the text could lead to the inference.s that they had, or pretended to have, deal- ■ < ings with evil spirits. Respecting the'ac count given of the interview between Paul and the Witch of Endor, he argued that - Paul's anxious frame of mind, his fati guing journey, and long fa ting, all coh- - tribnteti to render him unusually liable to deception, and that the witch, who aided by her emissaries was doubtless .aware of his position, was ahle to describe the ap-. pearance of Samuel, and by her ventrilo-. qnial powers simulate his voice, hnd in reply to Saul's enquiries to predict the' defeat of his forces and his own death. The story of David relieving Saul by playing on the harp showed the soothing effect of music. In the case of Job the evil spirit was only permitted to do certain! - things by God's will. He could afflict and * torment Job, but he wa8 to spare his life. After some further allusions to Scripture text, the lecturer proceeded to describe the superstitions that prevailed for several centuries before the birth of Christ—the' prevalent belief in evil spirits havings the power to take possession of hnman' beings, and the Oracle of Delphi'.. The prophecies then so popular were those of the Old Testament mixed np with heathen predictions, and the books in which they appear having been burned, others were, forged in their stead. With regard to the demons of the' New Testa ment, he remarked that Christ, hisdiseinlen. and these to "whom they confided the power were enabled tocast them out, and contended that the gift of discerning evil spirits and casting them out, together with the power of demons to enter into the possession of human beings, came at once and ceased simultaneously. In conclusion, he believed" that the devil had much to do with spi-j ritism, and that the men who tempted" others to sin, who preyed on their credulity, were his most active agents. He considered] it one of the greatest and most damnable', of sins to distrust God's revealed truth?,' and to seek to discover what He has wisely determined to keep secret. In a word,' with reference to spiritism there was.but; one position to take, namely—to condemns itB pretensions and its teachings,, at . the same time to study its phenomena, and ,.in vestigate any farces which science failed aa yet to explain, in the confidence of 'an eventually clear and satisfactory solution. During the evening the choir performed several anthems and hymns, and a selec tion of sacred pieces were played on the organ in a most effective, manner. A vote of thanks to the lecturer terminated the proceedings. '• The Best Family Magazine.—The Family Heuald, of-which the Saturday ■'Re view says that "its novels and tales are quite as weU. written as the best circulating library stories"—which the -illustrated Lou* don Hews says, " is a joy to tens of thou sands of innocent households"—which'the British Quarterly Review says is the " best/' and the Literary Gazette says is the "pureBt," seems to enjoy as mnch popnlarityaB ever. Its leading articles and novels are contri buted by eminent writers, and when. re published achieve great success. "Anew novel, " Her Face was Her Fortune," corns mences the new volume. - - WeU edited, •printed on good paper, we have - eighty qnart-o pages, or one hundred and" sixty columns, in a Monthly Part for sixpence ; and while the popularity, of the Family Urn ki.T% js explained by the tone and excel lence of its writing, these facts give it a claim to be not only the beat, bat t£e cheapest nuguuw ia, ' 