FICTION. (Ma COCUS*, amcrlcaa. *od other paHode>Is.> ALEAPINTHEDAEI; " ' OB, WSDDBD TET N0 WIFE. Bï MRS. MAY AGNES TEEMING. . PART II. .-<r: CHAPTER V. POLLY'S MISDEEDS. Face to face/in the dead hour of the night, in tbs desolate room of LynrSth Grange. Fate had done bar work, and brought those two together at last ! For ona instant both stood speechless, spellbound -each with the same wild thought that they beheld a »upernalural "Visitant. Then, as tha light; ot tha lantern shone more broadly over the face and figure of tile lady, the girl recognized her, and all super- stitious fears were swept away iiTan impulse of un- controllable surprise. ..Lady Charteria!" droppsd from her lips. Tha words, the sound of a human voice, broke tie spell. Lady Charteris knew the slim figure standing before, bar was not the ghost of the mad lady. " Who speaks t" abe asked faintly. She was in- \ tensely nervous, and her heart throbbed almost painfully. " Who are you ?" " I am Polly Mason." Polly's voice faltered a little as abe said it. Sha always did feel ashamed of that intensely plebeian sod unromantic cognomen, poor child. " Folly Mason 1" the name of, an others now most dear to tie heart of the lady. She drew near hurriedly -half incredulous-" Polly Masoni" She lifted her light high-yes, it shone on the «lender, girlish figure, the fair, drooping head, the beseeching eyes, the half-smiling, half-trembling lips: for rolly, tims defected,"hardly knew whether /to laugh'or to cry. "My childi my child!" the lady cried aghast, *' what in the world brought you here ? Ton, of all \ people alive, and at this unearthly hour ?" Polly laughed a little hysterically-then half sobbed : " Ob, Lady Charteris, it waa foolish, I know, and Oak« and Rosanna will be so BBgry when they nod it out. I'm half sorry now I came, but I could not help it. Eliza Long, you don't know her of course -but we hate each other, she and I-dared me to «oma hera and spend a night alone among the ghoats, and I-wall Lknow I'm a little fool I" Polly cried piteously, and looking up, with her big blua .yea at the great lady, " but if she dared me to tump into Speckhaven Bay, I think I would do it. They laft ma here, and are to call for me at two o'clock. It must be near that now. And please, my lady," (very humbly,) "don't tell; I waa not afraid, indeed I wasn't, and I slept nearly all the time ; but Duke would be vexed-(Duke's my cousin, please, my lady), and he's such a dear old cousin, I hate to make ruin sorry. Oh, Lady Charteris!" Polly clasped her hands, " I know this is your bouse, but I did not know that you or anybody ever came here, .r I'd never have done it. Oh please don't say I've done anything so very, very wrong." Polly coula talk at all times, and awe of ladies, great or small, she did not know. She wondered to find Lady Charteris here, at such a time, and she hoped Duke wouldn't discover her escapade, but «he was as prepared to converse with a baronet's lady as with Rosanna. u waa a moment before my lady answered, a moment during which she stood looking at the Î'irl, with her hand pressed tight over her heart, be blue, beseeching eyes were so like, so cruelly like eyes that seventeen years ago had been dearer to her than earth and all its glory. Ii gave her a pang almost as sharp as death to see their counter- part thus. She scarcely heard a word, she only Jbiew that tb» child of ber love stood before her. "My darling ! My darling 1" she said, with -a «mootbored sob, "oh my darling!" and the asto- nished Polly found herself caught in the lady's arms, *nd tears and kisses raining on her face. Mia* Mason's first impulse was that Lady Charteris ¡bad gone suddenly mad. It was not an improbable fancy, under the circumstances, and much more alarmed than she had been any time yet, she strove to get away. She was prepared to meet a ghost, if you like, bat not a lunatic. Lady Charteris under stood ber in in instant, and at once released her. " I havo frightened you, my dear," she said, re- covering herself-self-command was a fixed habit with her now, Bhe was not at all likely to give away again, "but you-you reeemble some one I once knew. 'Hy child, what a strange thing for you to do-to come and spend a night in tilts dismal place. Wsreyou not terribly afraid ?" J " Wei-no, my lady, at least not until I beard you «rp stairs. I don't mind a bit so that Duke and Bosanna don't find out." . *' You are very fond of your cousins, my dear ?" "Oh, very!" »aid-Poll*, "Dake especially; but «everyone loves Duke-the'itarved dogs m the streets, the little beggan who oak alms in the town-every- body F Har eye« lighted-yes, .Very fondly Polly loved ?"dew old Duke." "And you are happy-truly and really happy," tka lady asked-so earnestly she asked it. " Happy ?" Polly repeated ; " well, no, not quite ; X dont think anybody could be happy whose name was Polly Mason! Polly 1 it reminds one of apojl parrot up in a cage asking for crackers." Lady Charteris smiled in spite of herself. "Is that all? Well, my child, you can console yourself with the thought that, like most young ladies, you will one day change'your name." Polly blushed, and thought of Mr. Fane. ?" I ought to be a happy girl, ¿.suppose, for every- body is very good to me. My lady, will you please tell me the time?" "It is just half-past ona," looking at her watch; "my errand ¿ere is done, and you will ratura vtth me. "And Polly," sha laid her bandon the girl's shoulder, "you know some of the people at the Priory. I saw you dancing, you remember, yester- day; don't mention to any of those young men, should you chance to See tuarn, that you ever met me here. -Now come;" " My lady, I cannot go-I promised to wait, and I must. They will call for "me at two-only half-an Aour now, I wouldn't have them find me gone for s tbs world when they return. I -should-never hear tis last of it" " Who are they, my little one ?" " Ob, Alice Warren and Eliza Long, and two young men ; you wouldn't know any of them, They'll be be bera at two, and I must wait-I promised." "A promise must be kept, of course. Will you not get a scolding to-morrow from-this Duke you lows so well, for this madcap prank ?" "Ascolding! Duke»colàr Polly laughed aloud *t the stupendous jeke-such a tweet, merry laugh. ** Oh, dear no, my lady, Duke couldn't scold if be triad- least of all, me. But he would look grieved, sud that would be ten times worse, and never say a «ord, and be kinder to me than ever. Rosanna would scold, and I shouldn't mind it a bit ; bot Duke," Polly shock her curly head, with contrition, 'no, I hope Dake won't hear of it" «Then, he shall not-from me. And I must go .ad lease you here. It seems almost cruel." " Ton are very kind, my lady, but don't mind me, j^_i rta not afraid, and I couiak't go, that's the amount "^ \jf it. Please let me help you out," I^y Charteris stooped, and kissed her very gently i this time. , "You are a brave little girl. Good night, and sleet come here any more." Ins benediction given with the kiss was uttered in ?the lady's heart. Polly helped her out of the windan*, and watched her as she flitted down the «vanns, har light steps lost on the grassy ground. "Now f wonder what broughther herefthonght Hiss y»«"*', "all alone, and at this time of night -morningVÍ mean-for it's close upon two o'clock. fa she going to walk all the way to Montalien friorjj, and does her husband know she's out ? Ob, PoUy .yawned dismally, "I do wish they would Come. fihe had not long to wait. Before two struck tlte quartette stood under 'her window, filled with remorse and dire miegivingB, Would they find her Air»» when they returned ; would they find her at All? Might not the cavalier's ghost carry her off fcodfly to the land of restless shadows whence he i «ama? But Folly, as bright as a new shilling, stood smiling before them, and leaped with the bound of a kid out of the window.and into the arms of the . fcaberdaaher's young man. " lost will do, Sam, I dont want help," said* Miss Mason, rather disdainfully. After Allan Fane and SyEsdseourt, it wasn't likely aha was ever again ngto tolerate tradesmen's apprentices. "Tes, I'm safe, Eliza, in spite of you ana the ghosts and the nts ; aad I have had a sociable chat with one of the ghosts that haunt the Grange, and* very pleasant ghost it is. I hope you're convinced I'm not afraid BOW; and if you, or any of you, let büke or lossaa» dad-out this sight's work, III-well, dont, you do it, that's all ! I may be an idiot for my ^ pains, bat I'm not going to worry them into their graves." ; Even Elis«-£oii£- promised. She had been conn dsrably alarmed daring the hours of waiting. If they found Polly djead or gone mad through fright, Tetar Jenkins -would turn Queen's evidence, aha kaew, aad there-was no telling what the law might sot do to fier-haag her, perhaps. She promised, ¡and shs kept her word-for two or torea months «gd by that tuna it did.no harm to tell. At half-past two^axactly. Polly stole in through a aUteben window atdupstairs in nar stockings to bed, aad fell asleep, and awoke ap and came fresh and -llinir down to bOeakfast, none the worse 'for lier s might's dreary froltt. " He will be herftjpresently,''-was the young lady's thought; and brea?past over, she went oaek to her Tbsm to get hergeK-fop for the occasion. She looked «MU her wardren J with a melancholy sense of its dsAciencies. A "1 aite muslin and a drab silk for Sundays. Polly 1i ted that drsb silk, which Rosanna had bought as a ti id serviceable color. Two faded «Jughama, much C > worse for washing and mending, ama last winter's I ne merino. That was all. She chose the blue m ti no, faded a little, but low-necked and short-eI»evea-,¿fldtbe coIor that »rátedner best> and pat it on. A. ilue ribbon, the hue of her eyes, te tie np the shout, crisp curls-and that was the .whole of her adoioinent. But the sloping shoulders «Ad the rounded ar ns shone, and the sapphire eyes sparkled, and the s lort, boyishi-p-1? were like supple gold; and, standing before the glass, the girl knew «be wnsbeiiutifnlf Mr. Fans camev&nd; not alone. At eleven o'clock he drove .np in h dashing little por 7 phaeton, eyes told ber pretty plainly what he thought of her looks. He had come to take her to the | Priory far that first sitting for the Fair Rosamond, j and that was Miss Maud Charteris, Miss Majon, and he was quite sure'each young lady would be charmed with the other. Miss Maud Charteris gave Misa Polly Mason a little half-patronizing, half haughty smile and bow, which the latter returned with equal hauteur. She was not pretty- little Miss Charteris. She waa pale and sickly of as- pect, with her father's black eyes, and tar-black hair, straight as an Indian's. The bright silks which that doting father liked to see ber wear con- trasted harshly with her small pinched features and sickly palier. She was dressed like a doll now, in tartan silk of brilliant hoe?, a white lace scarf, a , Paris hat, wreathed with pink rosebuds, and dainty I boots,'and gloves, and pink silk and point lace parasol. Polly saw it all, and the'faded blue merino, and her bare, brown hands, and her straw hat. with its cheap ribbons, looked oh 1 so unutterably shabby, and poor, and mean'. 'How could Mr. Fane ever look at her twice,'beside tbe glittering little but- terfly-this baronet's'daughter,- dressed in rose silk ? She turned sick with hopeless longing, and-yes, the truth must be told, envy-and was driven to Montalieu Priory, so silent and depressed that she hardly knew herself. How could she tell that Mr. Fane never saw the tartan silk, the Paris rosebuds; or the point bice ?" He only "knew that the baro nef s daughter waa sallow, and puny, and not pretty, and that a girl as bright, as blooming, as beautiful as Hebe's self sat beside bim, with two blue eyes, wbose like he had never seen before. Miss Charteris deigned to talk a little to Miss aw-Mason, as the steppers bore tbem along. Had she really lived all her life in this dull country town ? Had she never been to school-nor to Paris-never even 'to London P It must be dread- fully dull-such a life. She regarded the shabby merino .'and the common straw bat with pitying wonder. She was unutterably condescending to this dowdy country girl, whom. Mr. Fane wanted to paint. The little embryo lady took the airs of a grande dame as naturally as a duckling takes to water, and with every question of the disdainful patrician Folly grew more and more angry, and sulky, and sorry she came ; and it waa in a very bad humor, indeed, that she- entered the dusky splendor of the Priory, and followed Mr. Fane into an apartment where flowers bloomed, and birds sang, and beautiful pictures were on the walls, and tall vases-taller than herself-stood, and a Turkey carpet covered* the floor, and silken draperies hung, and Parian statuettes glimmered in the pale green light. Her heart sank more and more, at sight of all this splendor. Ho wonder Maud Charteris de- spised her-Maud Charteris, to whom this gorgeous temple was only an every-dav drawing room, and "who lived iu perpetual tartan silks. Mr. Fane left her for a moment to go in search of Miss Hautton, be said, who was to sit for Queen Eleanor. Miss Charteris left her, excusing herself elaborately,-to remove her hat and scarf. Polly was alone. Silence reigned. It was like a church. She glanced about her in awe. But presently, through a curtained arch at the further end of the room, voices* came. One was the voice of little Miss Maud; the other the languid, haughty accents of Miss Hautton, " Pretty ?" she was repeating in rather a contemp- tuous tone. " Did Mr. Fane really say-so, Maud ? He must have been jesting, surely. Why the girl in white, with whom I saw him dancing, was a per- fect little dowdy." " Well I thought so too, Diana," said the piping treble of" the little ladyof- thirteen ; " and to-day you should see herl-sucha dress-old and faded, oh!-" Words failed to describe the unfashionable make of this old faded dress. "How tiresome of Mr. Fane to fetch her here; and one must be civil to the little creature, I sup- pose. Pretty ; a stupid country girl, with red hair and freckles !" Polly waited to hear no more-her heart felt full to bursting-she hardly knew whether with anger or wounded feeling, or what. She had bean in- sulted-cruelly 'insulted-why had Mr. Fane ever brought her here F She got up, and made her way out, now, she hardly knew, through long suites of rooms, and down that grand gilded and carved stair- way. She was out of the house, aud into the bright sunshine, with the summer wind blowing in her hot face, and a swelling in her throat that nearly choked her. "A stupid country girl with red hair and freckles!" That dreadful sentence rang in her ears like a death knell all the way home. ' , She went straight np to her room, and threw off the blue dress and blue ribbon, and put on the shortest and most washed-out of the ginghams, and looked at herself in the glass. It was quite true all they, said of ber. She was a dowdy, and looked it. She bad red hair, too-it ap- peared yellow to ber. But red or yellow, it was all the same, and she had freckles. The light was very strong, and by straining her eyes she counted seven under one eye and five under the other. She wes neither clever nor handsome nor good, she was only a sunburned tomboy, and would never go near the Priory nor those scornful ladies any mora, and Mr. Fans should get his congé (Polly knew ïiench) if he ever dared come near her again. Polly worked for the remainder of that day with an energy that completely astonished Rosanna. Ironing was going on, and she got a table to herself, and ironed those clothes with a vindictive energy that left her cheeks crimson, and her eyes full of streaming light. She was dead silent too, and de- clined taking ber tea when tea-time came, and went out into the garden to let the evening wind cool off, if it could, ber flushed face. And as she reached the gate, there stood Mr. Allan Fane in person. « MÍES Mason-Polly !" he began, " what on earth made you rHin away ? Did I leave you too long ? I give yoi my word I could not help it, and I bope j'ou're not offended. What waa it ?" Polly looked at him with flashing eyes. She would have cut off her right hand sooner than let bim know bow she had been humiliated. " What is it, Polly-I think you said that I might call you Polly,' with a tender look. " You may call me anything you please, Mr. Fane -a dowdy, stupid country girl, -snch ss I am. If I were Miss Diana Hautton, or Miss Maud Charteris, it would be quite another thing-but bow could a shabby, ignorant, red-haired rustic expect either re- spect pr courtesy !" "Polly--Miss Mason! Good heaven! has anyone Insulted v*ouf Who came into the rooms whde I was away?" " Not a soul-Mr. Pane, But you should not be surprised at anything a person m my class of life maj- do. ATe don't know any better,-and I got frightened, very naturally, at all the splendour about me, and ran away-just that. One word, one look, from so grand a lady as the Honorable Miss Hautton would have annihilated me-I ran away. Don't waste your time, I beg, Mr. Fane-go back to the Priory, and the high-born ladies there." " ïou are as thorough a lady as the best of them, Miss Mason, if you will pardon my presumption in saying so, and I wouldn't exchange five minutes with you fur a day with the fairest of them !" He told the truth - there was a glow on his placid face very unusual there. Polly, pretty at_ all times, waa ten-fold prettier when thoroughly angry. The haughty poise of the head, the flashing fire in -the blue eyes, the flush on the oval cheeks, the ringing 1 tones of the clear voice became her well. " Some one has offended-some one has insulted you, it may be, Miss Mason, but it was not I. If I only dared put in words what I think of you-but no, even the deepest admiration may sometimes ap- pear impertinence. Tell me you are not angry with me-I could not bear that. Polly." His voice softened to a wonderful tenderness-the eyee that lookeiat bex wera full of a light that shot the words home. Mr. Fane basing spent the post four years at the business was past-maater of tbe art of love à la mode. And Polly's heart stirred for an instant, and the fjery scorn died out of nçr faca, and into ita place came a beautiful, tremulous light. But shs laughed saucily, even while moved. "You arotalkiBg treason to your sovereign, Mr. Fane. What woola Miss Hautton say ii she heard you?" "Miss Hautton may go to Paradise, if abo likes. What is Misa Hantton to met" "The future Mrs. Fane, or rumour (elis awful stories !" " Humour does tall awful stories, always did. If , I cared for Miss Hautton would I be here ? Polly, ' you must sit for that picture, only, by Jove, I shall have to paint ya« for Queen Eleanor, if you look as you do just now. Won't you ask me in, and give me some tea, please ? I came after you in such haste that I never waited for lnncbaon." " What ?" Polly cried, " has it taken you since one o'clock to walk three miles. Oh, Mr. Fane, don't think me a greater goose than you can help. Come in if you like, and I will see if,Rosanna will let you have the tea." " That doesn't sound too hospitable,-" tia artist said, " but where one is very anxious to obtain the entré:, one must not stand on the order of his invi- tation. We shall have the sittings here, Miss Polly, instead of at the Priory." Mr. Allan. Fane never once noticed the faded gingham ; be went into tbe bonse meeting a rather cool reception from both Duke and Rosanna. Polly was all mortal man could desire, and he lingered until tbe moon was up and the loud-voiced kitchen .clock struck nine. The girl went with bim to the gate, the moon shone crystal clear, what a night -it "was, what ja beautiful, blissful world altogether. And BoBanna called life a weary pil- grimage and earth a vale of .tears. w " May I com» again-and very soon. Polly ?" asked Mr. Fas«, holding her hand, and looking into the eyes he thought brighter than all those shining stars above. " Certainly," Miss Mason responded, demurely ; " and if you make such progresa at every sitting as yon have done at this, Mr. Fane, the fair Bossmond will be completed before yon know it." Her clear laugh rang ont, the truth being the artist had en- tirely forgotten fair Rosamond, Allan Fane being BO engrossed by ¿»olly Mason. He lit his cigar and walked home through tbe «oft summer night, with the uneasy conviction dawning upon him that he was falling helplessly in love. There had been moments, this very-evening, wbes ijfcfcad been all he could do to restrain himself from snatching har to bis breast, resigning all the hopes and ambitions of his life, ard become possessor of those wondrous eyes of purple light, that darkling, sparkling, beauteous lace, that saucy, witching smiler "Jove!" be exclaimed, 4<what a face that girl has-what a pair of eyes !" He thought of Diana Hautton, and her three thou- sand a year, ber lofty birth, her blue blood. She had blue eyeä too, bat, aristocratic in all things, Miss Hautton was most aristocratically near-sighted, and the eyes were wofully dun and faded by comparison with those be had left. " Why wasnt I bom with two thousand a year P the artist thought moodily. " I'd marry that girl out of band and go to Italy, and apend the re- mainder of my day« lying at her feet, looking up at ber perfect beauty, and fancy it always afternoon. Or why hasn't she a fortune ? My pretty Polly, I fear you and I must part." Mr. Fane did not present himself at the cottage next morning, aaPolly half hoped ; and after dinner, putting on her hat, she strolled,up,to see her friend Alice Warren. If Mr. Fane was coming she would meet him, or ifhe went to the house, and found her out, it would do him no harm to wait. She did not meet him however, and reaching the bailiffs abode, she found Alice alone and in some perplexity. «OTmfa the matter, Alice?" Polly asked. a message from father that Billy's to go up to the Priory as fast as he can. There's a sort of water party, and they want him to row one of the boats." Miss Mason pricked up her ears, A water party ; this was why Mr. Fane bad not put in an appearance that morning. AA'hjabad he told her nothing of this ? " Mr. Francis and Mr. Guy can row, but that artist gentleman-you know him, Polly-cannot, and Billy's to row his boat. Whatever shall I do P" A sudden inspiration flashed across Polly's mind -across that speaking face of hers. She could row. An intense curiosity possessed ber to see how Mr., Fane conducted himself in tile society of Miss Hautton. He had told her yesterday, in the plainest terms, the Honorable Diana was nothing, less than nothing, to him. Hire was a chance to prove his truth or falsehood. Alice read her mis- chievous design in her face, and clasped her hands. "Oh, Polly, don't!" she cried aghast. Only six weeks before Polly had brought up some walnut-juice and hair-dye from among Dnke's theatrical properties, and arrayed herself m Billy's garments, and stepped down to calf upon Rosanna, and actually sat and chatted with that lady for full twenty minutes without her ever discovering how shamefully she was being imposed upon. Folly's saucy face was full of laughing, roguish, reckless delight now at the prospect of fun. . " JJon't Polly !" pleaded Alice, " only think if you should OB found out" "1 shall!" said "Polly, and her friend knew that. " I shall" was as unalterable as the laws of the Medes ; " and I won't be found out. If 1 am, it isn't a hanging matter., ril go, ano. row the gentler man who can't row himself. Get the walnut-juice and hair-wash, and Billy's Sunday-go-to-meetin's, Alice." Dear fair, sensitive reader, you are shocked, I am sure, but please remember, this shocking little madcap was only sixteen, as full of frolic as a kit- ten, and even you, perhaps, were not as wise at sixteen as you are now. She acted on impulse all the evil and misery of the girl's after-lifo came from that-she acted'on impulse, she never paused to think. There bad gone into the bailiff's house a pretty, fair-haired girl-there came out, a swarthy-skinned, black- baired lad, whose straw-hat was very much slouched over his eyes, whose hands were thrust deep in his jaoket-pockets, and who walked along with your true boy's swagger. Alice looked after her, in laughing wonder, not unmixed with dismay. " Her own mother would not know her," the bai- liffs daughter thought ; " but, good gracious I if she should be discovered." This dusky boy, woo might have served as a mo- del for Murillo, had that immortal been alive, sped along at a swinging pace. Half-simile on he came face to face with Mathew Warren himself. " You, Billy ! you hurry," called the parent gruffly -he reeognized the hat and jacket, and took hia offspring tar granted^ " cut across them meadowa now, and down to the lake like fun. The gentry's awaitin'." , The bid bounded across the meadows, every pulse tingling with excitement and the fun of the thing. For the impropriety-well, did not Viola, in the garb of a page, follow bar knight to the wars, and ? did not Helen Mar, in male attire, penetrate to the prison of-her Scottish Chief,-and was not Helen Max but one remove from an angel f If pages' costume were the correct thing for ladies a few hundred \- years ago, where was the great harm now in Billy's Sunday jacket and sit-upons ? , Amid the wooded slopes of the great park lay the men, or lake, a broad, deep sheet of water, embo- somed in wooded heights, and with two small is- lands nestling like emeralds on its shining breast. These islands were- famous picnic places, and the present destination of the party. There were three boats. As Polly sprung lightly down the green slope, she took in the whole scene. There was Mr. Francis already launched in his white skiff, with Lady Charteris and a Miss Mortimer, a .near neighbor ; there was Mr» Guy, with Mias Maud Charteris, and two other young ladies in sky-blue muslin; and there waa Mr. Allan Fane, standing beside Misa Hautton, and looking helplessly at his " boat upon the shore." Why had he never learned to row ? Would that bailiffs boy never come ? For, if one may venture to use such an expression with regard to so high-bom a lady, Miss Hautton was in the sulks. Had not Francis Karlscourt " chaffed" Mr. Fane in her presence concerning his rustic inamorata, and, though the Honorable Diana was disdainfully uplifted and indifferent to such people, she had felt a sharp pang of anger and jealousy. Just now she was haughty, frigid, and all Mr. Fane's efforts up to this moment had failed to meit her. " Thank Heaven !" he exclaimed, *' here's that boy at last. You're sure you can row, my lad ? " " Quite sure, sir." How the lad's heart was throbbing under Billy's best waistcoat 1 but the slouched hat hid the eyes that flashed so wickedly. " Permit me to assist you, Miss Hautton ?" The gentleman'spread wraps, and helped his scornful, silent liege lady in with tenderest care. " Shall toe go in search of those water-lilies you spoke of some time since, my dear Miss Hautton ?" " As you please," Miss Hautton answered, politely, struggling- with a yawn ; "as well one place as another." The three thousand a year seemed melting away like morning mist. The young man grew alarmed : ' he might be in love with a dszen village girls, but when it came to marriage, Miss Hautton was the lady. His attentions redoubled, his voice took a pathetically tender accent, his looks might have gone to a heart of flint Ah ! Polly knew these very looks well-they were his stock in trade, given to all alike. He had told her falsehoods then, he was i the suitor of this middle-aged heiress. A red, angry glow began to burn under the walnut-dyed skin. Miss Hautton gradually deigned to relax. The afternoon was not, the sunshine glorious, no one could be very frigid long in such a tropical tempe- rature. The patrician face under the white parasol relented into a smile at some especially gallant whisper of the gentleman. ' " Bah !" she said ; " how much of all that is real, Mr. Fane ? Does your little farmyard nymph sp* predate your fine speechess, I wonder ?" She could not for her life help saying it, and yet she bated herself for letting him see she cared enough for him to be jealous. Mr. Fane's face lighted oerceDtiblv. " What !" he said, with his frankest laugh, " little Polly ! my dear Miss Hautton, she is only a band* some child, a picturesque model, with tawny hair, and melting blue eyes-a model for Greuze. I have set my heart on making the ' Rosamond andEleanor/ a success, ano. here is just the face I want for-.my Rosamond. Who would make speeches, aa you call them, to a little rustic school girl ? Wbat I say to you, Diana !" a pause before the name, and a look, " I mean !" "If you want water lilies, hadn't I better take you tiare," called the voice of the boy wbo rowed, at this janctjire, " they're thick there, I know? He pointed to the smaller island of the two, the other boats were making for the larger. And under the straw hat, how two bright eyes were flashing. "Very well," the lady said, more and more gracious,-"let us go there, then." . " Billy" rowed with vicious energy-full of thoughts of vengeance. " A rustic school girl"-a " picturesque model," indeed ! Perhaps before the day was ended she would teach this matchless deceiver she was something more. The smaller island, " Lily Island" it was called, was abo))t tan minutes' walk in circumference, and two hundred yards distant, either from the shore or the other island. Polly knew this, also that Mr. Fane could no more swim than row, pod a venge- ful resolution came into her wicked, plotting little head. "I'll give you plenty of time .to make love, and propose, Mr. Allan Fane," she thought, sa sha ran her skiff ashore, and leaped out. Mr. Fane carefully assisted his lady. Waa the boy sure the grass was not damp, that the ground was not marshy P Tes, the boy was positive on tbees points, and led the way to where the lilies grew-at a point directly opposite the landing, with pollard willows and alders growing thick between. " Go back to your boat, and wait for us, my lad," Mr. Fane said, *.' We will return in an hour or so." " W3f youî" thought the youth addressed; "that i remains to be seen." The artist ma,de a seat for the heiress, and began filling a small basket, brought far tbe pnrpose, with lilies and wild red berries? He did not mean to propose ¿oat yet-be rather shrank from that ulti- matum, and ïpiBhed to 'postpone his fetters as loiig as possible, but otherwise he was all that the most ¡ exacting lady-love could desire. And yards and yards away over the shining lake the boy and the boat had gone. Gone 1 Polly rowed straight to the shore, moored tbe boat, and with one vindictive, backward look at the distant green speck, went coolly on her home- ward way. "Hecan't swim,and they won't bear him if he calls," thought the avenger. " When they see the boat here, they'll think he's returned, and won't miss them for some hours. There's to be a dinner party i to-night, and J rather think two of the guests wiU be late." Polly returned to the bailiff's, doffed Billy's clothes, washed away the dye and walnut juice, and went home. Rosanna'wondered at her variable mood, for the rest' of that daj*. Sometimes all aglow with Inward wrath, and again' bursting into inextinguishabloiftts of laughter. ?-?.... " Wrecked on sWesert island," Polly thought -f I wonder how they Jnd themselves by this time?" How, indeed P The lilies were gathered-the lady and gentleman had had a vary pleasant têtt- o-tite-tia* sun was dropping low, and Miss Hautton looked at her watch. Half- past five, and they dined at seven-qnitptime to go home and dress. She took her escort's proffered' arm and went across the island to the boat. To the boat, indeed! tbe bott was gone. The deserted pair looked blankly around. "What does- this' mean J3" Mr.' Pane asked; " where can tbat little wretch have gone ?" He left the lady and want round ' the .island. All ' in vain, no trace of the boy or the boat remained. He ascended the highest point of tile island, and looked across to the shore; yes, there, mooted together, were the three boats. The whola party ' bad returned-the diabolical urchin had got tired waiting, and gone off ; they were quite alone-not' a soul to be eeea. ! The truth burst upon Allan Fane, and the curses, not loud but deep, that followed, would have astonished Miss Hautton"could-abe bave beard them. SA* did not swear when tbe truth -waa broken to her, but a flush of intolerable annoyance áfcd morti- fication crimsoned her pale face. To be the subject of a jest, a source of ridicule and laughter, was, beyond aU things, a horror to this lady's pride. And would net this story-this being deserted on an island with Allan Fane, serve to keep her friends in merriment for months to come ? "What is to be done?" aba asked, trying to repress her intense anger and mortiÊcation. Mr. Fane did not know, ne was out of his ¿.epth altogether. He tried shouting until be was hoarse -all in vain-there was none to hear. And ibe sun went down, gushing sky and lake with red light, and the momenta wore on, and with each Miss Hautton's trouble deepened- Great Heaven, she thought, if sha should be obliged to pass the night here! Thejnoments, the boors passed-it was past eight. The evening wind arose, chill from the far-off Ger- man Ocean, the warm red glow died ont of tbe sky, it turned cold and gray. A ripple darkened the -'- «t .tis iii»-»rrpeniw foe was rising. fear. But relief was at hand-sent by the wicked plotter herself. Billy-the real Billy, dispatched with a bribe and a promise of inviolable secrecy, launched one of the skiffs, and reached the island just as the darkness of night wes wrapping sea and land. Mr. Fahe sprang upon him with an oath. " You infernal young rascal ! Why did you play us this trick?" Billy wriggled himself free, and looked up with a face of injured innocence. I " Lera me go. I didn't play you no trick. I ain't been here to-day afore." And looking closely at him, Allen Fane knew be had not.1 And then there dawned upon him a thought, a wild idea, but a true ona He said nat a word. He helped Miss Hautton in quite meekly, and did not speak five words all the way home, < " - For Polly, she laid her head upon her pillow that night with the virtuous pride of one who has brought the wicked to righteous retribution, and heaped coals of fire upon the head of the deceiver and slanderer. 