HIS GRACE OP JSAZIANZUS. Ths meeting on Monday night in St. Mary's Seminary, h=*ld with the view of complimn'ing hits Giace, Dr. Vanghan, and of rai-invj f'-.nda to present bim with a carraige, and in other inspect* place him ia a position of coinjjurati^e nviep ndence, was both influential and numerous. J H. Loughuan, Esq., J.P., of Melbourne, P'esidel at t-he uoeecn;, au-i the first aM aec »nd resolu ions formally in -ved, aad adapted warmly hy trie peop e. were el queutiy upporied, by the Rev. G. i\ Dillon, Carurien , tho Rev. M. J. Ryan, Newos'la ; Mr. Daniel. George O'Con nor, *nrl R M. Foster, Yurk--;treeb, Sy Iney. Father Dilloa read the tirat resolution aa follow 8 : — 'Tha- 1. .is raeeti -g pledges itaelf ti nso its bosfc energies £--r the rtx ization of a substantial sum to mf efc the wants of bia Grace tho Aruh^iahop Coadjutor, and that the sum be presentel to ' him as a mark of the l'-va and esteem entr taiued for him by the. people of the Arcbdioc- s \ and desarrad by his zeil an I l&'ioura, and eminent abilities yinca ho cauie amongst them.' Father Dillon, then said : Dean M'Carthy asked me while passing through the city to apeak to this resolution, and he was at pains just before tha moetiug commenced to explain to me the reasons which justify its adoption. He also stated that there were misoouoeptions to be removed. I mnst say that he succeeded in fully convincing me of the necessity of the movement j and if I oan satisfy you as fully as he baa satisfied me upon the point, I have no doubt it will fully realize all that he and those interested in it, expect. It is very true that it follows soon after another movement of what is supposed to be of the same nature ; it is equally true that the latter movement has nofc baen a suooese. I do not defiire to say one word except in praise of those who initiated and conducted it. They meant well, aud difficulties were in their path that do not any longer exist It was a movement to welcome his Grace, than a stranger to the rnont ofus,audto prepare a home for him . There waa little neoasmity to organizu a wel come. He was sure to receive thai us became his rank, and the source from which he came. Brit we find that ike funds contributed for a home were, ao far as his taste and requirement went, scarcely required at all. A very fine' furnished mansion was placed at his disposal, some £1300 was laid out upon it, and not half that was rea lised to meet the costs. He has shown us that the simple cell or room of a student w«m dearer to him than a palace. He has abandoned his fine dwelling for tho funheranoe of our greuteit work— that of Catholic Education ; but in abandoning that dweliiiifjand its appurtenances, he finds himself burdened wiih a debt on its ac count of over £600. It, eerrninly is not his fault that tho debt stares him in the face It ought not do so, aud it wi 1 not do so, I am certain, the moment the Catholic people of this diocose know of his need. Then, again, he was at many expenses in ooming to us. You know one of your olergyrnen cannot travel, nor would yoa suffer him to travel, as a pauper. One in his Grnce's position had, when called npou by the Vicar of Christ to undertake ths grave respon sibility of our care, and could have nothing. In encoring religion, he left the splendours of a luxurious home. His patrimony belonged to religion from that hour. One who in secular life might reasonably aspire to the highest posi tion at the Bar, or in the oounoils of his country — one who in an ecclesiastical sense would cer tainly have been employed in the first ecclesias tical position of England — was given to us by our Holy Father; and it would surely not ba wished by anyofusthatsuoh a one should go, after his appointment, and beg from his wealthy kindred what this large and generous community were so well known to be able and willing to supply. I have had some experience of our young Arch bishop ; and while I am very sure he would, if required, beg for the poorest of his flock, he oonld ask nothing for himself por soually. Ho will beg for your Cathedral, for your schools, for your orphans, for your poor. He is at this moment begging from oue of the richest noblemen in England a sum of money sufficient to enable me to purchase a farm for his poor but much beloved aborignals in Burragoraug. Bat I am certain he would want sadly indeed befora he would ask you for one ! penny for himself. Now he finds himself b\ir- ' dened with the debts contracted in his coming, ! and which place upon him an additional liability of over £50.000 In order to relieve him. therefore, of this debt which absolute necessity i created, and the former sum we' want nearly j £1200 Then again there is another matter we ' have to consider. He cannot travel without a conveyance, and surely none of us would like to see him otherwise than in one becoming his rank. Now this is a real want, and I hava some reason to speak of it. On the first com mittee of the clergy I advocated the pur chase of a carriage and a pair of horses, aa the Bapplying of a first necessity in tha case of one having much to travel. Had that boon supplied, and tha balance obtained been expended npon the other wants of his Grace, there would now be surplus — he would have a oarriage and co debt. Now he has a debt and noo»rriage, I was obliged, when inviting him to B rragorang (or the opening of our oburch, to get the oarriage of a generous Protestant lady to bring him there : anrl so grieved were my poor but generous people at seeing him w thou* a oarriage of hia own, that; they in stantly subscribed £65, which sum, having been supplemented by 9 Catholic lay gentleman by just as much more, we were able to purchase a good pair of oarriags horseB and harnass tor him. I saw in the Freeman that the people of Sydney were going to place a very fin* carriage behind these horses. The carriage is ordered, butithastobe paid for. I am certain theproceeda of this testimonial will do that, in addition to the rest, and even leave a little balance to put him perfectly square with the world, and remove the incubus of ilabc from his mind. This is, so far as Dean M'Carthy has explained to me, tha true state of the case, and when it is so 1 need not s iy one word to induce all here to-night, and all whom my words may reach in the city and arohdioooae to do their duty God basin His mercy, through His Vioar, given us in his Grace one with whom we are well pleased. Before his coming, we may not all have duly appre ciated the grand gif , and his Oraoe is the firsc to acknowledge that under the pecular eiroum stances of the case, we were not to bo blamed. But he came strong in tho confidence of tha Vicar of Christ and well able to justifv that, confidence, and he oan in truth any veni, veidi vise. He came to us, and we may fairly be excused if we are a little proud of him. Even our separated brethren are proud of him. Eng land or any nation in Europe would ba as proud of him. His testimonial then is, while aolear duty, a means of telling the world that we appreciate j him, and tha servio'-s already rendered by him. We have in him one who is a profound scholar and thinker, one of the first ecclesiastical masters of the age, and one who, added to these, a practical skill in administration — a knowledge of men aud things, raraly found — or nob at all found, exoept in the saints — combined wich large abstract intellectuality. Best all, he is good — devoted to his work. H» cannot do it with effect while in pecn iary difficulty, from persoual debt. Let us think then of what our Protestant episcopal follow- country men do for their bishops. Let us remember then we are the same people, who in the other dioceses of New South Wales — notably in the case of Dr. Mui'ray, aud now again in the case of Dr. Qm'nn — are doing so much for their prelates. Let us re member that our own honour is bound up with the necessary collection, and it will not fail. A truco to all other collections until it is over. Let each one determine upon making some sacrifioo, as a tost of our love for our young Archbishop, and very soon, I am confident, Daau M'Cartby and tho people of St.. Mary's will make a commencement, that will j;ive such an impetus to the movement, as will mak« it a groat aud a signal aucoass. (Applause.) Mr. FoR3T&R; wioh con-id- raule vigour of ox presaioti, ruuca interested the meeting for o-er twouty mi(;utes, with an able speech on h'oe general merits of Hia Grace of Kaziaiziin, aind tho obligations ot tho Catholic body to aim. Tue Rrfv M. J. RYAN(Ne*vcfist e), in speaking othe ^ecooii res 1-ittwn, Slid. — 'That he booed h- would participate in the mer t of ob-viienoe, in r i g at a ra -mi-nt's ooti e to support the re o uti n la r-ii in his harms. He was ^ratified i the ext cue to see — jud«inj ^y wnat he both.' saw n ' heard - h -w thorough y t'e good p odI' ? f Sy n y app-ecinted tho Coadjutor Ar hbisho-. Ft no on^ was more full}' con v need han he was, of t,be lea on they hadro ^e proud of such a man — and not only tho people ot S.';n«y, b«fc -f the entire province, had ieaion to he pr/^d of their future Metropolitan. . Ho was happy in beu--3 competent to bear testi mony to the truth of the JX«v. Mr. Dillon's state ments, that there was no .tnore fit or worthy man to he found in England ,^r *°i8 h'^h and responsible position than Dr. Wugnan, who now fills in this colony tha imporfea^i position of Administrator of of the Archdiocese. Jf allowed, be would be happy in quoting a passao£ .from a cougraulatory letter be had received from a leaned and distinguished ecc'esiast c, occupying a posi tion, that enabled him to jud-j(e as well ag aiTy other man in England on this point (hear, hear*) This gentleman said in referring to His Grace of Nazianzus— that after the great and venerated Archbishop of Westmin ster, Dr. Manning, he knew of no man better suited for the exalted and im portant office of the future Archbishop of New South Walps thau Archbishop Vaughan. (Applause.) Indeed, considering the wants of the C&urch;, and other circumstances in England, it seemed marvellous to him that such a man was permitted to come to us. Great, therefore, should be our gratitude to Heaven for such 3 b!es3ing as ib has in this instance I estowed upon u*. And in no instance should we be forgetful of our illustrious Holy Father the Pop \ wh© had been an instrument of the Holy Ghost, in this matter. However, whilst saying this, tha Catholics of this country must never slum ber over the fact that the irit ati'e, and pro rniutnt active part thoroughly dispi -yi'g itself in this arrangement was that; of our Venerated Prelate— the Archbishop of Sydney. (Much cheering.) And Mr. Chairman lad'es and gentlemen — if still further permitted to apeak on, I would he hippy in adducing corroborative proof, verifying this statsmenc. For I rjmenibHr distinctly after my return to tha co ony, e ghfc or ni:je aszo years ago, being bonoure t by Lis Grace with an invitation to me t --i i- at Lyni hurat Coll- gj. On amoving through some of the ro^ms of that magnificent institution — uU Graoa the Archbish.p, pointing to the ph-'tograph of Dr. Vaughan, ? xciairned — ' and that man will be the future Ai chbishop of Sydney.' (Auplame.) Ti;e Rev. Father B,_yau tti-n p oc-eiel t- say t1' at he hid the fullest cmftde cj, ba^ed on am in iroat- knowledge of the peop'e of Sydney for ove- twenty-a-.x years — that the.' wouid on % his important ou.asion, not f a 1 to di-x-hargH their daty ooily and well. Thpy the Cat^olica of the A'ch;iocese of Sydney pa'-ticulaily wer» under an obiga'i n to Dr. V.u^han in ooming anhon^t them ; they owed agreatdeal to iheir beloved and -sgacious Archlish^p, in se'ectin^ and n-m.niiini hi;n — *nd how that th y had h:m in their midst. rh--y should generous y pu h forwar I an I uive h m all the sympathy and *upp r, ti aton« ir. h s exalted *tf te deB- rved. Mr. D. G. O'Connor 8upp rted Father Ran1!' utrerancet »-y a fpercb 1 h*rac erset by gre i' abi ity, much acquaintance wrh eccleai nsticil i i 'ory, and also ot the ueneral condition of the rh tj!j in the-e colonies, in Europe and t e Uni e I St tes of Aiierica. A tjommi tee of the leading parishioners was fnr-i-e 1, trea u e s we e appointed, and the bun ness o thy neeting waa cIob d 'r-y a vnte --f thtt'iks tu the c 'i airman, moved by Mr. W. Hughta, and seeoailt-d iy VI r. H mi^an. On the |.:l-tf -rm were Dean M C^rtby, Dean. F'de, Fatber-s Bi ch, RyaD, Dillon, Hayrs, Riord^n (the Collector-General), Ma' ony. J. J. Carro'l, P. Carrol1, and Mes r=. Lotuhn&ip; O'D -wri, F ana an, M Hughes, E. H lin ale, R. M. F«Ts*e-, D. G. O'C--- n -r, Dr M IJ nagh0 M. J. Murphy, Pi' t Btreet; Captain O'SulLyau, D. M. Ryan, P. M'Mahon, a;id J. Sp'uson. 