THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. JLtBOCR FOR. THE J«ORTHEK-* TERRITORY. An important and singularly opportune suggestion reaches us from India. It is well known that at the present time the develop ment of the resources of the intertrooica regions of Australia is sadly retarded by the want of labour. So far as our own Northern Territory is concerned there is no little danger of an early collapse of the settlement owing to the dearth of population. It is not alone the agricultural capabilities of the place that are being left untested, chiefly, aa -we believe, through a feeling on the part of capitalists here and elsewhere that the requi site labour will not be forthcoming; but even its mineral wealth is ceasing to be attractive. The auriferous reefs in which it has been proved to abound are, with a few exceptions, being left unexplored— not because the search for gold is unpro mising, but because workmen cannot be had at a reasonable rate of pay to prosecute that search. No matter now enterprising a Company may be, no matter how cheering its prospects, it is impossible for it to with stand the discouraging influence of exorbi tant wages demanded by labourers ill-suited to the climate, and consequently ill able to perform the duties required of them. The only course open to it is to reduce its stafl as low as it safely can, and wait a more favourable opportunity for carrying on its operations. Under circumstances such as these the proposal which came to hand by the last mail merit3 a hearty welcome. Hitherto the great Indian Empire has been jealous of a 1 attempts to decoy away its population. With paternal solicitude the Government have watched over the teeming millions of its subjects and affectionately restrained all disposition on their part to leave the parent land. Emigration is not expressly prohibited 'by law, but the State retains the control thereof in its own keeping. The Hindus ianese are only allowed to embark at certain ports, and then not without undergoing a strict examination as to their fitness for foreign labour and the induce ments that have been held out to them to leave their own native paradise. Where they go out under a contract of service they must give evidence of an intelligent know ledge of, its contents, and the ships in which they take passage must be officially approved. .Even when the destination of the labourers * not more distant than Assam or one of the t her tea-producing provinces in its neigh ua rhood the .same stringent regulations are iroa ebt to bear upon them. It is even made cooi lition that the country to which they re 8hiL ^P^ shall provide for sending them tack wh, ?n their period of service is at an end. 'hese resections are designed as a check upon he development of evils akin to those which iave been brought to light in connection vith the Piolyne&'an labour traffic. That hey have in this respect served a useful mrpose is beyon»d question, but they have ikewise tended to shut up the race in. the country, which, although ci vast dimensions, a none too large for ft population of so many icores of Bullions. In ordinary times there is little difficulty in prpyjdisg for *be modest wants of even this enormous mass of people; but the famine now betpnning to grow Bore in. the presidency of Bengal has opened the eyes of the authorities to the fact that the food resources of the Empire in a time of pressure are scarcely equal to the task of teeping the whole population alive. Hence it is that Lord Eorthbrook has been induced to recommend emigration as one of the safe guards against actual want in the present emergency as well as a means of per manent relief for the Empire. It is not at all to be wondered at that the prospect of having to feed two and a half million people during a period of seven months has turned the viceroy's attention to this means of lightening the gigantic burden now laid upon him. Of course anything that is done in this matter must be done through the Govern ment. This is the plan followed in the case of Mauritius and Ceylon, which for years hare been customers for Coolies, and it is not at all likely to be foregone in respect to the Australian Colonies. Our correspon dent at Colombo declares that a Convention would be readily granted at the present time, and it is the plain duly of our Govern ment to ask for it so soon as they can see their way clear to guarantee employment for the immigrants that may be introduced. With this view the co- operation of Mining Companies of assured standing, and of capitalists disposed to turn to account the known capabilities of the Territory for the growth of rice, sugar, coffee, and other tropical products, ought without delay to be sought. To say nothing of tho extent to which the credit of South Australia proper is pledged in regard to the colonization of the Northern Territory, the Government are too deeply interested in a pecuniary sense in the success of the settlement to be able to afford to treat with indifference the allim poitant question of supplying it with suitable labour. It may be that the authority of Parliament will be required before any actual arrangement is come to, and if so the sooner it is obtained the better. Iu the meanwhile, however, negotiations may be opened up with a view of removing all such grounds of delay as are not dependent on tiie action of the Legislature. Local Self- Governme-t. Some fifty of the principal residents in Pahnerston have memorialized His Excel lency to confer upon the capital of the Northern Territory the advantages of local self-government. The area which it is proposed shall be included within the limits of a District Council includes 1,280 acres, or thereabouts, and the following are named as the first Councillors: — Messrs. Joseph Skelton, Samuel Reynolds, Moss Judah Solomon, Robert Caldwell, and Richard Wells. The principal clause of the memorial runs thus: — 'Thatyour petitioners inurging their petitionarepositivethatunless sanitary measures are enforced fever and other diseases, which this portion of the colony is unfortunately liable to, will increase to a serious degree as the population increases, which measures can only be efficiently enforced through the medium of a District Council.' It is gratifying to find that the new settlement is developing this self-reliant policy at so early a period in its history, and the Government, unless very strong reasons are advanced on the opposite side, will do well to encourage it by a prompt acquiesence in the prayer of the memorial. The public money applied in subsidizing the rates raised for sanitary purposes in the Territory will be money well laid out. General Intelligence. We have been favoured with the following extracts from letters received from the Nor thern Territory by the recent mail : — Palmerston, January 17, 1874. I commence by wishing you ' a happy new year.' Don't 'return the compliment. I can only imagine an ironical sneer on your otherwise benign countenance if you did so. Every attempt at being jolly in this Eden of Australia is a mere burlesque — of tomfoolery there is plenty ; of true enjoyment little, if any. Oh, Billy Cowper ! Billy Cowper ! if thy gentle, nature could but have experienced for three months the ills that flesh is heir to in this Northern Territory, with what frenzied furore would'at thou have dashed thy pen through those oft- quoted lines of thy '.Task,' ' Oh for a lodge in some vast wilderness,' &c;, as the silliest wish for human being to desire or pep to indite. Ghost of the departed bard! visit this realm. Look on us poor mortals cooped up like sheep in a foul pea, cut off from civilized society, our bodies tormented with prickly heat, irritating bey omlall endurance, and as we scratch, scratch, scratch, morning, noon, and night; and bcratch, scratch, scratch till maddened at last outright, we tear the flesh from our bones, and suffer in consequence the worse evil of ulcerous and corrupt sores. Ghost of Billy ! look at me, if you can see any mortal by daylight, with my leg bound up in rags and towels ; ay— a mass of corruption, nothing but wounds and bruises and putrefying sores. Go through our township, ghostly friend, and see the men and women speckled like measly babies. Look at the pale faces, the lean bodies, the feeble gait ; look at the many poor wretches, nerveless, helpless, that drag their fever- stricken bodies through our streets, more lite the animated carcases of mummies, than of living forms of the sons of South Australians. iLCorporeal Billy! look at the dogs that lay exhausted in our roadways, the cocks that haven't got strength to jump on a rail and 'crow;' the horses, like Tarn o' Shaater's nag, more bones than flesh; the cows that, like Mrs. Dombey, haven't strength to make an effort, and bear only very tiny calves. Shade of the departed disembodied Billy' see our bodies covered with sores, tormented with flies, mosquitoes, crickets, cockroaches, rats, ants, . spiaers, and other vermin too numerous to mention; see us roasted by day, and parboiled in the exudations of our own body by night; see us eating our bouflli, preserved vegetables, sour bread, with bad appe tite and discontented minds. Poeumatescopic Billy! look, look on this - picture, and say wouldst thou desire to lodge in this vast wilder ness, this boundless contiguity of shade, where nothing reaches us except by telegrams above twice or thrice in six months. Go thy ways, ghost, go! better live to have our ears painec aco our souls sickened witn every -day reports of wrong and outrage to mix in the busy strife of towns that men have made than be banished to the wilds of the Northern Territory, which God made to be the abode of blaukfellows, but not for civilized, domesticated, and society-loving whites. So mush as a reason why I don't wish to be bored with the compliments of the season. It would be out of place here. We can't com pliment each other, and laugh sardonically when we speak of being happy. Yam 'Creek, January 6, 1874. I hear and I suppose you do of several managers being recalled, and those who are not are getting so disgusted with their Directors that they won't stop after their agreement is up. It is very vexing, after putting up with no end of inconvenience, worry, anxiety, risk of health, and thorough hard work, to get talked of as though there had been neglect, and I am getting sick of it. It is bad enough, to live in a wilder ness, without knowing what is going on in the world, and without seeing a woman or child from week to week (worse than ravages), but to have do allowance made for unforeseen difficulties is only adding injustice to misfortune. The last year will be long remembered by South Australians I expect, and I hope it may prove that the enterprises then started were the small beginnings of great successes., I cannot belp thinking thai eventually this country wi7l prove a very rich one, but as I told you before it will require time and patience. We were all rery much astray in our notions of getting the rarious Companies into working order, and bhose who were here and ought to hare given the information did not do so. I am not alto* jether surprised at the state of things in Ade aide, but 1 do think that some amount of lonfioence should be placed in those who are here, instead of abusing us all and believing the original Bwindlers. Earthquakb at Palmbhston.— The Superin tendent of Telegraphs has favoured us with the subjoined message, which on Thursday, Marcb 12, he received from Mr. Little, the Port Darwin Stationmaster:— 'At 5.24 a.m. I was awoke by a severe shock of an earthquake, accompanied by a low rumbling sound like that of distant thunder. All crockery ware in the house was rattling go loudly that I thought it was some of the staff knocking at the door to ship the mails per Tararua. The motion was a quick shaking one, and not like that of the shock experienced several weeks ago, which more resembled a wave passing under the feet. Shock alee felt on board Tararua and Analgista in harbour.'' The Gold Reefs. Northern Territory Gold.— Mr. W. G. Goodcbild has shown to the Editor of the Herald one large and a Email button of fine smelted gold obtained from crushings of samples brought from Pine Creek. The first of these buttons,|which -weighs 4 ozs. 9 dwts., is the produce of 4J cwt. of quartz from the Christmas Claims, being at the rate of 20 ozs. to the ton; while the smaller button, which weighs 8$ dwts., was obtained from l\ cwt of quartz from the Pine Creek bonus lease, being at the rate of about 7 ozs. to the ton. The Howlet Creek.— The adjourned half yearly meeting of this Northern Territory Com pany was held at Queen's-Chambers on Friday, March 6, Mr. J. Storrie presiding. The Directors' report stated that in consequence of the in temperance and negligence of the Manager he had been dismissed and Mr. Alexander Heslop appointed in his place. Mr. Heslop had acted energetically, and bad sent very favourable reports of the prospects and progress of the mine. The diggers at the southern boundary were getting splendid gold. The captain had 15 tons of quartz at grass, and expected the stone to yield 4 ozs. per ton. Mr. Heslop con sidered the property valuable, and one on which it would be worth while expending money. The Manager, in whom the Directors had great confidence, has since tendered his resignation, as he required to be paid in cash, and that the Directors were not in a position to do. The Chairman referred to the number of calls un paid, and regretted that in consequence the Directors were crippled in their operations. The prospects of the property were excellent, and it bid fair to be a very profitable concern. He did not think it advisable to go on making calls until the shareholders had' paid up the arrears. It was suggested by a shareholder that permission should be obtained from the Com missioner of Crown Lands to suspend the work ing for a few months, as now probably through bad times some of the shareholders failed to pay their calls. The Chairman said the men were engaged for a fixed time, and the Directors could not dismiss them — they would demand their wages, and it would be useless to suspend for three months if the Company had to pay wages. A discussion ensued as to the advisa bility of calling upon the defaulters to pay, and on refusal forfeit their shares; but it was objected that forfeiture would do away with the claim for future calls. It was resolved to carry on for three months. North Pom Gold Mining Company.— The annual meeting of this Northern Territory Company was held at the Register-Chambers, on Saturday, March 21. There were five share holders present in person, and a similar number by proxy, the total number of shares repre sented being 1,510. Mr. J. P. Stow presided. The balance-sheet showed cash due to the joint account of the Amalgamated Companies, £1,228 9s. 3d; to the Bank of Australasia, £348 16s. 2d. The capital uncalled was £1,250, and arrears of calls amounted to £607 10s. On machinery £1,619 7s. had been expended, on stores £391 0s. 7d., on freight, &c.;, £788 16s. lid., on horses £125, and on orders from the Territory £954 12s. 8d. The statement of assets and liabilities showed a balance in favour of assets of £351 48\. lid., exclusive of £400 to be received from the Insurance Company-for machinery lost. The following extract from Captain Paul's despatch, included in the Directors report^ was read :— ' In North Point I have had a large amount of costeening done with the view of finding a well-defined reet to sink upon ; this I am glad to say I have now got, the reef being about Zh feet thick. A shaft is mink down 17 feet ; fine gold is occasionally visdblo in the stone, but not rich though well worthy of a trial. I have also found other branches and spurs in the costeen pits worthy of trial, and would now be going on with bad I men and means. I have sufficient stone raised for a trial crushing — say about 20 tons — but I think it is of low percentage^ and therefore do not think it advisable to put a larger quantity through at first.' The South Eleanor.— The ordinary annual meeting of this Northern Territory Gold Mining Company was held at the Register-Chambers, Grenfeli-street, on Tuesday, March 24. Telegrams from Captain Bowles and Mr. Jno. Robertson reported that there were four men employed in opening up the reef and leaders. Two of the latter being opened up pear the hut were 15 inches wide, and increasing in going down. There were two other large reers running parallel, besides numerous leaders, both of which* were considered main line reefs, and in the adjoining claims showed fine prospects. Trenehing was being started on these lines to develop them. In conjunction with the North Eleanor Company they bad purchased one-third of the interest of the Golden Reef Company, which had been wound up, in the machinery, Ct, tools, stores, &c.; Mr. W. Liston had appointed Inspector and Auditor in the Northern Territory. It was mentioned that complaints bad been made with reference to the alleged misconduct of the captain, and that enquiries would be made. The statement of accounts set down the receipts at £6,266, and tho expenditure at £6,560. There was a Bank over draft of £196. Machinery had cost £2,757, freights £344, and plant, tools, materials, &c;, £1,666. The balance iu hand was £10. It was stated that £1,233 15s. were due on outstanding calls, and it was urged that vigorous measures should immediately be taken to get in the money. The A'OBTH Eleanor.— The annual meeting of this Northern Territory Gold Mining Com pany took place at Mr.- Coates's offices, Grenfeli-street, on Tuesday, March 24. There were about a dozen shareholders present, and 'Mr. E. M. Bagot presided. The captain's latest report, dated October, 1873, mentioned that several reefs had been found with payable gold in each. The claim was on a high hill, and he had taken bearings for a tunnel, which would cut all the reefs in the hill. The prospects were very good-^equal to those of any of the very best reefs in the Northern Territory. The balance-sheet showed that the total receipts bad been £7,630, and the expenditure £7,628. The claims had cost £1,500; machinery, £2,751; stores, £1,964; freight £344; plant, &&, £1,666; horses, £738. Tho suspense account amountec to £1,047. Mr. J. Robertson, reported :— ' No. 1 Shaft might be called, the crown claim of the reef. It has been prospected much, and by merely breaking up some stone I had no diffi culty in finding nice gold, and can only express my entire satisfaction with the property.' Cap tain Bowles recently stated that the stampers were now breaking payable quartz for the South Eleanor Company. The result was satisfactory. The engine had come, and the foundation for the battery was being built.- The staff of men had been reduced to 18. FivEASH Reef Gold Miking Company.— The half-yearly meeting was held on Monday, March 23, at the Register-Chambers; Mr. J. M. Solomon presided. There were 12 shareholders present, personally or bv proxy, and 2,030 shares represented. The Directors' report stated that they regretted the non-payment of calls had led to unavoidable irregularities in ? the payment of wages due in accordance with the agree ment entered into, and causing hard ships to several families who had to receive wages under this agreement. A telegram from Thos. Cornelius, who was in charge, dated March 7, 1874, in reply to one stating that no work had been done, said— ' Deliberate falsehood about work. Three shafts sunk, 7, 18, and 20 feet. Driven out by water, now tunnelling ; men refused orders, require cash. . Recommend to keep them on till arrival of Tararua report. Reply.' Telegram to 33x08. Cornelius, dated March 19, 1874. ' You? own. account shows amount of work done trifling. Cany out instructions contained in my telegram March 6. Orders paid here on presentation'.-7! The Directors expected to re ceive detailed reports by the Tararua, of the contents of which the shareholders would be immediately made aware. The accounts showed that there was £2,123 capital collected, and the assets were £259 13s. 9d. in excess of liabilities, £577 being owing for unpaid calls. The Chairman said if the Directors found they could possibly suspend opera tions for a short time until labour was more plentiful, or the prospects brighter, they bad made up their minds to do so. In the course of a short time they would receive a detailed report of what was done, and would know better what their prospects were. It would then be determined what course further to pursue, and whether the work should be con tinued or entirely suspended. Mr. T. Baker asked if there was anything in the shape of gold upon tie property. Mr. J. P. Stow said Mr. Cor nelius had reported haying a gold-bearing leader, and afterwards he said he lost it. Thb Royal Standard.— The annual meeting of this Northern Territory Gold Mining Com pany [was held at the Register-Chambers, Grenfeli-street, on Tuesday, March 24. The Captain reported, under date March 18: — ' Machinery nearly all on ground, timber com plete and fixed— 100 tons quartz payable for crushing. Four men now engaged sinking. Engine Shaft down SO feet Still taking out stone. Reef eight feet wide. Believe to be good reef in course of time.' Mr. Joha Roberteon, one of the Directors, who had recently returned from the Northern Territory, reported :— ' The Royal Standard is well situated on high ground, the reefs passing through the claim, and large and well defined oh the surface, standing 10 or 15 feet out of the ground. 1 had no difficulty in finding gold. I broke up several large stones about 5 to 6 cwt., taken from about 1 to 2 feet under the surface, and found gold right through the heart thickly studded. The one most prospected upon is a large centre reef; but there are two large reefs besides, one west and one east, both showing gold on surface quartz. I feel satisfied the claim is one of the richest in Piae Creek.' The Directors stated that the plant, stores, tools, and materials of the Royal Sovereign Company being for sale, they, in conjunction with the Edel Marie Company, purchased tho same at terms they considered highly advantageous. Mr. Fowler's resignation as Purser of the Company had been accepted. It having been considered that an iniquitous judgment had been obtained by some of their employe's for payment of orders due only on presentation to the Secretary in Adelaide, instructions had been given to apply for a new trial. The balance sheet gave the receipts, with capital account, at £10,631. The total expenditure hadbeen£10,774. Machinery had cost *1,578; stores, £857; horaes, £792; general charges had amounted to £411; and the suspense account was set forth at £1,477. The; question cf obtaining coolie labour was subsequently discussed. Edel-Marie.— The annual general meeting was held at the Office, Register-Chambers, on Tuesday, March 24. There were 15 shareholders present. Mr. E. M. Bagot presided. The latest from Captain Nicholas, dated 'Southport, March 18,' was as follows: — 'Machinery nearly all on ground; timber complete and fixed. Edel-Marie tunnel in 130 feet. Shaft sunk on reef 30 feet. Reef showing gold five feet wide. When tunnel in 20 feet more expect to strike reef with 70 feet to raise on.' Mr. John Robertson, who had visited the mine, reported as follows: — ' I inspected this property at the same time as the Royal Standard, which property it joins on to, or nearly so. There has been little or no work done, but I believe with development it will prove a rich property, and will be worked to greater advantage than many of the claims through being able to tunnel into the hill and get from 50 to 60 feet backs.' The Directors had purchased, in conjunction with the Royal Standard, the plant ot the Royal Sovereign on highly advantageous terms. Private and official telegrams complained of gross irre gularities in the conduct of Capt, John Nicholas; and Mr. Joshua Jones, who is largely interested in the Company, was re quested to make enquiry into the matter and report on the claims. During the present month, further complaints having reached them, the Directors appointed Mr. W.' Liston Inspector and ?' Auditor for the Company for six months. Mr. Jones's report was unfavourable. The Larrakeeyah Gold Mining Company. —An extraordinary general meeting was held at the office, Temple-Chambers, on Wednesday, March 25. There was a large attendance. Mr. L. M. Cullen, one of the Directors, presided. The .meeting was called 'for the purpose of considering whether or not the said Company can{ by reason of its liabilities, continue its business, when it will be proposed to wind up the same voluntarily, to appoint a liquidator or liquidators, and to fix bis or their remuneration.' The .Secretary, Mr. J. S. Scott, read a state sent of liabilities and assets, but as some of the chiof items on each side were unascertained, it gave no definite information as to the position of the Company. He also read a statement showing that there were calls due and unpaid as follows:— Allotment, £17 10a; first call, £118 7s. 6d.; second, £695; third, £1,750— total, £2,580 17s. 6d. Various propositions were moved, but the meeting collapsed, as it was found that only two gentlemen in the room had paid their calls, and were qualified to vote. Companies to be Wound Up.— The Glad stone, the Jungle Reef, and the Prince of Wale*. 