Visit to Virginia. The visit of the Right Rev. Dr. Rey nolds, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to tho Church of the Assumption, Virginia, took place on Sunday, May 3rd, for the purpose of holding confirmation, and consecrating the marble altar in this Church, which was erected some four or five years ago. This altar is a very beautiful and valuable one. It was im ported from England at a cost of £150 by the late Very Rev. Father Smyth, Y.G.. who then had charge of the mis sion of Virginia ; and by the united and prompt action of the ladies of the con gregation the rev. gentleman was en abled to accomplish its erection. This beautiful work of art consists of six dif ferent kinds of marble. The table part is of Italian marble, in one piece, and weighs over half a ton. The Bishop's visit having been previously announced, the Catholics of Virginia took that op portunity of welcoming him on his first appearance there since his elevation to the episcopacy. They met him some four miles from Virginia, in vehicles and on horseback. His Lordship came by way of Salisbury, and was accompanied by the Rev. Charles Van der Heyden, pastor of the district. At about half- past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, the Bishop was met near the Waterloo Cor ner by a cavalcade of about 25 horse men and a long train of vehicles and conducted to the church. The members of the Virginia branch of the South Aus tralian Benefit Society took part in the procession, and His Lordship got a re ception worthy of his high and sacred office. At a quarter past 9 o'clock, the church was comfortably filled, many coming from a distance to be: present on this occasion, as well as thus to pay' a mark of respect to His Lordship, who has been so intimately acquainted with most of them, having formerly administered to their spiritual wants in the parishes of Gawler and Salisbury. At a quarter past 9 o'clock the ceremony of consecrating the altar commenced. His Lordship, who wore cope, stole, and mitre, was assisted by Father Van der Heyden and six acolytes. The ceremony, which was a most solemn and impressive one, occupied two hours and a half. During the consecration the altar was stripped of its decorations, when the sacred relics of S. Alphonsus Liquori, S. Christopher, S. Lucius Pope and Martyr, and 40 other martyrs, were placed in a silver reliquary and deposited in a receptacle provided for them the centre of the altar. At the conclusion of the consecration Mass was celebrated, after which His Lordship addressed the congregation, and paid a well-merited tribute to the memory of the late Very Reverend Father Smyth, who, His Lordship said, was instrumental in the erection of the altar, and trusted they would not forget him in their prayers before the tribunal of the Most High. His Lordship then gave them his blessing, and imme diately commenced the administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation, when 18 persons were presented by the Rev. Charles Van der Heyden. Most of them were young girls of the school, neatly attired in white, and wearing wreaths. His Lordship impressively addressed those confirmed, and explained in for cible and plain words the grace they had received in the Sacrament of Con firmation in the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost, which gave them strength and grace to fight the good fight of their eternal salvation, he earnestly ex horted them to avoid sin. The following is the address : — " To the Right Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D , by the Grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " Dear Lord Bishop — The members of the congregation of the Church of the Assump tion, Virginia,' affectionately welcome yoiu Lordship on your first visit since your election to the government of this See. " The remembrances which dwell in the hearts of many of us with whose spiritual welfare your Lordship has been so inti mately associated, are strengthened by the fact that their children will now at your Lordship's hands be confirmed in their holy faith. "That your Lordship's wise and loving rule over us may be continued, ad multos annos is the sincere prayer of "Your Lordship's " Affectionate Children in Christ. " Signed on behalf of the Congregation by— " Lawrence Hewitt, Patrick Nash J.P. Edmund Sheedy William Dowdy Thomas Forrestal Michael Hewitt Michael Kaiu John Nash Martin Mclntyre James Walsh John Maloney Patrick Hewitt John Howes Patrick Supple John Ryan Owon Nash John McClaren Michael Slieedy Francis McClaren Michael Clarke John A. Conners Thomas Dondon "Virginia, the Feast of the finding of the Hoi'' Cross, 1874." The address was beautifully engrossed and ornamented. His Lordship in replying to the ad dress, said that he hardly needed this attestation of then affectionate welcome, as on other occasions he had experienced then devotion towards him, as most of them were personally known to him. He attributed this greeting of welcome to His sacred ofiice as their Bishop, which he was called upon as the Vicar of Christ to fulfil, and on accepting the Episcopate of this diocese, he felt the awful responsibity and the difficulties which he would have to encounter, but he relied on their generous co-operation to assist him in overcoming the difficulty which beset his path in clearing off' the heavy debt now on the diocese. He concluded by expressing a hope that every spiritual and temporal blessing would descend upon them. His Lordship took his departure for Salisbury about two o'clock, and was highly gratified at the reception which the good Catholics of Virginia had given him, and the people were well pleased that they had exhibited this mark of respect to then Bishop. 