I TWO CENTURIES HENCE. | [TBOM THB AMBBICAN MANUFACTUBBB.1 Scene. •— Library in the house of an elderly gent, eomsWhere in Australia. Old gent telegraphs to the kitchen, and water ascends in a balloon. Old Ge&t;: John, fly over to Calcutta and tell Mr. Johnson that I shall be happy to' have him to sup with him. Never mind your coat, now. Go. r(John leaves, and at the end of five minutes returns.) John: Mr. Johnson says lie will come; he has got to go to St. Petersburg for a moment and then he will be here. Old Gent: Very well, John. Now start the machine for setting the table, and tele graph to my wife's room and tell her that Mr. Johnson is coming; then brush up my my balloon, for I have engagement in Lon don at 12 o'clock. John flies, and the old gentleman runs over to see thfe West Indies to buy a fresh orange. Majorities and Minorities of Share holders.—The Lords Justices of Appeal in Chancery, in the case of Menier v. Hooper's Telegraph Works (Limited), have decided that a minority of ahftrahfridflre can sue the majority for on account when the latter have been induced to use their voting power to part with some partnership right for -a consideration paid to themselves alone. The point was raised on a demurrer to a suit for an account instituted by the plain tiff, who was a holder of 2,000 shares m the European and South American Telegraph Company (how in liquidation), against [Hooper's Telegraph Company, who were holders of 3,000 shares in the same com pany, and who, it was alleged, had received certain secret benefits to induce them to procure a compromise of claims which the European Company had against Baron de Maua and other parties. The demurrers were—(1) that the shareholders were not in any way trustees foi- their companies, so that Hooper's Company had a right to | vote in the European for the protection of their own interest^ and (2) that only the European Company had a right to sue, while the liquidator opposed the present proceed ings. But these have been entirely over ruled, Lord Justice James remarked that the real case made by the bill was, that the majority had divided assets of the company among themselves, and it would be a shock ing thing to say that this could be done. This case was precisely one where a suit by a shareholder ought to be allowed. Lord Justice Mellish also remarked that "no doubt a shareholder might be allowed to vote for his own interest alone, but he could not be allowed to sell the assets of the company for his own exclusive benefit."— English Paper. , Wilkie Collins and the Inebriated Congressman.—Poor Philip was taken con siderably aback by a new member he in vited to his house to an entertainment he £ive to Wilkie Collins. The Hon. ycuigus. Leotherlungs, from the ATiilr Creek bottoms of Pennsylvania, had been to a dinner-party at Welcker's, and was considerably u sprung" when he reached Mr. Philip's palatial residence. A few glasses of choice-old wine there completed his utter ruin. When he was presented to the celebrated English novelist he seized his hand, and, holding it firmly but affectionately, he gazed with intense earnestness in this face of the novelist, At last, finding words,-he said: "How are you, MilkyP', "I am quite well, sir; from Milk Oreek bottoms, and d—d glad to see you." Here Wilkie made an effort to escape, but the M. C. held on. " I say, old milky, I know you. I've got all your books, and I read one every day. I've got " Hard Cash," the " Last of the Barons" the "Lay of the Last Minstrel," and all of 'em." At this stunning information Wilkie Collins put all his strength into a frantic endeavour to escape. This however, only resulted in the newly-made member of Congress throwing his arms around the neck of the novelist and kissing him on the end of his intellectual nose. The spectacles disap peared in the struggle, and the entire force of the festive throng was brought to bear to throw poor "Milky" into the com mittee of the whole. Next day, on Mr. Philip proposing to escort his distinguished guest to the capital, that he might see the Senate and House of Hepresentives, Wilkie Collins turned pale and said, with a shudder:, "No, I thank you; rather not." And it is an actual fact that this man of genius left Washington without seeing Vinnie Beam's " Lincoln," Powell's " Death of Peary," or the howling " Columbus."— Washington Capital. Josh Boxings on " Dispepshe." I have been a praktikal dispeptik for 27 years and four months; and it would have been munny in my pocket if I had been born without eny stummuck. I have prayed upward of one thousand times to be on the insidft like an ostrich or a travelling col porter. I have seen travelling colporters who could eat as much as a goose. 1 have seen a goose eat till he couldn't stand up enny more, and then set down and eat sum, and then lay down and eat some, and *Vn roll over and feat sum more. I have tried living on filtered water and going barefoot, for the dispepshe, and that don't hit the spot. I have soaked at water-cure esta blishments until I was so limber that I kouldn't git myself back, again inside ov mi Baldwin apparel. I bought a saddle-hoss once, who was^rot up expressly to kure the disease in 90 days, or kill the hoss. He waz warranted to trot harder than a trip-hammer, jull wu8ser;on the bits, stumble safer down lill, than any other horse on the footstool. I rode the hoss until I woz ov a jelly, and then sold him, bridle and all, for sixty-eight dollars, and got sued by the purchaser, and had to pay him 90 dollars and some cents damage, bekause the hoss had the" nimshye," a disease ifenu nothing about. The hoss and fixings cost me 450 dollars gold. I kontiacted for eleven kords of . hickorv wood," kross-grained, and as pliull of wrinkles ag an old cow's hom, and sawed away three months on it, and the pile seemed to grow bigger every day. I finally gave away the saw, and what wood thare waz left, to save my life, and sat down dis couraged, a square victim to the everlasting dispepshe. I. have lived at the sea-side, and gamboled with the saline flood, until I was as well pickled as No. 1 salt mackreL i' have dwelt at Saratoga, and taV>n the water like a lftlll, and still had the dispepshe. 1 have walked two miles before breakfast, and then ett a slice of dri toast, and haff the yolk of a pullet's eg, and felt all the lime as weak as a kitten that had just come outov a fitt.^ I have laid down more than* 2 thousand times, and rolled over once a minute all nite long, and got up in the morning like a korpse, and thare didn't nothing.seem to, ail me ■fenny where in par ticular. . I have read whole library's on the stumxaoek and liver, and wlien I got thru, i j knew & great deal less what was the matter. uv me than when I begun. I have drank whiskee with roots, in it enuff to cany off enny brige or saw mill in the country. I have worked on a farm for my Tittles and board, and dieted on {ride pork and ri bred until i waz az thin az the sermon of a 7 day baptist' preacher. I have dun all theze things and 10 thonsandifcher things just as ridikilus; and I have got the old dispepshee yet, just az natural and as thik azthe pimples of a 4-year-old gooaa. If you git a good hold of dispepshee once, you kant neveJ looze it entirely; it will cum around once in awhile like a ghost, and if it don't scare you so much az it did once and make j yu think you are going to die to- morrow, it j will make yu feel just as sorry.—Yours, Josh Billings. Mark Twain once bought a hor&e; at auction. "In the afternoon," He says "I brought the creature into the Plaza, and certain eitizena held him by the head, and others by the tail, while I mounted. As soon as they let go, he placed all his feet in; a bunch together, lowered his back, and then suddenly arched it upward, and shot me straight into the air a matter of three or four feet! I came as straight down again, lit in the saddle, went' instantly up again,! came down almost on the high pommel, shot up again, and came down on the hone's neck—all in the space of three or four seconds. Then he rose, and stood al most straight on his hind feet; and 1, clasp ing his lean neck desperately, slid back into the saddle and held on. He came down, and immediately hoisted his heels ifi the air, delivering a vicious kick at the sky, and stood on hie fore feet; "and then down he1 came once more, and began the original exercise of shooting me straight up again. The third time I went up I heard a stranger say,- 'Oh, don't he buck, though!' "While I was up somebody struck the librse a sounding thwack with a leather strap, and when I arrived again the horse was not there." A country pedagogue in Henry county. In diana, requested all of his scholars to " a piece" under penalty of a thrashing. A rising genius got ofi the following: Lord of love, Look down-from above On us poor scholars. We have hired a fool To teach our school, And pay him fifty dollars. 