THE LATE CLAIMANT TO THE TICIIBORNE -ESTATES. The following extraordinary letter ap pears in the Age of Saturday:--Trailin up Bourke street the other atternoon, I halted in front of the Waxworks. I there saw a figure said to be an exact likeness of the Tichborne Claimant, supposed to be Arthur Orton, as all- the world knows, Nohw, I thought I knew OftWih'st aibout as early in life as'any one, his own mother ex cepted,and years after hislastparting with his own family, and I failed to identify Orton, but I did recognise a faithful like ness of someone else, of whom more anon. I have often wondered why it is sought to make Orton appear so great arascal, when, on the contriry, no greater softy or kind hearted a man lived, I am sure. I feel somewhat on this point, seeing that we learned the three R's together; the same harid larruped us both, and we were to gether boy and man, and I am the only mran living that can throw a light on his fate. This I have offered to do in a kind of preliminary way when I wrote to Mal leson, England and Stewart in an assumed name at a time when they advertised for Hopwood as being on Mewburn Park Station with Orton in '55, challenging them to put me and another party then in -town face to facq with Hopwood for certain purposes. They did not 'accept my chal lenge, or I should very soon have proved HIopwood wrong, as he never knew Orton in hi': life. The man he did know I brought over from IHobar' Town twenty one years ago, and his first job in Gipps land was to run a wire fence between Pearson's and Capt. Jdnes's stations in'G4, and went afterwards to Johnson's, then to other stations, including being on Boisdale at the time of Iairry's murder. This is the man spoken of by I'Allister and his wife as being afraid of Harry's ghost, and that sort of thing. IIe left Gippsland shortly after '59, and after varying for tunes turned bushranger. The name of this bright specimen was, in Iobart Town, Iorton, not Orton; in Gippsland Horton and out of it Morgan; everybody knows his ending. I do not pen this because I know the man convicted is not Orton, bar ring the knowledge I possess that lie is not. I do not care a straw if the whole aristocracy was in gaol, and made to earn their own tucker; I dare say we should get on very well without them. I have lately seen it stated that an act of canni balism was committed on Roger Tich borne. No, Sir, very different mouths than human have yet to perform that office for his remains. Roger Tichborne, alias Castro, first met Orton on the banks of the Thomson River, in Gippsland, at the end of '54, when Castro was on a journey down from Fpster's place, and their lves are interwoven from that date, and rest assured there was no occasion, as some assert, that Orton should go as Jemmy Ducks or butcher (I suppose be cause his father was a butcher); or ac cording to others, as stock or boundary rider. I fancy I see him, the sailor, on Shorseback. Well, after all the witnesses for and against, and all the gas we for everlastingly read in connection with the Scase, it simply amounts to this-that but for an act of kindness on the part of the claimant to the female members of friend Orton's family, the world would have i known little indeed of Orton, and long ago the claimant would have been in quiet possession of the estates, and to a man like myself, who knows exactly where to-put his hand on men, facts, dates,' and Sdocumentary evidence, and who knew both Orton arid Castro together in Gippsland and elsewhere, and possesses the power to prove it beyond the power of legal in genuity to make me out in the wrong, or prove to the contrary to me, I repeat, the whole affair seems to lie in a nutshell, and already has sufficient hints been sent by me to his(the claimant's) friends and the'Lon don press that, with my help, will put them on the right track to prove him, now living in gaol, no impostor. I knew the original of that waxy face in the Bourke street window twenty years ago, and introduced ihim to some old soldiers, and quietly (after listening to their talk of the army who and whatihe was) I got out of him the real Simon Pure.--Yours, .. . J. C. LE SAGE. 54 St. David street, Fitzroy, S10th July. 