CURIOUS WILLS. Some who, in life, would not have given a cup of water to a beggar, by their wills leave enormous sums to charities, to secure for themselves a kind of posthumous admi- ration. Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills which excite the bitterest feelings and animosities among their surviv- ing relatives. Some wills are remarkable for their couciseness and perspicuity; others for their unprecedented shapes and curious con- tents. One man provides for a college, an- other for a cat; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent, and kid gloves to the minister ; while others provide for bull-baiting, the welfare of maid servants, and the promotion of matrimony. as John Hodge has kept his name out of ob- livion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysall during sermon time to keep people awake and dogs out of church, Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave his property for providing green waist- coats for four poor women every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon lace. In the same neighbourhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomase Gray provided gray waistcoats and gray coats. John Nicholson, stationer, of London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of his property was given in charity for the support and maintenance of such poor persons in England as should appear to be of the name of Nicholson. David Martinett, of Calcutta, while giving direction to his executor says :—"As to this fulsome carcass, having already seen enough of worldly pomp, I desire nothing relative to it be done only its being stowed away in my old green chest to save expenses." He then bequeathed to one man all the debts he owed, and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in the last cen- tury, having given his body to the worms of the family vault, bequeathed an ounce of modesty to the authors of the London Jour- al and Free Briton, giving as his reasons for the smallness of the legacy, that he was " convinced that an ounce will be found more than they'll ever make use of." Another testator, after having stated at great length in his will the number of obli-. gations he was under, bequeathed to his benefactor ten thousand—here the leaf turned over, and the legatee, turning to the other side, found the legacy was ten thousand thanks. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart his relations and be a benefactor to the lawyers, gave to certain persons " as many acres of land as shall be found equal to the area inclosed by the centre of oscilla- tion of the earth in a revolution round the sun, supposing the mean distance of the sun twenty-one thousand six hundred semi-dia- meters of the earth from it." An uncle left in his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding, "If I have not left the dozen, he knows the reason." The fact was, the nephew had some little time before stolen the twelfth spoon from his relative. Sir Joseph Jekyll left his fortune to pay the National Debt. When Lord Mansfield heard of this, he said : " Sir Joseph was a very good man and a good lawyer, but his bequest was a very foolish one ; he might as well have attempted to stop the middle arch of Blackfriars Bridge with his full-bottomed wig!" Lord Pembroke gave "nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I gave him because I know he will bestow it on the poor; " and then, after giving equally peculiar legacies, he finished with, " Item. I give up the ghost." Dean Swift's character is exemplified in his will. Among other things he bequeathed to Mr John Grattan, of Clonmethan, a silver box, " in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cheweth, called pigtail." The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of Marl-. borough, left Pitt £10,000 for "the noble defence he had made for the support of the laws of England, and to prevent the ruin of his country." A similar bequest was some years ago made to Mr Disraeli. Bacon left a will appointing six executors, but no property except his name and memory, which he bequeathed to "men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and the next age." This is from the Augusta, Ga., Chronicle : —" Delinquent subscribers should not per- mit their daughters to wear this paper for a bustle. There being so much due on it, there is danger of taking cold." A gushing, but ungrammatical, editor says :— ' We have received a basket of fine grapes fromt our friend, for which he will please accept our compliments, some of which are nearly an inch in circumferance." 