DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S MARRI- AGE. [CABLE DESPATCH.] ST. PETERSBURG, January 23.-^-The marri- age ceremony of tho Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to- day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, the prevailing costumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were dressed in uniform, with the exception of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the grand Kqueries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince* and Princess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, aud Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and bridegroom, who was dressed in a Russian naval uniform. The~ bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immease procession of the Imperial family , priests, princes, and court officials. The Im- perial Russian Prince wore the uniform of¿ Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales tbe scarlet f British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial;: that of a Prussian Colonel, all were decorated.) with the Russian order of St.Andrew. The; Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crim-1 son velvet, with diamond coronet and collar,' and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the shanie style. Thej Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. j The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. Thc Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the church assuming his station with thc Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom, stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes The wedding rings, burne on golden Balvers were deposited on the alter temporarily, until placed ou the fingers of the bride and bride- groom. The magnificent chapel was illumin- ated innumerable wax candles ; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson "and gold carpet ; the pillers and alter were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers wete given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair,-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke oí Edinburgh, and Prince Serguts that over the bride. The Imperial Confesser then said ' Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden, of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, Son and the Holy Ghost.' Prince Arthur, becom- ing tired of holding the heavy crown, was1 relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd vfcrses, were read,1 After thc reading was concluded the marriage at Cana of Gallilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacremental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by (he bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. Afterwards the choir sang ' Glory to thee, O Lord !' con- cluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The pro- cession then slowly iormed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanly, of Westminster Abbey, officia- ted. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanly, who during thgj solemnization of the Greek service, wore ¿I Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity bal and gown, and who now appeared on thc altar wearing an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath around his neck, was assisted by two resident English ?Pü^m tU;, ètvng ^1 chancólo ^SrarfíS%htóV hé gloriouslymuffed. Martin mmM^'W^á% M ipp^fti^öt wk*! P^UM Hogan ÄJ#&^w^al firsfj'bàti. : màWo^' for 4.-. B; ÎÎyavTiçxi niai got 1. ?ff 3rd, Hadley a unît off îasi. Maftinto Äjälej «he off "âldi Byan a doublé off 4thi É&was; bowled off 5th, Two ont for 9. ilSogân next oiatt;' Htfll tö Hadley double tiffi 2nd, and a niiitoff'Srd:- . Martin to Hadley *yr$á wásr clean bowled off 2nd. Three out for J. Kiug the next man in attempting to draye was caught by C. Hull off 4th. Four jdàt ïor 1*2. B. Hamilton next man. Hull to E. Hogan got single ofF4th. Martin to Hamilton cought by W. Hüll off 1st. Fire . ont for 14. E. Evans next, and Hogan got one off 4th, Evans 1 off last. Martin to Evans 2nd, for single, Hogan getting one off next: Hull to Hogan who was bowled off 2nd, Six out for 19. C. Evatis next took remainder of over without scoring. Martin to C. Evans too doubles got. Hull to E. Evaus one off 5th. Martin to E. Evans 1 off 3rd, Q. Evans one off 5th. Hull to C. Evans ll>ff 2nd, E. Evans 1 off 5th, and Charley one off 6th. Martin to C. Evans. Maiden. Hull to E. Evans one off 3rd. Martin to E. Evans bowled off 2nd. Seven out for 31. Jas. Yorke next got one off 4th, C. Evans a single off last. Hull to Evans Ohe off 2nd. Martin to Evans who was çought by .the bojêer off 2nd. Eight out for 34. F. Coogal next a single off 3nd, . "York 2 off lastW Hull to Coogan who in attempting to add to the "score was run out. jîine out for 37. T. Evans next man joined York the latter getting a single off Martin, Evans adding a unit and York a double, and tfâs then bowled. All out for 41. ; : Windsor after luncheon, again went to the Wickets, Hadley to Pendergast who scored |ö)ae off 2nd. Evans to Pendergast single. Igtadley to Pendergast got a single, M'Quade getting one also, and Pendergast being Ëmped by E. Evans. One out for 4. , Hull next man, andgave^chance to Yorke îjwhïch was declined. Evans to Hull single off 2nd. Hadley to Hull one off 4th, j M'Quade a single off 5th. Evans to M'Quade fa double off 6th. Hadley to Hall double scored. Evans to M'Quade who gave a ? chance to Yorke which was muffed. Hadley ~tb MtQuade who scored a single as also did ^Buil. Evans to Hull double off 1st, and Pforte off 3rd. Hadley to Hull single off 1st, Í,MfQuade afterwards putting up two doubles. laïM^uade got singlé off 3rd. Coogan to ¿ Hull who scored a single, M'Quade two f singles and was then cought by T. Evans. pTwo out for 31. Evans to Hull who gave a ^chance to J Hogan which was not taken, jCJoogan to Hull who was cought by Hamilton ? off last. Three out for 34. Crowley next |jman got a single off Evans. Coogan to ¡p9rowley who got two doubles and then had this stumps lowered. Four out for 39. kinsley next man. Alderson made a single fand a double off Evans a single off Coogán, jgimd Linsley also made a single and was : bowled by Evans m the next over. Five out ¿for 44. Alderson who was joined by Perry [/made double off Hadley, and was then bowled. Six out for 46. Martin here joined Perry, the latter getting a single and a double, and % Martin three off Evans. Hadley to Martin ¿ who got a double and a single, Perry getting ksinjgle. Evans to Perry who Was bowled off pJnd. Seven out for 56. Beveridge came Ijnext and vas bowled first ball. Eight out 3for 56. Lane the next man got one off 4th. martin skied next, no one taking the chance, ?Lane getting a single off last. Hadley to Martin got single, Lane making a single and ia double. Evans took Lane's wicket after l^jis scoring a single. Niue out for 65. C. L kuli the last man was well cought by Hadley f¡ff 2nd, ball. All out for 65. h Penrith now wanting 56 runs to get to win, sent in E. Hogan and Hadley. W. Hull bowling, and two singles being scored in the first over. Hadley then got two doubles, and a three off Martins over. Hull to Hadley on^-off 2nd, Hogan being bowled next ball. One out for 10. Hamilton then joined issue, got a single and Hadley a double. Martin ^tb Hamilton gave an easy chance to Alderson, not accepted, Hadley gota double off next. Hamilton got single and Hadley a unit off [ Hull. Hadley got three off Martin. Hadley ?got a double a three and a single, and HIaniilton too singles off Hull. Pendergast Ik- Hamilton who got three off 1st, and after Bvoring another single was cought. Two out 35\. Hadley and King next scored a H ¿fie each. Lane to King who was run out attempting a single. Three out for 37. ? j*Öogan nest man succeeded in getting a ?ânglé off Pendergast, and was then well cought K^iLjine. Hadley making a double and two IPl|$% Four out for 43. E. Evans next Kian,-abd Hadley made a double off last of I^BBí5. Hadley got three off Lane's last, and l^iraï off Pendergast, and was bowled by lpf||^exf »ver, having made a splendid score m l^!Íro*W$Mfce who got » three off 4th, which ended th^ match with four wickets to spare. Appended are the scores : WïïïD80B.~lst, Jfènings. W. Hull, c CJoogah, b Evans. 3 P. Alderson, b Hadley. 0 J, Pendergast, b Evans .................. 10 J. Crowley, c Ç. Evàns, b Hadley .... 2 W, Lmslèy, c and b Hadley. 0 J. M'Quade, c Coogan, b Hadley. ll H. Martin j b Evans. 0 P. Beveridge, b Evans. 2 B. Lane, b Hadley. 1 C. Hull, b Hadley . 0 J. Perry, not out. 0 Byes. 2 Total 31 PENRITH.-1st, Innings. , C. Hadley, b Martin . 7. J. Hogan, b W. Hull. 1 G. Ryan, b Martin. 3 E. Hogan, b W. Hull. 3 J. King, c C. Hull, b Martin . 0 R. Hamilton, c W. Hull, b Martin ... 1 E. . Evans, b Martin,..... 6 C. Evans, c and b Martin. 9 Jas. Yorke, b Marlin. 6 F. Coogan, run out. 1 T. Evans, not out. 1 Byes. 2 Leg byes . 1 Totai ..'. 41 WINDSOR.-2nd, Innings. J. Pendergast, st. E. Evans . 2 J. M'Quade, c T. Evans, b Coogan ... 13 W. Hull, c Hamilton, b Coogan. 14 F. Alderson, b Hadley . 6 J. Crowley, b Coogan . 5 W. Liusley, b Evans . 1 J. Perry, b Evans. 4 H. Martin, b Evans . 10 P. Beveridge, b Evans . 0 B. Lane, not out. 5 C. Hull, c Hadley, b Evans. 0 Byes. 4 _ Total 65 PENRITH.-2nd, Innings. E. Hogan, b W. Hull . 1 G. Hadley, b Lane. 38 R. Hamilton, c Beveridge, b Pendergast 8 J. King, runout. 1 J. Hogan, c Lane, b Beveridge . 1 E. Evans, b Lane. 0 C. Evans, b Pendergast. 1 J. Yorke, not ont. 4 , Byes. 4 ! Total 58 ON Tuesday last a match was played at Wiberforce between eleven of the Caddai and eleven of the Wilberforce cricket clubs, and resulted in an easy win for the Caddai men. In the first innings of the Wilbcr forceites they only managed to score 2 runs, a thing: almost unprecedented in thc annals of cricket. The bowling of the Caddai team was very good, and their first innings could not be excelled. The Wilberforce bowlers were also well up to the mark, the bowling of Wilbow being wortny of special remark. The oldjveteran H. Teale was not to be sneezed at. Roberts of the Caddai team is a splendid bowler, and T. Stubbs, underhand bowling is j not to be played with. The greatest good ! humour prevailed, and after the matter was played out the two teams and their friends I adjourned to the well known hotel of Mr. G. A. Cobcroft, where a sumptuous dinner was laid out and. soon laid in. We can only remark as to the dinner that it was the best j we have sat down to in this district, and mine host the ' darkey ' deserves great praise for his exertions as a providore. We think somehow that the hosts better hali had a good deal to do with the getting up of the spread, and 6he must come in for her share of praise, and not let the ' Darkey ' run away with it all. We hope soon to have another opportunity of tasting the cuisine of our worthy host and hostess. The following is a record of the match. CADDAI.-1st. Innings. P. M'Guire c P. Bushell b J. Wiibow...20 W. M'Carty c E. Bowd b H. Teale. 0 T. Stubbs b Teale . 1 M. Horan b Teale. 0 E. Roberts b Wiibow. 2 J. Stubbs b Wiibow . 7 J. Hunt b Wiibow . 0 T. Thompson b Teale. 1 P. Horan c Lilias b Teale. 7 J. Jackin not out. 3 J. Fairs b Wiibow..... 1 Bje. 1 Wide. 1 Total 44 WILBERFORCE.-1st Innings. P. Bushell b Roberts. 0 F. Nicholls b T. Stubbs ..... 0 < fL,T. Dunstan b Roberts .* 0 i^^^^ft^^^b^^^^^^^g- ^ öffÄ^mfci) stubbs.......1 T. Bow4b Stubbs. 0 j H. Teale V Stubbs...... 0 ] J, Wiibow not out...,. 1 \ E. Bowd c J. Stubbsb Roberts.O I G. Bushell b Roberts. 0 J r Total...... % .1 I WILBERFORCE.-2nd Innings. I G. Bushell c Pairs b Stubbs..;............ 9 I J. Wiibow run out.».» 1 i P. Bushell b Roberts. 5 P. Nicholls mn out. 3 H. Teale b M. Horan . 2 A. Cobcroft b M. Horan..19 - J. T. Dunstan b M. Horan. 0 C. Lillas c M'Guire b Horan . 2 ! T. Bówd b Horan. 5 j E. Bowd run out.f.«. 0 H. Beecroft not out . 0 M Bye. 1 Total.47 CADDAI.-2nd Innings. u P. M'Quire c and b Nicholls. 1 W. M'Carthy b G. Bushell . 1 M. Horan not out. 2 E. Roberts b Nicholls . 0 P. Horan not out. 2 Total.... 6 Caddai thus winning by seven wickets. 