LITERATURE. RAVENSCRAIG; Or, FAITHFUL UNTO DEATH. BY LOUIS AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR "THE WEEKLY TIMES." CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued). The following day saw Captain Courtenay on board the steamer, on his way to the North, and the Falconers travelling by slow stages up the country. Their carriage was a roomy and very comfortable one, and cushions had been arranged for Florence who bore the journey much better than they had expected. They delayed several days on the road for her to rest, and found them- selves about sunset a week afterwards entering the township, where Owen was to meet them. He had engaged rooms ready for them at the inn, and was waiting for them there. He was inexpressibly shocked at the alteration in Florence as he stood at the carriage door as it stopped in front of the inn and assisted them to alight. Florence was carried in and placed upon a sofa. She received Owen kindly, but the sight of him agitated her much at first. Winny and Mary wished her to go to bed at once, but she would not; and after tea, calling Owen to her side and striving to speak in a firm voice, — ' Mr. Maitland,' said she, 'please sit here and tell me all about — about— ' Here her voice faltered, and the tears rushed to her eyes. ' Don't mind me,' added she, brushing them away ; ' tell me about him.' Are you strong enough, Miss de Lisle?' re- plied Owen nervously. ' Had you not better put it off until to-morrow, when you will have had a night's rest ?' 'Rest! rest!' said she, feverishly. 'Oh, if I could only rest. Mr. Maitland, you must tell me the whole truth, exactly as it happened ; I shall be better after.' And then, sitting by her side and speaking in a low voice, Owen told her the whole sad story, and talked to her of poor Gerald. It seemed to be a comfort to her to speak to Owen, who had known and loved him so well, of Lily ; and she conversed with him more than she had ever done with any one else on the subject. She never seemed to think for a moment that there was any hope of ever seeing him again, and Owen did not encourage any such hopes. He had long given them up himself, and he believed that it was better for her to anticipate the worst than to be again disappointed. He brought several things for her belonging to poor Gerald, and she shed many tears over them ; but still she bore the painful interview better than any of them had anticipated ; and when Winny came and, leaning over her, enquired if she were not overrating her strength, ' No, dear,' replied she ; 'I have been in ignorance so long of how it all happened that it seems a relief to me even to know the worst. I shall never forget all your kindness,' said she, holding out her hand to Owen. ' You know I have always felt as if you were an old friend. Nor yours either,' added she, turning to Winny. 'No sisters could have done more for me than they have for a perfect stranger—one who has no sort of claim upon them, Mr. Maitland. Oh, it seems to me as if I were a burden to every one. Why did you not let me die when I was so ill ?' said she, as the tears rushed to her eyes. ' Florence ! Florence ! don't talk like that ; in- deed, you should not speak in that way— it is wrong ; and as to being a burden I do not know what Mary and I would do without you.' ' Miss de Lisle has over-fatigued herself ; she will feel better to-morrow,' said Owen; and Florence at length to consented to go to bed. Mary went with her. ' Doesn't she look ill, Mr. Maitland,' exclaimed Winny as soon as they had retired. 'Wretchedly ill ; I was not prepared for such a change. Do you think she gets any stronger?' 'Oh, I think she does. She has borne the jour- ney far better than we expected.' ' I wish you could have stayed at Ravenscraig for a few days; it is so lonely there now,' said Owen, sighing. ' There I sit by myself of an even- ing, thinking of poor old Lily and all that has hap- pened, until I almost feel as if I could go and drown myself ; the house seems so altered.' ' It must be lonely, replied she sadly. 'I wish we could have stopped, but it would be too pain- ful for Florence. But, Mr. Maitland, you should try and occupy yourself, and not think so much about it.' 'Occupy myself? I assure you, Miss Falconer, it is not for want of occupation ; I am often out from five in the morning until six at night.' ' Can't you come up with us for a little time, Owen ?' said Mr. Falconer entering the room at that moment ; ' the change would do you good.' ' It is quite impossible for me to get away at present, Mr. Falconer. Lambing has only just commenced, and Morton and I have our hands full.' ' Ah, I suppose you have. Well, come to us as soon as you can get away.' 'That will not be until after shearing, but I will come then without fail.' ' That is well ; we shall expect you, ' exclaimed the old gentleman, ' and I hope by that time we shall be able to show you a great improvement in Miss de Lisle ; she looks badly now ; however, she bore the interview with you better than I ex- pected.' Owen shortly after bid them good night ; he had not been able to procure a room at the same hotel. When he had left the room, Mr. Falconer turned to his daughter and advised her to go to bed too. 'You are looking pale, my darling ; a night's rest will do you good. I was glad to see Florence get on so well with Owen Maitland ; she talked more to him than I have seen her do to any one yet. I have sometimes thought that it was very possible that she would marry Owen ; it would be a very good match for her, and he is a right good fellow. But go to bed, child ; you look at white as a ghost.' Winny kissed her father and left the room. She first went to bid Florence good-night. She had fallen asleep, and as Winny stood at the bedside and looked down at the sweet pale face, ' Yes, yes,' said she to herself ; ' he could hardly see her without loving her.' She sighed deeply and turned away. ' Poor fellow, how lonely he must be.' On opening the door and going into their own room, she found Mary was already in bed. ' Why, Winny, I thought you were never coming. You must be tired.' ' I only went in to bid Florence good night. She is asleep.' ' Yes, she was very tired, and I think over excited herself talking to Mr, Maitland ; but she is better than I thought she would be. Mr. Maitland does not look at all well.' ' No, I do not think he does,' replied Winny, ' I think he frets a good deal about Mr. Cameron still.' ' Well, I like him a great deal better than I ever thought I should ; but I do not think he has a good temper. I have seen him look so sarcastic sometimes.' ' Yes, he is rather sarcastic,' replied Winny. 'You do not think him good looking, now, I should think, Winny ?' Well, perhaps not good-looking, but he has such an expressive face and such beautiful eyes.' Mary burst out laughing. ' Such beautiful eyes ! Why, Winny, I do believe you are falling in love with Owen Mait- land !' Winny flushed scarlet. 'Mary, how can you say such things. You should not — it is very unkind of you.' Why, Winny, I did not mean it.' said Mary, seeing that Winny was really vexed. ' I was only joking.' ' I know it, dear, but don't talk like that, please,' said Winifred, kissing her. CHAPTER IX. ' Can you make out who that is riding along by the paddock fence, Morton,' said Owen one evening shortly after his return to Ravens- craig. ' I have no doubt I can with the glass,' replied Morton, going in to fetch it. They are too far off to make them out without it. ' It does not matter ; they must be coming here whoever they are.' And Owen continued to read. Morton walked through the open window, end adjusted the glass. 'One of them is Mr. Walker, sir,' said he, coming in a moment after. ' I cannot make out the other. He looks like a parson.' ' A parson, eh ! It is some time since we had one here, not for more than eight weeks. The last was that little dissenter, Thompson.' ' Yes, no one has been since that, at least not to hold service. Father Maguire was here one evening whilst you were away. He said he should be back about the beginning of October.' ' Of course, when the shearing has commenced, and I have no doubt he will get a good subscrip- tion out of the men. ' It is wonderful what power those priests have over them.' ' I wonder who Walker has picked up ? ' said Owen, throwing down the paper, and sauntering out on to the verandah. The riders were approaching rapidly, and taking his hat, he walked up towards the stables to meet them. 'Well, Owen, what news ? ' said Walker as he rode into the yard. 'None at all, if you mean about Gerald. No- thing since I saw you last, or rather heard from you, and I'm beginning to think that his disap- pearance will remain a mystery ; but who is the friend?' added he. ' You had someone with you just now.' ' Yes, he stopped behind to speak to the black- smith. He is a parson. A very good fellow he seems, too. I overtook him on the road ; and here he comes,' said he, as the subject of their conversation rode into the yard. He was a young man of apparently about seven or eight-and-twenty years of age, and bearing upon him the unmistakable stamp of gentleman; tall and rather pleasant-looking. ' Mr. Harwood — Mr. Maitland,' said Walker, introducing them. As the new-comer dismounted, Owen murmured something civil, and after Walker had given some orders about his horse, the three walked down to the house. ' You are just in time, Walker, Morton and I were going to commence tea when I caught sight of you .' ' That is a good thing, for I feel rather peckish, after our long ride. I thought we were late.' 'You have not been long in the colony, I suppose ? said Owen to the stranger as he was showing him to his room. ' What ? — you think I look like a " new chum ?" returned the other smiling. Well, I suppose I do, although I flattered myself that I looked rather colonial, said he looking down at the yellow gaiters in which his legs were incased. This is scarcely the get-up of a parson at home.' ' Well, no, perhaps not ; but it is not difficult to detect a new comer. I suppose they look fresher about the complexion, or something of that kind. You will soon get a rich brown colour, after you have ridden a little more in our hot sun here. You will find us in the dining-room ; tea is ready when you are.' ' I shall not be five minutes,' replied Mr. Har- wood, as Owen left the room. He seems a nice gentlemanly sort of fellow,' said Owen, entering the dining room. ' Too good for the colony I should think.' ' So say I. He will be lost out here — an Oxford man and an M.A. ; but at the same time, we are really greatly in want of a few of the right sort. One gets dreadfully heathenish in the colonies, more especially up the country, where often one almost forgets that there is such a day as Sunday at all. I can hardly remember how long it is since I was at church.' ' Yes, perhaps so ; but it seems to me better not to go to church at all than to do as I did the Iast time I was in the township — go and listen to a stick of a fellow who hardly seemed to know what he was saying. I could have preached a better sermon myself.' ' That is the mistake they make at home; they think anything is good enough for us out here, but I think such fellows as that do more harm than good. I am very much mistaken if Mr. Harwood stays long out here.' 'Why so?' said the gentleman in question, entering at that moment. ' I do not think that it will suit you, or that you will like it.' 'It is hardly a question of liking, I take it,' replied he; 'the question to be considered is where I can do best service in my Master's cause.' 'I have no doubt that you will find plenty to do, for as we were saying just now, a few really good preachers are much wanted ; but we have few, if any. The churches and the services are miserably poor, and badly attended, as you must have remarked if you were in the township on Sunday.' ' I did indeed — most lamentably so. I do not think that the congregation numbered above a dozen, and certainly the Church of England is the worst building of any in the township. Roman Catholic, Wesleyan, and Presbyterian, all are better ; and yet I have been told that by far the greater number of people are Church of England, and the most wealthy, too ; it is very sad.' I do not know which religion they are, but certainly they are the greatest set of thieves in creation. Those who are not cattle-stealers are horse stealers, and those who are not horse- stealers are cattle-stealers.' 'Unpleasant neighbours to have, I should think, Mr. Maitland.' ' Yes, it is getting very serious indeed. I be- lieve the butchers in the township to be nearly all either cattle-stealers themselves or in league with them. They have some splendid plants down the range,' said Walker. ' Splendid what did you say ?' enquired Mr. Harwood, in great surprise. Walker burst out laughing. 'I see you do not understand our little colonialisms yet. A plant means a hiding place ; if you say a thing is planted, you mean hidden, the same as shaken means stolen. They drive the cattle down the ranges and then slaughter them as they require them, being perfectly regardless of who they belong to. Of course, however, being careful they are not their own.' 'Well, if you will allow me, I will go and make acquaintance with some of the men, Mr. Maitland,' said Mr. Harwood, as they rose from the table. 'I suppose l can hold service here to- morrow ?' ' Of course, at whatever time you please.' 'Half-past ten would suit me best. I want to go on to the next station for evening service if I can.' 'It is some distance,' replied Owen. 'I am afraid you will find it a very hot ride.' 'I am accustomed to riding, and must learn to accustom myself to the sun.' 'You were talking about the cattle-stealers, Walker,' said Owen, as they were enjoying their pipes some hours later. 'It is getting a fearful nuisance, and really seems to be increasing. We have lost a great many lately. There really ought to be a stop put to it.' 'My dear fellow, I quite agree with you there ; but it is a very difficult thing to put a stop to.' ' They ought to be regularly hunted down. If one or two were made an example of, I fancy it would frighten them a bit.' 'I know one or two of their plants myself,' con- tinued he. ' What do you say, Walker; there is a full moon now, just the time for our gentlemen. It would be fine if we could catch them in the act. Are you game for a hunt of cattle- stealers.' ' Oh, I'm all there for anything of the sort, but we had best be well armed, for they are ticklish customers to deal with.' ' They are so ; but I think we could manage them if we can only catch them.' 'All serene ; when is it to be, then.' ' Monday evening, I think, if you can stop.' ' Oh yes, l can remain until Wednesday, but I must be off then.' ' Morton, will you go with us ?' ' I should like it very much ; but I think I shall hardly have time. The mail goes down on Tuesday, you know, sir, and I am rather behind hand as it is. Looking for the lost sheep last week threw me back.' ' Ah well, I suppose so ; Walker and I can manage, I dare say.' ' I should think so ; but about Cameron. I cannot understand our never finding any traces of him ; it is most extraordinary. It never struck me for a moment that it was not he on Courier the other night when we were tracking him, until I returned to the hut and questioned Johnson more closely.' ' Poor dear old fellow ; it would be better even to hear that he were dead than to go on living in this state of suspense.' ' But there cannot be the smallest doubt of that now, Owen ; you would have heard from him long ago if he had been alive. How did you manage breaking it to poor Miss de Lisle? You were in a horrible fright about it last time I saw you.' ' Don't talk of it, pray, Walker. I hope I may never have such a thing to do again. It is my belief she will never get over it. ' Poor girl ! it must have been a dreadful blow.' Mr. Harwood coming in a few moments after, they continued to discuss poor Gerald's mysterious disappearance for the rest of the evening. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 