Mb Jones bas gained noUiing by bis motion of last Tuesday evening against tlie Mioistiy esseot it be dSeat. JKTthout taking die trouble to divide, the Assmibly on Wednesday night negatived his resolu tion, and left him to contemplate the un- certainty which- attends votes of want of confidence, when the sole object of them is place and play, and they are oppossd to public opinion. Mr Jones never had the smallest chance of curving his motion, and therefore he must plead guilty to having gratuitously wasted the time of the House by foisting it npon its con sideration. A cooler head would have bided its time, and made the onslaught when there was some chance of success, for there is not anything more damaging to ambition than failure. Mr Jones, how ever, preferred to act as the French ships fought daring the latter portion of the last century. The moment the " courses" of English men-of-war appeared above the horizon, French commanders opened fire npon the enemy. Consequently the guns became heated, and a great deal of ammunition was expended, before the op- poring vessels came within reach of each other's broadside. Wiser in their day and generation, the commanders of British ships withheld their fire until the hostile vessels drew into close quarters. The crews of the former were then fresh for work ; the guns were cool, and the ammunition plentiful, when effective service could be done. The substitution of the Union Jack for the na tional flagquicHy followed asa natural conse quence on the haulyards of the French crafts. There is a moral in this naval incident which all aspiring members of Parliament should lay to heart. It is that attacks should not be made until effective execution can be in flicted. But Mr Jones overlooked this fact by Ms motion of last Tuesday, and the sole results are a great waste of time to the public, and a damaged political -reputation for himself The issnes snbmittedto the Assembly by Mr Jokes and his friends were, that the present Ministry had no right to be in office, owing to the loss of the Constitu tional Reform Bill, and to the absence of a policy on their part The first should have prompted them to retire in globe — the last justified their replacement bya Ministry from the Opposition side of the House. These two reasons were, however, untenable, partly because the Constitutional Reform Bill was not defeated by the Assembly, and partly because however scant may be tiie policy of the Government, that of the Opposition can only be described by theierm nil. The crucial test of a Ministerial position is furnished by the second reading of a measure, and out of this ordeal the Ministry emerged triumphant. The small majority obtained at the third reading was a " fluke," for the caucus which followed proved that this small majority was far more the result of accident than design. There fore, if the Ministry had retired in globo , they would have discouraged the majority by which they are -supported, and played the cards most absurdly into the hands of their opponents. A number of precedents form English parliamentary his tory have been quoted by both sides of the House to justify the position assumed by- each in this debate. But it has always seemed to us that these references are the greatest outrage upon the intelligence of human beings that can well be committed. They- can only be justified on the principle of the old song — It was my father's custom, And so it shall be mine. But were we to run in the same grooves with all our political difficulties, as our ances tors, or even our earlier contemporaries did where should we find ourselves ultimately landed? In die most ridiculous position that could well be described. We should be cutting off heads; impeaching Ministers; bribing constituencies ; selling the country to foreign powers ; defying the. people, ami playing a number of other freaks which in these days would justify- the world in de scribing us as an aggregation of lunatics. To adhere to a certain course only because it can be defended by precedent, is, therefore, tantamount to confessing that there is no sueh thing as progress in human intk- ligeuce — that we are no wiser to-day than the humau race was a thousand years ago. Moreover, the world is always makiug new precedents, and therefore why should not we .occasionally yunont of the beaten track, and strike out a', new path for ourselves ? The tree indication of intelligence lies in dealing withevery emergency on its merits, irrespective altogether of what has been done before '; and it is because our public men cannot see this, and will -pereist in rattling the dry bones of the past, that so mncb valuable pnblic time is wasted, and so little of an improving or progressive charac ter is accom jSised by the Legislature. The proper view to take of the Ministerial position as it now stands, therefore, is tins. The Ministry have a majority to go to work- with, and' the business, finan cial .and otherwise, of the colony has fallen into arrear, through the purest accident perhaps that ever came out of a political conflict _ The Ministry promise to do good work, while the -Opposition have not intimated a single reform they would undertake .were they to obtain office. Eject . the Ministry from power, and three or four -weeks more ' would be wasted in the re election of their successors. What reason able uian, then, would hesitate between the j two parties, or cast in ins lot with the Opposition in the face of offers of progress on the one side, as contradistinguished from the reticence displayed by the Opposition, on the other ? The Assembly gave the correct answer to this question on Wednes day evening, when they rejected Mr Jones' motion without a division. They thus de- dared in favor of tangible work, in pre ference to still further procrastination and useless confusion. Now, therefore, that about the third vote of want of confidence in the Ministry this session has been disposed of, the pnblic may hope to see their business attended to without further delay. Seldom has a Victorian Parliament shown itself 'so re creant to its high trust as the present one has done by these pestilent squabbles, and only by increased activity and ear nest exertion for the remainder of the session can it hope to win back its lost reputation. The Ministry are now brought face to face with their difficulties and duties, and something tangible and useful is expected of them ; for it is hardly to be supposed that any more votes of want of confidence, either .direct or inferential, will be tabled at present, after the signal defeat which has attended Mr JONES unskilful manoeuvring in this direction. The Ministry have now, therefore, the " situa tion" in their own hands-; and the commu nity will watch with no little interest to see what the result will be, and how far the confidence placed in them is to be justified by their administrative " policy," and by their efforts at legislation. It is definitely settled that the Ballarat Cours ing Club's All-aged Stshsrill be run off at Ascot — instead of at the Anilities — on Thursday next. We are informed by Mr Johnstone that Messrs Dougall, Ggilvy, Edwards, MHJrae, and Morton . have kindly offered the nse of their land, and that hares are reported to be very plentiful, so that the match 01 probably be run off in two da vs. There will be about twenty-four dogs in. The draw will take place on Tuesday next. A well-known contractor, who makes his ap pearance veiy often as a litigant in the Police or County Court, had a case yesterday before his Honor Judge Rogers, in which he sued a well- known publican and sporting man for damages caused to a boggy. Plaintiff lent his buggy to de fendant, whose son was in charge of it when the whistle of the loooinotive caused the horse to bolt, aad the buggy was smashed. Plaintiff got it repaired at a cost of £5 17s, and took the bill to defendant, who promised to pay it. His Honor asked if there was any proof that defen- dant had seen the account, as he was not in court. " Oh yes, your Honor, replied the plaintiff; "I hare here a copy of the account, signed by die defendant as bring a true copy of the bill I delivered to him " His Honor smiled at the smartness of the plaintiff, and gave him a verdict for £7 17s ; the £2 being for hire of another boggy while his own was being repaired . A special train went up the Beaufort line yes terday, leaving Ballarat at one o'clock, conveying the keepers permanently appointed to "the various gates ; those who have been acting during the past day or two being only temporarily told off for the duty by the contractors and superintendent All those who went to their posts yesterday were ap pointed by the Commissioner. A meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held to morrow, at Craig's bote, at one o'clock p.m. Business : — Prize list for the spring show ; judges, stewards, and other incidental business connected therewith. Members of the sub-committee will meet at Craig's at eleven a.m_, to draft the prize list for the said show. The rowing season of 1874-5 will be formally opened at Lake Wendouree to-morrow after noon, at half-past three, when both dobs wffi join and have one grand procession. The eight-oar outrigger, the property of the Ballarat Bowing Club, will lead the way, manned by four members of each dub. The sight promisee to be one that has not been equalled, on the Lake for many years. To enable the procession to start punctually, it wffi be desirable that ail the members of the dobs be at their boat-houses, in uniform, by half-past two. At the Clones Borough Council nxtiW on Wednesday, it was resolved to withdraw all oppo sition to the sale of Crown allotmests and residence areas legitimately occupied. The ase of a room in the town hall for holding committee meetings was granted to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. Our local correspondent writes: — "A short time ago a rather unusual advertisement — viz, Wanted a Wife,'— might have been noticed in the columns of The Comer. The advertiser was a worthy bacbdor, resident in Scarsdale, who. tired of single blessedness, desired to obtain a partner for life, and took the abovementioned -course -of malting his wishes known to the world, or rather to thebetter half of it. The notice had as sooner appeared than answering applications poured in from all quarters; and although much embarrassed by tlie unexpected multiplicity of the replies, and the fact that the genuineness -of a large proportion of them was open tn grave doubt, -our would-be Benedict managed to select, as the most suitable out of the many eligible applicants, a Cur damsel resident at Talbot, whose personal attractions, as per enclosed photo, wereof no mean order. After a brief and satisfactory correspondence, our hero proceeded to Talbot, where he was received with open arms, bring treated, to nse his own words, lite a gentleman. Personal acquaintance speedily removed any objections there might have been to the union, and on Monday last the parties were married In Ballarat. The happy pair arrived in Scarsdale on Wednes day, where, as may be expected, they made a great sensation, and received a very hearty and cordial greeting. A deputation of the towns people, beaded by the local piper and other appro priate music, waited on them, giving expression to the usual complimentary wishes ; and afterwards a ratepayer, noted for his usefulness in electioneering matters, mounted the stump opposite the Free masons' hotel, and in a neat speech proposed the health of the bride and bridegroom, which was drank with ajl the honors. I may add that, seeing the good luck which has attended the above detailed plucky matrimonial Tenture, several eligible bache lors who have. long been' desiruusof eschewing the state of single blessedness, but been deterred by ex cess of modesty or fear of a refusal, or other cogent reasons, from making personal applications, have determined to go and do likewise, and make known through the press the longings of their unsatisfied years. May they all be equally successful." Tim return match between the East Melbourne Rifle aad Carbine Club and the Ballarat Troop Rifle Club has been arranged to take place at tbe Ballarat Hifie Butts, and the following members .have been selected to compete for places, viz. : Messrs Mede, Six?, Greenfield; Mattel, KihtiJil, Madden, Mann, "White, Nicholson, Snowball, Maeaby, Grant. Gullen. Nesbitt, Ripper, "Denny, Wilson. Kay, Toms, Myles,' M 'Hutchison, Hepe, Monsburgh, Dubberiin, Brown, -IloUway, Scott, Wise, Hardy, Illingsworih, Hen wood, Wattere, Beaumont, and Taylor." Competitive practices will be held at tbe Butts on tbe 14th, lotli, 18th, sod ?ltt iagttfif lertiay, and lodged in the Eastern lock-up, charged with having stolen a piece of meat, the property of Hy. Kelsaii. He will be brought up at tbe Town Police Court this morning. The cases heard at the County Court yestcrdav were very uninteresting. The court wffi resume at fen o'clock this morning. The list appears elsewhere. The annnal muff billiard match at the Stork hotel bring just concluded, and Mr Tannock's ride halting beaten Mr G. Thompson's side by fifty- points, the vietory was celebrated last night by a supper, to which thirty-five gentlemen sat down. An excellent .spread, including all.the delicacies of the season, was provided by the hoei. Mr g. Levitt occupied tile chair, and Mr G. Duncan the viee-chair. The social gathering was woundup in the usttsl musical fashion. Al the' CKnnes Police Court "on -Wednesday, be fore Mr Dowling, P.M., a number of parents were fined for neglecting to said tbeir children to sriiool. A special meeting of the City Hire Brigade was held last night at the station. Start street ; Cap tain Moir In the chair, and thirty members present. An invitation was. received "from the Bnninyoiig Eire. Brigade, enclosing three complimentary tickets to their anniversary, to be held un the 18th instant. It was resolved that the patronage of the brigade be given, and as'many members attend as could find it convenient. Two vacancies having ' occurred an the committee, the following gentle men were nominated: — Messrs Loritt, M'Millan, Harrison, Heath cote, and Hew ; the election to take dace on the 3rd September. Mr R. Heath- cote, sec., haviqg received a very severe accident in the discharge of his duties as a fireman, whith wffi prevent him attending to his business for a long time, he was unanimously allowed from the accident fund 20s per week for three months. A vote of rtiawt-c to the chairman dosed tbe business. The Board of Advice for tbe South Biding of Shire of Bsllarat met at Windermere on 12th inst. ; present — Mr W. H. Uren, Rev. J. B. Steel (cor respondent), Messrs Beaton and Swan. There were communications from department, stating that the police had been instructed to act along with the board of advice in prosecuting snch parents as might be found neglecting to send their children to School; that tank would be sup plied to school No. 70 ; that maps of New Zealand were supplied only when there was a sixth class ; that time of inspector's visit to select site at Bnrrumbeet would be noti fied ; that attention was bring given to need ful repairs at Dowling Forest School. The corre spondence was received. The board resolved to ask teachers what improvement (if any) has taken place in the attendances since the serving of the notices ; also, whether there are any children of school age, residing within their district, known to them as not attending any school Mr Steel, on behalf of residents of the Black Hill, made appli cation to the board for the nse of the Black Hill School for occasional services of the Presbyterian Church, at snch times as would cot interfere with the working of the school The board resolved to recommend to tbe Minister of Education that the request be granted. On Wednesday evening a valuable photographic album was presented to Mr James Oldham, master of State School No. SI, Dana street. It was purchased by- the young ladies attending tbe school, and presented by the Misses Matilda Levi and Louisa Horsley. The first leaf was skilfully illu minated by Mr W. Neale Lansley, who handed over tbe fee to the Home Mission Fund. The crew that are to represent tbe Geelong banks against those of Ballarat in the match that is shortly to be rowed for the challenge cop on Wendouree are steadily (says the Advertiser) practising for that event. They are -not consi- sidered a very powerful crew, but doubtless will be able to give a very goad account of them selves. . Mrs Elizabeth MUenzie, who had been' re manded from Melbourne, was, yesterday morning, at Geelong sentenced to six months" imprisonment; on a charge of imposing on a number of trades men. On another charge (adds th e Herald) she was committed for trial The Hon. James Macphersou Grant is the sub ject of " Masks and Faces " in the IFeet/y Times of this week. Many hahhsAs of the Verandah, with a large circle of our other readers, will remember (writes the liendigo Advertiser) that, during the scrip excitement of 1871, among the thou sand and one gentlemen who were led to throw np lucrative positions for the more uncertain life of broker and speculator, was one who had formerly occupied the position of clergyman in connection with one of the leading denominations of fhti city. For a couple of years or more this gentleman had what is usually termed a good run of business — now winning, now losing : but, we fear, towards the end, rather more loss than gain. He, how- , ever, left this district for New South Wales rome ; four months ago, and, yielding to the advice of his j friends, offered himself again for the work of the I ministry ; but this time elected to join that of ! another dmrch. After an interview with the head j of tlie denomination in Sydney, he was offered a position in Queensland, which was accepted ; so j that now, instead of dealing in scrip. lie bas again resumed the profession for which his training fitted . him. The gentleman we refer to is Mr Cadwalader j P. Thomas. j Maryborough is not pleased with the rates for j the carriage of goods on the Victorian lines, for the Standard says; — " The question of these rates will have to receive early attention, with a view of | making a determined effort to procure a speedy > alteration. From Melbourne to Crcswick, a dis- ! tance of 112 miles, the rate per ton is £2 9e 7d: j from Melbourne to Burrumbeet, a distance of 113j ' miles, the charge is exactly the same, namely. £2 9s 7d ; while from Melbourne to Maryborogh. 112 miles, the rate is £2 16s 3d — a difference against Maryborough of 6s 8d on every ton of goods. j Maryborough must make up its mind for some j real hard work, as Ballarat will certainly not be i favorable to any alteration being made." I An irrepressible larrikiness is just now the source of some trouble near Castlemaine. The M. A. Mail writes : — " Detective O'Caliaghan has returned from a visit to Sutton Grange, whither he had repaired for the purpose of enquiring into the truthfulness of some outrages and robberies that were reported to have recently occurred. He found some children had been frightened, shadows seen on a wall, and mysterious appearances bewil dered some nervous people. On tracing out this spirit agency, or diabolical agency, or by whatever name it might be eailed, he found it had proceeded from the nightly pranks of a playfuUy robust female, who took driight in attiring herself in male costume, making herself hideous, and terrorising the timid. The secret of the burglarious visits admitting of this silly- but ridiculous explanation permitted Detective' O'Caliaghan to return, more deeply impressed than ever about the wiles of woman." An exceedingly painful case came under the cognisance of the bench (says the Geelong A deer. j tiser) on Wednesday. A young woman named j Fanny Robinson was brought into the body of the j court, charged with lunacy. She was pooriv j dressed, and directly she was ushered into the j presence of those in court she stood up, and with j fixed gaze and hands devoutly folded, commenced I to harangue her audience on the excessive wicked- j nets of the world, the deplorable destitution and \- misery that prevailed, winding up her remarks by expressing the fervent wish that she was only rich, | and ableto relieve poor suffering humanity. She was ; stated to be suffering from religious mauia. and had ; been brought in from Fortarlfngton, where her , parents resided, by Mounted- constable Mulcahy. ; It has transpired that her mother is in a still worse : condition, and requires the constant care and atten- | tion of her husband and friends. The mother and j daughter are reported to have been regular atten- \- dants at the evangelical meetings held in :he neigh- . borhooa by Mr Matthew Burnett since his return to the colony, and this is assigned to be tlie pro- ' bable cause of their present affliction. Tlie unfor- i lunate girl was remanded till Mondav. A week or two ago, a young woman had to be escorted -to her employer's residence one Sunday evening from a little church in Geelong, in which a popular preacher was holding forth. She was in such a state of tneoial excitement from, it is believed, die very vigorous discourse to which she haddistened, that a medical man had to be called in. and she had to be ultimately sent home to lier parents at Little River, in order that a change of air and scene might restore her reasoning faculties to sumething like tbeir original tranquillity. The Age understands that the absence of Sir James M'CuIloch from the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday and Tuesday evenings arose from a domestic bereavement, Dews of which he received by telegram. Could impudence (says the Geelong Advertiser) furtlier go? A draper at Pleasant Creek recently missed a pair of stays from his establishment. A few days after, a little girl paid hiin a visit, and producing the identical pair of stays that had been missed, asked that they might be exchanged for ' some calico. - her mother .decming.tliat m ore use ful, The calico was not sent, nor did the stays go out again. A telegram in the Age says : — A man named Smith has been arrested at Eclraca by Constable Phillips. He is supposed to have caused the death of his wife, They bad beeu drinking heavily for several dayB past. The Argus says that the police authorities are holding an enquiry to ascertain whether a>iv of the . detective force are to blame for the temporaiy j escape of Captain Edgar, of the Oakwortb, who I managed to leave Melbourne by the train to Eciiuca without being observed, though he was watched for. Many of our readers (remarks the Geelong Ad vertiser ) will regret to hear of the death of the Bev. Samuel Hewlett, at the ripe age of seventy-eight years, which took place on Tuesday evening. Mr Hewlett was an old colonial; and one of the pioneer missionaries and clergymen of Victoria and its sister colonics." About forty years ago he tra velled, in the capacity of a bush preacher, through a considerable portion of New South Wales and South Australia. He was installed as pastor of , the Aberdeen street Baptist Church, when it was | opened twenty-two years ago. He continued his ; ministerial labors till old age and foiling health com pelled him to retire from active life some seven or eight years ago. As a clergyman Mr Hewlett was universally respected by persons of all denomina tions who knew him. Charitable in disposition, broad and liberal in his views, he was a friend in oeed, welcome alike in the home of affliction or destitution, and always ready to fill an. empty pulpit on behalf of any Protestant denomination, or to assist in any offiee ill wliich his services as a minister were invited. Another old colonist (profanely writes the IVarrnais boot Examiner) -has " given up the ghost."' We refer to Dr &yasa;, who was so well known to the- old settlers of this district. Pr Byass -was a regnlar "old colonist," having landed in South Australia in the year 1836, when he was appointed resident GoTsnment doctor to the South Australian Company at Kangaroo Island, t The deceased was a brother of the cde- b rated Robert Byass, of bottled ale and porter fame, who died some years ago, worth nearly half \ a million of money. There was again a good attendance at the Fine Arts Concert tost night. The programme was ; much the same as on tbe previous evening, and appeared to be quite as well appreciated, judging from the amount of applause accorded by the audi ence. The selections from " The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein " were especially well rendered. J Punch and Judy seems never to lose its effect even on grown-up people. To- night there wffi be a change of programme. We cannot wonder at Madame Cora's enter tainment lxing well patronised, when so large a number of gifts are nightly distributed, in addi tion to the merits of the performance itself. Last night a stiver tea-service, £1 in gold, two card-tables, a rocking -chair, a hag of flour, two large albums, cruet-stands, writing-desks, work- boxes, card-baskets, vases, lustres, and a large variety of other articles which we cannot remember, fell to the lot of holders of lucky enve- vdopes, and everyone present seemed satisfied that the distribution was bona jxdr. The announce ment was made by Madame Cora that another silver service, £1 in cash, mod some scores of other prizes, will lie given away to-night. The aerial suspension, with which the entertainment con cludes, is certainly a wonderful performance, and appears to be done without the least mechanical aid, so that mesmerism alone would account for the subject's submission to the trying ordeal. 