THE GUARDED TREASURE. In the second year of the late civil war T was married and went to live with my husband in a small village on the Hudson, some fifty or sixty miles from New York. Tho houso we occupied was a large, rambling mansion of considerable antiquity for this country, and stood a little apart ftqm the rest of the village, surrounded by broad fields, and commanding a glorious view of the river and the hills of the Highlands. It had been built before the Re volution, by my husband's great grandfather, and though destitute of any " modern improve ments, " was still a comfortable and pleasant residence. My husband was a lawyer and a large real estate owner in the neighbourhood, and at the period of which I write, was greatly perplexed, like a great many other persons in the North, by the perilous state of tho times, and espe cially about the safe investment of his funds, as the suspension of specie payments, the great rise in gold, and military disasters in Virginia, made it almost impossible to tell where it would be safe to deposit, or to use one's money in any large amount. In the course of his transactions in real estate, it happened that he received one day, what was, for us then, a large sum, about ten thousnnd dollars, which he brought home and placed in my charge, telling me at tho same time that he should have to be absent during the evening, attending to some business on tho other side of the river, and should not be at home until midnight. " You can place the money in the sate, dear, and to-morrow I will try to find some way to invest it securely," he said, as he gave me the money. So saying, he stepped into tho buggy, which was standing at tho doorway, taking with him our hired man, Silas, and leaving mo with no one in the house but Dinah, an old coloured woman, who fulfilled in our modest household the cook and maid- of-all-work, as she had long done in the family of my own parents, who, on my marriage, had yielded her up to me as a valuable part of my dower. Dinah was indeed a character. She was tall and very stout, weighing, she never would tell how much, more than two hundred pounds. She was very black, and as lazy as she was black. I do not think any ono could move more deliberately than Dinah did, that iB to move at all. And, by a wonderful dispen sation, she seemed to feel that whatever her other faults might be, she was strong on the point of locomotion. For, when she had been moving . with a ponderous slowness, almost maddening to a person of ordinary quickness, one pf her favourite expressions was ; " Well, Miss Lillie, what shall I fly into next! " Hosv she accomplished all she did, tho brownies only knew. Wo used sometimes almost to tremble when there was any special hurry about our domestic arrangements, and yet Dinah always managed to bring . affairs to a consummation just when aminuto more would have ruined everything, and with undisturbed front, would slowly enunciate, " Well, Miss, | what shall I fly at next ! " It was nparly dark when my husband de parted, apd after giving my orders to Dinah, or rather my suggestions, I left her and made the tour of the houso, to seo that all was safe and properly looked up. This duty attended to, I went to my bedroom, intending to pass the time in reading until my husband should return. It was a large room on the ground floor, with two French windows opening on a broad verandah. The windows were draped with long yellow silk curtains, between which the moonlight faintly entered, dimmed by the shadows of the roof of the piazza, and partly intercepted by the fringes of woodbine which hung from it. My bed stood with its head about half a yard from the wall. It was an old-fashioned structure, hung with yellow silk like the windows, but I slept with the hang ings drawn back and fastened to the head board. The bed was so large that no one ever thought of moving it except in those seasons of household panic, called house- clcan- ines. when the combined strength of three or four men were requited to draw it into tho middle of the room. So elaborately carved was it, that it went by the name of Westmin ster Abbey in the family. At one end of tho room, at no great .distance from tho bed, was a large safe built into tho huge chimney of tho mansion, with a door high enough for a person to enter standing upright. Hero I was accus tomed to place every evening our silver plate, on shelves which extended round the sides, on which, also, were placed boxes containing plate and other valuables. Opposite the foot of tho bedstead, between the windows, was a mirror reaching from the floor almost to the ceiling. Like tho other furniture in the room, it was old and handsome. How many happy scenes it had reflected in the hundrod years it had stood there ! The night was exceedingly hot, and I there fore left the windows open, though I drew the curtains before I seated myself at the table in the centre of the room, lighted the candles, and began to read, in order to pass the heavy time before the return of my husband. After n while I heard tho clock strike nine, at which hour Dinah always went to bed. Her chamber was in tbe attic, the third storoy of the house. Remembering some household matter about which I wished to speak to her, I started hurriedly up, and went into the 1 entry to intercept her before she got upstairs. I had to wait about a minute before she came, and our colloquy continued three or four minnfnn mnm When I returned to my bedroom, feeling somewhat tired, I resolved to go to bed, as, at that late hour in the country, it was quite cer tain that no visitors would call, and my hus band could let himself in with a latch-key, which he always carried. I thought, however, I would try and keep awake by reading, and accordingly placed tho light-stand and candle at the head of my bed. I then closed and fastened the windows, undressed myself and cot into bed. The kev of the safo I nut under my pillow as usual. After, reading, perhaps half an hour, I grew iveary of the book, and quietly laying it down, remained for some minutes meditating with my eyes fixed on the mirror opposite the foot Df the bed, in which I could sec myself reflocted, together with tho yellow silk cur tains behind my head. I was thinking, not unnaturally, how pretty I looked, and how happy I was, with such a large sum of money secure in one's safe, when suddenly I saw in the mirror a sight that made my heart stand still. A hand appeared between the ourtains, drawing them slowly apart and grasping oauliously the headboard. It was a man's hand, large, coarse, and dark, as if belonging to a mulatto, or to one greatly tanned by ex posure to tbe weather. My first impulse was to start from the bed and scream for help. I repressed it by a strong effort of will, and lay perfectly motion less, except that I partially closed my eyes, keeping them only sufficiently open to watch the mirror. As quick as lightning my mind took in the situation. In the few minutes of my absenoe from tbe room, while talking to Dinah in the entry, a thief, a robber, a possible mnrderer, had bidden himself either under tbe bed or behind its draped head. He was donbtless armed, and if I cried out, or attempted to escape from tbe room,- he could easily reach the door before I oould, and for his own seonrity would probably put me to death. Dioah was too distant, and too feeble ' and clumsy to afford me any assistance, and besides was by this time asleep in tbe third storey. The man donbtless know that my husband had received a large sum of money, and had gone off aoross the river, leaving me alone, or nearly so, in the house. He had entered, caring only for money, and anxious above all things to esoape undetected and unrecognised. If I let bim know that I was aware of his presence, I should expose myself to murder. My obvions policy was to keep qaiet and feign sleep. I thought also of tho money, and was not altogether willing to resign that withont an effort to save it, and to have some olue to tbe identity of tbe thief. I confess, however, that this last consideration was not a very strong one, and I am afraid that, if I could see my way clear to an escape from the room, I should have fled incontinently withont stopping to see more than that terrible hand. A moment, which seemed an hour, passed while these thoughts rushed through my mind. I lay perfectly still, with my half-closed eyes watohing the mirror. Slowly and noiselessly tbe frightful hand pnlled np tbe corner, until I could see the band and face reflected in tbe glass, and glaring at me with fierce, yet wary eyes. The man was a mulatto, very dark, with evil passions written in every liueament. I could scarcely refrain from shuddering at tbe sight of bis hateful visage, and closed my eyes to shnt it oat. , I was not qnite ready for the ordeal throngh which I knew I most soon pass. I wanted to move my light-stand a little oat of the way, aad to so arraage the bed-clothes that I coald spring from the bed withont impediment. I therefore gave a little sigh, and moved, as if abont to wake, slightly opening my eyeB at the same time. The head and band instantly disappeared. ' I then composedly made tho desired changes in the position of the stand, and the arrangoment of the clothes, put my watch with the safe-key under my pillow — so noar tho edgo that they could readily bo taken oat, as I know they would be — extinguished one of my candles, said my prayers, and re signed myself to my fate, with no very sanguine or definite hopo of extrication from my perilous position. I mado my breathing regular, and a little I louder than when I was awake, and lay with my cheek on my hand, counterfeiting sleep. At last the stillness became more terrible than even my first agony of fear. Several timeB I fancied I heard a soft step approaching from the placo of concealment. As often was I de ceived. Then again that dreadful stillness, in which I counted the ticking of the watoh through tbe pillow. It was a positive relief whon he came out from behind the enrtain, stopped at the table, and Btood looking at me, as I was well aware, though me eyes were closed. I forced myself to breathe regularly and audibly. He came closer ; he bent over me. He passed theilightod candle slowly be fore my face two or three times. I felt the beat and saw tho light through my closed lids, which must have quivered, though be did not seem to observe their motion. Hoaven gave I me strength not to move or cry out. Satisfied, I apparently, ho put back tbe candlestick on the I stand, and his hand crept softly and slowly under the pillow, and one by one he removed my watoh and the key of the safe. He Btood so long looking at me that I felt impelled to open my eyes suddenly npon him. As he walked toward the safe I did partly open them, and cautiously watched him through my eyelashes. I heard him fumbling with tbe look, and once he looked over towards the bed. My eyes were wide open, but I closed them in time not to bo detected. Watohing bim stealthily I saw bim open the door of the safe, which lie ontered without drawing tho key from tbe lock. Here was the opportunity for whioh I had waited and watched. I sprang lightly from tbe bed, with one bonnd reached tho safe,. ,;vw! dashed the door to, turned the key, and with W one long and loud shriek fell prostrate and senseless on the floor of tho dark room. How long I laid upon the floor I don't know — probably for a few minutes only — but as I was unoousoious, it seemed when I came to myself bb if the interval bad been a long one. I was arouBed by his blows upon the iron door, and found myself weak after the long nervous tension, but still calm. I remember tho satis- faction with wbioh I thought, while I lay thero before rising, that he could not escape, mingled with a vague and foolish dread that he might burn the valuable contents of the safe. Ho pounded desperately on the door, and swore fearfully at finding himself entrapped. But I as I took no notice of his outcries he soon grew quiet. Presently I rose, lighted a candle, dressed myself with all possible baste, and with trembling fingers, turned often to look at tho safe, from under the closed door of which I more than half expocted to seo blood trickling — why, I cannot tell, except that my mind waa fall of images of horror, I was soon in readi ness. I had no means of ascertaining time, as he had my watch in his pocket, aud there was no clock in tho room. Taking the candle I hastened to arouse Dinah, who, as I shook her, slowly opened her eyes, and with scarcely more than her usual slowness pronounced her formula: "Well, Miss Lillie, what shall I fly — Lor'-a-massa ; what's de matter with the child ? You ain't seen a ghost, have yon, honey ? " " JN o, Dinah ; but 1 ve Been something worBO than a ghost. I've caught a robber, and he's in the safe. What time is it ?" and looking at the clock that tickod slowly and deliber ately — as — how oould Dinah's olock help doing ? — saw to my great relief that it was near midnight. | Wo had scarcely got down stairs when L heard the sonnd of wheels. A moment more- and my husband was in my arms, listening with amazement to a rapid narrative of my singular adventure. I wouldn't suffer him to open the safe until Silas had summoned assist ance from the neighbouring houses. I feared that my desperate prisoner might still escape.. When the safe was opened, there sat my.- burglar on the trunk, half stupified for want of air, a knife in one band, the package of money in the other, and the burned out candle- at his feet. He was recognised as an old- offender, who had not been long oat of the State prison, to which in due course of law he- was soon sent back for a term of years, whioh. I devoutedly hope may last as long as he lives, for I confess I should not feel easy to. bear that he was at large. The look of rage- he gave me on coming ont of the safe will not- soon be obliterated from my memory. My husband, I need hardly say, was greatly- pleased with my Bafe investment, and compli mented me highly on the courage and coolness, which had doubtless saved my life as well as our money. The love and pride with wbioh be regarded me, and with whioh he always to this day rehearses my exploit, were of them selves a sufficient compensation for tbe horror- and agony of that long summer night.- — Alia Valifornian. 