V;;(, DIfÍCE9^lOt?.NEWüA8XLB.'J ' ',' I -;-.*>',;-, 'J ,./' . 1:. Tim BisHor'e ADTJUBSSI - . ' ' TUB following is, a copy of tho Bishop-or Newcastle's Adarces to tho Synod, May IO, 187-1 : - ?ffomcct to-day as a now Synod, to hold tho first session «four fourth Synod, prupnred and anxious, I would hope, to liow by tho spirit of our deliberations that wo have derived Wncfit from the cxpcricnco which wo hivo hud in thoso CHIBCÜS of our Church. Wo moot, not on om- appointed civ this year-tho first Tuesday in May, bccauno important critics ¡connected v'th lo*cnl proceedings eeemod likely to IMBUO my presence in Maitland on tlut day, and wo did tot meet last week in compliance wi th ii resolution of Synod Mjsed in fio session of 187-',-" That this Synod doairoa to Spross its opinion that, luthe event of ABcensim Diy jailing in tho first week of May, tho Synod should moot «tier in the week preceding or tho week following, accord ins to tho discretion of tho Right Rev. tho President." Tho spirit of which resolution clearly precludes .the Srnod mcoting in any week in, which Ascension B»y may tall. I havo, thcroforo, summoned mu to meet t this year on the week following ¿icension Day. 'And wo meet again, as wo havo dona so tuny times before, to our own grunt content and comfort, iid, M1 would trust, not without some gratification, and wrlup« some little benefit! also ' to our most hospitable {¿tertainer» in our cathedral city of Ne weist lo. > ' ' lio changes among tho clergy of our diprose during-the >ajt Tear havo been important. °Whon wo met in Synod lot May we could see that ono in attendance at the com jMiiccment of the session-tho Rev. T. H. Shaw-was in very delicate health ; and heard, with regret, that onotho nlted labourer in the ministry- tho Rov. W. Lowis-wa< ¿«oin a very precarious state.' Both of these carnes ]»bttircr» were called to their rest bofore tho cloäo tf last year. But the effect of I their faithful jtboVPi has by no means died away in their rerfcctive districts. Tho bemtitul new Btone, church, it* near its completion at, Murrurundi, will bo a Utting monument of the ?.cal of Mr. Lewis, and of tho in lltBce which his untiring labour» obtained for him. While li Jerry's Plains avery beautiful small stone church is low commencing, tho funds for which were most willingly tuntnbutrd from the affectionate regard universally felt ttuonghout this district for thoir thon suffering clergyman, the Rev. T. H. Shaw. The vacancy caused by too docease of tie Rev. W. Lewis has boen Ulled, to my groat satisfaction, Irr the Rev. Jame3 Hois, late incumbant of Mulgoa, and Rnralllcan in tho diocoso of Sydnoy ; and tho It-iv. E. Bob*nil- Smith, of Dungog, has beeueclooted on account of the etToctionate zeal of his ministrations to fill the euro of Jmj's Plains, vacant by the1 docc*»o of the Rev. T. H. Bb»w. The other changes among our clergy have been the appointment of the Rev, J. J. Nash, late of Mur rurundi to succeed the Rev. E. nuband- Smith, at Dungog. The return also'of the Ile». A. H.'Colville to ¿uland has taken place, as In my last ,addroÄ», I lillee wes probable, and his place has been supplied, by tit arrival of tho Rev. H. C. Adnum from Eaglaad, who vu ordained by the Bishop of Lichfield for this diocese, it his Lent ordination last year. And, during tho present year, the Rov. J. A. Nowth has arrived most opportunely from England, and I hn\ù appointed him (undormy own Mtpenntcndcnce) totako charge of the pariah of St Paul'», W«t Maitland, for the Sunday services of which parish I .« Tnvulf at nresent rennoriuiblû. ' * With respect to the lay representative«'of tho various Church districts in this now Synod, 1 with pleasure express ?j rrttification, that while tho changes nro many, the now . acaben are certainly not infei ior to the old in character, pallion, and intelligence, while I may bo'allowed also to ' wfffssmy deep i-cnso of the loss the Synod baa BUstainod i ¿j the absence of two of its old representativo monibers ftttDCTtfi-cy being caused by the decente of Ur. Traill (of Collaroy), the representativo of Cassilii and Merriwa,, i nolle specimen, with his sound hoad and largo heart, of j ii» tiuo Church of England layman ; the other vacancy ' Miring from Major Bolton no1 having been chosen n. repro tentativo member of thia Synod, who, by his long expérience ind regular attendance, has boen a vcîry vlilú'iblo member ' of the bynoe!, and especially of the Diocesan Council. 1 would now tum to the main body of my fiddresi, to tbo i nrjcctfi on which 1 desire to givn the uioinbera of Synod some informnlion ; and as no events of importance, liko our , hie General Sjood have occurred during the past year I »onnected witb our Church, either in England or in tho ¡ »lonies, I will confine my observations to subjects ? irith which wo in tho pre«ent session of Synod. in more especially interested ; and the aim of : ?y remaras wilt be to assist y*n all, eipsoially the! lev members among yon, to discuss with pleasure and, profit the subjects which will bo bronght boforo you for »isidtrntiun this session ; and alf o to prepare you for tho twfnl preparation of those subjeots, which you may pro billy havo bronght beforo you for discussion in our next twion of 187Ö. My observations will, thorofors, range tltm>i>lvcs under these two main hcids : 1\. Subjects to bo contldorcd in tho preaont session; and > II. Subjects to bo prepared for our neasion next your. 1\. SUIUECTS TO HE C0N8IDKUBI1 IN TUB PllESENT 8ERSION. Thcro are three subject« which I hope will be considered, in tie prosent Bcssion to which it may be desirable for mo It call the attention of you all, but especially of tho now Bimberi', who cannot well know, without some such nidoncD, upon what subjects they will have at once to deliberate. There is-1st, The rules of the Clergy Widowa and Orphans' Fund. This subject was, by resolution (165) of our Synod last year, ordered to bo lupnied. 'Ino rc-olnlion una ns follows :-" That tho Diocesan Council bo instructed to framo such amendments in tho rules of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund as may teeni to tbcm desirable, and, after giving the necessary lotice, to lay them boforo Synod at its next session." 2\. The subject of tho now Lcetionary, respecting which ¡sour last action of Synod the following resolution was yropOFed nnd carried :-" That this Synod hereby deter- mines that tho revifcd Tablo of Lesaoni and tho directions nhtinic thereto, na tit present authorised by liw in tho Established Church of iínglnüd, may be used in the Ber- ner-« of iho Church in this dioccso on and nfter any day vhich tho Bishop ahull appoint for commencing tho use of tipióme; and tbat in Oleo of any quostion nrisinfr in any parirh na to whether the said revised tablo should bo used m the placo of tho old Table of Lessoui, the niattur shall bo referred to tho Bishop, as Ordin íry, to doaido." This rcsolutioH was carried in our last session of Synod by a mitjority of uno voto; but for the roia^ns which I iliil give when considering this subject, I felt it to bu my dilly to rofuso my usi-ent to it. Thoro ia, howover, I be- lieve, now with all parties, both clerical nnd lay, a desire In tho UEO of tho Now Lcetionary; and I hopo I nny bo ikloto euîgest n resolution to that olfact which shall bo' approved by all. o. Theioia another subject which I pincoroly hopo we Hijfiad timo to consider during tho present uoaaion, namely, > the trust deed for a church, which was introduced for cori oderntion into the last Sydney Syuod, and after five, days' ttrotiderntion was warmly 'approved by the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney. On thia subject also I think that some information may bo useful to you. A.-RVITS OK CI.EUOT WITIOWS' AN» OltlMtAXS' ru.VD. The first subject which will come beforo the Synod for MSiideration in tho présent session is tho amended rulo .I the Clergy Widow« and Orphana' Fund, and a few ro »utis from mo as to the paat consideration of this im- portant subject in the last two cessions of Synod, and as U the point at which the consideration had arrived, may, 1 think, resist us in brirging this much 'debated subject to a win and happy conclusion. In the session beforo lost, the Mission of 1872, certain iltcrations were proposed in these roles, as the alteration. »t nil» 7, and tho omission of rulo 10, but nfter BIUIO con lidcrab'e diecueaion no alteration waa thon mode, but u rcsolnliem was pasted to appoint a committca to draw np untnduicntB to be considered at the next tes-don. The resolution was in the<0 words-"That a telect cotamitteo of four clergymen and throe laymen ¡v _RPP°m,<-^ hy ballot ta consider the rulos ol Ino Clergy Widoiva and Orphans' Fund, and to draw up weh amendments as may seem to thom deeirablo ; and that they bo intlnicttd to consider specially what means o in bo Mooted to enable alergymen, who have not hitherto joined utfsnd to become shartrs in its benefits, and that they ally M instructed to givo notice to members six niontha boforo »tit session, through the Diocesan Council, of any amend »tnt thoy rosy wish to propose." (Synod Äotrorfc 1872, I io.) ,?t.,,.we" to observe in this rosolution tho importance ituchea to this subject. The members of the oommitteo J«t«tube elected by ballot, and very ablo members of tfï. ï?rî,tJws elected:-The Revs. J. 6haw, Canon t "v'^J?- Wihon' a WâÏ6U; Messrs. J. D. Langley, Fijaos 'White, Charles Bolton. fa " Abo, the committee were instructed to consider specially ««jlorticulsr point, namely, what moans can be adopted " «MM« clergymen who havo not hilhorto joined the fund »o» »o. And special reference is made to one portion of the tlrJi » *Mf° ^»ites that any proposed change in «rale« roust bo notified to the members of Bynod six V^'J??1? ^ .b*2fTe "> ""«de.. «his 18th rule *\£ ??îî alBCUB«K>»- The words of it are as follows, «one of these rules shall be altered or repealed but at a lv»?lnieltmi °J ?* 8«?*0d> "d »fter «* months' notice » «e roçraberg «f the proposed change.' ' These last words ' *«wîî.^^rlk.Ulat.thi"L-t dau,e wouJd be satiiSod if SKIA'^' no'lc«*«n> given of the propoBed chango, »Ain "B.ynod¿.mitU U b8aune a,u»« » different OftT ,i! °L wbiShv B0 notio° n«d been given. Sed rtïï*'» ^î wnom , " Hr««» that the ?ffiL. fe mUit Mt only »» notified six Äj»' «««M a* bo altereu, and must bTeithTr MM«?to. «K5 Pf°P°scduor ¿i rejected. The difference ft« tai, 1RÎÎ «o08 ttay U thM .IP1"l*d. All agreed sutv» r~? ^e was meant to be a protection against ?ÄriK/^' .>î?ea ^f"** to vested WiliLÄ' ?d ftS »amtenanoe of the widows and »wile- aidT^vV'8'68 /? Wlcn nüe8 are very uudo *¿«.VÍd ^i'7' '"^oniidered changes should by all StatC Ä y «ï"** ,K1,InBt* T^0 quiring every tte (JSO? 'i088 "*» to b8 »<*« .* » (Werai meeting «f «wÄticHf0^ »Hu«»?; the requiring six *»> »neXr- l,^e Jr°P°"d «lter»ti<»i of any rulo tto r/rnST f of ,n6 ,nMect, oven though "Vd£l lb<mge **?> ratirV «Meted, «id » .ntMhíflfíi d"ulß6 Mrried- WM« .». I think, will. Ï515° pï0P086,i ¿angewere required tobe w, »pÄa,Änd ?f. esrefoJly draw» up/as to secure the »WMLÄM k"!!?altrt,on'tho»%T*d against, 'Wlarecf aKvw. d YtancS,'?"»««. »t the.soielisad-i »'»feei ajtsr-s delay, until the ne« écttionóf Bjnod, i tho proposed change wera found in any respect cnpablo of improvement' The Sjnod waa cnllod upon to dooide between thepo two mterprotationsof tho 18th rulo in its last («¡sion, whom tho followinc* resolution was pro- posed,-" That tbo true interpretation of tho 18th rulo of tho Clergy Widows nnd Orphans Fund is thnt amendinontH to bo brnught boforo Synod muat havo six months' notice of them given, but when so brought forward, miiy bodi«cn^cl and amondii in Cornmitteo of Synod, IIB Synod may determine"-which motion was lost. Many remarks wore mado during tbo lost < session of Sjnod, as to tho loss of proper dignity äußernd by any de- liberative nsicmbly of freemen, who wore restrained from diatuoaing and tunonding any proposition brought «oforo them ; but it should bo remembered that this roatraint IB in UIÍB cnao imposed upon us, not by any force, external to ourSclves, but by our own authority, for the purpose of giving greater security to tho widows and orphans of tho clergy, and thnt thia self-restraint is really no loss of dig- nify, but rather tho very source of that »pirituil frerioin by which wo at last attain to tho glorious liberty pf tho children of God. This point will bo again bronght before us in the prosont session in the amendment of rule l8-recommended by the Diocesan Council, which will meat I hope and expect with the general approval of Synod, which amended nile to be propobcd is as follows :-Bulo 19. " Rulos may be altered or repealed by the Synod after one month's notice to the members of tho proposed change. Providod that no amendment of nnv such proposed change, shall take effect, unless and until it bo confirme»! at the next Synod " Thus tho Synod will have the full right to discos* and Im- prove to too utmost any proposed change, while the proposed change, if pasted unaltered, will come into forM> at once ; but if altered will not como into force unless and until it bo confiimed at the next nessiou of Synod. - v I would now call your attention to the other important point, specially mentioned in the resolution »ppointsd In the session of 1872, the committee to consider tho rules of tho* Clergy Widows and Orphans' Fund,-" That a'Belo t committee of four clergymen and threo laymen bo appointed by ballot, and that they bo instructed to consider unadally what mennn can bo adopted to enable clorgymen who hiivo not hitherto joined the fund to become Vliarers in ita benefits." During tho wholo discussion, in our lust aoaaion of Synod, of the proposed amendments of those rulos, ihm waa the fact most frequently referred to -tho sin ill number of clergy who had joined the fund, and the large numbur of thoso who still kept aloof from it. It might have been supposed, from tho frequent lamentations hoard on this point, that only a small minority of tho clergy had availed themselves of tho fund, whilo tho groit majority bad kept aloof; and many wore supposed, though witling to jofn, to be unable to do so- some from tho larga amount of arrears, which it was necessary by the exUting rale to pay at once, and others by their inability, from the many family claims upon them, to pay any arrears at all. The remedy proposed to meet tho first difficulty, of paying all the arrears at once when joining the fund, wai expressed in th« 10th amended rule, and was v*ry generally, if not uni- versally approved. It waa in these words :-" Such pay- ment of arrears and nccrucd interest to be mado either at tinco, or in equal inBtalmenta extending over a pfriod of five years." This allowance of distributing tho payment of tho arrears over fivo years seemed to be onasidercd almost universally a very wiso and effective mode of removing tho difficulty felt in having to pay a largo amount of accumulated arrears at onco. It seemed to almast all members of Synod n aufllcient remedy tor tho Iii at difficulty, and had my warm concurrence It was not BO, however, with tho remedy proposed for .remov- ing the second difficulty, namely the inability to pay any arrean at all from the pretaore of many.family claim* upon a straitened income ; the remedy proposed for1 this difficulty in the proviso of ¿ho amended tenth rule waa the allowing an appeal to bo made in all such cases to Synod with the idea that Synod uft^r hearing tho appeal ' nii»rht allow some easier terms of admission to tho fund. To this proposal I strongly objected, thinking it very hurtful toa clergyman's feelings thut ho should bo required in suoh a case-í e , if ho desired bia payment to be lessened or re- mitted-to appeal to the compassion of the 8ynod,-bya public stiifemont of thn smallnoss of Ms means. ! It,' was, at this point that tho consideration of- the ?rmiehded rule», proposed by the committee, stopped in' our last session. Thero was a general corjenrranco iu the pro- posal contained in tho new rulo 10, that the payment of arrears should not bo required at once, but be distributed I equally ovor fivo year», while the proviso of this now rulo 10, 'allowing even- one to apply to 8yn6d for'oasier'terms of admission in his own peculiar case was not so generally approved. J And here- tho 'subject-dropped-'last session. ' This amended rule 10, with its proviso, was neither carried nor rejected, because another error was detected, a» to the dato from which orrcars, ,wore to bo reckoned-tho date of . passing these rules-where tho -tenu original rules passed m 1867 was intended; but the omission could not bo supplied -on account of -tho moaning put by Synod on rule l8. , It was, therefore), thouirht . best to drop any further consideration of tho amended rules then I ? before tho Synod, and to dispose of the subject for that .sossion "by the following rejolutian, -" 'i hat the Diocesan Council bo instructed to frame sunh amendments in the rules of tho Clorgv Widows uni Or- phans Fund a.s may seem to them desirable, and after giving tho uocessary notice, to lay them before Synod at its next session. Carried." ¡ you will thus understand exactly in what state tho amendment of the rules of the Clergy Widows and ' irphins' Fund was left at tho close of our last session. And I will now ask your attention to a simple account -of whit I wa« ablo to ellcct for tho benefit of this fund after the last cession was closed. I first considered the position, and the probablo feeling of everyolorfryman in the dio«eso with r »peet to this Itind.'ana 1 found that thora wore in the dioccso twenty-four clergymen with tho euro of soul» ; 'and of theso twenty- four clergymen, twelve wero ulroidy members of the fund, not therefore a mero small minority, but , half of tbo whole num- ber. Of tho clergy who had not yet joined tho fund, I then considered who were not likely at presint fo wish to join it. For instance, tho unmarried were no' likely to wish to become m-juibers, and deucons wh.i at present bad no permanont titlo to a cure in the diocese, und any who were not really settled in the diocese could no reasonably bo expected to wish at present to pay their arrears and annual subscriptions. This olas* I found to consist of six-ono quarter of the whole nnrabor of elerey, and one-hnlf of tho.ie who had not joined the fund-lea vinj! thus a fourth quarter of the clergy who might be expocted to join if the difficulty üf paying the wholo amount o! an ears . at onco wero cased to thom and the piymont distributed over five years ; or if theso arrears wore provided for those who needed nnd descrv, d such aid. And this way of aspUting the poorer clergy to mako provision for their wid'owi nnd orphans was, I felt, the best and kindest course to be pursued : that tho Bishop of tho UÍOCOBO who should know tho wants of tbo clergy, and their claim, to tuv< these wanta supplied, should be ready to pay to a clergy- man tho kind compliment of oti'aring to supply himself such aid as ho know the clorgymim required and deserved instead of the clergyman being compelled to appeal for aid to tho S)nod, and in support of his appeal, to lav biro his wants, and his «wn in«b'liiyto supply thora, before the clergy and chief laity ..? -lu liocose. I, therefore, from the six clergymen who . ».mud this class, selucled two, the wholo of whoso arrears I offered to próvido** and offered to ¡ tho other four to ndvauco i-> thim the amount of their arrears .to bo repaid',tj moby fl\j equal annual instil- ment». At the end of tho old 10th rule of this fund it was pro- vided that if any olergj-man forthreo years haB neglected to subscribe, ho shall not bo allowed to secure tho bonotiU of the fund, except by resolution of tho Synod. Thoreforo a motion WUB madoand carriednear theondof last sossion-No. Iti'j. "That tho Revs. John and Archibald Shaw may bead mitttd to the benefits of tho "Noircistlo Clorgy Wid *ws and and Orphans' Fund at any tima during the présent j oir on compliance with the present rules." Theso two of our clergy were, therefore, ablo at onco to join tho fund, which they both did. Tho Rev. A. Shaw by accopting my offer to ndvnnco to him the amount of his arro irs ; the Rav. J. Shaw not accepting my offer of the samo advance because he did not require it, his parishioners hiving done him the honour, and themselves the greater honour, of colloutiag and presenting to him as a gift all and more thin he required for this purpose. 'i'ho two clergymen, the whole of whose arrears I offered to provide, moat thankfully accepted my offer, and will joiu the fund this year, as soon as the Synod authorises thom to do se-and thus thero than remained of all the clergy of the diocese who might bo reasonably expocted to join" th» fund, only two who had not expressed their intoation to do so. To both of these1 made a similur olfcjr of advancing the omcunt of arrears they would have to pay -ti which euer on« of the two replied thal ho expocted the sima pro- vision would bo made by Synod this year iu the présent session' by passing tho amended rule 10. and therefore, while he thanked me for tho kindness of my offer, ho pre- ferred to avail himself of this amended rule 10, and had de- cided when it wiis passed to join tho fund. Thereforeitis well that both the members of Synod and tuepublio should now understand, that instead of a small minority only of the clergy having joined the fund, only one clergyman of all who «.nid reasonably be expected to join it. has hat yet decided to de «o. and of that one clergyman it should bo known that he has for some years already insured his life for a consider- able sum. There is only one more point respecting the rules of this fund to which I with to refer, namely, our consideration of tho proposed amendments of these rules daring the present sessisnof Synod. I have already read to you the resolu- tion of our Synod in its last session when appointing th« Diocesan Council te draw up these amendments. The Dio- cesan Council was instructed to frame such »rannduvinU ia the rules of the Clorgy Widows and Orphans' Fund as may ream to them desirable, and, nfter giving the necessary notice, to lay them before Synod at the next, that I* the pre- sent, session, after giving the necessary notice, which ia a a notice of six months, to the members of Syu<>d. Tho Diocesan. Council completed their consideration of the«o amendments early in October last, and were quite reidy to give tho required notice moro than six months ago ; out this unforeseen difficulty arose-to whom were they to give this notice V Thoy could then only givo it to the member* of the late Synod ; and tho members of the present Synod, who wcro surely intended to havo the notice given them, were not elected uatil the early p«t or tho middle of last month (April). What then waa to be done? The Dio- cesan Council were defeated hy unforeseen olrcumstances, over which they had no control. What course wore thsy to take? I remembered a wise estimate, formed by an author of great noto, of'the ceniparative oxcellenoe ot great generals, which says-he is not the most successful genera) who obtains the most > brilliant - victories, but he who makes the beat of his defeats. So <the j Diocestn Coane!] tried to make the hest' yf their defeat, I and decided to lay before Synod the amendment they hid I drawn np, without the required notice of "six'months. proposing, with the consent of Synod, to, conBlder fully ; tkeeo amendment*, nnd to perfect thom as Biuch.ispossibio, but not proposing to pass them iiR Hn ordinance thH aossioii. i This ia exactly th« tourao pursued in tho Synod of tho | InVh Church with itBpect lo subjects to which thoy attaoh thoicrj grcntoBtiiiipoiunce-toullcliiDgesintltdir ntunl- j every auch cbnngL, or nineiidiue t,oi revision of thoir ritual nniet bo carried m Sj nod one year, and then confirmed jn tho | Synod of the next jour, before it cm become law. And tho defeat Of the Diocesan Council may thus, li consider, be tinned to excellent uecount, tho bo»t offset may be made to j rcBuit trow it, for wo may now bo able on this understand- I ing to tonaider moBt fully, nnd amend and perfect .Most j complrttly. thtpo amendments, which wo could not do this BtsBi n- and bo it remembered wo ehould not be able tj do i next tesaion on account of rn'o l8, if tho mnondments i w»ro lither in this soBsion or the noxt session laidtbeforo ' Synod lo bo conaidcicd and passai into law. This, there- i fore, ii« the courte now propowd by (ho Diocesan Council, and 1 trust it will bo approved and carried out by the j tireapTit ft\nnri ! . iB.-THE NEW LRCTIONAKY. ' | The second subject to which I desiro to call your afton- ' tion is the Now Lectionary/ It is a subject which require« j acrniato thought, and therefore close attention, but need | not detain us very long. It'is well to understand clearly what the position of our j Church in this colony is with re-pect to alterations made in i the laws of our mother Chu roh in England. When we agreed to onr Churoh constitutions in our general confer- j ence held at Bydnoy in 1866.- constitutions described as < " for tho man« «nient and good government of .tho United Church of England and Ireland within the colony of New South Wales," weacoeptedforourown U'oandguid'inco the doctrine and ritual of our mother Churoh, as Bet forth in the Articles and Liturgy of tho Church of England, and also the cxi.ting laws respecting the discipline/govern- ¡ ment, and well ordoring of' the Church in England as binding upon the members of our Church in this «olony. Wo , accepted then for ourselves both tho doctrino and ritual there authorised by law in tho' Church at home, and also trio ! laws then in fdroo with respect to tho disciplino, govern- ? ment, and woll-ordoring of tho Church. ThuR wo than ' accepted as our own, to bind ourselves at that time, the laws of the Church at homo with respect to both thp great divisions of Church law,-1. The law respecting doctrine ' and ritual ; and 2. The law respecting discipline and govern- | mern ; while for the futuro wo engaged to1 follow the i guidance of tho mother Church in Eng and in vory differ- , ont degrees with Tespcct to those two main divisions of Church law. Thia difference) is vory . clearly Rot forth in I my replies to the inquiries to the present Archbishop of ' Canterbury sent by him when ho was Bishop of London, to all the Colonial Bishops in 1866. the very year in whioh our Church constitutions woro adopted. My roply 'to theso inquiries was dated March 22, i867, and my two chief reciimmendationa were in those words : 1\. That no rulo, ordinance, or determination of any Diocesan or Provincial Synod shall make any alterations in tho articles, litUrgy, or formularies ot tho Church, oxcopt in conformity with any alteration whioh may be made therein by any competent authority of the United Churoh of England and Ireland, in the "United Kingdam (which is our 27th cont-titntion). 2\. That each Diocesan and Provincial Synod formally ii celare» f by canon or other provision, that tho existing laws n-ppecting the discinlinc, government, and well-ordering of the mother Church, in the United Kingdom, aro, and shall be considered, bind ¡nie upon the members of the colonial Church in their dioiese or province, until altered aftor duo and careful consideration by future enactments of their own Synod. Thus there'was no limit placed upon onr power of altering, by the enlctments of our own Synod, tho laws of the Church in england, with respect to the disciplino , and government,-und well ordering of our Church. While by our own 27th constitution we restrained onrsolvea from mating, by any enactment of our Synod, any alteration in the doctrine or Kitual of the Church-that is, in its Articles or Liturgy, except in conformity with, any altera- tion which might be previously made by competent autho- rity in England. To this 27th constitution we gave our doutent, and I am convinced it has now our most ardent approval. No single person among us can wish to violate this 27th constitution; and in seeking now to introduce the New Lectionary into the service of our churches we all do'ire that the alteration introduced by our Synod shall be in conformity with the alteration made in the Liturgy of the Church in England by the New Lectionary Act What then ia this alteration ? The Now Lectionary Act, as it ia commonly called, was passed in England on 13th July. 1871, and its proper short title is, "The Prayer Book (Table of Lessons) Act, 1871." ThoAct consists of a rather long pre- amble, then a very short first enacting clause, morely de- claring the short title ; and then one other clauso enacting the alteration, followed by a long schedule clearly setting out what the alteration is. This schedule consists of two paris- the fir*t partsimply quoting the present directions in our prayor hooks immediately beforo tho table of proper lessons, and tho schedule quotes those directions with this heading :-" Existing directions prefixed to the Prayer Book to bo omitted in futuro." The second part of the schedule contains the new directions with this heading :-" Directions to bo rirefixed to the Prayer Boook in lieu of the directions in the first part of this schedule." And then follows, in tho second part of the schedule), tho now table of lessons, with theso headings : -" Table of proper lessons to be inserted in lieu of ex- isting table of proper lessons." "And table of first daily and second lessons to be inserted in the calendar prefixed to the Prayer Boole, in lieu of the existing table," And this is the whole completo »Iteration of tho New Lectionary. The new directions are to supersede the old directions, and the now tables of lessons aro to supersede, to be in lieu of, as tho phrase of the Act is, the old tabias. Tins IB the whole complete alteration, with which any alteration we moko by tho authority of our Synod must bo, by our 27th constitution, in conformity. Wo in iy now turo to quite a different point, from the alteration itself to the mode or timn of adopting it. lu the second enacting clause of the Act it ia soid, " After tho 1st day of January, 1872, tho directions respecting tho order how the rest of Holy Scripturo is appo-utcd to bo read, tho tablo of proper lesson», and tho table of first and s»c-ond la-sona contained in the *ocond part of tho schedule of this Act shall be sub- stituted for the corresponding parts of tho (existing) Book of Common Prayer." And then aftorwirds in the same clause, thero is this proviso: "Provided that the table of lessons hitherto in legal USB, may at any time prior to tho 1st of January, 1879, be followed in lieu of tua tabla hereby substituted iherafor." In theso portions of tho enacting oliuso ot this Act which I have read, it is curious to observe the binding force of tho words used with respect to tbo adoption of tho new tables on Januar)-, 187 i. Tho words are they »hall ha then huUtituted, and then tho following proviso allowa the old tables to bo used until 1st Junuiry, li>79 ; but I wish espe- cially to point out tho wide option given by this pro-iso that tho tablea of lessons hitherto in legal use, may at any lime, prior to January 1, 1879, bo fallowed in lieu ot the tables hereby substituted. So that if the new tabic- are adopted on any oso Sunday, the old tables may still be fo-lowcd in lieu of tho new tables, on tho following Sunday ; and thus, the lessons in any church may to changed fr ni the old tables to tho now tables, and then bictragmn from the new tables to the old, whenever the clergi mau so wishes until January l»t 1879, without tho approval or even the previous knowledge ol tho congregation. Now, to this 1 strongly object. It is, I consider one of the very wise principles m tho ordering of our Liturgy or public worship, that almost everything in it is bottled by authority- that tho prayers und tho portions or Scripture tobe read by the clergyman ara not left to,his option, but are appointed by law, and thus cvory member of tho congregation may know tho order of the prayers and tho portions of Scriptura appoint ed to be read, whether as the Lessons or us thu Epistle and Gospel ; and is thereforo able to follow the excellent advice of many of our old divinas, und prep ir« himself for divine Bervice by reading tho I's ibu» »f t-.e day, or the Lessons, or tho Epiatle and (însr-'O, Wtm- h« tomes to church, so'hat ho may brlnir hi-, f.v>s¡r"iti. i.nc spirit into clos- er union with the '. le-«cd truli* to ix brought before him in the Service, and ri^ilvu irr.- mir edu- cation from it. And I, therefore, f>»ol fi-it to louve this changing of the tab es of 1IWH.HI I b.n kw irrîi and forwards to tho option of tho elt-r^viuiii is an injury to the members of tho om-.-i'Viti'in, as well as a danger to tho clerg>man imn-olf. Lot me ask your attention to t.'yi Mlowing words ot the present Bishop of Chester, ns tp leaving the selection or use of any pirtof the service of th« Clmri.li to the option of the clcrg)m.in. The' Bishop (iu the Convocation of York, February 29, 1873) was spe-iklng of J cumprjmise which was suggested during the laiodisou sion* conoiiraing the Athanasian Creed-namely, that th.> i«^d¡tiir of the Athanasian Creed in our public worship shoul I na longer bu made compubory, but lett to tho option uf tim rter--,-> m >n. The Bishop spoke thus :-" The compulsory use [of tho Athanasian Creed] suggested the mating the uso oF it optional. And that I íegaid as the woakost and worst of all modes of dealing with it. (Loud cheers.) The clergy- man who now obeys the' Rubric obeys the law, and what- ever people may think he is doing, he ÍB sheltered under the law ; but once transfer tho Rubric to the discretion of A, B, and O among the clergy, and what have yeuP Heartburnings, jealousies, and party names banded about. (Cheers.) I am sure it would bo throwing open tho flood- gates fur tho waters of bitterness and strife. (Cheer«.)" These words seems to mo to have great weight, as pointing out the injurious effect of leaving any portion of the pubtio worship of .our Church to the option of the clergyman : and I also think it is very desirable that the laity of . the Church should know beforehand, and be able tf ¡rail beforehand,' the leeton» which they «re to listen to in the aervlcd. With respect then to the clergy being allowed to ohoo°e wh it they may consider the best time far'changing fi-0ul t*;., i¡o¿. of the old tables of leesons to the new '».bin*' ' without doing so necessarily «ft the «lay^ajr-ca by the Ordinary, I do u it wish that they «beal« \» deprived of anyoptlou or privilege of dib'«« which tho New Lectionary Act may give them, but I do consider it very desirable to'avoid the changing backwards and forwards from the one tablo to the ether, «o that th» congregation can never know for certain what lessons ure about to be read.. I myself .consider the new tables of lessons« gnat improvement uaôn the old : vand 1 consider uniformity in our different charchas in this respect désir- able, tbcugh not very important > I traattheroforo that the S) nod may be able to agree almost unanimously to some resolution on this-subject, by which the Mew Lectionary at some early day may bo adopted, and by which the clirgy, if they desire it^inay have thoir choice as to the exact tirso at which they will make the change (rom the old table of lo»¿ »ons to the new, but'by which they wjll bo required, when they onoe choose to make the «haag*, ' to'adhere to it; atti not be allowed to change backward« and forwards from the old tables,to. the new, and then again, from'the now to the old-to as to keep" their'congregation« until January 1, ; 1879, in ignoninco na to what lessons will bo read to t um in thoir Chun h Service. . l i As a mere BUggcBtion as to how what I have hore pro rosed may bo carried out, I would any that I araquin 1 reudy lo approve of tha main part of the resolution on i lu j hubjcct which obtained a majority of votos in our i lau eci-aion of Sjnod, namely-"That this ,8yii'id ! hereby determines that the revued tablo of, lo-sens, wuh iho direttioiiH lelafing thereto, as nt present authorised by law m the Established Church of England; may bi'used 1 in tho Eerv.ret, of the Church in thia Diocese, on"and after ¡ any dny whîi h tho Bit-hop may appoint for commencing tho > UÍO of the same. This I consider nicely drawn up, oxcopt 1 thnt the word "may" should bo altered to "shall," as in the Act, and then it would bo quite satisfactory if a short proviso were added, to prevent tho changing backwards anti 1 lorwiuda fruni the old tables to tho new, and simply I requiring that the change once mode shall be adhered to I But to tho laat oluuio of this 'resolution of last session I have a very great objection, namely, " And that, in case of any question arising in the parish, as to whether 'tho a ifd revised table should be used in the place erf the'eildtiilJlo of lessons, the matter shall be referred to -the jBiBhop, 'as Ordinary, to decide." This, when I heard! it Mod; Btrack me as very objectionable, in feet as a sfirring-iip of strife in many parishes, and telling the oongre gâtions, that, they might oppose the decision of their clergyman- in' this mutter, and appeal against his decision to the Ordinary, whereas tbo choice ot which table of lessons'should be need at any time is left by the Lectionary ÄoU and 'by the invoiinble ruling of the Church of England'in »U'such catea, to the clergyman to decide, Tho mistake in iho last clause of this résolution seemed to me so sorions/anct "my objection toit was so strong, that I hod no difficulty In coming at once to the conclusion that-1 was unable to> con- sent to it. But if the first main part of thatjei-olutipn were again proposed, and this latter part of it omitted, and a short proviso udded to prevent the changing backwards and forwaids,from one table of lessons to the other, in some such words aa these :-" Or, provided that the change from the tables of lessons hitherto in legal use,'to the revised tables, may be delayed at the option of the clergyman, to any time not later than 1st January, 1870." By some such conrse as this, I think that an almost unanimous approval of the resolution might be obtained. . On the subject then of the New Lectionary, the'', two simple points which I desire te impress on your mind*, and which I will therefore'conclude by repeating, are these : 1\. That ou> Wth Constitution requires uniformity .with the alteration set forth, and made logal by, the new Leo tionary Act, namely, the substituting new directions and new tablés of lessons for tho old directions apd the 'old tables of lessons, but 'does not require uniformity with the Act, which determines tho mode or time hy which, or at which, the alteration «hall be brought about. 2\. That it is wise and right, both on account of the clergyman of the church and tho laity of tho congregation, that the use of the New Leotionaiy, when once adopted, should bo adhered to, and that uo change of, taules back u ards and forwarda from the old to the new, and then again from the new to the old, should receive the sanction of Synod. . C-THUS'T DEED FOR A ciiuatm. Tho third and last subject to which I desire to call your attention as likely to come beforo you for consideration this session, is a Trust Deed for a Church. It ia an'important tnbject, and I will gather the remarks which I have to make to yon respecting it under the three following heads: 1\. The need of such a Trust Deed. 2\. The value of this particular Trust Deed, a copy of which has been sent by my direction to every member of synod. ? ' And 3. The action which it may be désirable for na now to take respecting it. And as'the statements made by Mr. Gordon, the late Chancellor of the Diocese of Sydney, when introducing and tuppoHhag this Trust Deed in tho last Sydney Synod, are very valuable, and very clear, I shall not scruple to avail myself of them for your information. 1\. The need of »uch a Trust Deed. Mr. Gordon, in introducing this Trust Deed to the Synod of (he r-ydney Diocese, and urging its careful considera- tion, gave tho following short history of the old Church Act: " Previously to tho enactment which in the year 1866 sanctioned and rendered of avail, the action of'the'Synod in the management of ,the affairs of tho Church, those affair» had been regulated by an Act of tho Col <nial>Legis- ' lature, known comm nly as tho Church Temporalities Aot that Act, 8 William IV., No. 5, was passed on the 6th September, 1837, and was the natural sequence^of anothor Act passed in the previous year, having for its objects to promote religious instruction ia the colony by affording assistance to the various religious bodies in respect1 of the building of churches and chapels and ministers' residences, and the payment of stipends to ministers,, Before, however, any such assistance could be obtained ' for building, it was necessary to have trustees ap- pointed, who might be responsible for tho clue application of the money granted. As this first Act (usually called Sir Richard Bourke's Act), did not. nnd indeed coi.ld cot, specify the details of tho trusts, it became necessary for the various religious bodies which were to ho benefited, to define and regulate the trusts each for itself. Thia necessity gave rise to the paa«fng of certain Acts, one of which, relating to the Church of England, -wa« the 8 William IV. No. 5. It was generally supposed' that the Bishop, i.e. Biahop Broughton, assisted by tho lato Mr Norton, had no small share in the framing 'fit the Act, or at all events in placing it in the shape in which if. was passed. Be that as ii might, it was clear to any one ac- quainted with the general state of Church law iu England, tbattheiobject of the fraiuers of the enactment must hive been, so fur a» possible, to as&imilnto; the position of the Church in this colony to that of the Church in England. Under this Church Aot, then, the ulfliirs of the Church of Knglnnd in the colony had been regulated for a ap.ico of oiei thirty-six jeir». It was not, therefore, strange that changes of circum>tances had oocurrcd which rendered ci rtnin provisions of the Act li>ss adapted th<m,they origin- ally were to answer the pin poses for which thoy were intended." From this short historical sketch of Mr. Gordon wo lo irn how the Church Temporalities Act was drawn up, and in the course of years became in many respecta inoapuble of Hiipplying the' growing wants of tho Church. And for many 5 eors the question has been frequently asked what course could be bist pursued to supply tho acknowledged defect of this Act. AVaa it wise for tho Churoh to apply to Parliament to amend the old Act, and thur- lo bavo all tbo details of .Church government diEcustcd in the Legislative Assembly ? Or ww it wiser to drop all idea of having the Act amended by Parliament, and to take all possible care topasa in our own Diocesan and Provincial S)nods ordinances which would supply the defects and.deficiencies of tho ChurcU'Aet; and when these ordinances had been passed and tested by expe- rience, then to apply to Parliament simply to repeal the Old Churoh Act Wc, in our Synod, hive moro than once considered this subject, and expressed a very decided opinion that it would be most unwiso to appeal to Parliament to amend the Church Act, and that the proper coursa to be pursued wa» to préparer ourselves by considering and passing in. Synod the necessary ordinances for applying to Parliament simply lor tbo repeal of the Church Act. Mr. Gordon, in anothor speech in ino laBt Sydney Synod, well expressed his sense of the folly of applying to the Legislative 'Assembly to amend the old Churoh Act. Ho said : "As to Roing to the Legislative Assembly for an amend- ment of the present Church Act in preference to adopting >-uch a deed as this, it must bo remembered that any suoh t ourse would be sure to encounter a very great amount of 01 position, Mich as they might well shrink from. What did such n bod) as the present Leginlature of this coloriy imefo. tho special interests of the Church of England r What did tbt-y care for our so-called parochial system and our Church works P Of couri-e the present Législature had i.either knoulidgc of, or experienco in, our concerns as a Church, and could not indeed be expeoted to understand them. It might be all very well for isolated members of tho Legislature to do the best they possibly cou'd for the Church in either IIouso in forwarding the passing-of an improved Church Act; but whether such menibera under- took to supiott any such bill, or shrank back from the insk, there would be butène result-an eventual failure." Such aro the sentiments of Mr. Gordon on this point, and no in this diocese have ever since tho first commencement of >-)nodicel notion expressed the »ame sentiments. For J well lt-iiienilier that this subject was discussed in our first ö)iiod held at Morpeth in 1865, when I stated that in my opinion it would to most unwise ti attempt an amend- ment of the Church Ae.t; and that the wise course was to provide by ordinances of our Synod a complete substitute for our Church Art, to como inte force when that Act waa repealed, and then to apply to Parliament for it« rental. And I remember a" visitor at that first Synod (the lier. Canon Stack) expressing to me, his most hearty con- currence in this opinion. boes then anybody ask, what is tho need or uso of such n trust deed, as I am new commending to your consider- ation :-the simple anwer is-It is the first practio.il fctep, and a most Decenary step, in carrying out tho course ot procedure deemed essential for the well-ordering of our Churchever since tho commencement of Synodical action. I proceed t» the second head of my statement. The value ot this particular trust deed. < Kotb-ng can show wore clearly the value of. any .work j than the length of time, and the great labour expanded in . producing it. I will, therefore, on this peint, »imply quote I from Mr. Gordon's speech a statement of the long, careful, persevering action of* the Sydney Synod in preparing this ; trust deed. " Pawing from a general view of tho Churoh Act, the . Chancelier proceeded to give an account of the action taken ,\y fee Synod wit}», regard to it-that a motion proposed in '. the first Sti'sUn of the MioUl Synod for' referring tile quel- . , lion of the repeal of that Act to the Provincial Synod hld i been abandoned- that in the second session of the same S\nod ,the,'«ruestign of ' Whether the Act should bi amended, or otherwise dealt with, was referred to the . Standing Committee ;' that in' the third session the < Standing Committee reported that the Synod had no power ;. to deni with the Church , Act without the assistance of the Legislature ; that it was not desirablo ' at present -to apply to the ' Legislature, but that it was deiiraUe, thut ordinances or trust deeds should be framed with as little delay as possible, under which Church property might thereafter be placed ; that the Synod adop- ted the portion of tam report with reference to tho prepara tica of trast deeds, and referred the question ef the amend ment of the Act to the Provincial Synod ', that the Provin- cial Synod, which met' in 1873,' after much discussion en th« sub;ect,' appointed a committee to consider th« Church Act, ard recjnested that' bommitte« to report to the Metro- politan, with the view of his laying its report before the Eynod« of the different dioceses ; that by the, committee so appointed n«tid»ir,xjnVycjt been done; thai the Standing Commilce ' of this ßyned had,' in tho, last session, laid' 'bcfr-ro the Syiird the draft of a 'proposed ind in truat for a church ; that this draft h d bren referred to the Provisional Standing Com? millee for consideration and report; thal tho Provisional M.riding Committee had appointed a aab-coinmitteo, con MHing ot Mr. K Jones, Mr. Jaque, <irni >Ir. Foster, to c insider and report upon tho drift; thar by this sub ci mmittce, tho rnft, niter being altored in various parti enlnri, wns brought up and was now submitted to the Synod by tho Standing l.'uimnittae ; that the aub-com iiiitteu had consulted with him (the Chancellor) upon tho draft, and that all the alterations met with his heirty concurrence na being improvements." Such has been the lirno and labour expendod on the pre- paration of this trust deed, the motion to consider it iu i omruittto of tho Whole Houso in the last session of the hydney Synod waa drried by u largo majority, th* montera voting in favour of its being thus considered being Beventy-sovcn, and the noes only twenty-one. It wa« moat carefully considered (for five days, and at the eloso of this five days' consideration the Metropolitan expressed his sense of its value in the following terms : "He cotdially approved of. tho trust deed, and should lecommend it, whatever might be the decision arrived at by ibe 6) ned that evening. It was not an ordinance, bat a model trust deed, admitted to bo oap,iblo of alteration and improvement. He was quito satisfied that this trust deed would prove to he a valuable essay toward the improvement of the Chnrch Act." I proceed to the third and last head of my statement on this subject ; 3. The action, which it may be desirable for us now to take respecting it. On this point I desire to _ be as brief s* possible, and would say.-let ua in this session of Synod take the samo action with respect to this trust deed as was taken in the last session of the Sydney diooeso. Mr. Gordon, on the first day of the last session, proposed the following motion,-" That the President leave the chair, and tho Synod resolve itself into a com mit toe of the whole for the consideration of the draft proposed deed of conveyance in trust for a church,"-und this motion, after a long debate in which many objections to it were mado and answered, was carried by a majority of 77 to 21. Thia trust dceid ÍB really, after many years' delay, the first practical step towards providing for our Churoh, ordinances, which may supersede tho old Church Act and therefore provide for its repeal ; # for it should be borne in mind . that it is intended by Mr. Gordon and1' the Metropolitan that thia trust deed should he followed by other trust deeds of a similar character. To quote again Mr. Gordon's words :-" I treat this deed > will be followed by similarly ftumed deeds for parsonages, burial-grounds, and other Church properly (or schools), so that 'a time may come whon, guided by experience, the Church in this colony may, as a united body, gb to tho Legislature, and ask that property now under the Church Temporalities Aot, imvy* be trans. ferred, according.to its character, to be held upon the trusta of deeds formed upon a plan similar to that of the one now presented »you.'* > Ton have heard how langa time it has taken, and how many committees, to produce at last this trust deed, and we may, therefore; well consider it right and necessary not to delay any longer* the first practical Btep of that coursi of action which . We so gerierally approved in our first Synod, nintí years ago. I would not, however, propose to consider and pasa this' trust deed as an ordinance in the present session. The due.notice required by our standing orders has not been given to authorise us to take such a course, and,, even ii due notice had been given, I should prefer to follow now tho prudent course which we have for some time adopted of giving our important ordinances a second year's consideration before thoy are finally passed. I would, therefore, now only recommend a careful con- sideration of this trust deed in committee of tho whole, leaving the Synod to determine the nature of tho resolution by which it shall be received by the Synod when roported to it by the Chairman of Committees, as passed in com- mittee, with or without amendments. Having now concluded my remarks on theso three important subjects, which are likely to be laid before you for consideration this session, I will alinde, in few words, to another important duty which will devolve upon yen-namely the election in the first session of anew Synod, of many officers of Synod, and of-many memf-ere of Diocesan Connells and Boards. The secretaries of Synods, and the chairman of committees,' will probably bo elected this evening, but the election of members of the Diocesan Council, and of tho Presentation Boird of the Diocese, with tho Board of Diocesan Trustees, and other committees, need not take placo to-day or even to-morrow morning. It would perhaps, be better to defer such election not to Friday, to the hurry of our usual lost day of Session, but to Thurs- day morning or Wednesday evening, so that during to-day I and to-morrow morning, all the members of Synod, and especially the new members, may have some little time to | ascertain the opinions and feelings, and temper of each I other, and thus be able to choose the members best suited for the offices which have to be filled. This ia all I'will add respecting the duties of tho present session, and turn very briefly to the second great head of my pro- posed subjects, namely, II. THB SUBJECTS TO BE I'HEPAUED FOB. OUR. SESSION NEXT YEAH. I will be as brief as possible oa this second-general head, and trust that no one will be frightened by the formidable lint of subjects proposed for his consideration and prépara lion during tbe present year. . . 1\. 1 he confirmation and final passing of the amended rules of the Clergy Widows and Orphans' Fund. I trust thnt thoTomploie consideration of these rules during the present session will leave but little of further thought or trouble to ensure their fini^pisaing next year. 2\. The final consideration of the trust deed for a churoh, with the preparation of similar trust deeds for parsonages, i'Urial ground», and Bchoola-tho preparation of which tiuat deeds may bo intrusted to the Diocesan Council as part of their work during the presont year, and will prove un in portant and difficult task. 3\. The revision of important ordinances,-In the Sydney diocese they have had onün.mcas of their first Synod ptinted for circulation and for sale, under the direction of their bite chancellor, Mr. A. Gordon, since 1870. Wo have now ordinances of Synod, which, if' printed with our Constitutions, and perhaps the Church Act, and with our Standing Orders, would be a great convenience to the nu tubers of Synod nnd other members of our Church. Bul there ordinances, as our Parochial and Diocesan Funds Act .iiid our Presentation Act,havo eomo inaccuracies and defects in them which, might be well corrected by the Diososan Council, and the corrections approved in our next session of Synod. Thus I havo been applied to during the present j . nr for copies of our Presentation Ordinance, by the Metropolitan, and tho Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, i nd the Biahop of Bathurst, while the questions and criti cifin of the Biahop of Graftoa'and Armidale in a subse- quent letter show that there are verbal defects in ' that ordinance which require correction. I still continuo to receive very pleasing notices of the same ordinance from England, one of which, received by the last mail, I will read to you. Canon Greaves, as many of tho clergy know, has left his living in England and been appointed to a cute in Amerioi. He wrote to his irituds in England an account of his appointment to this cuie and Conon Burke, having ssen that letter, thus contrasts tho mode of appointing a clergyman in America with our own Preecntation Ordinance. Ho thus writes to ' nie: " I was much interested in reading your account of the first working of your Presentation Board in the in- stance of Murrurundi. And its wisdom waa soon after brought foroibly before me by the contrast of- the Amerionn system, which Mr. Greaves mentioned in slate letter. In America, the vestry of tho parish elect their clergyman, subject only to the Bishop's license. And this Bystem opens the door to great evils in regard to the want of in- dependence of the clergy as ambassadors for Christ; and where tho parish and vestry are in a low moral and spiritual state, the clergyman chosen would probably bo such a ono as would not ko likely to awakon them out of thoir slumber. In yeur mode of appointment the grand point of mission is preserved, ano yet neither can the pastora of the various parishes be tbe mer« nominees of the Bishop, nor is the sober judg- ment of the parishioners, by their representatives, refused its due weight. Long may the the plan of your diocese work for tho good of the people." These ordinances of our Synod are certainly worthy of careful revision, and more extensive circulation. 4\. The subject of religious education is ono of groat difficulty, and yet demanda most careful consideration ; on this subject the Diocesan Council might be instructed to report to Synod in the next session, with special reference to the encouragement and improvement, of our Sunday schools, and the establishment of superior primary schools in our chief towns. 6_. I would only mention'one other important subject, v. hieh should engage oar thoughts daring the present year, tb» obtaining a greater supply of agents to assist the clergy in their ministrations, as the increase of lay readers, and' the selection of duly qualified young men, as candidates for oídtrs. These are all subjects which- require «arty and careful consideration-may we then give «ur earnett thoughts and earnest prayers, that these pressing wants may, by the great mercy of God, be in som« degree supplied arno«*; tia. 1 shall allude in very few words 'to our finances during the past year. You will leam from the report of the Diocesan Council, that in the receipts of alraoet «very fund lhere has been «n increase for last year, and that our generell balance at tUe end of the year, ha« been greater than in sny previeu« year. - Our Church expenditure hw aleo been very 1er«;«, «nd »»any new chnrchee are-now in process of ercvtii«. On th««« point« «f temporal pic perity I would not, however, detain you, but hasten on to a few concluding words as to the ' spiritual- con- dition, of the d.iocwo, This is th» main point, the ene thing needful,-wé our dmrchei and parsonages, ahdnii.sionary clergy, and services, and sacraments, leading to a growth in grace, a winning of souls to Christ, in St. Paul's words, to the perfecting «f the saints, the work of the ministry, the edifying of th« body of Christ. This is to ep ch ene of us, my brethren, both of the clergy and laity, the one all-important subject oi inquiry. Are we each one - growing in grace, walking more and more closely with our , God, sanctifying more, and nore the Lord God-in our . hearts P I would>gam-a>peal to our C«nfinnations lMt year for encouragement on this subject. At the cioso of last November we had, in this city of ? Newcastle, in, St . John's Church, a servio« of .oatftrmatiom, which was indeed a moving servioc-a servio« which the incombent of the church described to me, at its conclusion, as a service to be much remembered. On the following Sunday, I held another Confirmation service at St. Peter's, Bast Maitland, which va« . servios of unusual solemnity, with an unusual power of spiritual influence ; the number of the young candidate« was very large, and they had evi- ' ' dently been roost carefully prepared, and their whole dev aaeasour.both at their eonfinnnäon and their Ant oorumu niori WM Most'tuuchtog.' I was ihyself deeply affected at i that service, I felt'it was good for me to.be there,'and one of tho young candidates told her clergyman afterwards, that never in her life before hod tho-promises of the ' Gospel, the words of loving advice, tho repeated pravor for blessing upon herself and others, no entered into her heart. Let ns pray that the good seed may not only havo entered into that heart, but have dwelt there, and be now dwelling there, and bringing forth m her and in others the fruits of righteousness and poaco and joy in the/Holy Ghost-and may all the délibérations of our Synod conduce to such results, and may we now give ourselves to tho duties of this session in tho »pint of meekness and brotherly love willing to bear and forbear, anxious above all things to attain, by the Holy Spirit's aid, increased holtness on earth, and at last, through the mercy of God aad our Saviour's merits, perfect endless happiness in heaven, A REron-r or- TOE DIOCMAS CoujrcrL or TIIK DIOCISK or NíV CASTLE rOS TH» VEAU 1871. The Dioceeao Council respectfully presents to Synod th» fol- lowing: report of its proceedings for the Tear '1873, ant, adapting the usual division of its business, lays before the Synod the result of Us work onder the following; head» : . ,- . * 1\. Ordinary business. , " II. Management of the fund» placed at Its'disposal. ' ' '' ni The bnslnee» commute! to it by Synod. - . I The Council has held meetings on July 2 «ni October 1, 1 1873 ; Jannary 7, M web. 5, April 7, and May l8, 1874. The attendance at these meetings has been a» follow» : Tho-R Bev. the President., « Mr. C. Bolton .5 Bev. Canon Child ... « i. Smith .8 Bev. Canon Selwyn ... 6 F. White '. ... ' ... 4 I Bev. Canon White , . 5 3. Hannell ... ... 2 Bev. B. Chapman ... 6 B. Le» ' ... ' U.. '2 Rev. L. Tyrrell ... 6 E. Parnell ... -... C Bev. "W. 8. Wilson ... I i , i , < /, j..Id In compliance with the resolution of 8jmod, the Diocesan Council has caused t* be compiled from the report« tarnished by the Inoumbents of pailshee, and the secretaries of Parochial Councils, a »hort account of church work, which is now presented to Synod, and will be read. - ' * Liais of contributions have been furnished by all the parishes but one, and tour parishes have not eent in any report. . * Financial and statistical returns hare alao been prepared, and are ¿ow presented to Bynoe*., but, from theabienec of return» from four parishes, they are n .t eo satisfactory as could op wished. The returns which ara furnished complete give sufficient evider ce ol steady progress In the material work of the ühurobi' ' li. The management of the funds. The Connell extended the time for completing the collection for the parochial fand lo January 81st, 1874, and,for the additional stipend fund, with the consent of the Right Bev. the President, t* February 28th, 1874. Contributions to the Btipena Fund have been sent in by every parish, and it is encouraging- to find that there has been an increase on the whole amount of eomribauon» sent from, »he parishes of £19117s. 7d , over that of last year, and that the parish of Wickham most newly formed, ha» sent in the full amount required of it. * \ The whole reeeipt» of the Stipend Fund have been ... £4108' » f Which, with the balance of .1027 17,6 Making la all the sum of. ... £5898 l8, 0 Have been expended ia pay stipends of the clergy, to . i , theexteniof. ' ... £3910? t)(j j Leaving a balance of ... ... ... ... £1414 17 8 For tho additional Stipend Fund, It is also encouraging- to find that £348 2s. id. have been forwarded Twenty-one parishes have contributed for 1878 the »um of £242 sa. «4., th« resaalnlnr £109 l8», having been contributed by the Lord Bi-hop and several other contributara throsgh mm. It will be feen by ,Ua treaiurer's statement that £548 3». 6d, from this furn have Men applied £84 to the Endowment Fund, and £484 3s. 6¿. te the Stipend Fund. io Charon collections forth« Diocesan General Fand have been nude in eleven parishes, which with the first charge of 6 per ocat. upon the Parochial Fund in every district, «ad with the interest on the floating balance, make the total receipt« ... £J93 X1,11 Thii, with a balance from 1872 et ... ... ... NUS In all ..7 ... £SS4i4 * has been expended in «titehargin«; the expenses of the . Diocesan Council and ot the Synod last year, and l*r grants to various objects amountin« to ... ... 285 19 "8 Leaving a balance of ... ... ... ... £19' 0 8 lor 18/ï, to the credit of the general lund. Church collections for the Society ter the Propagation of the Gospel were mid» la twelve parishes, and show an encouraging ioerease of S22 7s. 4d. over the amount colleoted last year, i ,T»t) Diocesan Council has been requested by the seoretary of the society in London to convey to the parishes whioh contributed the amsunt raised last year, the tocleiy't grateful acknowledg- ment of that token of their tymptthy in its great and growing work. The Council would respectfully rtmind members, that on Bundar next the nsnal church collections tor this seolety should be made, and that there la greater reason that they should be fisneral thia year, at the society hat Increased its grant to £300, thcieby enabling the Council to mako a grant of £50 for stipend to tbe district of Brisbane Water for 1671. Tue treasurer's state- ment, now in the hands of members," will give, in detail, the varions particulars of receipts and expenditure of the fund» already mentioned, ai well as of other funds under the control of tbe council. In the summary of the receipts of the diocesan fond* (page 4 treasurer's statement) It it most encouraging to find that there is an Increase in every fund for 1873, as compared with that of 1872. On the amount contributed to the stipend luud there has been an increase of i .. ... ...£140 17 7 On that for tbe additional stipend fand of ... ... 8 6 0 On that for the general fand of ... ... ... 30 8 9 And on that for the 8. P. G. of .. <. SJ{ ,7, ¿ When it ia considered that this increase in all the diocesan fund* hat been made under some advene circumstances at regard* two of tbe parishes, viz , Jerry'* Plains and Murrurundi where new churches were in couru of erection, and both the incumbents died during the year; and when it It remembered aloo that' no extra call hat been made on dloeeun funds by the newly-formed. parish of Wickham, the Diocesan Council feels that the Churoh hat much cause of thankfulness to Almighty God for the luccet» accorded to the Clergy and the parochial Councils of the diocese. III Ibe business committed to it by Synod. ' ' ' At the last ecstlcm of Synod (tee late report, No. 165). a resolu- tion wat pasted,-"Thai the Diocesan Council bt Instructed to frame tuoh amendments in the rales of the Clergy Widowt and Orphan*1 Fund as may teem to them desirable, and, after giving the necessary notice, to lay them before Synod at its next sea« sion." . i J In compliance with this resolution, the Diocesan Connoil gave a careful consideration to this matter at its meetings in July and October, and canted the amendments agree! upon to be printed and circulated among members of Synod, early in Novembar. Notices of further amendments have been given by other mem bers of Synod, which «ere also circulated about the same time. The consideration of the proposed amendments of the Clergy WidowB and Orphtnt' Fund Huies now forms the only order of the day m the proceedings of the first day of tbo teflon. . n , - The Diocesan Council would remind members of Synod that betides the appointment of the varions officers and the nsutl committees, It will be requisite to elect fresh members ol the Diocesan Présentation Board and throe members of Synod to form a Board of Trastees under " The Church Property Trustee* Act of 1873," the election in both cates being mado by the oler» | and lay representative« voting oolleotivcly by ballot. ni Tho Council cannot conclude thit report without alluding to th» loss sustained by tho church in tho diocese by the deaths of two most esteemed and devoted clergymen-the Rev. T. H. Shaw1 bot July, and the Rev. W. I). R. Lewis in October. Both the»» olc-rgjnicn bad laboured zealously in their Master's cans*, and were In the prime or life when called away from their labours.' Tbe polisbet in which tncy ministered with auch acceptasse will long remember those laboura of lore performed during the «hprt period of their ministry. The vacancies in these parishes wera filled up bv othor'clergy mcn-ihat at Jerry's Plairt by the Bev. E Huband-Smilh"of Dungog; and that at Murrurundi by the Rev.'Jame* Ross, of the diocese of bjdney ; while the vacancy at Dungog waa filled by the Rev. J. J. Nash; formerly of Murrurundi. With this report of its proceeding*, the Council lays before Synod a short account of church work and financial and statistical returns of the various parishes, togetner with the treasurer's statement of accounts. ' ___-___-_,--M_-M-_---? - 