C AS TEH TON. (PBOJI OCR omi COBEESPOKDEXT.1 December 19. A new code of ethics iB being introduced into onr bhire Councils. Last board day -tenders were called for, for constructing thirty-eight cli»in« of road in thiB neighbour- hood, and ss is nsual with contractors for this Shire, after depositing their respective tenders in the box, mutual confidences were exchanged, and consequently the pricee for the work became known, or, at all events, ap proximately so. On Teesday last, prior to ascertaining the particulars of tenders, a secret meeting with closed doors was held, ostensibly with a view of investigating the financial position of toe Conncil, and before proceeding to let the work publicly ad rertised — although why the deplorable state of impe- cuuiosity existing was not discovered until toe eleventh hour is a mystery to ail acquainted with even toe rudiments of book-keeping. The Dr. and Cr. tides of even such a gigan tic institution as the Glenelg Shire Council, and the balance existing between tbe two, would not, I should imagine, require the services of mi actuary to determine. There was certainly some talk afterwards of strik ing an eighteenjienny rats; which propotition was strangled in its inception, and never had the ghost of a chance of bring carried. Xu fact, its rejection was a foregone oondu- rion, toe very proposer of toe motion bring apparently ashamed of his weakly bantling, and very much inclined to disown its pater nity. But that is neither here nor there. What I object to, and I believe any other man out of the Shire Conncil would object to, is the unbntioess-like aspect of toe question, in galling for tenders for contracts, receiving and rejecting the name witiiout say valid excuse — without attempting to make any other explanation than thai it should be ec; through and by virtue of their autocratic wills. Surely a body like this should endea vour at least to show some -senee of toe amenities of public life, some appreciation of the injustice toey have been tbe means of imposing npon others. Let -them either abide by their engagements, or have at least the common sense sod straightforwardness to refrain from making any— otherwise the pub lic annormoemente of the Shire will come to be looked upon as unreliable, and toe inevi table result will be that contractors will have to reimburse themselves in future estimates, for the present ISclies of an unbusinesslike The slaughter of the iminnenfa. fan com menced — toe bewitching daughters of Eve have added another scalp to their donntieaa tropbiee of human male spoil. To descend from hyperbole, I may mention tort a very fashionable wedding hae rejoiOEd the hearts - and eyes of the tight-loving sisterhood, for on Tuesday a regular 8k George's Hanover- square tnsteh was prooeeding, and 1 believe the right was equally enjoyed by the male : spectators, torn strongly reminding one of the celebrated Baying of the cynical Roche- fcucauld : "Thexera MwmUiingunt nupleas- , ing to us in the misfortunes iff our best friends." Six eamagee and pairs conveyed toe party Soto joy elate- from the adorned home of .thetoaow. «aaitfB<StaireMifbere toe nuptial knot was Becaroy -mvXA jj, Bar. Mr. Haafsriane. I had toot be ignm ; - -of seeing toe interesting eere- mocy performed, but mm (xsasdratoly l stertlBd to hear a salute of I -don't know jrow many gu as fired, as toe bridal processigawas j 4>n its way to Church.' Thc salnte wsagiveD on the spar of tbe moment; withont the solicitation of Sing Casey, and, I am thank ful to say, was ended withont accident, as judging fromihe rumbling reports, ! should imagine the weapons to be equally dangerous to tbe intrepid indidnals firing, as to the hy- etandera. The wedding party drove to Merino and faack and toe evening: passed was no donbt worthy of Loin); -remembered. There is a dearth of news so called this week. A squatter in this neighbourhood, pitying the empty literary larder iff "Fun Own," did promise to seod me a' detailed account of his' fleecy crop, bot he, alas ! is and isn't (excuse tbe paradox) a man of stable mind, sou the eqnioe contests in Hamilton have driven poor me from his remembrance. December TL An untoward accident occurred at Cara pook on Friday evening lash Mr. Johan Joachim Schnlz, of that place, had been taking out refreshments to the haymakers, on his son's form, and waa retaining in a dray. Coming down the hill , close to his son's place, toe deceased endeavoured to check the horse's pace, aad in so doing, and by endeavouring to swerve toe home round, the dray came in contact with the fence, and capsized. The deceased was thrown out violently, and lay under toe hoise'e shoulder until extricated by some men who saw the occurrence. The deceased, when rescued from his position, was quite insensible and bleeding profusely from the nostrils. He never recovered consciousness, and shortly afterwards expired. Mr. Schulz was sixty- three years of age, and a native of Haoover. He has left a widow and two sons, Messrs. Karl and Frederick Schnlz, who are pretty largely engaged in farming pursuits in Cara pook. An inquest was held by Coroner Sprigg, but it was of course of a purely formal nature, and a verdict in accordance with toe facts given above was recorded. The weather has been very changeable, but the harvest is in no way endangered. Active operations for garnering the bounties of Ceres are npon the eve of commencement. Mr. J. J. Barry, of toe Hamilton Post- office, has just arrived here, bring deputed, I suppose, by toe powers that be to take charge of the Casterton Post and Telegraph Office, daring the temporary absence (for three weeks) of our postmaster. It ie well that we are not for any great length of time to be deprived of our own postmaster, as, in that case, I think Casterton would rise as one man and protest sgainrt it ; bat; as it is, no one will object to iris enjoying Ids hard- earned holiday. A meeting, to disease the eight hoars' question, was held at Grant's Hotel, Cas- terton, on Saturday night last The meeting was well attended by toe class in whose interests toe meeting was called. Abont sixty working men were present, and toe proceedings were remarkably quiet, orderly, and business-like ; indeed, all of those pre sent seemed to be imbued with the idea that there was something more to be done than merely meeting and passing resolutions, which often io these oases are merely empty vapouriogs, full of sound and fruy, signifying nothing. Alter the Chairman, Mr. Bobt Melville, I had read tbe advertisement from the Banal. ton Spectator convening the meeting, he called upon Mr. James to explain its objects. Mr. James said that he had been naked repeatedly to call this meeting by many who did not like to take toe preliminary steps themselves. He had had a personal experi ence of toe injustice and disadvantages of the present system, and profened his services willingly and gratuitously in furtherance of the cause. After which the following business was transacted : — Proposed by Mr. W. £L Harrison, and seconded by Mr. Laird, that this meeting endorses and fully recognises the eight horns' system in connection with manual labour, and as especially applicable to road work and other kindred occupations not connected with agricultural pursuits. — Carried unanimously. Proposed by Mr. D. M'Mahon, seconded by Mr. Hamsou, that an association be formed, to be called tire " Casterton Eight Hours' Association." — Carried. Proposed hy Mr. H. James, seconded by Mr. A. Laird, that a nominal subscription of Is per quarter, commencing from toe 1st January, 1S75, be made and paid by all members. — Carried. Proposed by Mr. D- M'Mahon, seconded by Mr. J. Shad wick, tost a committee con sisting of five be composed of the following members, viz. : — Messrs. D. M'Mahon, W. H. Harrison, M. Crowe, Robt. Melville, and M. Spellane, with power to call meetings, and conduct the business of the association generally. — Carried. Proposed by Mr. D. M'Mahon, seconded by Mr. A. Dewar, that Mr. H. C. James be appointed Secretary to toe Association. — Carried. Proposed by Mr. J. Shad wick, seconded by Mr. Livock, that Mr. W. H. Harrison be appointed Treasurer pro torn . — Carried. Propoeed by Mr. M- Crowe, seconded by Mr. P. Ryan, that toe operation of the eight hoars' system shall commence on and after the 1st Jan nary; 1875, and that thiB meeting pledges itself to use every legitimate means to cany this resolution into force. — Carried unanimously. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. 