Literature, Science, &c.; TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET,: "HENRY DUNBAR," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author, MISS BRADDON.] CHAPTER LXVII.—"SINCE THERE'S NO HELP, COME LET US KISS AND PART." Edmund Standen went, back to his hotel after that last journey from Hat- field, and made all arrangements for start- ing by the Continental train next morning.trSnTxertniorning. He was going to Paris, and thence on to Marseilles, and possibly to Algiers. He went to seek forgetfulness among strange scenes, and a strange people, where not a feature of the landscape, not a word spoken near him, would recall the English home from which he was self-banished, or the hopes he had lost. He went into the reading-room after dinner, and turned over the day's news- paper, with but the faintest interest in anything he read in them, when some- thing happened which changed all his plans, and put that thought of a winter in Algiers out of his head for the present. The following brief advertisement ap- peared among various enigmatic appeals in the second column of the Times supple- ment—not the day's paper, but a two days' old supplement, as Edmund dis- covered afterwards, when he looked; at the date : — "The friends of a lady now lying seriously ill at the Pier Hotel, New- haven, are requested to communicate with the proprietress. The lady arrived by the afternoon train, from Lewes, on Thursday, September 10th, and has been suffering from fever and delirium ever Since. Her linen is marked S. P. She wears a large diamond cross, and has in her possession a morocco hand-bag, with patent lock, supposed to contain valu- ables." There could be no doubt as to the per- son indicated. It was half-past 7 o'clock when Edmund Standen read the adver- tisement. He was at the London Bridge Station at 8, and at a quarter-past was on his way to Newhaven. He had to wait upwards of an hour at Lewes, and it was 11 by the time he reached the end of his journey Here only disappointment and perplexity awaited him. The landlady had a strange story to tell him. She had sent the advertisement to the Times on the preceding Friday, by the advice of the medical man, who saw the possibility of the patient's fever develop- ing into typhus or typhoid. The land- lady had been terrified by the mere sug- gestion of such a thing, and was for re- moving the patient at once to the county hospital. This the doctor had pronounced im- possible. She was too ill to bear such a journey, and the most that could be done would be to remove her to some adjacent lodging, there to await communications from friends who might see the Times advertisement. This was done imme- diately, and it happened curiously that from the hour of removal the sufferer began to mend. She was calmer and the fever considerably reduced by Saturday night. On Sunday she was able to leave her bed. The next day the improvement was still more marked ; the patient was calm and sensible — opened her bag and produced a purse, from which she gave the doctor a £20-note for the landlady of the hotel, and a £10-note on account of his own services. On Monday evening the nurse who had charge of the patient ventured to leave her for a little while, in order to go into the village upon some errand. According to this woman's state- ment, she was only absent a quarter of an hour, but on her return the patient was gone. The nurse had left her dressed and lying on the sofa. Search was im- mediately made, but vainly. The time of the patient's disappearance was within a few minutes of the time at which the boat started for Dieppe, but nobody had thought of going to the pier, or suggested the idea of the patient having gone on board the steamer, till too late. When the same steamer returned to Newhaven it was ascertained that a lady dressed in black, answering to the descrip- tion of the nameless fever patient, had crossed on the last voyage to Dieppe. No one had remarked where she went, or whether she was met by any one on the arrival of the steamer. "I'm afraid the poor, dear young lady must be a little queer in her head," said the landlady with a sympathetic air — that twenty pound note had paid her very well for the beef tea and arrow- roots made for the invalid. "Dr Follcott says that she must have en- dangered her life by that foolish journey, for though she seemed to get round so quickly, she was as weak as a baby, and only keeping herself up by some inward excitement. She was just in the state for a relapse." "There is no boat till to-morrow, I suppose ?" said Mr. Standen. "No, sir ; not till to-morrow morning at ten." "Then I shall cross by that boat. Dieppe is not a large place. It will go hard with me if I do Dot find this lady." If the landlady expected some en- lightenment as to the circumstances of her nameless guest, she was doomed to disappointment. Mr. Standen thanked her for her care of the helpless traveller, but told her nothing. He called on the local surgeon next morning, and heard his opinion of the case. It was not cheering. Edmund Standen was in Dieppe before dark that evening, going quietly from place to place, enquiring for the fugitive. After two hours diligent search he found her at a third rate hotel in the town, in a small room on the fourth story, paved with red tiles. She was lying on a narrow bed in a low alcove, with a Sister of Mercy sitting on a rush- bottomed chair by the bedside, counting her beads, and whispering prayers, while the patient lay in a slumber that seemed more restless than the most unquiet wakefulness. Sylvia had struggled hard to go on—I on she knew not whither—to Paris, or anywhere—but had broken down at the Dieppe railway station, where she found herself hardly able to stand. She tottered to the waiting-room, and here was seen by the good. Sister of Mercy, who, find- ing her helpless sad friendless, took her in charge, put her into a ??? car- riage, and had her conveyed to the hotel where she was now lying. Before nightfall the fever was again at its height, and the dreadful typhoid speedily declared itself. The Dieppe doctor ordered cooling drinks, bled the patient two or thee times, exercised all his skill for the one great end of reducing the system. In this he succeeded to admiration, and the patient, thus robbed of forces which might have fought the disease, had succumbed to the fever. One look at that wasted face—those glassy eyes which opened and looked at him without recognition—told Edmund Standen that the end was inevitable. How near or how distant that end might be he knew not. He telegraphed to London for the famous Dr. Crow, reckless of the sacrifice of the doctor's time and his own money, feeling very sure that iot was too late for any good to be done by the wisest physician upon earth, but anxious to do the uttermost for this wreck of humanity which had once been his idol. The great doctor telegraphed a prompt reply. It was impossible, for him to come to Dieppe, but he would send Dr. Daw, a star of secondary magnitude in the medical world. For Dr. Daw's arrival Mr. Standen waited patiently, but not hopefully. He shared the Sister's watch beside that sick bed, his hand held the cup of cooling drink to those parched lips, heedless of what poison might lurk in the burning breath that seemed almost to sear his face as he bent over the sufferer. How changed she was—that lovely Sylvia, whose beauty had been so fatal a gift. The red-gold hair had been shorn close to the small head by the nurse's1 scissors—the once oval cheek was now hollowed and cavernous, the jaw square and bony, and those eyes—lamps of splendor—were now dull and lightless. Could there be keener agony than to mark such decay, and to remember how';TO)^: ; he had loved her, and to feel that he loved her still, that she was dear to him in her misery, dear to him despite her guilt ? Once during the long hours of his watch the sufferer awakened suddenly from a sleep that had been somewhat quieter than that restless doze in which she was wont to lie. The dark eyes were slowly turned towards him, and gazed at him with the gradual dawn of recognition. The words that followed denoted that although Sylvia knew her lover she had no consciousness of late events or the place where she was. "I thought you wiuldn't leave me, Edmund, just before our wedding," she said in her feeble tremulous voice. "But you've been away so long, and I have been lying here with that dark woman watching me, that woman over, there in the black gown. Why don't you send her away ? You know, that I detest black. I wore mourning so long for Sir Aubrey ; but that is all over now, and my wedding dress is ready. I showed it you, didn't I, Edmund ? Such lovely pointlace—fit for a duchess, but not too good for your wife. I want to look my best on that day. What have they done with my hair ?" she cried, passing her thin fingers over her head with a weak uncertain movement. "They haven't cut it off, have they ? They couldn't be so cruel as that. I was always praised for my hair, although some of the Hedingham girls called it red. It is all gone. Am I in prison Edmund, for some dreadful crime ? Could they put me in prison for that !" There were fitful pauses between these broken sentences, and many of the words were imperfect and indistinct ; only the keen ear of affection could have inter- preted those rambling utterances of half consciousness. Edmund soothed and comforted, the sufferer—murmured words of hope—spoke of another world—that world whose mystic gate stood ajar. Vain effort ; the shallow, worldly mind was still given to earthly things — had neither care nor hope beyond earth. "Is to-day our wedding day; Ed- mund ?" she asked. "Don't deceive me. I am not too ill to go to the church. Let me get up and get dressed. Where is Celine ? Send that dark woman away, and bring me Celine. I know my wed- ding dress has come home. Why do you turn from me like that, Edmund, and hide your face with your hands ? There is no one who can prevent our marriage. Sir Aubrey is safe." Then followed long intervals of silence, and then wandering words that had no meaning even for Edmund's attentive ear. He watched beside that bed day and night, while the patient Sister of Mercy sat in a corner behind the bed curtain, where Sylvia could not see her, and prepared the medicines and fever drinks, and directed Mr. Standen's mi- nistrations, and prayed with all the fervor of her simple soul for the fading sinner. Dr. Daw came, but could do nothing except pronounce that the Dieppe surgeon had been altogether, at fault, and pre- scribe a new mode of treatment, which had it been adopted earlier, might have saved the patient, but which could now only prolongs life, and lengthen the weariness of dying. The life thus protracted, watched with unremitting care, lasted three or four days after Dr. Daw's visit, and then, in the quiet midnight, the tired sufferer slipped almost unawares into the un- discovered country. Love watched the last breath, religion knelt by the bed, and thus the worldly soul wont forth from the region of human pity and affec- tion into the awful, solitude beyond, whither no human imagination dared follow it. Once, very near the end, there came a gleam of light. The lips which had been voiceless for many long hours moved faintly, and Edmund, leaning down, to catch the feeble whisper heard Sylvia's last words, "Kiss me once again before I go — as you kissed me in the churchyard — before I betrayed you." Living and dying lips met in the last kiss of a love that had been fatal. — — — CHAPTER LXVIII.—LOVE IS ENOUGH. Sylvia Perriam had been laid in her foreign grave, and Edmund Standen had gone on to Marseilles before he began to of his devotion to the dying sinner. On the day of his arrival at the southern sea- port the grip of this fever fiend fastened on him, limbs aching, head burning, fits of heat and cold, anguish shiverings. He sent for the best English doctor in Mar- seilles, and told him what he had been doing, and that he was in for a fever. The doctor tried to make light of these apprehensions, yet confessed that Mar- seilles was not the safest place a man who had the fever poison in his system could come to. "Is there any one you would like me to write to in the event of your getting worse ?' he asked kindly. "I don't ap- apprehend such a thing, but its (sic) always wise to be equal to either fortune, as Shaks- peare puts it. "You are very good ; yes, if the worst should come I don't wish to die quite alone in a strange country. I'll give you my mother's address. When you see danger, telegraph to her but on no ac- count before there is danger. She is no traveller, and the journey to Marseilles will be a formidable one for her." The doctor promised to obey. Before the week was ended he saw sufficient peril to justify his sending the telegram to Dean House ; a carefully worded tele- gram, cautioning Mrs. Standen against any undue fear. "I have not waited for the worst," said the message, "but obey your son— who told me to summon you directly the case appeared serious. The case is serious, but by no means desperate. Come, and do not fear. Within an hour of her receipt of that message Mrs. Standen was on her way to London—^not alone. A faithful friend and companion accompanied her, and sustained her with words of hope, earnest words breathed from a heart, that faith had armed against calamity. Edmund's struggle for life was severe and protracted. His awaking from the long night of delirium was sweet, for in nurse who watched beside his pillow he recognised the mother whose kind face had bent over his cot years ago in the Dean House nursery. "I have known you all the time, mother." That was his first rational sen- tence. And, indeed there had run through the tangled skein of his delirious dreams that one familiar thread, bright, and clear, through all. He had known that his mother watched him, he had known the hand that had given him his medicines, that administered the food he loathed, with tender insistence. "But there was someone else, wasn't there, mother ?" he asked, before that first day of convalescence was over. "I seem to have two nurses." "You have been carefully nursed, Edmund," replied Mrs. Standen, eva- sively. "I am sure of that. But who was the other nurse ? A Sister of Mercy, per- haps." "Yes, Edmund, a sister of mercy." "Has she gone away ?" "Yes, she left last night." "Curious. I should like to have seen her face now that I recovered my wits, and to have thanked her." "I have thanked her for you, Edmund." "Well, I suppose that will do. I have you with me, mother— that is enough. Do you remember that letter in which you told me that you had done with me—that I was no longer your son ?" "Never speak of that dreadful time, Edmund. You see what a mother's anger means. In your hour of danger she is by your side. Oh, my dear son, I thank God that your heart, was not quite turned from me. You told the doctor to send for me. You could not die without forgiving me." "Forgiving you. mother ? Am I not the offender ?" "No, Edmund, no. I had no right to be so angry with you. There should be no limit to a mother's forbearance." "But I tried your patience too much by my folly. It is all over now," with a sigh, "I shall never need your forbear- ance again that way." Two or three days after, when the invalid was able to sit up, propped by pillows, Mrs Standen and her son began to talk of the future. It was Ed- mund who started the subject. The mother would have feared to touch upon any question that might pain her son, newly snatched from the jaws of death. "Shall you want me to go back to Dean House yet' awhile, mother ?" he asked dutifully. "I mean to obey you in all things henceforward. I, have no one else to live for, no one else to think of. You are all the world to me again — the one perfect woman in the world — as you used to be when I was a boy." "Would you like to go back, Ed- mund ?" He shuddered at the question. "Honestly, no, mother. The old scenes would be hateful. But I don't want to be separated from you, and yet it seems a hard thing to ask such a home- loving mother as you, to join my wander- ings." "I can have no home without you, Edmund, I am ready to go with you wherever you like. I am a sturdy old woman, you know, and shall not give you much trouble with ill health, or vapors, or anything of that kind ; and, little as; I have travelled, I don't think I shall make a very bad traveller, if I can only get acquainted to the sea," added Mrs. Standen, with a wry face. "You dear lion-hearted mother, I will take care that our wanderings are made easy for you. I did not think of wintering in Algiers—a splendid climate, interest- ing scenery." Mrs. Standen shivered in- voluntarily. "But if you will be my companion I'll abandon all idea of Africa." Mrs. Standen breathed more freely. Africa to her mind mean wastes of torrid sand, and grim yelping blacka- moors dancing round the helpless tra- veller, a circle of ferocious murderers. "What would you say to our wintering in Rome or Florence ?" Mrs. Standen brightened visibly, and kissed her son's wasted hand. ''I think I should like Florence best, dear," she said, "I've heard there are plenty of nice English people there." "Yes," answered Edmund, "and when English people travel their chief delight seems to be to meet with other English people. They would like the Continent extremely well if they could extinguish the natives and convert the more agree- able half of Europe into one large Brighton." Edmund's convalescence was rapid, a fact which the doctor attributed to Mrs. Standen's nursing even more than to his own skill. As soon as he was strong enough to bear the journey, mother and son, went to Nice. Thence, after a fortnight's sojourn, to Geneva, and thence, late in November, to Florence. That tranquil close of the declining year was a time of sorrowful thoughts for Edmund, but not of despair. All his old boyish love for his mother came back to him in their reunion. He was pleased with her delight in the scenes they beheld together ; pleased by her keen interest in simple things, and all those glimpses of village life and unsophisticated nature which their travels afforded them. Neither spoke of the past, or speculated upon the future. For the mother the sweetness of the pre- sent was sufficient. She had her son once more hers, and hers only, and she was content to leave the future to Providence. "I will never try to rule his life again," she thought ; "I was too anxious that he should marry Esther, and see what came of it. Misery for both of them. It is enough for me to have him for my own once again, and to be sure of his affection. The happiness I desire for him will come sooner or later." — — — CHAPTER LXIX.—FIVE YEARS LATER. Five years are gone since Edmund Standen and his mother wintered in Florence, and Sir Aubrey still reigns at Perriam, no longer the helpless, paralytic old man, who could only creep about between the sustaining arms of nurse and valet, but a hale old gentleman, who rides a quiet cob, vice the spirited Splinter, round the home farm three or four days a week, while his chubby six- year-old son accompanies him on a fat Exmoor pony. This wonderful restoration is more or less Shadrach Bain's achievement. It was Mr. Bain who heard of the mud- baths in Germany ; Mr. Bain who ac- companied Sir Aubrey to the place of those baths ; Mr. Bain who was the moving spirit of Sir Aubrey's cure. Ger- man physicians, German mud, and German water were but secondary agents. Mr. Bain's energy was the motive power that set the machinery going. Some trace of the old weakness on the left side still remains, but despite of this, in mind and body the baronet has become a new man. It is just possible that his delight in watching his son's growth from infancy to childhood, his deep pride in the thought that a son of his will inherit Perriam, and maintain the good old Tory traditions of the place, may have helped the German doctors to work their cure. Perhaps Sir Aubrey Perriam, in this Indian summer of his age, enjoys as near an approach to perfect happiness as heaven ever grants to humanity. One bitter memory hangs like a distant thun- der cloud above the horizon of his life, but he is wise enough to shut his eyes to that cloud for the most part, and it is not often the dark hour comes upon him — that gloomy hour when those who know him best know that he is thinking of his wicked wife. His boy is the pride and pleasure of his days. Already he has engaged a tutor — an Oxford Master of Arts — to train that tender plant, so that its earliest shoots may be wisely directed. He cannot en- dure the thought of public schools, and football matches, and it is to be feared that the youthful St. John, brought up at Perriam Place in the care of a private tutor, will be deficient in that athleticism, which is the one virtue modern society copies from the Spartans. The father watches his boy with almost maternal tenderness, and is miserable on those winter mornings when St. John trots away on his Exmoor pony to see the hounds throw off, under his tutor's wing. The tutor is anxious the boy should be manly, and the father ap- proves the tutor's desire ; yet would fain guard his treasure as carefully as a miser cherishes an unset diamond, a gem of liquid light, which may slip through his fingers unawares while he gloats over his treasure. The county has never quite understood how the brother who was supposed to be dead has come to life again. It is one of those dark pages of family history, which must for ever remain mys- terious. But the county has not the slightest doubt as to the one fact that this is the real Sir Aubrey. Happily the baronet has grown almost his own self since the renovating process of the German baths. He dresses as carefully as of old, and but for an elderly stoop in the shoulders, looks almost as young a man as the Sir Aubrey who honored Hedingham school feast with his illus- trious presence seven years ago. Mr: Bain basks in the sunlight of his master's favor, and grows more prospe- rous every year, always winding his way deeper and wider into the soil of Monk- hamptori, till half the houses in the prosperous town own Shadrach Bain as ground landlord. His elder daughters have married well— his sons are an honor to him; Pawker serves his father with zeal that knows not weariness, and the younger grammar-schoolboys bring home handsomely bound volumes as prizes — such novelties in literature as the poetic works of Milton, Cowper, and Thomson, to adorn the rosewood loo table in the family drawing-room. Altogether Mr. Bain is a man who seems to have profited more than his fellows by the blindness of fortune. Yet, sometimes, even in the midst of his prosperity, he thinks with a regretful sigh of that lordly pleasure-house, which he once built for his soul— that airy edi- fice of his day dreams — which he hoped to see realised in substantial brick and mortar. He remembers how near he had seemed to victory, and how utterly he failed ; how his wisdom had been but foolishness beside a woman s cunning. "Things turned out well for me, how- ever, after all," he reflects, after that survey of the one failure that has dis- figured his successful life — a failure only known to himself and the dead. "I am in a better position than I ever was in be- fore with Sir Aubrey. My income, in- creases every year. I don't see how any man can ask more than that from Provi- vidence. And if I dared to buy myself an estate, and call myself Squire, I'm rich enough to do it." — — — CHAPTER LXX.— — —THE PURPLE LIGHT OF LOVE. while poor Sir Aubery Perriam's exis- tence drifts by in a repose almost as tran- quil as that of the lotus eaters on their sunlit isle, life has serious duties and re-- sponsibilities for Mr. Standen. Conserva- tive member for Monkhampton, a rising young politician of the new school. Edmund Standen has not returned to the Bank. At his mother's request he has abandoned that commercial career which served to occupy a mind too active to endure idleness. He has found another and a higher vocation in the House of Commons, where he comes out sharply upon financial questions, and perplexes honorable gentlemen whose weak side is arithmetic by searching questions and rapid calculations. He is great on taxa- tion, and ever ready to assort the wrongs of those shorn lambs of the Legislature, those helpless sufferers from the burden of the income tax, whose greatest mis- fortune is to have half a million, or so amenable to assessment. Mr. Standen has a small house in one of the nice old-fashioned streets near Berkeley-square, where his wife is at home every Thursday, evening, to some of the pleasantest and cleverest people in Lon- don, and where Mr. Standen and two or three chosen friends sometimes seek relief after a dull evening in the House, at a bright little supper table in the cosy dining-room, and discuss the blunders and general idiocy of friends and foes over a lobster salad and a bottle of Madeira. Yes, Edmund is happy. That union of which Mrs. Standen dreamed years ago, when her son was a school boy, had come to pass after all, and Edmund is as completely devoted to his true wife Esther, as if the fatal attachment which over- shadowed his youth were no more than the memory of a dream. Two years of foreign travel, and much hard study in the tranquil pauses of his wanderings, served to lay the ghost of that buried love. He came back to England heart free, and brought with him a treatise o finance, which, has won him some renown as a political economist, and helped him to acquire a position in the House of Com- mons. During those two years of exile Ed- mund and Esther never met. Miss Roch- dale remained at Dean House, the ruling spirit of order in that model household, quietly doing her duty, visiting the sick, feeding the poor, educating Mrs. Sar- gent's children, who adore her, joining in the small festivities of the neighborhood, and uttering no complaint against a life which must have been somewhat joyless and monotonous. Throughout that period of absence Edmund had rarely heard the name of Esther, so carefully did his mother avoid any allusion to her adopted daughter. Only when he ventured to en- quire if Miss Rochdale were well and happy was the name spoken that had once been so familiar. On his first visit to Dean House after his return from the Continent Mr. Stan- den looked round for Esther, and missed her. He was told that she had gone to Wexmouth with the children ; Mrs. Sar- gent having been afraid the sea air would be too strong for her. "The sea always gives me my nervous headache, you know, Edmund," said Ellen, apologetically. "So dear Essie was kind enough to take the children." "She was always kind," replied Ed- mund moodily. It vexed him to think that Esther had run away in order to avoid meeting him. That visit to Wexmouth could only have been a pretext. One week in September would do as well, as another for the children's sea-side trip— and why choose the week of his return unless she really wished to avoid him ? "Have I made myself so detestable that she cannot endure the sight of me, even after all I have suffered ?" thought Mr. Standen. "She used to be so full of pity, especially for wrong-doers." There was one question which he wanted to ask Esther. A question that had been in his mind, more or less, ever since his illness at Marseilles. A ques- tion which he could only ask when they two were face to face. The thought of this question, worried him a good deal during the first day or two at Dean House. It took such a hold upon his mind that after three days of that tranquil home life— after having ad- mired all Miss Rochdale's small improve- ments in poultry-yard ; dairy, and green- houses, the new fernery at the end of the shrubbery, and a dozen other evidences of taste and industry which testified to the care of the gentle home-goddess— Edmund's patience would endure no longer, and he startled his mother on the fourth morning by announcing that he was going to Wexmouth, to see Esther and the children. "Those scraps of humanity must have grown out of all knowledge in the last two years," he said, artfully insinuating thereby that his chief anxiety was to see his small nephew and nieces. "Georgie is growing a fine boy, Edmund, said his sister proudly, "and do like his dear papa. He has the Sar- gent nose." "A fine prominent beak. Looks as if it was made on purpose, for a barrister's wig," replied Mr. Standen irreverently. He was off to Wexmouth by a little branch line from Monkhampton before noon, and arrived at that tranquil and retired watering-place at one o'clock. Wexmouth is not extensive, and instead of going to Miss Rochdale's lodgings on Lighthouse Hill, Edmund strolled along the beach, taking his chance of finding her among the idlers who were scattered in groups here and there, upon the strip of alternate sand and shingle between the blue water and the sea wall. The tide was out, and the juvenile patrons of Wex- mouth were having a good time with their pails and spades. No one would stay in-doors on such a day as this, Edmund thought—the sky one cloudless blue, the sea a sunlit lake. He went on to the utmost limit of Wex- mouth, feeling very sure he should find Esther by and by. Yes, there she was. A lonely little figure seated in the shadow of an old fishing boat, reading. He knew her ever so far away. The small graceful form ; the Esther he had one so narrowly es- caped loving with all his heart. Too late to love her now. ; a gentle and unsel- fish as she was, he could hardly ask her to accept a love which would seem at best remorse. The children were paddling, and splashing, and making themselves gritty at the edge of the water, some distance from Esther. Instead of rushing straight to these small people, to see if they had grown out of knowledge, and if Georgie really had the Sargent nose, this trai- torous uncle never so much as looked at those amphibious revellers, but walk to the boat, and quietly seated himself about a half a yard from Esther. She did not even look up from from her book. The shelter of the boat was public property. Yet it was uncomfortable to have a stranger seated so near, and in a few minutes Esther rose to join the children, whose sports were becoming more and more watery. A hand gently detained her. The stranger had risen too, and had laid his hand upon her arm. "Esther, why are you so determined to run away from me ?" he asked quietly. She turned and confronted her false lover, very pale. There was no anger in the sweet face, only a look of shocked surprise. "Sit down again, Esther, and let us talk quietly for a few minutes. Friend —sister, will you refuse me so small a favor ?" That appeal touched her. She obeyed him without a word, and they seated themselves side by side under the shadow of the boat. Edmund was slow to speak— so slow that the silence became a little awkward, and Esther felt herself obliged to say something. What brought you to Wexmouth, Edmund ?" she asked carelessly. "I hope Ellen isn't anxious about the children." "Ellen knows the children are safer in your keeping than in hers, Essie." The old pet name fluttered that steadfast heart a little. I came here on my own account. Do you know that for the last two years I have been tormenting myself with one particular question." "Indeed. It ought to be a very im- portant question." "It is to me a question of life or death. When I was ill at Marseilles, Esther, I had two nurses. My mother was one. I knew her even at the worst. But the other ! I used to fancy that her presence was but a dream. It was not a dream, was it Essie ? There was a second nurse, who watched me night and day, and wept many tears for my sake. Who was that faithful nurse, Esther ? I want you to tell me. Dare I believe that the one noble-hearted woman I had most deeply wronged came to me— out of the bene- volence of her heart— — —in my time of danger ?" "Not out of benevolence, Edmund," said Esther. "It could not have been for love to me she came. Oh, Esther," cried Edmund Standen, seizing the girl's two hands, drawing her towards him, looking at her with eyes that shone with love and hope, "if you can but say that it was you will make me happier then I ever dreamed I could be. Love, my love, truly loved at last, tell me that I have not outworn your patience, not quite ex- hausted your regard." Tears were his only answer. An all sufficient answer, it would seem, for in the silver moonlight of that September evening two happy lovers. walked upon Wexmouth's shingly shore and talked of the future. The future, came, and did not belie their hopes. When Autumn's first glory. gilds the woods, sober old Dean House wakes up to a new life; with the arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Standen, their babies and nurses, their friends and followers. The old monotony of that orderly, house- hold is pleasantly broken, and the dowager Mrs. Standen finds life full of new in- terests. She is proud of her son's suc- cess as a public man, and amongst the choicest treasures in her sandalwood desk cherishes the reports of his speeches, which Esther has cut put of the Times send to "grandmama." Ellen Sargent looks on placidly at her brother's happiness— while Georgie and the two girls pet and patronise their baby cousins— and only murmurs now and then, with a gentle sigh, "What an interest poor dear George would have felt in Ed- mund's parliamentary career. Thus the peaceful domestic life .flows on— happy, and not unuseful—not that empty unprofitable life which Goethe has called worse than an early death. THE END. 