S OURIOSITIES OF POLhOE. " From thp London Daily Tdelgraph.) I .ii stated by the biographerd of Schill6r thlroitoe of the laist literary projects'.of the :illustrious Gdrmadi poet was to write a ishi. tory of the French police. The lo.authdr of the -Robbore held, doubltless, the doctrine tlihat 'truih is stranger than ftiotio; and he ';faunied, perhaps, that in the records of the ."Pris prdfeoture lhe would light upon many storiees of human crime more striking than Itlhat of.his own Karl Moor. He did not live to accomplish his task; nor, had lihe commenced it, could its pursuit have boon Sdevoid of owell-nigh insuperable diflicultios. The archives of tihe Rue de Jdrusalom have never been submitted to the inquisitive eyes of strange scholars. Not even the police Srecords of far distant days-such, for ex ample, as those of the reign of Louis XV, the publication of which could not be in any way detrimental to state policy in our own age-have ever beeoon allowed to see the light; and a multitude of secrets, the roeveo lation of which might clear up all the dark mysteries of the Pare aux Cerfs, the attempt of Dammisoes, and the expulsion of the Jensuits, remain hidden in the dim obscurity of the ofliriil .carnets and paperasses. It was during thie Reign of Terror that Schliller meditated the oomposition of his history; mnd it is curious to gather from the more fact of his projdeting such a work at such a time that, even at a period when most things, political L and social, in France, had fallen into a state of chaos-whlen royalty was dead and roli Sgion suppressed, and r.nuk obliterated, and family bonds loosened-the police yet hold its own as a compact and hlomogenoons organisation. "Were I lieutenant of police," once remarked Louis XVI, driving along the boulevards, "I would not allow two wheeled cabriolets in the streeoots of Paris." This naive observation of a then dospotic monarch amounted to a tacit admission on his part that there was a power behind the throne, beyond its ken, and independent of its sway-a power occult, intangible, but terrible. Still the extent and scope of that power could only be measured by imagina tion or by speculation. Vhat could Sclillor actually have discovered about the French police save that its arm was long, and that its baleful breath and icy grip wore felt everywhere? It lhas never taken off its mask. It hlas never comointo the open. In our own Newgate calendar the painter of manners can find abundant materials for composing life-like prtraits of the thioef takers of thIe time of George I, of the 3Bow street runners of the time of George III and IV; but there is scarcely anything in the great French criminal chronicle, the Canusen Cdlbree of Gayot do Pitaval, that throws a light upon the charactoriotics of the anon cltards and arqousins of bygone times. We read all about OCartouceho and andrin, but we learn nothing about how Cartoucho was tracked and landtril detecteul. And, as it was in the past, so is it in the present. In the most exhasntive shorthanid report of a criminal trial in the Gazetto does Tribunaux, the police agent, rwhol hIo is oxamined as a witness, only swnops across tie page in a phantom-like manner. Ho comnies like a SIhadow, maid sos departs. '1 NI)nIs avOtis d'on ce monsieur rohlivo," observed tihe publio prosecutor, polttishly, once at a trial , : ?'..: , under the Second Empire, when a young counsel expressed some curiosity as to the enteoodonts of a notorious police spy, called Lucin do la Hoddo. It was from the Iluo do Jirusalomn that " lo monsieur" had come, and thoro nwas no use in discussing his bo longings. Those who were present at the trial of Piorr 3 B naparto at Tours will ro nuombeor the ghostly prosonce of a number of shady.mon in shabby clothes, who slipped furtively into court through side- doors, and lay pordu in the shadow of the gendarmros' cocked hats, arnd coughed mysteriously Ie hind their hands as they gave iskligs of evidence on which the defeonco did not care, and the prosecution did not dare, to cross examine thiom. They asumed strange aliases; they deoRecribd themselves as arclii tects, hoiarnes d'o4iires, commission agents, rentiers ; but from the judge on tilhe bench to the /uissieu who criodl silence, everybody kne v that these misty personages " rolevai ent do la police." Thus it has always booen. IIonord do Balzao andt Victor Hugo have striven to fix the fleeting lineaments of the mouaclurds on thIe camera-planeo of fiction; but the photographa are shadowy and bilurred. Some ex-dotectives, even, have professed to make a clean breast of it; and within the last generation thie iworld has Ieen favoured with thie memoirs of tihe French Jonathan Wild and the FProneh Townslhoned- Vidocq and Oanlor. It is im possible, Ihowever, in reoadlirng those works, to avoid thie impression that, of what they really knowr, those gentlemen kept tie bioeat part back, while they compensated for their reticence by tolling an enormous quantity of fibs. Perhaps they could not reveal tihe secrets of thie police, even if they would. In the Gommarium A.nuluarium, of Licitns, there is a Irorrifying engraving of the winged monster of iniquity, with Ir her beautiful im passible fieo and stony eyes, tearing a naked trembling wretch to pieces, lnd with this in scription, " infolix divinator a Sphingo oc cious." Perchance it would be those wIoe dared to solveo her riddles and to mlaket pub lic their solution that the sphinx of the Rue do Jeorusalom would turn upon and rend. Very and most refreshingly different is tihe fair, open, and above- board system adopted by Scotland-yard; and a striking illustration of this system of frankness is given in the report of the commissioner of the policd for the metropolis, of which an abstract was recently given in thrse columns. In this interesting and admirably-digested docu ment, not only Colonel Ilenderson, bit his district and divisional superintendents, wear their hearts upon their sleeves. Captain Baynos has nothiing to keep back; Superin tendonts Walkter and iMott tell the public all that they should wish to know; and Superintendent Williamson is amiably con fidential as to the constitution and attributes of the detective force. It is enough to make thIe ghost of Monsieour Loanoir rise in wrath, and to disturb thie spirits of Frouchdi and Anglds, to find Mr. Williamson stating, with calm candour, that 1074 cases were submitted to hIris department for inquiry during the year 1875 ; that, during thie same period, 138 persons were arrested by the Scotland-yard detectives: a slight increase in the work of thIe oflice having arisen frorm the augmentation of extradition treaties with foreign conntrios; but that, even under tihoso cirernmatances, only fourteen prisoners have been delivered up to continental justice. Eonglhnd. hIae beeri called a re.fugilmpecca torumra, and London that "commuon sewer'df Paris and of Romo;" yet, at-present it is with .extreme diierulty tthat a notorious foreign criminal, not being a :plitio1l refugee, dan elude the grasp of the Errglish detective, if, his rendition be demanded by tthe, country to. whlichr the culprit belongs. There Were in 1873 thlree cases of extradi tion in thIe case of Frenohmen; five Belgians and three Germans were given up to their respective governments; and one offender was claimed by tie Dominion of Canada. Among native criminals, the forgers, of lwhom there were twenty-one, the swindlers, of whom thloro were twenty, and thire aInrcen ous servants, numbering twenty-three, con stituted the majority. Trhere wore only five fraudulent bankrupts, and nine persons ao cased of embezzlement, arrested by tihe detective force; but it must not be too hastily assmoed thatr fraud is only very faintly exist ent in our vast commercial commurity. Colonel Frazer and the detectives of the Old Jewry and the Miansion House might have something very pregnant to say about fraudulent bankruptoy and embezzle. ment in tIhe .city. Three rascals of tile class for whom Mi-. Collete arnd the Sosiety fobr rther Suppre.nsion if Vice keep sinch a biarp look out were taken into ctstad3, anti ten re ceivers of stolen goods gotinto triouble. XVe should Inhave boon better pIleaseid tolearn thut a .lrmdred of these lasi-named incurable vii lains, thie real founts and origins of r6bbery in: London, had breen drawn into the'mesrhesof thie detective net. In thIe purosuit of thoir duties dot ctive officers hlid to be despatched to Lisbnn, to New York, to Vienna, to HIam burg, to Cairni, and to Paris. In tlie provinces, fromt Barnstple to Edinburgli, randl from BIrighlton to Berkrley, thie detective force rwas, of ooursp, urhiquitous. 'h'Iy were at all drawing-rooms, levees, and race-meetings. They Ikept a very keen eye indeed in tire doings of thire Shah, during wlioos stay all ranks of thie detectives weore employed nearly all dclay antI night. Th'ie diamonds if " the successor of Darius " had, pernhaps, something to do with tile exceptional nativity of the force dtlring hIis sojourn. The death and flineral of the Emperor Napoleona Ill likeviss put tirhe detective department on its very sharpest mettle. In another section of thile supplemontary reports, it is computed that 18,000 persons passed in single file before the coflin of dead Crosar at Chislohurst, and that as many more were unable tod obtain admission to Camden HTlouse. The gathering on the lay of the funeral was also literally tremoendous. Insults to the hoearseo on the part of cornm munists had, in someo quarters, boon appre hended; but happily, to use police parlance, " all passed off woll." In the report of Suporintondeont Mott, following that of Superintendent WVilliamson, we find a curioas entry, to the oeffect tlhat toloegraphic com munication beotween ]uctringham Palaco and the station in King-streot, Weustminstoer, although long inceo approved of, ihas not yet been adopted. Turning to tlhe 13, or We't minstor division, we find Superintltonden?t Hayes stating that moren tihan a mnillion of people visited the South K.OInsington use115uml in the course of tho year, and that " although perhaps the majority of this great number was composed of the working-classee, no damage, disorderly conduct, or laroonios took place. Nearly half-a-million of people went to the international exhibition, and behaved themselves equally well. Tile drop of hyssop in the cheering winocup is that the roughs, about whoso outrages we hear so manch, won't go to museums and exhibitions. T'heoy only occasionally patroniso tile Thaames oe bankment, becauso that magnificont quay, unwieoly deprived of shops and kiosques and book aind print stalls, like those which make the quays of Paris cheoorfui and eharming, is virtually abandoned and desolate. From the C, or St. James's division, the locale of the Haymarket, of unsavoury fame, Super intendent Dunlop has tidings of a mingled nature to communicate. Tile larcenies in thie street and in houses are painfully pro valent, and will continue, opines Mr. Dun lop, to be so " while one portion of the division is infosted by unlortunates of almost every European nationality, and the west endl is occupied by the mansions of the nobility and gentry." Again, the chief of the 0 division is com pelledl to censure the oxtraordinary careless ness of occupiers and servants in securing their promises, thus giving ready means of ingress to thieves. No loss than eight hundred and oighty-six instances are noted of doors, windows, or area-gratings loft open or insecure; and in seventy-two cases keys were left in doors. How many of those wore latch- ltokeys relinquished by inebriate gentleo men who came home lateo, and whno, perhaps, carefillly put out their boots on the doorstop bheftre retiring to rest, the superintendent does not specify. Wheln he comes to report on the few night-houses which still linger in the purlieus of Peuton-street and Jormyn street Mr. Dnnlop becomes quite didactic. " Thn houses themselves," ihe observes, " are in a nmost wrotcled condition; and it is certainly a subject for wonder that any person can be tempted to enter them. But there appears to be a filscination about those places which leads persons ,f a position in society to visit them who would never do so if they would give tile subject a moment's serious reflection, and consider the result to themselves if their friends and relations were cognisant of their conduct." WVe are afraid that the misguided profligates who have a penchant for drinklting spurions champagne and vitriolisedl spirits, at extortionate prices, at three in the morning, are not much given to reflect on what might be the result if their friends and relations were made cognisant of their conduct. In hunting up thie few re maining night-house keepers tIhe police of the O division had to endure " many insult ing expressions," but they were unswverving in good temper and forbearance; and in one instance only-that of a person " in a good position "-was it necessary to arrest any body for obstruction of the police in the execution of their duty. Thie person "in a good position," being deaf to all remon strance, was lookred uip, and the next morn ing was clhargled before a magistrate, and fined forty shillings. Mr. Draper, superin tendent of the D, or Marylebone Division, itrongly denounces thie penny ice and coffee shops, which, being licensed under the Re freshment Houses Act, keeop open until one a.m. According to Mr. Draper, the topers who have been turned out of the publlic houses at midnight spend another hour in the ice and coffee shops, to the lamentable promotion of street brawls. Open air coffee stalls, too, the superintendent thinks, should be prohibited between the hours of midnight and four a.m. "They are simply common nuieances," Ihe says. But nuisances to whom? And what would the night-cabmen, the market-gardeners, tile graziers, and tihe wrtelned night wanderers do without this poor privilege of refroshmont during the small hours? Mr. Draper has, on the whole, peculiar notions. There is much diflioulty, he incidentally remarks, in selecting men for promotion to the rank of sergeants, not because good men and true are lacking, but beauso steady and energetic constables, well versed in the " police tactics" of kIeeping the burglar off, and who would make in valuable sergeants, cannot be brought for ward through their inability to stand the test of an educational examination. It was Lord Brougham who uttered aspirations for the day to arrive when every peasant in England should understand Bacon. Sits there apart some Grand Lama of literature who is determined to promote a.state of things in which every sub-lieutenant of foot shall be familiar with Sanskrit, crystallo graphy, and spectrum analysis, and when every candidate for the stripes of a police sergeant shall at least le conversant with thie elements of Euclid, Humboldt's IKosmos, Shakespearo, and tile musical glasses ? Superintende nt Thomson, of tihe E or Hol born division, discharges a Parthlian di rt at the miscreants who sell revolting prints and booke. " Of all the vagabonds withl whom I have had to deal," hie remarks, "thoseo are of the most detestable category, and they are not lost sight of. Several and highly important convictions have been secoured." Mr.::Digby, superintendent of the II or Whitechapel division, mentions that during the year no less than 405 persons, 70 adults and 335 children woro reported to the police as lost or missing. The whole of those strayed sheeoop and lambs were discovered and restored to their friends, witis the ex caption of nine adulta, of rhiom six weore found drowned, and two--black shoop, these -deserted their homes and families. Mr. Digby takes up his parable very fiercely against the fried fish, pie, and oyster shops, which he stigmatises as the resort of drunken persons after the public-houses are closed. That these places are the resort of dissolute and even of criminal characters is probable enough: still it should be forgotten that fried fish, pie, and oyster shops are the restaurants, the trattorie, the cauponoe of the poor, who, so wretchedly bungling is their own home cooking, are glad and grateful to find here, at a cheap rate, viands which to their palates seem succulent. Mr. Digby is more just in re- gard to Sunday trading. It is still, he re marks, carrid on to a considerable extent t but no good, in hIis opinion, results fromu tile iuvidliousi prosocutiorls instituted from tibio to time gainsut potty tradoslolk in the metropolitanr vestries. He has something to say, too, abourt the \Wild Birds' Protection Act, a measure which intimaustely concerns the fancirs of VWhitecthapol, and which is in force firom the 15th March to the 31st July. Mr. D)igby does not thlink that the act is very operative. "Diffeoront mnagistratbs place different constructions upon it; while some hold that the second section throws oni tho prosecution thie onus of proving that the birdse have beeoon takeon ubsoequeunt to the 15th March." Tie superinteodent merely I mentions tho universality of tramways at the east-end of London, but says nothing of how they and the horses which drag tihe cars are worked(, or of the manners and morals of the drivers and conductors. In the K or Stop noy division, the police found more than a thousand doors, windows, and fanlights opened or insecure at night; while from the V or WVandsworthl division, the suporin tondont is able to report that " no crime has boon committed calling for special comment." Most of the offences were cases of pocket pickting at race-meeootings, and the pilfering of goods stupidly and cruelly exposed by tradesmen outside their shops for sale. These persons have been repeatedly cautioned by the police against the continuance of a practice which offers a direct temptation to thieves, and especially to vagrant children, who learn the trade of robbery by filching ohoese and bacon from the provision shops; but the tradespeople persist in piling up their goods on the pavement, saying that the sale is facilitated by the al fresco exposure. 