. MINING. .'. Wept Monkland Company. — This 'Company's -shaft is down .123, feot... Tho sinking is now, and has beon |for tho last 20 foot, very. .good, being through a fiiie slatp stratum ; ten foot was sunk by two shifts during tho last fortnight. , It is intended to put up a whim- shortly. , ?'.'.?.. ??-. South MonVland Extondod Company. — This Ootniianv has Knishod tho oreution of if-.s whim ; a shod has yet to be built ovor the shaft, and the whim ring (partly formed) to be complotod j n stable'has also to bo oroctod ; .it -is likely that sinking will bo resumed in a fortnight. Thoro was just a quorum of members prosont at the ndjoiirnod: special1 mooting1 of tho North Smithfibld Company hold oil Wednesday. Tlio objoct of tho mooting was to take into considera tion tho prosont financial position of tho com pany and ! the' desirability of winding' it up.' A disoussioii took place during which the following circumstances transpirod :— That the A. J. S. Bank was pressing for tho payment of tho Com pany's overdraft, amounting to- £301 odd, in pluding intorost ; that for, outstanding calls thoro was duo moro than tho amount of ,tlio ovordraft ; that nearly all the. defaulters werb in good cir cumstances ; thnt tho company', no ,v only 'num bered 1C33 contributing Bharos, and that thoro was not moro than 5s. per sharo to call up ; and that tho company's claim . wns pttvtooted . by oxoinptibn .registration which had sis or oight wpokslongor to riin.-^Mr. A. Pollock. (who was in the chair) suggostod that tho company, should bo voluntarily wound-up, nnd 'iiddbd thnt it must bo patent tho ontorprisp could not bo carried on as at present constituted. .It having boen nscor tainbd that, tho majority of tliose prosont woro .holdors of paid-up scrip, it wns asked what tho viows.of the owners of contributing scrip \Vere. Mr. B. Finnoy stated that; thb hiomber ho rcpro sonted (Mr. Geo. Harris) was one of the largest holdors pf contributing shares ; and his opinion wns that the company should be wound-up ; ho had regularly pnid up his culls, but ho considered it a downright injustico that ho should ? bo rbquirod to continuo paying, whilst five-sixths of tho , othor proprietors .were. ..defaulters. — Mr. Oouldory moiitioncd that in tho npxt claim, No. 3 North. Smithfield' (in which ho was nlso intoreatod) the owners woro driving to tho enst niul woro in about 70 foot; . .The Sniithfield roof had ncvor been traced tpyond tho cross-courso in No. 2 north, and if No. 3 wore to discover it then tho company's property would undoubtedly becomo very valuable.- 'Ho. tlionght ,woll of No. 3's chancos of gotting tho roof, and speing that tho company's, claim was protected, and that tho liabilities woro not being, increased, ho .tho.ught it would bo a pity to carry the rosolu tion suggested by tho Chairnian. They should wait, if possible, until tho owners of No. .3 had proved thoir ground.— Mr. Bonthron observed that tho directors had triod sovoral times, io got Mr. Tozor to take active stops for tho robovoi'y of the outstanding calls?but had not succoodod j ho had beon much absent -from Gympio lately.— Mr. Couldory s|vid it sooinod unbnsinoss-liko to wind-up tho com pany.. whilst-, thore -, whs money duo to, lit j tho hotter plan .woiild;bo to try to rocovor tho outstanding calls first.— Mr. Finnoy romarked that in? any base there was not sufli cient .capital to call up to continue operations ; it would thoroforb be proforabloto wind-up and ro-organiso. — The Chairnian answorod that if tho holdors of No. 3 nortli should strike the roof thoy could then nml:olfnr'.]ier .arrangements.— ; As Secrotnry, Mr. Finnoy informed tho mooting tliat Mr, Tozor had told him rooontly that ho would at oncoprocbed against tho dofnultbrs. — In answor to a question it, was statod that, tlio shares of most of tho, defaulters had boon for feited.*— Mr. Conldery's, viows seemed to bo agreed with, ancVoyontually it, was rosolvod tha* ' it is not desirablo to; windriiptho company at present, but thnt its solicitor bo requested ' to tako immediate action for the roeoyory..bf tho oiitBtimding calls.' — Mr. , Fiwnoy, pointed ..out that if iminedinto sjt.eps: for the recovery of tho ovordraft wore tnko'n by. tho bank tho contribut ing shnroholdors now romi.iniiig. iii tho oouipauy. would be placed iu an unfair. position. It wns determined' that'it proposal should be submitted to the bank not, to tnko action until tho oxomp tiori liad oxpirud.— Mr. Couldory was then elected a director, and the meeting onded. | The. trial crushing of '30 tons from tho top levels of the ,J)ne-ini jo Company's ground went poorly, the yield boing 0 ozs. 1 dwt. (retorted). At tho .Victoria macjuno, Btono from tl)o Calo doiiian Company 'and tho Otngo Roof is going through ;' tho former lot will probably bo finished at the beginning of nbxt week. Tho Gympio Is Btill'ongagudl ontho samo two parcels that it wno at' the date ? of bur ? liutt roport, - '.''?' On Wbdliesday H. Tozer nnd D. G, Stuwf 'mado.applicatioii for a lease i'of'lu9 x 000 feet on thb -line of ; tho Monkland reef, 'being claim formerly known. as No. 1 north. The Glontnire 'shaft --f tho 2 & 3;south Monk laud Company is 'iriow down '170 feet. ? In tho ;adjqiuiiig 'coiiipimy.— tho Gkumiro Leasehold; — the dopth roaohud'is 105 foot. The sinking in both shafts.hiis muoh improtod. : ' ?? '?. ??''?. h ?;;'A public trial of Mi i Denny's patent pulveriser and buddlc, was 'given in' the annoxo to tho Exhibition' oii Friday, and was attended by a number- of-p'brsons iuterosted in mining pursuits. The stuff operated upon was , a ton of tailings from 'MessrH.i; Mort arid Oo.'s lnachino,- and tlmiigli; in- tho original crushing littlo or no gold !was:' obtained -the 'ptilvorisor's'nmalgnm yielded 13'dwta; of fine1' gold1. Several scientific gontlo irieii wat'ohbd the process with much intercut, and it was. freely-- pre'dieted 'that littlo or notliing would result .from th«- trial. Mr.. Watt; .'tho 'Government : assayed took samples fromeabh bag,'fow;the purpose of t'ostihgthum, toseowhat ;a careful' assay; 'will givoi1 '' The ' ihacliiiio gqes-.to Gymp'io, on Friday, for a company thoro. ;? Tlio 'patent has' baen secured in' Queensland, : as iwell ns m this colony land Victorin.— 'iTown and :0ountry^';; ''.:'s;'''-.'.-.-:f:-/:'.:. -.-.'..?:.?? '.-i,--1 .-..-; '.,-- ? Upon the question,1 ?' What constitutes a pay able yield of gpld=1' the1 ' Sonthorn Cross' says : '— ' Consideri'lig-'ithb largo por contngo of silver, nearly a'third, which is incorporated i with tho gold' found on1 thp' Thames goldfield, it will be admitted that a yield of lOdwt. of gold to the ton of stuff crushed seems but a small return to pro dried 'handsome' profits to shareholders. Tho standard value of gold is £3 17s. 9d. per ounce. In Victoria thoi gold ^produced by tho minors^is a fraction above tho standard purity, and is worth £3 17s; 10d.-' Thames gold is worth not more than £2 114s. Gd.; per ounco. It, has frequently boon said that tho,pxpeiisos of gold-mining, hero are not recouped by thb' produce of tho mines, and' that only very rich lends could' profitably bo worked, sons to socuro dividends to shareholders. In former times this wiib no doubt triio, but now bvidoneo shows that -amnir yiolds under careful mnnngomont and with good 'appliances aiid economy, can bo inadohigh'y profitable. An illus tratioii of 'how this is being accomplished offers ; it self iii the annual, roport of the directors of tho .City of London Gold ?mining Cf nnpany ' which wo published last Friday..' Intliat roport it is stated tliiit diiring thb year ' upwards bf 10,000 tons of stone have been raised and /crushed at a cost ot 15s.'/. 8d. por ton,' and it is further Btated that' ' ' since thb 1st of Juno Jitst tlio sum of £5000, or:£l por sharo, has boon paid to the shareholders. That is to s'ay,; iii' loss than 10 inontlis the City of .London. Mining Company has paid its share holders dividends of only 2s. 6d; less than tho amount of capital called up on each share. . ' Tho nominal : capital is £10,000, ' iii £2 shares' of .which £2025, or £1 2s. (id. per share, has been callod, of whicli 20s. per sharp hns boon repaid in: dividends,'' to say riothing'of the plant, tho company possesses nnd. tho future' prospects of tho.niine,1' .,-''..':.- .',.'~'i' '''.''''? ,-: ''?.!!./..?.' Livb ik tub Nohth.— Different people, diffor ont tastes,' saj's tho proverb.-' The Port Darwin correspondent of the 'South/Australian, Regis ter' cauni.it appreciate tho glorios of tho '. forest primoval ,' and '.'thinks tho gentle; Cowper didn't know what lie was asking for when hesighed for ' a lodge in'sonio vast wilderrioss,':to got out of tho bother and worry of wars, rumours of wars, slavery, ana similar evidences ot lngner. civiliza tion. Tho; correspondent before mentioned writes under date January 17, ns follows :— ' I ' commence by wishing you a happy new year. Don't return tho .compliment— I can', only imagino an ' ironical sneor- on your otherwise benign countenance if you did sn. Every at tempt at boing jolly in this Eden of Australia is a moro bnrlosq ne — cf tomfoolery there isplonty; of truo enjoyment littlo, if; any. Oli, Billy Oowpof ! Billy Cowper ! if thy gontle ?: naturo could havo but exporioncod: f or three months tho ills that- flesh is lieir to in this Northern Terri tory, : with whnt'fr'enzied fuvore wnuld'stthou havo dashed thy' peri through thoso oft-quoted linos of thy ' Task,' ? u tor a lodge in some vasr. wildornoss',' &c;, as- tho silliest wish for human boing ' to dosiro or ]ien to indUo. Ghost of tho dopartod bard ! visit this realm. Look on ns poor mortals conp'od iip like sheop in a foul pen, cut off from eivilisbd ' society, , our bodies tor mbnted with' prickly boat, irritating hoyond en durance, and as ?wo swatch, Rcrdtoh',- scratch,' iriorning,' .'noon, 'and night ; and scratch, scratch, scratch till maddonod at last outright, we tear tho flesh from nur bones,- and suffer in conse qiionco tlio worst evil of ulcerous sorbs. Ghost of Billy look at' mo, if you can soo any mortal by daylight, with iiiy.log liound up in ragsnnd towols ; nothing but ' wounds' nnd bruises and putrofyincf, soreR. Gh through our township, ghostly friend, and soo the nibn ;and women spockledliko measly babies/ 'Look nt the1 many poor wrofch'os'' nerveless, helpless, thftt'driwj thoir fovor stricken bodies through our streets, moro'liko' the animated fenrensos of mummies than of living forms of tho sons of South Austra lia. Incorporonl Billy ! look at tho does that lib cxhaustod ,in oiir 'roadwdy!-!' tho cocks' that liayon't' got .strength' to jump on a rail aiuVcrow; the horses, like Tain O'Sliarit'br'snne, nioreborios than flesh; tho cows that, liko Mrs. Dombe'v, haven't strength to mnko'nii effort, and bear only vory tinv cnlvos. Sliadb of tho dopnrtod disom bbdipd Billy! soo our bodies .covered- with' sorbn, torinontod with flios, mosquitoes;. crickots, coplc rbnehos, , rats, , ants', ' spiders, and bthbr vermin too nuirinrbus to mention ; sro us roasted by day, . niid pnrboilod in foul'oxudntioris by niglitr; soo us ontirictour lionillij prosorvbd ,'vogetnbies,'1- sour broad, with bad nppotito and discontented .'minds.- Phoumatoscopic Billy'.'look, look on' this picturu, and say would'st thou desiro.tb jod(»oin this 'vriRt wildornoss, this boundless contiguity 'of 'shade, ?whoro nothing roachos us ' oxepiit tole(»rnmR about twice or : thrice in six months.' Go. thy ways, Ghost, go [bettor live to liavo our. ears pained nnd our souls sickened with pvory-dny roports nf wrong and outrngo, tq mix i in tho busy strife of towns that nioii havo made,.- than banishod to the \yihls, bf tho Northern Terri tory, which God nindo to bo thb nbodo qf blnok , follows, but not for the oivilisod, ' .doineBticnhid society-loving whites. So much ns a rbason wh.V I don't wish to bo bored with thn complimbnts of tho sonson. It would bo but of plnco, » , , ' ExTRAoiinmATiY Yield ok;Potatokr.— Mr W. Millis, of Guyra (says the ' Armidale Chronicle). ' has boon 'dicging up potatoes, arid Jins. found ,ifc quite worth his while, ppeing tliiit from orio roof; alono ho ohtainod tho enormous number .of '350 tubors, weighing a owt. and d quarter ! ; 