CHAPTER XLVI. A STRANGE DREAM. My -mother and I stopped np talking •until very late on this night. The future was not mentioned ; all our talk was of the past. My mother recalled the reminiscences of her younger days, and dwelt upon tbem with affection. She drew pictures of her home when she was & girl, and told me a great deal concerning her parents, and es pecially concerning my grandmother, of whom my own impressions were so vivid. AS though Bhe were living her life over again, ehe travelled from those days gradually to the day upon which ehe first saw ruy father, and in tender tones related many incidents of thtir -courtship which 1 had never before heard. She required a great deal of coaxing before she would epeak of her courting days, hut I led her on artfully from one thing to another, and listened to her with delight. On such occasions SB this my mother seemed to grow twenty years younger; her face grew 1'reshef, rounder, and in her eyes the soft light of youth lived again. Then came the description of her wedding-day, and she laughed or grew pensive as she recalled the Lames of those who were present, stopping occasionally, until I eaid, "Yea, mother, and then,"—upon whioh she took up my words, Baying, " And then, my dear,"—and proceeded with her descriptions. When, in the comse of her narration, I came into the world, 1 was able to take a larger share in the ci.iiverbatiou, and 1 added my experience to here. We were by turns grave and merry, according to the nature of our reminiscences. My grandmother's peculiarities, her death, the sear eh for the long stocking, and the picture of Snaggletooth ripping open the beds and the arm-chairs, and sitting on the.iloor with his hair full of feathers; then on to my father's burial, and my illness, aud the removal farther and farther away from our native town until we found ourselves in London—scarcely anything, except what was painful, was left unspoken of. "And there's an end to it all, mother," I said, when we had brought the reminiscences up to the very night upon which we were conversing. " No, my -dear," she replied, with a tender shake of .her head, " not an end ; there are brighter pages to come in my darling's life." " Do you know, mother," I said, a3 i stoo 1 by her side at the door of her bedroom, " I have often thought of grandmother's long stocking, and fancied that one day we should find a treasure somewhere." My mother laughed, " VVby, my dear, where on earth would you look for it 1 We have not a thing left that belonged to your grandmother." "Yes, we have ; you don't forget that brown monkey-man that used to stand on the mantelshelf and wag its head at us Y' " 1 remember it perfectly, dear child ; yoa don't mean to say you have kept it sill this time ?" " It is in my box now; I shall take it out to-niglit, and have a look at it." "You don't suppose tbe treasure is in that ?" said my mother, laughing. "No; though Jessie and 1 did think one day that we had made a discovery. Goodnight, mother." "Good-night dear child, and God bless you. Remember, my dear, there are brighter pages to come, and your mother will live to see them." That, before she went to sleep, she prayed for those brighter days, I was certain, bat I scarcely dared hope that what Bhe so fondly desired would ever take place. Before I went to bed I took from my box the stone image of the brown monkey-man; it was at the very bottom of my box, which I had not opened for many months, for the reason that it contained all the sketches I had made of JesBie, and which I bad put away when I lost her. But for theBe, and the tender thought which they excited, 1 should have given more attention to the Btone image, which looked uglier and more repulsive than ever. How such a hideous thing could be considered an ornament it puzzled me to think ; but it occurred to me that there were more flagrant violations of ait than this. On the previous day I had seen a death's-head pin in the cravat of a ghastly coxcomb, who -Beemed very proud of it. 1 set the image of the monkey-man on the mantelshelf, and slowly replaced tbe sketches in my box, lingering over them with fond regret. Among tbem I found a sketch with the name of "Anthony Bullpit" at the foot, and I remembered that it was a fancy drawing I had made of my grandmother's lover, after reading the account of hiB arrest by the detective Vinnicombe, elsewhere narrated ; 9 sneaking figure was Anthony Bullpit, as I had represented him, with his hang-dog look and hypocritical face, gnawing at his fingernails. I pushed it out of sight, and turned again to the contemplation of my sketches of Jeesie, over which I spent a sad and tender quarter of an hour. Then, with a Bigh, I closed the box and locked it, and went to bed. It was my habit of a night to lie awake for a few minutes with the candle alight on a chair close to my bed. Generally 1 passed these minutes in reading, but on this night "1 lay a-thynkinge," and did not open my book. Directly opposite the head of my bed was the mantelshelf, with the smoke-dried monkey of a man in stone on it, and this was the last thing that presented itself to my sight before I blew out the light. Bestless as I was with the events of the evening, and with the conversation which had taken place between my mother and myeelf, I was tired enough to fall asleep within a very few moments. But 1 was not too tired to dream ; my body was asleep, but my imagination was never more active. To me, the most wonderful feature in the physiology of dreams has alwayB been the fact that Time, the dominant and inexorable tyrant which rules and guides our course, and regulates the passions and emotions of life, iB in our sleep utterly set at naught; a lifetime is compressed in a moment, as it were, and between waking and sleeping a hundred years of history are played out. I think I must have dreamt of every important event in my life, and of many in the lives of otherB; they presented themselves to me without coherence or sequence, and there was but one consistent feature in my fancies —the figure of the monkey-inan, which was never absent. 1 dreamt of Snaggletooth and Snapgletooth's wife. She was relatiug the BtoiieB of the (Jncklane Ghost and Old ilother Shipton, as she had ielated them in the kitchen on the night my father lay dying up-stairp, but in my dreanr she was not speaking to me, but to the monkey-image, which gravely wagged its head at her as she proceeded ; Snaggletooth was running up and down the ste-irs, and poking in the oddest corners, in his search for the long stocking, and the monkev-man was assisting him frantically, running at his heels, and ttaring things open with fiendish haste; 1 was in the mourning coach, following my father's body to the churchyard, and the monkeymas wae sitting opposite to me, grinning at me ; Snaggletooth was carrying me ont of the churchyard, and as £ opened my eye3, the monkey-man, squatting on iSnaggletooth's shoulder, squinted at me. In the same way the image presented itself in every incident connected with Jessie and my mother and Cncie Bryan ; and when'I lay trembling in bed, and Jane Painter stood in my bedroom in the dark telling me stories of blood and murder, the monkey-man prowled about the i floor, and dropped from the ceiling, and crept from under my bed, and sat on my pillow with its ugly face illumined. When Jessie knocked at the shop-door, as she had done years ago for the first time, and my mother opened it, the monkey-man entered first and jumped on to the table ; and on the night of the amateur performance at Josey West's the monkey-man was among the audience, seated in a place of honour. Suddenly all this chaos of persons and circumstances came to an end, and there were only my grandmother, and I, and the monkeyfigure sitting together. I was in my little low cbair, my grandmother, very stately and grand, was in her arm-chair, and the monkey-man was on the mantelshelf. Said my grandmother, in my dream, in a very distinct tone, " He had a knob on the top of his head, and was always eating his nails." I looked at the monkey-man lor confirmation of her words, and it said, in a stony voice, " He had a knob on the top of his head, and was always eating his nails." After this confirmation, my grandmother continued, " And the last time 1 set eyes on him was on my wedding day." Again I looked at the monkey-man, and again it confirmed my grandmother's statement, but with a slight difference this time, "And the last time we set-eyes on him was on our wedding-day." Which inference on the part of the monkeyman of being my grandfather somewhat disturbed me. Now, at this point of my fancies, what on earth brought Old Mac, the actor, into the scene? There he was, however, face to face with the monkey-man, who questioned him as a lawyer would have done. " Wbat do you say his name commences with?" asked the monkey-man. "It commences with a G," replied Old Mac. " And what is that habit of his that you say is a sign of ill-temper ?" asked the monkey-man. " Biting his nails," replied Old Mac; " he is always at it." By this time my dream has resolved itself into a Court of Enquiiy ; the monkey-man is dressed in a wig and gown, which do not hide his ugliness; my grandmother, veiy broad and portly, sits as Judge; and I, it seems, am in some way the criminal whose case is being tried, for my grandmother nodB her head at me continually, and says, "Perhaps you will believe me now ; all these things happened on my wedding-way." Old Mac fades away, and is replaced by Turk WeBt. "D all professional money-lenders, I Bay," he cries; "and if ever 1 believe again in a man with a handle on the top of his head, my name's not Turk \V«bt." "Hold your tongue," calls out the monkey-man; "who wants to know what your name is? We'll come to names presently. When did you first discover the handle ?" " It isn't a handle," sayB Turk, iu correction, "it's a knob/' Aly grandmother nods in confirmation. "He had a knob on the top of his head," she says, " and hewas always bitinghisnails." " I don't know about that," says Turk, "but his fingers are always at his moustache, and he is the soul of honour and comes from a highly-respectable family." "That he doeB," adds my grandmother. " Poor Anthony ! He proposed and wished to run away with me, but my family stepped in and prevented him." " Very wrong," Bays Turk gravely ; "wasn't his family respectable enough for them ? The BOUI of honour!" " Quite so," Bays my grandmother. "He told me, after I had accepted this child's grandfather" (at this point of my dream 1 become suddenly a child, in a pinafore), " that life was valueless to him without me, and that as he had lost me, he would be sure to go to the devil." " Did he go ?" asks the monkey-man. " I always found him a man of his word," replies my grandmother. "Now attend to me, Sir," cries the monkey-man, in a bullying tone, turning suddenly upon Turk. " When did you say you first discovered this knob ?" "Last week," replies Turk, " when he satin that chair" (the chair comes into the dream) " and told me to Bhampoo him." " You were surprised when you felt it ?" asks the monkey-man. " I wap," says Turk, " and 1 asked him if he had knocked his head against something. He said, no, that<he was born with it." "And what was the remark," continues the monkey-man, levelling a threatening finger at me, " you made to the prisoner at the bar?" " I said," says Turk, "that that sort of thing runs in families, and that if he had it his father must have had it before him." Suddenly, and as if it were quite in the natural order of things, we are all listening to the statement of a new witness who had risen in Turk's place. " I am an officer in the detective force, and my name iB Vinnicombe. From information received, I went to Liverpool, and tracked Anthony Bullpit on board the Prairie Bird, bound for America. ' It's no use making a noise about it,' 1 says to him, a8 I slipped the hapdcftffs on him; ' I want you, Anthony Bullpit. Yoa Bhan't be done out of a voyage across the sea, but Botany Bay's the place as'll suit yon best, I should think.'" Here my grandmother brindles np, "You're an infamous designing creature," she screams. "HeiB no more guilty than lam." "He pleadB guilty at all events," is the detective's reply. "That is to spite me," says my grandmother, " and to prove that he's a man of his word." Then, by quite an easy transition, the Court and the crowd fade away, and my grandmother, I, and the monkey-figure are again in the little parlour, and she is Baying to me, " Your grandfather has much to answer for, child. Mr. Bullpit was transported for twenty-one years. Some wicked people said it was a mercy he wasn't hanged. If he had been, I should never have survived it. Poor Anthony !" "You would like to have a peep at him, I daresay," says the monkey- man to me, my grandmother having disappeared; "come along, I'll show him to you." And at the same moment we are peeping through the keyhole of Turk West's shop-door at the figure of Mr. Glover, who sits in the chair with his fingers at his lips. Here' a sudden movement or noise partially awakens me. With all the details of this strange dream in my mind I lay for a few moments htdf- asleep and half-awake, endeavouring to bring the confused particulars into some kind of order ; but the only thing that was clear to me was the connection that had been created between Anthony Bullpit and Mr. Glover. As I gradually returned to full consciousness, this connection seemed to become something more than a fancy. That the knob on Anthony Bullpit's head, of which 1 heard BO much from my grandmother's lips in my young days, was reproduced, according to Turk West's testimony, on the head of Mr. Glover, was certainly no fancy; Anthony Bullpit bit his nails; Mr. Glover had the same objectionable habit. Stranger discoveries were made every day than the ditcovcry that Mr. Glover was Anthony Bullpit's son. If this were so, what became of Mr. Glover's boast that there was not a stain upon his good n^me, and that his character and the character of all his family were above reproach? It occurred to me here that his ardent desire to make people b» li< Vf this sprang from the fact that he had something disreputable to conceal. Wha'-j made we so anxious iu the matter was, tint if there were a solid foundation to the suspicion, and if I could prove a connection between Mr. Glover and Anthony Bullpit, tbe convict, then 1 had a lever in my hauds which I could use to good effect against Mr. Glover -a lever which I believed would cause him at once to cease his attentions to Jessie. That he had laid her under an obligation to him was evident, and he might be inclined to persecute her in consequence. The lever I speak of was the printed account by Vinnicombe, the detective, of the arrest and conviction of Anthony Bullpit for the robbery from the Bank. 1 rose and lit the candle, and taking the mouldy old paper from the hollow of the Btone monkey-figure, I read it carefully. I was particularly struck in the reading by the desciiption given by the detective of the peculiarity in Anthony Bullpit's teeth. If that peculiarity existed in tbe teeth of Mr. Glover, it would be almost impossible to resist the conviction that he was Anthony Bullpit's son. I set to work at once, and made a fair copy of the " Remarkable Discovery of a Forger by the Celebrated Detective, Mr. Vinnicombe." At nine o'clock in the morning I was in Turk West's shop with the manuscript in my pocket. 