. MR. WILKIE COLLEGE GHOST. > - "" STORY. ' . ) JJ Mr. W. Collins has been lecturing at Chicago, and a local paper has the following to say about him and his ghost story : Mr. Collins was attired in a full dress suit of black. ' He is still in the prime of life perhaps fifty certainly not more.' His upper person is stout and broad, while his lower limbs are rather attenu- ated, but not enough to be classified under the name of' ' spindles.' In stature he is above what is called the medium height, and, taken altogether, the great novelist presents the appearance of a hearty, whole-souled, thorough-going vigorous and active gentleman, capable of feeling acute interest in the welfare of the human race, and capable of creating the most wonderful beings wherewith to people impressible minds and harass sensitive souls. As a reader, he is more than fair, but falls short of being dramatic. He is such an elocutionist as would suit the cozy hearthstone of a winter night. There is nothing strained in his manner or in his voice. The first is natural in the extreme, and the second is thrilling, because of its fine genial ring and beautiful modulations. Mr. Collins has very little of the English tone, unless it be the broad pronunciation of his age and the occasional homicide of the letter 'h.' The reader selected the story of The Dream Woman,' published years ago a weird, ghostly, blood-curdling tale, enough to disturb the repose of a mind even the least superstitious in the world. It is a story that can be listened to with interest again and again, especially if read with the ability which distinguished the author's rendition last evening. The story is divided into four parts-all bearing upon the fate of Francis Raven, a groom in the employ of Percy Fair- bank. The first part narrates the meeting of Mr. Fairbank with the man, while the latter was acting as hostler in an English country stable ; how Mrs. Fair- bank became interested in Raven from having heard him mutter strange words in his sleep on a pile of hay in a stable ; how the confidence of the man was won, and he related the dreadful story of his blasted life. His fate, or the weaving thereof, found him first at a lone inn, near a forest, in a strange part of England, whither he had wandered in search of employment. The place was lonely and desolate in appearance, but, worn out with travel, he resolved to put up there for the night. It was 11 o'clock when he entered the hotel and the landlord gave him a candle to his bedroom, the window of which looked out upon a forest. He threw himself on the bed, having locked both door and window securely j but the mournful howling of the wind awed him somewhat, and he left his candle burning. Sleep came on him unawares, and at length he felt an awful chill creep over him and a dull pain in the region of his heart, that made him start up in horror. He looked toward the foot of the bed, and there, between him and the wall, was the figure of a woman, with large grey eyes, one eyelid slightly drooped ; yellow, shining hair, beautifully shaped arms, with the white down upon the in small lady-like hands, with a pink bush around the finger-nails, and horror of horrors - ! those hands held a knife of English make such as labouring men might use to cut their bread with, with a buckhorn handle almost new. Their eyes met and the woman glided towards him making no noise. She approached him on the right side of the bed, and made a cut at him with the knife. He rolled aside and avoided it. He was overcome with horror. Then she went around on the left side, and made another stab at him. This also he avoided, and the knife was buried in the bedclothes. At this moment the snuff of the candle fell into the socket, and there was darkness. It flared up for a moment, and the woman had the knife in the sleeve of her dress. Then, when the candle darkened once more, she left the room. Raven shook off his lethargy of fear, and went to examine the door. It was close locked ! The window was the same! How did the woman escape ? He opened the door and shouted 'Help, here murder!' The landlord came along the passage-way with a candle and a gun in his hand. What was the matter ? He was told. He went in and examined the bedclothes. No sign of a cat was there. He swore at Raven for disturbing the family; but the man would not go back into that room not for all the world. He paid his bill, and went out into the road. He made his way home, and told, his mother. What was the hour and the date - she asked. It was just 2 o'clock in the morning of the 1st of March. ' Good God ! the very day and hour of your birth !' exclaimed his mother. The latter made Francis detail all the circumstances, even to the appearance of the woman and of the knife. One year passed away. It was again the 1st of March, or the morning of it, and Raven's mother was ill. He went to the village surgeon's for medicine. As he reached the doctor's house, the village clock chimed a quarter before 2. He awakened the surgeon, who descended to the surgery to prepare the medicine. Just as the clock struck 2 the surgery door opened from the outside and there entered-a woman ! Who are you ?' the doctor said. * I'm ill I've got a toothache, and want some laudanum,' the female answered in a refined tone of voice. The doctor refused her the < laudanum, supposing that she meditated 1 suicide. Braves told her to wait for him ] outside. The doctor warned him against t such action, but he persisted. 9 The woman did wait for him, and he took her t to his home. There was something about t her not- unfamiliar, but she bewitched & him. He wooed and won her for his 1 wife. When he introduced her to his s mother," she appeared lovely, and he was a proud of her.' This happiness was of interrupted by a piercing shriek from the old lady. ' Francis who is this woman?' Leak! Has she not large grey eyes, with one - lid drooping, luxuriant hair with a yellow dash in h, and her hands, God ! look at them I He looked. The face' of the woman, Alicia Warlock, changed. The Dream of Woman' of the lonely inn stood before him ! But this could not cure his love for her. They went on housekeeping for themselves, and one day the mother was induced to come to dinner. The women met in a more friendly spirit than before. All was progressing well until Alicia cut some bread and placed it upon the table. She went into the kitchen, and Raven was again startled by the expression of his mother's face. Francis' she cried in horror, ' look look at the knife with which your wife out that bread !' He looked. It was the knife of the dream ! The mother would not remain in the house. He went home with her, and she warned him not to return to his wife. But he did return. Things went on happily enough for nearly a year, when Alicia got in with bad company, and took to drink. Mean- while Raven's mother died. Alicia insisted in walking in the funeral procession. A quarrel ensued, and, in the heat of anger, Raven struck her. She crouched down like a tigress, and he locked her in the room until the funeral was over. The last advice of his mother was not to go back to his wife. He did go back. He found her with a bundle packed, ready to go forth. She said in a cold, measured tone, ' No man ever struck me before. 3Ly husband shall never have another chance.' Then she left. An undefinable horror stole over Raven. He lay in his room, with the candle lit and the door locked. Thus he lay six nights, but nothing happened. The seventh night came on. It was the eve of his birth. He resolved to keep awake, but, as usual sleep stole in when least desired. He was awakened by the same deathly chill, and the same dreadful pain of the heart, that came on him at the lonely inn. He started up, and there, at the foot of his bed, with the well-remem bered knife, with the buckhorn handle, in her hand, stood this dreadful wife! Her eyes wore the same dreadful expression that distinguished the soul-chilling gaze of the phantom. She approached him, but he sprang from the bed and pinioned her. He snatched the knife from her, and exclaimed, You wanted to murder me. Just then the village clock struck 2 in the morning of the 1st of March.. Raven swooned, and the female friend, hearing the voice of the watchman, fled. From that hour Raven became a miserable man. The woman had carried off the knife, and he felt suc- that she should kill him yet. He was taken into the service of the Fairbank family as a supernumerary groom. Mrs. Fairbank was French, and the family owned a place called Maison Rouge, near the city of Metz, in France. All the servants, with the exception of Raven, were French, who could talk no English, and Francis could not speak any other language. He was displeased to find Maison Rouge near the German frontier, for he remembered that this dreadful wife had once been a governess in a German family near the Moselle. However, things went on smoothly enough, Raven, still haunted by his terrible fear until near Christmas. At that time, or soon after, Francis had his leg broken by the kick of a horse, and was, of course, laid up for several months. Among the servants was one Riccobert, a handsome groom, who was somewhat of a rake. It was reported to Mr. Fair- bank that, on 27th February, this groom who had been sent on business to Metz, had been seen in the company of a tall, blonde Englishwoman. His master re proved him for his folly, and he promised amendment. Raven's recovery was impeded by his fears that the 1st of March would bring about his death. The surgeon remembered that it was leap year, and that February that year would have twenty nine days. If they could get Raven over the 1st of March without his knowledge all would be well. The sick man begged somebody to stay up with him on the night he dreaded. Riccobert volunteered to do it. At this time Mr. Fairbank was compelled to go into Germany to attend the silver wedding ' of a friend. What happened subsequently is supposed to be related by Riccobert to the judge before whom he was arraigned for the murder of Francis Raven, on the 1st of March. The former stated that he had arranged with the female whom he had met on the 27th of February at Metz, _ to enter- tain her in his rooms at the stables of Maison Rouge. His apartment was next to that of Raven, by whose side he was to watch. He had to wait until all the other servants had retired. He brought the woman to the room on the eve of the 1st of March, at 11 o'clock. Just then the sick man grew restless, and cried out Alicia, for it was she turned pale, and her eyes blazed. She came to the door, and peered at the sick man over Ricco bert's shoulder. Raven shrieked with terror, and made a gesture to the French- man not to leave him alone. Riccobert, fearing that Raven might awaken the other servants, tied his hands and gagged him. He could never forget the look of despair that came over River's face. It was the look of death. Riccobert entertained the woman until within a few minutes of 2 o'clock, when he heard the voices of Mrs. Fairbank and the surgeon downstairs. In terror he rushed down to prevent their coming up, stating that Raven was asleep and could not be disturbed. This turned them back. Just then the clock struck 2, and he heard the west door of the stable, leading to tire river Moselle, bang. He rushed upstairs, an indefinable dread upon him. The woman was not in his room. He searched the outer room she was not there. Some repellant feeling kept him from entering the chamber of Raven. He'listened. It was dead silence. He opened the door. Raven lay perfectly still upon the bed, but on the floor a dark, red stream was flowing.' It was blood. He approached the bed. There lay the corpse of Raven his throat cut, and an English clasp-knife, with a buck horne handle, sticking in his heart. ,. The dream was fulfilled. Eiccobert was acquitted. The river was dragged for the body of the mur- dress, but in vain. Whether human, phantom, or devil, she was never seen again. " And, with a Shakspearian quotation, Mr. Wilkie Collins, having successfully made cold water run down the backs of his audience, bowed and retired, amid applause subdued by superstitious awe. 