DenATING SocIrr.-Wo understands that the next meeting of this society will b hold at the Meohanics' Institute on Friday evening next, the 17th instant. Subject: Who is the greatest of modern poets?' The dobato will be opened by Mr. Beard, whose argument will go to prove that Tennyson, the poet-laurente, occupies this position. The usual fortnightly meeting of this society was postponed from last Friday in consequence of the dramatic per formance. DEPUTY CORONER FOR BENALLA.- We are pleased to see that the appointment of Dr. John Nicholson, as deputy coroner for this district, has at length been sanctioned by the Governor. The Gazette announces the fact, but as no boundary of his district is given, we are at present unable to publish it. We will do so, however, in our next issue. BENALLA PETTY SESSIONS.-We are requested to notify the fact that an alteration has been made in the day of attendance of the police magistrate at these sessions. In future they will be held at 10 a.m. on alternate Mondays, instead of Tuesdays as heretofore. On the intermediate Mondays and Fridays the local magistrates will sit at 11.p.m. Gurnnue or MxNons.-Tho Gazelle .an nounces that BMr. John Holmes, P.Mf., has been appointed the guardian to consent to the mar ringe of minors for the district of Wangaratta. SALE OF TAMINICK STATION.-Messrs. Powers and Rutherford have sold for Messrs. Cowell and Spicer the Taminick and Ovens stations, together with 640 acres freehold land, 14,000 sheep, 100 cattle, 70 horses, the thoroughbred entire horse Rioter, one pure bred Butterfly bull, all improvements on the run, and a lot of implements and furniture to Messrs. M'Vean Bros. The station has not escaped the atten- tion of selectors, but it is still a valuable one, and we hope the new proprietors may become as popular as the previous owners. Mr. Spicer has been the active partner, residing mostly on the run, and his many friends in this portion of the district will miss a jovial, good follow, and an honest gentleman on his departure from the locality. .,?An ATnr AY ELv.cowOs.--TWo vacantcieo have ocourred in the Legislative Assembly- of for Grenville, through the death of Mr:!Pop', or and for Collingwood through the insolve?ncyof Mr. Everard. Already there are a large num ber of candidates offering themselves to fill the . vPoanoies. It is said that Sir John O'Shan- a sassy is to be asked, by requisition, to stand for;Gronvillo, but, according to the, .Ballarat Post, he would not have the ghost of a chance d of being elected. For the ropresontation of Collingwood, Messrs.' Langridgo, Delbridgo, e Mirams and M 'Kean are said to be already ina the field. The writs for the teo;vacant seatn will be issued to day and to- morrow, thait for t Grenville being first. .. Suoerssroo or Lawn RnEoULeOiN?S.-A notice o appears in' Friday's' Gazette to the effect that tie Governor.in.Counsell hasidirected thiat the operation of the regulations of 206th February last, relative to the custody and- issue -of forms of licenses, &o.;, and the collection of amountse and fees in conoention with the alienationjpod occupation of Crown lands will be until thd:lst of October neXt:'- ' ý: . .1..- A l SUecnE MAexr.-Self.destructiou is on the ineteeso in Victoria.. .At. Bllarat:;last weeko Mr. M'Coy, prinoipal of the Ballart .College, anda geotleman.universilly respected commit ted suicide by eutting his throat. . It appears that for some months past he had been.thraont ening to destroy himself, and on the lastoaca sion-about 2 o'oloek in the morning- lie bade his wife and family '! good.bye," saying they would not see him alive again. lie, howoeer, went and laid on his bed, where he was found asleep. At 7 o'clock he got up and.went into the bath-room, ostensibly for the purpose of taking his morning bath; but Mrs.. M'Coy, suspicious of his movements, followed him-:a. a minute or so afterwards, when she was horri a fled to find him with his throat cut from ear to Sear. Medieal aasistance was at once- sought o and obtained, but it proved of no avail, as the. unhappy man died an hour after perpetrating the rash nct. The deceased leaves a family of a six children, the oldest being, about 13.years 1 of ago, and the youngest barely three months. a A man named Breen, a warder in. the Sand hurst gaol, also committed suicide in-a very if determined manner on Wednesday last. The' I deceased for some time past had been indulging in intemperate habits, which led to his being. d reported to the head of the department, and an investigation of his conduct was ordered. d On Wednesday morning Ihodid not got up, and when called refused to rise. Breen was then left till the afternoon, when, as he still: kept e the door locked it was forced open, and lie was y found lying on the bed quite dead. Beside ;him was found a large glass, and from the dregs is found in it traces of strychnine were easily dis. covered, and on further searching the room,, a paper, partially burned, was fouied, marked ," Strychnico, poison." - This, combined with thoappoearance of the deceonsed's body, leaves no doubt of his having poisoned himself. NEw I~soLVENT.r-The Melbourno papers, nnder this heading, place the name of Mr. J. Everard, M.L.A. for Cullingwood. The cause is set down as losses in mining, and losses on, shipments of tea; the liabilities amount to nearly £13,000, and the oas ,s nil. A LASIr.'STALE accident (ways the Porllaaid Guardian) happened about 10 o'clock on tile night of Friday :last to Mrs. Wa tir Brown. .The old lady was making her way into the bakchouso at the rear, adjoining the dwelling. house, without a light, when from some cause she stumbled and fell, and in thofTall the back" part of her head, where the spinal chord joins the skull, came in contnot with.the sshhrp' edge of a saucepan on the floor, and the result was almost instantaneous death." 