UNDER THE WINDOW. BY EAVESDHOPPEB. AN arrival by the Great Britain writes to say that (lie song of a sea dog should be My bark i* ov the sea." and that when the dog arrives at Melbourne, lie can t; bay'"' the moon. A sl(e)ight remark lias been made by a well-known Melbourne undertaker on Hie subject of cremation. He thinks that it will be hard to rob a poor man of bis bier. An exalted ecclesiastic, famous for his humor, is of opinion bishops are never wrsiek, being .w-faring men. that A junior clerk in the Treasury, whose handwriting shows that his liens arc as bad as bis puns, asks " Why a departmental letter resemblesthe coat of the new Minister of the Crown ?"' The reply, we presume, is. that the coat like the letter is on her Majesty's " Service." The Chief Secretary, after the new Ministers Lad been sworn in, wished them li very happy returns," The Herald considers that theatrical people must know something about cricket, as they are famous now-a-days for their l< leg"-hits. Mr. J . I'. Bear, being an absentee, does not work for his Parliamentary pay. and the Jester of the Upper House says, that mischief is Bruin, and that unless Mr. Bear returns, there will be the dickens to pay instead of the absentee. Cremation will for some time to come serve for food for jokers. A discontented ratepayer in the suburbs suggests that the municipal body of his town should be burned, aud their ashes laid along muddy footpaths. A debating club in the suburbs, hard up for a, subject, has fixed upon the following :—" Which would be most appropriate, Diana beiug the wife of an undertaker or a dyer ?" They might put in the doctor, while they are about it. " The Municipal Elections are on and come ojf next Tuesday. Among the people who have recently come bach are a lot of returning officers. In honour of the band that plays in the Fitzroy Gardens, and the band-ditties played, all the young lady visitors wear brigaud hats. An irreverent visitor who was at St. Peter's church last Sunday, remarked that the offertory goes to the minister, and the surplice, if any, to the choristers. The Commissioner of l'olicc thinks that the babies left at the peoples' doors should be regarded as ,s^;-chi!dreu. A good young Templar says that while her mother is in awful dread of ghosts, her father is not afraid of spirits. A case of digital fracture occurred yesterday, a young lady having snapped her fingers at her father. Mr. .Simpson, of saponaceous notoriety, has invented a cement for repairing cracked jokes and. breaches of promise. The glue will cement friendship, repair shattered nerves, and join splitting headaches. 