HIS GRACE OF NAZIANZUS. During the absence of Dr. Vaughan, who is pompously styled by the name heading our article, his friends have been laying to get up some" interest in his favour. There was a great flourish of trumpets at his arrival. The zeal and devotion of the "Catholic body" appeared to be fairly roused to give him welcome, albeit they would have been far more devoted and boisterous had he come from another part of the world than — England. Yet, under all the show of the arrival there was some deceit in it ; notwithstanding the crowds, there was some suppressed feeling in their bosom ; and the thing has been so ferment ing and opposing that at length it has come out in a very singular exposure. The facts seem to be these. A committee of Romanists was appointed to arrange for the arrival of " his Grace," and to collect money to set him off with eclat. A house wa.s to be furnished, a carriage was to be bought, and a pomp was thus to be con- fen- ed upon him becoming his dignity as a "Prince of the church." All this was puffed off with the usual grandiloquence of the Popish organ. But the whole thing was a sham. The committee did get money, but hardly enough to make the welcome respeihie.' A house was indeed furnished, but it was 'on tick. A carriage was got, but it was a loan or a hire ; and so the dignity of the church walked forth in debt, while the faithful were kissing the hand or glove of the representative of the Vicar of Christ, and the chief authority of God in this colony ! But more thain this —the house has len abandoned aiid his Grace has gone to be the " guest of Dr. Forrest." His Grace -has discovered that a cell in St. John's, provided at the ex pense of the State for students, is better than a hired house. Besides that it is suitable as a " centre of Catholicity," it gives shelter for nothing ; and so the grand scheme of a palace and a carriage has collapsed, and his Grace has discovered that the faithful have abandoned him with SI. rinbt. nf £fiOO ! This debt. Father Dillon tells us, " stares his Grace in the face." A very " fine mansion," Father, Dillon tells us, " was placed at his Grace's disposal, £1200 were expended upon it, and only half that sum realized for itj and now " he has abandoned his dwelling and its appurtenances for a simple cell 1" This is a little bit of exposure ; but there is another which Father Dillon lets out as if by accident. He tells us that his Grace, when called upon by the Vicar of Christ to undeitake his duty, had to involve himself in serious expense. The debt of £600 was nothing, which had been thrown upon him by the house and carriage scheme, failing, when compared with the whole debt ijicurred in his coming to his Archepiscopal dignity. Having "entered religion," says Father .Dillon, " his Grace left the splendours of a luxurious home. His patrimony," adds Father Dillon, " belonged to religion from that very hour and therefore Father Dillon lets the public and faithful know that tile cost of his coming to his throne . as a dignitary of the church is no less than £50,000 ! Of course he had to pay for his Archiepiscopal dignity. The Pope gets a large price for these apostolic honors. We read in history of hundreds of thou sands as the bribe of rank and honour in cue cmircn. .a.nnais, costs, lees, <kc., which history tells us used to be given for rank and influence in the church were some thing fabulous. All this, of course, is not simony. It is only fees and doctor's commons. It is the Pope's shai-e of the spoil. When the price is paid it is like the first cost which a merchant pays for a business established. In a couple of years or so the dignitary is reimbursed, and, if not so soon, yet, in the royal dignity and power of the position, he has very good ' interest for the money expended. What we want our Protestant readers to notice is, that there is a vast quantity of sham and make-believe in the grandeur of Popery. It is not all gold that glitters. And what we want our Roman Catholic readers to noticeisthat thescenebehind the screens is not so bright as that which first meets them, but that the grandeur and debt which the church makes necessary for the support of Papal power and pomp fall upon the faithful as a crushing weight. "£1200 must be raised at once to relieve his Grace 3" so says Father Dillon. A truce is proclaimed to all other collec tions until this money is raised. Then, his Grace must have a carriage and horses. It would not be apostolical to deny him a carriage and pair. Everybody knows that St. Peter and St. Paul had both, in every city where they travelled ! And so, ere his Grace returns, the effort is to be made, to show, in the . collection of money, how they "appreciate the gift" which the "Vicar of Christ" has sent them, and who. since his ai'rival. could reneat the words of the ancient Csesar, " Veni, vidi, vici !" His Grace has not yet got so far. Csesar never made such a mistake in his calculations. The renowned conqueror of Gaul would be amazed at the stupid appropriation of his words. The new Ciesar — that is, his Grace of Nazianzus — may be a " very profound thinker he has never yet shown it. He may be a first-class "scholar;" the proof is not to be found in his sermons. He ' may have " practical skill " such as is " found in saints ; " but debt is not a very good evidence of it. The " separated brethren " may be proud of him ; but the reason must be because he thinks aloud and justifies by his old wives fables their separated condition ; for as we have already shown in our past issues, no man, no Protestant, who pos sesses the very elements of truth, or the most ordinary acquaintance with Scripture, would ever feel that in Dr. Vaughan he had anything at all to win him over to the false and ridiculous claims of Popery. Roger Theiay, formerly one of the Puisne Judges of New South Wales, is dead. It 18 strangis tliat people caii reconcile to their own satisfaction the most dogmatic iiMuiance of the Komish CKurch to give absolution of sin and future blessedn, tirith her many services which proceed upon the principle that she is never sure that her assurance is sure. Take the case of the late Captain Fitzsimons, of Balmain, which has been made use of to such In Sent in that small .suburb. When he died the priest spoke of him as an almost perfect character, He had been a '««ood Catholic," and that is about the ihichest testimony which a- priest can bear. He remembered the Church, and that was another virture which covered a multitude .of sins, if he had them. So that, fortified I by the rites of the Church, anointed, I ;absolved, blessed and reconciled he passed I ,avay to that middle state where the few I remaining and unnoticed stains would rspbn be washed or burned out. But, when ' he departed, the Church did more to secure his happiness. First of all, there w a .mass and dirge ; next, there was a eulogium .pronounced by the priest. Next, his grave was blessed with other benedictions and iabsolutions. So that if the Church be -able to give " repose of soul," surely the tsoul of the deceased captain got it. But, -no. The Church declares plainly that she does not believe that the soul is at peace. ;Shegets up what is called a "month's ihind," to ask again that the soul of the . captain may get repose. The priest makes vast preparations for the "process of bringing the soul out of purgatory." He :gets up a bier, put a black cloth over it, casts fresh plucked flowers on it, and goes through the form of sprinkling holy water . and saying piayers. A solemn mass is performed, absolutions are given, and then .the fresh flowers are "religiously gathered," , and " with a delicate gentle thought," they :are given to the widow ! Now, what is the real meaning of all this nonsense and artistic ceremony about the dead? Why all this bowing, scraping, praying, crossing, ab- solving, and eating of the bodand blood of .Jesus Christ? It is surely a confession -.that, notwithstanding the great virtue of the Captain's life, and the great virtue of the Church's sacraments, holy water, iholy oils, and absolutions, the Church does .not feel sure about the repose of the de parted soul ! And then, after the cere monies of the " month's mind," is she a whit more sure of the "repose of soul?" Not one whit ; for the priest will go through the same ceremonies evety month for the next generation, if the money he paid. If the Roman Catholics will con sider this matter they will see the farce, .and they will understand that it is money which makes the difierence between the Captain Avho had a " month's mind " and the hundreds of equally good Catholics who die and never have a " month's mind." Let them consider how the fraud goes on for the sake of money. It it like ; settling an account two or three times I over. Suppose that the fii-st mass and i absolutions — which were paid for — were I .eflective in giving the, Captain repose and I settUng his account with purgatory, what I is the necessity for new masses and abso- I lutions, paid for again ? Siqjpose that the i 'Captain is not in purgatory, why have new si masses to get him out ? , Yes, yes, But, m while the priest does not like to pay his |i|; baker's bill twice over, he does not object that his faithful should pay him three or four times for bringing a soul out of. ; ipurgatory which may be out already ; for he has the device that if the soul intended be out, some other helpless one will get , ? the benefit ! Such is the fraud of bequests r: for raassesybr ever, and of a month's mind 1 ;for nearly sinless saints ! . — — i It will amuse our readers to know tliat I Freeman, backed by " warriors skilled in I modern ecclesiastico-military tactics," is I "perpared to figlit for /its inheritance — Truth, and for his leader — Christ." I 'Tlie colony, therefore, is no\y on the eve of f( great battle. Archbishop Yaughan is to take the first place, with the true cross, -or a small bit of it, on a pole. The other bishops are to follow in ordei', not witli' 1 "cross-bows and iron mailj" but With,' \ <1 torches. All the paupers from; the charitable institutions are to come xt, as they form a considerable body in the country. All the felons and prisoners i set permission fix)m Sir Hercules Kobmson to leave the gaols to take- next because they, too, are a large portion n w tholic fraternity. And, last of ? u with a cart-load of nails, old bones, rags, skulls, and decayed teeth, I vmnted a,s relics of the saints is to advance with his newspaper as the flag or banner ; and, with this gi-eat army, the " skilled warriors in eccle siastico-military tactics," are to go forth conquering and -to conquer; in order i to gain " their inheritance — truth," and to y glorify ; ' their leafier— Chmt ! " We shoulfi lecopimenfi that before ithe war begins Freeman should send for a few. shipments of holy water from the well of Margaret Alacoqiie ; for, besides that such water would be better than Sydney water for quenching the thirat of the "skilled warriors," it might be necessary to miracu lously heal the wounds of those who will fall in the war, that, when the victory is gained, not one of the Catholic host will be dead 1 Nothing but burlesque, answers the ineflable coolness of Freeman when he writes about Truth as the inheritance of the Roman Church, arid about Christ as his leader. Serious argument is out of the question. We know that there have been always people in the world who claim to have truth, and who " hold it in righteous ness." We know that there have always been those who say that Christ is their leader, and who never follow Him. Even Judas, when he kissed and beti-ayed e Saviour, said, " Master, master." Siich is Freeman's kissing, and saying " Master, master." But he is going to fight for truth, that is, for Romish truth, and, as Romish truth is the most perfect scheme of delusion and falsehood, we ai'e certain that his " battling " will be in accordance with the falsehood which he embraces. He is going to battle for " Christ " — this, of course, means the Papal Cluist. But tlie Papal Christ is the Pope, the Antichrist which Paul predicted would come into the world ; and the whole world knows that the battling of the Pope and the battling for the Pope has always been through ignorance and superstition; so that we anticipate that in schools, and other institutions. Freeman and his liierarchical warriors will do their best to uphold the tottering cause of Antichrist. We are well pleased. What we always fear is, not the bold outspeaking of Popery, but its soft and cunning and charitable phrases. We shall never shrink from meeting the skilled warriors of Rome. We are not afraid of the issue when Popish falsehood and Protestant truth get fairly face to face. The readers of the daily papers will have noticed that the priests about Sydney have fallen upon a new plan o raising money for building their schools and chapels. In three or four of the districts of the town they get up Monday evening entertainments which consist of songs, recitations, and other kinds of amusement, in .which sometimes dancing holds its place ; and, as a matter of course, the said entertainments are largely attended by boys and girls who find in them a cheap form of theatrical excitement. We have seen and heard the mobs which come pouring out of the " consecrated places " to this sort of priestly fun and profit. We have read the reports of the songs and amusements ; and we are therefore able to say that in this as in everything else of Rome's tactics the motto is evidently devoutly acted upon — " The end justifies the means." The folks who live in the neighbourhood of that select hall called St. Francis', Haymarket, can always tell when Monday night comes because of the sacred noise which proceeds from the building and from the dispersing crowds. So with the people living at Woollahra, when the ghostly Father of that district held his evening amusements of all sorts for raising money for. his chapel or school. The character of the entertainment was well known ; the people in the neighbour hood regarded the affair as a nuisance, and as a public danger to theii- young people. We see that the select people living in Kent-street are going to be treated to the same sort of game on Monday evenings. The evening somehow or other seems very well chosen. It would not do to have such entertainments on Friday or Saturday evening, because this would interfere with thA saci'ed duties of confession and pay ment of dues; but, when the Sunday is over, and mass has been attended, and the dues, of the past week have been paid, and the old scores of sins of the past week have, been wiped off, then it is well to give spare cash for Monday evening entertain ments, and, in the sort of amusements afforded,' to sho (v the immediate fruit of mass worship . _ and priestly teaching !_ Popery, in its spirit and character, ought to be judged by the' Monday fiin—biit 'is not the profit money ? , , The holy mother, Mary, is very favour able to the Avorld, on the other; side of it, during the month of May. Then it is that the floAvers open, the trees begin to bud, the grass begins to spring, the birds -|)egin to warble, the game begins to come out, and all nature seems to put on a new face. Therefoi'e, say the Roman Avriters and orators, it is a month peculiarly appropriate to be devoted to the honor and service of the blessed moliher, through, whom come, all, the reviving ahd refreshing blessings which the church and the worid need. The classical reader wfll know that such were the very reaisons which Avere assied by the Pagans for devqtihg the month of May to the honor and service of the goddess Mai, from whom indeed the month got the name " Mayf so that the Romish Church simply displaced the goddess Mai and substittited the goddess Maiy, just as they did Avith the statues in the Pantheon, giving a saiiits name to the statue of some heathen god or other, and reconsecrating the statue of J upiter to St. Peter 1 Throughout the other side of the world, for the reasons given, May is Mary's month, and all sorts of vows, devotions, and worship are rendered to her, just as the heathen used to do to the goddess Mai. The chapels are decked with flowers, and the images and pictures of the blessed Virgin receive social adora tion and honoi'. But the heathen invent- ora of May devotions and the Popish imitations, did not know that the world had two sides. They did not know that their beautiful month on their side was a a'ery dreary one on the opposite side of the globe, when their piety and symbolism were wisely arranging flowers and buds and springing flelds as suitably setting off the heavenly favour and love of the blessed mother, they forgot the prose of cold weather, bleak winds, heavy rains, bare trees, falling leaves, dying grass, and the few fiowers, excepting those which may be had from hot-houses, or the wintry species, at this end of the earth. And what now are the Sydney people to say of May as the month 6f Mary ? She is a cold heart less mother indeed. She is either weeping (raining) blustering (high cold winds) or scolding (when thunder storms come.) She is a "AvidoAv," casting Avintry looks upon everything, and , making the men and Avomen protect themselves from her chilling influence by additional supplies of warmer clothing ! The ncAv Electoral Bill has gone up to the " House of Lords " Avith the usual message, and with the unusual hope that the upper chamber Aviil amend the Consti tution which is to regulate the loAver cliambei. This is rather a " turning of the tables " or political " spiritualism" with a vengeance. We have been accustomed to hear the lower House claim the right to dictiite what shall be the character of the "upper House." We have been accus tomed to hear our patriots say that all power ought properly to belong to the loAver House, or representatives of the people ; but now it appears that after a long struggle between the Government Avith their followers and the Oppo.sition party, both sides of the House being dis satisfied with their labours, their successes and failures, have practically agreed to leave the Bill in the hands of the upper House, from Avhose superior wisdom and less biassed passions, it is hoped the Bill Avill come free from its blemishes ! We confess there is deep humiliation in this ackiiOAvledgment that the representatives of the people are on their knees before the hated nominees. These proud representa tives presumed to make a Constitution for the upper House, and tinkered aAvay at it for a very long time ; but when it went to the upper chamber, the nominees voted that they Avould not discuss it, and sent it back with the message that it Avas not competent for the "representatives" to do any such thing. And now, after such a rebuff, those same representatives pro ceed to make an Electoral laAv for them selves, but they bungle and haggle over the Government measure, and amend and tinker it, and make it Averse, to such an extent, that the Avearied and perplexed and incensed representatives appeal to the despised and hated nominees to thrash the Bill into something of a shape ! The nominees m.ay not feel Avarranted to vote this Bill to be sent back to the Assembly. Although this Avould be perhaps the better course, the nominees may probably revenge themselves by coming to the aid of the distressed representatives. Enjoying the fun of the chance to teach the representa tives that they do not know how to arrange elections and distribute electoral; poAver, the nominees may eliminate the defects And , absurdities of the Bill. And truly the lesson Avould be Avorthy of re- . membrance, if those gentlemen who are sometimes spoken of by haughty Ministei-s and politicians, as " persons Avhp never had enjoyed the confidence of the people," should condescend to give their thought and. C';ii'G, apart from the struggles of parties, to the perfecting of this measure, that the new Electoral Bill might, as far as possible, be a fair distribution of the »olitical power of the people. The upper House, we believe, is well able to do this ; and we trust that, although there is strong temptation to decline the thankless task, the ntlemen who have now lossessioh of the Bur will do their best to make it what it should >'be. We hope they will not disturb the clause which deals with "in solvents;" ' It is time that our Parliament should be made something better than a refuge for the destitute— a harbour for' insolvents. It was an absurdity to unseat an insolvent, and then open the door for his immediate return by a new election ; the spirit of the laAV was undoubtedly this, that his character and position should remain under a cloud untilhe should getthe Avhitewash of a certificate from the court. We strongly urge the upper House to adopt the proposal of ' self-registration." The "nominees" will remember that the lower House -wished that electors in the election of " Council members " should be self-regUtered. What was good for the one ought to be good for the other. Much more indeed; is there need for this pro- Adsion and arrangement in elections for the lower House. There is not a doubt that " univei-sal suffrage " needs some such modification as this registration proposes. Ignorant people, unable to read the voting papers, unable to obliterate the proper names in the ballot booth, and who, for the most part, go to the box like cattle driven to the shambles, ought not to be entrusted with the sacred power of a vote in the elections. They are the mere tools of an unseen Rule which could easily be named ; but beyond this, as the police all over the country are the collectors of the lists, and as a large majority of those police collectors are Romish serfs, the fact Avill be in the future as it has been in the . past, very Avell known in many districts, that the lists are manipulated to serve a purpose, the most extraordinary omissions coming to light when they cannot be sup plied, and the most extraordinary entries being discovered Avhich give abundant room for dead men. The recent election at Gulgong and Mudgee, when Mr. O'Connor was returned, is a proof of Avhat can be done by certain arrangements and use of the electoral lists. No doubt it will be said that there is notice given that per sons may see Avhether or not their names are entered. But this is no reply, and it does not touch the evil existing. Thousands never know of this notice ; thousands will not be troubled to make enquiry ; thou sands are unable to tell, when the lists are put into their hands, Avhether or not their names are there ; and then, by proper management, in a Avide and changing and scattered district, there is little check for the dead men. But insist upon self- registration, and then those who value th« poAver will take care that they have it ; and, if a shilling or half-a-croAvn be charged to meet expenses, the temptation will be reduced to nearly a minimum to certain parties to register false or doubtful names ; in fact, dead men and changing men will not register at all. If universal suffrage is to entitle the people to have power in' the State, let this be so ; but do your best to knoAv who " the peoiile " really are,, and deny the poAver to eveiy other. , , i Freesiax has been boasting bif ' the glorious hierarchy Avhich is growing and strengthening in these colonies. He tells lis that the Roman Chiu-ch is the';" church militant — that it is an army in an eiiemy's country— r-that it has no truce,- is neA'er ,at peace, is ever at Avar, because while , in the world it is not oj it ?" And he' adds that, " like the Avorld's armie.s, the church's Aveapons and tactics change." The first ; statement is the, cool and impudent claim repeated which has been disproved, and is disproved by the logic of facts around, for the ten thousandth time. The Roman : Church is the only church in the world ! That she has been a c\mYc\i militant is quite true,; for .some of her Popes have known more about spldier-s, Avars, horses, poAvder and sAvordsithan a;bout morality or spirituality. It is cpiite true that she is " ever at Avar," and " never at, peace," for, ' unless Avheii she could not help herself, she has been the great disturber of Europe for ages past ; ' and ic is not her fault at the in- e-sent; day, thfit the nations of Europe are not combined to make a shambles of ! the city of Rome in brder to uphold the : Avorldly ' power of the Holy Father ! Audacity ' could not go farther than this- " The Roman CJhurch Avhile in the Avorld is not of it." What falsehood' is more palpable than this ? Christ's real church . —that is, his "body" of believing men and women, justified by his blood andirf sanctified by his .spirit, is so, — "in' the Avorld hutivot of it ;" but to say that'tiiis ' true of that conspu-acy against all l.bjV; and freedom and truth in the world Avh !i long has had its head quarters at Roiue-- true of that Roman Comt Avhich has bbeii; ' for ages the most coiTupt and tyrannical of ill the cburia of of'pim of that ' foul conclave . vrhich has had: inquisitions, dungeons, secret police,' bandits, bribery and simonyanddebaucheiy at its back as its instruments, of power and oppression— surely, this is an insult tO' the common' sense of . mankind, and is to declare thut there is no such thing as truth in the world ! If there be a worldly, insti tution on this earth an institution w;hich ia of tlie world — upheld by worldly means — and aiming at wordly results, it is beyond all question the Roman Church. The glory which she has, -and the glory which, she seeks in wordly power, worldly pomp, worldly greatness, woi-ldly pleasure , her.bishops are the very impersonations, of : worldly haughtiness and grandeur. Give them grand dresses, grand cathedi-als, gold mitres, precious stones, massive rings on their fingers, magnificent houses and gardens, vast sums of money, numer ous servants, the best horses to be bought, splendid liveries, royal carriages ; and, when thus set out with all the decking of luxury and pride, how nobly do they walk to be seen of men ! One would think that they are more than royal ! Just look at those meek and heavenly men, the Cardinals, when hanging in gmudeur, and walking in i state to the church to eat the body of Jesus Christ and drink his blood. See their glittering gold and precious stones, their red hats, their red cloaks, their shining shoes, their royal trains, their rich cloth and fine linen. See their caparisoned horses waiting outside, their gorgeous equi pages, and their fantastic footmen. See their gorgeous tables, ladened Avith every thing Avhich money can purchase, silver plate, splendid wines and magnifirent . luxirvies ! Look at all these things, which are the things whicli distinguish these princes of the church. Don't they demon strate that the church is in the world, but not of it ! Don't they tell of the heavenly self-denial of these godly beings ! Don't- they look well side by side with the squalid filth and abject poverty of those poor creatures who form the sheep of the church ! To go into the cellar of a Cardinal, or an Archbishop, or a Bishop, and see what is laid up for the " soul " there, and then to go to the cabins of these. 1)001' creatures Avho kiss the hem of the garments of those princes, is very edifying and convincing that the Cardinals are the undoubted successors of the Apostles, and the "servants of Jesus Chiist!" We do not intend to ask Freeman if these are the hiei-archical proofs that the church is " Mi the world and not of it but we do a)peal to the common sense of our Roman Datholic colonists and readers to answer this question. Is the paper which Avill thus tell hes and mislead the people, in a matter which is plain and palpable to everyone's eyes, to be trusted in things which are out of sight X A SuAJt Knight. — The Hi/dnci/ Morninri JlcraJd announces the investiture of a Popish knight of St. Gregory the Great in the pro- cathedral, according to the Itoinan Pontificate. Of course the whole thing is a sham. There is no noiiereiffn Pontiff. The Herald tells us it is against law to wear the badge, or to accept the title "Sir" — and yet the poor deposed Pope chooses to pretend that this is part of his domi nion, and gets his agents to invest a knight ! The truth is, the Popish hierarchy have degen erated into a set of Barnnms — mere showmen. .Every opportunity is caught and inserted to produce a show, and to make money by it, and that which induced them to get singers and a procession, &c.;, in Brisbane lately, admission one guinea, induces them to announce a grand investiture of a knight of folly, according to the Komau Pontifical. Here is an extract from said Pontifical, which Avill give an idea of the farce. The Pontifex, while the receiver kneels, shall sprinkle the sword with holy water, and having put on his mitre, shall deliver it to him saying; "Keceive the sword, in the name of the Father, (cross) and of the Son, (cross) and of the Holy Ghost, (cross) and use it for thy defence, and for the defence of the Holy Church of God, and to the confusion of the enemies of -the Cross of Christ, and of the Christian faith," iic. What "the cross," "the Church," and -"the Christian" faith have come to mean in .Papal phraseology Are have too well learned. On delivering the sword, the Pontifex also says, " Gird thee, Avith thy sword upon thy thigh, O thou most mighty ! " So we perceive that the Popish Prelate is not ashamed to glorify Mr. pfennings in language addressed by the Psalmist -to the MK.s.siah. The same SAVord is directed to be used for the defence of Avidows, orohans, and all the holy from the assaults of Pagans and HEFKfics. History would rather see the necessity of preserving them from, the assaults of the Inquisition, the dungeons, or the horrible slaughter of the Papal mercenaries. 