THE HON. HENRY PARKES. IENItRY I HENRY I Once again you are the creature of circumstances. The time has. come at last when your supreme dictatorship has, at all events, received a cheek. You certainly have had a long innings, ald have stood the Opposition bowling well; but the honourable member for Bathurst has Southerton-likre, put the " screw on," and, you have been ' clean bowled.' What shall we do now ? Shall we don sackuloth and besmear ourselves with ashes ? Shall we recommend public mourning, and shed a few croeidile tears? Shall we cut ourselves with glass, and brand ourselves with" Parkes"upon the breast ? I fear not. But what, is to become of the " people's pot ?" Will he trot after H. ii. Hall, and do the stumping business again, or will he not rather take up his future residence in the city of London, and become Agent General in the room of Sir Charles Cowper, who, I regret to hear, is invalided? Sir Jamnes Martin can now look upon his quondam opponent with some degree of commiseration. You see Henry is "down," and the Chief can afford to be magnaninmous, and will no doubt address a letter of-condolened to hirs " Dear Parkes." But what have we in reserve for the 20th? Take my word for it, there is a surprise in store for the House, and how honourable members would stare if the Colonial Scoretary were to announce that, in view of all the circumstances of the ad versevote, his Excellency the Governor had declined to accept the resignation of ,the Ministry. Believe me, Mr. Parkeas is not to be got rid of so easily, and I will venture to assert that when he feels sure that his poli tical doom is sealed he will retire gracefully into some snug billet. Can we blame him for this? I say, "No." We have numerous precedents for such a proceeding, and the feathering of one's nest is the acme of all political sapiratiori, Of course, we are told frotm the hustings that Parliamentary candi dates would scorn to accept Government appointments. N~o. gentlemen; thle wy .to be elected for the sole prpr ,oi :g their adopted o"u'.trv they. are no place hinters. Ajnd'havenzt their words been true thmo letter?. Certainly-over the left. What have we in Bathurst to thank Mr. Parkes for ? Where is our long-promised railway line ? Where are our publhc build ings? Where are all the promisee so lavishly bestowed upon us by a much-abused Premier ? Echo answers, " Where ?" Will the defeated Minister take'my advice, which-I now hive him free, gratis, for nothing F Go home, Mr. Parkeas, as Agent-General, and relieve your former friend, Sir Charles, from duties which are said to be too much for him. Have nothing to do with San Francisco mail contracts; for get the Kiama ghost; renounce your first ap pearance with the celebrated Bunch work well for a country 'that has paid you liberally, and you may yet live to earn the gratitude oP many who 'at the presenxt time :don't - qdlt, ?cotton' to you.--BathArirt Tmines. - 