THE MUFF CRICKET MATCH. Our readers will have seen advertised for the past few days 'that on Easter Monday iihere ;-j®uld be 'a 'Fancy Costume Muff Cricket Match' on the Oval, and accordingly on 'Mon day morning the fun commenced. The playnrs represented. Salem Scudder (Captain); Clown, Nigger, Claude Melnotte, Wahnottee, Dromeo, Matadore, ; Man-of-Waraman, Dancing Mad, O'Oallaghan, and Paul Pryi on one side ; and 1MV»rk1ticit*iTi1iAiAa Vrion^oinl 7TaT*iA/VTiin Static,* Marc Antony, Jack Sheppard, Touchstone/ Prussian. Uhlan, Admiral, Rob Roy, Policeman, and the Earl of. Essex on the other. The umpires chose the characters of Hamlet's Ghost (?) and Richard III., as being most suitable to their positions. The match, if such it may be called, commenced by ' the team captained by Saleat -Soudder' going'to the wicketsj the representatives being the Olowa and Paul Pry, the latter being soon caught out, but as he objected, to retire, another ball was given him, which took his stumps. The game was played with such an absence of ad hesion to. the laws of the. game that it is posi tively impossible to describe it as a match. The vagaries of the clowns, the peculiarly insane gambolllngs of the individual styling himself 'Dancing Mad,' the inqulsitiveHess of ' Paul Piy ' togetner with the. misfortunes which persisted in overtaking the ' PolloFman* in his endeavors to keep tbe peace, made up such a scene as we suppose was never witnessed befereonasouffc Australian cricket-field. It caused an immense amount of laughter amongst the visitors.. There was no doubt that the players intended to make a burlesque of the game, and in this intention they perfectly suc oeeded. Our observation leads us to believe that there was a rale that each player should remain in a specified time and then retire, as all were given out in regular order as they went is. It was a matter of very . little moment whether the stumps were down, or the ball caught, if the tima was up the batsman had to retire, and if not, he remained at the defence whatever accident befell . his wicket. Of course, in such a game as this, it was a simple matter of impossibility to keep any score. Getting runs seemed to be the lastjthing necessary, and no one seemed to care whether they were obtained or net. Another peculiar feature iu the game was that eash man as he came out went into the field ; so that while those who wielded the willow first had only a field, of eleven to contend against,, the later batsmen had from 15 to 20. This, however, all added to the funj and as it was peculiarly a matter of taste with any fieldsman whether he stopped the ball or not, it did net so much matter.. -The -get-up, was, on the whole, fair ; but it. must be remembered that fancy dresses are maae tor evening wear, ana caudle-light will hide a good deal i hat the light of the sun exposes. There was a very large attendance on the ground, there being at least 2,000 present : and as the proceeds are to be devoted towards the improvement of the Oval, we trust that agood roundsum willbe placed to the credit of the Association. Hii Excellency the Governor visited the ground during the afternoon, and remained a short time- wit nessing the game'. Sohrader's Band was in attendance and played' a number of airs. Altogether the affair was a complete success, and caused a vast amount of amusement, -every, one that we heard speaking of it expressing himself as perfectly satisfied with his. after noon's sport. 