TOPICS OP THE DAY In conseqaenco oE a pressure on onr space, wo havo been compelled to hold ovor the usual article on "Our Industries." In tho fourth page will bo found the Voice of tho ruipio. Mr. P. O'Brien's adjourned meeting will be held at the Athanmum Ball this evening. He will addrcBS the electors of East Mel bourne at eight o'clock. We notico Irom our advertising columns that Mr. Sichel's meeting, which was to havo been held at St. Patrick's' Hall on "Wednes day evening is postponed until Tuesday, 7th April. Mr. Sichel will, however, address the electors of Wost Melboumo, at Weber's Assembly r001n8i tc-morrow overling. Mr. Gillies speaks to-night at Maryborough, He went up by tho midday train this day to Castlemaiue. Tho hon. gentleman will not havo much time to sparo on his jour ney. In tho County Court to-day, beforo his Honor Judge Cope, John Careo, a oarpenter, sought to recover £49 damages from Goorge Davidson, cordial manufaoturer, for injuries sustaiuod to his daughter, Jessio Carse, a little girl oE thirteen years of age, through neg ligent driving on tho part of tho defoudant. On tho 3rd of April last tho girl was going to Emerald Hill, and was takon up on tho way by a man named Masters, who was driving a spring cart. Between tho culvert under the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay rail way lino and Emorald Hill, tho defendant, who was driving a horse and buggy in tho samo direction as Masters was going, ran his vehicle into tho spiing cart. The girl sus tained concussion of tho brain, and was under medical treatment for fivo months. Tho dofenoe was that tho spring oarb was drawn up suddenly before tho defendant had timo to pull hiB horso aside. The defendant did not deny that ho had had somo drink boforo tho cccurronco took place. His Honor gave a verdict for tho plaintiff, damages £20. Mr. G. P. Smith appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Quinlan for tho defendant. Tho Sandhurst gold returns for tho week amount to over 4000oz. Tho dividends aro fully fair, £5G50, and tho calls, though heavy, do not approach them by £9S5 10s, being £4GG4 10s. Tho protest entored by Mr. Fisher against Hans Breitmann has not yot been oonsidored by Iho stewards of tho Ballarat Turf Club. There was a good deal of talk amongst betting mon in regard to tho matter on Saturdsy, and tho general opinion was that tho stewards could do nothing now that tho stakoa had been paid ovor. Mr. Charles Lasoelles has again boon at work with his faoilo pencil in caricaturing. ThiB timo ho has hit off Mr. J. R. Grovillo, the popular oomodiau, and tho littlo pioturo can bo seen at Beaumont's window, in tho Royal \rcado. Mr. Grovillo is dopictcd in his fave ite character of Piscator, angling for broam c it of a punt on tho Saltwater River. Tho pn once of about half a score of mos quitoes a out tho nose of tho comedian makes hiB visag i assumo one of its most tragical aspects. Mr. Audley Cooto, as will bo known to our (Sydniy Evening Nows) readore, has, for somo ,imo past, reprosonted a largo lirm of contractors in England, namely, Messrs. Siomons Br-thors, who aro now constructing a railway ae ass Tasmania for tho Tasmanian Government., It will also ho in recollection that, in Fol -uary last yoar, ho (Captain Cooto) submitiad, on behalf of his prinoipals, to tho repre intatives of Now South Wales, Queoni and, and Now Zealand, attending tho ntorcolonial Conforonco, a proposal for tho i onstruction of a submarino cable from Now, Zealand to tho noighhur- hood of Sydney (Broken Bay was montionod) to bo connected by tho land linos now in oporation between Sydney and Norinantown, in tho northern part- of Queensland, thenoo to be takon up by a submarino cablo, running botween Java and Bo neo, up tho Java Soa to Singapore, and from thoro along tho Malay Peninsula to Monlmeii\ whore it would join the Hindoo European Telegraph Company's wire, and conncot with Kugland. This pro posal was submitted, and a provisional agroo- ment was entered into by . ho representatives of tho thrco colonics, stipulating to guarantee an interest of fivo per cent, upon ono million sterling. It was calculated that tho telo- graph would oost a quarter of a million more, on which there would bo no , uarauty. Then tho agroomont grants £12,000 por annum on thorecoipts of tho telegraph to cover working oxponsoB, nudall receipts aho.'o that £12,000 aro to bo applied in reduction of tho guaran teed interest. But if tho »r llits should bo largo enough to pay tho wholo of tho guaran teed intorost, thou tho conduotors will retain tho receipts in excess of that guaranty ; while, should tho profits so retained amount to more than tan per cent, upon tho outlay, tho Governments may require that all tho snm above that amount bo applied towards roduciug the obargo for mossagcB. Tho agrcomont stipulates also that tho cost of messages of twenty words botweon No Zealand and Now South Wales shall not cxcoed 15s, tho chargo for each word abov twonty not to exceed 9d. Tho cost ftam Normantown to Singapore for twouty worZ shall not exceed 40s for tho first two yearo and 35s afterwards ; tho obargo for oach word abovo twonty being 2s. Queensland under takes to koop tbo land lino to Normantown opon to other contributing colonics at rates not to oxcood 7s por twenty words. Th Govornmonts of tho three oolonios are" to act in unison, and jointly to arrange all details Tho Parliaments of Now Zealand and Queens laud havo ratified tho agreement, and Mr" Audloy Cooto waited upon tho Colonial Secretary (tho Hon. Honry Parkes) a day or two ago to asoertain whon tho Now South "Wales Government would submit tho acres! mont to Parliament for ratification. Tho proposat is likely to bo brought beforo Parliament on an early day, as tho papers relative to conditions for, and construction of tho lino of intended communication havo been laid before Parliament by command of his Excotlcncy. Tho vory handsome three year old roan bull General Hopewell — Imported — the property of Mr. M'ICinuon, of Billabong, was dis. patched to Sydnoy to day by tbo oteomsr Maeodon. Ho is to compoto for tho prizes at tho forthcoming agricultural show in tho sister colony. Tho bovino General was nooommodated with very comfortablequarters in oloso proximity to tho thoroughbred horses. Tho stoamor was to havo loft at twolvo o'clock, but owing to tho quantity of cargo, principally potatoes, to bo shippod she did not get away till somo timo nftor that hour. A letter from Dunedin says:—" Tho Royal English Opera Company at tho Princess's Theatre has boon ono of tho greatest sue. ceeses in this city for many years— at least that's what tho papers say. Some fow years baok Mr. R. P. Whitworth, who was thon on tho Dunedin press, produocd a version of Tho Grand Duahcss of Gerolsteiu, and this seems to havo whet tho appetites of tho people for tho opera itself. Thoy had it tho othor night. It was a "palpable hit," and was played to crowded houses for somo nights after. Miss Alico May as tho Grand Duchess, and Mr. Henry Hallam, by their snperior talents, carried everything before them. Mr. G. B. Allen is, of course, the conductor, Mons. Floury tho loader, and Alfred Anderson maestro al piano. Tho company luciuues jl. n. ju ronton, i;. jq_ Templeton, H. Vernon, C. Lester, Wilkinson! and William Evans ; Miss E. Lambert, Miss Floreneo Howo, Miss Lester, Miss Amy Johns, and Miss Wheeler, with Miss Hattie Sheppardo (Mrs. Henry Hallam) as stage directress. Tho othor operas performed up to this havo boon La Sonnambula, Bohemian Girl, Tbo Lily of Killarney, aud Tbo Daughter of tho Regiment. Miss Sheppardo has re- reived several excellent offers to appear in dramatlo piceon in sovoral parts of Now Zealand, hut as yot has not accepted any engagement." That very popular institution tho South Melboumo Literary and Debating Society provides a great variety of mental food for its numerous members, it has evenings devoted to tho disenssion of prominent poli tical subjeots, engrossing public attention, notably, federation, payment of members, j law and criminal reform ; oveninga devoted 1 to readings and elocutionary practice, and parliamentary nights, when tho forms of our own assembly aro adopted. Last Thursday evening was occupied by tho reading of a paper, by Mr. E. F. MacalliBter, tho chair man, on " Embezzloment, its Cause and Cure." Mr. Maoallistor led off by defining the word embezzlement, and stated that ho would exclude forgers and others, merely including thoso guilty of theft, and as sorted that tho principal causes of tho evil arose from tho laxity of omployors, in not providiog sufficient ohcok upon those in their employ, by tho want of proper means adopted by shareholders ond managers, ond directors, of public companies ; by the cupidity and ignorance of tho public in not first ascertaining tho solvency of inducement hold out for their investment, and by tho inadequate remuneration in many instances, paid to tho persons holding positions of trnst. Mr. Macallister charged managers, employers, and otherB, iu allowing those in thoir employ to live beyond their incomes. Tho essayist denounced trado swindles, business puffs, adulteration, &c.;, as all tend ing by imitation to encourage and perpetuato tho evil, and warmly blamod thoso who uso religion, and position in connection with public and charitable movements as a cloak to cover their crimes. As a euro for embez zlement, tho essayist urgod that employers should nxercise proper supervision ovor thoss undor their control, and not to place undue temptation in tho way, for howover honest many persons may be, thcro aro occasions when those having the most scrupulously honest intentions, if undue temptation is placed in tho way, will lead to peculation. In conclusion, Mr. Macallister urged his follow mombors to avoid small evil begin nings, to encourage moderate habits of living, aud to preserve a high degreo of integrity and moral rootitudo. A very animated discussion followed tho rending of tho papor. Mr. J. M. Poeblos, tho well-known spiritist, appearB to bo not ovor and above pleased with his reception and vieit to tho Australian colonies, as on his reappearance in different parts of tho United States, ho spoke of tho people in vory bittor terms. Hairing a lecture upon his travels in Australasia, India, Egypt, and Faleslino, which ho gave lately at tho Musio Hall, in Boaton, ho deprecated in no measured languago " tho fearful spread of in- fidolity in all parts of tho Australian colo nies and almost in tcarB stated " that bis visit had not been by any means a profitable ono." Can this lattor cause bo tho effect in Mr. Peebles' mind of " tho fearful spread of infidelity." A private communication from tho well- known theatrical agents, Messrs. Sheridan, CorbyD, and Co., of San Franoisco, to a gen tleman in this city, has the folio wing in reie- ronco to " show business — " Wo aro think ing of sending out to your parts, oarly in the next year, Professor Yanok, tho great deeapi- . tator and olootrioian, with a splendidly got up cycloramn, and also ono of tho greatest novoltios yot scon in America. Professor Faher's wonderful talking machino, which iB oapable of giving sounds and uttoranoes ox- aotly resembling the human voice, speaking in any languago, and imitating exactly tho motion of tho tonguo, mouth, lips, and jaws. Yanok will bo bound to make a success, and tho talking machino will wako your pcoplo up J a fow." j A ghost story (writes tho Maryborough Standard) is a not unfitting sequel to the Jato Bung Bong tragedy. A correspondent givos I tho circumBtancos as nearly as possible as ; thoy wero told him Somo ton days since, three men, residents of Bung Bong, being out on huslnoBs, and having occasion to pass close by thosceuo of tho lato horrors, saw distinctly four persons (a man and four children), whom thoy instantly rocognisod as tho suieido aud his family, approach tho houso and enter, or appear to ontor, by tho door. All tlireo saw tho apparition, and romnrkod to each othor on its singularity: Thoy thon triod tho door, and finding it securely looked, departed to thoir homos sadly and silently, fully impressed with tho belief that they had seen a ghost — or, rather, four ghosts. I Should tho woathor prove favorable a very pleasant evon'mg may :ho spent to morrow night on tho .South Mulbonruo Cricket Ground at a moonlight concert for tho bene fit of tho Emorald liill Benevolent Asylum, and no doubt it will bo vory largely attended. Tho programme drawn up consists entirely of part songs, choruses, and band musio, These will bo supplied by a vocal glco party ; tbo Metropolitan Licdortafol, the members of tho South Melbourne Philhnrmonio Sooiety, tho South Melboumo Musical Union, and tho Emorald Hill Artillory Band. That popular nator, Mr. G. R. Ireland, who has for so many yoars dono yoomaus duty in tho dramatio profession in Meliiourno, is to tako a farewell benefit at tho Theatre Iloyal to-morrow evening. As Mr, Ireland puipo:oi sailing for Europo in tho course of I three weeks or a month, and is not likely I to appear again in Melbonrno, at least I for a very lengthened poriod there will, no I deubt, be a Btrong do- ire on the part of all I old playgoers, who have watched his gradual I nroeross in his profession, to testify their I anoreoiation of his abilities by witnessing his I last performance on the boards where ho I has done so much for their amusomont and I Instruction for yoars past. In England, Mr. I Ireland is sure to meot with a congonial fiold I for tho display of his talonts, and thoro are I ny hero who oonfidontly prodiot for him a I successful career in tho old country. Thoso I who are not ao_ sanguino aro not loss I -ealous in their wishoB that it may bo so. I Some disappointment has boon folt at tho I programme solooted. It had boen hoped I that beforo leaving tho oolony Mr. Ireland I would have given a Melbonrno audience his I exposition of Hamlot. Ho has -played tho I charaotor olHowhoro, and tho poriormanco I baa been spokenjoff in tho highest terms, but I Melbourne people aro apt to roly solely I on their own judgment in theso matters, I and especially in roforonco to tho merits of I any Shakosporian aotor. Consequently thqro I was a very general dosiro to witness tho I Hamlot of such a genoral favorite as Mr. I Ireland. It seoms, howovor, that it is not I bis fault that tho desire of his friends is not I to bo gratiOod. Ho wished to play Hamlet I for his boncfit in accordance with a very -renorol request, bnt had to succumb to cir- I cumstancos. It wouid cortasnly have boon I moro graceful had tho wish of an old profos- I gional, who isabout to leavous.beonaooeded to, I instead of objections boing thrown out. Tho I bill provided is, however, n very good 0110. I Jhe entortainmont will oommenoo with tho I screen scene from the School for Scandal, I with Mr. Georgo Coppin as Sir Pater Teazlo I and Mr. Ireland as Charles Surface. This I will bo followed by Bioheliou with I Mr; Fairolough as tho cardinal, and tho I beneflciaire as Adrion do Mnuprat. Mr. I Fairolougb's Kiohelieu has been universally I pronounoed to bo his most successful doli- I neation. This is a bill that should please all I classes ; bnt etill overyono will regrot that I they wcro not allowed an opportunity of I witnessing Mr. Ireland's Hamlot. I Ferrari's comic opera Pipolo was prodncod I at tho Opera Houso on Saturday evening, I and notwithstanding tho dampness of tho I weather, thero was a good attendance in all I parts of tho auditorium, particularly so in I tho dress oirclo. Pipolo has boon so well I produced by Messrs. Lystcr and Cagli on I previous ocoasions, and the light and spark- I ling music running through the work is so I well known to tho Melbourne people, that it I requires an artiBt of sterling ability not only I as an aotor, but a vocalist, to undertake I the character of, tho Porter of Paris, snoooss- I fully. Signor Baldassaro mado quito a hit I in tiia character, and was so delightfully I fanny throughout tho performance, chieily I in tho drnnkou soeno with Madeline (Signora I JIagi), that ho fairly convulsed tho house I with laughter. Taking tho charaotor from I first to last wo have no hesitation in saying I that it is tho best rendering of tho part I that haB been produced upon tho boards I oi a. Molbourno theatre, and that is I saying a groat deal when wo remember I the extremely clover performance of Signor I Grandi. Signora Magi played and Bung the I music allotted to Madeline with considerable I taste and spirit, and was frcqnontly applauded I during the progress of tho opera. Our old I favourite Signora Coy was aloo as successful I as Iligalotta. Signor Dondl and Signor I Tournorio contributed in no small degree to I the success of Pipolo by their rending of Don I Jscopcu and Cabriare. Tho opora will bo I played again to morrow night, and this even. I ing Faust is in the bills under tbo patronage I of His Excellonoy Charles Du Cans, Governor I of Tasmania. I Tho Cosmopolitan Variety Troupe, who I woro porforming a few weeks ago at tho I Apollo Hall, made tbeir reappearance on I Saturday night to a very good house, can- I sldering tho state of tho weathor. Tho I entertainment was of a variod character, and I seemed to bo highly appreciated by tho I audience. 