ODD FELLOWS' HALL. \ THfV-ilELLUINGi'fllS. 'J'he Odd Fellows' Hall.was (!woll attended last evening, lmtliot, bettor , 'than jthe; highly taloiitcil ' cnmpanyjs, vVariod eiitortaiiimcnt deserved, The programmo in all its details wa« adriiirably'icarriedt:outj 'hill 'fiill1 jnstico done to ench of its .published,, itonm. It is now soiiio !fi'vb years since this talciit'o'd 'family of tho Lynohesf^i8ited:llpbart .Town, and1 tho improvement in their artistic merits is vory conspicuous! '^As bcllringcrs, -wo havo. mot hcard.thcir superiors in the 'colonies, ami wo are luiitu certain they would maintain a high: rank ovonJambngl tlie hibst 'accom- plished artists in this peculiar inode of pro ducing harmony. Tlie ' evening's entertain ment opened by nn overture executed on tlio pinuqCurto in his usunlifinishcdstyle hy Mr, Crpwhurst, which, wa« followed by,,tho boll fiugera, who appeared to takp thoir .audience by surprise, so 'triily and adniirably'did they render, tho 'iiElfln 'Waltz, -mid 'nilneniiontly the Grand Maroh fromNornia.; This part of the programme, finished to the gicat satisfac tion of the audience, Mr. Keclcy introduced himself in ono of his well-known characters, and', as. usual,, made, large requisitions upon tho risible properties of ovcry biib present. Indeed, some of the, impersonations of .tliis ahiusfng'nctor 'VveVo' bvorp'oweriugly,., laugh- able, and wo do not rcmemhbr to have wit nesscd so.,many::liilnriousi:faoes among any assemblage of our oitizqns,.gathcrod: together for amusement, for many a day ns wore to be Been whilo' lib' wiis'gbt.ting1 through' tho iniini tablo ' bnrlcs(|ue it ? ' Father' Crime Home,'- and for the privilege of witnosaing this part of the prngrainino nlono, ,wo are satisfied no . one present would linve* considered the price of admission Mnisspcnt. Among tho most charming specimens of their softly melodious art, 'vLinooln's March,'; as /played) at tho funeral of the murdorcd and; tlio great Prcsi-' dent, tho ' Last Itoso of Summer,' ' IlomcSweet, Homo,' .and tho ever fresh ' Aiild Lang'Syiio,' wero peculiarly attrac tive, and elicited sympathetic expressions of delijj]it.ifrnin every .part of tho room. ^ ,Wu, may bbsorve that '. Lincoln's ; March ' and ' Nao Luck abolit tho House;' were played on tho i stand .bells— thb .' instruments ' being hung in rows as , if from a rack, , and strnck by rbds'riibved'by the performers. The clock bells cbustitutb' nhothor mode of producing, cbinpaiiied, as' they wore, by accordions, hichly pleasing effects woro the result. 'My Grandfather's Farm Yard,' is a phase of comic iiiipcrsonaation we do not rcinoinbcr to , havo.evbr witueHsod on ' any' previous1 'occ'ii-' sion, and judging by tho '? merriment excited among the spectators and listeners, ? it pr.or, misbs to hb'a'inost popular itein in any pro gramme where a lilaco is assigned to it. Oif the whole, wo can heartily, commend the bellringcra to tho patronage of our citizens, who, we havo not the least doubt, will avail themselves of every opportunity to enjoy n treat that is seldom within their reach. The various uiro wero rendered with striking fidelity and a consummate appreciation.' of their beauties ; mid nothing could be more enjoyable than the delicious ami soft streams of harmony which the artistically executed manipulation of tho liolls brought forth. Wo expect to soo a vory much larger attendance than even that which witnessed the opening night on ovory . occasion that the Lynch family iuvito tho public to spend nn '' evening nt homo' with them at the OiM Follow Hall. Tho concluding fnrco oxhi hibitod Mr. Koeloy aa a ?' nigger' in a state of woeful dilapidation, so far ai his wardrobe w .is displayed, but, abundantly provided with sfilf confidence, and not wanting in 'door- way' to his stomach. Ho was, to all anncar nucea, incapable of controlling hit, nervous system in tho presence of ghosts, and to: this detect in his physical organisation, which was' manifested in various supremely ludi , crous ways, he owed the filial dropping of the icurtaiu, out of mercy, wo presume, to the poor '(nigger's' constitutional .wbnknesa. Altogether the ontertainmont was an enjoy able one, and wo wiah the bellringcra every success. .' ,:.'?;??? ?'? '? - Tho saino performance will again ho pro* sontod this oveuing. ? ,;.; . Lady Bowen and family loft Mel bourne on September 8 for Venice, iii tho ?B.M.S.S, Nubia. ,':,?.,.- |Hollow»y's sontenco for the Para, niatta murder lias been commuted*. to imprisonment for life. .-, ', il il :' '. ,;|;;:''- :?.:':?..??. .£^':'::C»J^ 