THE COMMERCIAL SECTS. communicated. j From an analysis of the various sects ' and their progeny that have existed during the last 1,800 years, and more especially during the last 300 years in Great Britain- — that happy hunting groun dof themeetingers — it appears that their average existence is about double the life of man ; say about 60 or 70 years, or an existence similar in duration to commercial firms and trading corpora tions, and verifies the saying of Gamaliel — " If this work be of man it will come to nought, but if it be of God ye cannot overthrow it." The Catholic Church has endured from generation to generation ; the sects spring into existence and vanish period ically, the one being of God and the other of earth earthy ; so that the best laid schemes of men and meetingers endure only for a couple of genera- f tions. Even those sects that have com menced under the most auspicious cir cumstances, with new and approved principles for durability, have, after a few years, shown signs of decay. For example, take the leading sect in England, " The Methodist Society," and in Scotland iC The Kirk," and their history has all the characteristics of " Little Bethel " or u Zion Chapel." Mr. Wesley laid the foundation of the " Methodist Society " with great tact and foresight. He had all the property of the society vested in trustees appointed by the Court of Chancery, and conferred upon them absolute power, to be exercised with the utmost secrecy, which is continued to this day ; and the only other injunction of Wesley's that is still strictly enforced is the weekly and quarterly contributions, without which you cannot be a Wesleyan. For the last 20 years the yearly returns show a steady decrease in num bers, but not from deaths, for on an average not more than one-third of their numbers die Wesley ans, and in some places their deathrate is as low as nine to a thousand. But the decrease is caused by desertions ; about two-thirds leave the society in their lifetime. They receive large additions to their ranks yearly, mostly young people of both sexes, who are induced to join the society by the many opportunities that are afforded them with a view to matrimony; but owing to the low morality that exists it often leads to disastrous consequences. The Scotch " Kirk " was a sect of Calvinistic Presbyterians, who had little of the honest fanaticism of the Cove nanters, but were rich in cant and hypocrisy, like the English Puritans and the present Emperor of Germany. They were established and endowed by Dutch William, mainly to support whig principles, and carry on his " bluidy wark" against the loyal adherents of the ancient faith and crown of Scot land. Like the religion of Mahomet, it was truly the religion of the sword, and therefore a fit instrument for Dutch William and the Hanoverian sovereigns to enforce decrees of plundering and murdering, which were executed with ferocity and unrelenting cruelty which only springs from low birth and cowardice, until the noblest blood of Scotland had been driven into exile, and at the same time so demoralised the people that wherever Calvinism spread there followed it, like a pesti lence, bastardy and drunkenness. Even in the present day, where Presby- terianism rules supreme, in many dis tricts about one-fourth of the children born are illegitimate, and it is only in those districts where Calvinism never got a footing that the ancient morality of Scotland, once so famous throughout Christendom, is still to be found. From recent . debates in the British Parliament it appears that only about one-fourth of the Scotch people are now adherents to the Kirk, and in the northern half of Scotland it has almost been deserted. Whatever is the cause, she is not now the ghost of her former self. It cannot be for the want of Court patronage and favor, and large sub sidies from the Government. Neither can it be for the want of adavnced preachers, for she has many like the Glasgow Cobbler, who was a " good deal in the infidel line;" and like Professor Caird, who lately declared that " doubt and unbelief are only the covered form of a deeper loyally of truth." It is more likely her decay arises from inactivity; trade in her line of business has much declined of late. There are now few baronies and castles to be harried and transferred to Cal- vanistic Whig owners, and few clans to be extirpated byjfire and sword ; and also that sedition and rebellion, in which she once did a roaring trade, are at a con siderable discount. A hundred more instances might be given, but they would all tend to show the commercial nature of societies. They begin business, are successful for a time, then collapse or amalgamate with some more powerful rival. The preachers regard their hearers — the pew- renters — like a storekeeper does his customers. Their Evangelical Alli ances and other kindred organizations are only chambers of Theological Com merce and Preachers' Protection Socie ties. There is only one difference, and that is in degree — there is less cant and hypocrisy amongst tradesmen. 