MAN BORN TO TROUBLE My friends! there's bees trouble All over the'sworia, BiE o out of the garden Oar parents were hurled r Taen Sin hatched a ceBtfal uf troubles, and ther Bmvb hatched our a million To feiteus to-dar- Wiererer we waaaer. We are sore,as we go, _ To be scratched bj the thistle* - • And briers of woe - In the meadows sre posies That sweet pleasure bring JOB ; Hut keep out the grass, or A serpent may yoo. The smiles of fond Fancy Prove horrible grind, And our cushions of comfort Are ftuck full of pins ; . In the cap of ga; pleasure Are aloes and gall, Wormwood and ©octroacbes— I can't tell what all. The weather's 'most alwsjs, Too hot or too cold; Oar children are either Too shy or too bold j Flume, peaches, and cherries, Are pestered wi A stones ;— No fun mating shad, on Account of the bones. The favoured of Fortune From want are secure ; Though rich as old 3>rres, In peace are as poor i "KiejVi troubles to tease them. They find no repose— They've cares on t lieir shoulders* And corns on their toes. - At the loss of s penny They grumble and groan. As though the rheumatics Were piercing each bone. Zhe ghosts of bad shilling? For ever them haunt, And they shake lest to-momnr Should bring them to want! If we TiBe to distinction, Or bj wraith acquire fame. There are thousands would rob as' Of our rhino—our name - The poppies ofenvy Pursue "us, ud barfc, And gladly would give us A nip in the dark. Ill yen hive there is honey. But bees are there^teo; " You're d—d but you'll have it You're damnedif yon do: So, never art rashly, Be coo], calm, and bind; For ran, bees, and hornets Leave stings, each, behind. Blest Anticipation 1 How fair is thy face! Curst Participation! Get out of the place! Here, Hope! take that bundle ' Of nettles away ! Yon promised to bring me Bright roses to-day ! Oh! this is the world that Hevolres on its axis So sleekly, BO smoothly, ' : But bus troubles and tares I TVheco rnrm, the-proud mortal, With folly carouscs, Unheeding the tear of His heart and bislronsers! Yes, this IB the world where ' "Hie high and the low Have to sip from the gourd-shell Of sorrow and woe; Where the fleas are not partial • As to whomthcy shall bite— •Whether master or servant, King, " nigger," or knight. Yea, this is the planet .Where rich man nor poor • Ciui keep peace in his dwelling. And trouble out door; Where " sore toes and sickness™ 3 s the sad .lot of all That trot, canter, or gallop, Walk , scn.bblBlo.r crawl. Thanh Heaven! that some day Twill be burnt into aches r Or by some crazy- comet Knocked all into smashes! TILL let's rui happy, '-llakeVijeve it, you see l We can do DoUungelse,.iriends -And, 6o mote it be! . —Patent Sermons by Dow jun. At a cercain,dburch in the. Sjynatau distxici^ prociee h>csliiy -it is notmeoeGsarymo» emrtlv to pr-i-ticulaxise, there was rccrhtlj a cfanng« of minietf rs, and the foet appeusxtoe of the new minister in tLp pulpit was maAed by a very awkward and unseeaily incident. He had had little or no previous crperiehce as a preacher, and this coupled with the' iiLtural cmbanssment caused by the appearance around hbn of ucfamiliar faces, "did not contribute to the success of the .maiden sermon.- In point of fact I am assured .that tested by the ordinary canons of t'r licism t he Bermon was a lamentable failure. How- .'r this may^bo, it is & fact that, at one portion of it, several of the congregation indulged in open and audible laughter.. . Vow, to the efforts of some popular preachers, eo more fittingorweloome tribute could be paid than' one of this land ; but in the • present iiiBtMicetlie; AppEnlto the nrable faculties of the congregation ins altogether unintentional, and the minister was greatly disconcerted. Pausing in i ds discourse he addressed the laughers as follows:— •' Don't laugh at me,my friends; don't langh-atme! But pr»y lor me.; piuy that I may ido better!" It is" not; often thata£cence of this-land'occurs in church but the custom of carping at aud ill-naturedly criti- «sir,c: the pulpit exertionB of clergymen i* only too common. Xn-£ict..lhera are many who appear to go io a plaoe of worship for little other jpurpose than to sneer at and ridicule she sermons delivered for their edification; and to Eucb I would commend the following verses, from good George Herbert's (the "•"Countiy Parson") "poem, " The Cbmch Porch," which are none, the less capable of being applied because they ware written 200 yean Bgo:— Judge not the preacher; for he is thy Judge, If thou midiko him thou eonceir'st him not, God caDeth preaohing folly. "Do not grudge To piok out treasures from an earthen pot, • " The worst- Bpeak'somfething good.. If oU want sense God lafces a text and preacheth patienoe. He that gets patience, and the blessing which Preachers conclude Vi% hath not loet his pains". He that by being at church, escapes the ditch "Which he mi^ht fall in bj companiara,"fBLinj5, Se that loves God's afco^ aod WoDpibine . . With'saints oirearth, shall wifh them one day shine not &t; language or expression,.. - How kuowestjhou buttfcyjsinsnjide him miscarry ?.. Then turn thv iaults iind his into oonfesion. God linn, whatsoe'er he be. Qlu tarry, And lovf him for his Master. His condition, Thcfugh it be hi, jnz&eshim; so ill physician. —Correspondent of the Beadigo Independent, A MEKiDL'BtE.—It Sb -stated ^ays the Sfosfon Jounud}, 'that a. party of arroy otEcers, wrho liave been engaged in mounting guns and otherwise putting the Gtilf. forts in -serviceable .condition, while sailing through Mississippi Sound, einceThe reoent flood, encountered & remarirahie "£oene:n".For -miles were seen logo,- driftwood, and patches of turf and soil floatiug -out into "the gul£ filled wilh-live animals which dung to their fr^il barges wifh the tenacity of shjpwrecked'tnaiinmi " Among the animals wen' seen rats, raoooegs, 'possums, labbi^, "elUgatoniywid jnocosn snahffiiniuncounted numbert/SD brought dowu irom the. esremps slid perimps from' -&0 to 100 miles inland. Tbe norel exhibitian had a edentific int«est, -BS". it suggested the manner in which djiring^past geblogical fiaiodBj: animals were tfwiported franungiau.Jar inland to the qoniiiE of t stwuries, a»d,"Uic'ir bunes bgng witipmbed in the «ilt and-si>rt mud, finnyheS*jBie jQigaaic. mmains -^hich a r e . f o r ages in. tfie hardened strata. It was, donbtiasa, by riuiixar means that the foBiiilB r.Q*f found iu the solid limestones were engulfed and \- preserved ; and also- that animal life has been distributed over all portions of the globe. 