Lucius Davoreii f»X THS AUTHOR OF 'HKKRr DUNBA.K.'] * Yw, sir, there' is. The poor little dear hns took the 8*arlatina» Mfftew «he could iutve took it, I can't ' imagine.' (or it's not in this street; indeed, %ere rety free irom every thing except measles in this part of the town, and the /re everywhere, as you may say, where there's children. Bat the little gill has took the BcsrUtma somehow, and Mrs. Bertram's dreadful down-hearted about it. The poor child's gat it rather bad. I. grant you; bat then, as I tell her mar, it's only scarlatina ; those things ending with a ' tina' are never dangerous— it isn't is if it wjs the scarlet fever.'* ' Ion are sure the child is in no danger ?' cried Geoffrey anriousiy; not that he cared for children in the abstract; but her child — a priceless treasure, doubtless— that must not be imperilled. ' No, sir ; indeed I don't . think as there's any danger. I'll allow the fever's been very fciffh. and the child has been brought down by it ; but the doctor hiisn'c hiated nt danger. He is to look in again this evening.' ' Hs comes twioe a day. does he ? That looks as if the case were serious.' ' It was Mra. Bertram's wish, sir. Feeling anxious like, she asked him.' Geoffrey was silent for a few minutes, medi tating. If he could establish some kind of rappwtt between himself and these people, it wonld be something gained ; he would feel himself, nearer to his beloved in her affliction. Alas, that she should be sorrowful, and he pawerle3S to comfort tier: so much a stranger to her, that any expression of sympathy wonld seem an impertinence ! ' i .have heard Mrs. Beatram sing a great many times,' heaaid. ?' und have been chirmed with her singing. ? am deeply interested in her (as a music amateur), and in anything that concerts her welfare. 1 shall venture to eall again to-morrow evening, to inquire how the little girl is going on. But pray do not men tion me to Mrs. Bertram ; L 'in quite unknown to her, and the idea that a. stranger had ex pressed an interest in her might be displeas' ing. I'll take halC-u-duz-ui p lirs of jjlovea.' ife threw down a sovereign — :t delightful coin, which not oEten rang up -n that humble counter. The widow emptied her till in order to find change for this lavish customer. ' Half~a-dqzen gloves, at fif teenpeuce, seven and-sixpence. Thank you, sir. Is there any thing in socks or pocket-handkerchiefs 1 can eh ow you ?' ' Not to- night, thauka. I'll look at some handkerchief^ to-m--rrow,' said Geoffrey, and departed, rejoiced to find that by the expendi ture of a feiv shillings he could keep himself informed ot Mrs. Bertram's inovemeuts. He went straight to cue best fruiterer in the town, whose shop was ou the paint of closing. Here he bough r, some hot-bouse grapes, at four teen Bhilhugs a pound, which he despatched at oaee to Mrs. Bertram's lodging. He bad sect her his tribute of choice of liowers continually, in the course of his long- pursuit, but she had never deigned to wear a blossom of his send . jng. She was to Bing on the following evening. ' If her child is worse, sbe will not iippear,1' ho thought. But when be cilled at the little shop that afternoon, he beard the child was some what better, and that she meant to siug 'There was some grapes came la« night, sir, soon after yon left,' said the widuw. ' Was it you that seat them ? Mrs. Bertram seemed s) piea^el. 1'ne poor little thinvr was pircued with fever, and the g:-ape3 was such a «oaifort.' ' Yoa d-4'4'r' Eay anything abjat me ?' said Geoffrey. Jl Vot ft Bylliible, sir.' ' Jostle right. Z'il send more grapes. ? £ there is anything else I can do, pray let ma know. I'm sach a stupid fellow. You may send me a dozen of those handkerchiefs,''— without looking at the fabric, which was ab^nt good enough ,for bis groom. ' 1 shall be so gratefnl to you if you can suggest anything that I could do for the little girl/' '1 don't thiak tUei«e's anything, air. Her mar lets her want Cor nothing, But tlie grapes was a surprise. ' I dida t think there was any to be bad,' JIrs. Bertram said. But perhaps eue'd hardly go to the pi ice, sir; for she doesn't seem to be very wed off.'1 Pinched by poverty! What a pang the thought gave him i And he squandered his ase'ess means without being able to purchase contentment. He had been happy enough, certainly, in his commonplace way, before he tad seen her; but now that be bad tasted the misery of loving her, he could not go back to that empty happiness— the joy of vulgar minds, which need only vulgar 'pleasures. He was in his seat iathe front row when the concert, began. Whutever musical faculty anight be latent in his composition stood a fair chance of development nowadays, so patiently did he sit out pianoforte solos, conoertante duets, trios for piano, violin, and 'cello; watb lings, soprano, and contralto, classical or modern ; hearing all alike with the same cal lous ear till she appeirei— a ta'.l slim figure simply robed ; a Bid sweet fane, f nil of a qutet pride that seemed to hold him aloof, yet with that fleecing loot of love and pity in these tender eyes which seemed to draw him near. lo-mgnz ina& sen jus countenance was in his eyes supremely pathetic;- for he knew her «ecret sorrow, knew that her Liars was with her sick child. She sang ona of the old familiar eor,g3— nothing claafflSil, onlv an old-fasui--ned English ballalj^' hs w^»re a wreath of Roses,'1 » simple saatiineotal story of love and sorrow. The plaintive nates moved runny to tears even ?the StilimingtoniteB, who were not easily aelted, being tooemioently genteel for einot ? -*U 'HJoid heavens, what a f-ol she makes. of «nc .'' thought Geoffrey ; ' 1 who never cared for mnsic.' He waited nj.jr a litde d)ur at the back of the Assembly Rooms, by which he knew the concert people went in and but; waited until Mrs. Bertram emergad, one of the earliest. She was not alone. Jler landlady's daughter, the young woman in the cirk-screw- riuglets, accompanied her. He followed ihem at a respectful distanca, observed by, neither. Pity and impetuous love made him bald. No sooner wre they in a quiet unfrequented street than be quickened his pace, came up with them, and dared ouce more to address the woman -who had scorned hia. ' Forgive me, Mrs. Bertram,' be said. ' I have heard of your lit'le girl's illness, and I am bo anxious to know if lean be any use to you. Is there anything I can do ?' ' Nothing,1' she answered sadly, not 'slack ening her pace for a moment, 'it is kind of you to wish to help me, but unless yon can give »ny darling health und strength — she was so .well and'strong only a few days a jfo — you can do nothing, the is in God's hands ; i must be patient; J daresay it is only a childish illness which need not make me * miserable. Bat ehe is all the world to Hie.' 'Are you satisfied with yourdoefcor, or. shall I get you other medical advice ? 1 will tele graph to London for any one yon would like to have' ?-'?' ''?^ou are very kind,' she answered gently, her manner straugely different, jEroinv jtyhat it had been in the garden . ' fc'o . 1 have reason 'tJ bj uusuiisiied wiih the doctor tiiiu is attending my pet He island, and seems clever.' JL thank you for your wish to help me in my trouble. . ,Go|od-night.'' . ; They' were in the! street -where -she' lived; by this ti-ne. She made him a little curtsy* and passed on very quickly to the shop-door, and vanished from his eager eyes. He paced the street for unfa Miry watching the light in the two little windows abo^ the shop, before he went back to- his hotel and for him the night was. sleepless. How could be rest while she was unhappy. Chapter VIII. GEOFFREY INCLINES TO SO8PICI0N. Totcaeos morning self-indulgent habits tri umphed over anxious love. After tossing all . night ia feverish unrest, Mr. Hossock slept, soundly till noon; but not a commonplace slumber, for the visions of his head upon his bed were made beautiful to him by the image of his belored. She was with him in that dreamworld where all is smooth and fair a-s the wide bosom of Danube, when no storm-wind ruffles his waters;' a world where there were neither sick children nor concerts nothing but happiness and love. He awakened himself reluctantly from so sweet u delusion, dressed and breakfasted hurriedly, and went straight to the little draper's shop at the fag end of Stiiimingf.on. After Mrs. 'eitraai's gentler manner last night, be feit as if be might venture to approach her. Sorrow had brought them nearer to each other ; she who h/nl so sternly repulsed his love had tint rejected his sympathy. ?Sbe had thanked him wen for his proffered aid, in that tni'ilhug voica which in speech, as in song, went straight to bis beavt. The young woman was behind the counter when be went in, reading a number of the London Journal in pensive 'olitude. ' How is the little girl this inorriiug.?':lio, asked engerly. ' h sir, I'm sorry to say she's not so well. She was Iigbt-heideii last night, and her poor mar sat up, and looks as pale as a ghost to-day, and the doctor seemed more eeri-ms lite. But as mother tells Mrs. Bertram, it's only scar la j tina ; it isn't as if ic was scarlet fever, you know.' Tlie little d*7r of the c -mmucication be tween the skop and the staircase opened at j tbis moment, iiud Jano Bertram's pale face 1 appeared— how pile and wan ! He could not I have thought one night's suffering* would have worked Buch a change. '? She is worse.' she slid, looking at the girl with higgard eyes that hardly seemed to have i sight in them. ' For God's sake run for the doctor.' I 