Teees is co cse is attempting to disguise tbe fact esj longer that the great qaesrios which is eieiasng the mind oi the dviiissd world jost sow is spiritualism and its pretensions. Whererer we look, into whatever p3th of liferatare we may straw, we are sars to come i zee to htse with, it in some form or another. At fi&tharsring; about the domain of Charla tanry, it has now been lifted Into the region cf svsnse, and has been given an establiriied position among the problems which it concerns hamsnity to saire. It has a literature of its own, a priesthood, a propaganda, and all fhe machinery of an zncieat cnl. Whether" it will scpszseds the papular idea of Christianity altogether dose will show, bat there can be no question that it has already exercised a qualifying inSnenes npon some af tbe dogmata 01 the Christian creed. Its adherents wcnld appear to be drawn from all religious sects and from every class of society, and among its tqert prominent recruits and its strangest advocates are the very men. of science who were engaged to expose it as an impost nre. With these facts before ns it yeuld argue a timid mind and not a sceptical one to ignore the phenomena that are continually being pre sented to the public by way of testimony to the truth and authenticity of the pretensions of ripiritqalista. When men of acknowledged scientific ability like Professor Grookes; Mr Varley, tbe electrician, and Mr .Wallace; tbe naturalist, stske their reputation npoa the reality of the things tbey record, men of no science, who have only their naked reason to depend upon, are placed at an insuperable disadvantage. Their reason has a poor chance against the logic of facts and the influences left by experiment. The public are slow to follow a' syllogism, but they take in au evi dential manifestation at a gulp. The most weighty evidence that has yet been given to it Is contained in an article id the last number of the Fortnightly Review, in which Mr Wallace, whose name has been already referred to, relates tbe circumstances nnder which he has been compelled to believe that spiritualism is not a delusion or a fraud. Some of the experiences which be gives are. carioosly in accord with manifestations that are alleged by apparently competent wit nesses to have taken place in Castlemaine. Thus one lady in the circle— 3 very stout one — says the nngallant man of science, was lifted bodily along with her chair and placed upon tbe table, without' the slightest intima tion to the rest of the operators that the laws which govern heavy bodies were in any way being trifled with." Fruits and flowers were discovered in a closed room into which they were not brought by hnman agency, and on one occasion a sunilower six feet high, with the erth about its roots, and the dew of night npon its leaves wss dropt on 10 tbe operating table. If the same thing has not been done in Castlemaine, it is because the spirits who are supposed to superintend this class of. phenomena are a. little les3 discrimi nating and. possibly a little less scrupulous about the finer feelings of their, mortal frieqds. We have bad no eanflo were, but wheelbarrows, and other even less picturesque articles of utility have been spirited, into tbe room to attest tjieir contempt for the laws of matter, and the laws of good breeding. What theories asks Mr 'Wallace; have ever been "justified by our .scientific teachers, which even attempt to account for. this pheno-' mena? Tricking it is not; and dclusiop it cannot be, for the objects-displayed are there in all their objective reality, to be seen and handled by anybody and everybody. And it is thin latter fact which seem's to us to have a' very Important bearing npon an other class Of the spiritualistic phenomena, namely, the appearance of spirit forma We extract the following portion of Mr Wal lace's interesting narrative ia the Fortnightly Review:— "For some' years a young lady, Miss'Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable mediunuhip, which latterly cnlininatod in. the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and hi white flowing robes while ahe lay entranced, _ in dark clothing and seenrely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that testa of an , apparently con clusive character were employed, many visitors, spiritndisU as wellas sceptics, got the impression that all was not as' it should be ; owing in' part to the' re«embl»nca of the/supposed tpirit. to Miss Cook, and abo to the fact that the two could not be seen at.the same time. To determine the ques tion conclusively, experiments Have ! been ' made within the last tow weeks by two scientific men." Mr C. F. Varley,.FR.S., the' eminent electrician,, made use of galvanic battery and cable-testing ap- uaratns, and passed a current through Miss Cook s body (by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arms.) The apparatus was so delicate that any movement whatever was instantly indicated, while it was impossible for tbe young lady to dress and aet as a ghost without breaking tbe circuit. Yet under these conditions the sprrit-f orm did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote; and tbouched Several persona ; and this happened, be it remem bered, not in tbe modium'g own house, but in that of a private gentlemanin the West End of London. For nearly ail' hour the circuit was never 'broken/ and at the conclusion Miss Cook was . found in a deep trance. Since this remarkable experiment Mr William Crookes, F.ft.S., has obtained, if possible, stifi znorb satisfactory qvidohce. Ife contrived a phosphorus lamp, and'armcd with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Conk, dressed in biaok velvet, lying ip' a trance on the floor; while the flpirit-foiTp, in white robes, stood close beside her. 'Dnring the evening this 'spirit-form had been, fur nearly an hour, walking aud talking with' (he co'ro'- psny; and Mr CrcxAea, by psrscmisB, dzspsd the i Egms fa bis arms, and found it to be, xpgarEatly, ; 'irajdEvaWBrasa, jsst as tbe Essprisilgaafismsa i biddcD-. - Yet ihas figure is not that ciiliss Cook, iaor of aay other b-crrart b esaa sa» it appeared aad dirxppexrea-zs. Mr Croats eorajbeese as esn- pjeiely as"ihT2AS i>T ibexasaEim'IiesS? A coanterpart cf , tins maipfststion can at any mament'be witnessed, "we are infermei, at the Saridhorst ssarires presided over fcyMr DGUovcm, who receives lorks of hair frrjiri K-stie Kirig, end is in fact on tie most farniHar term of friendship with hex. , ft has has always appeared (o us thai it is this' class of manifestations that are msst fatal tb the preteizrisDS of spirimalisuiL Spiritual fisrms and shadows are all very well, bat when it mass bp spiritual zqosiin and ril't, iha natural reseon is iskrir1 aback. Bat, da the other hand, the spiritualist is quite . entitled tp. fall back npoa the Mg sun- flowers and wheelbar rows ; and to ask why ws admit she objective reality, in the one case a&d; cot in the other. If these are not mere shadow forms, wliy shcnld Katie "King be an apparition only 1 Ihe one phenomenon is jast as marvellous and onexplsicable as the other, and why aheuld we acknowledge the- existence of tbe one and deny the other ' Tfce qnesuou is a fair one; and" from an argumentative point 'of view, we are quite ready to allow that it is cot answered with a sneer or a shrug of the shoulders. : " _ ' 