CONFESSION, A Day of Atonement Sermon, by the Rev. Dr. Artom. One of the most remarkable features of our religion, of the laws which .Moses derived from the Divine source, as well as of the commentary upon them which constitutes tradition, is this, that they are adapted to all countries, to all climates, to all stations of human progress, and to all ages, so that they provided for the period , in which they were proclaimed, and at the same time for the most distant future. • But there is another characteristic which, though it does not belong exclusively to our doctrines, invests them with a high degree of beauty, I mean the envelope of beauti ful parables, striking metaphors, and charming legends, with which they are clothed and expressed, and which delight the mind and touch the heart. Our sages intended, for instance, to teach us that the penitential days are austere and terrible, that then the* Almighty^ pronounces the reward or the punishment which will be our lot during the ensuing year as the natural consequence of our good or bad actions; and employing an impressive parable, they described the Almighty like a Judge seated on His adamantine throne, having the accuser at His right hand, and three books before Him. He opens them, and having with one glance seen the conduct of all men, and with one movement of His eternal justice determined on that which each of them has deserved, He writes in one book the name of those who, absolutely wicked, shall die ; in the other book the name of those who, absolutely righteous, shall live; and in the third book the name of those who, still on the brink of the abyss of impiety, may by a sincere repentance escape the terrible doom of misery and death. The sentence, say pur sages, continuing their graphic parable, is written on the New Year’s Day, it is sealed on the Day of Atonement, yet the heavenly messengers do not start for its execution till the seventh day of Tabernacles,, the great Hoshaana Rabbah. All Israelites are aware, as well as our ancestors, that this is the period of judgment, or if they do not know it through study, they . feel it by their Jewish instinct, and like their ancestors, they prepare themselves for this terrible solemnity. But is what they do sufficient to cause the Divine balance to drop in their favour ? And of what does their preparation consist? They regularly attend for a few days the house of prayer; even those attend regularly who during the year forget that a house of prayer exists. They seem to recite their supplications with devotion, and some in a more respectful attitude than usual. They distribute some of what is superfluous to them among the poor, and finally they come here to devote a whole day unto the Lord. They subject them selves to the hard trial of fasting, they weaken their frame by volun tary and heavy privations, which they trust may be accepted by. God as a true personal sacrifice. All these acts of piety are cer tainly useful, nay, they are necessary; but is that all? If you have done that only, I am sorry to declare that you have not undergone the proper, the prescribed, the efficient preparation; You are like a man whose house has caught fire and who, instead of working for his own rescue and the preservation of his house, loses precious time in trying to save some insignificant pieces of furniture. You have forgotten the vital part of your duty. My brethren, nearly all of you are merchants, and you must know the rules of book-keeping. In your social intercourse, you must often open your day-book, or your ledger, in order to verify either your debtor or creditor account; therein yOu register what you sell and what you buy, what you lend and what you borrow, and to those books you address every evening your last thought, for they contain the true account of what you have gained or lost, arid what you possess. But there is another ledger which you ought to consult every evening, and which it is your strict obliga tion to read before the day of judgment has elapsed. That is not the book of your commercial bargains, but of your actions, of your conduct, and of your thoughts. To peruse that book and to practise the lessons that you learn from it, is to carry out the real preparation for the Lord’s judgment. Put aside your prayer-book for a few minutes, and take in your hand the book of moral accounts. I do not address these words to a particular part of my audience, but to all those who are here; to men and to women, to' the young and to the old, to workmen and to bankers,: to merchants and to literary men, to masters and to servants, to the idle among the poor, and to the idle among the wealthy, to all those “ that stand here with us this day before the Lord our God,” &c.; Take that book into your hand ; it has a dark cover, and a word is written upon it in red characters—Con fession. Open it, and you will see that it consists of three large leaves. At the top of the first a striking word is registered—God. At the top of the next a second—Our Neighbours. At the top of the next a third—Ourselves. And now let us read together what is registered in those three different leaves, for it is for this that we are here to-day. “ Then shall they confess their sins that they have done.” We are here tp obey the recommendations of our sages that to give a, pledge of sincere repentance, a man should publicly “ confess his sins and minutely avow his transgressions.’ My brethren, my sisters, let us rid ourselves of our false shame, let us go through the first leaf of our confession book. • But remember that just as a mirror is only good when it reflects our figure in a perfect manner, so our confession is real and true only when it is the mirror of our mind and 6f our heart ; when it frankly repeats all that we have thought, all that we have spoken, all that we have done, however blamable we may have been. My words will, therefore, personify no one, and yet they will be everyone’s confession. . i. What have we dpne* how have we acted towards God during the year that has just expired ? Have we, shewn unto Him more devotion arid love than in former years ? Have we opened our eyes, so often covered by a thick bandage, have we looked at the magnificent works of the Almighty? Have we considered those grand phenomena which pass every day rapidly before us, and to which, through their constant repetition, we pay no attention whatever? The universe is an immense sphere, the throne, and at the same time the footstool of the Almighty. It is an immense chain, the last link of which is held by the Lord’s hand, and although many of its treasures and charms are concealed from the human eye, yet it is a real, theatre of beauty. But alas ! we have remained indifferent to that which reveals the infinite power of the Lord, we have not burst out in David’s enthusiastic exclama tion, “Q Lord, how manifold are Thy works ! in wisdom hast Thou made them all, the earth is full of Thy riches.” No, the sight of the wonders of the animals, the plants, and the minerals have not awakened in our mind the idea that, everything belongs to God, and His praise has not been uttered by our lips. We have not said, “ Let the great name of the Lord be blessed for ever and , ever, who by His wisdom gave existence to the whole world.” But have we at least thought of His mercy, of His providence, of the goodness with which He rules the innumerable army of created beings, and carries out His own laws of order and harmony ? No, we have not. “ He feeds His flock like a shepherd; He gathers the lambs with His arm, carries them in His bosom, and , geiitly leads those that are with young.” He has guided us in security on a path of life often beset with dangers. He has given us bread for the preservation of our existence, He has granted us sleep for the restoration of our strength, He has sent the rain which fertilises our land and produces our corn and our fruit, He has. opened His hand, and satisfied the desires of every living being: and we . . . • We have readily picked up the fruit, we have gathered in the harvest, we have drunk the waters of His springs, we have reaped the effects of His beneficial dew, we have delighted in our sleep, we have availed ourselves unspar ingly of the boons profusely displayed before us : yet not a word of thanks has sounded in our mouth. The source of our enjoyments was forgotten, the distributor of bur comforts was set aside, we have had no remembrance of Providence, we have been such as Moses depicted our forefathers: “Jeshurun waxed fat and kicked; thou art waxen fat, thou art grown thick, thou art covered with fatness : then he forsook God that made him, and lightly esteemed the rock of his salvation.” Consequently, we have transgressed the Law, the expression (of His will. This year will be marked with a black sign, for we had never been so irreligious. The name of God came upon our lips, but without due veneration ; we have spoken of His commandments, but without due submission; tve have talked about His ministers, but without due respect. .How many times when the hour came to obey the will of the Almighty, to serve Him, to offer unto Him the words of our lips, to devote unto His praise and glorification one of the numerous days which we lavishly spent in useless amusements-—how many times have we not exclaimed with Job >3 n«i*i ’mnjw *3 nw no “What is the , Almighty that we should serve Him ? and what profit should we have if we prayed unto Him ? ” Yes, even in the Divine worship, which ought to be the expression of abnegation, we have looked for our material interest,: we have asked : “ What profit should iwe have by it?” This year, therefore, saw us seldom in the place of worship ; while our brethren were engaged in supplications, we were labouring for worldly objects, sometimes for unworthy under takings; we have become strangers in that place which we ought most frequently to visit. Neglectful of the public worship, we have equally overlooked its domestic observarice, and our house which ought to have witnessed the practice of the acts of our religion, and in which we ought to have spoken of the words of God, has only been the theatre of useless pastimes, of profane conversations, of discord and quarrels, and sometimes of still more condemnable scenes. Oh, what a year, what a year ! How can we ask for the Lord’s protection? How can God look upon us with mercy? Therefore, “ we have riot the courage to speak, we dare not raise our head.” * ■ 2\. Let us now turn over, and read the second leaf of our con fession book; perhaps there will be a less discouraging account. How have we acted all this year towards our neighbours ? From the beginning till the end of the year, we have cried out with all the power of bur lungs : 'bw “ My rights, my rights /" “ None shall damage my rights ! no one shall lay his hand on that which is my sacred property.” But have we said at the same time : “ Thy rights, thy rights /” “ The rights of others shall be equally respected ! ” Have we refrained from grasping at that , which belongs to others ? ' Have we thought of our duties as we have thought of our claims ? The most beautiful sentence ev^r Written in any religious code stands engraved in our Law, and it is expressed by these immortal words : 7103 *pnV nanao, “ Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.” But alas ! we have not always practised if. No, we have not loved our neighbours according to justice, we have not loved them according to charity. We have hot loved them according to justice, because, prompted by covetousness, by unjust animosity, by even baser passions, we have outstepped the limit of what is honest and true.. We have coveted their .property, and what have we not done in order to usurp it! We have had recourse to low and heinous subterfuges and stratagems in order to rise at the expense of people of good faith.' Conspiracies, fraud, breach of promises given on our sacred honour, usury, gambling,' ignoble impositions, deceit practised at the cost of our friends, of our relations, of a brother, even of a father, unjust lawsuits, false pretences, intimidation, all, all has seemed proper to us in order to hoard wealth, in order to gain in the world a position which we had no fair means of attaining. Oh ! we dare not look at those whom we have ruined; we dare not look at those families which have fallen by our fault; at those tender beings who, born in the midst of comforts, have become indigent by our wickedness ; at those fathers of families who have lost their reputation, not by any crime of theirs; but because they relied upon our honour, our honesty, and our word. No ! we dare not look at those whom we have approached with a smile uppn our lips, whose hands we have grasped with apparent friendship while we were placing a stone on their way in order to cause them to stumble, while we were preparing a snare in order to entangle them, while we were treacherously spreading calumnies which might clamage their name, ruin their credit, and. destroy their fame. No ! we dare not look at those respectable houses, which we entered with the title of friends, and1 on which we have brought shame as well as the contempt of society. We cannot help blushing when we think of the use which we have made of the noble faculties with which we are endowed, and especially of that of speech.. Our words, which ought to have been the bearers of friendship and consolation, have, like arrows, opened deep wounds; they have, like poisoned daggers,, pierced in the dark, and caused death and destruction. We have been of those who “ bend their tongues like their bows for lies.” We .have been of those who “ deceive - every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth, who have taught their tongues to speak lies, and weary themselves to com mit iniquity.” How many have we not grieved by our unguarded or cruel expressions? How many have we not offended by our pitiless and unjust reproaches? How much harm have we not done by divulging the secret faults of our neighbours, by tiumpet irig their failure, by reporting delicate communications and intimate conversations, by repeating words pronounced innocently, but to which we attributed a malignant signification? Oh! we see now that we have done a great deal of harm by our flattery, by praises entirely devoid of truth ; that is the way by which we practised the greatest deceit, by which we have most often imposed upon man, so sensible to adulation. Ah! quite true is the saying of the sages: “ Justice began to be outraged on the day when flattery became prominent among men.” Unable to comply with the exigencies of justice, we see that we have been equally incapable (are we to say unwilling?) to act in accordance with the demands of charity. Always to do to others what we should like to receive, is a precept constantly recommended by the law ; but our selfish ness Stood in the way. We have more than once put a silver coin into the hand of a poor man; more than once we had a large offering for a philanthropic purpose publicly announced, when a smile of approbation on the part of a large audience rewarded us for our liberality; but how many ti nes this year have we not dis regarded real misfortune, rejected the appeal of unfeigned need, and been deaf to the timid prayer of modest and respectable indigence? And if we have occasionally loosened our purse, we did not open our heart. We gave alms, but we did not practise charity which raises those whom poverty has humbled, and which, coming from the heart, goes straight to the heart, of the recipient, and establishes between the various conditions of men that which should ever unite them, a bond of love. And even when we did good we did it with arrogance and pride, so that we feel that our merit has been as small as the beneficial results of our liberality. Oh, mercy upon us “ for our iniquities have gone Over our head ; as a heavy burden they are too heavy for us.” .. 3. We have arrived at the third leaf. Let us continue our con fession, which now regards ourselves, and which will not be less interesting. Have we this year been more enlightened as far as our real interest is concerned ? Have we learnt from God how to choose the way of life, Q”ra mmv the way of our true happiness ? Have we, in a word, loved ourselves ? We have always felt in us the elements of a man, and the elements of a child: those of wisdom and those of ignorance, those; of good and those of evil, those of what is spiritual, and of that which comes from the dust of the earth. We have often felt in our heart that terrible struggle and contrast between these opposite influences, between the good temptation and the evil one : mn w mion Which of them have we then let rule over us ? The man or the child, the spirit or the body, wisdom or folly, good or evil ? Have we been vic torious in the moral fight ? Have we, by being slow to anger, been better than the mighty, and by “ ruling our spirit, been braver than he who takes a city?” There are many causes in the material order which bring about illness of body, and many causes in the moral order, which produce sickness of spirit. Have \- we shunned either of them in order to preserve in the best possible state what the Lord has lent iis, arid in order to restore it unto Him improved and perfected? Alas! alas! our eagerness for : sensual pleasures has prevented us from keeping our machinery in order, and our delicate frame in health. Oh ! we well remember our immoderate gaiety; we well remember how many tiiries we have gratified our voluptuous desires ; we remember oiir excesses at the table, our frequent libations to the idol of wine; we remeriiber Low many times we have, by oiir debauchery, undermined our existence^ Therefore our body is weak, our • health threatened, therefore infirmities afflict us, and we see at a distance the terrible ghost of a miserable old age. Unfortunately, we have also let our soul become diseased and infirm. ( We have not been able to control our temper, to check oiir irritability. We have let pride creep into our heart. We have let some slight success become the source of stupid vanity, which has blinded us, and concealed from us our real insignificance. We have been immoderate in our joy, despondent in our misfortunes, intolerant of the inevitable trials of life, and ready to murmur against Providence, and we see now that we have still to learn the noble virtues of patience, resignation,; modesty, and humility. If we are to speak truly, we can register no progress in our religious tendencies, no progress in our morals, no progress in the knowledge that is most precious upon the earth, the knowledge of ourselves. Oh, why have we not employed our time1 better ? Why is it not in our power to boast of noble | acts ? ' Why are we forced to say, “ I have nothing to relate but iniquities; I can only be grieved, for I have sinned ;” and we are obliged to . confess that, we have acted towards God as a perverse son acts towards his father, as a rebellious servant towards his master, as an ungrateful pupil towards his teacher. We have declared unclean what God has pronounced pure, and pure what He has pronounced unclean ; we have permitted what He has forbidden, and forbidden what He has permitted; we have hated what He has loved, and loved what He has hated; arid all this we confess this day after a searching examination of ourselves, after having laid bare our riioral wounds, in. order to obey the saying of the Prophet: “ Let us search, and try our ways, and turn again unto the Lord.” Here we close the book, and our confession ends. Arid wliat can our feelings be now but those of shame ? For, if none of us can be so wicked as to have indulged in all these sins, yet each of us has done his share, each of you, my brethren, and each of you, my sisters. More than one among us has already borne the inevitable penalty of his misconduct, and can the others flatter themselves that they will not bear their own punishment? In a certain manner they may, provided they cause their confessions to be followed by sincere repentance and reparation, since reparation and repentance are the only means by which we can reach the true aim of the Day of Atonement—forgiveness. To undergo hard . material privations for twenty-five hours, to devote the whole day to prayer and religious meditations, to remain from morning till evening entirely separated from our worldly cares, to withdraw even our ideas from that which forms the occupation of the whole year, to raise our minds to spiritual thoughts, to the consideration of death and of a future life, is surely to obey the law; but if all these ceremonies and all that piety are not followed by repentance and reparation, they are useless—they are a mockery ;• they are like a watch without spring, like a ship without pilot, like a house without roof, like a bridge without solid foundations; they are an impossibility. Oh, my brethren, it is only when we have wiped, the tears that we have caused to be shed, when we have returned that which \ye have usurped, when we have rebuilt what we have ruined, when we have consoled those whom we have grieved, and healed those whom we have wounded, when we have restored cleanliness to that which we have made impure, it is only then that the glorious announcement of the Almighty by the mouth of Moses will be verified : “ For on that day He shall make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that you may be clean from all your sins before the Lord.” DD»n«iori tom ntn avi d twiton ’a ■ • The subject of this discourse having been confession, it is only by a solemn act of contrition that we can bring it to a close. Follow now these solemn utterances with your hearts — Oar God and God of our forefathers, let our prayers reach Thee. Turn not Thy face from our supplications. Thou seest it, we are neither impudent nor obdurate; we shall not say, we are innocent and have not sinned; We confess it, both we and our forefathers have sinned. Listen, O Lord, to our confession which flows from our heart, beating from the emotion of sincere regret and uncontrollable remorse : . VVe are greatly culpable. ! • We have been rebels to Thine eternal will. ■_—__ We have abused our fellow-creatures’ trust ; we have deceived those who relied on us. We have not controlled our tongue; we have uttered blasphemies. Not content with sinning, we have induced others to be irreligious. The cause of the righteous was placed in our hands, and we have condemned them. ' 1 /' ’• '• . We have let the demon of arrogance rule our actions. We have practised fraud in our social transactions. We have: spread falsehood, and misled'credulous people. / We have given bad advice, we have treacherously pushed a man to his ruin. We have told untruths to those who depended on our information. ; We have ridiculed that which is sacred, we have been scoffers. We have openly disobeyed constituted authorities. We have abhorred Thy law, which we ought to have loved. We have been consciously perverse. We have committed iniquitous actions. \ . We have sinned for no other aim than that of sinning. . . We have oppressed our neighbours. ’ v ^ We have been stiffnecked, and turned a deaf ear to wise reproaches. We have acted with wickedness. We have fallen into corruption and debased our immortal isouls. We have altogether walked on a disreputable, dishonourable, and shameful pathr—:—: :-' • — :-:— ■’ / . . — We have gone astray from Thy commandments, but we have not profited by it. And how can wickedness result in the joy of its followers, how tan he who sows destruction reap anything but ruin ? ,Thou hast been just and merciful to.us, and yet we have disregarded Thee and sinned. O Lord, what was I before being created? and now that I have been4 created what am I but dust? Yes, l am dust in my life ; I shall be dust and vermin after my death. There fore I come before Thee, O Lord, covered with shame and humbled by remorse. The heavens are Thy abode, and Thou knowest both what is open to human eyes and what lies concealed, both the hidden things of the Universe and the mysteries of the human heart. Thy power is infinite, but Thy good ness is equally unbounded. Oh, preserve me, O Lord, from falling again into sin, but save me also from the punishment which my past transgressions have called down upon me ! Let Thy mercy be my salvation. “ Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in Thy sight, O Lord, my strength and my Redeemer.,” {£fcfi:n,*w ♦-£> port* **»»» pVl?Vn»| ... Amen. ; 