PASTORAL LETTER OF THE COAD r JUTOR-ARCHBISHOP. I rpflE following letter of his Grace the Coad 1 jutor-Archbishop to the faithful of the arch I diocese of Sydney regarding the collection I for the 'Mission Fund,' was read in the I floman Catholic churches throughout the | city on Sunday :— able and beloved Archbishop, has requested me to address an appeal to you upon a sub jecfc especially dear to his heart — an appeal which he feels assured will be met by aJl of you, so well does he know your Catholic spirit, with a very hearty co-operation. You will remember, then, many of you, that when I first came amongst you to help in the great work of saving souls and build ing up the Church of God, I pointed to two things which to my mind seemed of cardinal importance, and to which, in a special man ner, I should direct my efforts and endeavour to enlist your Catholic and generous sup port—I mean the building up of our cathe dral and the education of our people. I. With regard to the cathedral, you know that at this moment two active and zealous collectors are engaged in the laborious duty of gathering funds in the suffragan dioceses of New South Wales. And whilst we are heartily thankful to them for the truly apos tolic spirit with which they have set about their arduous undertaking, we are no less grateful to those large-minded and truly self saorificing prelates, who, with a love for the glory of God's house worthy of the great fathers of the early Church, have wil lingly, not merely sanctioned the collection being made amongst their people, but be gides and beyond this, have given the under I taking their most cordial and encouraging I support. I Dearly beloved, can we do less than pray I earnestly that the Father of Light, and the I Giver of all good gifts, may, in His love of I the generous giver, shed upon these prelates and upon their people every best and choicest benediction ? Nor do these new energies, which are making themselves felt abroad, cool us here at home ; on the contrary, they stimulate us to redouble our exertions in furtherance of our mighty undertak ing, which, if laborious in its slow ad vauce, will, when completed, be a work which, we may well say, will last for erer. In proportion as . the collections are made steadily and with perseverance, in pro portion as they are brought to bear upon the masses of the people, will stone rise upon stone, will one arch spring into completion, and then another, will window after window of exquisite design gradually unfold itself into its perfect symmetry; whilst here a I column or a shaft, and there a capital will, I e?ery day as it goes by, speak more articu I lately— each with its own especial voice— of glories which perhaps may never be wholly seen by us, but which will present themselves to the admiring gaze of generations that are I to come. Let us then, dearly beloved, let us then, I I «ay, keep our hearts clean, that our Lord may bless the work of our hands ; let us increase our love of the Blessed Sacrament, that we may all the more rejoice in the glory of God's house : and whilst with lips of love we praise and bless our Heavenly Father, let us generously contribute towards the building of a temple, worthy as man can make it, of | His only begotten Son. I Thus, with the Divine aid, we may hope that the most glorious minster of the southern hemisphere, set in the loveliest spot of one of the most beautiful cities in the world, will, in due course, grow into its full proportions, and stand a lasting and a worthy monument to the faitk, charity, and constancy of the Catholics of New South Wales ! So far with regard to the cathedral. ,11. With regard to educatiou, the most ptal question of the present day — upon which depends in a very great measure the filling ot our cathedrals and churches with a truly Uthohc people— I hope I have not been Wholly idfe. The Catholic population of any country tony be roughly divided into four classes, each of which requires education of a special I flnd~;t'10S0 wno are preparing for the minis try ; those who are aiming at the highest culture for the world ; those who are content Wjtbagoodfair college training; and those wno, forming the great mass of the population, Br^.to be educated in primary schools. ™ , e first class— those training for the w-° l) I wiU sPeak Presently. V\ith regard to the second class—those mxo are aiming at the highest culture—you we aware that I have been straining every J«ve to put the college of St. John's in a position to receive and prepare students for wwip University career— and that already J? aave a staff of able teachers, some pro ving students, and every prospect of. Rasing numbers. bJl i *egard to the third class— -those who lE . air °°Hege training— we have Saint C1*8' Itfndhurst, where, so far as I have JSSn ,t0 form a Judgment, the boys are 2rnghfc and wel1 brought up ; whilst the 3 n a?e steadily increasing, and most the u Wl11 c.ontmue to increase through »5»i a,?tlve influence of the University, ™-mwiH doubtless draw students to that college, as being one of the best schools of preparation for St. John's, which, in turn, has the one function of fitting young men for taking their degrees. Respecting the fourth class — those who make up the bulk of our Catholic popula tion—the especially loved ones of our blessed Lord— from whose lips an insignificant but rather noisy sect would snatch the bread of llTA IT if: r\r»lTr non +1^a v\i'vtT7 /»??*_— T olio 11 T»otta more to tell you at another time. Suffice it here to say that already our zealous clergy are preparing returns for me of an exhaus tive nature, by meaas of which, when they have been put in order, the whole system of our Catholic education will stand mapped out as it were before the eye, so that defects may be seen at once, and remedies suggested ; so that the lines of a new system may be traced and made ready for adoption, in case the tyranny of the many or the few should try to plunge our children into the stifling gulf-stream of a passing infidelity — a system, I may as well say, which, if once accepted and put into working order, would do more towards fashioning strong and sturdy children for the Church, strong in faith and sturdy in resolution, than any compromise that shallow simplicity, or transparent subtlety, or short sighted policy could suggest. But my present anxiety is with regard to education for the ministry. Not a few of our well-tried and self sacrificing priests are becoming grey in the service of the people and the altar. One day their places will have to be supplied. And it is for you as well as for us — it is for you in your love of our Divine Master, in charity to your selves as well as to your children — to do all that in you lies to assist in educating labourers for the vineyard. In thus co-operating, you are actually assisting our blessed Redeemer in His work of saving love. You are bringing Him to the ears and hearts of those who otherwise might never hear His blessed name ! for ' Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of Christ.'* To call upon the name of Jesus, to believe in Him, and to hear His word depends upon the pre sence of those who are sent out in the midst of men as ministers of the gospel of salva tion, and dispensers of the holy mysteries. Truly, it is written, ' Whoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.'f Still, to use the apostle's words, ' How shall they call on Him in whom they have not ueiiereu. r \\_/r ixuw suaii iiivy ueneve jtliui, of whom they have not heard ? And how shall they hear without a preacher ? And how shall they preach unless they be sent, as it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them who preach the Gospel of peace, of them that bring glad tidings of good things !'$ And I may emphatically add, how can they ' be sent' unless they be educated and trained in the sacred love of God, and in the golden maxims of the priestly life? And how can all this be accomplished unless those whose ministers they will delight to be, give freely of that which freely they have received, and contribute of their substance to the godly and glorious work of educating them ? Dearly beloved, never have you yet failed in your generosity to God's spotless Church —to the spouse of Christ ! Often and often have you stinted yourselves for her sake, that if you had to suffer, she in any case should look beautiful and fresh. I know that to you never shall I appeal in vain ; for though I have known you but a short time, still, for all that, I know you well. Next Sunday a collection will be made for the special object of the ' Mission Fund ;' that is, for the education of priests for the archdiocese, and for defraying the necessary expenses connected with the administration of the Church. Each year a similar collec tion will be made. And on the Sunday which precedes that of the collection, I shall address you as I am doing now, and tell you the amount which each church has sub scribed, how many students are preparing for the priesthood, and how the money con tributed has been employed, Some months ago there were three students preparing for the archdiocese at All Hallow's College, Dublin. Lately I have had the opportunity of adding two more to the num ber, and also of securing two other promising young men, who are pursuing their studies at St. Kyran's College, Ossory, under the enlightened care of the learned and pious bishop of the diocese. Thus, we have at the present moment seven students preparing for our missions. May the Holy Spirit fill their hearts with His sevenfold gift, and make them true disciples of the Good Shepherd ! With regard, to our immediate needs, they are pressing somewhat heavily upon us at ths present moment. Not to have to refer to our future, I have to meet a long-standing account with All Hallow's College, and ought to be in a position to send at once a draft to the president for £326 8s 3d, to meet a bill which, I am sorry to say, lias been presented more than once. I trust that not only shall we satisfy this pressing and just demand, but that a fair sum will remain over and above to meet other calls which must necessarily come upon us. * Rora. x. 7. t Row« x, 13. % Rom, x, 14, 15. 19\. Hi. 7, 1 ' ' - ? ' ? »?' ? ' And whilst we gladly take advantage of the training given in our seminaries at liome, I am at the same time firmly convinced that it would be quite possible and very desirable to educate at least a certain number of our students under our own eyes ; to watch the growth of their vocations ; to direct them along the road of hard work and abnegation; and to do all that is in our power to perpetuate a priesthood fitted with the attractive grace of the Holy Ghost, gifted with divine discretion and apostolic zeal. Indeed, I feel the time is not far dis tant when we shall be blessed with the presence of such youths as these within the lofty walls of St. John's. There, whilst cul tivating the faculties by means of the Uni- \ versity course, they will day by day drink ; larger draughts of the deep well of Catholic philosophy, and allow us to wedge the scien tific exposition of Catholic theology into their expanding minds. There, under our own eyes, they will learn that a knowledge of letters may subserve the interests of Catholic truth, and that a man may possibly be called learned, but that he never can in any possibility be profound, if he has not fairly mastered the science of the saints. Already, indeed, I have been cheered by the spontaneous and generous action of one amongst the clergy. He has founded, or is about to found, a scholarship for the educa tion of an ecclesiastical student at St. John's. May our Lord bless him for it, and may many others, not only amongst the clergy, but amongst the laity, follow so worthy an example. Think of the cathedral and of the education of our clergy in your generous moments. Remember these objects in your wills ; leave bequests to these ends, so far as you can see your way to do so without injustice to other claims ; remember our Lord and the cause of His Saints, some of whom are still living on the earth Anyhow, dearly beloved, be generous next Sunday ; let this collection, beyond all others —for of all it is the most important — be a real and an unqualified success ; let one church vie with the other in its largeness of contribution, so that whilst we raise up a mighty structure of stone in the centre of our city, we may at the same time be prepar ing worthy men to minister to our wants as years go by. If thus you assist in tuning voices to God's praise, in fashioning instru ments to His glory, you will have earned a right to turn to them and say in spirit : 'Behold now bless ye the Lord, all ye ser vants of the Lord, who stand in the house of the Lord, in the courts of the house of our God. In the night lift up your hands to the holy places, and bless ye the Lord. May the Lord out of Sion bless thee, He that made heaven and earth.'* I am, dearly beloved, Your faithful servant in Christ, t EOGEE, BEDE VAUGHAN, Coadjutor- Arclibishop. 