one^,CO LONIAL EXTRACTS. `A6t 'tlorirass polic' ourt on londay lastatinamaunamed Morrison, was fined £80, with professional costs, for; sly= grog selling at Jeir .; At `Mantoni's Creek,' near' Yass,'" a' 'inatilnamed Mlneiny riet with-an ao ,oident by a blast; and wars severely in jured. on 0! 'The Gundagai Time!,,ays :,Some 'nneagoo a paragraph in one of the. western papers ' tted"thait painkiller 'was a remedy. :.fdr 'plenr'opneumonibna. A residenti in 'this ItOvnl having aiyear lingCalf which manjffated unmistak able nsyptomso fbeoing ibadly affeoted with'tbis disease' resoadvhdi' to test the' effioacoy of the above ourative agent, the painkiller was nebrrdingly duly'ad ministered to the calf by M1r Centauri; the result being' that 'th'e "ainial has ,nearly recovered. " r' " i The Emmpire :ofMohday last states: -Blondin gives his last day performý" ance in the Domain this afternoon. (Monday) : and as the weather, which has hitherto been very, unfavourable forihis ascensioin hpromises po be fins, there will no'doubt'be:a large attend ance.. As a great number of the coun Itry.people were diuappbi'nted through the performance advertised;fopr Friday beiong postponed; the" Comm ssoner for' Ilailways bas extended` .ilie tin biz ) for' wdhich:the exoursion tickets 'ae adail'l able tillhTuesday evening::r; ' 'As an instance of they miistake some ,ersona miike'ih surre'idefrieg'tltei? life insuraoe -policies, ;woTi '(Burraargong Chronicle) maymention ;ghat, the late: Mr R rBlatihford, who was drowned, near Goulburrin last Friday, bad had his life insurpd. for £1000, rbut' unfortu nately'' drrendered 'li poliy about three mouths since,and, thdn received its cash value.1 ,, m"' I" AT' Molbournene Fri day last, three boys wero cainghtputtiii ggtbesoin the Hobsobi"iBay.railway' lti&e;,0aido they ;admitt ed,)t l heat bhirjgelgotths ttip the train over.., f r r!..[1 'At ten tminu'testob octock on Sat=. .urday 'evening ,hies'cEoolleneyT atten ded.the ou. Hehry ilalte D'oni J.(+G.l':IninesHon;. S: Hutchibon, and Mr.do Roebeck, aooompanied by. Lady Robinson, Miss. Robnsqn; Mirs Sti. J'ohn, ad Myiss Mann;i ft Govern-, ment" Hous' to proceo , on , board. I .M.S. Pail thein readyr td depart for the FijilIslaods:, As soon as the vice regal party iesued"fiom thewicket'gate ,faciig the Government Jetty, at Fort. Macquarie, one of the sailors of the Pearl (whorhad.been sent. to give' the sigual of tlie aproahhof h s Excellenoy) lit abluelgi]t; the ship ;iniediaitly answering with two blueliights, one 'on .tile quarter and one at the gangway. The G'overnor's barge was lying at the' jetty, in'which Captain Hlison R.N., accompanied the party on board; and after some little ,time spent in friendly adieus; Lady Robiisoni, and the other iladies, and MridPartesileftfor the shore. At half- past 9 o'olook the Pearl left her 'moorings in- Farm Cove, steamed downi the' harbour;' aidt.proceeded. on. her voyage: No 'dem'o'nstratioi", wlatofe e tookplae, 'and.:his Exeillcncy's em barkation was of suoi a'riipte niatire .thbatit was witlessed by 'onlya a .vv6ry few persons. We may mention that the GermaoCunsul' Mr.Chas. LuiSahll wasc alsqa: passenger' by H.M 8sPesrl,' he bhip:business is solely of a personal natire; aud!in no way connected with his Excellenoy's'm.issjo'n. ' A'hoaso was'seen fastenedto a" post in front'of a publio house inh1a ftor-' poori'of Thursday last, (says. tb: .&rr; rangong Chronicle) it was there the re mainder of the day, and up to' 'telve o'clook at night was not.removed.' The following morning "the animal was again observed in the same place, betokening signs of starvation. Whether it was standing in that spot or not.the whole night, we are not.pre. pared. to say, but from the -appearance of the poor bruto, we believe it had had nothing.-to;.eat for -hours.- Not'-; so, however,.with.its owner. as he evidently -had morethan he could carry. THEx Tenterfield Str rports tuepro. ceedings at an inquest oni the body of a man named John Tliidmpson, who committed suicideby cuttibg his 'throat ' with a tomahawk at Sandy Flat on Sept. 1. The evidence of a miner named. -gatthew- _-Mariner describes-j Tloji-i th's statji`f itiu djlirinom friiu d'riik. D;'eead'd was only 26 years of age, and had stuteud tha e I ,airoma" Afra a'rutrk?2l1TtI fined. ,- TagHel4 uvtvtii eil'arer Curtain Novell (says the Gun/burn .T d).hopl atelyrwaya offerin.g"=from_ illlieatlil, ihas recently returned from Sydney apparently rsturuid. lHe is now in his 89th year, and is still halo and hearty. Fallow deqrhave .noso inerpAsed,i . niuibeirson the VWerribee Park estale ncarfieelon that thf',$aro sometimes sebei in herds o? from"200fto 300. , Quiz, bfthe Bath $ ivesyi Wo:oe~aintlnYNdrnt a'br an q hohthie Society for the PrevniiQp of iiruelty to Ani sin Bpth and b cer tafiily~dmw require asooiety for'the preve titon of oruelty tol9hildren.; It hai been my lot durin' my term of reside ce in this city to witness casesi ot Zdt ired rtielty to childred, but on Su day evening, I heard and saw enough in two louses in tew rt #treete eo nake one's bipod boil: (6iftn ti i'ý II eard, forinstanoej woman using coarse and beastly augagto a child of tenderyears, and at te same time, brutally illusing the little one. I could not restrain a shout of',remon-, strance with this wonider, and,, t -all events for a time, there was uessation. In .aniother'house, I saw, throngh a window; another 'of'thWs nngels in boots'i unmercifully :ouff n a'lit'tl girl, and\at the same tiiune 6mmahding the poor chlildito hold 'its \tongue. jIt,i, not.always, the women are the gentle kind,and loving creatures they'are so frequently depieted, noris it -ossible that many, qf thetn laveo tdsfevtinder' eelings towa ghldten that are supposed to be foreign to the steirner~ sex ? What is ,.that\xso'freifiently. causes the idiotic expression ?, W what isa it that brings about deformity of limb in'tin ylittle onZ 'What is it tht'mkes the child shrink from is mother, and "long rfor. he ,timeawheon 'father willootie `h oe.m , Answer ne these questibns 'you females' who are givoen to wantonlyrill tising your off spring." Cana you look forward to the day when your children shall'blals and revereoperyou ?F rBelewvemiieithat un necessary;r and oixessivro punishment will' eventually bringeourses'instoad of blessings upon you. 'FI am an adv'ocate for reasqnable cihastisement, -but'I ide testand abborcruelty .;,, n AT the. Central Polioe-court on Friday ,, morning, J amnes, Farolly, obariged withthe i1-treatment.of the girl EJizalithdi .lerrick, ssgacommitted to takehis "trial at .the next sittings of the Central"Crimiinal Court bail being allowed, hiimsieltin'the ,sumi of £100, and two suretiies inf50 ach. Thp Illawarre 4tercury reports that the furious` westerly wind by whiclh the distrinti libeenr viste duing thor 'pa'et feld byL i dn-' the means of discalosing severail' ghastly and painful sights "at ''thi`old "Itoman Catholic burial-ground, tnib' thia lgdo6n "'The. said gravoyr'md " beidg'v sandibankil on the. sea shorde' theo lae winids"'have blown sthe.sand'away i neimanb"ripar sito a depth of several feet; therestili being; that several coffins,'ifithdall; that'now "exists.ofithemortalh e;6naintsdoposited witliin theinbeli a ieojbena exposed to THE drawing for' the iprizes offered tby tlieh33allarat ArtUnion, tookwplacer oin Thurs'd 'y 'last 9iThe rfirst prizej 'valulc 'at' £2000, as ,gron ,hy john I;annhdn, a farmer The secog'nd p'ize, alued at` £750, by CharlesBray a diraper ''The winno of the hirdpErizo is 'aiiminer.'L " "' '' > "THE Go0i0 liurnHerald'safy a"move ment has'.been initiated"id' faivbiur' of ..;presenting;:a 'testiimonial' 'to"'Walter JohulIitty,foi hi. courageouS exertibns whorebytheolife of Mr'Williani Davis, was saved on FridayE week when cros sing the Wollondilly. .The matter has een tafken up by seveiral getittlemen and promises to be fbmghfy successful THE IHon.Hry Pnarjes. (says the He'rat) returned to, Sydney last, night (Frida), having made the <journey ovierlad froth Melbourne in toe short tat timne, Rutuialy tiravellinig, on record. The disa bee t:iravallpd l'y rail as 819 miles by road 247, atrid:ih ithe s tim oupied, inclu'sive' of a'tbppasji on the .road~and:' st 'railway statzi6ds 'wpa's""45 hours. Since he left Sydnsey the t e mier has treye)led 2040 mile.os,orat Serite. ref somethinogover 107T miles a day The :oiurny from Goulburn to Sydney, 134 miles, was madb. "y ape cial traino 'in , three hours i 'n five nainhtes including stoppages. 1 I \- 'Va hre info ed (Saf a te ?eralrI) thatiis ~idt the intentiolna to appoint an.A ting ov rnomr durmng the absenec of 11sbx Ileonoy Sir Heronlem-iRobin son on tIipierial business n1 'F~.1), bm tliut thibPrenilmeori 1ll \ih Qt nPowere d 'to ',oirvenu 'th "eoxan t iv the'absenee of the Guvernort (1 nt:?\ 'Te Miiidisefbr worki (uayu thO 'lraidwonod 'lhi i'rAc) has .appointed Wednesday next, 28rd iiistamnt, as .the day for formally oppning the (1'arri bridgo. Onr Tuesday, the 8 h instant, .the bridge was taken over'i fromn flie contractor- by Mr ' Whitoside, the Gb veroment superintendent stationed-at Qucanboyan.- It is now opmn. for traffio. TE. Wfallaroo Times reports that the sohdoner Mayflower-Evans, mester-- -from' Port BTough ton to Port Adelaidp, put into Port.Wallaroo on -Anugust28, having been driven back by a, gale. The captain states that -the shooper lost her'jih,.in' consequence of" hichi she was- 'oomp lled' to takd·f h1/? iport. T epnate, Richard Burton, was swept ove bpard and drowned. ?,The fol wing letter, addressed to The editor of the Emnpire on the subject of Fisher's Ghost, with his reply, will be read with interest :--Sir,-Where rcan ,tLget;ha "authgnWtin saooount of theappearanoeof Fisher'j-nj iprition ? What judge tried the murder case, and who were the magistrates before whom the preliminary examinations were made 7 Where did the trial take place and when ?-[" An authentic dieotiuti?'°"fihT'nver apps i de will be rather difficult to find. The Fisher's ghost story ipr ieftarkablhifistanoe of the tenacity with which? superstitious and credulous people continue to cling, tosagublief1 injias;,eenJangjafter they bpyo,boone, exposed and refuted. It is -e`rathtit itnold man named Fisher was :murdered]t Campbelltown, sand, that the man who murdered ?him was con. fic e'm j goed in -Sydn . This was ip 182, and the report o the trial irill be found in the -Sy4de' Gazette for tha4 year;. There isnattif course, 'ia sylleýl about a ghos in ie authen Sticii~dcx't ofthe case. That part of the story as not invqnte until'six or sevounyoru aftiE d sr- adn first madeo its appearance in the Australian-Maga 'zince~a~ pittle inont" ly pujblication tieisd,'ti "'we "e'imet e1r "rightly, -in "838`f lf this ingdniouslytcoftrived. fiction, fqunded upln facts, the ghost part; of, the storyian,so; artfully[inter. woven' wiith"tbe real names, dates, and. pirou stai pes,,that many. pepplq who o.nghti, ave known bettor, ffeeived the whole -account "as :trutbh., The storygreeted% some sensation at the time; and no doubit answered the pur .pose if th fwriter in bringing his mnaga. zine into-notice.-a Some two or three years afterwiards (1841) this story, avif ee £op4 in0ot'e" qblical tion,,vau.p ciroulated, gave rise to a lengthebne iteriees'otdiscunssionsmon the " ibjeot, ofghosts in a dcbati'dflass at the Sydney-Sohool of Artis.' The bo lievers in ghosts were many, aup would in all probability in donsds udnoe of ,thewide-spread belief in- he reality of Fisher's ghost-lhave oavrxeidt the vote by meore ,oeight or numbers against thdir lriore laeegiljlh opiaefti? but for one circumstance.- The writer of the ghost Atotiy d'had giveil'.the'.nin f the personwrhio saw the ghost (a re ecta ble; resident of .auaipbelltown)l and through twhose.' instrumentdilit. the murydererihad been broiughto justice. This gentleman, on seeina his:iTame in.the papers in connection' with so absurd a matter in the reports o6f the ghopt debates,at the School fof' rArts, imnnediately wroteoto the,'HerAldf giv ing;a statemont,of the. real-facts, and indignantly exposing the ifalsehddd of' the. ghost "story :which, hegsaid, had not a shadow of oundhtioloin fact, and respecti ng., nothin .had been heatfl(,?t he at (tlgbyer of the mur der, ne' for years afterwards. The letter to -which we refer will he found in the files of the Herald for the earv1841 -'e-fore gette exact date. n giving this soneiwhat lengthy'stato ment, we have not ithe eul.ghte(t ex ipectatien of beinpg- able `toy convince silly and credulous people:that) the ; Fiser's ghost story is untrue-for the expocure has been several times made - ,wuthout effect-but as illust atin the "remarkable vitality of lyingstatements 1when they appeal to the superstitious feelings of ignorantpeople Th&e; Pall Mall Gazet e state that in the neighbourhood of Niagara a soene of-great excitement occurred on`the moc*ning pf fi ° powing t~o a painter, hid e ' )dd in painting the . , bridge .leading'fron., GoIt'"Island to the' Three Sisters having falle into 'rapids belol 'H9 ldriftd , with the currnut toa ;point ,,within 40O!feet of the falls, where he found anohorihge by coming in ontaet! with arook to which h m iln . inheantime, nes. ,of,tied,:acdident had spread, through-the villagcanTd' an immense crowd of spectators attracted probably by the prospoct{ f seeing a man carried over the falls assembled to gaze at him. It seemed LjQuit iinpdssible to rescue the unhappy-painterAfrom his perilous position. His- arms and body were. fast becomig ibeiurisbed, and losing their hold oin the slippory rook, when a vast shout arose frbm the spectators, telling bimhelp was. nigh, as a- guide named Tom' Comroy jumped into the rapids from the Cave of Winds, swam with the eurrent-until-be reached the exhausted painter; .whear he tied the rope round him; and the two men were draggod,ashore'asiiiidi'tib frantio ap 'rcseb.'ai1 on thei~l: 'phiskygsalbones has beeht the ocoasion of a great- inia jokhs. One paper saya,."Jt,,i S; saidof . the >temperauce crusades that'Cthey.dritkinot, noither do they sin; yet"Solomon, ie all his glozy,-:was not- a' raid lilke' one of. them.'-" . 'In aiiother bne "eierad, " A German sanloon.-keepor 'in liillersburg says: 'VOn I goes in my betI sl~egs not go'$~.-I ·,reaz·ps,au m~n~heod 'dat FI heers~de~m'iVdfeli2 ld~yifg and sing; Iing in puine ears' datJ~su l~t ivcsjme :v~~odeus me 6" gtijh Irpfgtcm "iieii'd valk' oi do floor and te anud 'deglasb of beor."" Tea a la Russe is beoom'ing quite '; fashionable. in· London.' 'For 8hi I novelty sooiety is' indhted to be IDue less of Ediburgh. I todtisti to s ithe ubastithtion of slinoe U lesh'o''for creaim, and no te tray ris y fnOsWcfrinto a 'fashionable drawring-robib ' wi'thoit a nmoll .- glass : dish- ..containiiig slikes of lemon out with the rind on -Care must be taken to mix the bover age with due observation of the~ nor thorn custom, which is thus describod. The sogar dropped into the .sup 'must 'be of the:smallest sise, lesa the flavour of the lemon sboull be 'destroyel.- A islie'otrlbnioun is ii.tcli plceJ on the sugri and the at. pcourediW 