^tttqtamm^nte. ^ -? ITALIAN OPERA. Verdi's fine opera, 'Un Ballo iu Masohera,' lias been given in Adelaide .more than once in the two previous seasons, and *lways with great success. The story is A romantic one of love, jealousy, and as sassination, and withal there is a weird air of the supernatural running through it, The music is suitable to such a subject ; it is start ling, beaitifol, and ?wonderfully fascinating. There is great variety in it ; sometimes it i* ?oft and gentle, and anoa wild, rushing, and intense. Some of the airs are beautiful, and the concerted music thrilling and sublime. We do not think it has ever been presented with such grand effect in Adelaide as it was on unuraaay evening, xnere was a magnificent house, all below the gallery being crowded, and thu undoubtedly had an exhilarating effect upon the performers. The cast w&s; as follows : — Tticcirdo, Signor Bpseati ; Benato, Signor Coliva ; II Paggio, Signora Coy ; Samuello, Signor Dondi; Tomasso, Sigaor Fiorani ; Sylvano, Signor Favas ; II Cuidice, Mr. Johnson ; Ulrica, Signora Magi ? Amelia, Signora Palmieri. Oa its first repre sentation in Adelaide the part of the Page was taken by Signora Cortesi ; that of Amelia by \ Signora Zenoni ; aad that of Ulrica by Signora ^PollL It is unnecessary either to compare or contrast these lalies with those who took the characters on Thursday. We need only say that Signora Coy made a oharming little Page, dainty, mischievoup, and meddling; and her rendering of the pretty -little air, 'Vblta la Zana' was most effective. Signora Magi as the Sybil was an improvement on Licy Chambers in the sane part, and about on a, par with Signora Polli. The incantation ccene, in the beginning of the second act, was one of weird interest, and Magi sang and acted the part with passion and effect. Signora Palmieri, in the character of the unhappy Amelia, rose to a greater height than she has yet done in this city. Her conception of the part was a fine one, and her vocal and dramatic ren dering of it was of a cultivated artiste. We prefer this gifted laiy in this part to any she has yet assumed in Adelaide. Rosnatd was in fine voice, and carried the audience with him to the last scene of all, when he fell under the dagger of his friend. Ooliva ha made the part of Benato peculiarly his own, and he sang with greater smoothness than be used to do on his former appearances here. He is -always a ^careful singer and an accomplished actor ; but it is in such parts as Bigoletto and Benato that he excels, for in these intense emotion and tenderness, mingled with the desire for revenge, are required. The c in spirators, Djndi and Fiorani, had not much to do, but they did it well, especially the former. There was something almost unearthly in the hollow mocking laugh in the discovery tcane, when Amelia cowered aad quiverei under their demoniacal scorn. Alto gether the Opera was magnificently giveD, and it will-bear repetition with sucU a cast. The scenery and accessories were creditable, the ?horn* as fair as we could expect, and the band effective, though we wish Signor Zslman would keep bis instruments more subdued at times, where the voices are occasionally idrowned by the volume of sound. - . Thte third performance of ' la Juive' at the Boyal on Friday evening again attracted a brilliant house, which must have been gratify ing alike to the Management and to the per formers. This grand opera is one of the greatest successes ever achieved in Adelaide. There is a fine historic mediaeval flavor about the story, the music is grand and impressive, and the per formers eminently adapted to fill the parts, they sustain. ' As on former occasions, the chief; interest centres in Signora Zenoni-Gamboa and Signor BoBnati, aad nothing can be finer ox more impassioned than their rendering of the characters of' the representatives of the perse cuted ancient people. The other parts, notably those of Signor and Signora Coy, Dondi, and Baldassari, were given with great effect. The spectacular presentation of the opera was cre ditable to the Management, when we consider :__ the limited capacity of the stage and the small 7* ness of the chorus. Don'zefcti'a tragic opera, 'Lucia di Lam metmoor,' was given at the Royal on Saturday evening, to a capital house, the drees circle ?tod stalk presenting a brilliant appearance. TMs opera, which has maintained its hold on the tnusio-loving public of Europe, is supposed ' to be founded oh Sir Walter Scott's melan choly novel of the same name, bat the libret tist has departed a long way from' the story as told by the ' Wizard of the North.' As set to music by Donizetti, however, it has many of the elements which give permanent- ?access to * work of this kind. It has been given several \- times in Adelaide. Last season it sereed to tfBbAroduce the Coys to their many admirers fcere. Signor Cey taking the part of Edgardo, sod.lhe Signora that of Lucia. Dondi took the SjWrt 'of Baimondo, and BenBO that of ArtnrO. ?fJnSiturday evening the cast was in some re SMw». different :— Ashten, Signor Coliva ; Fd '-*§«$-,: Signor Coy; Arturo, Signor Tavella; tftMmbndo, Signor Fiorani; Norman, Mr. gii&iiou;^ 'AHsa,- Signora Tournerie; Luckfc, ; - SfevDra PaMieri. With the exception ©f Bftltm'?'*^'! n»° ^°*i^^'g oharaoters were admir ably, susten^^aj^ora Palmleji -ng 'an sAteid ihe. .part 'of rftbje. unhappy Xucia- with -njngnlar 'taste*, ana [?'g&J;&fc.; ISTfiis' Ufa -greatly' imBrojros on Jnrther acaualiuanoe. Servblo !7*^^*£ ^TJZPr jWr^rTTj ?' *TTI: Wf J5'5'T'r Tf*i3T *~-~t£-?l- is a ;nae one; -and has been thoroughly .cults vated.. ' There is only Jone drawback in her style of singing— -she is too persistently vibratory in her utterance; a little oE this Is aa ornament, hut^BomachloI iit becomes somewhat wearisome.. Hermtyle is exceedingly florid, in this respect unlike that of Signora Zenoni, who is severely chaste, and classical. Palmier! is, ? however, a: true'artiste, as she has proved more than once in Adelaide, Signor Coy won immense praise in Edgardo. We 'know of no part he has yet assumed which brings . out th^ fullness .and, sweetness of his fine voice as this does.' 'Signor Ooliva was, as he invariably is, painstaking, conscientious, and therefore . successful in his rendering of the stern Ashtoliu Of the rest it is not necessary £9. say anything,, boring the whole of the, performance !tbe.appi:Hisfi' was, en-: thuedastio, and, as a rule,* judicious ; Signora Palmieri and Signor Coy received the usual tribute of -floral offerings, and Co'tiva had no cause to feel disappointed at the reception he met with. ' ?' j ' . . ? ? .. On Monday we were' introduced to Bos sini's great opera ' Semiwmide.' The story takes us far back into the past .ages, and places mytbico-historioo characters ..upon, the sfcage^ who, oddly enough, jtfi^out in delicious music their loves, , hates, and sorrows. The story is somewhat complex and mixed;. but it serve i the composer on which to -hang some exquisitely, beautiful music, and that after all is the end of opera. There was a grand and densely-crowded house, His Excellency and [party occupying the State box. The cast. was as follows:-: A8sur (a Prince of Babylonia), Signor Dondi ; Arsaoe fa young . Commander of the . Queen's Army), ' Signora Magi ; Idreno (an . Indian Chief), Signor Coy ; Oroe (Chief of the Magi), Signor Fiorani; Semiramide (Qaeen of Baby-' Ion), Signora. PalmierL, In addition to tfcesB the resources of the' company were tested to* produce unoourtly courtiers, irreverent priests, suspibous Indian slaves, and truculent' war riors. Ther opera, however, was put, on 'the stage; in.suct a way as has nit yet been attempted in Adelaide; the scenery; was new *nd effective, and the. dresses Vere .magnifi oent The 'Utmost was Biade of the limited stage, and -the artist had managed by his clever pencil^to give an idea of. magnitude and dis l.tanee 'which we could hardly have imagined possible in such a small space. . . ' We need not tell oar readers that the musio of this well-known' opera' is exauisitely beauti ful throughout. The overture, which, was ex oeedingly well played, gaVe an idea of what was to follow. The principal characters were rendered with unusual efficiency. ' Sijrnora Palmieri, as the guilty Queen, won increased honors by her singing and acting. . The musio of the part is such as to test the highest powers of the most accomplished prima donna, and Palmi ri was equal to it ; and she looked queenly, whioh is no small matter ia a work of this kind. Unquestionably this lady is an .artiste of rare aooainplishirients, and on Monday she gave the highest exemplification of her powers we have yet had from her in this oity. Signora Magi -made a splendid Arsaoe, her fine voice, clear as a bell, expressed the difficult but lovely musis which Rossini wrote, rhisyoung lady adorns every thingshe attempts, but In the character of the Chief Captain she wasjniperb. In the dosing act tbe duet be tween her and Palmieri was perhaps the greatest musical treat we have haa in Adelaide, and it was Imperatively encored and repeated Both ladies .'were almost 'overwhelmed, with showers of bonquets. The voices blended in exquisite harmony, and produced *n' Im pression whioh will not soon, be . forgotten. Ooadi, . as ~ Assur, was' .worthy . to take his place beside the ladies; and Signbr Coy personated the Indian Chief,' and sang the music allotted to him with delicacy and effect. We. cannot say as maoh of Fiorani, who was tame and expressionless throughout. We could imagine what the opera would have been with Ooliva or Baldassari in the character. By the way, the latter gentleman jmaete a capital ghost. Altogether, Semirami iels the grandest work the company have yet produced. The. prin- cipal performers won fresh laurels by its per formance, and the crowded audience were certainly hot niggardly in their praise. - The opera was repeated on Tuesday evening to a crowded house and delighted the audience even more than it did on its first performance. ' Poliuto', better known in Europe as * The Martyrs,' was performed for- the first time in Adelaide on Wednesday evening, to a fall house, and, from the manner in which, it was Ren dered, thoroughly took the large audience by surprise. Coming, as the opera did, under a *snmaivlia.f. hav nftmn A-rnpnf.afci.-.n iria nn ''f.in. toe as to its met its, -but from the ©pehing of its somewhat quaint overture, to the concluding quartotte'ahd thorns, the interest of . the audr ence did not iUg for a, single bar ; and so much was the opera' itself, as well as the -manner in which it was gone through, appreciated by the audience, that many were the wishes of having another opportunity of hearing it Tae oast was — Severo, Signor Coliva ; Felice, Signor Fav^s ; Polruto, Signor fiosnati ; Pao llna, Signora- Zansni-Qamboa ; Gallistene, Signor Fiorani; Nearco, Mr.- G. A. Johnson. The opera abounds with that which moat audiences appreciate— flowing airs and fine con certed pieces, with massive *nd well written: instrumentation, giving frequent opportunities for the display by the members of the orchestra, of delicate solo playing, among which must be noticed clarionet, flute, and bassoon, with which {jhe'overture commences in andante time, suc ceeded by an allegro for the full power of the orchestra, which introduces a chorus before the curtain rises. ' - \- Signora Z jnoni-Gamboa, as is alwajs the case, acted her part to perfection, and rendered' her various solos and recitatives 'with a pathos in harmony therewith, while in the concerted pieces, including duets with Kosnati and Coliva respectively, septette and 'quartette,' her vdicn* rang above theirs with thrilling clearness] and produced such an enthnsiaisni in the audience' that nothing but a repetition was; sufficieiit t» quell the applause with which two t-f the pieces were received.' Colira, as is his wont, was most successful in hls^pait, and deservedly: ihared, as did also Ttosnati, the honors which were most lavishly bestowed. Eosnati was' evidently suffering from a Blight cold at the conmieiioement of ihe opera, ^but - soon re covered his usual robustness of voice, and with his careful acting ' carried the audience with him throughout. Fiorani was tolerable, but we have heard him' to' 'better advantage than he appeared as -CaHis-- ?tene ; bat we were rather 'surprised 'to find so : much' allotted to, and to hear that muoh; so oirefnlly rendered by, Mr. Q. A. Johnston' as Nearco. This is not a subordinate part; and wouldbe better in more able hands. StUI, we mnBt say that the part was' by no mean's neg-~ ilected by its representative on Wednesday. 'The scenery throughout was very appropriate and good, and the chorus was more. effective' than it usually is; but it would add, as we have had occasion to -notice before; much to the completeness of the , opera were the members of the chorus to° -realise their situa tions more completely; and' act more in unison with the principal oharaoters. As we have previously said, tbe instrumeutatton Is in places very fine, and' the -orchestra did full justice to it, at times leading the voices on with delicacy, at other timeB with thef all and elaborate swell of the most robust composi tion. ? ? ? ' ?'. We must' not forget to' mention that Mr. Hall, in the absence of the leader, who has been recalled to Melbourne on acoouat of family illness, led the orchestra with bis usual ability, and we; congratulate Mr, Zelman that we hare such an ^able substitute resident m th9 colony. j ' ' ♦ ; . ? f ' Ob Saturday afternoon Mrs.-Mupgrav* gave a garden' party At Gsverament Wouw, Whioh was largely attendeda Ample provision had been made-for cronquet and other outof door amusements, but unfortunately tbe un favorable state of the weather drove the gaily attired i ladies-indoors, *n4 we need hardly say the gentlemen soon .-followed, HoinitiiBtand ing the disappointment arisisg from the ^^tt^sTpEeaBantafternoofawa* spent; ; - .':!'.: ' . I On:Thorsiiay-:BveniBg,.September 24, a musical- and dramatic entertainment was given by imstenrs: ia ther- 'Bown Hall,- Port Adelaide; in aid of tbe funds of the Kensington Park OvaL Despite a meagre attendance, &e; pertormances ware mbkt'creditably earned out. The first part ? of die programme consfatedof music, and the last of a farce, entitled 'To Paris and Back for £5, ' the oharaoters being; well sustained. The piece created much merriment. .. j There was a fair attendance, at the Temperance Hall, J^orth Adelaide,, on Wednes day evening, September 30, when an entertain ment was given for the benefit of Mrs. F. Peryman, The: programme, which consisted of overture,-, songs, duets, and choruses, .was carried out successfully by Mesdamea Peryman, Harris and Fowler,' and Miss Sparkman, Messrs. Pybus, McBride, Gowenlock, Williams, Healy, and O'Brien. Bouquets were liberally showered upon the lady for whose benefit the entertain ment was given ; other of the performers also receiving marks of approval, and having to «nb m$t to encores. After the concert a ball took place, which was kept up till an advanced hoar. . ? . . - ' There was a large and very appreciative audience. 'at the concert given in the Hotel .Europe on Monday evening, September 28, in ,sidi)lthe funds of the Loyal Princess Koyal Lodge. The programme oomprised an overture, 'Tanoredi,' and eeleotioas from 'Lucia di Lamtnermoor,' by the Concordia Band, four excaflent choruses by the Liedertafel, and several duets and solos by Herr O. Stange, Messrs. O. B. Mumme, and H. Christen, the Misses Vandepeer, Miss A. Peters, and other lady amateurs. The programme was carried ?ont very effectively, and several pieces, were ehoored. At the closa of the concert the room was' cleared for a ball, when a large number of the devotees of Terpsichore ' tripped the light fantastic' to the mellifluous strains of the Con oordiaBand, until the ' wee sma' hours'1 had far advanced. A successful total abstinence demon stration was, held at Athelstone, in the Insti tute, on Wednesday evening, September 23. It was the anniversary Celebration of the Excelsior and Hope of Athelstone Rechabite Tents. The tea, which was well patronised, was followed by a soiree, when the Institute was crowded with an enthusiastic audience. D.C.R. Bro. F. W. Wood presided. The re port of the past year's proceedings was read by Bro. Amber. A recitation by a young lady, Sister Hamley, was delivered in a pleasing manner, and elicited hearty applause. The programme included, songs, by Bros. C. H Matters, Wood, and Mr. Waters ; recitations by Sister Amber, and Bros. G. Bickle, Boord, and C. H- Matters ; and addresses by Bros. B. rP Mudge, D.T., and C.H. Matters. The proceedings were enlivened by the Prince Alfred Fife and Drum Band. Votes of thanks having been accorded, the meeting closed. The first entertainment in connection with the Teatree Gully Mutual Improvement Society was held in the Sohoolropm on Friday evening, September 25. Mr. J. Daw ooonpied the : chair. The programme, which was ' a long one, was opened . by Mrs. F. Lane playing &a; overture. Then came a pro logue by Mr.: A. Wilson, that caused maoh fan ; followed by a duet by Miss and Mr.' Watkins, bo well rendered that, they had to respond to an encore ; the song, '? Mother Kissed me in my Dreams,' was sung by Mr. H. Haiaes. Headings were afterwards given by Dr. Elphlok aad Mr. W. Haines, and recitations by Messrs. A. Wilson, W. Dunn, and J. M. Flanigan. A scene, ' The Rivals,' was taken part in by Messrs. H. W. Daniel, J, M. Flanigan,. W. Dunn, and J. Boyle ; and another scene, 'The Schoolmaster Abroad,' was per formed by Messrs. W. Haines, F. Lane, W. Boyle, H. W. Daniel, W. Dunn, W. Young, and J. M. Flanigan. The usual thanks brought an enjoyable enterlalnment to a close. An entertainment was given in the Mitcham .Tsstitute on Friday evening, - Sep tember '25, by the members of the Mitoham Dramatic Club, towards raising funds for fencing and planting the reserves of the dis* trici. There wm a very large attendance, the Hall being well filled. The programme, which was a lengthy one, commenced with an overture by a lady amateur, which was muoh applauded. A romantic drama, in two acts, entitled 'The Seven Clerks,'' followed, Mr. J.' B. Oldham impersonating Claude Darnand, which cha racter he seemed to have thoroughly mastered. Messrs. C. B. Taylor and W. A. Crewder also acted well, the former taking Simon SiggeL, the hungry servant ; and the latter Brainoourt, the young nobleman. The remaining characters ware taken bj Messrc Gardiner, Page, Todd, Hughes; Hornabrook, F. J. Crowder, and F. P. Townsead, the last' named acting the part of Viotorihe, Ol aide's daughter. After an interval came a musical melange, 'in whioh Messrc. Southwell, Peacock, and Snell Sang several songs. Mr. Pea*o«k gave some comic songs, «nd was loudly applauded. . The entertainment, whieh was an excellent one; conoluded with' the' side-splitting faroe t-f 'Tweedleton's Tail coat,' characters being taken by members of the Club, the' whole aff air being a great success. : On Monday evening, September 28,' the members of the Dayspring Lodge of Good Templats gave a miscellaneous concert to the inmates' of the Parkside Lunatic Asylum. Mr. Councillor Madge presided. There was a very large attendance, including several influential visitors: The programme consisted of instru mental solos apddaets ; vocal trios, duets, and songs; recitations aad readings, by Mrs. Carr, Misses Weller, MoOrenor, and two other ladies ; Messrs. Plummer, C. Kelly, Newbon, G. Pank, Hendry, ' B. Berry, Jan., Shore, Sale, and W. O. BendalL All the comic songs Were encored, and every other piece was received with' applause. - There were some excellent compositions perforated with great taste and ability— for instance,' the instrumental duet in the second put. Miss McOrenor's ' God Bless the Prince of Wa'es,' and the duet'' When a Little Farm We Keep,? by Mrs. Carr and Mr. Plummer. Notice ought to be made of the pleasing manner in which rthe accompaniments were rendered by Mrs. Oarr and Mr. Kendall. The singing of the National Anthem closed a capital concert. ' - The f oiiriax of the series of entertain ments held in St Luke's i'liurch Lecture Hall, took place oa Monday evening,' and was most successfully carried ent. 'The performers, whether as instrument dists, ' -soloists, or elocu tionists, acquitted themselves in an able manner, and'were greatly applauded by ^the very large attendance. The following selections were given :— Fantasia, Mrs. Powell ; duet, ' The Consins,9? Mrs. MacMinand Miss Scaatiebury ; song,^' Clasping Hands,' Mr. Saadersbn ^recita tion, ''The' Village Blacksmith,' Mrs. Solomon ; jsong, 'Strangers Yet,' Miss Bainsford; read ing, 'Caudle Lecture,' Mr. Biri; song, ' There's a Path by the Elver,' Miss Hall ; duet, 'How sad it is to say Farewell,' Miss Baitasford -and' Mr. Sanderson.- The second part of the programme being — Fantasia, Miss laussen; song, Mr. Shakespeare; song, Mrs. Lenthall; recitation, Mr. Laughton; song, 'Wishing Gate,' Mrs.' MackHn; recitation, ^Bridge »of Stehs,' Mr. W. Shakespeare ; song, ' Mary of Argyle,' Miss Scantlebury ; duet,^* The Happy Policeman,' by Miss Hall and Mr. Tids well. Ambflgst those calling for special7 men tibn were the recitations of Mrs. J. M. Solomon aiaa ar, w. bbakespewe, the fantasia by Mrs. Powell, and the daet by Miss Bainsford and Mr. Sanderson. The daet ' The Happy Police man,' in character, by Miss Hall and Mr. Tidswett, caused great laughter, «nd had to be repeated. The National Anthem concluded a very ^eeable evening'* enteriatomfent. ??'???'? On Monday fprenoon Messrs. Allen Brother*, oftaoh proprietors, left at -our offioa a liimpjof snow of irregular shape, but averaging about a font in diameter. This snowball was gathered by some boys on Mount Lofty, and is to Adelaideans a cariosity, showiog forcibly what kind of weather has be;n recently ex perienced Sn our bill;. 