LADIES' LETTER. [From our own Correspondent] Paris, September 5. The prospect of all political parties gaining the day in 1880 is only eclipsed in interest and happiness by the solemn opening of the sport- ing season, where again brethren can be seen dwelling together in unity. At the several railway termini there reign much animation and picturesqueness, and if the fair sex be in a minority the canine race does not want repre sentatives ; indeed it would seem that dogs of every species, of high and of low degree, whether puppy, whelp, or mongrel, are good for the sporting service. The animals, like their masters, understand their epoch, and both are eager for the fray ; some of the animals, bow ever, have a downcast look, feeling that they are at the mercy of inexperienced shots, for whom all is fish that comes into their net, man's faithful friend included. Daring the taa by rail, the most noisy and familiar conversation takes plane between the dog? and their masters. They understand each other so well, that one b tempted to believe they belong to the same famUy, and that no misting link after all sepa rates them. What a concert of voices for ears polite or otherwise; barkings, whistlings, up braiding*, imprecations, and apnetk. "Oastot b as disobedient aa "Pollnx," and "Diane** as unruly at "Acteon." The dinners which take place on the occasion of the opening ef the shooting season have a peculiar character, there being bo ceremony, and a great deal of gaiety. The ladies do not appear in grand toilette; their r«e b effaced by that of the heroes of the day—the "bagmen"—to any display in the way of dress would be a sheer lon. Man for the moment has returned to hb primitive nature, when be lived by hunting, hb eyes and hb ears are only for bis kindred Niinrods, and their triumphs, whether real orromantic, equally please. There are spotawomea who here abo mike known their olaima, and have their claims allowed; they are made op in character, ao as to follow to the field some warlike lord without inconvenience; their oostumeb in cloth ; gaiters, high boots, and abort jopons ; they have men* oaUara and steel belts, the collars aad cuffs being of dif ferent colors; ferryman's hat; a tiny game bag b sluog across the back with fowling piece on shoulder; no wonder they are more dangerous for the dbdples of St Hubert than for part ridge*, quails, rabbits, and timid hares, such strong minded titters are rarely unmarried, and if so, are not long left to pine on the stem. The peculiarity about going to the seaside b thb—You leave the city, expecting to enjoy a little blest retirement, end find you are but in tbe centre of your circle of friends and acquaintances. There has been really more serious bathing done thb season than flirtation. ao that ladies have * truly healthful look, and with such a good flow of spirits in addition, quite a change has act in on the part of gentle men in search of wives. Tfceyare opposed to who axe pale and bony, as indica tive of apecial rearing, to speedily fall tick, with a tendency to early death; hencs, ladies ate renouncing Banting, and are graduating to become robust, without being full, to patronbe the dietary of their mothers aad grandmothers, tather than ambroaiaintheform of sweetmeats, and nectar in tbe shape of cordials, for lips though nay mast be fed. It seems but aa yesterday the fatbisnable world left Parts in one of its swallow flights, and it b now oa the wing back, following the early ohilb of autumn, and the capital puts forth ait her seductions to entice the wandering aheap into the fold; the theatres offer their broadest forces, their wittiest comedies, and their most tender melodramas; the restaurants their snuggest cabinet*, their nest appetising melt; the shops are full of marvels in silks, velvets, cashmeres, and jnerinoes, of every shade of blue, brown, and green, and at ridiculously low prices, for plethoric purses; tile new bon nets are aot the less •lucks because they recall our grandmothers, who wished, sensible women, to have eometbing on their head, palpable to feeling as to sight; the booksellers remind us to by in our stock «f literature now for the whiter, aa we would our supply of firewood aad screened coal, and the persons who count upon an annual gratuity for serving, neg lecting, or tormenting you. feel as interested faTyonr longevity-till New Tear's Day at leatt-M the Immranoo Oompaay with which you have efferted a heavy policy, with or with out participation in profits. After all, there b no pbeelike Paris; to feel thb truism, pitch your tent elsewhere for a time, if only to expe rieaoe the delightful sensation of being carried bank to Old Virginia. The suppression of the betting offices is really a boon to Parisian society, as the extensive nature of their organization, and their propa gandism, were eating upwards through all abuses. The hard-working population—waiters, barbers, tradesmen, apprentices, school boys, clerks, and shop assistants, have since some seasons worshipped the golden calf, being at once the victims as well as the adorers of—to the French—the new idolatry; and people of easy position were commencing to mix with the crowd, being drawn by the current to try their luck—for once, certain to return to take their revenge; but saddest of all was the spectacle of women being proprietors of such offices and of foolish sisters treading in the same fatal path as men. The Government has done right to decree the excision of the cancer, the people directly affected will be most benefited ; " it will mend their morals, never mind the pain." There is another class of dens that ought to be taken in hand, namely, the hotels of sea side towns. Here the visitor is unmercifully plucked, and has not even, as in rouge et noir, the ghost even of a chance on his side. Each summer the observation is too well founded that hotel prices have increased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished. A number of fleeced tourists are publicly soliciting the re ceipted bills furnished by the proprietors of the sinning hotels, intending to publish them in the form of a handy book, But travellers, unless officials and the followers of Mr. Mould, never do preserve their hotel bills; they are not agreeable souvenirs, those which recall the quart d'haure de Rabelais. One cannot but throw in imagination an old slipper after the idea for good luck. It resembles the Septennate that so many with to support without the slightest belief in its durability. Parents have been brought to consider the question of punishment in public schools by the notorious case of pupil-flagellation in a neighboring nation. The rod is not used in French Collegiate Institutions as a rule. It has been found to demoralise the scholar—to fail in its object; for all chastisement which does not go to the heart, which does not con duct to salutary repentance, is injurious and defeats its end. There are two school holidays weekly in thb ooantiy—Sunday, and Thursday in part; and thb rule v in uniform vigor from Oalaii to JBayonne. By preventing the pupil's enjoyment of thaw holidays, by compelling him to write interminable lessons from dictation, or to commit to memory ao many lines of Latin, fee, poetry, constitute the general nude of punishment. Under thb routine of narrow dh^plina, without counterweight, the mildest ir'""'"*?r becomes soured and sulky, and the germs of indiscipline and hypocrisy take root, for it b a maxim painful to record among the youth of the Universities of France, "The 1 worst of enemies boar matter." The autho ( rlties hesitate to touch thb system of discipline I —prefer to consider* boy only at a machine to I Uanta 1-tfleUtin and lost Greek; henoe it b not surprising that so many parents, mothers above all, ever quick to detect an alteration in the temperament of their boys, prefer to send their sons to be educated outside France, till at least they have accomplished their tender yean. What a loss to the catalogue of noble and devoted women is lima Basainp. We believed, on her own statement, th«t she rowed her husband across the dark and stormy water the evening of his escape, dressed in white, all in white, as delivering angels are supposed to be so clad. Well, it seems the lady'a part was played hy a daring young man—one Doineau— half sailor, half militaire, Mmc, Bazaine's fantastical account is now unanimously re jected. She holds undoubtedly everything to be fair in war. Then she may be pardoned, as she loved much. The most romantic history of the evasion will be the account of the trial of tie disloyal guardians of the prison, and the inflaenees brought to bear on them to open the doors. It is difficult to blind French authorities with concocted ctories. and more so, to export the nation to believe them. Another ex-Commander, but of a different kind, is Garibaldi, for whom a Bobinson Crusoe life msy have charms, but is certainly not produc tive of practical philosophy. In his book, just published, on the marchings of his celebrated "Thousand Volunteer*" in the liberation of Italy, Garibaldi employs the preface to venti late his political views. One can guess, in advance, what these axe respecting the clergy, against whom he was not always so rabid. He harmonised with them at Palermo, and duly attended Mass as Chief of the State. Perhkps next in his contempt is the Government of Italy. In this the Komans, while esoaplng the rale of the priests, bave but fallen under tUe equally bad administration of the King. It is oat of the frying-pan into the five. Leaving home politics, recommending young Raman* to profoundly study them m the one tiling needful, Garibaldi proceeds to detl with theevlls of society at large; to core all the ills that political fleih is heir to, and to make the world a paradise. Nothing it eeem< is required from as but to eat exactly one-half less than we do, tbas the starving half of our raoe will be fed at good ays ourselves. This pauaoea of short commons will have the merit of being new, the oharateristia alone of all similar elixirs, not that the sincerity of the old General is to be questioned, his abstemiousness being on a par with his poverty. It seems so odd that he who could have been all but king, sod declined more than vice- regal recompense*, should have no other money at bis banken than the 12.000 francs expected to be realised by the subscriptions to bis book. There is where he shines, as patriots generally keep ao eye to the main chance, commencing by feathering their nests. September is the month for anniversaries and pilgrimages in Franoe, and were the almanao regularly followed, not an hour could be spared to attend the fete of Bt. Cloud, which is a correotly conducted Donnyfanwk Fair, wad tint every true Parisian worth his salt is expected to visit and perform Ms share of tomfoolery, for a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men. Then the di*troetiotit of St. Cloud have Hie advantage of neither offending nor favoring any style of politician. They recall tile good old times, when the " whole duty of man" in France was ! to eat, drink, and be merry ; when the monarch ! had no fear for bis head being whipped off, nor I his subjeoU being compelled to undergo the same unpleasantness. Bevolutionary terrors, monarchical reactions, imperial quietism had better be interred for ever; indeed, a national, not an international league of peace, is very much required, where apostles could i practise, not preach toleration—it is the preach -1 ing; which kUls—and ao remove one of the chief evils of French ascoal life. Some good natured people not going the length of be lieving in the Miilmnfatm did expect that tile i endemic of pUgrimaasa, which bant forth like a political campaign last summer, would have effeoted an important change for the better; in this respect we have but to mourn the hopes tint leave at; the pious mania has not com pletely died out, the pilgrimages an being modestly resumed in numbers, as well as in appearance; they are fewer, but tile de- I votees have less the air of excunionists I and holiday makers; their appearance it business-lisa, severe, and ascetic; and there is a disposition] to practice mnrtifination, as second- class carriage* an only now patronised, an alteration that does not at all please such heretic*! gentlemen as railway directors, who test me progress of practical religion by tbe weekly receipts of the Uses. French ladies, who have ever a great deal of spare time on their hands, despite their ability to peruse all the novels as they appear, ace more and more forming Societies to provide clothing for tile poor; they either make up the share of materials allotted to them, or present articles fashioMd and completed according to their own Meas; bat the *nna«?Mqt?i rule is to work themselves, and so set a good example. Another excellent idea is the volunteer service of many ladies of high rank to teach girls every kind of fancy work. Other excellent persons afford gratuitous instruction in modern lan guage. Madame de Maollahon is the moving spirit in these measures for the amelioration of her fellow countrywomen. Among other new lady plant, is the opening of a oantral depot, where ladies oaa consign their cast-off ward robes to be sold for their account, and ao escape the ordinary old do 1 dealer. These "rejected dresses," if their state permit, will be repaired and cleaned, dyed if necessary, before being put up for sale. A new puna has appeared, having a watch on one side, and the owner's crest or initials on the other; "time is money." is that incul cated, and the. pickpocket enabled to kill two birds with the one stone. t3T The Bouquet.—A. M. Bicepo?b & Boss : have much pleasure in introducing to the public their , latest Cordial for the Summer Season. The care that is taken in manufacturing this delicious Drink, together with the Durity of its ugredienta, warrant* then * n highly wM*niY|m«?n customer*. For family use, nothing can lie aged in the noose with the same satisfactory results for allay ing the taint. For invalids the delicate flavor aid booq.net entices them to take it with that relish so much sought for in cases of sickness. For ell who anon alcoholic compounds this refreshing Bummer Beverage is brought strongly before their notice, being entirely tree of spirits. Sold Betail all through the Colony. South Australian Cordial Faa tory.—A. M. BrcErosD ft 60ns, Proprietors, dc ♦'It's an 1U wind that blows nobody any good" U a, saying equally trite and true, and la well exemplified by the present outctxd BUxm of tile market for SBAPKBT GOODS, which, whilst it •eriouflly curtails the proBU of importer!, «n. •bles the public to obtain far better nine for ! tbelr money than they otherwiae wobU. A teferenee to'oor advertising oohnnna will show tint Means. Nobthmor* & Dbas have availed themnlvei of the advantages whioh an exten sive trade offers of purchasing large quantities at radaaed prices, and are oOeringlaimUar ad> vMracatotholroiiatoaienu da •XT The Residents of Glenelg snd Brighton are respeotfally informed that T. Loneboah, Draper and CHothier. 62, Hindley-street, will Ottena?ranohKaubliahment on Thursday, sth November, at Glanelg, opposite Mr. HitohooxV, Ohemist. The Tailoring, Dresanuking, and Millinery will be oarried on nnder " management. The Stock will comprise a general Aasortment of first-cUss Drapuy and B^ady- Hade Clothing. T. I*, hopes by attention to baoneas and supplying agoodartieleatamode< rate prioe to soarit a eha.-e of patronage. T. iKWUfiABT. Draper and Olothier, 62, Htndley. street; and at Qienelg, oppodte Mr. flttohoox's, Ohemist. wfmo 