COUNTRY LETTERS. TWO WELLS. Aoril 30. This town is unusually dulL The weather being favourable for sowing the farmers are all buBy,and much . land" is" already. planted. It. is hoped there will be. a better «Awi'eAAaMi.4>hati flih loet , ingathering next season than the last produced., Notwithstanding -the failure of lastharvest ? there are eigne of progress in thisplace. Mr^T. C.Fowler has erected a commodious store, which is, well adapted for its purpose. _ Smaller strne tures are in progress, ana lit is expected that soon handsome police buildings will be com menced. The latter ' institution will be a great addition to the town and supply .a want long felti With the telegraph line no progress is being made. Months ago pegs were to he .seen along the route; but up to thiB date nothing more has. been done. Why, people know not; but .'they thinfe it is quite tame now that the affair was'ad vanced, if ever so little. • *■ ! Several large contracts- under the District - Council are nearly finished; but the reads will be in a, fearful, condition next winter.'' It is hoped the Government will mako an earnest effort to appropriate a larger sumin the Centaral Road Board than heretofore. The condition of the main line from the 'city to Wallaroo is dig-' gkacefnlj.and whilst money can be found to make' rail ways, to plaoeB which have-only, juri-qjrang into being, it seems hard th«fc old districts which have furnished large sums-to the Treasury Bhould be overlooked. 1 On Monday an entertainment was given nt the: Two Wells Hotel by Miss Marguerite Carole mid others. The large room was well filled, and the opinion was generally expressed that the per formance was the best of the kind ever given here. Miss Carole sung several 'comic songs in character and was encored.' MissRennie pre sided at the piano, and. Mr. Anderson- con tributed a recitation of bis own composing. Bird's American Circus' was to have appeared here on Tuesday, and many people came for miles to attend a popular amusement, but were doomed to be disappointed. It was bite before the company arrived, as they started from Fort Wakefield the. same morning. . The horses got knocked up for want of water, not a drop being obtainable along the road, although one shilling- per .-bucket was' offered for it. To partly make up for the disap pointment, a short entertainment was given, con sisting of dancing and joking for about an hour,® but it did not give much satisfaction, as there were enquiries made by some folk on coming out of the'booth for "the .man what got my shilling." -■": Water is very scarce, aud the residents hope soon to get the failing stock replenished. MELROSE, April 30. On Tuesday Mr. E. Ward, M.P., gave his lecture on " Shakspeare" in the Institute Hall, to aid the Building Fund: Dr. Moorhouse, J.P., presiding. The attendance, considering the short notice, was good, and/the address was listened to with deep interest throughout. The speaker handled bis subject admirably, and when he was giving readings or other quotations .from different plays the interest manifested' was so strong that the dropping of a pin might have been heard: The lecture was given in two parts,' and in the interval some residents - contributed songs and recitations. Mr. Ward, by request, gave the " Charge of the light Brigade;" which was loudly applauded. YORKETOWN, April 27. Dissatisfaction is expressed by the agricul turists on the areas and the tradesmen in the towns because a little of the public money is not spent in the lower part of Yorke's Peninsula and in the principal mining townships. : Yorketown, the centre of a flourishing district, is left destitute of a Local Court and the "pre sence of a Magistrate. Sometimes the place is visited by a police-trooper, but his. trips ere few and far between. Those 'residents of Yorke town who have business , connected with the Court find it a great inconvenience to go to Edithburgh. The present township having been found inadequate to supply the demand for badness sites, a new block has been surveyed, and was offered for sale on Wednesday by Messrs. C, yon Bertouch & Co., of Adelaide. Some of the allotments realized a good figure, bringing from £34 to£36. A wheelwright and blacksmith, from Port Adelaide, are busily engaged erecting a com modious workshop, and other tradesmen are anxiously awaiting the arrived of masons to com mence building. We have had a splendid rainfall during the past week. The farmers are busy ploughing, sowing, and clearing. A Bank would be a great boon to the red dents. The number of storekeepers and the flourishing state of the trade would be a sufficient guarantee for the expenditure entailed in its establishment. CLARE. May 6. With reference to contradictions of the state ment that drunkenness has been rife in the streets of this town, it may be mentioned that last evening a man was near the. residence of the local editor in a state of delirium tremens, making the night hideous with his cries ana yells, as he called on people to come out; and this morning at 9 o'clock another wight was in the same state, running up and down the main street with only his shirt on. The latter case being glaring, the offender was arrested. The former instances were written about because they occurred before my office, so that I was certain as to the facts. The district has been favoured with welcome raius, over au inch having fallen last night. There seems to be every prospect of it con tinuing. The railway deputation seem moderately satisfied with the reception they met with yes terday, and great hopes . are entertained of getting a line constructed from Saddleworth. YANKALILLA, May 6. This locality was visited with a welcome rain last night. On Sunday sermons in connection with the Cornhill Wesley an Sunday-school were preached by the Rev. W. S. Worth. Next day there were largely-attended tea and public meetings. Mr. J. Mayfield presided at the latter, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. W. S. Worth, Messrs. R. Kelly, J. A. Leak, and J. Dufty. The children sung creditably. The proceeds of the services were more than £7. BALAKLAVA, May 6. Heavy rain has fallen all night, and not before it was wanted. CALDINGTON, May 6. Rain, which has been badly wanted, has at ist come in copious showers. Had the weather mtinued dry much longer the consequences to lis district must have been serious. Drinldng ater some farmers have beeu fetching from the lurray, and in the town it has been very scarce. The Telegraph line is not yet in operation, eople wonder at the delay, as the wire was >me time ago brought into the township. The midday coach belonging to Hill & Co. mtinues running, but with the advent of. winter tins it is expected that there will be fewer •avellers. Wood is at a premium—8s. per ton being the rice offered by the mine authorities. M ANNUM, May 5. Rain, which has been long desired by the farmers, lb at length come, and promises to be of nsiderable duration. It set in from the north ist at 7 o'clock to-night, falling steadily, but piously. It is anticipated that the newly >ened land on the Murray Flats, near Mannum, ill prove beyond doubt that maUee country can educe wheat in abundance if the season proves lod. Last year one section had nearly 20 ishels to the acre of prime grain. The settlers complain much that there is no LUODtlbUOlO VUiUyuwu uiuwu >b mw 1 nearer than Mount Pleasant, 21 miles, but s believed that one will soon be erected in is town. LAURA May4. At last a trooper has been stationed here, he having arrived on Saturday night. A Surveyor from the Crown Lauds Depart ment has been looking at the Rocky River Crossing on the Port Pine-road, and the settlers are therefore in hopes that the necessary repairs will be carried out at once. A boy named Burgess last week, witb other lads, was out shooting, when one youth in hand ling the gun accidentally let it off, aud Burgess, who was standing near with his hands crossed over his chest, received the charge in his stomach and hands. He was attended by Mr, O'Leary, and the wound is not likely to prove dangerous. Sickness is prevalent owing to undesirable weather. Rain has been much wanted, and to-day mag nificent showers have fallen, with a prospect of more. The rain came in sheets. The farmers are busy seeding, consequently the town is dull. CLARE, May 4. Although the district around this town has been described as having excellent land for garden purposes, still the majority of the vegetables sold in the greengrocer's shops here are forwarded by train from Adelaide. The average price for sound cabbages is 6d. each. The first service here of the Bible Christian denomination was held in the Town Hall on Sunday evening. The Rev, C. F. Tresise, of TFateryale, officiating. :41" A prospectus for a monthly paper, 4b i» publif&ied; at Parrell'sSlat, has been issued. It m to be oailed thB Sanson Mercury, and a writer known es "DIonymus Dash" is supposed to be the promoter .and editor. ' The Pximitive Methodi^ ,arumal tnfcdjwauy meeting "was held' on *10gjoaay^, Mr, CgQusnk v 8en«p presidiag. ^Che Chairman^ ^ , Jarrett, of Mount BarkeriAhdj?. &VWHKama; 1 of Stnthtdb^sp<^^£i»c6eds?of paWsr.s? . SJfl» i:*iO S0 :} Jp:'}"; The case of.George y.Fullfiris creatingcimm- ■ 1 derable interest, - as ;Mr. George was mujaliked ; t while on the line. : 4 The lang-wished-for rain eemmeneed/last evening and is steady now. >_v;e» The *xi^-«ont£aator; Mr. Splnkstoni runs^a coachtoSinniasFJat every might nowilretainuqgT early next '.Jmomingj nn&LMfc.Codk;'s omnibus £ continuesiccming to the Me&dows.aobetween; \- : the twolineetravellerB have little tocomplain of,. unless they are of anem>us diBpotita0B,a8the U fares are about one penny per mSe with rfivilityi adiibitnm... ■ >-• --U ;'<?*> t i ' 1 Bain has heeh inaioh looked for, and it was -feared «*"»*- if it did, not aoon oome^nnudi^caih.* tthat had already ibeep aown iWOUMrharaJfe hn.-a ; planted- - over - Showers have,"zhoweyer* >7i' -fallen, and; -eaaesdtgpBart-^^g^'^fcMi^fc lately ploughing:gc^;ont:and_ harK«ri%hqso!:> tthn.verydusty-worki-r=*i .»« h-Aut'~&m; u-jcffj, \- The mail arrangements have again beettiij aitered so as to enable =am rerideni»'m.Mit 5 pirie to get - 'their ietteraiat d ainu- instead^&f;^i j as hitherto. Aocordii^ to the new jfime^-^E r mailleaves Georgetown-on Tuesdays and Fridays at fi.UQ p.m., reachreNamdy at .10{40ip.ra.jj^ i Crystal Brook stlS-SO mim/imKFoitlSne at®: ? |'aim.- Thus the' P-osbma8te&atihyBtri;l^nkrS;'_ the worst' >off on the rluie,-; he havingviiike AJ certain ax-Treasurer^ to. fagn iihe ronln%fat ofl» ~ and a mail to TBOeivo'and 'diapatot tieJoiM he is; - done.;; lake -the ghost'of: Hamlet's father,rho; "scents the -morning ah;" Bat:the'settlersiare t too glad: at getting^iwo inaila a week fosdlow ioni'ifyjl to-gnmhlet: 'a :-r - A et hi. ! ':f"i " This iown,-has been remarkably qiuot.fdr-A, considerable time,-proWbly owing laigriy fb ihfi great amount of money jsmk m" Sprihmn Tern.-?,, tory stock, and 1 the. ■ continual drain ; purses of holders of shares for 'the payment or. calls, as well as to otier'cansea. ^ — Laches havebeenwoiking astidiiqmy-for 18 or more months in preparing fwif™"" theiproceeds jto be devotbd te paying .eJL the liabilities incurred by thebuilaingof the, Jhsti-- ; tute New Lecture EalL V The rooom was to-day for" the fancy .sale, the ,-ladieg thinking ... that market day would be the. mort. fevqureble one thattheyieould «lect jor* the fixdi eshitalpn , • of their loipg toiL It;-is ..feared, however, vthaii;.; the talnnfp will be tar riiort of what theyanbci- s :pated, as the -day has not been propifaous te, - ; stirring people up to bny. . ^ . i-; ''.w/.-t There, is now falling a steady, ram that will -be - . sufficient to keep people at home, and allow the bazaar stall attendants to amuse themselves in the best way that th^'-can. Itis hopodthat ;., trade will yet be knore profitable. t r Mr. E. Ward and his Chiardia»are bmnglosfc ' - to the town, Messrs., Scandrett & SiiotfewUffl;"' - Herald, having Tmdght ' him otifc 'He mtendh publishing a larger paper in the raty j thls^placO ' is too small for two papers. ; Vi; V , STo rain has fallen in this district for .ja uxonthj - i seeding conseqnently has been retarded, end a late season is looked for. . --'. , -j , I On Thursday a meeting of the oongregauon of St. John^s Episcopal Chnrch was held, to con rider the advisability of building a parwmage. I A Ck>mmiftee was Mp6ihted toi obtsdn' ydauB mid I estimate, and to sabmit arisheme for raiamg the--: required funds to a futmre'ineetii^. A kind [ friend, whose n^e -hsB rixdt be^i dis-1 3 * the pnrposa npo^heproh^ry-hotes^tf | I members of the Church, at a low. raje^ I j*6Oh Friday a concert was hrid ^'^t-io^n,07 ! Nail, to aid the Institute. The large .HaUAT% V filled,' over 250 people being present.,^Tra BtS»«r: l T. Piper <the President) waam thechair, riajh excelfcnt programme was well renderari» 5^hpsa . i. pieces wMch especially deserved' noJ^egmmL" I obtained encores were two songs by p.a I the song by Mr. Oyer,: Panimi tpd" t " Johnny Schmoker" by seven rgentietnian,. an overture by Mrs. H. F. Price^ whi^jplaj^Jg-./ was much .admired. The receipts ,>werQi,pyegc.. | £14. The Comimttee are now in apo^fihn.to. i eypend £20 in hew books. - ;; v- 5 Ly-> A long-talked-of-cricket contest -Detween^zJj i married and 11 singlo .man cam© off - weather being fine several ladies were preseotg , and much amusement was caused. ■ la the m^< innings the married scored 30 runs - ahd^the -- 8ingle32. The game is to be eontihued.; .-j, a Good Templars are' flourishing, andmare tMh. / 60 attended their latest meeting. Steps aire bemg taken complete the repairs of the ford over the'Wakefield. -The work has been in progress a considerable time. ■ ^. .. ' The town I"" been virited-by a travelling rifle ■ ; gallery, at which a shocking amount of pbppihg , goes on. .... „ The Bev. T. Edmeades has succeeded the ivev. Mr. Haslam as Wesleyan Circuit Minister. CLARENDON, May 6. On Sunday anniversary sermons were preached in the Bible Christian Chapel by the pastor, the Bev. J. Stoyel, and Mr. 'Ti Best, of the South j road. On Monday after tea Mr. E. Burgess presided, and Mr. Culver, of the Strut, with several other friends spoke, A drunken person caused annoyance at first. , As Mr. Stoyel was coming here to preach his horse fell when near Clarendon, and hurt itself much. In the afternoon he having to preach at Happy Valley, af Mr. Bhipway was driving him in a spring-cart to his appointment there' the- : back strap-broke, letting the shafts -down. The; - horse kicked violently, and the cart tipped up, but the minister jumped out unhurt;! Mr. Shipway with presence of mind kept a tight hold of the reins, and prevented a runaway, so ' little damage was done to the vehicle, and except - a cut on the home's hind-quartere no injury was - caused. The weather has been favourable^ for the vintage, which is' now.over. Last^night and I to-day what farmers have been longing for has - come—a soaking shower.' A great quantity of rain has fallen during the last 24 hours. May 7. It has been wet during the night, aud is still raining. , _ '. EDITHBUBGH, May 5. The weather continues dry, and heavy ram would do much good. The farmers -who have I planted express fears that they will have to sow I afresh if showers do not set in_ shortly. The - ■ ploughing has prevented the carting of grain to \- the market, but now wheat is coming again and is being shipped to Port Adelaide, i On Saturday the new landlord of the Trou bridge Hotel arrived, and at night bonfires were ■ lit as people rejoiced in the thought that they had flie right man in the right place; Mr. - Beaumont built the Melville Hotel At Yorke- r I town, but since disposed of that property. ; ■ '^ At last the services of a good medical man - have been secured, and be, it is expected, will - arrive soon. Thus a great inconvenience - will end, and a doctor's assistance may be pro cured in cases of need. ■ - --- It is stated on good- authority that police quarters are to be erected .in this town. The resident trooper now has to stay at an hotel, and prisoners have to be locked in a stable. The largely increasing population _ would almost justify the authontiesin stationing two troopers: ! here, so that in ease one had to visit the various mW places, the other should be at the station - when wanted. 1 , _ . : At the late robbery in tiie General PosbOmoe, tbe branch of the National .Bank here lost A remittance letter, which had been posted here a: day previous to tne night of the theft. The ketch Sailor Prince, which has for years traded between Salt Creek and Port Adelaide only, is now calling regularly at this port. The steam launch Fairy last week came, and in con sequence of the overhaul of the. Kangaroo steamer the Lubra was here on Tuesday, and the Royal Shepherd on Thursday and Sunday. These vessels, with sundry other boats and ketches, made the place busy. The schooner -BV.ii.ir is nearly repaired, and her owner states that he will have the vessel under, way again within three weeks. ~ l ' The Yorketown correspondent complains that little public money is expended in the southern portion of the Peninsula, and: residents here echo the cry, but they trust that funds willBe voted for the most necessary works. POST ELLIOT, May 7. Twelve hours' steady rain has not omy re plenished the almost empty tanks in the neigh- ■ bourhood, but gladdened the hearts of the farmers, who will now be able to carry on their ploughing and sowing. They have not hitherto been able to do much of this work, owing to the hardness of the land. - STOCKPORT, May 6. The long-looked-for rain has come at last, and has put the farmers in much higher spirits. On April 29, the Bev. R. L. Coward, of Truro, lectured on " Temperance" to a good audience, Mr. C. W. South in the chair. - The address was interspersed with singing, Miss S. A. Lewis pre siding at the harmonium. The proceedings gave great satisfaction. Next evening Mr. Coward lectured at Linwood, Mr. B. Bankine, J.P.»pre idisg, About persons rignfd the plwge* The Wesleyaa Sunday-school anniversMy sermons were preached by the Rev. C. £ \- Goldsmith on April 26. Next day tea and public meetings were held. . VICTOR HARBOUR, May 7. On account of continued dry weather the farmers were not able to get well on with their ploughing, but on Tuesday night and next day continual rain soaked the ground, so that held operations will be carried on without further delay. On Friday night the Rev. J. Gibson, from Angaston, lectured in connection with the Institute on "Disraeli, the Premier of England." On Sunday Mr. Gibson preached the anniversary sermons of the Newlana Memorial Church. In the afternoon he delivered an address upon the Pilgrims* Progress, On Monday, after tea, he delivered a lecture, subject " Bernard Gilpin, or the Moss Trooper." * MOONTA, May 6. Trial pits are being sunk for publio tanks, so that there is little doubt but that the praise worthy promptness of the Executive will be followed np with equal spirit on the part of the Corporation, and that reservoirs will be com plete filled before the winter rains have passed. Acceptable showers began on Tuesday at about 11 a-m., and continued almost without intermission, gently bat thickly, till towards midnight, when the rain partially ceased, and the weather has since been cold and wintry. Nearly every resident has caught water, and some have got as much as four-, feet depth in their tanks; one person, indeed, obtained several thousand gallons. The masons and plasterers, who were as idle as the masters could keep them or their engagements allow, will now resume full labours. One contractor having some work to do which was urgently required had to obtain fresh water for it from Kadina. Several farmers here had been tilling in readi ness for the wet, and will now go ahead. Gardens which were almost despaired of will now also be in a condition suitable for cultiva tion. Several residents who some time ago planted partially in hopes of being able to keep on till rain came will need to plant afresh. At a. special meeting of the Agricultural Society on Monday, it was unanimously resolved " That it was not advisable to hold a June Show this year." This decision was in conse quence of the lateness of the season, it being thought that there would be no stock fit for exhibition, or flowers or vegetables. The Anglican Church is rapidly being covered in, and tenders for plastering are to be called for now that water has arrived. It promises to be a handsome building. The Wesleyan Church is also progressing at a good speed. The young man Roach, who a short time since was injured at this building, is now able to leave his bed. SALTIA, May 6. During the past two days splendid showers felL The rain was greatly needed, as the late hot weather had scorched up what little green feed there was. It appears from a clause in the Governor's Speech that there is every prospect of the settlers here being able to obtain the declara tion of an area in this locality ere long. This will caase great satisfaction, as there are scores of persons in the district who are ready to take land if they can get it where it will be most useful to them. Business is very dull. _ JAMESTOWN, May 4. Nice ahowere fell to-day, and were much needed, as much wheat has already been sown. PORT AUGUSTA, May 6. The weather is beautiful, as refreshing showers have fallen. The country was 'begin ning to be very dry and miserable looking, but in a short time the face of the land will be changed to a living green. The rain has . just come in time for the sheepfarmers. Business is ratter dull, but not more so than Is at this season. We are favoured with a moderate supply of flsh in the Gull The mail arrangements are a great nuisance, as Cuing to the rain the roads are heavy, ana there is thus a late delivezy. People must write late at night, because the coach leaves at 3 a.m. Why is notlmown, and the postal authorities do not appear to be doing the place justice in leaving bo little time between the arrival and departure of mails. A site has been selected in the town for the monument to the memory of the late Mr. A. D. Tassie. The_ Chanticleer sailed last week for Hobart Town in ballast. Two sailing vessels from Port Adelaide have arrived once the Lubra left, so that if the steamers only miss one trip it gives employment to sailing vessels. MOUNT TEMPLETON, May 6. It is hoped that the Government will grant a sufficient sum to finish the approaches to new bridge at Wbitwarta, as they are dangerous. The approaches are not fenced, and the settlers trust that the southern one will be lengthened so as to enable people to get up the hill, for now it ends in a flat, and the first overflow of the river will wash it away unless something further is done. What could now be accomplished for £100 would cost £200 a few months hence. 