?' . MISCELLANEOUS. ?-??'??'.The; Ambiucan Ibthmus.— A. portion of tho Naval roport describes tho two intoroceauic canal, routes which have boon survoyod during the past yoar. The Darien route oxaminod by i.Oommnndor Salfridgo inoludos on the Atlantic side lOOmilcs ofnavigationtotho Atratorivor,and betwoon that stream and tho Pacific a canal 28 inilos long. For. 22 miles of this distance tho route passes through a plain with a ' gradual ascent ojt OO.feot. Tho remaining six miles em braces a moderato open out and throe miles of tunnelling. Ten years will bo required for- tho work and tho estimated cost is botwoon 50,000,000 dollars and 00,000,000 dollars. 'Tho Nicaragua route was oxaminedby Commandor Lull. Nicar agua Lake is. by a canal,' to bo connected with tho Pacific, tho Lakb being tho summit level, and tho distance 10 J- miles. For'.'7i mile's an excavation is required ayoragiiig 54 foot in depth, this ; boing tho most expensive portion of tho work. For tho roinaindor of tho distauco tho profile is bolow tho proposed surface of - tho. banal, which will bo raised. on an embankment composed of excavated materials, and ton locks with:ono tido lock. will be required betwoon the lako.aud tho. ocean, Brito being the Pacific terminus. -On tho Atlantic sido there will bo 50 miles of navigation through tho Lake,: which for about Omilcsat tho eastern end : will have to bo deepeuod G to 3 foot to provide a ohannol. . Slack water naviga tion along the San Juan, provided by four dams, and an independent canal of ;42 miles, with 11 looks, will conduct traffic to Groytown Whon tho Atlantic is reached, and the harbour -will ha vp to bo improved. Thoro are altogether 61 j miles of canal, 47A being in oxcavation and ombankmont, but no tinmol-is necessary. There is no ostiihate of cost or time given for this Nicaragua routo.— Times', ' . ,',.'; ? -. .'?'? .'?'' '??'.; .'; '';'. :; . '? An Ambmcan Bisjiop on Ritctalism.— Dr.; Honry Lee, Bishop of Iowa,.^yhp\vasqno of the' . cdiisoorators of ; Bishop , C.uminihs, has '.written a lottor to hihi rombiistrating with him oh his. pro- posal to secedo, from the Protestant Episcopal Church. Bishop Loo writes :—'? I- beliovo ;iii. my heart that what I understand by- Ritualism is not only foroign to the reaL goniiis anditoach ing of the Protestant Episcopal Church; but that it is actually and radically subvorsivo'of its pii mitivo and scriptural character. But, 'niy dear' brother, the Church, as such, is not at all coni lnittedtothis system. Sho.romains as sho has booh for.yoars and generations. No 0110 -'Ritualistic doctrino has recoivod her', legislative.' .^auction, and sho simply shows 'her moderation aiid coin prohensivenoss- by bearing with her, ; mistaken' children . until thoy ahall bo brought to a bottor mind. It is my own hope and bohof that, in tho long run, she will come out all right, though hor present chastening is not joyous but grievous.' And 1 bolievo, furthor, that it is tho duty.of.lio'r friends to stand by- her in' this, time of trial, and do battle witli her, if need bo,. \yithih hor pale, and not desort her when sho most, noeds. thoir holp. . . /'You say, my. dear ^brother, tliat you have lost all hope tliat .the Ritualistic system' oither can or will boqradicatbd by any action of tlie authorities of-tho Church/ 'legislative or exo cutivo. I cannot'agroo with you that tho casois; hopeless. I -admit that' the state of things in tho ?'? Chureli - of England and' in ' hor daiigliter Church hero- is depressing and discouraging ; but lot us not look on tho dark' side alone when there is a bright side also. When in England, .at' the Lamboth Conference iii 1867, 1; saw- much, : to 'rogrot and condomn in the Mother- Church, aud 1 endeavourod to boar my foublo iostimony against tho views and practices that I felt, and. still feel, to bo inimical to hor best ' interests, and full of danger to her trno 'lifo-as an integral part of tho Church of Christ. . This testimony was borno in a published lotter to : tho thon Bishop of London, now tho Archbishop of Can terbury; and I have the satisfaction of knowing that I had the sympathy of Dr. Tait in.my views, and that ho is how, as thon, strongly opposed to the Ritualistic system. A majority of the Bishops in England are also opposed to tho mis-, chiovous systoni, and so aro the groitt body of tho clergy and laity of that Church. Tho same is truo here. The real Ritualists aro /a small minority of our Bishops, clorgy and laity. Thoy are indeed an active and earnest minority; but there is no jirobability that they will bo able to gain the ascondoncy iu the Church; Give them rope onough, and, according to present' signs, thoy will effectually hang thomsolves in due time. Wo -may fool some ' of the oft'octs of ; thoir movement ; but I feel quite certain _that tho Church at.large will not adopt- or sano'tioh their views or practicoB so far as thovaro -' erroneous and strange' and 'contrary to God's' Word.' ?''? It does 'not appear to' mo that the point has yet' boon reached, 0 von if it oyor can bo, wheii.ari actual division and separation 'aro justified and demauded by tho loadings 'of God's providenco. I could, oarnostly dosire and pray that a now and distinct organization might not bo '? effected at your proj-osod mooting. A socessional or schis matipal movemont -at this tim'o nvould, in ; my opinion, be a greater evil than those wo.aro.iiow,. bearing, and from wliich'wo may liopo to bore-] lieved in duo Itiino. '.?'? It .woro far better for oiir' oxtrenie Ritualistic brotliren 'finally to secedo to: the Church of Rome, to -which thoy aro tonding, . than for yourself and othors of like mind to loavd ' such a Church as ours' for 'a- now ? 'occlosiiistical organization. ' I pray you to paus'o aiid consider boforo committing yoursolf fully-tb auch a stop, and may God tho Holy Ghost guide and diroct you in all things.' ? : -. ? ! UnmasculineEloquenoe.— In tlio course of a lecturo lately dolivored at Royston, by.Mrs. Fawcott, wife of Profpssor Fawcott. on ' ' Women, as Educators,' that! lady said-^' It is rathor diflicult to dofino what , wo -moan by,tho social surroun d ings of women's 1 i ves. It may i perhaps,, bo said that it implies, all that society, by tlio ?gonoral vpico of public opinion, pxpocts that a woman ought'to bo,'to do, and to 'suffer j aiid if this bo accoptod as a tolorably.fair dbfinitioiij I. niako.a chargo against' the1 general voico of public opinion that it oncouragos frivolity. In tho first .placo, this' public opinion raises intoa position of first-rate importance], as far as women aro con-' comedy all miittors of dress; nmi'iuers, and per sonal, appearanco. How often have ,1 hoard a: woman's excellence^ in those points discussod as if, in comparison with thorn, other things wore of littlo importance. It is iilniost tho first quos tioh.thiit is asked about' a iiow-comor into any; society, 'Is sho nico looking'?' Or, if 0110 hap ?pens to ask 'What sort of a girl is Miss A——?' yoiv' probably 'have some answor of this kind : ' Sho is rather nico-lookiiig, but she iiasn't at all a protty. voice! If this roply is followed up by some doscriptivo dotails of the young lady's Btylo of dress and mannors, your informant thinks a inost oxliaustivo answor' haa boon given to your question. ' If a woniaii happens to bo'in'rtny.way beforo the public, iita School Board qloction or what not, hor dress, voico, mannors, and appoar anco aro doscribod as if thoy woro mattors of the inost profound intorost.' What would bo thought if the samo troatmoiit wore accorded to' a gontlo man, and a nowspapor paragraph; running thus, described his appoaranco on tlio platform ! ' Mr. Joiios next procoodod to oxpound his viows on public mattors to tlio olectors. Ho was quietly but richly dressed in a coat of dark-bliio cloth, with trousers of a lightor colour. Ho is about tho middle lioight. It may intorost our readora to loarn that his hair is:ravon black and' that lie wears a board and nibuatacho. His1 voico is clear and' musical, aiid, -although ho spokb with con siderable self- possession aiid fluohcy, thoro i3 nothing unmasculino in his appoaranco.'' The Sydney 'Empiro' sayB;— 'Mi^. Alfrod Toiuiyson Dickons, a son of tliodccoosod novel ist, in nowonavisit to tho Hamilton district, boing ongagod valuing soveral stations in that quartor, m tho in.loreb-t of. one of the largo Molbourno Jihangiiil comj-ianioB.' ; John Garbott, convicted of the inurdor of Thomas Conroy, and sentencod to doath, suflb'rod tho oxtromo ponalty of the law in Brisbane Guol j-ostorday morning. Garbott, who appoarod an athletic-looking follow, of somewhat propossoss ing appearance, and (! foot IA inchus in hoight, walked to his doom with apparently tho greatest calmness. At tho foot of the scaffold, the hang-, man, according to custom, asked the condemned whether lie wished to kneel down, to which Garbott ropliod sharply, ' No, not I.' On ascending tho sculfpld ; tho .'executioner boforo adjiisthig; tho ropo and covoring the face; of tho coiidomned asked him-' whotlior ho would'liko to say any thing, ' Garbett; again tins wbriiig,1 ' ' No. ' Tho, drop was then lot fallj and Garbott died apparently 'without a. struggle. Wo under stand that at ho time. did Garbotb sho.w' the slightest sign of repentance of hiscriiu'o,' or.inako any confession whatovor. Ho always1 avoided tho siibjoot of tho murder, and iu answor to any questions regarding it' wbiild say,—' Ask Bray : — ho can toll you more than I shall;' ? Ho was attended froin his condemnation' by tho Rev.' Mr. {Oroykb, but would hardly1 over make any pretonco of joining in tho minister's. pniyorsi although 'he would allow'tlio clergyman to pray in his coll. — ' Courior,' Maroli 11. ' ? '?'. 'Steun' VENauANOE.-^-Tlio. cruelty of the fair sex towards bno another is prpvorbiiil, and was well oxoniplifiod by-an act of.b'arbarity por potratod by 'a'joaloiiB dame on a successful rival, rocently, in Collihs-strebt. According to ' Mel? b'purno Punch,1 it appears that tho injurqd lady was, wearing tfno'pf tha how' inflated indiiirubbor dross improvers, whon ' her eiibihy came behind lior and intho liiostlioartloss uiannor stabbod it with a pin. 'Of 'cpurso'iill tlio air. escaped, aiiii , ,the, niarvollo.us(.structuro of tho pariiiior utterly/ collapsed,, to' the' 'delight-of the foe,. and- dismay ' of the' 'assaiiltod'i' party.' It .is ' uiidoratodd that tlio matter 'will not ' ond ' hero, iis legal- proceed-, ings hiivo been ' instituted . in the .'matter, which is':lik61y to prbvo 6110 of tho Victorian causes cehhres. ,,.; , ,. , ... .- .:, V ,-.,'.- ' i'-1 An- TJNBEiianouNp .Abventuue,— Tho Guild ford qorrospphdont,,of: tho ;',Mount ';Aloxander Mail' ,.rolatps;, tho , following opeurronco :— An. adventure of a moat- unusual .character wiis. ?oncpuhtorpd last week by a Grook minor, residing, hoar ;Tarilta. , The man, is what, is teclmically, tbrined a V hatter,'. that is, working by himsolf, and, in. pursuit of his calling, ho went down an old abandoned shaft to got into a neighbouring drive tliat liud.an. outlet. .- Finding the com municntipn^lled up with. headings ho bogan to shovbl back in tho shaft, and thus slowly worked his way to whero ho wishod to go. Aftor hours ,of hard work he found his candlo burnt out, hini solf cramped for room, and tho drivo ovorhead, which had previously been supportod by hoad ,i|igB, giving way and slowly dropping on and aboutjiim, and filling up tho space ho had loft. Ho wont down tlieshafton Tuesday, and omorged from his tomb on Saturday. His sufferings, his fears, and his struggles during that time it is impossible to describe. When ho was missed soarch was mado, and tho very shaft ho went ?dowii was looked into, but, as tho bottom was, filled, and no sign of a drive, it \vas passed by. Tho buried man heard tho . footsteps above, and ropoatodly criod out, but was not -'audible, tho surrounding earth drowning his voico to those, above. ?.'??' ; ' ' , A Lucky Mining Speculator. — We °aro indebted to the ' Balldrat Star' for thp'followihg anecdoto : — 'Instances aro so : numerous in this colony where men on tho. very verge of ruin unexpectedly ^boebnio the' 'possessors ; of .vast woalthj'that it may hardly bo, worth while toadd another to tlio huihbdr.' lib wovcr, ' as; in . this caso tho gentleman iir question is now rolling in riches, and, besides,' is^a well- known Sandhurst speculator, liis easoinay bb adduced, as doscrip tivo of tho motto, ' Nil dospbranduni.' Having. .investod.all his nibnoy In a mining vonturo at Sandhurst, in which of courso ho had groat faith, he found himsolf without tho menus of mooting, tho .fortnight's expenditure, which, amounted to £240; and tho pvospoets bolow being no cheerier than before,1 the. men began grumbling; and refused to continue tho work- unloss their pay was forthcoming. The -bank was ? appealed to, but, secure in itu possession of tho plant,' declined to advanco another copper; , and was, in fact, proparing to placo its paws upon tho property. Thus situated, and fecling'disconsolato onough aftor' his. unsuccessful appeal to. tho bank,,. tho.. present possessor' of thousands sat oh the' brace'-' with soino'of tlio men, and explained the position of affairs. A -number of tho minors _ had comp ; ;froni below, to got their wagos; leaving only two underground who wishod toilnish putting .in a blast boforo coming iip. Of coureo, ; no -money was forthcoming to . those oh to^and just. as. they, were about to leave off wozk tho sound .of the blast below- reached their ..oars, .and they \vaitod ^ for tlioir .mate's, coming. ,.up.: JuUgo of tlibir' astpnislim'oht ' when', thoy appeared with aoypral pieces of quartz studdod with'gold. Tho, drivb was eagerly visitod, and a nuinbor of will ing, hand's sbon had' ah'pthor .blast,' off;' which dis closed the reof they had'.boon vainly se'arcliing for during long , weary .weeks -previously, and :which they had rbachodat laat. 'All danger of ruin- was. now 'at an end, : and ', tlio' bank,' mean while hearing of tho good hows,' supp'Kod tho ro quirod cash, and evon 'aeiit their; me'ssonger in post haste to the claim,' with' a- friendly intima tion^ that. as/much' as .was '-required could be obtained/ Tho gontloihan rbf erred tbj who pro- ? fitted- thus accidentally 'by that; lucky shot,' haa still a -large cohhoxibn iii' the sanio claim and in othors adjoining ; and to show tho valub of his interost.it may 'be statbd that in diyidonds alono ho has nottod, since Novomber last, no less |a sum thiui about £U4j0p0' or about £35,000 per month.'. ?:???'? ' '???? t , , ' , ' , Expeuimekts vyra. Most. tjitoes.— Some in torosting ioxporiments with ; mosquitoes ?; have latoly- beon.-ini.de by Professor Mayer in tho United States, who, at a aossion of the Acadoniy' of Soioncos, at tho Steven's Iustitute, Houoken, gave an account of his discovorips with rogard to choso insocts. H3 said that by placing a' miilo mosquito .'undor the microscope, and, Bounding various ^notos of tuning forks in tho rango of a sound givon by tlio fomalo mos'quito, tho various fibres of the' anteiime of the male mosquito . vibratod. sympathetically to tl-.oso varioua aonnda. Tho longest fibres vibratod sympathetically to tho gravo notes, and the short fibros vibratod sympatholicilly to the higher : notos '; tho. fact that tho nojlurnnl iuaocts hayo highly organised : antonnai, while tho diurnal pnes have not, and also tho fact that tho anatomy of theso parts of. insects shows a highly devolopod nbrvous organ isation, loads to tho inforonce that ? these faots form tho first surd basis of reasoning in roforonco to tho naturo of tho auditory apparatus of in soots. Tho oxporimonts wore also oxtendodin a diroction whioh addod now facts to the physiology of the senses. If a sonorous impulso btrilco a fibro bo that tho direction of tho impulse ia in the dirt otion of tho fibro, thon tho ' fibro romains stationary. But if the diroction of tho sound ia at right anglos to tho fibro, tho fibro vibratos with its maximum intensity. Thus, when -'a sound, strikos the fibrils of an insoct, those on one antonnra aro vibratod more powerfully than tho fibrils oil tho othor, and the insoct naturally turns in tho direction of the antoumu whioh is most strongly shaken. The fibrils on tho othor antonnro are how sliakon with moro intensity, until tho insoeti'having turnod his body so that both anteiinra vibrato with oqual iutonsity, has placed his body in tho direction of . tho Bound. Exporimohta undor the hiiorbscopb show that tho mosquito' can thus detect to within five degrees tho position of tho sonorous contro. 1 ' Hbar mo for my cawa,' fas tlio crow said to thei fanner who was watching for him with 'a douulo-buiTollod ahot-gun, ' 