Tales. Jessie Trim. BT B. h. FARJEON, AUTHOB OF '.'LONDON'S HEART,' &a.; tTberightof P^cation^ be» Purchased by ^proprietors CHAPTER II. I AM FbIGHTENTSD OF MX SHADOW. I have already menuoned the name of the servant whom my grandmother brought -with her to our house ; it was Jane Painter. She had been with my grandmother for many years, from girlhood I believe, and she was now about thirty years of age. In ap pearance she was a thin, sharp-featured, pale-faced woman ; in manners ehe -was a viciously-minded creature, fond of pinching children on the sly in tender places, assuming the while, to deceive ob servers, an expression ot amiability, which intensified the malignity of her conduct. From the moment she entered our house she became the enemy of every per son in it, and waged open and secret war upon all of us. Her service with my grandmother had been a ?very easy one, but things were different when her mistress changed her residence. She had to do double the work to that to which she had been accustomed, and as we were the direct cause of this she was not slow jn showing resentment. My mother, patient as she always was, made light of the woman's infirmities of temper, believing that she was necessary to my grand mother ; Jane Painter, herself, however, declined to accept the olive-branch -which my mother held out to her, and would certainly not have remained in the house but for one inducement. This was made clear to us a very few dayB after the change. My mother had occasion to remonstrate with ier for some piece of impertinence, and Jane Painter came into my grandmother's room in a fury, and demanded to know if she was to be treated like a galley-slave. My mother stood quietly by, listening to the servant's complain ings. Said rpy grandmother, ' You must do what my daughter desires you to do, Jane. I told her you would help her in the house.' « I won't be ordered about as if I was a galley slave ! ' exclaimed Jane Painter, gasping. ' 0 Jane ! ' remonstrated my mother. 44 Don't O Jane me ! ' and then followed the un lessoning argument, ' I'm flesh and blood the same «s you are ? ' ' Jane,' said my grandmother, ' I mustn't be worried ; my nerves won't stand it. I shan't be here long, and you know what I have promised you.' 41 Whose servant am I — yours or hers ? ' ' Mine, Jane, and a very good servant you have Ik en. I hope for your own sake you are not going to be different now.' 'Haven't I served jou faithfully?' asked Jane Painter, sobbing herself into a quieter emotional stage. ' Yes, Jane, yes ; and you shall be remembered for it.' ' Haven't I waited on you hand and foot r ' ' Yes, Jane, yes ; and you shall be remembered.' 'When you was took bad with the spasms,' blubbered Jane, ' didn't I stop up with you all night till I was fit to drop ? ' ' Yes, Jane ; and I haven't forgotten you for it. You shall be remembered, I tell you.' By being remembered, my grandmother meant that Jane Painter was set down in her will for a certain por tion of the contents of her long stocking ; and but for this inducement it was pretty clear that Jane Painter would have taken her departure. The war she waged against us from this time was passive, but bitter. I, as the recognised heir to the long stocking, and as being likely, therefore, to diminish her portion, came in fur the largest share of her ill- temper and ani mosity, and she showed much ingenuity in devising means to torment me. Parting my hair on the wrong side, brushing it into my eyes, rubbing the soap in my mouth ana only half- wiping my face after I was washedj buttoning my dotheB awry, running pins into me, holding me suspended by one arm as we went down stairs ; these were the smallest of my sufferings. An incident., laughable in itself, but exceedingly pain ful in its effect upon me, comeB vividly to my remem brance here ; and it afforded Jane Painter an oppor tunity of inventing a new torture, and of inflicting upon me the sharpest and most terrible distress I ever experienced. It occurred in this way : Whether it was that the dull companionship of a peevish old woman was having its due effect upon me, or whether it sprang from my natural constitution, I was growing to be very nervous. I was frightened of toeing alone in the dark ; a sudden noise startled me painfully ; any unusual exhibition of tenderness Brought tears to my eyes. One bright summer after noon I was sitting with my grandmother. Everything about me was very quiet ; my grandmother had not spoken for a long time, and I listened to the regular eound of her breathing which told me she was asleep. I tried all kinds of devices to while away the time. I looked at the wall and traced the pattern of the paper ; ?I tried to Btare the monkey-man on the mantelshelf out of countenance ; I closed my eyes and placed the tipB of my forefingers on them, and then opened them to assure myself that the world had not come to an €n' ! ,1 counted the rise and fall of my grandmother's capacious bosom till I grew so confused that the oulows before me seemed to swell and fill the room. Inere was no pleasure to be gained from any of these ♦asks, and I felt weary and dispirited. The sunshine «- w®'1® in at the parlour- window seemed to say, Why are you stopping in that dull room ? Come 5^ ^d play.' I gazed wistfully at the light and ** i- k°w nice it would be outside. I felt that I ' snowy like to go. But I knew from rueful experience now cross my grandmother would be if I made a noise aw°ke her ; and I was so tightly fixed in my *ttue arm-chair that I could not extricate myself without a struggle, I dared not attempt to wrench f Jf* l e ®rom embrace in the room ; it might ZT j e ground. There was nothing for it but to to! anJEle6CaPe the room with the chair -fixed to mor 6 8uns^ne grew brighter and brighter, and tlrr[e *°d more tempting. My grandmother really to be fast asleep. I stretched out my hand and . ed her dress ; she always dressed in silk, enn ifV11 8tate- Her steady breathing continued. I i! anc* whispered, 44 Grandmother ! ' but she 3T«.»0t * * 8P0Ke more loudly. ' Grandmother !' ^ . e no response, and then I thought I would f r0B8' **th my chair attached to me — the eoftl® E °^08e8t of friends — and crept slowly and leam£iOUt °f 1:00111 into the passage. There I re an-i then ran out into the sunshine. I ®°out like a butterfly escaped from prison, in a JovmMt ? 8^ I was in the full height of my en mv in w®en turning my head over my shoulder I saw am®, ungainly shadow following me, and in sudden frwnt I ran away from it. I screamed terror as Isaw it racing fast at my heels, as if tooth? i? ? upon me and seize me, and my ®treet * H PPen'1g at that moment to come to the uoor, I flew towards her in a paroxysm of jjj ♦ Pitching tight hold of her, hid my face soothin ^0Wn,* ^ that position my mother, with onlvrT®-^0! ' -^rew me into the house, and I was Who h a being assured that the ' black man ' ^ lightened me had disappeared; and cer -Ho tracAft- Was Per8ua-led to look around I saw of him. My grandmother, awakened by my «*'? screams, did not fail to give me a solemn lecture for nay bad behaviour in stealing from the room, and she unproved the occasion by malting me tremble with new fears by her dreadful prophecies as to what the 'black man' would do to me if I dared to be naughty again. The incident had a serious effect upon me, and I was ill' for a week afterwards. The doctor who was attending my father said that I was of a peculiarly sensitive temperament, and that great care must be taken of me. 44 The nervousness, ' he said, 44 which has been the cause of his fright may, if not counteracted, produce bad results by-and-by. The lad's nature is essen tially womanly and delicate. None the worse for that — none the worse for that ! ' He laid his hand upon my head in a very kind manner, and tears rushed to my eyes. Seeing these, he immediately removed his hand, and gave my' cheek a merry pinch. ' He will grow out of it ? ' questioned my mother, anxiously. ' 0, yes,' was the reply, cheerfully uttered, 'he will grow out of it ; but you must be careful with him. Don't let him mope ; give him plenty of exer cise and fresh air.' 44 I should like a pony,' I said. My mother's troubled eyes sought the floor. If she could only have seen a magic pumpkin there ! ' Then,' continued the doctor, ' until he is older and stronger I would fill his mind with cheerful fan cies. Tell him as many stories as you please of fairies, and princesses, and flowers, and such like ; but none about ghosts. You would like to hear about beautiful fairies rising out of flower-bells, and sailing in the clouds, and floating on the water in lilies, would you not, my lad r ' I nodded gaily ; his bright manner was better than all the medicine. ' Do they really do all these things, sir ? ' ' Surely for such as you, my boy.' I clapped my hands. *' You see ! ' he said to my mother. Many a time after this did my mother ransack her mental store, and bring forth bright-coloured fancies to make me glad. She told Jane Painter what the doctor said, and asked her to tell me the prettiest stories she knew.: Jane Painter replied with one of her sweetest smiles. It was part of her duties to put me to bed every night, and one night, soon after I was well, she came into my room in the dark, as I was lying half-awake and half-asleep. She crept up the stairs and into the room so stealthily that I had no consciousness of her presence until a sepulchral voice stole upon my ears saying, 41 Ho ! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear you should make My 'eart's blood run cold ! ' My heart's blood did run cold at these dreadful words, and I uttered a cry of fright. Then Jane Painter spoke in her natural tone. ' I knew a boy once, and his name was Namby Pamby. He was the greatest coward that ever breathed, and he waB always telling tales. I know what happened to him at last. You're like him. Perhaps it'll happen to you. A fine boy you are ! You ought to have been born a rabbit. I suppose you'll tell your mother. All cowards do.' Here she must have put her head up the chimney, for her voice sounded very hollow as she repeated, ' Ho ! Mister Friar, Don't be so bold, For fear you should make My 'eart's blood run cold ! ' I cannot describe my tenor. I wrapped the coun terpane tightly round my head, and lay all of a tremble until Jane Painter thought fif to take her departure. From that night she inflicted the most dreadful tortures upon me. The first thing she did after putting me to bed was to blow out the candle ; then she wculd calmly sit down and tell me frightful, stories of murders and ghosts. Blood was her favourite theme ; she absolutely revelled in it, and to t.bin day I cannot look upon it without a shudder. She would prowl about the room, mut tering ; ' I smell blood ! I smell blood ! ' And then : 44 Let him be alive, Or let him be dead, I'll have hiB blood to make my wine, I'll grind his bones to make my bread.' After that she would grind her teeth, and make sounds as though Bhe wete drinking. 44 Serve him right, too, the little coward ! Grind his bones On two large stones. His blood and brine I'll drink for wine.' I suffered this martyrdom in silence. I would not tell my mother, as all cowards did. What the effect on me would have been if circumstances had allowed Jane Painter to continue her persecution I am afraid to think ; but fortunately for me the event occurred which she was waiting for. My grandmother died very suddenly. The last words f-he was heard to utter were, ' Poor Anthony ! ' I was not sorry when she died. I tried to look sad, as every body else looked, but I knew that I was a dreadful hypocrites CHAPTER III. Mr Geandmothee's Long Stocking. There was a friend of the family of whose name I have no remembrance, and whom from a certain personal peculiarity I must denominate Snaggletooth. He waB a large mad — very tall, and round in propor tion — with glistening bald head, a smooth full-flushed face, and clear grey eyes. In repose, and when he -Was not speaking, he was by no means an unpleasant looking man ; his face was benignant, and his clear grey eyes beamed kindly upon you. But directly he smiled he became transformed, and his features were made to assume an almost fiendish expression by reason of a hideous snaggle- tooth which thrust itseif forward immediately he opened his mouth. It stuck out like a horn, and the change it effected in his appearance was something marvellous. As the friend of the family, Snaggletooth came for ward and offered his assistance. My father being confined to his bed by sickness, there was no man in the house to look after the funeral of my grand mother, and Snaggletooth's services were gladly accepted. I fancy that he was fond of funerals, from the zealous manner in which he attended to the details of tbia and a sadder one which followed not long afterwards. Setting this fancy aside, he proved himself a genuine and disinterested friend. We had no near relatives ; my mother was an only daughter, and my father had but one brother, older than he, whom I had never seen, and who had disappeared from the place many years ago. He was supposed to be dead; and from certain chance words which I must have heard, I had gained a vague impression that he was not a credit to the family. It was a strange experiment for me to sit in my grandmother's room after her death, gazing at her empty arm-chair. I could not keep away from the room*; I crept into it at all hours of the day, and sat there trembling. I mentally asked the stone monkey figure what it thought of my grandmother's death, and I put my fingers in my ears lest I should hear an answer. Jane Painter found me there in the evening, when she came to put me to bed, and stated that my grandmother's spirit was present, and that she was in communication with it. ehe held imaginary conver sation with my grandmother's ghost in the dusk, speaking very softly and waiting for the answers. The effect was ghastly and terrifying. These conver sations related to nothing else but poor me, and the exquisite pain Jane Painter inflicted upon me by these means may be easily imagined. The first thing Snaggletooth did after my grand mother's funeral was to search for her long stocking and the treasures it was supposed to contain. Taking the words in their literal sense, I really thought that ttie long stocking would be found hidden somewhere— under ihe bed perhaps, or among the feathers, or up the chimney — stuffed with money, in shape resemb ing my grandmother's leg, which I knew from actual observation to be a substantial one. 44 Perhaps she made a will,' observed Snaggletooth to my mother. Jane Painter was present, hovering about us with hungry jealous eyes, lest she should be cheated. 'She did make a will,' said Jane Painter, 'and I'm down in it.' 'Then we will find it,' said Snaggletooth, cheer fully. Mv grandmother's desk was opened, and every piece of paper in it was examined. No will waB there nor a word relating to it. Her trunk waB searched with a like result. 44 Never mind,' said Snaggletooth, with a^ genial smile, 44 we shall be sure to find the old lady's long stocking.' And he set to work. But although a rigid search was made, no long stocking could be found. Snaggle tooth became immensely excited. Yery hot, very duBty and dirty, and with his shirt sleeves tucked up to his shoulders, he gazed at vacancy, and paused to take breath. Disappointed as he was up to this point, his faith in my grandmother's long stocking was not shaken ; he had it not, and yet he saw it in form as palpable as the lisle- thread stockings of my grand mother, which were scattered about the room. A close and more systematic search was commenced. The hunt became more and more exciting, and still not a glimpse of the fox's tail could be seen. Under Snaggletooth's instructions the bedstead was tafcen down, the pillows and mattresses were ripped open (Snaggletooth being determined to leave no feather unturned), the posts were sounded to discover if they were hollow, and the strictest examination was made of every vestige of my grandmother's clothing without a satisfactory result. Dirtier and hotter than ever, and covered with fluff and feathers, Snaggle tooth looked about him with an air of ' What next?' His eye fell upon my grandmother'® arm chair. Out came the stuffing ; that it contained and nothing more. My grandmother's footstool ; a like result. Her portly pincushion : nothing but bran. Up came the carpet, and almoBt blinded us with duBt. And then Snaggletooth sat down in the midst of the wreck and said disconsolately— ' I am afraid we must give it up.' So it was given up, and the mystery of my grand mother's long stocking took honourable place in the family records as an important legend for ever after wards. Jane Painter passed through many stages of emo tion, and ended by being furious. She avowed — no, she swore ; it is more appropriate — that she had been robbed, and openly declared that my mother had secreted my grandmother's long stocking, and had destroyed the will. Nay, more ; she screamed that she had seen the treasure, which consisted of new Bank of England notes and a heap of gold, and that in the will my grandmother had left her three hundred pounds. ' Woman ! ' exclaimed Snaggletooth, rising from the ruins, ' be quiet ! ' 'Woman yourself!' screamed Jane Painter. ' You're in the plot to rob a poor girl, and I'll have the law of you ; I'll have the law, I'll have the law ! ' 44 Take it and welcome,' replied Snaggletooth. ' I hate it.' But he was no match for Jane Painter, and he retired from the contest discomfited ; did not even stop to wash his face. My mother was sad and puzzled. I did not entirely realise at the time the cause of her sadness, because I did not know how poor she really was, but I learnt it afterwards. She gathered sufficient courage to tell Jane Painter that of course she could not stop in the house after what she had said. 'If every hair in your head was a diamond,' gasped Jane Pa;nter, 44 I wouldn't stop. No, not if you went down on your bended knees. I'll go to morrow.' * Then she pounced upon two silk dresses and some other articles of clothing, and said that my grandmother had given them to her. My mother submitted with out a word, and Jane Painter marched to her room and locked them in her box. She did as much mischief as she could on her last evening in our house ; broke things purposely and revenged herself grandly on poor little me. After undressing and putting me to bed as usual, and after smelling about the room and under the bed, and up the chimney for blood, she imparted to me the cheerful intelligence that my grandmother's ghost would come and take me away exactly at 12 o'clock that night. Near to our house was a church, and many a night had I lain awake waiting for the tolling of the hour. But I never listened with such intensity of purpose as I listened on this night. As midnight drew near, I clenched my fists, I bit my lips, I drew my knees almost up to my nose. I trem bled and shook in the darkness. I would not look I thought ; and when the hour tolled, every note seemed charged with terrible meaning, and I shut my eyes tighter and held 'my breath under the clothes. But when the bell had done tolling my state of horrible curiosity and fear compelled me to peep out, and there, in the middle of the room stood a tall figure in white. So loud and shrill were my hysteri cal crieB that my mother ran into the room, and found Jane Painter there in her night-dress. I think the woman herself, fearful lest she had gone too far, was . glad to quit the house the following day without being called to account for her misdeeds. She did not leave without a few parting words. She called ub all a parcel ot thieves, and said that a judgment would fall upon us one day for robbing a poor servant of the money her dead mistress had left her. 