TWO CHRISTMAS DAYS. A STORY.—By M. OR N. IF Ralph Hope had fallen on his feet into Victoria from one of the neighbouring planets in the year of grace and confusion 1852, less could not have been known about his past life than the world knew. A slim, colourless, close-shaven, spectacled, self- contained young man. A fellow bound to make his way in the world. Plenty of work in him—every sign of brains, none of heart. The human tide at that early period of our history ran so strongly towards the wonderful diggings that few had the strength to swim against it. Hope and I threw all our worldly goods—our swags—on a raft in the shape of a bullock dray that was starting from Elizabeth-street, and after a week's tramp found ourselves on the banks of Bendigo Creek, among the first of those who rushed that world-famous gold-field. It was this accidental acquaintanceship that caused me to become Hope's first mate on the digging*. We were fortuitous human atoms, thrown by chance together, aud impelled by the attraction of necessity to form a partnership. But we never, I am happy to say, pretended 10 be friends. I was, perhaps, the only one who knew this young man at all intimately in his early colonial days, and yet when I knew him best I felt that my knowledge of him was only skin deep. He was rather a pleasant companion for a man given as I was to much talking. In those days I wore my heart upon my sleeve, and did not suspect how the daws pecked at it. He would listen to all I had to say, and say nothing in return. He was silently cynical. He would listen in his observant, appreciative way, and smile when I had anything bad to tell—and how few young men, alas, have not ?—but be lost in abstraction or yawn wearily when the conversation turned, on innocent subjects. _He had one, and one only hope in life. He was resolved to win gold. That he honestly acknowledged as his only article of faith. Not to squander it. Not to gratify coarse desires. But gold enough to make him a rich man, to buy the world's esteem, to gain the position in the world that without it he could not hope for. I never saw his eye kindle, or his cheek colour, but when he heard of rich finds or read of the fabulouB amounts Bent to town by the weekly escorts. We worked two claims together on Golden-square, but neither gave more than wages. Tiring of hard work for little return, he went into the service of a storekeeper as shopman, and I seldom saw him afterwards except when I went to buy things at his store. For a man as utterly without a con. science as he was, as ignorant as an un baptised babe of all ideas of moral right or wrong, I must confess I was rather struck at his sudden conversion to religion. He gave up the Sunday excursions we used to make into the ranges about ih search of specimens, or off to the little oases of greenery that weTe then to be found on the outskirts of the gold-tield. He had "found the Lord," he said, and disapproved of desecrating the Sabbath, and as I had picked up with pleasanter companions, and only cared for him as all impulsive men care more or less for those they have been intimate with, Ralph Hope gradually drifted out of my list of acquaintances. For six months I lost sight of him, and when I saw him next he was a gold commission clerk on the great new rush at the "Whipstick, the fame of which was drawing away the diggers in thousands from Bendigo. It was then I learned the profit that my old mate derived from his " finding of the Lord." Ralph Hope was a far-seeing young man. He never acted upon impulse. He thought things out beforehand, and then gradually worked up to their accomplishment. He saw a certain definite aim to be gained by obtaining a clerkship in the Government gold office, and he laid his plans so as to iiisure success. It was for this that he first joiued the Rev. Mr. Dawson's church on Bendigo—that he asked to be given a class in the Sunday school—that he sacrificed time, and spared no trouble to have himself thought much of. Every penny he was worth in the world be took one day to Mr. Dawson, telling him he had found it, and imploring him to try and discover the owner. Handbills were issued, and the loser invited to call and identify the money. A letter came trom a man describing to the exact penny the contents of the chamois leather bag, and requesting Mr. Dawson to send the money to a certain address, minus £10 for the honest finder. Hope undertook himself the task of hunting the man up, found him, gave him the money, and handed over the reward to Mr. Dawson for the good of the church. What need had Mr. Dawson of letters of introduction or testimonials regarding this worthy young man when he asked him for his interest with the resident commissioner for a clerkship in the gold office at the great new rush 1 The worthy clergyman couldn't have said more for his own son than he did for Ralph Hope, and as he gave proof of his perfect fitness for the woik, he was soon at work issuing licences and taking gold from the diggers on the Government camp at the Whipstick. The consequence was, that an awful barrier, the nature of which Victorians of the present day cannot understand, the difference of position between an official on the gold- fields and a common digger, separated me from my from ray former mate, and I now ceased to know him, except in a nodding sort of way—his patronising, and mine, in spite of myself, deferential. And then I heard he was going to be married to Miss Dawson. This was bad news to me. My acquaintance with Mary Dawson was of the slightest. My interviews with her were like angel's visits. I met her first at the hospital, where I was reading to a mate with a broken leg; then three or four times in the tent of a sick old woman whose rascally husband had left her alone to die, and whom we in our youthful folly thought we were doing good to by prolonging her miserable life ; then in a jolting coach for two hours from Bendigo to the Whipstick ; and then for an hour at the table Bhe gave at the first and only tea meeting I ever attended. I was getting bad when I resolved on going to that tea meeting. For two years I was out of the way of ladies' society, and the little I had seen of Mary Dawson—I made artful inquiries to find out her name, and when I heard it always thought of her as Mary—gave me a longing to see much of her. I wouldn't have stopped at tea meetings for her sake, poor thing, and I felt sick at heart and disgusted with the world when I heard the bad news of her engagement to Hope. It was then that the consciousness suddenly awoke inme that T hated him from the first day I met him—that 1 knew him to be a hypocrite and a liar, a man utterly devoid of conscience, of honesty, and of honour. What wild things J wrote of him. What mad words of love, and despair, and Borrowful warning I poured out my heart in I had brought up to me long years afterwards by the sight of my yellow, time-stained, but carefully preserved letter bearing the date of "May, 1S54." The only treason my poor darling was ever guilty of to her scoundrel husband was preserving my letter—her only secret from him the concealment of my love. When I saw her again she was Mrs. Hope. He had ceased to know me, and she, with the loyalty of a wife, would not look on a man who had slandered her husband. What more I have to tell I tell from secondhand. I never, never saw him again myself from the day I met him walking by the side of his young wife. I do not say who my informants are, story-tellers have private sources of information, or they would speedily have to cease their art. I will simply say that in what 1 have to say I do not make Hope out a bit worse than he was, for the simple reason that I couldn't. Hear the end, and judge. From the first moment of Hope's appointment in the gold commission the great aim of his life was to inspire confidence. He was, perhaps, the only officer in the camp who neither drank nor gambled. He was "too shrewd and practical a man to overdo a thing, so he never rebuked his rackety companions for their misdeeds save by his own pure life. He was, in fact, so kind and nice with them, pitying and forbearing instead of setting himself up on the strength of his own superior virtue, that he was a general favourite; and there was hardly a man in the camp he hadn't placed under an obligation by a small loan on an emergency, by hiding some misdeed, or by doing work out of office hours that, other fellows had neglected. Iu Hope's calculations for making himself thoroughly respected, getting married was, unfortunately for Mary Dawson, one of the elements. A bachelor, however respectable, of whose antecedents no one knew anything, might be perfectly trusted ; but a married man, a man mained for love to the good and pretty daughter of a clergyman thought as much of as Mr. Dawson must be ! He used her, and the love with, which he inspired her, as a burglar would the false keys, or a forger the pen and ink, that he meant to commit his crimes with. He married her precisely for the same reasons that he wore spectacles, that he dyed his hair of a reddish tinge, that be shaved his face, that he walked with a slight limp, and talked with an affected voice. He married my poor darling for a blind. It is useless to waste indignation in telling what he did. He was simply a man without a conscience. A clever, talented, able fellow—the master of nine men out of 10 he was thrown in contact with; but with less of human feeling about him than would be developed in an animal given the form of man. With all his success, and her sorrow in after life, I think he was more to be pitied than she. At the Christmas of 1854 they had been married for seven months, and he was to spend two of the three Government holidays away from her for the first time. Two large safes, of which he only kept the keys, were in the olfice adjoining his sleeping and sitting tents—one for holding gold and money ou deposit, the other the gold to go by escort. This he told her, the scoundrel, allowed liim to go away with alight heart. "Foryou know Mary, my love, while the sentry is on watch over the treasure in the safes, he must watch over my treasure of a wife." When the crash came the commissioner got into trouble for not keeping the keys in his own hands, for not daily counting over the cash, for not doing, in short, what one never thinks of doing till it is too late. Hope wouldn't for the world leave his wife on Christmas Day. It might be a sentiment, but he trusted never to be Christmas away from her. He gave her in the morning a handsome jewelled watch, on which was engraven to " his dear wife." He went to his father-in- law's church with her, prayed like a human being, went round with the plate, and unostentatiously dropped his own sovereign into it in the face of the small conaregation. He wished every one he met going and returning "all the compliments of the season," and behaved in all respects like an orthodox and unsuspectabie Christian. The next morning he went away. It was to be a walking expedition to a squatter's station on the Loddon, two days' fishing, and then home again to her, and sweet woik. " You silly pirl," said he, as he polluted bis wife's pale face by his last kiss, "you look as woe-begone as if I were bidding you good-bye for ever." "I'm very selfish, I know, Ralph," she sobbed, "but it's our flrst parting, and I have such strange fancies. 1 can't bear the idea of your going away. Do take care of yourself, dailing." " Don't you be afraid of that, my pet. I'll take care of myself," and with that he strode away. It was the only true promise he ever made her—the only one he ever kept. The holidays were over, and the hour arrived for opening the gold-office, but the clerk with the keys was not at his post. There was a small crowd of diggers and storekeepers waiting; Bome to deposit, others to take out gold or money. Half an hour passed, and there was a flutter of excitement over the camp. The commissioner was awoke an hour before his time, and hastily donning bis gold-laced breeches, coat, and hat, went seedy and cross to Mrs. Hope's quarters to get an explanation of the popular commotion. Poor thing, she could tell him little. Ralph had promised to be home last night, and she was sure something had happened to him. Would he send a messenger out to the Loddon, and learn the worst? The commissioner, smothering his suspicion with his anger, as he thought of his own responsibilities, despatched a trooper with a note to Hope, directing him to send back the keys if he couldn't come himself, and then went out to quiet the increasing crowd. The trooper took his time in riding to the Loddon, but rode his 20 miles back in an hour. Hope had not been to the squatter's, and had not promised to go. Iu fact(> they knew nothing of him. A terrible fear fell upon the commissioner. He consulted with the leading officials on the camp, and the result was that blacksmiths were called in, and with the aid of cold chisels. wedges, and sledge-hammers, the safes were, with some hours'hard work, burst open, and over £30,000 in gold, sovereigns, and notes found miBsing. The wretched witts was mercifully spared for many months all consciousness of the misery that had fallen upon her. Spared the daily rumours of her husband's arrest, the lengthened accounts in the papers of every little particular that bore upon the crime, the placards on the walls describing his person, and the police search iu their tent to see if he had hidden any part of the treasure at home before he decamped. Spared till lime the healer had almost wiped out of men's memories the cause of her suffering. It was not till the little sickly infant that was born in the first'shock of the horror was able to toddle about alone and lisp out "Mamma," that her mind awoke from its long sleep. For months her lite had been little hoped for, her return to reason utterly despaired of, and those who loved her best would have thought death a blessed release from the future in Store for her. But she lived as so many do to whom existence is a pain. She lived to drag through life the heavy burden of disgrace that her scoundrel husband had loaded her with. And lived to enjoy the sweetest revenge upon him that a human being as good as she could experience. Hope's chance of escape from Victoria was, the police declared, utterly out of the question. There were at different times detectives on his track who wouldn't have taken £500 down for their share of tbe Government reward of £1,000. Every ship that sailed from our ports was searched with a thoroughness that did credit to the earnestness of the Executive. Several stow-avvays were turned up; some innocent, and one or two guilty men arrested by mistake. Every man in the colony with a limp had to render an account of himself, and people were never tired admiring the activity and vigilance of the detec- AH this Hope bad confidently counted on. He was not a man to spoil the success he had worked up to by undue haste to enjoy the fortune he had acquired with such skill, lie was a roan of simple tastes. To gain comfort hereafter he was quite content to moderate his desires for the present. The simplicity of his plan made it impossible for any one to suspect it. He calculated on the cleverness of the police, and he was not mistaken. The detectives never for a moment imagined that, after the able way he had managed matters up to the point of absconding, he would act like a fool at the last. According to their lights, it would have been acting like a fool to have remained anywhere near the scene of the robbery, and so they searched for him in all the places a clever thief should have gone to. Hope's scheme showed rare genius and knowledge of human - nature. Three days before tbe robbery he saw a notice on a gum-tree, stating that a horse, cart, tent, and tools were to be sold cheap, as the owner was going to town. He went in the evening to the tent, a short distance from the camp, in his old digger's dress, and bought and paid cash down for the lot. The night before he absconded he worked hard, getting all the treasure on deposit and for escort down to the tent. * The gold office was next his own sittingroom, and communicated with it. In anticipation of what he was now doing, be had long been in the habit of working late at night in his office, and going from it down to the township. The keys of the Bafes were in his own possession: there was not a soul in the world to suspect him. He didn't leave a sovereign, a note, or an ounce of gold behind him, when he threw up, without notice, his position in Government service. He was not a man who ever offered excuses to himself for what he did. His wants and his will were his sole laws, and not even respecting bis wife did he think a defence necessary- " If she wasn't such a little fool," he reasoned, " I'd feather her nest, nicely before I left. I could spare her l,000oz. well, and would, if she'd keep it. But I know the goose she is. She d give it all up to tbe police the instant she heard the news," and his feeling towards her was rather righteous indignation at thus frustrating his charitable intentions than pity for the ruin he brought upon her. After bidding his wife good-bye. Hope went into the scrub, where the night before he had planted his old clothes and a blanket. The suit he wore he put in the blanket, and rolled up into a swag. Then, with the mere disguise of darkening his hair and eyebrows, and putting colouring on his nose and cheeks, he walked out with tbe swag on his shoulders through the streets of the diggings, with the air and carriage of one who had nothing to fear from any one. He remained for a few days in his new home, calm and triumphant.. Travellers of all kinds, he thought, would be open to suspicion at the first hue and cry ; but at the end of a week he took down his tent, packed his things on his dray, and passing by the camp, and looking for the last time at his old home, where his wife was then lying smitten down by him, returned by easy stages to Bendigo, taking wiih him the new name of Edgar Vane, in place of the one he had left disguised in the dismal Whipstick scrub. On Bendigo he pitched his tent in a gully, and worked for two long years for a miserable subsistence. If it appears strange that he was not recognised, let the reader try an experiment. Discolour your skin, dye your hair, leave off your customary spectacles, let your beard, moustache, and whiskers grow, change every article of your clothes, and drop a limp that you have hitherto walked with, and see how many of your best friends will recognise you. Vane, the honest digger, would have laughed in the face of any man who pretended he saw a likeness in him to the defaulting gold-office clerk. How he revelled as he sat in his tent at night in the consciousness of the wealth in his possession! What dreams he formed of the pleasant future in store for him, dreams to be realised so sure as virtue remained iu gold ! Two feet under the old gin case he sat upon mending bis old clothes was money enough to buy house aud carriages and pleasant gardens, and the good opinions of people, and the respect and esteem of the world. It shows what the man was, that for these two years, from the day he buried his gold till he dug it up to turn it to account, he never desired to see or touch it. There was something almost sublime in the patience with which he worked steadily on till he was able to enjoy the fruits of his rascality. At the end of his two years' probation, he thought that the time had come for making his virtue known. The great gold robbery at the Whipstick was pretty well forgotten, and the great gold robber grown quite out of the memory of people. But ho omitted even then no precaution, and went to work as cautiously as when his crime was fresh in men's minds and a description of his person on every wall. He sold gold here aud there in small parcels. lie kept three or four banking accounts, and speculated by correspondence with Melbourne agents in bank, gas, and railway shares. He bought through the same means at the Government land sales and private auctions, and in six months' time every ounce of his stolen gold was converted into valuable securities, and Edgar Vane was a capitalist of no mean standing. Years rolled on in wealth and peace, and all the solid advantages he hoped for became bis. Vane's station was the pleasantest home in the Western district, and its master the most popular man. A kind and liberal master, a warm and generous friend, his purse and time were always at the service of those who were doing good deeds. His wife added to his popularity, for she was just the woman to make a country house what it should be. A genial, pleasant, lady-like woman, who had never known a real trouble in her life, her whole aim seemed to be to make everyone she came in contact with as happy as herself, and the only reward she sought, for was the love of all who knew her. Towards the end of 1872 Mr. Vane found it necessary to go to New Zealand, to see personally into station property that he held a partnership interest in. It was first arranged that his wife and daughter were to go with him, but Mrs. Vane was delicate and feared the sea voyage, and the idea was reluctantly given up. Vane then wrote to his Melbourne agent to engage a lady who would act as governess to his little girl and companion to his wife duiing his absence. She must be an educated woman, of course, but likewise pleasant and lady-like, and have a character beyond doubt. "In short," he wrote, "I want a lady who will be completely a member of the family, and I leave the terms altogether with you. You know 1 never disputed an account in my life." The agent wrote back to say he could secure a treasuie. A widow lady, with an only daughter, a girl of 18, for whose iliorough respectability he and numbers of persons in good position, from the bishop down, were willing to vouch, would be disengaged in a short time. They had a private school in the suburbs, but "now, you know, the state has taken teaching into its own hands, and the poor woman—as true lady as ever lived—will have to take to something else for a living. Both she and the daughter are highly accomplished, and she is the most winning and agreeable woman I ever met in my life. They would be glad to go to you together: they will not be separated—Mrs. Prior as housekeeper and companion, and Miss Prior as governess. If this will suit you, you will not only be doing a good act for a good woman, but one that I can warrant will be quite as good for yourself. There is a sad t-toiy about Mrs. Prior, which none but her intimate friends know. She will tell it to your wife if she goes to you, and, if you ever hear it, it will make you value her all the more." " There,"my dear," said Mr. Vane, when he had finished reading the letter to his wife, "I always believed in the Education Act, and one of its first fruits is to enable us to do two worthy people a kindness, and ourselves ar- tbe same time. I like doing kindnesses to other people when they are likewise kindnesses to one's self." " Don't try and be cynical, Edgar. It isn't nice, and it doesn't become you, I sim greatly taken with the idea of Mrs. Prior and her daughter. Eva wants some one to devote her whole time to her, and I really feel as if I should have assistance inmanaging." The thing was settled, as the Yankees Bay, "right away." Mrs. and Miss Prior were to leave Melbourne by train, and then come ou by conch on tbe same day in the middle of January of last year that Mr. Vane drove down from his station to Portland to take the boat on his way to New Zealand. "Any one could get on with Mrs. Vane," was a common saying in the Western district, but no one ever did get on with her as Mrs. Prior did. Writing to her husband three months after he left, Mrs. Vane said :—"The only fault I can see in her is that she is too nice. She is making me uneocial. Tbe bouse is so pleaBant with her and her daughter that I really don't care for any of the neighbours. She would go out with me everywhere if I wished it; but, poor thing, she doesn't care for society, and you'll not wonder when I tell you tbe reason. She is a saint, Edgar, and I think when you hear all that you'll start off like a knight errant of old in search of some one. Don't hurry back, darling, if you are enjoying yourself. I am not a bit lonely, as I expected to be." In fact, tbe young wife and the young widow—for they were both young and beautiful—had formed for each other a strong and lasting friendship. Mrs. Prior had often met with sympathy and active kindness. She was one of those women that people cannot meet without taking to; but such loving sympathy, such sisterly affection, as Mrs. Vane showered on her she had never known before, and she returned it with the warmth of one not given to placing her friendships lightly. Miss Prior got on just as well with Eva, the pet of the bouse; and the year of Mr. Vane's absence—be suddenly made up his mind for a trip home, and left New Zealand, after finishing his business, by tbe Californian mail—was one of the happiest that either of the mothers or daughters bad ever spent. At last a telegram announced his arrival in Melbourne, and he was to follow, so as to spend his Christmas Day at home. On that Christmas morning, just a year ago, Mrs. Prior was up before any one in tbe house bur, the servants. Mr. Vane was expected by midday, and she was anxious to see that, everything was as it should be. She stood in tbe drawingroom, whose bay windows opened out on a lovuly^ardei), still gay with flowers and green with grass-plats, and kept with the care that only the wealt hy can command. Some chord in her memory was struck, and she paused for a while to think of the past. She thought of a Christmas morning 10 years ago, when a husband—liovr sadly she contrasted him with the good husband her friend was expecting!—one whom she then loved better than all the world, clasping her round the waist, and whispering fond words of falseness in her ear, placed a jewel in her hand, and told her t.liat the gold in it was not «ood enough for the dear young wife he loved. And a bitter smile stole over her face as she thought how, long months afterwards, when she came back to a hateful consciousness after her trance of horror, her lirst act was to lling tbe loathsome gift on the iloor and dash it to atoms. As she mused over the past a sound of horses' hoefs struck on her ear, but horsemen were constantly coming and going on the station, and she paid little attention to it. Then she heard a firm, springing, uianly step on the gravelled walk, as of one familiar with the ways of the place, coming nearer and nearer to the drawingrooni window. Then a footstep on the verandah, a shadow at the window, and the ne^t moment a man was in the room. She had on a shawl of Mrs. Vane's, and stood back at the end of the room. He came from the bright warm sunshine of the summer morning into the comparative darkness of the cool lofty room, and it is no wonder that he took the strange lady for his wife. " Up already, darling," he cried, advancing towards her, " and I rode all the way from Portland without drawingreintoaurprise you"—and then he stopped as she took two steps forward to meet him. It was thus after a separation of 19 years that Ralph Hope met his wife. The grave for both had given up its dead, and each stood for a few terrible moments before the other— silent, awe-stricken, livid, ghost like. As little attempt at concealment now for Hope as if he had lifted the veil of death, and stood before the pure spirit of her he had so cruelly injured in life. All his disguises gone—all his arts at an end. Lying of no more avail. He threw himself prostrate on the iloor before her—he could not longer support her gaze. " Mercy, Mary, mercy. Not for me—I cannot ask it—but mercy for others. All that you want, Mary—all that you can hope or ask for—shall be yours. But don't disgrace tne. My ruin would be yours too, and theirs. Speak to me. Say something, if it's only to curse me. Don't look on me with those horrible eyes. For God's sake, don't scream or make a noise. Look here, Mary. If you give me your mere word, I will write you this instant an acknowledgement for £100,000. Think what £100,000 will do. Think of our child. Kemember how I loved you till the devil got the better of me. Mary, will you pity me? Will you think of my poor—of the poor woman who thinks herself my wife, and will die if she hears your story ? Will you think of little Eva, and what her fate will be ?" It was self he pleaded for throughout, and she knew it, as if she had seen the working of his brain. As the firstshock passed, and she became calm enough to listen to and comprehend his broken words, a sense of exultant scorn possessed her. This abject cringing thing—the man she once loved ! This coward, who grovelled at her feet, the man who once trampled on her heart! This the man whose desertion had grieved her ! "Ralph Hope, you are—God forgive you—my husband and my child's father, but I would rather see her in her grave than let her touch your hand. Don't fear I shall ever seek to claim you as a husband. Now, if you dare speak to me again," she cried as he attempted to speak to her, and there was a sternness in her voice that made his heart quake, " I may let my passion carry me away, and-enounce you as the thief and villain that you are. Lie there before me, and hear in silence what I have to say. I would no more touch your filthy gold than I would suffer again the contamination of your touch. You are safe in this world—in all you hold dear—in your gold and your body— for all the evil you have done. On this day He, in whom you have no faith, was born into the world. He supported me when you deserted me, and for His sake, and the Bake of your dear wife and child, whom may He look down on and pity, I forgive you. Oh, man ! I tell you I pity and forgive you ; and for the pity and forgiveness of which you stand so sorely in need I only ask you in return to leave this house without a word or a look on me, and let me pass this day for the last time in the society of the poor darling that I have loved and you have injured so deeply. But one word before you go," she added, as he prepared to obey her command. "I only promise to spare you public exposure. I cannot answer for what I tnay do about about your unhappy wife. I must have time to think, and the advice of others to guide me." " The advice of others ? Oh, Mary, what other would you tell the Becret to ?" This he asked in tones of despair, as he stood before her, without daring to disobey her orders by looking at her. " An honeBt man, Ralph. A man whose pure love I refused, to accept the base imitation you ottered me. I tell you plainly I will tell him all, and be guided by what he advises. Go now." Ralph Hope, alias Edgar Vane, left his wife's presence without another word or a look. But he left behind him the content and peace of mind that he thought his for life. All that he had struggled and worked for—the wealth and comfort, the love of wife and child, the good opinion of the world, the esteem of friends, his very liberty, were to be henceforth held on sufferance. His secret was no longer his own. His deserted wife held him in her power, and intended to Bhare that power with a man who had every reason to bate him. It was a black Christmas for Hope, and when he strode down to the overseer's cottage where he had left his horse, and left a message for Mrs. Vane to say that the most important business called him away to Boroon station, 40 miles away, and that he couldn't be back for two days, the overseer said to his wife that the master must have had bad times in England—he was looking quite aged. It was a sad Christmas, too, for Mrs. Vane. Following on the unaccountable arrival and departure of her huBband, came the shock of the announcement that Mrs. Prior was going to leave. It was told with tears, genuine tears of sorrow, as she kissed her friend's cheek, and pressed her to her heart. "I only waited for Mr. Vane's return, for I knew you would not miss me then," she said. "You must not ask me questions now. I may tell you all yet. It is news I have in connexion with my unfortunate husband. I must go to-morrow." And Mrs. Vane, with the delicacy of a lady, forbore to ask a single question, and only regretted that Edgar's mysterious absence must put off for a time the friendship that was Bure to Bpring up when they knew each other. Mrs. Prior and I talked the matter over long and anxiously on her return to town. I was for justice—she for mercy. It made my blood boil to think of the prosperous hypocritical scoundrel escaping the punishment that his crimes called for. At least, I argued, in reply to her Btatement that she had passed her word to save him from public exposure, at leas.t his wife should be told, so that she might leave the rascal. " To what purpose ?" asked Mrs. Prior. " It would, I believe, kill her, and deprive him of his only hope of reformation. I am dead to him, my friend. She is now his real wife, and bad as you know him to be, he has been to her a good husband for 12 years. It iB all between us two and him. I thought it due to our long friendship to tell you. But for my sake I ask you to pardon him." I couldn't say that; but for her dear sake, dearest of women to me next to my own dear wife, her oldest friend, I gave SL reluctant consent to her pardon. The curse of forgiveness has gone forth against Ralph Hope from the two in this world that he did the most to injure, 