[ THE CAl'lFORNIAN GHOST. ' ' ;''?'! (NKWS'. OF'TilE'WOIlLn'.O' .1 ' i ? iNit tob'e'iiutilpiieby the' old country, Sail Francisco bus liail.'.'a, 'repi-'odnctioa' uf tlie'Cdek-lunb Glib,3t niystory.' A com mUte.e; . .-|f inrestigation' is sitting with c!'oseiril6o'r»,''eiidi!avburiiig' . t6v!«ift ' the truth out of the accounts given by many witnes.es of certain spirit manifestations wliich'littvedriyen'a geiitleinan'and his family biit'ofhouse'anirhome.': The scene of the mystery is Oakland, asmall to.wq across the Bay of San/ Francisco; For three days utul nights~the inmates of a liana's in tltut'plRoe occupied by a ilrJ 'JV B. Clark, of the Sub-Treasury, were dis turbed by thumpingB on the floor of the sitting-room, by tbe ringing of the house bells, und by the strange antics of chairs und other pieces of furniture. The house is two stories; high, has a gable roof,, and stands at the cornorof two utrccts.'i'heoccil pants of the house, were Mr. Clark, his wife, grown-up daughter, little.son,,.^,, re-;, lative who is an invalid and confined to her bed, a Mr. Oxland, and'a Mr. Bayley. The rioting with the furniture in, the. hotise''went on through a great part 'of one* night, and continued until seven o'clock in the morning'.' ' Then there was accssa tion of the sportsuntil eight o'clock. .. ,Mv Clark and his wife iwerc in the dining room, and his daughter, who had been out, hud laid. her hat und shawl and gloyes;,in the parlour and joined her parents, when a fresh noise in the parlour startled them. They welit iuto the room and foiiu'ditbat the' sofa hud been whirled rouud and- was lying ou its back in front of the grate ; a chair had been thrown dowii, and on 'it was a small iron siffe weighing about lOlb. Miss Clark's gloves' lay on the floor* iibf flat, like enipty gloves,' but pu.ffed but,: and' with the thumbs sticking up, us if they were drawn qn invisible bunds,1 -They picked up the sofa and chair, and were about to leave the room when the blower before the grute jumped down and darted across the room in a kind of pirouette. Mr. Clark, laughing, remarked that it must buve been a strong draught of air that could have done that, and be replaced the blower: ' It immediately flew out into the middle of tlie floor again. He then put it on the hearth, but if wriggled on to the carpet. Th,en ho lost ' patience, and joaid, ' Well, all right, if you want r to lie there, why do «o.' And there the blower lay. , On the previous night, in the adjoin ing dining room, there wus a curious per formance, by an easy chair which weighs about 40lb. The chair had not bee u moved during the evening, while other chairs were misconducting themselves in the maddest wav. Mr. Bavlev, cettina tired and sleenv. said,' Well, I m going to bed, and I wbn'tget up again if tho whole side of the house tumbles in.' Scarcely h'ad he uttered these' rash' 'words' when this big chair, which stood near tlie door, rose slowly into the air until it w us half-way between tbe floor andtlie ceiling, arid then began to s'piu round, slowly n,t first, but faBter nnd faster us it gained centrifugal force, until in ljss than a minute it was revolving and humming like a top. and bo fast that its shape \yas indistinguishable. \% stopped, came down plump to the floor, and did not move again, Next day Mr. Clark and Mr. Bayley tried, but failed, to; make the chair turn as fast as it bud done when no one was touching it. Early in the morn ing Miss Clark, wearied out, was going up stairs to her bedroom, whenia'ibaskot of silver ware, weighing about .201b., came flying at her from the top -of a small bureau which stood at the ; i he_ad : of the stairs, Thelmslief fell', lit Her ' feet, 'nSd; only out -thino'in the basket was -at; nil injiirci) — a small vase, which -wiw deuteii. Somi uftcrw'urdB uboxof conl ;stundlilg pu a landiiig leaped over the banister, and came tumbling downstairs.1 , The white wall \m« marked by the coals. In Mr. Oxlim IV bedroom, wliers several ; persons were i waiting1 for. a recurrcncc.nf the phenomena; MiHs)Clark said, 'Well, if they are coming again, I wish they'd come, for rin-ge'tting slcepyi' Instantly one of the chairs jumped from the floor on the the bed. : Soon . afterwards Mr. Oxlnnd took his watch out and laid it on the, bed. In an1 ihslunt the 'watch - was carried to another part of the room, and, laid ion a chair. With a great crash in another part of the house, a door, which had been locked nnd'bolted, ,was takenofT.its hinges nnd placed against the banisters. No one saw this done. On the'decond night, wlien a chair came'boundihg'1 over, ;)the; Btair rails, aud,'nftcr striking against , the!) wall, Iundcd:nt the bbttomof tlic:i :itainr- unin jured, 'Mr.' Clark went to thefiRepublicnn Convention,' 'and!: invitadoaoniea^of his friendstbeome and witness these strange performances for themselves. Mr. Sher? man' (Assistant United (States ( Treasurer)! Colonel J. B. Howard, a lawyer, arid two or three other gentlemen, accepted the in vitation. The party sat tnlkiug for nn hour, and nothing unusual happened. The visitors'rose to'leave 'about' i' nine ^b'.clbckV As (they, left the dining-room another chair came over the- banisters. When the party standing in the hall looked up tbeistairs they siiw irlarge ''-'upholstered chair, which stood at.tne.htad of tlic stairs,' come slowly forward,' as 'if; it'was' about to descend. . When it,, got -tpfthe topjofthe stuirs, however, it stopped; then it put the forelegs down one Btep, but drcjv them up again like a dog hesitating to go .down.Bome daiii gcrpns plu'cel Finally' the' chair ' trotted ' back to its accustomed place'. One of 'thechaira in the 'parlour'' made a ?light :, demoustration, which, ' however, scarcely excited any attention, , so much had the inmates of the house ' become ac customed to see more violent gymnastic performances. /The reporter subsequently interviewed Mr. Sherman,'', who. 'corrobo rated Mr. Clark's statement ' as to the thihgnjic had seen. Mr. Clark' was, he I ?if, an honourable, truthful mani wholly Tuipableof trickery or deceit of anykindi affiSi^n pointed out that these i%tifi ?WWtfe'Pn8' '''I occurred iu'WerP (?Udyand Mr ( Clark's own room, in1 lAh his little hoy sleeps. This, as the ^?tant treasurer said, nure signify noth |Kir|frpra getting '*'A°of|H|H^M-er8 ; was published, he t'hoysrht^it^beat to itte every facility for public examination. Mcordingly, on the morning of the, fourth' Wt-A-i telegraphed to the repnffer '?of the KfriMihtcto come over nml^bring hfs Mendl '? The third night's wqrk hadbeeM Rjffi5?n for the nerves opM eiark* Mite and they liuittcd the bouse on the* MerHffin of tlio fourth day:; Soineof the jnjents of the third niElitWereveVy strange. yUijuty of gentlemen bad ? iis?enil)led at We.((ouse. .They bad liec|i,?it«ng iii tbe pi(r|oiir for nn hoiir; and/nitljlhg .-'Jinving iHfcnrrcd, Dr. Eclls was aBoVitTi-to leave, when three tremindous .'iimunps ,. were heard on the dining-room floor.' '.' '- There they nre.'V.said MK' Clark^'nnir l-e !mi'\t-r.,' Eclls.fVi'ollo.wcd '. by the rest- . of ',,' the ' 'cninpany, - rushed to wurils tho (lliiiiiVr-ivmm: The moment llicy got into, the hiillnr!; Bella cried out, 'yee-.tliat'.chair!';and tiicy.s'nwith'o chair that . hiid'ah'iiwn so'imicli 'yacillatlori''on'tlib' previous night; spiniiiiiVj'nt'tlio li'cjiil of 'th'^ stairs like a top. Going to the dining'-' room nnd then .to the 'rear of the, bouse, tliey.'made,a';criti(iai::examiiiatloii 'of the pussagio-yfny'j iliiiierrionth tile house, but the entrance'.waa securely bolted 'jind barred. Abo'ut'lS ininutcsafter'the 'return of the party to the. parlour. t,li'e,bclls ill, over, the house' began to 'ring, and'a' little 'silver gong in ^he china closet gave out a succes sion of sounds' that could be heard all over tlie,h,ouse. .As., the party. ;'werit .towards the diiiiDg-rooni; j two, boxes ' (one a hat-box) ' and ' a' basket f.'eainc flying over thp jbanister^fronV , lips'taira, and n moment afterwards the nig ; 'bh'alr' ' came down with a force that ' shook 'the' whole house. ' Dr. Eells had by this time seen chough, and he took1 'hislVhdt and said 'Goodnight' to the party. Not long afterwards ii''beavv mahogariy' bureau standing on the landing, upstairs fell for ward, nnd remained with its ? face resting on the baninters..! The drawers 'slid half way out, and the glass was detached, but nothing was :jbroken.,, The ,.,, bureau was righted; and by his. daughter's -adyice.,[lilr'.; Clark put the. big .chnirj that .iiiail.,goriei downstairs in front of tlie Imreuii to keep it from falling ojpiin. But no sooner was tho chair pluced^uguinst the. bureau ^thari it flew downstairs again', nnd this' time one of the legs being broken, Mr. Clark car ried it out to the- wood-shed and left it , there...,, Tup .furniture in . the rooms 'occupied' by Mr: : Oxlnnd ''and -Mr. Bayley wua moving about in the most ec centric way. Chairs and tables went march ing. aboutjthe^roomB, aiid; books ,nnd boxes,, were thrown down.' Sleep' b'eing 'out' of the question Mr. Oxland got up und came down-stairs, closing- hiB: room door after him.. Mr.Buyley, lying on his be! with the door open',' could sectlio dbb'r'. of Ox land's room, und he declared that it wus hever onened. Yet a'laftre'trunk. weitrh ing nearly 2001b., hcl.qnging to Mr Oxland, and which htood in his bedroom, contain ing books, paints, canvas, pnlcltcs, and puint-brusbe-,' was ! thrown '[downstairs. In its flight it knocked a hole in the wall, and ? broke . ,»,.,, rail .. jout,,.^f jtho, banisters, and fell, a mass .of splinters, i-,t the ' foot of the stuirs'. '; This '. lust '' exhibi tion of the' power' of the' spirits!' '-thihried out' tho watching pewer and:all; with the exception of two gentlemen named Palmer and Colonel Veruon.left. ^r.' Clark con fessed that he ivus getting tiervbus'.' 'Bay Icy und Oxlaud had retired to. get, if pos sible, a little rest.' 'Mr.'''Clark and bis three friends sat smoking in the dining room, talking in low toucs 'sojIub;' riot 'to disturb those who were upstairs, when suddenly a long, wild, i. shrill] scrcnm sounded through the house. The cry wus so unearthly' .'that it frightened even the men, and the poor girl was hourly iri'. hysterics, anil fancying that she had seen a strange white face, with open mouth and staring;eyes, as of u woman in agony, she' implored her futher to take her away from. tliq.r;hpuse. The scream unuervcil , nil, and though there was neither sound nor disturbance of anything in the house after this noise, Mr. Clark and his family left the house on tbefollowing dny. ..'The.ne.x,l'l,lniglit a large party,' :umong.:-ylioin.,were-jseycral spiritualists, r.and ^mediiims,',',*assetublcd to watchj,but--.th.ey(l,.were .uot^rewttrde'd for their- nalri8'ihj(-nny-inore -cccentrja. behaviour, on , the, part . of the fur-' iiiture; ' nii'd iiltlim'lgli bhecif. the iheilliims tried to ojion 'cbinmunicdtions with the. denizens of spi'ritlnnd, the -spirits ..would not come 'when tlicyiiwero called., ,Jt is iioteivortliy -tlint when tliejnyiilid lady and tbelittleo.boy, had left, the i. house the 'spirit',! nianifcstiitions ceased, 'The re port of tbecpinmittceis lookeil fnf *ifh miicliiinterc'st.' ,U 'would Imre been'' liiAre satisfacib'ry'if 'the'watcbing party had pro posed, instead of sitting together in one; room; to ' separate land, each to keep, watch in a different' room, so.tliat,e»'cry rpom;iind( place in the house niiglit liuve^becii under | HiBpectionrat the same; time, ,,',',[', ';'' ' 