THE "BLUE LAWS," The Melbourne correspondent of a Southern paper says : — The late discussion on the Sabbatarian question has had the effect of opening people's eyes to the unchanging charac- ter of Puritanism, It is seen to be just as intolerant, tyrannical , narrow- minded bigoted in tho nineteenth as it was in the seventeenth century. It indulges in the same Devil-worship now which it did then; and Presbyterian preachers are still to be found adoring the name and admiring the character of that ferocious old ruffian John Knox, as ardently as they did 200 years ago. Nothing is changed, and we may be perfectly certain that if Drs. Cairns and Cameron had tho power, they would establish and enforce enactments as atrocious as those which were formed in force in New England. It may he well at this juncture, to remind your readers what those were. They were "Called the Blue Laws, from tho fact cf their having been bound in blue paper, just as tho papers issued from the Imperial printing office in London are called Blue Books, 'They are passed by tho " general courts " of tho different plantations, as the North American colonies were then designated ; and were eventually condensed into two codes, Tho Plymoth code dates as far back as 1638 ; and that of New Haven was promulgated in 1655. The follow ing extracts will show what they were : — "That none shall be admitted freemen or free burgesses within this jurisdiction, or any part of it, but such planters as are members of some one or other of the approved churches of New England." Thus a Roman Catholic, a Jew, an Unitarian, or a Quaker, was shut out from tho rights of citizenship in that Puritan country. " Whosoever shall profane tho Lord's Day by doing unnecessary servile work, by unnecessary travailing, or by sports and recreations, he or they that so transgress shall forfeit for every such fault forty shillings, or be publicly whipt ; but if it clearly appear that sin was proudly, presumptiously, and with a high hand com mitted, against tho known command and au thority of tho blessed God, such a person there- in despising, and reproaching tho Lord SHALL BE PUT TO DEATH, or grievously punished at tho discretion of tho court." If a man played at cup and ball, or gambolled with his children on Sunday, he was liable to be fined or publicly whipped, at the discretion of a Sabba tarian tribunal, and if he persevered in these iniquitous proceedings he might be adjudged to suffer death. Humane Christians ! ' No one shall run on tho Sabbath day, or walk in his garden or elsewhere, except reverently to and from meeting. " If any man shall kiss his wife, or wife kiss her husband on tho Lord's .Day, the -party in fault shall be punished at tho discretion of tho court of magistrates. " No woman shall kiss her child on tho Sab bath or fasting day." These prohibitions speak for them selves. To interdict people from walk ing in their gardens on the first day of the week was just such a proceeding as might have been expected from tho fanatics whose co-religionists are now ottering such a malevolent opposition to tho opening of tho Public Library in this city on Sunday. " No priest shall abide in this dominion ;he shall be banished, and SUFFER DEATH on his return." The Puritans, it will be remembered, emigrated to North America because they were denied freedom of conscience in the mother country ; and yet, their whole policy in New England was opposed to religious liberty. " No gun shall be shot off on any unneces sary occasion, or at any GAME whatever except an Indian or a wolf ! "A debtor in prison, swearing he has no estate, shall be let out and SOLD to make satis faction !" By these people tho Indian, the original lord of tho soil, whom they first robbed and then murdered, was reputed to be no better than a wolf. In fact, he was classified as " game" ; and to shoot him down was held to be a meritorious action. As to an impecunious prisoner for debt, it was lawful for his creditor to sell him into slavery. " O, Father Abraham, what these Christians are !" " If any child, above sixteen years old, shall curse, or smite, his, her, or their parents, such child or children shall be put to death. " If any man, after due conviction, shall have, or worship any other God than tho Lord God, he shall be put to death. "If any person be a witch, he or she shall be put to death." " If any person be a blasphemer, he shall be put to death." Enactments like these are almost incredible ; but some of these are still in force, although they have been suf fered to fall into disuse. A ui.ot in Civ 11,1 /.at ion. — Sixteen colored qirisonors wero taken out of Trenton gaol re- ooully by a band of armed 111011, and murdered in cold blood. This atrocity was committed by the wliito men of tho district without any provocation which would givo to tlioir cowardly act oven the color of justification. If the whito 111011 iu tho south imagine tlmt acts liko those will bo tolerated by tlio nation they are sadly mistaken. The spirit which led the masked band at Trenton to invade the sanctuary of the law, and commit a oownrdly and brutal crime, tuny yet Iring on tlio South oountloss miseries. The moii who huto most bitterly the negro rtico can scarcely lioqie that they' will be allowed to massacre tlio colored peoplo with out inlerforeueo ; and acts liko the qn-oscnt point to tlio necessity of making tho law res pected at all huzards. A revival of Ku-Klux outrages will inevitably lead to tlio adoption of such repressive niensnros as may bo noeessary to the security of tlio peaceful inhabitants iu the district. In tlio present case tho duty of tho Govornmont is olear. Unless the loyal authorities hero immediately arrest and bring to justice tho qicrpetrators of this cowardly massacre, the goneral Government should tako lliomattor iu hand, and soo.tliatiittiugpunish- mont bo metod out to the murderers. Suoli crimes aro a blot on our cilizalion. — New York Herald. An I ai ronTANT Decision. — Ouc of the most important points of law in oonnuotion with the Land Act, uropped up at the Cooma Quarter Sessions, on Monday, and as tho decision of Judge M'Farlund was givon ugainsl tlio Lands department, it will affect to a considerable ex tent tlio operations of tlio Minister for Lands. Tho facts of tho caso are those : Mr. Emanuel Jonas, a rospeotablo ros'dont of Bombnln, and qwoprietor of one of the local papers thoro, froo solectcd somo land 011 a squatter's run, and tho nnnoyaueo caused to tho. latter in duced him to pay particular attention to Mr. Jonns's habits of life, among other things where I10 slopt at night— in other words, whothor Mr. .Touas fulfilled tliat romarkablo provision of the Laud Act known as tho rcsi- 1 donee clause. The result of the attentions iudioatad to tho mind of tho rnn-lioldcr, that his now neighbour was not a resident according to law. Tho Minister for Lands was 00m- muniolod with, and Mr. Jonas consequently oalli'd upon to show cause why/jke,, kc. Tlio result of tlio correspondence was a declaration sont in to Mr. Jonas, and whioli afterwards formed tlio grouud upon which ho was charged with having made a false- declaration, aud committed for trial. Tlio easo was, ou Monday, hoard beforo Judge M'Farland, aud a jury. itir. nancy, nisirtietou uy air. 0011011, uqiqicuiou for defendant. At the oloso of tho caso tor the crown, Mr. Dnllcy put in tho objection that tlio statutory declaration was not required by law until tlio expiration of threo years, and tlio Minister for Lands had 110 authority to de mand it. Thi9 objeotion was uphold by Judgo M'Farland, who, thereupon withdrew tho case from the jury, and lho dcfcudant was dis charged. It remains to bo seen whether this ruling of Jtulpo M'Farhin ? will bo upheld by tho Supremo Cuurt. Should it bo so, tlio effoet will be to render lho Ministor for Lauds com paratively powcrloss in oarryiug out tlio functions of liis office iu regard to nn import- taut provision of tho Land Laws. — To/on and Country. A Madman — A most horribloooonrronoo took placo at the Alexandra l'lantation 011 F riday evening last, whioh resulted in tlio . almost instautauoous death of a Kanaka uamcd Sinunai, at tho hands of anothor nnmod Ball, belli of Appi, and up to U10 tirno of this affair on tho most friendly tortus. It appoars , that Ball had been suffering soveroly from dysoutory for some linio, a diseaso which as is wollknown ofton 'induces paroxysms of mania whou iu nn aggravated form. Siuinini had obtained per- niission to look nflcr Bnll, and 011 Friday evening was taking him his auppor when, without any warning, tiie latter jumped up aud knocked tlio unfortunate boy down with a tomahawk, continuing to out him about the hond ami. body as he. was lying down in a most fearful manner ; dentil onsuing in a few moments. Ball was with some . diifioutty secured and token into town, wiioro ho was confined in tho look-uqj. A magisterial iuqniry took place, and Boll was conuuittod for inurdor. Thoro is not tlio loast doubt, however, that ho was insnno nt tho time ho made tlio attnok 011 Siiuiuai. Since he lias boon iu tlio look-uqi lie lias at times been so violent as to require faslouing to the wall to prevent him injuring himself. Ha will nrobably bo confined in the asylum for dangerous lunatieB. — ill . Mercury OtUQiN of Fashions. — Tho origin of many fashions was iu tlio endeavor to ooucoal seme deformity of tho iuveutor. Bate lies wore invented iu England, in tho reign of Edward VI., by a foreign lady, who in this maimer ingeniously eovorod a won on her nock. Full- bottom wigs wero invented by a Frcnoli barber, ono Duvillor, whoso unmo they qierqiotuatod for tho Diiruoso of concealing an elevation in . 1 . /n.„..inn \rri tlio. suoiuuer ot too uauqiiuu. uma of Frauoo introduced long coats to hide his ill- niado logs. . Shoos with vory loug poiuts, fully two foot in longlh, were invcutod by Ilonry riantngonot, Duke of Aujoti, to conceal a largo cxci'Gseohcc on one of his foot. Wlion Franois 1\. was obliged to wear his hair short, owing to a wound roeoivod ou tho head, it became a prevailing fashion at court, ritarched stand up collars wero invented by Beau Brummol to hide a scrofulous blemish ou tho nook of George IV. , whou Biitice of Wales. Can any of our readors inform us why " chignons" " pads !' aud " babies " woro invented. — Ed. N.A.j Rest and Peace— Aftor all, tho number of thoroughly healthy 111011 or womou in tlio world is exceedingly small — so small tliat it Would astonish us if wo could only aseortaiu it. An ouormous proportion of tho hard work of lifu is dono by machinery which can only bo doscribcd as buiug iu a rickety condition. Tlio amount of uorvous onergy sometimes qiossossed by pursous whoso bodily health is of tlio puorc&t; ltiud, must ofton liavo surprised us all. TJioy seem as though a qiutT of wind would swooqi thorn away, aud yet they outlive storios before wliioh many 1111 apparoutly inyinoiblo frame is obligod to yield. Such men, as a rulo, know just how l'ar their strougth will carry tliom, aud seldom make too great a demand upon it. Thoy " humour" the weak placo. Aud this, is, qierlinps, as groat a secret iu tho art of takiug care of oneself ns any other tlint can be named For tlio rest, il as woll to givo no unnecessary thought to tho subject — a couditiou of mind whioh may bo aided by the rolioction that wo aro nil as travellers who cannot foresee at what period of tho roiul our journey will suddenly come to nu end, and who can only hope tlmt whou the last stage is readied wo shall find rost mid pcoao. — New York Times. The vicissitudes of Foiitune. — Within 0110 mouth from tlio ooiuqilotion of ,Lho first houso ritholo city, Pennsylvania, tliat city hud a tele graph office and hotol, costing tho owners 10,000 dols. Iu one mouth 111010 thero was a ' daily papor established, aud in tho next a thcatro, in another mouth a theatre, and thou an academy of music. In six months thoro wero 74 hotels and boarding housos ; in the seventh month lho city hud rcaohod its liighost prosperity. It then lind about 15,000 people, elaborate water works, a eity ball, and an ex pensive government. Thou occurred tbo com- 1 plotion of labour-saving enterprise — tlio so- called Miller Farm Pipo line — by which tho lotroleum was sent off indopoudont of the abouriug population. At once 4,000 wcro thrown out of employment, ivliile 2,000 houses becamo useless. This was thu death blow to Pitholo. At oiieo the hotels, the theatres, aud the telegraph office wero olosed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while nlmost ovory one pno.otl up liis trunk aud movod out. Only five faniilcs remained out of a - population of 15,000 souls, while tho railway from Pitliolc aud Olcopolis runs only ouo train a day, con sisting of a locomolivo aud singlo car, which is usually empty; but tho company is obliged to keep running, othorwiso the oharlor for tlio road would bo lost. 'J liey still liopo against hope for bettc.1 tiuios for thut unfortunate oit-y, which in only seven months was born, full- I grown, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case unequalled in history, modern 01- auoiont. Neither Egvnt nor Grceco cnu givo examples of such rapid changes. — Boston. A New Orleans judgo, ridiug in tho ears j recently, from a single glance at tlio oountou- nuoo of a lady by his side, imagined I10 know her, mid ventured to roinnrk tliat the day \vits pleasant. She only ausworcd " Yes." " Why do you wear a veil ?" " Lest I attract atten tion." "It is tho province of genLloinon to admire," replied tho gallant at ilaw. "Not when thoy nro married." " But I am not." "Indeed'/" " Oh, no ; I'm a haohetor." The lady quietly removed hor veil, disclosing to tho astonished magistrate tho faeo of his mothor- in-law. l-Io has boon , a raving maniac over since. KisSisoiN Ciioitcn — A Columbia, S.C., clergy man, who, while preaching a serman on Sunday evening, perceived a man and a womau under ho gallery iu tho act of Kissing each other behind n hymn-book, did not lose liis temper. No! I10; remained oalm. He beamed mildly at tlio offenders over liis spoof acles, and when tlio young man kissed her tho fifteenth timo, lie merely broko his sermon short off in tlio middle of " thirdly," aud offered a fervent prayer in behalf of " the young man in pink liock-tio aud the maiden in blue honnot and grey shawl, who were profaning the sanctuary by kissing ono mother in pew 78." And the congregation said "Amen." Then tho young woman pulled hor veil down, and tlio young man sat there and sworo softly to himself. He docs not go to churoh as much now as ho ilid. 