A. DROLLERY:: IN 'IMEDICAL PRACTICE. Ever since the'detection of " Sratching Fanny," who ingeniously imposed upon all and sundry as the " Cock-Lane Ghost," the skill of youngfemales in playing offtricks, and simulating maladies, out of a spirit of mere mischief, often to their own detriment, has been a well- recognised fact in the medical profession. In such performances, boys 'fall far behind. Miraculous wounds, ormiraculous cures, do not 'suit the boyish nature. Girls possess the true inventive faculty and power of endurance for some secret purpose. Yet, with a full knowledge of these qualities in the young female prtient, physicians are constantly imposed on; and for that matter, magistrates too, as, for example, when, as has occured, some young lady sustains a fanciful complaint of being improperly treated in a railway carnage. 'A story is told of a lady patientwho was in the habit of thrusting needles into her foot, and then submitting to a surgical operation for their removal. Butthis instance of eelf-inflictedtorture was far outdone in a curious case which occurred 'at the Carlisle Infirmary, and is mentioned by Dr Priestly in a lecture delivered at the M'iddlesex Hospital. We popularise it as follows t One day a young woman applied at the infirmary to be treated for an ulcer having a very ugly appearance, and which was spreading at a great rate. Suspecting that the patient was secretly causing the irritation, the doctor in attendance caused the part to be covered in such a way that she could not get at it. The result was that, by a course of simple treatment, the sore was quickly healed. The girl did not like getting well. In a short time she tried a new trsck. This was the oontrivance of agathering at the end of her finger, Iaading to the bone, a seeminsylsbad case, neces. sitaetinsg a surgioal opertion. - To this she would on no acuoun eonsent, and lef the infirmary. She afterwards, however, went to Liverpool, and there submitted to an amputation of part of the finger. Taking care that the wound should not heal, the case became so bad that the hand had to be amputated. This did not satisfy the morbid desire for suffering. Still she kept the wound in a state of irritation, and amputation above the elbow was resorted to. With the stump nearly healed she quitted Liverpool and returned to Carlisle, where by-and-by the wound ulcerated; and she was again admitted to the infirmary. Again an amputation-this time, the arm off by the shoulder-blade. The poor wretch was still unsatisfied. After being a little time at home; the presented herself with the wound in a bad way; at the same time producing two pieces of bone as having come away, but which the doctor saw were only two pieces of bone that had been taken from a leg of mutton. To prevent 'any fresh manceuvre, she was placed in a bed with her remaining arm tied to her side, and in three weeks the shoulder was perfectly healed. Now about to be discharged, she fell upon a new device. Her left eye appeared to be badly swollen, and on inspection it was found that she had picked a piece of lime plaster from the wall, and placed it under the eyelid I Dismissed from the infirmary, she afterwards affected a new malady, but was looked upon with suspicion, and died without admitting her deceptions to any one. The girl who perpe trated these oddities is not spoken of as having been insane, and the medical man who relates the case says that her motives for self-torture are not divined. The only rational conjecture is, that she derived a pleasure ia successully playing off these didiuou1rldaks e her ededtgadlai kuals-&td;, 