EUBOPE EXPECTANT. (Broad Arroto.) — Tno military mancBurrea-oii- tae <Jon« j , 5 O; tinent have once more fixed attention on the stupendous preparations for war by! ■winch the period is distinguished beyond ell others *in-historical memory. _ Disguise j the fact as we muy under tbe high sound ^Tlniing terms used to express purely defensive . - * measures of preparation, it is Btill a fact that Europe is being transformed into one vast camp, and that, in round numbers, '■ some six millions of the best manhood of m ..the leading Powers of Europe are with-* drawn from productive industry to prepare •* - for some unforseen and deadly contingency. -'v*; The question is where and whence this con tingency may arise, and it is only when we ...try to answer this question that the real . * difficulty of the problem presents itself, j It is next to impossible to focus the scat .tered intelligence" on this subject, which makes everywhere one universal twilight of ■ mistrust, and at no single point bums _ with sufficient clearness to indicate imme .0 diate danger. In onr search for a path ont •of this labyrinth, we seem to wander in the i half-green light of a tropical forest, where ,£7!.'jj0 object is distinctly seen, and the stems : ' .and the lianas of the primeval forest, "" " twined in fantastic forms, assume the most , portentous shapes. At one moment a die V* ; 5 tant sound is heard, which has the same -. : effect on weak nerves as a sudden thnnder \- crash, and the next instant a stealthy movement in the bush close at hand, makes . the hair of the timid stand on end. Those who have been longest accustomed to this j political twilight feel no better assurance I than tbe merest novice in its by-paths. Men who are familiar at the embassies can tell no more than the manipulator of neuter's telegrams or the speculative writer of a leading article in his dingy garret. Baron von Molrowscratch shrugs his shoulders when _you ask him what he thwifcw of tbe state of Europe, and if you persist, only wanders away into common ^ places, and thinks it all very sad. France cannot fight; Germany does not want to light: Austria Till not more in her hne strategic position until she is absolutely compelled; Italy has enough to do to hold her own; and Buasia has more to gain by watching events than by precipitating them. Something like this iB the sum of all that can be said on the subject by those who ought to be the best informed, and it is precisely because this is the case, while , notwithstanding all the Powers stand ' ready armed against some common and ill understood danger, that the situation u dangerous. In the meanwhile it is eer _ _ -tain th.re is a smouldering centre of dis G "turbance in France, though the fire has sot "yet broken into flame, and that Ger many is ready, though she is not desirous ink to renew the conflict. Englishmen and -■ other calm observers who hare mixed much in German society will tell you that war ti?j ; _ -J« the one perseyering study of men who, all the time, have only peaceful tendencies. The universality of the conscription, and the certainty of being found in the ranks at some time or \- other, has *hi« for its necessary consequence _w- ... . .in the cue of a people who, when they hare ] to do anything, be it what it may, apply all .their energies to the doing of it well and •- thoroughly. The young soldier with a commission in the reserve may be a clerk in a merchant's or banker's office; but knovr ii: * * ing that he must one day .perve with the colours, he applies himself with as much diligence to learning the art of war as if it i were the means by which he meant to live \- and to acquire distinction. There is not a day that he does not learn something new, not a week or a month that be would not Ji" ' show his marked progress. It is possible r- he may stand in the ranks in the honr of i danger, and therefore, being a German, and ■" not ■" "English Volunteer, or a French sous officier, he will prepare for bis part aa if. he were a bom soldier. The result is that a t - German, with all his modesty, speaks of Mb '. readiness to renew the struggle, without boasting, hut without excitement or fear. . Come the hour when it may, it will find him ; ready, and he will lay down the pen and ' ■' take up the musket with as much sangfroid °L ' ' as he would join his companions over a j social glass and a pipe in the evening. War ' . - has become a part of his business, and the study of war is pursued in a business-like wiftTinftr by the most boaisess^lUce of mail* land. This attitnde of the great German nation must be considered as a real danger . for Europe, when we _find how it irritates jjTance. As Jfrotessor iUdgar yainet pointed " out after Sadowa, Fianee is constantly :" ~ menanced by a nation in aims, and a nation whose soldiers follow tbeir schoolmasters, headed by Goethe and Schiller. Already the passive has changed into the active form of warfare, as between Protestantism and Soman Catholicism; and at the present , instant, owing to the policy of Prince Bia \- marck, there are six bishops in prison, and large masses of the population cursing be-> tween their teeth the very name of Protest antism. An impartial visitor, who should have stood at once in three such towns as Coblentz, Dusseldorf, and Cologne on the " ' 4th inat., would have been strangely im . pressed by the spectacle of this antagonism, as Bhown by the wild enthusiasm of the Protestant popnlation on the anniversary of i !■* :• their great victory, and the sullen silence of the Soman Catholics. This feeling is un doubtedly a source of danger when added to the international causes of strife between Germany and Prance, as it encourages the hope of alliances which would never have lsi.", been thought of if the conflict with the w - - Papacy had n0(; been precipitated by the _ policy of Prince Bismarck. Latterly, the tj, ■ situation of Spain has been thought likely \- * to precipitate the moment of danger, and it ^ ia there, in fact, that the struggle is actually c T . "in progress between modern ideas and the antiquated claims of absolutist pretenders to the divine right of government. Bnt Spun ceases to be a source of immediate danger to the peace of Europe at the instant when Germany ceases to be aggres Eire, and it is difficult to believe that any thing beyond & gentle bint is meant by the y_ r., presence of German gunboats on the coast of Spain. It is not to be supposed that Germany is willing at the present moment ~ to challenge the naval power of Prance; in . a quarrel, too, which would unite the ' Soman Catholic States in a general league \- -against the ascendancy of Protestantism in Central Europe. In this direction there are .signs that the Bismarckian policy has T . failed in its aim, and if this suspicion he well-founded, the virtual recognition of r---- Don Carlos by the Emperor of Bustia has ' served, perhaps, as the provocative cause of the overtures made by the Cabinet of j Berlin to the King of Denmark. Nothing can .be more dangerous, all things con aidered, than this perpetual game of politi " " cal "beggar my neighbour"; for the ex citement increases as it proceeds, and the last trump card may cause the players to .p.cvflf at each other's throats. It cannot be rvvr expected, for example, that Bussia would ever consent to see the key of the Baltic i-:—-handed over to the restored Empire of Germany, any more than she would allow. — Austria to picket .the road to Constanti -Miople. {Spectator.) 1L Wis cannot think that Germany is wise U . - in, attempmg to alarm Europe on many wo .sides. "When Europe hears that the screw t&so;^is'- being applied not merely to terrify Jesuits and Bomanist bishops in France and. Prussia, but to make a helpless and j^^ProtMtant Power like Denmark painfully j.J. conaciooa of her impotence, and when is so startled by the growth of Ger ~ man power that she actually encourages the .. flaima of. a pretender who wonld strengthen the continental influence of a powerful and dreaded rival to the accommodating Church of Bnasia, the whole West of Europe not .unnaturally grows uneasy, and begins to 'think that the cry against the Pope baa been something of a pretence for combina (■__ tions, the ultimate end of which will be to • i^plaoe the Continent at the feet of Germany, ^ andof the hard kernel of Germany— j^Prusitia. And the anxiety felt is reason ' able. The treatment of Denmark is almost a test-case of the real attitude of the new t^"EmpTre. "Wo one can pretend that Den j- mtHm to be feared.- No one can pretend that ahe is the creative of a stronger Power than herself. Bnt it i3 apparently no part of Prince Bismarck's statesmanship to ap pease in +h'» way the anxieties of Europe. Schleswig is the bait by which he hopes ap parently'to get all Denmark into his trap. Indeed, probably he cannot understand bow a small State, so insignificant in power while she stand alone, and which might be , come so efficient as the naval arm of.Ger *'< ■ many, can be so dog-in-tbe-mangerish as **"~ to refee her navy to Germany, when she cannot really have the advantage, of it for herself. - But what Prince Bismarck does not understand, most of the other Powers of Europe, small and great, probably do un \- derstau perfectly. And they know that political chains ; that ho task toaster is more oppressive than.one who is^both" intelligent and domineering—that that which Frederick the Great was to his officers, Germany is fast becoming to her large political family, and wonld gladly be to all Europe, if En rope would bat acquiesce in her martinetish tutorial rule. It is no wonder that the screw put upon Denmark alarms Europe. .It is in a doable sense a crucial instance of . the significance of German ascendency under her present statesmen. The cross on Denmark is a sign-post to Europe. ' (Graphic.) ; Mighty Germany still feels a little rest less at the mute reproach of her humble neighbour. That inconvenient fifth Arti cle of the Treaty of Prague still comes at times "a ghost to trouble joy." Circum stances, it is true, have gTeatly changed: possibly from the first there was some mental reservation as to the exact execu tion of its conditions; it may even be plansibly nrged that Danish claims still go too far, and that there is no ready method of deciding, to the satisfaction of both, where Denmark shall.end and Germany begin. Yet these at best are scanty rea sons for withholding all, or fbr applying the strictest letter of the law, where generous conciliation would be the nobler. part. What wonder then if speculation takes wild flights? Possibly, there is not a word of trnth in the story of an Austrian journal that the last offer of compromise was to take Denmark bodily into the Empire. Certainly, to. so vast an appetite, one Kinglet the more wonld hardly be too large a morsel. And Germany, already proud of her young navy, might welcome a scheme which wonld nearly donble her marine at a Btroke, and make the Baltic a German lake, .... Yet Europe can hardly be at rest so long as it is even believed that such a policy can be perpetrated, and Germany might read her neighbours.a use ful lesson by doing an act of justice to Denmark, even though her own children grnmbled a little at the sacrifice. Fait ce que tu doit is after all the wisest part for nations no less than individuals. (Arift Birmingham Gazette.} Dart and threatening' clouds appear to overhang the Continent. A statesman of Lord Granville's calibre would probably at the present moment say, as the noble earl onee said on the eve of a tremendous con flict, that there is "not a speck as big as a man's hand" to be seen on the political horizon of Europe. We have no desire to alarm, and we have little ambition to pro phecy, bnt we cannot overlook events, and circumstances, and situations, which give reason for the gravest apprehensions. In his capacity as Foreign Secretary, Lord Granville assured Parliament a few days before France declared war against Prussia that the attitude of foreign Powers towards each other was perfectly peacefuL "We do not believe that Lord Derby would speak in such confident and sanguine terms at the present timp That Holland is doomed to become part of the German-Empire we have little donbt; because the Dutch, be sides being near neighbours, are by race and language closely allied to the German nation. Holland^ with all her rich colonies, is a prize which any empire may covet. Germany, when she annexes Holland, will not only have fertile colonies in distant parts of the globe, bnt she will have fine fleets which will secure for her the position of a great maritime Power. In all proba bility, the coming straggle in Europe will arise from the jealousy of rival Powers when Germany takes the next step for aggran dizement of her new Empire. 