ujuuvbsb PIUS IX. To-day is the anniversary of the acces sion of the common father of Christen dom, and the incense of thanksgiving will ascend to heaven from two hundred and fifty millions of Catholic hearts. Pius IX. has now completed the twenty- eighth and entered upon the twenty- ninth year of his Pontificate. For a long time there prevailed a popular tradition that no Pope should see the years of Peter, but Pius IX. has not only seen the years of Peter, but has actually surpassed them. Deo gratias ! In thus prolonging the life of our dear, venerable, and saintly Pontiff beyond the expectations equally of friends and foes, Divine Providence has doubtless had in view the necessities of our times, and we may reasonably look upon it as an indication of the approaching triumph of the Church, after witnessing which the venerable Pontiff may ex claim, in the words of the Prophet Simeon — " Nunc climittis servum tuum. Domino , secundum verbum tuum in pace : Quod viderunt oculi mei, sala tare tuum , quod parasti ante faciem 33 t_t1 (J/fv/OvlvnO JJUjJlvLUi will AJLLdu LlifcJ IlUlJ Father may be spared to witness the discomfiture of his enemies and the triumph of the noble cause for which he has so long and so patiently suffered is at the same time the general belief and fervent hope of the Catholic world. That Pius IX. has lived so long is cer tainly not the fault of his enemies, for not content with despoiling him of his ppssessions, and outraging him by re peated acts of sacrilege, they bestow upon him, as far as it lies in their power to do so, all manner of bodily ailments. Gout, paralysis, rheumatism, and fevers have been heaped upon him one alter .the other, so that our Holy . Father might not inappropriately ex claim in the words of S. Paul, " I die daily j" it would only be necessary to add the words "in Reuter's telegrams." If the expectations of his enemies could kill him, Pius IX. would certainly have given up the ghost long ago j but he still lives. He has no intention of dying to their order. At the same time the weakest and the strongest monarch in Christendom — the weakest in physi cal resources, the strongest in moral influence — no potentate exercises more absolute dominion, yet no subjects of the most democratic State enjoy so much freedom. He rules the world, not with needleguns or ironclad ships, but with a silken cord he binds all the nations of the earth in one, and draws them into his embrace. Vivat Pius IX. 