A WOMAN'S HATE. (Continued.) 'Don't say that Stepbon 1' she snid, placing her thin, white hand upon his arm,' and. looking affectionately at his ? beaming face ; 'Mr Bencroft will think you are in earnest ! He does not know you yet ! Ahl yon aro right !'» H she added tracing out Harry's features ?' with the forefinger of the other hand, at H a few inches distance from bis face ; H 'you are right, Stephen ! There is the H pure Bencroft blood, indeed ! I should ^m have known him anywhere — he is so H like bis father!'' H The entrance of supper interrupted H her, and the host, having hastily intro H duced Harry to ' MissPreston,' who had H remained irigidly standing ever since H Le came in, invited bin to set down to ? table. ' ' ; . H ' I'll draw the curtains now,' said H Mrs Preston ; ' we loft them open ? to light yon up from the gate, Air I Bencroft !' H' ' And a very pleasant reception it Hf . was !' repicd Harry ; ' it seemed as ? ? if the whole house were-smiling at me !' ? ' That's just like her !'said Stephen ; B ' she is always doing such comfortable I . things that nobody else would think of! m ? Do you like game ? That's well! Dp I you shoot.?' ? ?.?;?'??? ft ': ' . . ' 'No,' said'.IIarry ; ' I was never in I, - the country before ;' at least, '. no more & than a few miles from London; and' I then I had no friends to teach me* how I to handle a gun. A young man, living, I bo much alone as I have, would hardly. ? lake to any sport of that kind of his own I accord, especially after hearing the re ? marks passed upon unlucky Cockney; I sportsmen, by the drivers of A short I stages out of town, and the knowing I men who ride on the box -, seat. -..; 1; ? have heard enough to frighten me out; I of incurring their criticisms, I assure I yon!' . ? ???,?'?- ??/:/:':i. ''?;-! I \ 'If you like to £0 out with: me to I morrow, the,n, I'll give yon your first I . -lesson,'' said his ho9t; 'and if .you'll I put yourself under my training, you I : Bhallbe able to march past all the I ?;.. coachmen. i^^^^fefeSakJiPUt ^^bOBift j I - ' laughed at!' ' . I ''Thank you — thank you!', replied' I Hary ; ' I shall be delighted to become I your pupil!' I . During this brief conversation, Mrs I' ' Preston had drawn the curtains over I the wide window. If any one had been I . ? observing her closely, she might have I been seen to start or crouch near ihe. L ' window, while her pale face became I suddenly .flushed. .. Then she bent fpr i wards and examined the fastenings— I which action brought her face close to the glass ; but instead of loooking at I the bolfc, she was gazing intently out I into the night. She cast one hasty glance back towards-her daughter, and, seeing her still busy with her crochet woik, ehe made a sign with her band towards the garden, as though indicat ing that spot to some one without, and, then, drawing the curtains, she re- ! tnrned, and took her seat at the supper . table. ' I hope you will forgive my presump tion in sitting down to table with you; ?.: sir !' she said, addressing the visitor ; ' I wished not, but Mr Hunter insists 1 upon it !' ] ' Will you do me a favour, ma'am ?' ' demanded Harry, laying his hand kindly upon hers, and looking in her face with his frank and pleasant smile. ' 'How could I refuse anything to such ' a look as that ?' said the old lady, pas sing her fingers caressingly through his ! dark-brown hair. ? , ' This is it then. 'Will you please to ' forget that I am a Bencroft, excepting ' ' in so far as you have ever loved and ,j fondled any of the race ! I was brought up on charity, anil am now only a poor } clerk without wealth or station, earning c my bread by daily toil : so what have t I to do with long pedigrees or high 6 descent? Will you promise to call me * Harry?'' I 'Oh, no! I could not do such a a thing, sir!' cried the housekeeper, ° shrinking within herself at the mere ' thought of such profane familiarity. 'Let her alonp, Hal '.'' said Stephen, s with a merry wink; 'let her alone, and I'll answer for it she'll come all right J j- presently ! You'll be her ' dear Harry' * ' before to-morrow night !' 1 'Indeed, Stephen, you are mis- 8 taken 1' said Mrs Preston; 'you do 0 not know the deep respect that I feel' t for his family !' . t '. Well, then, lot his family rest in li peace J He is all that remains of it — j for I believe you won't allow me t reckon myself as even the smallest twi, on his genealogical tree S'1 ' Why, you know, Stephen !'' bega the matron, in a tone of expostulation. 'Of course I do !' said he, interrnpl ing her ; ' I know that yon are the bes good creature that ever lived, and tbti I teaze you shamefully, and worry you life out. But now I'm going to stor. just to let you eat your supper in peace Are you not going to sup, Honoria ?''- 'No, I thank you!1' replied ,th cvochet- worker, to whom this qnestip was addressed ; ' I shall have a cup c water and a crust before I go to -bed but I will sit at the table if you wisi it!'' ? ? ' ??' No, no — that would bo too bad 1 said the farmer, '|it must be unpleasan enough to fast, but to see others eatinj while you are hungry is dreadful aggra vating of tho punishment !' . 'There is a pleasure in . ovorcominj the flesh!' said' Honoria,. looking severely sanctified. 'That's very true, when it's the flesl of partridges and pheasants !'' sail Stephen Hunter, half aloud, as; b helped himself to some game ; ... ,' bu your way would not agree with my :con stitntion !' . ' ?{''' 'She .will do herself an injuVy, I.'au certain .''?.sanl^Mrs.Preston, with he, eyes.ful) of tear's. '?,: ? ' .'?'; ''Not a 'bit of.it .''. replied Stophen in.a confident whispei: ;-, ,'' Bhe . eals or the sly, I am convinced ! And now tel us all about your journey, Hal,' he con tinued,, '.did you find your road easily ?'? .''.-.' Oli, yes1! ;I only missed, it once, anc then Ifwas quickiy set right again.' , ? ' -Ay. ? Anil where 'was that!' _ ' '/On a hill about six miles off^wher( there-is, a'rsriiall, cottage: beside aclutnr. ?of fir- trees. Do you know it ?' ?/'Very well-! and which road did yo.ii take then ,?''. r. V... ?. ;;?'? y . '?..' « I crossed a small ;river,_whcre then is a broken- bridge.' , v .;:... v i .: ' Did you see' the ghost.,?'' 'askec Stephen, witb^agay laugh, while an ex pression of. acute ?.mental buffering ua^Rsed^Mrs iPces'on's ^features, ,J.anc ^o^no^a^ffire wan- eager glance 'Tpwafd Harry Bencroft. ? '.. ; ; ' . ; ' Is. there a ghost there ?' inqnired Harry ; ' that accounts . for the people at the cottaga advising me not to gc that way ! What sort of ghost is it ?' ' .Why you must kno\y that there is a convent a few miles off,'' said, .the farmer; 'and some twenty years since a naughty nun who lived in it had a baby that of course she had no right .' to have ; and she ran away from the con vent, and drowned herself and her child in the deep water under the' bridge. That, I believe, is the plain truth of the matter ;. though the country folks have, as usual, fifty wild legends in : addition. One is, that she had no -intention of drowning herself, but .only ; wanted to escape to some friends, ' and that the Wicked One himself loosened the planks of the bridge, so that they gave way beneath her^ and; she fell into the water !*' ' But such actions are not usually attributed even' to the devil himself, without giving him creditfor a sufficient motive !' said Harry. ' What 'could induce him to cause the death of this poor nun ?' 'If she died in sin, without absolu tion, her soul became his property !'' re plied Stephen. 'That was motive enough — was it not ?', ' And do people really believe such absurdities ?' ? 'Of course . they do !'' exclaimed Stephen. ' Besides, the. evidence was .mcommonly strong — for there was an sye-witness to the Old Gentleman's transaction. A drunken hawker, who vas lying under a hedge sleeping off the sffects of the night's carouse, was iwakened by a noise of sawing, and he law the old fellow dressed in black, hard it work on the bridge, Suddenly he lissappeared, and then the hawker saw mother figure approach as if to cross iVer — and then he heard a scream and a leavy splash in the water ; and when ound in the morning, he was quite in ensible 1' ' What a ridiculous story !'' said larry laughing. ' Had his Satanic Jajesty got his usual equipmentof hoofs, iornP, and tail ?' J' No; our veracious witness did not ce them — and that is the most scandal ms part of tho vision ; for the_ dissipc ed scoundrel persisted in saying that he Father of Evil was dressed exactly ike a clergyman ! The poor fellow -roved his own faith in what he said, 0 however, by dying a few days after, of g 'delirium trcmens, brought on by the fright!' ' ??'?-.'? i n '.'?'' That .proved his good faith, cer '. tainly !'' said Harry ; 'but how. was ;- his evidence received at the inquest ?' it ,., .'There was no ., inquest, for no bodies it were found. In fact,_. the whole tale ,r rested upon this poor drunkard's ravings; ), coupled with some vague tumours about i! a nun having tried to get cut of tho con . vent ! But this was quite sufficient to set e the inventive faculties of our country n gossips at work ; and it is now a received if article of belief, that the restless spirit of ; tho nun waits every night at the ford, h trying to get ovor ; and if any belated traveller ventures, there after nightfall, ' ho is sure to see her, in 'her nun's black ,t robes, waiting by the broken bridge !' g1 'And woe be to him, if ' he brings. \- her over !' said Miss ;, Preston, in a solemn tone, while her mother's eye's ?r gleamed wildly from her to Harry, and r back again to her. ;4' ?'?' '?'. '' Why, I^ohoria, you ' tnako one's li flesh creep with yo.nr.jstartling anathe 1 mas !' exclaimed Stephen; Hunter, prer e tending.to shiver.; '«:that is a: new addi t tion to the story!?' ??:'.:,: ' \- /' But'quite astrne as the rest !'- sho I 'answered.'-'! ? .:. :-;;' v '?{??.-' l -Harry felt, he knew -not wherefore, r that tbjs 'she Jesnit--^as he mantally / styleil her.r-entertained some suspicious .respecting his adventure with the young lady, -whom he began to think might bo a runaway nun ; and his. interest in her not being at all lessened on that aoT/ count, be endeavoured all the more to conceal every sigh of emotion. To liim assist in doing this, he feigned to pay no attention to what was 'passing, and fixed his byes upon tho picture that .hung, opposite., -..This;;r was not the best; way to ;? presrve^his snlfpos session. It. was a. portrait of a lady in the dress of twenty '^years' back. It was a sweet, bright facej';with clustering chesnnthair fallen on the round, white neck and shoulders.; J The 'lady of the .ford,.li ad.' .no 'hair visible,'' but-in every other' respect,' sho bore a)perfeot .resem Iblance to' the piofcure^tpi^which he \in jwittingly ''tttfiiod'': hisieyes, in ;6rder to keep up an appearance of indifference. It was with ^some effort that' ho checked an exclamation of surprise— -but he .succeeded ; and then asked '.his cousin, in a careless tone, if he had over en countered the ghost. ..-? ...?; ? . ; 'Not I, indeed .'' he replied ; 'though I have been there, : at all hours .-of.'tbo. night almost V Bye-ther bye Hal, at what. time do you 'usually rise in the morning ? Because, you know,, . ?-',.. :.' .'?'.!' . ;.?'' , Early to bod nnd early to rise, ?'.'?'? Makes a man healthy, 'wealthy,' and wise. I always go to. bed early and get up early ; and I ani healthy, as you may see with half an eye ; I am; wealthy^ — for I have enough ; and I' 'suppose I may call myself wise for being contented with my lot !' s : ., . 'I can get up at any time ['.replied Harry ; ' but you^.must call me— for the fatigue, the fresh air, and the- quiet will make me sleep like a top I' . ' ' I'll call you, and we'll go and look after the partridges before breakfast : you shall learn how to carry your gun, if nothing more !»' Harry was standing by the fire, chatting with his cousin, while Mrs Preston lighted the chamber-candle.^ when, on taking his watch from his waistcoat pocket, he encountered an object which was strange to him. He drew it out, and found that it was nn antique seal ring. . Instantly it flashed, across his mind that the lady of the ford must either have dropped it by accident, or put it there intentionally. He returned it quietly to his pocket, but not before it had caught tho sharp eyes of Honoria Preston. * It was strange how that still, calm woman, with her look of inward, de votion, seeming abstracted from tho outer world, while her rapid fingers hooked up the threads with a slender hook, at the same time hooked in, by a mental process, everything that passed around her. Nothing escaped hor, and yet, unobtrusive as her observation was, Harry was painfully concious of it. ' Good night, Mr Bencroff , and may God bless you !' said the old lady, as Harry shook hands with her, on par ting for the night. ' I'll make you call me Harry before long !'* he replied, with a saucy laugh. He fe't bound to repeat the ceremony of hand-shaking with Honoria, though held back by an unaccountable, repulsion. Vhen her thin, cold hand was placed . t in his, he felt some surprise at receiv ing from it a fervent though not a warn pressure. It was a mechanical ,actior of tho muscles, not the kindly clasp o'l a friendly. heat. There was an. artifi cial w,armth,' too,; in her ' Good night,? and also in the ' wreathed smile' thai accompanied it, which, added to, the ' dislike ho had conceived towards : the woman, made him shudder. Yet tc shudder at a :lady seemed shockingly ungallantin the knight- errarit he had fanced himself a couple of hours before ; so he attributed tho shudder to tho un pleasant odour of patchouli that, she shook from her garments. He certainly did not relish this- questionable perfume any the more from its being thencefor ward intimately associated with hbr;' ? ? His'cousin showed to his bed room, and wished him good night, ' promising to call him in the; morningV When left alono, the young man toolc' a survey of his comfortable apartment. A wood fire blazed on the hearth, and cast strong lights and shadows upon the heavy : merino draperies of the large four-pos bedstead, and the long array of massive presses and ? chests of drawers that stood along the walls. If seemed the very placo for' a ghost of comfortable habits, to walk about in ; but Harry was too tiro-land sleepy, to think about such. things at ^present. He exclaimed the mysterious ring again, it is true, and placed it. nridcr the, pincushion on bis dressing-table, and. then with all speed he undressed and tumbled into bed.;; ? . ? ; ?;? '?'.'. . .,. , Scarcely was his head imbedded in the down pillow, when, his eyelids closed and he was; dreaming .vaguely of riding over immense plains and up precipitous mountains, with the beautiful young nun clasped in his arms. lie had been dreaming in' this way pleasantly enough, when suddenly the iniage of Honoria stood before, him.' and ho could get rid of her. 'Turn which way he would, there she was, until the impres sion became so strong that he awoko. The canse* of bis dream was clear enough then, from the smell of: patchouli that pervaded tbo room. The , fire . had burnt low and cast only a dim light so far as the bed ; but it was sufficient, as he cautiously raised his head,.- to reveal the figure of nonoria, actively but noiselessly engaged in rummaging his clothes, that lay on a chair by tho bed's head. Please .1 to think that, by putt ing the ring out of sight, to avoid Stephen's questions if he should come in in the morning, be had, baulked^ her curiosity, he let his head fall back oh the pillow, and he was almost asleep again when, having made a vain search in every place but the right one, she crept gently ouf^ of the room. , The following morning, when Harry returned with his host from an early ramble- over hill and dale, Honoria's manner was even more gracious than it had been tho night before. But some how, the more she endeavoured to render herself charming,; the more mis trustful did he become of her disinter estedness and candour. After break fast he took a stroll'round the garden, and came suddenly upon her, as she stood concealed from the house by a laurel hedge, with an open letter in her ; hand, sobbing bitterly, and rubbing her eyes with, her handkerchief. .. He mut tered a hasty apology, and drew back, but she called to him toremain/ , ' Do. not go away on my account, Mr Bencroft !'''she said; ' the subject of my grief will too soon b'e made public, [fear, forme to wish to conceal it from pou !'; ?'??-._. 'I. assure yon, Miss ? Preston,'1 re-' jlied Harry very gravely. ' I have no lesire to intrude upon your sorrow !' ' But perhaps you may be able to issist in removing it !' she said ; ' I rill* tell you the circumstances — there ian eno harm done by , that, as you, leing a stranger, will not guess at tho iame,of the family concerned !'' Harry bowed acquiescence. ' I will hear what she has to say,' he aid to himself ; ' It will show me at east what game they are playing !* ' Last evening,' continued Miss 'reston, ' the daughter of a dear good riend or mine left her home, under ths aost painful circumstances, and all tho fforts of her distracted father and amily have been unavailing in tracing er. Tho unfortunate creature, though ery beautiful, is quite insane, and with lie canning so often displayed by mad eople, she had dressed herself in tbe ostume of a nnn, as it is supposed to ake advantage of the popular legend \- that Mr Hunter related to you last \- night — and so prevent the country i proplo from recognising and' detaining f her. Oh, think, Mr Bencroft— think \- what her father's agony must be, at tho ' idea of his poor lost child dying of starva t tion in some, hole among.tho hills,; ;or ) drowning herself in the rivqr ! He has \- been traversing tho -country— almost ? ) mad himself— all the night long'— here ' her handkerchief was again applied to I her eyes, and her voice was broken by : sobs— :'-f and he can find no traces of ? her! Oh if you saw the poor insane \- creature, have pity on her poor 'distracted ' father, andtoll us where she wont!',. s ?' This is iudced most afflicting !'' ? explained Harry, walking up and down, withevery appearance of emotion;; ' I ; wish I had followed her, and yet how ' could I imagine she was insane ?'? ? 'You did soo her, then ?'' cried Honoria. ' .'?.... ? ? Harry looked round suddenly, andthe cat-like alacrity of the glance which he encountered from her dry grey eyes quite startled him. It betrayed in a moment how keen and vindictive was the pursuit after tho beautiful fugitive. ' I have no doubt I saw the person you are seeking,' said he. ' She was 'dressed in black — or at least in very dark clothes — and was walking across the heath, in a westerly direction. I wish I had followed her— but there was nothing in her manner that betrayed insanity ?'' , . ' (To he Continued) '?' 