The Fiscal Policy of Victoria. THE colony of Victoria is still obliging enough to constitute itself the beacon light which warns the other colonies against approaching the iron-bound and dangerous coast of ignorant and wrong-headed statesmanship. Or, perhaps, it would be more correct to liken the Government in Melbourne to the " shocking example" so often referred to in teetotal lec tures and moral discourses generally. It stands before us the personification of perverse ignor ance and arrogant infatuation. The Ministry of that colony is composed almost exclusively of free-traders. The Chief Secretary, the Trea surer, the Solicitor-General, the Minister of Education, the Minister of Railways, and the Minister of Public Works, all belong to that party, and yet the financial scheme for 1874-5, is a confirmation and a continuation of the pro tectionist policy of the last nine or ten years. Mr. Service, the new Treasurer and one of the lead ing merchants in Melbourne, deliberately takes five and twenty articles out of the ten per cent, list and adds them to the twenty, in the professed interests of native in dustry! There was never a finer op portunity for the Government and Legislature of Victoria to retrace their steps. Thanks to protective duties which do not protect, inas much as they do not exclude imports, but simply make them much dearer—the revenue of that colony has reached the prodigious Bum of four millions and a hall The miners, the farmers, and the squatters are averse to a sys tem of taxation which fleeces them for the nomi nal advantage of the urban populations engaged in manufactures ; and the occasion is favorable for a revision of the whole fiscal policy of the country. The time has arrived when direct taxation might be advantageously i-esorted to, when industry might be relieved of some of its burdens, and when the expenditure of the colony might be reduced within reasonable limits. But what do these renegade free traders do ? They propone to keep up that ex penditure on the same prodigal scale as hereto fore ; to adhere to the antediluvian principles of protection, and to fly in the face of every sound rule of political economy, and of the experience and the enlightened example of the mother country. _ What is the explanation of conduct so irra tional and extraordinary? How is it that a politician like the Treasurer of Victoria, a clear headed and a far-sighted man, who, in 1858, declared in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, that "it was too late in the world's history to discuss the advisability of protective duties," should now be found increasing their amount ? The answer is not far to seek. During the whole of the angry struggle between the free traders and protectionists of the southern colony, which lasted from 1865 to 1868, and in which two free-traders—Messrs. M'Culloch and Higin botham—led the party of retrogression ; the battle on behalf of liberty of commerce was fought mainly by the merchants and importers of Melbourne. For once self-interest and enlightened principles of fiscal science appeared to go together. Large sums of money were subscribed by what the protectionists used to call the " shoddy aristocracy," and these were disbursed in the support of a free-trade organ, the Spectator, edited by Mr. E. Langton, the late Treasurer, and in the publication of political tracts and pamphlets. Had the amount been expended in buying ten er twenty votes in the Assembly, as might have been easily done, before the passions of the public were fairly roused, Victoria might still have been living under a free trade regime. As it was, however, a protection ist tarift was passed by the M'Culloch Adminis tration ; and most of the duties which it imposed were doubled by the succeeding Government, of which Mr. Dutfy, also a free-trader, was the Chief Secretary. But the operation of both tariffs has com pletely falsified the anticipations of their mercantile opponents. Imports have not under gone their expected curtailment. They come in a* freely aa ever. Their cost to the consumer has been raised from 20 to SO per cent., and the purblind protectionists actually point to the increased Customs' revenue as a proof of the wisdom of their policy ; while it is a notorious fact that, simultaneously with the rise which has taken place in the prices of most of the neces saries of life, the wages of factory hands have fallen, that pauperism is largely on the increase, and that the tendency of the present state of things in Victoria is "To make the rich richer and the poor poorer," just as a similar condition of affairs has done in the United States. But what about the merchants and importers •—the men who were so strenuous and energetic in their resistance of protection eight or nine years ago ? Have they become converts to the opinions of their former opponents ? Not exactly. But they acquiesce in the continuance of protection, because they find that, so far from its injuring them, it has given them a monopoly of the import trade. The "why" and the "how" are correctly explained by a correspon dent of the Arjut, who writes :— A few years ago, when trade was free and people were not compelled by law to wear colonial boots, and when larrikins were unheard of, there existed in Melbourne a comparatively large number at small importers; that is to say, men who could and did import to the amount of perhaps from £500 to £2000 per annum. These small importers successfully competed with the larger mer chants, bat when 22 per cent duty was inflicted upon their importations, these smaller importer* had to suc cumb—they could not afford to pay to the Government, without any adequate return, 22 per cent before they could get their goods into their possession. The oonaequence is, that the whole of the importing trade, or very nearly the whole, has fallen into the hands of the wealthy merchants. They having large capital at their command, can afford to pay any amount of duty levied, and give likewise long terms with their goods, so long as the profit derived is com mensurate with the transaction. Such being the case, I need hardly say that protection, combined with the infamous system of drawbacks, has tended to make the rich importer richer, and the poor trader poorer; so the import trade has now completely and effectively fallen into the hands of the large capitalist*, aud of course they desire to retain the monopoly of it; and a* pocket patriotism w the first law ot nature in this un fortunate land of protection, our once leading free traders have dwindled down from roaring lions to suck ing Umba. We have reason to know that this is strictly accurate in every particular. Under protection, and the monopoly it secures to the large im porter, a dozen warehouses of palatial magnitude and costliness have been erected in Flinders Lane—the Cannon-street of Melbourne. Some thousands of girls have been drawn away from household work and domestic service to work at' sewing machines in the upper stories of these structures ; and although the earnings of these people are small, their evenings and their Sun* days are their own. They can indulge in tawdry finery, attend cheap concerts, and ape the gen tility of the classes just above them. As a natural consequence, the streets of Melbourne and its suburbs swarm with what are euphuisti cally called " unfortunate women," the funds of the lying-in hospital are taxed to the utmost by the demands made upon them, and a leading article in the Daily Telegraph commences with the words "The infanticide season has set in !" Verily this is a high price to pay for the blessings of Protection ! Mb. Vogel has been burned in effigy by the iiwabitrnts of Auckland for having successfully carried a bill uniting the provinces of the Northern laland and making Wellington the capital city. Major Ropata, the Queen's Ngatiopouor, has been on a visit to Melbourne, and writes to the journal published in the Maori language in New Zealand many letters concerning the Pakehaand his peculiarities. In one of these he says :—" I accompanied the Governor to a Government music hall (Town Hall, containing a large organ), and also to a building for the ex hibition of arts. In this latter building there are some shocking things—images. Really, the pakehas are a most extraordinary people ! They are shocked if a button fall from a man's shirt collar, and exclaim —' Mind ! mind the button of your shirt.' It has fallen off! The ladies will see your throat!' And yet they manufacture naked images of stone, and exhibit them to tra vellers ! Who can comprehend the mystery of their ways ?" The strength of the ruling passion, especially when it happens to be the animus furandi, was very curiously exemplified a short time ago (says "Atticus"). A man who had just been discharged from Pentridge called at a certain bank in Collins- street, and laid claim to a large sum of money which had been standing to his credit for fifteen yean. His signature was quite right, his statement as to the date of the deposit was correct, and the only thing remaining was his identification, for which an appointment was made for the following morning. The next day the ex-convict would have been the possessor of several thousand pounds. But he could not keep out of mischief ; that very night the ex convict took part in a burglary, was arrested early the next morning, and was very soon sent back again to his old quarters. Meanwhile the bank still continues to retain several thousand pounds to which it has no claim whatever. In a township on the Murrumbidgee, Borne where between Booligal and Deniliquin, there is (says "iEgles" in the Australasian) a consider able stock and station agent—cotudder&blein; every way. I suppose he had been making good sales lately, and being naturally genial he celebrated bis success by entertaining a large party of bucolic friends with the choicest vintages. In the full flow of enjoyment he did not, however, forget the main chance. Taking aside an inno cent-looking young scion of a squatting firm he whispered, " Touching those rams I was speak ing to you about—l happen to have a sample of the fleece with me now." Producing an enve lope, he drew from it a fine silky specimen of wool, devoid of yolk and white as snow. " What do you think of that, my boy?" " What do I think f" said young Greenhorn. " I think it's a nice sample to come from a pet wether. You can't cram it into me as ram's wooL" A rather remarkable discovery has been made by a correspondent of the Wamamboal £xamintr, who writes :—" I was greatly sur prised as, in company with a friend, I was walking on the beach on that part of the coast line between Warrnambooland Belfast, known as Armstrong's Bay, to find hundreds of human bones lying about in all directions on the sand hummocks a short distance from the beach. The deposit of these bones was not confined to a small area, but extended along the coast for miles. A great number of them were lying on the surface, exposed to the wind, sun, and rain; others were partially imbedded, while hundreds of them could easily be unearthed by just merely kicking aside the loose and yield ing sand. There they were— the bones of strong and evidently large-framed men, the bones of women, and the bones of small and delicately-formed children —from the youth to the smallest' picaoniny.'" A mectino was held at Kirkby's Hotel, Ballan, on the 22nd instant, for the purpose of taking steps to present a testimonial to Mr. Densley, the hero of the tragical encounter with a bush ranger. The secretary Btated that there was over £60 in hand towards the testimonial. It was resolved to purchase a gold watch and chain of the value of £25, and a committee was ap pointed to prepare an address to be presented with it. It wad further resolved that Mr. Densley's conduct should be brought under the notice of the Government for substantial recog nition. It was also decided that Thompson should be recommended to the consideration of the Government, as he had actually shot the man, and had already suffered from the stigma cast upon him for alleged cowardice. Mr. Densley was then brought into the room, and received great applause, for which he thanked those present, asking them not to forget Thomp son.—Town and Country Journal. The Wandsworth correspondent of the Armi dale Express records the death of Wm. Macfar lane, who was found lying dead on the road leading from Wandsworth to Tenderden. It appears that the deceased held the situation of schoolmaster at Tenterden, and on Saturday morning left that place for the purpose of pur chasing a few things at Wandsworth. On his way home he was met by two persons, who spoke to him, and observed nothing unusual in his manner. Mr. Low, of Wandsworth, left Tenterden about sundown, and on entering the Teoterden sheep paddock was startled by bis horse shying. On looking round, he saw the body of deceased, bis head banging over bis arm, as if he had fallen backwards. There was no appearance of any struggle, and it was evident that his death must have been nearly instantaneous. He was buried at Ollera, the Rev. Thos. Jobnstone officiating. The deceased was brother to the late Hon. Dr. Macfarlane, M.L.C., and had been in the New England dis trict for seventeen years. He had complained of heart diwiw> for some time previous to his death. The honor and dignity of Legislative Coun cillor appear to be rather at a discount in Vic toria. Six vacancies hare recently occurred in the Upper Chamber of that colony, and in one instance only was there a contest. It looks as if the house was thought unsafe when would-be tenants are so scarce. An accident, attended with fatal results, oc- curred at the Mole Tableland, last week (says the Armidale Express of the 11th instant). It appears that some carriers were travelling to gether, when, as one of them was about to take a loaded gun from a dray, for the purpose of shooting a kangaroo, it accidentally exploded, inflicting such severe injuries that he died in a few minutes after. An inquest was held on the body by Mr. Kelle, when a verdict of accidental death was returned, after which the body was interred by the diggers. It is said that the deceased (whose name we have not learned) leaves a wife and family in Queensland. The Launceston Examiner of the 27th August announced that the pedestrian Bird would ap pear the following evening in a new line, as a comedian, at the Theatre Royal. The piece selected for the debUt was the "Rough Diamond," in which Bird would sustain the part of Cousin Joe. On the previous day Bird had successfully run a match against time. This is a tolerable instance of versatility, but not unexampled, as Mr. J. Gordon Bennett, the proprietor of the New York Times, and the patron of Abyssinian Stanley, pulled off a six-mile walking match lately, in America, against a well known pedes trian there. The following sad case is reported in the Mel bourne Argus: —George alia* James Smith, a youth of about 19, was brought up at the City Police Court on several charges of forgery and uttering. Evidence was given that, on the 13th ultimo, the prisoner went to Richard Little, tailor, Collins-street East, who knew his father, and obtained £7 9s. worth of clothing, paying for it with a cheque for £10, signed apparently by his father, Thomas Smith. He received the clothing and the change, but the cheque was found to be a forgery. The father gave evidence that the signature was not his. He was much affected while giving evidence against his son. On the 24th ultimo, the prisoner bought two pairs of boots from George Houston, Swanston street, for £2 10s., giving a cheque for £3, pur porting to be signed by Banks Brothers, Bell, and Co., and receiving the boots and the change. This cheque proved a forgery. He also obtained goods to the value of £2 10s. 6d. and 19s. 6d. | change from Meares aud Co., drapers, Bourke street, on a cheque for £3 10a., purporting to be signed by "James M'Ewan and Co. pro W. K. Thomson." He said he was in the employ of that firm. This cheque was a forgery also. The prisoner was committed for triaL The Ballaratians have acquired some credit for public spirit, and deservedly so. Their fame will, however, be considerably extended, if not increased, by the benevolence of a Mr. William Higgina, who has " gone the entire animal" in his devotion to science and the Ballarat Hospital. This worthy has made a will wherein he be queaths his body (after death) to the institution mentioned, to be operated on for scientific pur poses. It appears, however, that to dissect human bodies a license is necessary, and that this license costs £25. The hospital com mittee seem taken aback at Mr. Hig gins' generous and self-denying bequest, and instead of at once and for ever taking a tender interest in the person of that gentleman, and getting him photographed and described in the police register, for fear of anybody making away with him, they have cast about, how to avoid his kindness. In this they have been aided and abetted by Dr. Owen, the hospital surgeon, who does not advise that the necessary dissecting license be procured "unless there are some special features about Mr. Higgins' body which might be of use to the medical profession." Thus, while declining Higgins' anatomy, an evident intention is shown to cut him to the quick. If he still presses his gift on the hospital, he must be pre pared to prove that he has " special features." These cognoscenti are not satisfied, forsooth, with the " human form divine," as manifested in their public-spirited townsman, but insist on "special features"—something abnormal and monstrous. This is decidedly hard on Higgins, who, if not at present in a state " which might be of use to the medical profession," as Dr. Owen puts it, will either be forced to forego hu laudable design, or obliged to cultivate an uncomfortable protuberance or excrescence, or speciality of some kind, about which doctors may disagree. A ghost story, with Sydney for the scene, has been sent to the Editor of the Evening New*. The writer introduces the matter with the remark, " I would not have you think that I have any ambition to become the author of a ghost story, aud trust that you will suppress my name (which I subscribe), in the event of your publishing this letter "; and goes on to tell :— " On Sunday evening hut, at about 11.15 p.m., I was returning to my home by what is called the 'paddock' in Gipps- atnwt When about half-way between Macquarie and Smith streets, I observed something near the fence on the right-hand aide, which appeared to me at first sight like a goat On nearing it, however, it appeared more like a person under the influence of liquor ; and I went up to it with the intention of assisting him or her to rise. I struck a match, which went out; a second attempt was more success ful. Holding it down close, I observed a man's face, about twice the size of an ordinary one. It had a white nightcap on, the eyes were open, the forehead, nose, mouth, and general features stood in bold outline, and clearly recognisable ; the skin of the face was much shrivelled, and appeared like that of an old man. It had stumps of arms from about the elbow, which were held erect. The legs were cut from above the thighs. It had on a sort of short night shirt, which came only to the loins. I became very much afraid, and made the best of my way towards home. When at the corner of Gipps and Smith streets I met a man, and such was my agitation that it took me several minutes before I could convey to him what had occurred. We at once went back to the spot. The man went up to the object and struck a match, but immediately sprang back to me, crying out, ' It's a spirit —get a stone and hit it' My eyes were on the object; and when he gave expression to these words it went from my sight in some mysterious manner. Since speaking of thia I have found that it has been seen before, in exactly the same place and manner, by persons whose names I enclose. No doubt on the appearance of this statement, the party who went back with me will supply you with bin name in confirmation, as I am unacquainted with him." The immense property amassed by the late " Money" Clarke, of Victoria, seems in the hands of his successor likely to do the world some good. In the Melbourne Telegrapli of a recent date we read that the foundation-stone of a new country residence for Mr. W. J. Clarke was laid in the presence of about 1200 per sons. The large gathering consisted of resi dent* of Sunbury aud surrounding districts, with tlieir children, and visitors from Melbourne, and the occasion was made a grand fete day both for old and young. Various outdoor sports were gone through, the successful competitors receiving prizes which were distributed on a most liberal scale by Mrs. Clarke. The cere mony of laying the stone took place at 2 o'clock, and was performed by the lady who, according to the terms of the marriage contract, owns the | estate. For the purposes of her work, Mrs. Clarke was presented by Mr. Sumner, one of the contractors, with a handsome silver trowel and polished hardwood mallet, and with them she "well and truly" accomplished the duty devolving upon her. The bottle deposited in the stone contained a biography of the late Mr. W. J. T. Clarke together with particulars of the day's proceed ings and other matters of interest to the family. After the stone was laid the estate was named liupertafort, after Master Rupert Clarke, who performed the ceremony by wasting a bottle of champagne on the foundation of the new build ing. Mr. Clarke then addressed the company, and stated in conclusion that he did not intend that his trip to Europe should extend over twelve months. Luncheon followed, accommo dation being provided for 600 persons at a time, after which the sports already referred to took place. The new mansion will be completed in about eighteen months, and when finished will be one of the largest in the colony, containing be tween forty and fifty rooms. The building is being erected by Mesara. George Sumner and Co., from designs prepared by and under the supervision of Mr. George Brown, the architect, and when complete will have cost between £25,000 and £80,000. I Drama the quarter that ended on June 80, 1874 (says the S. if. Herald), the Australian autumn, 1493 births and 694 deaths were regis tered in the city and suburbs of Sydney; the births exceeding the deaths by 799, being more than two births to one death, or 215 births to 100 deaths. The births comprised 732 boys and 761 girls, the deaths 357 males aud 337 females. The natural increase consisted, therefore, of 875 males and 424 females. The resident population of the city and suburbs in the middle of the present year is estimated at 154,459 souls ; in the city 83,644, in the suburbs 70,815. Nine years ago a Mr. Colenso, who had ac quired a great reputation for knowledge of the Maori tongue and acquaintance with the legen dary lore of Maori-land, was commissioned by the New Zealand Government to prepare a lexi con of the Maori language. In reply to some enquiries on the subject, recently addressed to the Native Minister, it was elicited that about £1200 had been paid on account of this lexicon, that no portion of it was yet ready for the press, and that nobody could say when it would be ready. When it is, what will they do with it ? We trust (says the Australasian) that this case will not be allowed to form a precedent The other day, while the Taamanian Assembly was discussing a vote of £50 to the widow of a police constable who died in the ]>erformanoe of his duty, one member, Mr. Cameron, objected that the motion would be a bad example, and suggested that hon. members should put their hands in their own pockets and raise the gratuity that way. " The Colonial Secretary" (says the Hobari Town Mercury) " interjected the query whether the hon. member was prepared to do that, to which Mr. Cameron replied, ' Yes—will you follow V and handed a piece of paper to the Colonial Secretary bearing his signature for £5. The Colonial Secretary at once met the chal lenge, and"—in fact, paid the money like a man. Showers of rain are very common occurrences in this district; and showers of mud, or even showers of fish, are events we have known in Shoalhaven (says the News) but a shower of gold—in the shape of ready-made English sovereigns, is an event so rare that we think it worth recording. A few days ago, so we are informed, some workmen were removing a portion of Mr. David Berry's premises, at Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improvements, and while hi the act of lowering a wall-plate, they were somewhat startled by a shower of loose sovereigns, which cam* down "furious aud fast" for some minutes. The sovereigns, which we understand are all of the old English stamp, when picked up, were found to greatly exceed 1000 in number, and it is con* jectured that they must, years ago, have been put in their late hiding-place by one or other of the late members of Mr. Berry's family, and probably forgotten. The following is from the Ballarat Star: — " It will be remembered that when the Right Rev. Dr. Perry, bishop of Melbourne, left this colony, he expressed his desire to retire alto gether, but he afterwards left it an open ques tion, his retirement being subject to the con sideration of the council of the diocese. The council met in Melbourne on Wednesday, and after considering the matter carefully, referred it back again to the Church Assembly. It is now certain, we think, that the assembly will not insist upon the return of the bishop, and if it does not, the bishop will remain in Enlgand, and there enjoy his well-earned repose. The question of the appointment of a bishop in place of Dr. Perry may therefore be naturally expected to arise before we have a bishop of Ballarat. There appears to be some difficulty in obtaining a suitable clergyman to accept the post of bishop of Ballarat, although there need no longer be any fear as to the £1000 a year stipend being available, for we learn that in the beginning of 1875 the bishopric fund will amount to £16,000 ; and this sum alone invested at 6 per cent., will produce £960 •■ year. If onoe a bishop is appointed, the remaining £40 a year will be contributed very soon." A pewtkb pot controversy is one of the ex* citements of Ballarat at the present time. One of the local journals narrates as follows the reasons of discontent:—"About a month ago a match was fired off at Sandridge between thirty officers and thirty sergeants of the force, and the return match took place last Saturday. One of the conditions of these matches was, that each competitor should deposit 10s. 6d. with the committee ; another was, that this money should be returned to the winning side ; and there wm a third, to the effect that the winners should be rewarded with pewter pots. These condition* have been duly observed ; but the pewter pots distributed to the sergeants who won the first match are of such a quality that the sergeant* consider themselves 'sold.' The offending pewters hold half a pint, and can be purchased in Ballarat at 2s. apiece. So the sergeant* oon aider the officers have extricated themselves from their losses at a cost of 2s. each, when they ought to have disbursed 10s. 6d. each. The pots were being handed round the town on Tuesday, and every person who saw them agreed with the ser geants that the conduct of the officers in this matter is not as liberal and officer-like M it should have been." A trial of the Burleigh rock-driller took place (says the Melbourne Argus) at the LangUnds Foundry, Flinders-lane, in presence of about 100 persons interested in mining, and others. The machine, which is about sft. in length, is set on a tripod stand, and can be adjusted in any posi tion with the greatest ease, not requiring to be attached to anything. It was placed upon a block of bluestone 20in. thick, sunk securely in the ground, and by means of the air-comprewor, by which it is worked, it was set in motion. Three holes were made, the deepest being 15|in. f which was drilled in six minutes. It was ex plained that there was only a limited steam power available, or otherwise thu could have been accomplished in half the time. The drill itself v so constructed, being somewhat of a diamond shape, that it never strikes twice in the same place, and as it is . said to give with a sufficient steam power 300 blows per minute, its efficacy will be apparent The internal arrangements are so nicely adjusted that there is no jar in the working, and the drill, which is very portable, cau be managed by two men. The motive power is compressed air, furnished by the action of two air pum]>H con nected with a steam-engine. The air passes into a receiver, and thence through a hose to the drill, and that which is exhausted in setting H in motion would in a mine serve to ventilate the place where the men were working. The suc cess of the machine was acknowledged, aud a general opinion expressed as to the extraordinary saving of labor aud time which it would effect if employed in mining. One gentleman stated that whilst it took six men in the Rose of Denmark mine a week to bore from three to four feet, the drill would drive sixty feet in the same period. Recently some circumstances occurred in Melbourne from which it became evident that anything but a friendly feeling exists between the ordinary constabulary and the detective police. It also seemed that the latter branch of the force were not in v very high state of disci pline, aud it was insinuated that their condition was quite the opposite. There has been an en quiry on the subject, and a long report from the Chief Commissiouer, in the course of which he says :—" The impression commonly held of a detective police constable is that derived from novels and plays rather than from reality. In procuring information or in observing facts, he is supposed to be endowed with almost hujw human acuteness, and to l>e possessed of an ab normal development of the ]>erceptive facul ties, while in taking up the odds aud ends of information he can collect, and in eliminating therefrom the truth he is in search of, his judgment is supposed to be unerring. That such men are occasionally found to exist is indeed true, but it would be as foolish to expect that all detectives, or even r. majority «J them, will be ho gifted, as it would be to imagine that all soldiers are like Wellington, or all astrono mers like Newton. The detective of real life U simply a constable of rather more than the usual intelligence and astuteness, and who is neleeted for the performance of detective i >ol ice d uty, partly be* cause of that intelligence and antutene.su, and partly because it it considered that he can with safety be left very much to hift own discretion as to the selection of the meauM he will employ in the dUcharge of any duty entrusted to him. His sphere of action is more extended than that of the ordinary constable, and he must i>l> vioußly be relieved of much of the strict dis cipline to which the latter is of necessity sub jected- It is only by being left to the resources of his own ingenuity that he can hope to un ravel the cases of crime he has to deal with, and of becoming thoroughly conversant with the habits, pursuits, and general character of the criminal class." 