TLLK FAI!I. .There arc a variety ot amusements in the show, the enactment of deep tragedy, elegant CJmedy, and streaming farce. acrolmism, voeal and other music:, a panorama, a wild beast show, ami numerous other " entertainments;" exhibi tions, excitements, and con Elisions, all o£ which, separately or conjointly, lend sin attractiveness to these fairs which induces persons to he "merry and forget themselves." Tile many friends one meets, familiar faces one sees, I he general holiday and good humored appearance of everybody, venders the fair a pleasant place of resort. Wherever was there a fair held without tjie inevitable " Kichardson's Show?" It seems that these shows are intimately associated with fairs, and appear to be a necessary appendage. There are two of these, where the bandit, the king, the clown, the negro, and the fair maiden "stmt their brief hour upon the stage,'' and claim tlie execration or applause of an admiring audience. The ilrst of these shows which we will noticc is that of the Star Com bination Troupe. A glance at the "painting" decorating the exterior of the marquee is sufficient to indicate what is to he seen in tfie interior. However we went inside, and the curtain rose on a verdant landscape scene, to the coloring of which the artist has done full jus tice, though he has slightly deviated from the rules of proportion in theshaping oC the luxuriant trees. The tragedy was one commendable for its conciseness, and the brevity of the .solilo quies spaken by the actors. The plot—if jilut it may be called—of the piece is marked for" its simplicity, and the principal characters are a hard- hearted father, a faithful lover, a blushing maiden, and a heav}- villain. Of course the hero and heroine are subjected to cruel fate, which refuses to allow them to hc coine united, and realise an earthly paradise but all ends well and happily. Virtue again comes forth triumphant, wickedness is" de feated and the lovers are blessed, lint there are also other attractions, of sing ing(V), and some very pretty and graceful dancing by " Signora Jfellitio Grenlessino," &c.; The other show possesses a large number of "artistes," and lays pretentions to producing five act tragedies, which are made up of a terrific combat of six to one, some five murders, a love scene, and the orthodox encounter be tween the rivals, terminating in a.must glorious 'manner with the resurrection o£ the slain, the establishing of happiness amongst all by mutual forgiveu'ess, ami the tragedy closes with a " walk round." It would bo rash to attempt to rc traco the progress of the piece as it dc velopes itself, or offer uny opinion upon (lie. connectivcncss of the " scenes" with one another; sulliee to say that every one, old and you;].;;, especially the latter, rejoiced that tilings ended so happily, iind that everybody appeared siitis •fied. Nor was the performance confined to tragedies; pantomimes were also "done" in the moat approved fashion, in which a policeman, a fish carrier, and nursemaid figured conspicuously. What if the gorgeous "scenery" did mil look pink by the broad light of day, or if the music w:is sometimes slightly wild and fantastic, was it not Richardson's Show? The old laughed be cause, it may be presumed, they saw the young do the same thing, who were ready at the conclusion to sec it all over again. It is, however, a fact worthy of note, and one which requires some explanation, that the most pathetic and plaintive tones of the dis tressed generally had the effect—most unusual —of awakening in tho audiences feelings opposite to those marked by admiration for tho .sublime. Adjoining this show is the exhibition of •' Mons. J 11:1 u Fernandez," who sets forth in large letters the merits and attractions of the " only gennimi show" in the fair. In front of each of these exhibitions there are, of course, platforms, fnmi which the listening crowd is informed, after the true fashion of the " Genial Showman," what is to be seen inside. This entertainment, how ever, is of a very pleasing and instructive dia meter, being a pictorial description of the career of " Robinson Crusoe." Each of the scenes, which, by the way, are exceedingly well painted, arc prefaced by a few explanatory remarks. This ought to be a favorite place of resort for the younger portion of the patrons of the Fair. During the entertainment there were also several songs given. If we state that the panorama was painted hy Mr. Homings, of Melbourne, it will be sullicient to recommend it to the public. The attendance at " Professor Hello's Portrait Gallery" was large throughout the day, and some of the " portraits" to be seen at this exhibition of ''art" are worthy of an inspection. It is true that some of them are the same as those which were exhibited at the last i'air, but they do not lose any of their freshness thereby, being all excellent in jioiii!. Two political squibs have, amongst other things, been added to the gallery, relating to the candi dates for the Sandhurst and Mandnraiig divi sion and require to be seen to be admired. The likenesses of the gentlemen at whom the squib is pointed are very true and easily recog nisable; not so easy a matter in some of the instances. ,Thc entertainment of Mons. i>\ he Due is well worthy of a visit. It is of a very quiet and enjoyable character, comprising some very fair tricks by Professor Selnvarnz Kuustler, the German magician," singing, dancing, and a very clever show of Lilliputian figures, whieli are manipulated, in an exceedingly pleasing and smart manner. It was well patronised and received with applause. There are, however, additional attractions offered to the audience iit the. evening in the shape of -'Pepper's cele brated ghost" The lovers of sensation alism and the horrible can by attending feed their appetites, though whether tliey will be satisfied it is not for us to say. At the further end of the fair was " Van Hamburg's Wild Beast Show." There was a large crowd gathered around the marquee, evidently admir ing the noble proportions of a lion, painted life size upon canvas, and animals of equal terror in the forest. The proprietor promised visitors that they would sec i a sight that would astonish them';'that no fear need be entertained of the ferocity of the animals, as they were securely caged. We heard the assurance of the shop man with a ccrtaiu amount of suspicion, and en tertained doubts upon the point whether he was confining himself strictly to the narration of the plain honest truth. -We can now, however, re commend no better course to pursue to persons who are unsettled in their mind upon the veracity of the showman, than to visit the inside of the place. When we were there the lion was not visible, though there was a good collection of animals, and a variety of birds, etc., which form- a large feature in the show. There ,was 110 lack of sources of amusement f'|r children, nor did they 'want the spirit and incli nation to enjoy themselves; in addition to the merry-go-rounds, which were exceedingly well patronised, there was also a novelty in tho slwptt of a swing-boat. • A large dancing booth was also erected, and almost without intermission a giddy whirl was kept up within it by the lovers of the circular waltz, &c.; Upon every spare spot on this side of the creek was erected some sort of booth, from which purchases of infinite variety could be made. Nor were some of the games -familiar to racecourses wanting for the diver sion (or beguiling) of the great public. Several of the proprietors kept large crowds around their tables, watching whether the " grey, l:av> or black," would win; and whether a throw "under " or "over." One venturesome spirit had actually iii a secluded nook, set himself "P (of course against the sanction of the c&uimiftce;) with a piece of board and' three cards, but he had. nut long enjoyed his seclusion when he was pounced upon by the poliec, and removed io lock-up. ; The publicans appeared to be driving a roaring trade, and .to many persons it wis, doubtless, a very great "treat," when, after :: niodest ''blow," they were asked to " wet their whistles," at oiie of the accommodating drinkii't! fountains at^ hand. There were also.-innumer able lotteries, " all prizes and no blank3; several shooting galleries and skittle alleys, an of which drew a large.'.share of attraction. 