LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. We do not hold ourtclra rapana'Mc for opinions ex pressed by our Correspondents. CATHOLICITY AMD EDUCATION. To the Editm: of the Xewcmtle Chronicle. Sin — We have now five champions in tho field — not of education, but of Protestantism — ' Working Man' being the last edition. I am sorry to harp, disturbed the equanimity of the placid ' iEqiiitas,' arid I will promise him, if he can impress upon the other ' quatuor fratres,' the necessity of tolling tho truth, and not fabri cate lying statistics when trvinz to write down and blacken the Catholic Church ; I will not ' im pose.' upon him again ' such a painful neces sity' of writing such a long letter. At the same time, whilst it would bo impossible for mo to follow every enemy of tho Catholic Church — of which, I still assert, that I am a lay member, notwithstanding tho insinuation of 'iEquitas' to tho contrary, who thinks proper to misre f-resent it, to contradict each defamcr, to con ound each calumniator, to detect and expose the sophisms of every scribbler who may make use of yotir columns as a vehicle for their malice. This would not bo within tbe scope of human exertion, and would occupy more of my time than I could afford to devote to that interesting subject. The following remarks, then, will bo accepted as a reply' to the whole ' five,' but more es pocinlly to ' JEnuitas,' ' No Secularist,' and ' Working Man. I will mako ' ^'Equitns' a present of antiquity, us far, at least, as tho ' spirit' of Protestantism U concerned, for 'Lucifer' was the first and tho mightiest Pro testant, and tho history of heretics since Lucifer is a history of the church. The reader of eccle siastical history will see heresy in every age, from the days of the Apostles themselves down to our own time, rising up, and vanquished after a while; but the Church of God is always the same, her chief pastors speaking with the same authority, and teaching the same doctrine to the trembling Neophites in the catacombs, and to tho Cæsars on tho throne of the world. Empires are broken into fragments and perish —nations die away, and are only known to the historian — languages spoken by millions disappear — every- thing that is man's work die like man ; heresies, like tho rest, have their rise, their progress, their decay, but faith alone is eternal and unchange able —' yesterday, to-day, and for ever. ' Did Doctor Martin Luther' ever say that it was from the devil he received the doctrines he taught and preached as a reformer ? If so, where is the fact recorded by himself, or un his autho rity ? I conlid'.'iitly allirm uinrlnuv., and have no hesitation in stating tliut this method of conduct ing a controversy is not only contemptibly dis honest, but essentially jnulicious ! Meekly put, my gen tlonntiigonist.whosigns himself' Equity,' would not. ' Iniquitus' be a more appropriate term for this Gospel-loving minister ? If ' JEquitas' will read St. Ligouri's ' His tory of Heresies,' ho will see in pagu 202, vol. i., numerous quotations from Nut. Alex , t. 10, sec. 15, o. o, art. 1, n. 12; Gotti. Vor. Hell, t. 2, c. 108, sec. 2 ; Baron, Ann. 1517, n. 50 ; Yarillas Istor, &C;, t. 1, 1. 3, page 120 ; Hermunt Hist., Concili. t. 2, c. 227. Hero are the words : — ' Martin Luther was born in Eisleben. in Saxony, in 1 IS:). His parents were poor, and wlieii he afterwards acquired such a sad notoriety, soino were not satisiied without tracing his birth to the agency of tho devil, and in his work'— let 'yEquitas' bear this in mind: Luther's own work. '* T)e Missn I'rU'iitn. nr T.nvr AThkm ' — lie says, he disputed with the devil on this subject, and was convinced by him that private Masses should be abolished. He. also said in one of his sermons to the people, ' that he had eaten a peck of salt with the devil.' LCI mistnlco not, you will also find these facts in hid life by ' liodmin,' ' Luther,' said the devil, ' it is now fifteen years that you are saying private Masses. What woidd the consequence W- if, on tbe nltar, you were adoring bread and wine? Would }'ou not be guilty of idolatry ?' '1 am a priest,' said Luther, ' ordained by mv bishop, and I have done everything through obedience ; and what say you if your ordination be false!'' Such were the powerful reasons which convinced Luther. Frederick Stiipliill relates a curious anecdote concerning this matter. ' 'Luther, at one time,' he says, 'endeavoured to exorcise a girl in Wittemborg, possessed by an evil spirit, but was so terrified that he tried to escape both by the door and window, which, to his great consterna tion, were both made fast ; finully, one of his companions broke open the door with a hatchet, and escaped.' 1 think, after this, 'JEquitas,' and not me, is convicted of ''contemptible dis honesty,' 'essential malice,' or crimiuul ig norance. Ajjain, speaking of the Greek Church, '^Sqiii- (as ' lias the brazen effrontery to state that, 'the Greeks protested more resolutely thnn the Protestants of our day against purgatory,' ifcis., Ac, &c.; It is scarcely necessary to remark for your more enlightened rondcrn. Mint tin; heresy of Ilie schisninlieal Greeks consists in denying the pro cession of the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son ; and they contend that he pro ceeds from the Father alone j and this is the dill'ercnco between the Greek and Latin Churches. This heresy up to the time of Photius was only held by a few persons, but on his intrusion into the See of Con stantinople in So 8, and especially iu 80:!, when he was condemned I'y Nicliolas, lie constituted him self, not alone the chief of the schism, which for so many yrnrs had separated the Greek and Latin Churches, but induced the whole Greek Church to qtnbraco this heresy — that tho Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father alone, and not from the Son. ' Fourteen times,1' Osius writes, ' up to tho time of the Council of Florence, held in 1430, tho Greeks renounced this error, and united themselves to the Latin Church, but always relapsed again.' In the Council of Flor ence, they themselves agreed in defining that the Ifoly ('? host proceeds from tho Father and the S»n, and it was thought that the union would be ?vcrlastiug ; but such was not lbs case ; for after they left the Council they again returned to their vomit at the institution of Mark, of Epliesus. I now ipoak of tbeso Greeks who were under tha obedience of the Eastern Patriarchs, for the others who were not subject to them, remained united in faith to the Catholic Church. Asfor the ' thirty breaks ' and ' twenty six schisms of J3arouius,' I challenge him to show mo where, when, and the nature of these schisms. 1 will produce him Baronius in the original, and I defy him to show me these facts as proved by him ; and against ' iCquitas' I will placo St. Augus tine ; and if it is not 'conti mptibly dishonest,' I would mllicr take the great Bishop of Hippo — whom an Englishmen ought to hold in high ven eration — as an authority, than one of the five chumpions of Newcastle. ' Do you wish to know,' says the great Doctor, 'which is the true Church of Christ ?' Count thoie priests who, in a reaulur succession, have succeeded Peter, who is tho Rock againsl which tile Gates of Hell frill not prevail (St. Aug., hi Ps. contra part Donat.) and lie alleges as one of tho reasons which de tain him in the Catholic Church, the succession of Bishops to the present time in tho See of St. Peter (Epis Sun, C. 4, N. 5), for in truth the uninterrupted succession from the Apostles and Disciples is characteristic of the Catholic Church, and of no other. For any Protestant really desirous of saving his soul and arriving at truth, the History of Heresies is a must useful study, for it shows tho truth of our Faith more pure and resplen dent by showing how it has never chunged ; and if at all times this is useful, it niust be particu larly so at present, when tho holy maxims and tho prinoipal doginus of religion arc put in doubt. It shows, besides, the care that God always took to sustain tho Church in the midst of the tempests which were unceasingly raised gainst it, and tho adnvrable manner in which all the enemies who attacked it were conlounded. Catholic controversialists have pursued and assailed Protestantism in every way, with the result that Umy Imd to contend with a new Pro teus, which always escaped the fatal blow by changing its form. If you wish to assail the doctrines of Protestantism, you do not know whore to direct your attacks, for they are un known to you and even to itself. On this sidn it is invulnerable, because it has ho tangible body. Thus no more powerful argument has over boon urged, than that of the immortal Bishop of Mcaux, viz., 'you change,' ''and that which changes is not tlio truth.' An argument much feared by Protestantism, and with justice, be cause all tho various forms which nro assumed to evade its force only servo to strengthen it. How just is the expression of this great man! At tho very title of his book Protestantism must tremble ! Tho History of Variations ! A his tory of Variations must bo a;history of error. Theso unceasing changes whioh we ought not to bo surprised at finding in Protestantism, be. cause they essentially belong to it, shew us that it is not in possession of the truth ; they shew us, also, that its moving principle is not a principle, life, but an element of dissolution. It has been called upon, and up to this timo in vain to fix itself, and to present a compact and uniform -ody. How can that be fixed which is by ita nature kept floating about in tho air ? ![„... ,.„ a 'solid body be formed of an element whonlr tlm essential tendency is towards an incest dmsionof particles by dimiiiwl.in, tbdr r?ci Zn-c\ ''creasing t|1(.jr rePL-llent It will be easily seen that I speak or the riclit of private judgment in matters of faith, wliothcr it be looked upon as a matter of huniu.i teZl iioTv'' °r 'S '' 'ldividual '-sl»'utioii from If there be anything constant in Trotestuitism it is undoubtedly tho substitution ()f nrivnlo judgment for public and lawful authority. Tin's u always found in union with it, and is, nropwlv speaking, its fundamental principle ; it is thi ! only point of contact among tho various lVot.-s I tnnt sects, the basis of their mutual rusc-nibWe' I It is very remarkable that this exists, for the most part unintentionally, and .sometimes against their express wishes. ' However lamentable and disastrous this priii. eiple. may be, if the coryphfBi of Protestantism had made it their rallying point, mid |,a,i C(,n. stnntly tided up to it in theory and practice they would have been consistent iu error. Wlicn men saw them cast into one abyss nflrr nnotlirr they would Imvo recognised n system— false. Mil doubtedly. but at any rate a svstcm. As it i- it bus not been that. If you cx'atiiine the words' and the acts of tho first Kcforincrs, you will find that, they made use of this principle as a means of resisting tho authority which controlled them, but lint lliey nei-er dreamed of cslaWisli. ing it permanently— that if they laboured to upset lawful authority, it was for the purpose of usurping tho command themselves, that is to say, that they followed iu this r.^p.ct the example of revolutionists of all kinds, uf ullages, and of all countries. Everybody knows how fnrLulhur carried life fiinnricnl intolerance ; he who could not licurtlio slightest contradiction, either from liisown dis. ciples or anybody else, wit bout givins wnyto the most, senseless fits of passion, uiul the tuost unworthy outrages. Henry Vi 1 1., of England, who founded there what is called the liberty of thinking, sent to the scadbld those who did not tliuiK as Me did ; nml it was at I In; i n.-t i Ration of Calvin tbit Servetus was burned alive at Geneva, f insist upon this point, becauso it scorns to be of great importance. .Men are but I too much inclined to pride, and if they heard it I constantly repeated, without contradiction, tint j the innovators of the sixteenth century pro- I claimed the freedom of thought, n secret interest I might be excited in their favour, their violin: 1 declamations might bo regarded as the exprcs. I sions of a generous movement, and their cIl'urH I as a noble attempt to assert the rights of intel- 1 lectual freedom. Let. it be known never to \n I forgotten, that if these men proclaimed llieprin- I ciplo of free examination, it was for tin* |iiirjii)je I of making use of it ugninsl legitimate authority; I but that they attempted as soon as they could I to impose upon others the yoke of their oun I opinions. Their constant eiiilfiivour was to de- j stroy the authority which came from Cod, in I order to establish their own upm its rum;. | ' Xo Secularist,' ssys ' Honianism' enlls itself | ' Catholic,' ' in order to make its tyranny j together with itself universal.' Well, lie ml- S mits, at any rate, ' Jvumanism is univer-al.' j Hut what occurred when l'r -testanlism at- I templed to take a general name is remarkable | If you examine its history, you will see that all I the names which it attempted to give itself 9 failed — if they contained any positive idea, or | any mark of Christianity — but that it a'luph'd a I name tnkcu by chance at the Diet of Spires, a | name which carries with it its own rmiileinna- I lions, because it is repugnant to the oriu'in, M tin- spirit, to the maxims, to ihi- entire history of the Christian religion— u name which is pecu liarly becoming lo it, which all the world gives to it by acclamation, which is truly its own, viz., Protestantism. 'Within the vast limits marked out by this name there is room for every error ami for every sect. You may deny, with the Lutherans, the liberty of man, or renew, with trc Armenian;, tho errors of 1'elngius ; you may admit with some I ho real presence, which you are free lo reject with llio Calvinisls and /itinsliniis; you tuny join w:th the Socinians, in denying tin) divinity of Jpsus Christ; you may attach your selves to Episcopalians and I'uritnns, or.it vou please, to tlio extravagances of the Qnaners; you can join the Mormons, who uro ready witb biblical proof for polygamy ; it is of no conse quence — protest against tbe authority of tho Church, and halo the Pope soui.dly. and you will always remain a staunch Protestant. Your field is so extensive that you can liawly escape from it, however great may be your wanderings— it contains all the vast extent tint we behold on coming forth from tho gutes of the Holy City. j Count Do Ministrc, in his work Dn P-y;e Jwi drveloped this question of names in an inimi table manner. 1 To says, ' The Catholic Chiircli aJono has n positive and proper name, wbicn sho gives to herself, and which is given to her oy all tho world ; tho separatod sects have in vented many, but without tho power of appro priating them.' I Moreover, it must not bo imagined tint tha I Count Do Maistro was tho inventor of tins. I argument; a long timo before him, St. JerJBj I and St. Augustin had used it. 'lfyouhw I says St Jerome, ' that they are callc^ ?'«? cionites,' ' Talentinians,' ' Montnnists, Know that they are not the Church of Christ, but tm synagogue of Antichrist.' ' I am retained in the Church,1: says St. Augustin, ' by her very ] name Catholic, for it was not without a caiwe | that namo. All heretics desire to bo coUea Catholics, yet if a stranger asks them wnieli w the church of tho Catholics, nono of them «n turo to point out their church or ineetuiR hnuse.' What St. Augustin observed of WJ limo is again realised with respect to we Protestants. 'No Secularist,' in n! tempting to disprow the facts of rny last letter,. attempts to throw additional slander on the Catholic Church oy» motley bundle of what he calls ' statistics, to show, or attempt to show, that Catholic coun tries arc not to be compared advantagcou i| with Protestant countries in point of moterou prosperity and morality. Ho travels back to 1800 for a comparison, and brings up a tn'lo ?«? tho enlightenment of your renders on the suo ject, which Professor Babbago himself, iM» were in tho flesh, could not elucidate. He point' to Spain particularly, and tolls us that that country, 'once tho highest, was reduced to i tuo lowest in tho scale of nations.' And by wnsw 'Komanism,' which he goes on- to say. mcan| ' tyrannv,' ' tho Inquisition.' and Catholic ism.' What does this logical writer mean , it a language and his statistics arc stepbrothers to B» wligion, »ud tho three are a mass of. absurdity, contradiction, and lios. What a mine of Wri tanicai Vandalism thoro lies fon,ccalPcd. '„' the followingioxpressions : ' Clouds of racflW. melodious music, beautiful pointings, arcbitcc tural grandeur, ' &c;, &-s. When a PnnW» sees an edifice raised to the honour and glory ° God, with tho slightest pretensions tc ? ?'»« tural beauty, it has tho same effect on him M red rng has on an infuriated bull. Now, to return to the statistics. ?' 'No i» ; larist' goes back to the beginning of t. cpre, se century. _ Why did he not go bade M come up to tlio present noun ^ ??— , „ t for him; and ' hoist him on his own Pc''%i#ll shall refer him to a statement from a woi* «« has a place in every good library, tho ^''j sal, Historical. Critical, and Bjbl.ograpl»« Dictionary.' The period is from tloj r ° to 1787; during whfeh period Franco was under tho dart despotism of the Catholic. Church what Blackstone calls ' monkish ignor»n«» superstition ;' and, during tho same period. island of Great Britain was in a blaJ- oj m i,.ii( Ibrlli by Luther, Cranincr, Xuox, ami thrir fuiluivcrs. * England, I Scotland. Franco. Italy, and Ireland. VritiT.- mi Uivr ? 0 .. 01 .. U \\[,i!i.ia:itii;iim^ ? 17 .. 02 .. lo i'ln-h-ian- ami Snrtfuons ? 13 .. 72 .. 21 !.-::t..Hon NafnBil History. . -0 .. 33 .. 11 ,,,,,,,,,&? Writers ...'. ? 19 .. GO .. 22 Grammarians ? 7 .. 12 .. (i rlt' ? 3H .. 157 .. 2 Winters ? -r, .. 01 .. 31 Hiituriniis ? 21 .. 13!) .. 11 132 «70 164 Theso figures loll for themselves. Now, we will take ' Wliiltiikor's Almanack for 1871,' pub lislii'il i» ioniluu, and the ' Scotsman,' news i.niipr, both l/rotestant publications. At page ?-\'i »!' the former, under the heading ' Vital Statistics.' Scotland, the tup garrett of 1'ro testaut Kiiglund, the land of Calvin, John Knox, (ten liiblcs, ami Puritans, fn the 1010 districts into ivliirli i-L-i.t Itmil is divided for the purpose of tvirislraliuii, li:).:3i)5 births were registered, out -iF which 11,02:1 were Ulfijitimnte, giving a per cuilngo nf \V7 of the whole births fur all Scotland, and in the Smith- West division the ucriTiiin^c was 1.V4, wliieh include the most lii»lilv I'llucatcd counties! i\ii'th,iL-itM»r'lUi).--l''i nm tlieSeotimnn : — ' The i.iMiuirliiiii of illegitimate births to the total nuiul.i'i'of births is, in Ireland, 8'8 per cent.; in Knijlaiiil, the proportion is (i'4 ; in Scotland, !)''J ; in other words, l£ii!-land is nearly twice, and S'l.tiaiid nearly thrice, worse tlinu Ireland. S'liiiclliini,' worse has to bo added, from which no cr.tisolat ion Ciin be derived. The proportion of i.leifitim'iey is very unequally distributed mvr Ireland, and the ineqtmlitj' rather huuibl.ng (.. us as 1'i-oteslaiits, and still morn as Prusby tiriiiin iiml Scotchmen. Taking Ireland, aceon.1 !«.» i'i tin1 registration divisions, the uronortion I of illi^'itiniali! binhs varies from (-2 to l'il ; the I ,nVi-ii-n sh'iwiii:1 the lowest li^ure is the \\\\*es I t-.m. I'tini; subslimtially thu province of Con I i,ni,'lil, uiicro about iiiiii.-lveti-Uvoulii-ths of the I |M|-nIaiii.ii ii ru Celtic and Koiuiin Catholic. The I ilirisioii slimvini; llio highest proportion of ille I nitimacy is tin? .Xurlh-liustei-ii, which comprises, I i,r ai:ii(i.-il consists f.f the ])rovinee of Ulster, I wli'ic tin- popiilution is almost equally divided I Ivlw.'i'ii Protest ii nts and Jiomiui Uatholics, and I uli.'iv the j;ivitt majority of Presbyterians aro I ,)- sroirh l.'looil (mixed with tlie blood of Saxon I f.vi'lj 'i.t.-rs, and Dutch adventurers), and of the I IVoli.vierian Church. Tin.1 sum of the whole ? III.KM'I I*. Illlll ?lllll'L I l'.'-l/ » II I III II MIIU auilll* I .?v.'itc-ii I'Nli'i1 is fully tliron limes :noro immoral I tliiiu tin- wholly l'.ipi.sli, the wholly- Irish Con I nuuiit. which corresponds with more generul I ii.Tiuai'}' t'. the more general fact, that Scotland, I n: a whole, is three limes inure immoral than I livhic.l, as a whole !' These facts speak for I tiii'iini'lws. and. I trust, will make Protestants I iniiivdisi-reet in future, when compiling statistics I in -In. iv llie high morality of i'rotestant over l',lii..|ir ro'illlrics. AN' illt ri'uiird to the superior commercial pros |-rily of l'roti'Staiit countries, which I deny to v ii -n iii i in pi ii.ii. iii i a iiiut;ai;iiivU| a. instil) ii i-iml all iiulicntive of a high slato of r«lif»ion an-l morality, but the reverse, for the Assyrian, (,)?? I'.i'ji.in, the Grecian, and lioniiui lOnipires \uii' Iii- more |)owerfiil and prosperous than any n ?? fi-i-ii nation ; therefore thi* point falls to the iiiund. I [-:-? to remind ' Jliijuittis,' in prop pi!:; up his cause by his calumnious assertions ?.'-.I tin- character of individual l.'opes, tlmt, in '!io ffjlli'iie of tin1 Apostles, there was one who wtrayi'd, and another who denied Christ, but !'i!l CIirisLiaui :y nourished. 'Why not inform his intelligent Protestant bedhren. what ull his Umm say of 1'npu Luthur, Pope Henry, the 'Virgin l^iieen,' Pope iCIiztibctli, Tom and Oliivr Cromwell, d hue ijciihs umiie. There it ii'.t, tvitli thi! except ion of, perhaps, Mcliiiicliton, din1 mun or woman who helped to found Proles lint'bin, whose moral character could stand s.'vntiuy ; and the religion founded in lust, niur ilir, r.i;,inr, and plunder, cannot bu of Divine unsiti, auJ could not, therefore, produce good fruit. U'tiwsoe what it did for education in En-j- Iniiil fri'laui ? It imposed a line of £10 per niuiitli lor w»|iloyin« a Catholic school-master in a jinYjite family, and £2 a-day on tin1 si'li.iolniaster so eni])lo3red. It imposed ilififnr srndiii!; n child to n Catholic foreign sclioul, and the child so sent was disabled lYuin cvor inlierilitiK, purchasing) or enjoying kills op |irolits, goods, debts, lefjacies, or sums of moiii-y. This was in Kn»land. 13ut in lre laml, tin1 co.le was still more ferocious. A L'atlwlii; srlioolnia.ster, private or public, or even teller to a I'loteslant, was punished with iit Jirisoimifiit. banishment, and finally as a felon J'lii'immlicrof llio Penal Acts from the corona linn of Kluabc'.h, till nearly twenty years after lliat of George tlie Third, was more than u hund kJ, inaile expressly for murdering and torturing noil, women, and children, because they faith Inlly adhered to their conscientious religious . |)rinc ipics. JJut all meiins failed to exterminate tlic Irish people or the Catholic religion ; tiioy Mh llourish and prosper all over the world. -ay, more, the very persecution the Church of f God has suffered, uud is daily enduring, only Kti'iids it more and more. The Catholics, per Sfriileil in 'one city,' fly elsewhere, bearing with them the treasure of Fnith, and communi catins it to those among whom they settle, as llio seeds cf fertility aro frequently borne on the 'ii^a ui me icmpesc to tlio remote desert, wik-Ii would otherwise be cursed with perpetual tarrcimivss. The persecution of the church in Ireland, for example, 'has turned tlio desert Milo fruit fulness,' in America, in Australia, in hngland itself. Take any of these countries for example, and compare, what Catholicity is now to »liat it was half a centurv ago. Take the City oliVcwcastle itself, and lo'ok at the progress the Uliolic religion has made in it within even the last decade. What is all this but the fulfilment ol bod s command. ' All power is given to me in heaven ami on the earth ; go, therefore, teavh all nations, baptising them in the name of the iNtlwr, and of tlio Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, ImcIiiii-! thorn to observj all thinu's, whatsoever t Im-e Kiveu you in command; and, lo ! I am Trill''' aIwayS| ''' tlle consummation of the Finally, the Catholic Church desires to see «« children educated- She desires lo soe Pro icstttntj educated, because she knows it is only irum the intelligent aud the educated that she «|wcls converts. Witness such monas Manning. Joirinun, Fuber, Oakley, and hundreds of ?? '», »uo nwi! yielded, up tlioir errors, and entered tlio true fold; aud later still, the Earl of '«|-nn, nf whoso conversion the Press seems scrupulously reticent. These men were not wouRlit up under Popish rule and Jesuitical in wence! Iso, they were generated and nurtured n tbo bosom of Protestantism, but who, exercis ngthoir keen intellects, saw clearly that Protes ° if' Wa^ illoP-»il. and in spito of honours, ?i I'81'100' fiends, and all earthly things, ?enficcd all, ' that they may gain Christ.' Pa td-h « AMICUS SAPIENTI2E. l« ?P'111 ' Work'ng Man' be good enough ;o adduce proofs of his something more than H?P°n a.sserti°»' that Alphonso de Candolle h,f i ? oll,e' or when ho became one. I deny »w Ho is; ho was bom at Geneva, of Calvinis CailParCnlSl and X aIsd de'y tliat all tho non P«5 , lTllicl1 ho Puts do^n °n his lists as raMi ?? t8,' aro not Protestants at all, but. «m* m'fill-0 truth could bo ensily arrived at in bl»tnK rS?' .lll°y would befound more proba Z . TLe-'8ts- J' Lo«-ever, altogether de Z.' ? lCTJa'} of his inferences, and utterly 2l .!,''? lnfl'°n=o of Catholicism is prcju TOial to the intellectual and physical any more «m*W I0 '10,''al ffpI1-b'ing of any nation. I E,y1!-ny.tho 'nroronco, that Protestantism »eiMnyi nR,ln, U more favourable to scientific VZ«e and d'8'ovory than has Catholicism. Jeohn VI?0 forbida mo t0 enter into this sub J«t more fully at present. A. 8. 