THE PALMER DIGGINGS. From files of the 'Northern Argus,' received last night, we make the following extracts with reference to the above field :— One correspondent, writing from the Endea- vour on January 25, says :— Owing to only two or three men having been down during the last fortnight great difficulty is oxporiui'jcefVin getting reliable information from the fiold. In town all sorts of atatohjontq aro inado and as qnicjcly pon tradicted, consequently 6 vcjiy thing said must be takon ««.»» granii stilis. Tho universai oxproasion ono hoars is ?'?' njpst diggers aro getting gold, gottjng something.' Still,. I .cannot ascertain that any good finds havo boon made. Since the field opened tho principal . 'buyers' hero o.oem adverse to naming' quantities, anil spoak as if nothing wondorfjil had boon pr/iducpd. Looking at tho uuinl)er of men, and length of tjino inany lyavo wt'jrked, of l\\)uky hits, I have boon crodibly informed us follows^nino pounds woigljt hy.ono party ; 20Q ouijcos by another in six wpeka ; a 108 ouiico nuggut, and somo Qthors as higlj as twonty-fivp ounces. Ono of the bijnk managers has just informed -me of a pin- chiiso j/f twenty pounds weight from a porsmi, who there is not tho Hlightest dpubt, obtained it in tho way of business, and qighty-thruo ounces I niysolf saw sold wore a like- prpduct. Under present appear ances I. feel confident, nothing can bo said moro dolinito as to finds or accumulations until diggors conio down, or tho first escort arrives, and frpiri all I have hoard I am certain nothing has been discovered to tho present time that would justify a, great wish, or^a sudden and onortnous increase of population. The prico paid hitherto for Pal mer gold has been £3 15s., and may rise, as tho valuation is quoted from £4 to- £4 2s. (id. Somo information rolativo to tho track from | hore to the prcsont workings shows that the wot season has fairly sot in on tho Palmor, the main branch being flooded and all, operations cpnfniod to tho left-hand branch, and gullies forty milos above Palmorston, which is declared to bo dis tant from hero 160 milos. Furthor particulars state that vory lino gold was found at a placo called the ' Threo-iriilo Beach,' also that a new gully called 'Jessop's Gully,' had turnod out very woll. Tho advice now to persons contem plating the Palmer is still what tho press has nil along urged, namely to await the absolute .eloso of tho wot souson, which it is believed will not bo until tho ond of March. From all accounts the road is reported as being under water, and frightfully boggy for miles ; rations aro scarce arid vory dear on the field, and fresh or salt moat quite .unobtainable, and likoly to Ijp for spino timoto como. ? w ' ' ' .Another correspondent, under ,doto February 9, ; writes ::-^The future of Cook.town entirely depends on the futnrp of the Palmer, and those who have como in contact with peop\e from the diggings aro most sanguino,, judging from, the way in which they are preparing and laying in stocks and building, but thorp is very little news ju3t now ; one man arrived intown the othor day ill with, fov£r, ^iiul he reports walking all the way in fivd days, but it was lifo and death with him, ho swam several creeks, and had a fearful trip; his two mates cleared £1000 (!) each in throe weeks, but he only brought 70 ozs. being unable to carry moro (!) When ho left thoro wero about -2Q00 people camped on different parts of the river, and only abonf ton tons of pro visions in tho various stores to last them until April, ?The' blncks are very daring along tho road, and it requires all tho energy of Acting Sub-inspector Douglas and his tr.oopo.rs t.p koup tho road at all safe. . ' ? '? Miss 'LmiE Watson. — From an Auckland paper wo gather that Miss Lizzie Watson, tho well-known comic singer from London and St. Gepr.go's Hall, but who now claims to bo Mrs. Honfy Braham, was rocontly thoro. A curious scene occurred on board tho steamer which ?brought her. Tljo vessel was crowded to incon venience on leaving Bli id Bay, and among.other ladies on board was ?' a young, agreeable, but somewhat stout and important lady,' who, ex- pected to receivo great attention from all on board, and, of omirso, the stewardess in particu lar. But that useful creature did not appear. Tho lady became impatient. Miss Lizzie was reclining on a seat, whon tho lady, still moro impatient, wont up to her and .asked, '.' jA.ro yon tho stewardess''? ''Find out,'' said the singer, somewhat tartly. Tho rebuffed lady, overpow ered by her feelings, and being convinced that Miss \Vat8on was tho person whose aid she re quired, again appealed to her, -repeating the former inquiry. It was now Lizzie's turn to become- irate, and throwing herself into a .tragic attitudo .boforo tho assomMod passengers^ she exulaiinod, ' That fat creaturo actually takes mo for a stewardess.' The little scone afforded material for amusement during tho remainder .pf tho -voyago. ?Extraordinary Suicide at Stawell. — It was reported to.tho Stawoll polico that a married woman named Emma Johnston had poisonod herself by taking a largo quantity of painkiller. Tho oldest d.Mighter of tho docoasod gave ovi denco to the effect .that her father waa present when tho poison was takon, and urged her .mother to take mqro. Altogether throo and a half bottles of tho mixture woro takon. Tho finding of tho jury was that tho woman died from drinking painkiller in great quantity, and that tho 'husband was guilty of wilfully allowing and inciting her to titke it. Ho was committed on tho coroner's warrant for manslaughter. ' Disi'KitsrNa' Blacks.— A writer in tho Sketchor says: — I can imagino tho feelings of horror and indignation with which Dr. Patrick Murray will .road tho description ,pf tho .wilful destruction .of sp much good black ,Ues]i up.at tho Palmor River diggings. '?' Hero wore niggers, '' tho eminent philanthropist will exclaim, ' ovory one of whom would havo fotchod a good prico in tho Fiji's, shot. ^own w,itlirmt an attempt.^ savo them ! Surely they could have caught somo, it is impossible that so woofnl a waste of marketable .commodity was absolutely necessary. If they even caught tho creatures, and .got one or two days' worjc out of them to oase tho poor horses,, it would havo been better than nothing.1' jBnt; then the dootor,nmst 4{iko dnto account, tho fun. of :the-thing. 'The cqmniis3ioner,,police, .survey ors, and. digger* wero..pn.an.o*peditipn,in which thoy wanted to .combine as much pleasure as possible .with tho woifk.tihoy 'had boforo -them ; and, -the country being cWtitnte .of .big game, ithoy took it out.of theaiativ.es, starting mobs of iblackfollows, shooting thorn in water.-lioloH, and potting thoin up trees. Ttis rough.pn .tho abori .Cinos when, a now country ,ia being opened .up. ?But with tho .tales.tho old 'sottlprs .toll ,of tho .way tho lands of Victoria. wero .wrested if rom the, ?', rightful owners;' wo bIiouUI not bo toohard on the spovtsmon of Queensland. ??Wo -no longer shoot ourblackfollpws in n^obs.; tho fathors,qf the cojpny did it for ng. Gramfvixo Success op .the Deno.minatiok-al System. — Snob instancos as the following, .re lated by an English. piagistrate at a public. moot- nng, aro not uncpininon. Ho said ,t|iivt 'bo had been examining tho children in a do.uominational school, and hadiboon. struck with their ictnoranco and stupidity. At last-he asked one boy who had boon somo years af; school 'if he could write?' Answer, 'No.'' -Can you road ?' Answer, ?' No;'1 -'?' Can you oiphor?' Answer, ' No;' ??'JTlien -what .on oarth can you do?' Answer, -'I can do catechism.' ?'' Woll,' said tho gentleman, -'Let us see if you know that — what did;your godfathors ami godmothers do fpiv.you?' Answer, '-' They did promise and* own that I should nurso the devil and all his works, and ronounce the pumps 'of this wiokqd world.' ..??'? A photographer requests that his sign,, ?' Taken ,from lifo,' khould bp-his epitaph. ALLiaAT0R8 ,in the NoRTii.-4-TheBo frosh wator sharks appear, to bo gotting .moro.daring and forooious than 'over in the Northern 'rivers. A Tow'risvillo correspondent relates :— Two black picotininies and sqmo white children wore bath ing in tho shallow water, produced by the over flow of tho crook at high tide, in Flinders-street.. Suddonly a large alligator moved swiftly and noisolessly. tqwerds tlioin, seized the biggest black boy aiul-inBtantly dived wiiii him. Ho reap peared in a second or two, holding ' tho unfQrtn nato victim by tho middle in his jaws. One crunch, ij, faiiit scroain of agony, Uor^lded tho socqnd. dislvppoaranco of the monster, -aijrt a rod jtjiigo on the snrfaco of tho. water told' the horrible tale. ,- It is well knpwn tljat the crook and rivor aro alive with those frightful saurians, and yet white childron and black persist in bjith ing and wading about tho wharves, whilo the adult blacks constantly swim across. Tho only wonder is that more liv.es are not lost.— The Herbert- River correspondent pf tho ' Courier' says' :— A sad occurrence took placo at Mr. Haig'? plantation on Sunday' last. Harry, a tiinoox pirod islandor, who was omployod as Kanaka ovgrso.ei1, went with others to the river to bogio:' Ho was standing in 2.ift. or 3ft. of \v;itor- wnon an alligator camo up and soizod him round the body 'with its foropaws. Harry; with. groat pro sonco of mind and courage, caught tho brute by tljo ja- ws and wrestlod with i^; in the most deter mined niannor, calling to: tho' Tslandurs who woro looking on, ' Bi-ing tomahawk, I kill him;' ho' made groat efforts to draw tho brute insh.oro, it all tho timo drawing its proy towards deeper water. Harry again, called, ''Quick, quick, tomahawk' and somo boys rushod off to thoir hut for spoars. The unequal contest could not last long ; tho brute' got poor Harry down, and a fow Boco'nds after ho reappeared still in tho alligator's grasp and still ' fighting,' thon both went down under tho discolored water to reapr pear again — when, as tho on- looking islander reports, ?' Harry, dead, alligator take him by water ki-ki.' Harry, .was a lino, strong, well built, intelligent follow, arid gonerally considered equal . to a white man in a boat, or at ordinary work ; 'if ho had had any weapon ho would prp hubly l^ave saved Ins own life, and might havo hurt tho alligator badly. —Two years ago a Kanaka was takon whilst bathing, about a mile further up tho river, on the adjoining plantation. Tho Townsville mailman, Macphorson; -who carriod tho mail with wonderful pluck during last wot soaHon'7 has disappeared at Salt Water Creole whilo on his last.&ip.; Tho horse he rode has been found unhurt, ? lint his body 'has not been discovered, and alligators are numerous iji all tho crooks .at this season. Mistaking His Man. — The practice of .offer ing gratuitous importipence or insult to persons ,of other nationalty now and again meets with an unexpected check, and tho following is very illustrative of -tho fact :— A young gentleman— I supposo wo must so term him — was a few even. ings sinco riding ina Fiteroy cab, having for a fellow-passenger a respectable-looking Oh innman, and flippantly remarked to him, ''John, you sabbee, ridu in a cabbee.' Ho was sornowhat discp,]icorficd by au intimation from. tho i'.' Ohinoo' that if he (the gontlomanly Europoan) wished to converse with him ho (tho ' Ohinoe') would '?'?be happy to accommodate him in English, French, Italian, or Chinuso, but ho must decline a conversation in broken English ov slang. '?' Tho young man found himself in ii bach: seat 'in moro senses than one. Tho particular ' .Tohnv whoso privacy hud been intruded upon was Mr. Kong Mong, tho Chinese lnonjhant, whoso lingual ii'ccoinplishmonts.aro well known. — [Somo time ago Mr. .Thomas C.h(»ck ?T.png, of Gympio, startlud us with a volnblo outburst .of French. He also is an accomplished linguist. —Eo. G. T.] Butting on Criokbt.— ''Squavo Log,'1 an influential .writer in tl\o Sj/ifn/y itaJJ, .says: — j'low to prevent. -nottniig on cricket is a.nut very hard to crack, but I, think something could bo dono'to provent the 'knights of the -book and pencil' from making the game a moans of spoon lation and profit to thomsolves. It is stated, and I bolievo with jiome -truth, that tho -loading ?bookmaker of Melbourne hns.au interest in tho project which resulted in tho visit of the Eng lish cricketers to Australia.; and what is the result? The play of Grace and his team is lookod upon with the utmost distrust, and even when they score an easy victory tho public think ' they huvo all tho moro reason for saying that previous performances, whero thoy woro loss fortunate, wero not -.fair and aboveboard. The contamination of tho turf through .the presenco of tho betting .fraternity, who cling to it liko parasites, is ono of tho -insurmountable obstacles which threaten to reduce -horseracing to a ques of pounds, shillings, and pence ; and so it will bo before long with cricket if tho betting element onco gof s a footing. Tho remedy is with the public themselves, and if they decline to make wagors on cricket all doubt as to the botia Jiilcs of a big match will bo set at vest, and,tho book makers, baulked in their efforts, will have to find moro congenial. soil in caiTy on operations. In Melboi\tnoit was stated without much qualifica tion that each of tho English. professional play.ers received a vory largo monoy consideration to soil tho match, tho only reason for snch a. start- ling assertion being that a Mclbourno^buoknutker had money on the ovont, and that tho English men woro easily beaten. I think thoro is no foundation whatever for saying that the profes sionals woro ''brtbetf ; but if tho ' King of the Ring,' as ho is called in Victoria, and others who follow tho samo lino of business, turn their attention to cricket, there will bo (is n\uch un certainty .about (i match' asihero 'frequently is about a horso-raco upon which the bookmakers have made a plunge. — It was somewhat amusing to listen ito the ai^uso itho Jocal team (had to encounter subsequently for not succeeding in their bad intention .to obtain a drawn match, and J oven- heard -it ?hinted that -tljoy wore' paid to lose, as if the fif toon would have had a ghost of a chance ,to scoro a win if tho gnmo had beon played. out. 'I was, lot into. the secret a couple of days .afterwards, when my opinion was asked, about tho play on Saturday. I mildly suggested, that playing for ailrawn.game was not cricket, upon ..which my interrogator returned, '?' But wliat if you had £40 or £50 on the result ?' That was a ppser, for I had never boon in,s.|ich an-.unpleasant.prodicament, and could not oiit'er into his foolings. — After the somowliat scathing, consuro ,pasgecl upon the Euglish team ;in Vic toria, I-havo been quietly observing .their con duct hero, and although I cannot say that the ' champion of tho world' .and his companions G. 'F. Grace, iIJiish,iGil!}oi't, and~Boult boar tho impress of ' nature's noMomoti;' still I have Boon nothing -tp warrant tho. scurrilous attacks which 'have -boon publicly mado upon tlieniin vaiious quarters. AV. G.'s 'manners maynptbo' alljthat society may desiro, but manners, wore not,stipulatod for in tho agreement niade-by him with tho Melbourne promoters. Tlio.tonin wore engaged to play .criqkot, and if .the gentlonibn' and professional players .chose to revorso thoir respective socjal poRitipns. vjo havo littlo. to do .with it. Blondin in Australia. r-A .peculiar applica tion (wn loam from tho ' Tolograph') has ,boen mado to tho Minister of Lands by J. F, Blondin. Tho celebrated rope-walker has written from Calcutta, .requesting permission to perfpnn in one pf tho, public parks or gardens of Melbn\jrno, on condition that -he will givo a porfor(paijco on' beha|f , of the public oharitios of tjio.city. He stiv^Qs that, tho samo favor was granted tp him in London, Paris, St. Petorsburghjand othor capi .tal .cities of Eurppo, and concludes his letter thus.: — ' If I am assurod thiit.sueh favor will bo granted to me, I shall bo mpst 'happy to visit Melbourne, but my oxponsos aro so groat ..that) before undertaking such an expensive journey I must bo assurod of a placo tp perform in on my arrival. in your co.lpny.!' ' \ The Fiohtino Bishop.— A London correspond HH dent sayt} : Bislpp M'D.qujjallj who has just been, - |H[ appointed '.ciinon of Winchester' (having been flH called to task by tl:o Record fqr his conduct iij. BH May, 1862, on boivrd tljo Rainbow, when he ac- BU coni|)ai|ie4 the Rajah Brooko, being hiniRolf in BB (11-lioalth), has. addressed a letter to tho Bishop ?? of Winchoster in which ho says : — ' When tho ^B vessel full in with tho pirates, I had no choico wU but to remain where I was and' do tho best Jt ^B could to assist those I was with, both in defend- 'RH ing the vessel and our own lives, and in succour? jH ing the wounded, both frionds and foes, who, Hj came utidor my carp. To say thoro was no perr ' |B Hoiml dangor and no need of solf defence in a ^w ense whero a small vesfiol liko tho Rainbow (with H a, small crow and but lightly armed) wnsencoun- ?? f erect by so largo a forco of tho well-known and H greatly.-droa^ed pirates from tho Sqploo-Soa H shows tho utter ignorance of' the' writer in tho H .'Rficurd oi} the subject and is simply untrue. I H could easily got naval ollicors, and others well H acquainted' with thpjo piratus and tho caso in H ?[\io.stipn, to, assert tho same.' Ho further do; H ends himself from tho charge of being a party H man. Tho Bi3hop of Winchester, haying in- ? quirod into the facts says :— ?.' Bishop M'Dougaty H was on board tho Rainbow as a clergyman . and M physician (having originally boon educated in modi; B cine), to attend on the Rajah anci crew in both . H capacjtiqs, and also to' reconnoitre tlib coast witlj. H special roforenco to a new mission. The. Rainr I bow^ finding a town on the coast likely to bij H attacked by pirates, sailed to its defence. Pre: fl sontly it found itself (a vessel containing forty H ill-armed men) attacked by several yessols, I ^inbuiitmg at length te six, each containing ; about ? fifty well-armed lighting mon and' fifty 'rpwewu I It \vas a struggle for tno lives of all on board. ? ? and for the defence of the whole stftte: against I w rotchos whoso cruelty oxcoodo.d description. I In this omorgenciy, Bishop M'Dougall, though a I ijjan of peaco, thought ii liis .duty to' give his I counsel, and to, join with his own hands' in the I common defence.' People will judge differently I whethor even in the greatest extremity a Chrisr B .tian, and especially a missipnary bishop, can bo I justified .in defending his own life arid the lives I and' liberties of others by jusing arms. Thero is) I I beli.eyo, rip real ,do,ubt that .the .danger was I vory ^roa^ and the deliverance almost miracu-- I Ions: nxjr is there any doubt that Bishop I M'Dougall'a courage and counsels contributed I greatly to tho escapo o'f the cre.\v from death, tp I tho liberation of some 180 slaves' captured by I tho pirates, and to the' safety of the whole Slato I of Sarawak. I must le(ive others ,te judge I whether j^p '.\vas justified in such a case in taking I an unusual ^ndextren\e. course. As to the party ' ,. *J spirit attributed to him, lean state that sinco ho . ? I ha? .been my archdeacon 'he hasi not, to ray I knoyvledge, shown any. favour to any party. I I haye always found him' kindly, tolerant, ancj. , . I averse to all .extreme?.*' , The Duke's Marrjaoe and mhe Khiva Qukstion.— A home paper says :— As to our own Rpyal Family, there can be no doubt that tho Rnssp-Kliivan Treaty has caused profound dissatisfaction; Truthfulness ,is still a leading characteristic of the English race, and, being truthful fhomselves, our statesmen were perhaps too ready to believe tho solemn assurances of, the spocial me|senger and most trustod personal friend of the Czar, who - was sent- ovor here to assure ua that Uiere would be no pormanont .cpnquost. This assurance, it is well understood, was' made by Count Scho'uvalpff, not only toEar-1 Granville, but to Que^en Victoria in perspn. It is, therefore, not surprising tjiat both our Foroign Secretary and our Sovereign should feel grievously hurt by .th.o falsification of pledges so distinctly givon— just, tpo, at a time when, tho two rpyal houses of England arid Russia are about to become closely cpnnected. It is not prpbablo that private affection will haye tp givo way tp public resontmont, but this union, which, at ono timo bid .fair to be so propitious, symbol ising, as it sooinod-tojdo, an agreement between tho two grcate'st'European Powers in Asia, will lose all that happy significance, and be viewed with cpld indifference 'by the British public, if ,nofc with positive disapproval. Prince Arthur ' and the Sentjiy. — Tho ?'Daily i^ows' special correspondent in describ. ing tho arrival pf Sir Archibald Alispn and his ,aida-d»-,cainp at the steamerin which thejpiact ?Watch wore embarking for the Ashaptee \Vai*J flays' Behind , them comes ayoung.inan in plain, .clothes, but' he, it seems, cannot pass. The sergoapt .s.entry blooks the way with, -''I beg your p.ard.on, but my,orders.aro to allow .no civi lian to pass.' 'But I'm no- civilian,' .replies iho-young gentleman, laughing. ' lYou'ro not in \iniforin, sir,' porsistod' tho .inexorable sontryj ??' and my orders are strict.' 'I'm a captain in the Rifle Brigade, and my name's Prince Arthur,''' says the gentleinau in categorical satisfaction of, tho libnost sergeant, who ph this presents .no further obstacle. ' ? '?-???. NOVEI, T.RBA.TMENT. OP Cq5TSU-IPTION. — Dr. Oscar Hasse coinmnnicated tp arecent mooting pf Gertpan naturalists and^urgoonsat Wiosbadon a,ii ac,c,-?iii)t of certain interesting and important rosults which iho had obtained. tby transfusion of lamb's blopd in the treatment of disease. : Tho traiisfusipn was effected by means of two small glass tubes, pno inserted into the carotid artery of tlie lai\i.b, the otlior into ono pf the veins pf the patient, the two-tubes -being united by .nieans.pf d shovt' pipqe of indiarubber tube. This process Jias beon adopted by Dr. Hasg'p in. a, dozen cu.eds with mpre .or loss beneficial results, the most striking .pasos boing those of fivo con sumptive patients. -Some of them wore alroady confined ,to.tlie.ir bods, but in all iihercpughing and expectoration wero considerably reduced iinmodiatoly .after tho twnafjuaipn, the '?hectic fovor ceased, the appetite became very good, and tho strength rapidly returned,' sp that the patipnt.8 wore soon able tp riso and go .about their ordinary business.' T]\p .local symptoms still continued improving. -The transfusion itself is .accompanied by some rather nnploasant effects, ibufc .those aro'quiteitransitory, .whilst the benefit appears to bo permanent. - ? - Turf Winnings for' 1873. — The tabulated roturns pf English .winning' .owners' give -Mr. ? ? Lefevro as leader, with. nearly £26,000 for 105 successes j and Mr. Merry follows with, ;in,round ? nnmbors, £20,QP0, jfpr:liut Sp victpries. Indeed',-: tho lists of fartu.nate, proprietors givo a very gopd ? idea of tho difforonco in the value pf turf. prizes ; and, as shqning how.jby one woll planned coup more inay bo takon — to say nothing of the ibQt- ' ting connected with great events— than ,by fifty littjo successes,, are decidedly worthy [pf .study. The position of Mr. Lefevro, who ne,ve,r ihets, and (Wijio runs his horses p;iute independently ,qf tho market, is particularly .gratifying, and Mr. Merry is sufficiently a, publio'.favor'ite to makp ?his, second place satisfactory to record. The Blaok Watch Without Breeoheh. — The ' Nprth 'British Mail.' commenting on tho dopartnro pf the 42nd Highlanders fpr the Ashantoo War, and the order prohibiting them from fighting in kilts, says ;— We doultt the oxpe dioncy of this innovation. Warriors db hoi like arinpur which they have not proved.; a'nd if it bo ' ill taking tho'brei)l-.s.pffaHighlandman,' it is infinitoly worse pntting.the,m.rm him.-lfhe 'Forty Twa' with trousors will be a p.'uelanpmaly, .espe' ciallyas.iocprkt advices indicatothatourtroopswill havo to jpo . sw^ft;, of f oqt boforo they can .bring the enemy to close quarters. That the dads without their kilts will do thoir duty, jio matter how tulverso tho oiroumstances, is a matter of course.; but it is sprapwhat hard to -'(taiglo'' iheni .witji breoks. ' ''?'!''.' ' . ..... ' 'Object' of a Newspaper. — The first issues of new journals usually contain artioloa explana tory of the .objects of the .proprietors. An Amerioan papor is thus oandid : — ' The objoct in viow in. tho establishment of this paper is (ho ,]-rocuring of moans wherewith .to buy b,ri8»id-andl -butter and good clothos.' ' ' 