Stockton Annual Regatta. _.£te»{dentAM-KfftToung, Hoif. trJasurfir, Mr. A.-*jt. :'gtoifayzlton.~ secretary, Jlr.-r.- -yy. HugKesT .'Committee : Messrs S. Smith, J. Chilvers, T. Delriba'ye, J. Roper, A. Edvrards, W: Tonguo ; J. Rac, W. J. Fraser. The endeavours of the committee to ensure a good day's sport on Boxing Day were well re warded. There were no less than nino races on tho' programme which .was. fully carried out. The shipping in the harbour, especially in the vicinity ot tno iiooparcll, was gaily decorated, and the Rooparell itself, which had been kindly placed at the disposal of the committee by Cant. Sandberg, was admirably adapted for a flagship. The very considerable space between the poop and forecastle afforded abundant opportunity for dancing, which was carried on vigorously throughout the day by the enthusiastic votaries of Terpsichore, who thronged the decks of the noble ship. It will be remembered that this vessel, which is a first-class iron clipper of 1050 tons, arrived here on tho 11th August lust, in a very dilapidated condition, having been dismas ted, and otherwise injured, on her voyage from Melbourne. The contrast between her shattered' appearance on her arrival on that occasion, and her present one, has been preserved by Mr, Roberts, in some of his photographic sketches. The tout ensemble on bbard_ oh Saturday list was very striking, and must Eave been highly gratifying' to thaiCommitteo. v. -..' Tho whole of Stockton presented also a very gay appearance, the Rooparell being regarded with no common interest by the dwellers therein - on account of her having been for such a' con siderable timo under repair at Mr. Macquarie's patent slip. In fact, she had only been re launched from the slip a few hours before the regatta took place, otherwise it had beon the in-, tention of Captain Sandbcrg to have made greator preparations for this aquatic festival. As it was he evinced the greatest hospitality and consideration for the iiumerous concourse of persons who visited the Koopnrcll on. Satur day last, the whole of the vessel, from the saloon to the forecastle, being thrown open to the public. j Every convenience had been 'provided ^by the' Committee ' for an easy landing on board, and snortly uetore eleven o clock: tue regatta^ com menced. The Lambton Amateur Brass Band diversified the proceedings with some excellent music duringKthe day. Mr.. Ro.Der.act«d-ajL itarter, ' ' ' , . ? ' One capital feature in the ~. regatta was the genuineness of the racing. There. waa'no doubt as to each crew doing their best to win, and the result was, some excellent pulling in every case. There was some demur at the decision of tbe Umpire as to the winner of the Sailing Match', in the. eighth race, but this -was;' afterwards satisfactorily settled. The following is, a de tailed account of tho rowing : — ., j... , First \Race, at 11 o'clock. — For Tonths 'under ' 16 years of age, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies, not exceeding 18 foot overall. First prize 20s., second prize 10s. Course : from the flagship round a boat moored off the :. .' dyke ; from thonoe round a boat moored;off . the Smelting Works, and back1 to flagship. G«orgo Hughes ... AUrm ...Green & white ? 1 WUUam Hoyd ..- Uttlo JJUI ... Blno ... .?„ ... o John' Turner — Emma ... Blue and white ? 3 Betting even--. . ? ? : ? . ' ...:..,' , The Black Shag entered but did not start. The boats got away well together amidst the cheers of the people on shore and on board the flagship. ' Th,ey kept very .well together, for' a short distance, but the Little Bill gave in when off Scott's Point,. and tho, pace then lay between Hughes and Turner. The Alarm, however, got away first, and maintained the lead throughout the whole distance and came, in an easy winner. Second Race, at half-past eleven. — 3?or -All- comnri of Stockton, pulling single Sculls, in bona fido working waterman's skiffs. Sweep ' of 10a'., with £3 added. The second boat to ? save his sweep. Course samo'as No. 1. William Tongue ... Curlew ... Blue ? .. .,1 T. Campbell .. Hunter :.. Blue and white ... , ? S B.C»mpb«U .. Seagull ... White ? ' ?? - ? ? . \ i v .. ? .. . ' ' .. : / '- -J' -1 This was a capital race, and well contested by Tongue andT. Campbell. The former p,,,,ed the flagship first and was the first to round the boat off the Dyke, but was closely followed br T. Campbell in the Hunter, R. Campbell giving in shortly after passing the flagship. ? The rC* lew andkunte rfkept well tbgeW, but Camp'. bell could not succeed in reaching his opponent and the Curlew came in a winner by two boat's lengths. ? ? ' Third Eace, at 12.15.— for All-comers who have never won an advertised prize, pullW a pair of sculls ia boats not exceeding 18 feefc over all/ First prize, £3, second pW 15s. Course same as No. 1. * FrancliHughM...AUrm...Rreen -lc wklU Peter Uill...SUrt... White .. ... '„? ? : 1 Tom 8tratton...Sudden Jork...Orango ... .'. ~ '? 2 They got away at the sound of the gun'jn capital order, Hughes taking the lead, closely followed by Hill, who was a boat's length aheaa of btratton, as they passed the stern of the flae ship. 'In this order they reunded the boat but soon after Sudden Jerk began to fall back, and the. Start and Alarm soon left her without anv chance of winning. The race was well contested till the end, when it was cleverly won by Hushes Fourth Race, at 1.15.— For All-comers, puilin* two pair of sculls, with coxswain, in licensed watermen's skiffs. ? First prize £6, seoond prize 20s. Course same as No. I, twice over. Martin and Thos. Jordan ... Sailor PrInoe...Whlte...Cox. Bwaln, £. Ahem.... ... .... , W. Tongue & A. SIlner...Curlew...Blue and White ..Coil This was a capital race throughout. -The Cur low was the favorite at starting. The Hunter was entered but did not put in an appearance at the time specified, and rather than disappoint the public the corn mitteo authorised tbffraee to take place with only two competitors. Tlie Sailor Prince toot the lead aud was first round tho Dyke Buoy, the Curlew being only two lengths behind. On starting Sailor Prince had tho inside berth, but as they passed the flair ship the Curlew got inside, but could not over take the other, and never succeeded in doine so, and the Sailor Prince won by four lengths Fifth Race, at two o'clock.— For youths under J9 years, pulling a pair of sculls in din^ies not exceeding 18 feet overall. First prize £2 10s., second prize 15s. Course sume ai jNo. 1. Richard Ku|{lies...Catcli him If you can...It«d and whlto 1 Thomas lllbon...Lon|( Cihoat... White ... who.. 1 Hugh e»r...Orlio3t...Mue A whlto ... ..' '', '' J In this instance an excellent start wns effoctcd The Alarm was entered but did not start. Tho Long Ghost got away first, but wus hotly pur sued by the other two, and before they reached the first bxoy the Ghost had obtained first place, which he maintained for soino time, but was then passed by Hughes and the Long Ghost these two kept together nearly all the way in passing the flagship the second time, but Hughes got the lead and then kept it right through beating Gilson by two boats lengths, the Ghost being like many of its namesakes, ' nowhere.' t Sixth Race, to start at 2.-15. — For All- comers . pulling four pairs of sculls in butchers1 boats, with coxswain. First prize, £10; second prize, 40s. Course same as No. 1, twice over. Lorn Bride... W. Tongue, A. Miner, P. HM, J. Olendln nlng: Cowwaln, H. Boyco... UI110 ?''''?' Spy...M Jordon, T. Jordon, Cieorge Norrie, J. Norrie'; Coxswain, T. Ahern... White ... ... o Oqlden Spur..T. Waldron, W. Wrinker, William Leath'am' A. Ldwards; Coxswain, A. Bruce. ..Red aud hluo. 3 A good start was effected, and they all passed the stern of tho flagship together, the Golden Spur breaking away first, but the Spy shot past her, and was first round the red flag in the boat near the dyke, the Sun Bride second, and the Spur behind. In this order they returned till they reached the buoy near tho smelting works, tho first time round, when the Golden Spur gave in, the Spy being the first round the buoy, but the Lorn Jiride caught up to her and passed her before reaching the flagship. This position sho kept, with the Spy close at her heels all the way round. ^ Ar. tlie£_§pproaehetl tlw flagship the last time', thePLorn Brida put on a spurt, and rrnn-hy Sow iou6i,u»,-— uitoao iiincn cneering. Seventh'Race, at tf.3O.— Foe. AU-comors, who have never won an advertised prize, pulling two pair of sculls, with coxswain, in licensed waterman's skiffs. First prize, £5 ; second prize, 20s. l)lueskin..T. Chilvers and J. Foster; Coxswain, H. Boyce Uhance..iH, Carr and Charles Gllion ; Co'iswa!n,'T. Bruce Blue and whlto. ... ... n E-llth...Georgo Forater and William Leatham ; Coxswain T. Ahem... White. , . . Hunter ...J. Norrie and T.Strstton; Coxswain, E. Campbell... Orange and purple ?; This was a very exciting contest. Shortly after the start tho Edith and Hunter gayp in, and a splendid race occurred botween the Curlew and Blueskin. The latter rounded the Dyke boat first, but the Curluw stuck close to her through out, and considerable interest was manifested as sho seemed at times to be overtaking Blueskin. Pluck, however, .was not sufficient to overcome tho steady stroke of Chilvers and Foster, and Bluoskin won the race butby only two leneths. Eighth Race, at 4 30. — Dingies under enmas, not exceeding 18 feet overall. First prize, £6, second prize, 40s. Course : From flag ship round a boat moored 'off. tho dyke, round the beacon off the shoots, round tho black buoy, and from thence' to flagship, twice over; to leave all buoys- and beacons as directed. ....... Bound.to Duck'em... W.BJnkcr. ; ... ... 7..' ... 1 MegMerrilies.-.S.-Sintth ? 2 Annie... A. Young ' .--??? There was some misunderstanding. as to tho start,* and also as to the course. The Annie took the bad, and maintained it .till passing the flagship the second time, when Meg Merrilics passed her, and she in her turn w,as left behind by Rinker's boat, wheh was finally, declared- the' winner, Meg Merrilics , second,' ;'.. ... -. ?' - ' *finth Race.— ^Tnb-ranfl. far* «Tl.nnrrinr-t. Priza. 20s. - .'.- : R.' Hughcs...Soapjrads...Iled & white ... ... .... ... 1 O. Morrls...Water BruUer...Blue ? _ . ? 2 Alexander HUl...l'unch... White ... ' ... ? 3 A. Chatflolcl...01anaminer...Or»nje This race, although only a short one, caused considerable merriment. The course was 200 yards, and the race was won by R. Hughes, G. Morris second, the other two being capsized, to the great amusement of the spectators. -, Tenth Race.— Gig and Dingy Race. ? Prize, 40s; ' A. Richardson, Bowman of Gig. , ' , T. Jordon, la.DIagy. . ? r— _ ??:*-??- -' — \- Tmrwtf9~if very 'brief affair. After one or two harrow escapes, Richardson managed to get the , bow of his gig under the .nose of Jordan's.dingy, and capsized it, precipitating Jordan into the water. Richardson leaped after him, and a race took place in the harbour, which resulted in the capture of Jordan by Richardson in a few minutes. ? ' ..: ? ??. : ? The Greasy Bowsprit. — Post entrance. TWQ ? prizes of 10s. each. ' ? This concluded the iports. Jn arranging the position of' the flag at the en.d of the bowsprit, an enthuBtaatio committee?man missed his foot, ing, and performed an involuntary somersault into the water, whiob provoked unrestrained laughter from 'the crowd. Ho, however, soon . iwam ashore, and met his disaster in the best temper possible, shaking his clothes dry after tho manner of a good-natured Newfoundland log, and joining in the mirth which his involun tary immersion had occasioned. 