NON-SMOKERS. (Fm tle dAthenoum and Daoty Ness-Afadrae.) The nesed question of smoking never can fail to interest those who dosmoke. Your true smoker loves isweed and isjealous of its reputation. He likes to feel that it is going up in the world's estimation, and he is tever better pleased then when he lights upon some new argument in lavour of smoking, or, better still, on the testimbny 'of an acknowledged authority to-theadvantages derivable from it. He knows that tobaeco, like every other good thing, has its eneomies. Be also knows that not a few of the fiereest and most impleeable of these enemies have formed tlomeselves in'to a orporation yolept the Anti-Tobacco Society, and that they have bound themselves to use their beet efforts to suppress what they, poor, deluded creatures, deem an evil and a eurso. But he -ares not. He calmly pute their faots and their figures into his pipe, and smokse on undisturbed. And truly it would seem that there is nothing more utterly delusive and misleading as the statements of anti-smokers, except perhaps their statietics. Some of their assertions as to the baneful effects of smoking are bad enough, in all conb?ience, but their flgures are, if possible, worse. We remember once entering into a simple calculation of a few etstietieal results furnished by some "eonnter-blast" or other, against tobiooo.. They had referene to the amount of deadly posson inhaledwith every pipeful of the noxious weed, andware adduced to show how that, sooner or later, the unhappy viotim must yield up the ghost not to old :age or disease, but to that fell enemy of mankind \--Nicotine. But the writer did not make his figures go half so far as they would done, if he had only pushed the inquiry. We pushed it for him, and without the exercise of eminent mathematical ability, olearly proved that an ordinary smoker ought not to live an brdinary life time. He ought to die off quite early, and probably be would do so were he not bent uponspihpg his enemies: theanti~-mokers. As it is, a moderate smoker, by the time he is sixty or so ought to inate died two or three times, if not more. Wnhen we find snob a one still in the faseeh, we are to conclude that he has suoceeded in cheating the devil, nicotine, by what means, we leave it to anti-tobacco statistics tosay. t here is one thing that is excessively annoying in a large numnber of non-smokers. They have no word too hard or abusive for those who do not agree with .them. According to their "dozy" smoking is every thing that is bad, and so are smokers. But let n smoker take one of these rod hot opponents in hand, and leading him gently, but firmly back to the days of his youth, push the Inquiry whether he ever tried to smoke. It will not often prove difleult to elicit an affirmative reoly to this question, which should he at ones followed by--"Why did you tivo it upP" "Oouldn't go on with it." "Why not " " Didn't agree with me." Here will end the conversation, but the imagination, strong and untrammelled and on couraged by frequent puffs, will conjure up before the smoker.the image of his opponent as tie appeared twenty years ago, when he endeavoured to smoke his frst pipe, and "it didn't agree with him." The pipe did not agree with him, so be made up his mind not to agree with the pipe. Hence his forced abhtinence from tobacco. Bence, also, his opposition to those who indulge in it. It is the old story of the foT and the grapes over again, with this addition, that the ant.ismoker not only abuses the grapes because be cannot reaolh them, but he likewise abuses all those who, being taller than hlmself, can do so. But this is not the only small thing that your ra. inc anti smoker descends to. He tries to make you believe that you are a ruffian and " no gentleman," because you sometimes smoke in ladies' society, with their sweet permission, of course. Their permirsion, he tells you, matters nothing. Of course they do not like to say "no," so they put up with it, dear suffer' ing creastures that they are, all the time enduring the most horrible agonies of suffocation, and even worse, from the fumes of your cherished-but to them exe erable-chernot. This touches you in a tender point, and you wonder whether after all it may not be true. For your comfort, then, receive our omniscient edi torial assurance that it is not true. Ladies object to emokine under certain circumstances, and so do men, aye and men-smokers too. Tobacco fumes oozing from curtains and cushions " next morning" are abominable, all will admit, and so is smoking in a cloped-up room, and so are bad cheroots. There are cirnumstances under which tobacco-smoking becomes an offensive habit, but at the same time they are circ aoumtanees under which very few men who care for comfort or cleanliness do smoke. .Under favourable conditions there are few ladies who really object to the smell of a fragrant cigar. Of one thing there can be little doubt, and that is that the majority of ladies-those who are really nice and jolly, you know-are wicked enoush to prefer emokers to non.smokers, all other thines being equal. There idea is that all good fellows smoke. They may be wrong of course-we have our opinion on the sub ject, but prefer to remain silent. There are some ladies, on the other hand, who really cannot endure smoking. That their ohjeetion to it is unaffected, the reality of their sufferiage when brouoht under its in fluence clearly shows. A man would be a brute to persist in indulging his liking for tobacco in the pre sence of a lady of this description. To smoke to any one's annoyance-whether that annoyance be real or simulated-is bad taste, amounting in the former case to insult, in the latter to a selfish reliance on your own judgment of the reality or otherwise of another per son's feelines, which is just as likely to prove wrong as right. Still, it is horribly provoking to be told to put out your cigar by some fair tyrant who does not dis like smoking in the least, but imagines that it is rude, or some such nonsense, for a gentleman to smoke in her presence. It would be a poor look-out for smokers if such as these held universal sway. After what we have written, it is scarcely necessary to say that we are not members of the anti-tobacco society. We consider that smoking in moderation is a habit to be defended upon the ground that it is a good one. It is a mistake to proceed upon the sup position that it is a bad habit, to be bolstered up by the best excuses that may be found for it. Tobacco was made to be smoked, just as much as grapes were intended to be made into wine, or malt and hops into beer. A man may smoke too much, just as he may take too much liquor or eat too muoh dinner, and in each case his sufferings will bear an exact proportion to the extent of the excess. The common experience of millions of men testifies to the virtues of the divine weed, and this testimony grows and gathers strength with the course of time. And may it ever so increase. The burdens lightened by tobacco, the sorrows assuaged by it, the griefs which it has healed, the muddled heads it has cleared, the knotty problems which have been solved under its influence, the witty sayines it has provoked, the comfort, quiet, and ease it 'daily gives to thousands, all cry out in its favour, and drown the ravings of the red-hot anti-tobacconist. 