THE iSNrXhfb DEATH OF GEORGE . M w ;: THE THIRD. During, the reign : of George the Third Eng land bad|to"hnderRp 'the revolt of. the American colon jeshtci': submit to "defeat ; to shake under the ypleario' of ! the : French Revolution ; to grap1e|;srid' fight for the life willt her gigautioi enemvNapoleon ; to gasp and rally after that 1 tremendbu4< struggle ; the old society, with its, courtly splendour, ;had to pass away ; geuera- tions ,-pf 7.stateamen tp rise and disappear ; Pitt to foflo yphatyiiYn !fo the tomb ; the memory of- Rodney ' apdv.LVrolfe .tq be.' Buoceeded by Nelson ; andiVEellijiKtbu'g.glory"; ',thp old poets who unite ,ua to- Queen ANine's time had to sink into their -gSSS7;1 Dr -'Joh'ri'sdri to die, and Seott and 'JByrpri t?.1 eriae Garrick to qeligbt the world f'ftlth;iii!'''»ailirig: dramatic geniris ; end Keen, -to", leap 'on the stugei'arid take possession of (be jastouisned theatre. S'eam had to he io vented ; (hinge, tp.be beheaded, deposed, reatored ; Napo leon to.be but- an episode ; and George the Third' . dai to be alive, through all these varied changes, .t'd acootnpany hia paople.througli those revolu tions of thought, government, society, and 'survive out of the old world into ours. Afier; yd'escribing Some of the court scenes of that time,' ' rind j ; t h e:.e m i pen t characters that ffoiiriehed Jdurinrg':j the (reign, and the spirit of tho monarch: ' beaj 'N orth and Fox, and even bpund the: "stately neck of Pitt," By his indomitable detcr- .jnipaliton, (Mr; Thackeray sketched the king's: ',ppeoiaiu.affectipn.(or the Princess Amelia, whose: , death finally :Oy.erset his reason, so that from tliei glOth bpf, iNoye'mber, 1810, be ceased to reigu.; "History," thus concluded the lecturer, "pre-i kerita noiiddei1 picture than that old man, blind 1 'arid- 'deprived of reason, wandering through liia "alrio'e,;'' haranguing imaginary parliaments, and ''re'Viewirig glipatly troops. He became deaf too. i!AIl:aieht, all rea'soD, all sound of human voices, ' all liie'pleaaure'of this world of God, were taken (.froip him. - 3ome slight lucid moments he had ; v intone "bf-T.wliioli the queen desiring to see him, entered; the. room, and found him. singing a hymn,: .and accompanying himself on the harp- sl'oh'ordr;;; When finished, he kneeled down and prayed t aloud for her and for his family, and tlienjfor 'the nation, concluding with a prnyer for jiimself, .that God would avert his heavy oalamity> from : him, but if not, that He would give vbiiri resignation to submit to it. He then -b.uret; /into -tenre, arid his reason again fled. jWhaV preacher need moralise on this story 1 What words, ;sayo. the simplest, arc requisite to tell jt. It is top terrible for (eare. The. thought " 'of ''si oli'.1 iriiabry amiteB us down in subiniaaiou «lBifo.fbftlio 'Ruler of ' kings and men, the Mon arch Supreme over erapirea and republics, the 'jinqrutable Dispenser of life, death, happiness, urid victory.,- -Oh ! . brothers I said to those who lieajqlrnie 'in' America Ob '. brothers, speaking tjipiparae mother-tongue. Oh ! comrades, sue- iiniea lno more, let us take a mournful band to gether as: we stand by this royal corpse, and call, a trnoo' lo battle. Low he lies, to whom, the' 'proudest- used to kneel once, and who was aaof-rln ii/n - lltati <thn tvAnvnat Itn wli/im millinnn prayed over in vain. Driven off his throne, buffeted by rude hands, with his children in re- vult, 'the darting of bis old age killed before him, old Lear bangs over breathless lips, and "chUb — '.Cordelia, Cordelia, stay a little ; vex not 'Bis ghost, Oh I let him pass, j " Ho hates him 3 . Thqt;. would, upon tho rack of this rough world, J Stretch him out longer. teusli.-eltrifeund.quarrel, over the solemn gravo. fSouud,.'trump«ts, a mournful march! Fall,' Mark ujiurtaiu, upon bis; pageant, his grief, his Ipride, | to .awfttl. .Iiagedy !— Thaoktray's Lecf ttdfsir - : 