SMALL CONYJENTIONALITIES. . Roughness and sincerity are by j no means the same thing. Clever rogues have quite as often done business -by a mask of roughness and bluntntiss; as by fair speech and flattery; JV'ia, indeed easier to assume bluntness successfully, than it is to cajole a man, in any 'way difficult to steer, to yield to our wishes. The conventional usages of society are in themselves very worthless things, but when made a barrier, as.rhey are* around the more delicate feelings of men, 'they act a very excellent part in the course of things. All hail! ye sweet small cour tesies of life, cries one ; they lace - like air-' cushions — there is nothing - in - them, but they ease : the jolts in life's journey . wonderfully well. A ; .scrupulous ; eon- - science sometimes boggles at a conven- ' tionalism, asbeing next door to a; lie ; and in this view one hardly knows where to draw the line at which* blunt truth should take the place of conventional excuse. Here are we, for example, trying to find something that will please ana pront our readers, ana we eee^a bore approaching- the house. We know him of old ; he is lineal representative of ' Horace's ' leech that would stick to the lf skin till it was gorged with -blood:*' We know well he has nothing to say-; at least all that, is new: with him is not true, and all that is true is not' new. What is to be done? Shall we say that we are not at home? But then to say so would be either con ventional, or false. Shall we say we are engaged ; .but then, in he comes— won't detain us a minute— just to say how d?ye do ; and then he site down, or fusses about, playing the bull in the ohina^shop - with all our ideas, and hating swept - our shelves into, one great wreok— he won't detain us any longer. Have we saved ? truth now, or avoided hypocrisy ? It is very doubtful. We sat, sinibng staid smiles, while our temper was that of raving fury; but what could we do? onouia we, . tnen, nave senttne. .man an . evasive answer T This ? may do, but then ; . it will depend on the servant what thai, answer 'shall he.' A gentleman in Ireland ... told his servant-t^Si^ a ^dreaded- visitor an evasive answer. In the course of the afternoon, seeing Pat ehuckling inordi nately, he enquired what the ftin, 'ifita, and learned that it was the patnesa of Pat's evasive answer. ... 'I.touli him,9' said Bat, exploding, '_that his grand ' motner was a monkey, an' x slammed : 'the door in his face.' Rather ; too evasive, that answer, we fancy. .On the' '' whole tile question is very difficult/ p-nfl the honorable way out of it is. that which - we heard an old Quaker gentleman tak-i, ? ? saying gravely— 'John Smith, rthea , talks a great deal too much, and ihee -:'V doesn't talk sense.'1 A little of thia seasoning would really be a fine addition to our conventionalities. ???? - ; ' - : Then, as to the titles and epithets.'^dch are in common use ^rnring tu£ ; delicate, consciences .sometimes., protest ; against ? thesel. Some among us scruple at giving tiie title of Reverend to certain' persons - ~ usually thus described, No^dfeubt 'tfiV Ijpiffiet is scareelj irae ; 'the word means that weyirtand in great fear of these persons, tut the fact is we do not ; *nofc a bit of It. Then the perplexity' becomes greater Should we have to address a Very JL6verend- a Bight Reverend, a Most Reverend ; we do not know that Sidney Smith's suggestion that a, Rural Dean should be a *' Rather Reverend ' has ever been carried out. But are we really all iqnaking witth dread before these excellent men ? If not, why use these titles 1 On the contrary, if we disuse them, where shall we stop ? ? Esquire must go, in most ?eases, for few are they who, either in -truth or in law, are enquires. Gentleman must go, in other cases, in like manner. Mister (for; Master) next ; how absurd to Mister people whom we would not humor by croBBing the road at their bidding. Sir, if everybody will keep in mind that it is precisely equivalent to old fellow, being a form of senior, may be allowed to stand,' the' two forms of address being understood to be equally respectful. But ?we must have an end of ' ' obedient humble ' servant' in letters, and a great many other words and gestures which (like rags and straw in packing glass) save many a regretful fracture. The whole of this hunting expedition, which has started such a lot of game, but killed nothing, will yet be useful, if it clear this in any one's mind, that an intention to deceive is the es sence of untruthfulness. Tt is morbid scrupulosity, therefore, to object to mere formalities which please many and hurt none. Most people enjoy having a handle to their name, and there really is no harm meant, nor done, by giving them what they wish. Very proud folks and very lowly ones may do without any title or epithet. Christina, the clever Queen of Sweden, wrote to Bayle : — ' 'HerMajesty does not find you lacking 'in due respect when you call her 'simply Christina; she has rendered ' the name so illustrious that she needs ' no added distinction ; the most noble ' and august- of titles which should ac ' company it can add nothing to its splen ' dor.' In similar self-denial John Todd, of Portsmouth, wrote to a cor respondent who had addressed him as Mr., not to do so again. The next letter came directed Esq. John's answer was to say* imperatively, that he must be ad dressed as ' John Todd, without either ' head or tail, Portsmouth.' And the answer came so addressed exactly, to the infinite diversion of the postman and of John Todd's -clerks, but -perhaps not to the extreme satisfaction of their em ployer. There are some curious anomalies in the use of titles. The most exalted of mere subjects in the Empire, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, cannot (thanks to that Pope in petticoats, Queen Elizabeth) raise his spouse above simple Mrs. The Judges in Scotland are under the same misfortune. The wife of Lord Balgray, for instance,, lived and died Mrs. Wil liamson ; as the pair of them found to their chagrin once when a virtuous land lady ordered them out of her house, be cause she would not have no such shame less goings-on in it. Then, what heart is so hard as not to pity a Lord Mayor of London, the fgreatest man in the greatest city of the greatest Empire in the world, when,- if her should miss a Baronetcy or knighthood, he must return to plain Mr.? It would be cruel to hint at the feelings of the Lady Mayoress in the said event. Even therein, however, an ingenious man -could find consolation, as did one of these .magnates when his year of office was over, and he was breaking his trouble by a : sojourn in Paris ; he got on his visiting cards 'feu Lord Maire de ' Londres' — a small mistake, seeing that feu, though it does mean late, means that in the sense of deceased. It was very ingenious surely to take the dignity of a revenant, a ghost, for the time ; and it made him very popular in Paris. After all, Paris is the grand head quarters of the crusade against conven tional titles. The men of the Commune: showed how thoroughly they were at one with the men of the first revolution in their hatred of all that could put one man above another. A man was a citizen, a woman a citizeness ; that was all. The stripping off of all conventional titles was a troublesome business ; amusing, too, at times. A gentleman wanted to leave Paris when the revolution was getting the upper hand. He asked, a passport, and gave his name a3 Monsieur le Mar quis de Saint Cyr, But the official ob* jected; ,*'we have no Monsieurs now.' ' Le Marquis.' ' Bah ! titles are abo lished.' 'Saint Cyr, then.' 'No! no Saints now.' 'Oh, well, Cyr then.' 'Blue death, thousand thunders, no! Sire (same sound as Cyr) is what they said to Louis Capet — to behind with your Sire,' ' What, then, shall I call me?' said the puzzled noble, thus kicked downa long flight of stairs, 'nameless?' ' Yes, that will pass. Go.' / Will our people :ever come~to this state of mind? We do, not believe it. We sometimes hear a sneer at titles, no doubt, but as we know the sneerers have generally plenty to sneer at them, there is not much to dread from them. . As the old poet puts it— ?-..'. Great fleas have little fleas Upon their backs to bite 'em, - ? And the little fleas have lesBer fleas, And so, ad infinitum. ~ Let any man win his spurs honorably, and we shall let him wear them plea santly; both he and the world will be the richer, both by the winning and the wearing. . ? A Service of Song illustrative of Jhe exodus of the children of Israel from Egypt was given in the Archer-street Wesleyan Church on Wednesday evening, September 9. A temporary platform had been added to that permanently erected, thereby giving the -choir of young people th* whole width of the upper end of the Church. The Bev. J. T. Simpson presided; and gave the connective readings very effec tively. The choir consisted of some 150 or 200 children,' and the hymns, 17 in number, were rendered with much precision and spirit. Mr. Past, who conducted, had certainly exhi bited much perseverance and patience in train ing the children, time being kept throughout very correctly. Mr. Warhurst, presiding at the organ, ^contributed much to the success of the entertainment by bis careful and ? able mani pulation of that instrument. There, was & large, attendance, the Church being well filled by an appreciative audience. Mr. Simpson dosed the proceedings by a few well chosen remarks, in vrhiohJie asked those present to express -Ihelr oppnynationof the performances of the children, which request was followed by an Instant re #ponMlntb'e form of hearty applause. 