ttfcCH OP THE HOLY TRINITY, Westbury. 0 p ENINQ CEREMONIES. Tlu ^ednesday » MAT 20. oiim,! Je "i g ^ day fixed for the solemn "i-clf at ! w th ° new Roman Catholic I'opJiJfW, by the Most Rev. eiviue fzi ^pgementswere made he <*ial effort«t ceremonies, and ^ aa Z e made wnder the , Possible Pe mt ct aad attractive • ° d thfi ii .programme insermon by the Very Rev. Julian Woods, of New South Wales, now on a visit to Tasmania; and a service with sermon in the evening. For some years past it has been the earnest endeavor of the Rev. J. Hogan, the Catholic pastor of Westbury, ana his congregation to secure a building for the worship of Almighty God commensurate with the growing necessities of the people, and the more modern ideas of church architecture. The old wooden church has outlived its purpose, and the procuring of anew building has been forced upon the members by irresistible circumstances. The revered pastor has proved himself equal to the emergency, and the work commenced some years ago, through the instrumentality of Father Hogan, aided and encouraged by friends outside as well as within the membership, has been so far brought to completion as to be in a fit state to be opened for Divine worship. The state of the timeB did not permit of the erection of the church as a consecutive work. It was thought prudent not unduly to press. the completion, whilst the badness of the seasons and the losses of the settlers had evidently impoverished those who desired a suitable house in which to worship God, but whose wishes outran their means for the time being. In all this the people had the advantage of the wise counsels of their pastor, who, however, availed Himself, in the meantime, of every opportunity of adding to the building fund, Father Hogan at the outset having, as will be remembered, shown his personal sympathy by the liberal donation of £100 placed on the foundation stone. As was to have been expected, such a noble display of zeal for the Lord's House had the effect of stimulating the liberality of others ; and we are informed that Protestants as well as Roman Catholics have vied with each other in subscribing to the funds, when appeals have from time to time been made to them. Our space will not allow of elaboration on these traits of religious sympathy at Westbury. Both in the dedication sermon and at the ban- quet in the afternoon, judicious reference was made to these things, and it was an evident matter of pride and congratulation that a building so capacious, substantial, and ornamental had at length attained to such a state as to forbid the longer delay of the opening ceremonies. In order to facilitate the transit of intending visitors, arrangements were made with the Railway Manager for a special train to leave Launceston at 2.45 p.m., calling at intermediate stations, and returning from Westbury at 9 o'clock. By the ordinary morning train, at 8 o'clock, a large number of persons started from Launceston, including several of the clergy, and many members of the choir and string-band. The heavy downpour of rain during the night, and the consequent gloom of the morning, not forgetting a vast amount of mud that had been washed into heaps by the water in the surface drains, no doubt induced many persons to halt between two opinions with regard to carrying out their previous determination to proceed to Westbury. Discreetly, the promoters had no idea of postponing tiie ceremony, although reasonable doubts might have been entertained of something like a failure, owing to the threatening state of the weather. However, the crowded condition of the platform at the chief station showed that many were undaunted by difficulties, and determined to encounter them in a brave spirit; and they were fully justified in their resolve, as no sooner had the train made a start than the bright blue sky betokened a clearing of the weather, and no more rain fell during the day. At Perth, several more clergymen were in waiting, having arrived by the mail, and at several other stations there were accessions to the number of Westbuiy-bound passengers. On arriving at the picturesque township, everything was astir, and although it wanted a full hour to the time announced for commencing, the precincts of the church were thronged with persons from all parts of the district, anxious for the opening of the doors. It is time, however, to give a brief description of THE BUILDING, which has been erected from plans designed by Mr Henry Hunter, architect, of Hobart Town. It is plain Gothic, built of stone, and is calculated to seat comfortably 800 persons, not too large for the expected requirements of the congregation. It contains a Nave, seventy-six feet by thirty-one feet three inches ; two Transepts, each twenty-three feet by thirteen feet; Chancel, twenty-six feet by twenty-three feet; Sacristy, eighteen feet by fourteen feet; Tower Entrance, nine feet by nine feet; Baptistry, ten feet by ten feet; Lobby, ten feet by ten feet ; approach to Organ Gallery, ten feet by ten feet. The Organ Gallery, which is at the west end, extends the whole width of the Nave ; and its dimensions are twelve feet deep:and twelve feet from the main floor, being lighted from a very beautiful oriel window of stained glass. It is approached by a flight of steps through the tower on the North side. The other entrance is at the west end. There is also a private entrance to the Sacristy on the south Bide. The walls are built of squared rubble iron Btone in irregular courses, with freestone dressings from stone procured in the district. The Nave is "gated £y five double lighted windows, and the Baptistry and approach to Organ Gallery by a single light, with ruby stained glass. The Transepts are lighted with three single lights the same as the Nave. The Transepts are also lighted by two oriel windows with stained glass, containing emblematical subjects. The Transept roofs are supported by moulded Gothic arches resting on freestone pillars. The Chancel is approached from the Nave by a flight of three steps extending the whole width of Nave. The Chancel Arch is of dressed deeply moulded freestone, supported on octagon freestone pillars with bases. The Chancel Arch on the Chancel floor is twenty feet wide and thirty-five feet in height. The platform is raised four steps from the Chancel floor, and on this tlie altar is placed. The old altar (Gothic) is to be used at present until a better and a more suitable one is furnished. A Reredos will then extend the whole width of the Chancel. Tlie Chancel is lighted with three windows. The east end window is the gift of Mr John Barber and family: it represents the Nativity, the Crucifixion, and the Resurrection, with artistically enriched borders ; the colors are exquisitely beautiful. This presentation window came from the establishment of Messrs Couttes and Sons, London, and is an admirable work of art. .Another window is of stained glass in two lights each, one representing St. Patrick and St. Bridget, the patron saints of Ireland, the gift of Mr T. W. Field ; and the other " The Annunciation," the gift of the Very Rev. Vicar-General Dunne and Mrs William Smith. A| third window, also of stained glass, is the gift of Mr Dignam, formerly of Westbury, and represents " Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," the church being dedicated to the Holy Trinity. There are also presentation windows by Mr D. Burke, Churchwarden of the church and Warden of the Municipality of Westbury, emblematic of the Crucifixion ; and another from funds collected by Mrs Steward, representing Faith, Hope, and Charity. All the stained glass windows, with the exception of the Barber presentation at the east end, are the artistic work of Messrs Ure and Ferguson, Melbourne, and are well worth inspection and study. All the leadlights were made by Howard Bros., Launceston. The whole of the roofs are open-timbered roofs; the main roof is constructed with framed-wrought and chamfered timber, Oregon pine, springing from freestone corbels, every alternate one being half-principals. The intermediate rafters are of colonial blackwood. The height of the main roof from floor to apex is 51 feet. It is contemplated to stain the pine and varnish the whole when there are funds in hand available for the purpose. The whole of the roofs are slated, and the apex of each gable is ornamental freestone. The height of the walls is twenty feet; to the top of roof fifty- two feet. The Tower is at present carried up a part of the height and temporarily covered in. The Tower, when finished according to plan, will be Beventy-one feet from floor line. The altar rail is of oak, of Gothic design, and made by Cox and Sons, London. The whole of the stained glass windows were given to the Church by friends, and most of the other windows also. The foundation was built as a separate contract. Davener and Sons were the contractors for the whole of the rubble masonry, Connolly and Anderson were the contractors for the freestone. The roof was contracted for by Ford, of Launceston ; the doors, floors, internal fittings, &c.;, were executed by Roe and Sons, of Hagley. The benches are open seats made of colonial blackwood, from the design-of the architect. Only fifteen of these are at present supplied, and the rest of the sitting accommodation was of a temporary character. The whole of the work, as far as completed, may be characterised as highly creditable to all concerned. The grounds around the building and within the fence have been supplied with gravel, several score loads having been laid within the last few days, gratuitous cartage having been placed at the service of the committee for the purpose. The opinion pronounced by more than one visitor from the South was that it was a grand church, a very beautiful building, in which his lordship the Bishop expressed his concurrence. THE CEREMONY. Shortly before eleven o'clock, ths doors having been opened at half- past ten, the congregation took their seats, and the church, although not crowded, might be said to have been full. The clerical arrangements were a procession of the Bishop and Clergy outside and inside the Church, with the blessing of the walls by the Bishop, who sprinkled holy water in the customary way. The clergy present included, the Bishop, the Very Revs. Vicar-General Dunne, Dr. O'Connell, Dean of Sydney, and Dr. Butler, Dean of Launceston; Revs. D. F, X. Beechinor, of St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart Town M. J. Beechinor, Campbell Town ; J. Feehan, Launceston; T. Kelsh, New Norfolk ; E. F. Walsh, Deloraine ; J. J. M'Kernan, Longford ; J. Hogan, Westbury ; M. Keoban, Oatlands ; J. No'me, Torquay ; J. Holchan, Stanley ; an I the Very Rev. Julian Woods, of Sydne;-. The Deacons of tho Throne were ..-eans Butler and O'Connell, who wore Dal itics; Assistant Priest, Vicar-General k '.uie,. wearing the Cope. The Celebraii' of- High Mass, Coram Pontijice, was ii.-v. E. F. Walsh; Deacon of the Mass, Rev. J. J. M'Kernan ; Sub-Doauon, Rev\ J. Feehan ; Mastei-3 of the Ceremonies, Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor and Rev. T. Kelsh. The Orchestra comprised the following: Violins—Messrs. T. Sharp, W. Abbott, J. Chick, J. Tevelein; Violoncellos— Messrs. A. Hart, S. Joscelyn; Vontrabasso— Mr W. Sharp ; Flute—Ms J. M. Davies ; Cornopeans — Messrs. R. D. Harris and A. Day ; Organ—Miss Dowling. There were ten ladies and nine gentlemeu vocalists present, but several of the soprano vocalists who had attended the practice meetings were prevented from attending through indisposition. The soprano singers were Mrs M'Eachern, Misses Mason, M'Andrew, Harvey, and three Misses Barber. The contralto singers were Mesdames Hamilton and Spicer and Miss Irvine ; tenors, Messrs Sherwin, Spicer, and James, jnn. ; bass, Messrs G. Collins, J. S. Harvey, G. Hubbard, Roper, F. Ferguson, and G. H. Harvey. The vocal department was under the direction of Mr J. H. Melvyn ; the instrumental arrangements were under the superintendence of Mr T. Sharp ; Mr Melvyn, conductor. The ceremony commenced by the procession of Bishop and Clergy round the outside of the Cburch, when the external walls were blessed by the Bishop, who sprinkled them with holy water. During that time the orchestra played the beautiful chorus from Handel's Messiah " Lift up your Heads," which was given with excellent effect. The procession then entered the Church by the west door, chanting the Litany, The sanctuary having been entered, the customary prayers were offered, .after which the procession moved round the church, commencing with the north side and advancing to the west and south, the Bishop sprinkling the walls with holy water as he passed. When the Bishop and clergy again reached the sanctuary the choir sang the hymn " O come let us adore Him," &c.; HIGH MASS. High Mass, Coram Pontifice, was then celebrated, the handsome Pastoral Staff of the Bishop being borne by his lordship at different periods of the proceedings. Mozart's 12th Mass was performed by the choir and orchestra in masterly style. The opening movement " Kyrie Elieson" was very tastefully and smoothly rendered. The " Gloria " also went magnificently ; and so indeed did the succeeding movements if we except a trifling unsteadiness in time at the close of the " CumSancto." The sermon followed, and at the conclusion the Bishop gave a short address. After that a collection was made, several of the clergy going round in twos, one bearing the plate, and the other recording the names of donors. On one of the plates carried round by the Vicar-General there was a noble pile of banknotes and cheques, and there was a large contribution of current coin. The amount was afterwards estimated at about £300. During the collection Mr Thos. Sharp played a voluntary on the organ. Mr Ferguson sang Veni Sancte Spiritus in capital style, some of the congregation sotto voce expressing their admiration of the performance. Miss Dowling accompanied Mr Ferguson on the organ, and Mr Sharp playing a violin obligato accompaniment. The remaining movements of the Mass were very solemnly and effectively rendered. The whole service concluded with the " Hallelujah Chorus," from the Messiah, admirably played by the orchestra. THE DINNER. A well provided repast was laid out in the large room of the Berriedale Hotel, when Mrs Smith's skill was satisfactorily displayed in the characteristics of the spread, to which the members of the orchestra and choir, and other visitors Bat down. As it was rather late when the church service ended, all parties were prepared to do justice to the poultry, joints, and pastry that constituted the bill of fare. At the conclusion of the repast, Non Nobis Dominee was sung by Messrs. Melvyn, Ferguson, Roper, &c.; Rev. J. Hogan proposed'„" the Health of her Majesty the Queen," and said there was no sovereign more beloved, more respected in the hearts of the people than her most gracious Majesty (cheers). He had compared the loyalty of different nationalities, and he had long ago made up his mind that the greatest manifestation of esteem for the sovereign was given by her Majesty's subjects in all parts of her dominions (cheers). And it would be wrong, bad, wicked if it were not BO. They were bound to bo loyal, and 'to rejoice in the advantages S J enjoyed as Britons For they could tat admit that they en 3oyed tlie Smost freedom of every kind-TehgiouB, political, and in every sense of the word. Crefo e, with all sincerity, kmdness, «d respect to her Majesty, he begged to ^rtotV^fdrunk with eve^deand Churchwarden of the Church of the Holv Trinity, said he had a toast to propose. winch lie was sure would be responded to with enthusiasm. It nnght «cm strange that he (Mr Burke) should propose the health of the subscribers when he was one himself ; fcot it would be difficult to fix upon any one to propose the toast who was not himself a subscriber (cheers). It mklit be said the toast would come better from Father Hug.ui than himself ; but it was his (Sir Burke's) duty to tell them that if they had asked Father Hogan to submit the toast lie was one of the greatest subscribers, for he (Mr Burke) saw him Jay on the foundation stone the liberal sum of £100 (cheers). He (Mr Burke) was not much accustomed to that kind of thing, but as far as he was concerned what lie had to say would have reference to those who were not members of that Church. It was very gratifying to him t© remember that persons not of that Church had aided them not only by t&eir; advice and counsel, but also by liberal gifts (cheers). When they took liio proper view of the matter, that the diurcli was built for the honor and glory of God, though they might differ in their reli<rious views, they ought to respect each other's religious scruples, and allow erah to worship God according to the diefates of his conscience (hear, hear). He invited the company to join him in aSrinking success to those who had given to this object. He was roie none who had contributed for the Snsilding of the church were one shilling tt&e; poorer for it (hear, hear). And in fflooclusion, he would say they might well lite proud of the church that day, and iiiey would long remember the kindness •til their friends who had aided them. The toast was duly honored. Mr T. W. Field made a few remarks, Tshicli were indistinctly heard by our reporter. He adverted to some of the statements of the Rev. Father Woods, and confirmed and commented on them. And he expressed the hope, that soon -Jiere would be such a Church at Delojftbie as they had at Westbury, and if iSey built one he would subscribe to it (cheers). Rev. Father Hogan then proposed the health of the members of the orchestra sad the choir who had so effectively assisted that day. A little time ago he was endeavoring to get up a choir to assist at t£iu opening, and a gentleman present said he would endeavor to get up a choir, and he had done so successfolly. In the sanctuary, where the clergy sat the singing sounded beautifully. To most of them he (Mr Hogan) tad been up to that time a stranger, but he hoped he should have the pleasure of their acquaintance and their friendship ; for they had done him a most kindly act. They had attended practice at great inconvenience to themselues, and some indeed of the ladies had caught cold and and could not attend to-day in consequence. He wished to associate with the toast, Mr Melvyn and Mr Sharp. He ltsd been placed under obligations to them. If he (Mr Hogan) had been an acquaintance it would have been a kindness, but as to most of them he was a stranger the kindness was greater. And then the fact that he differed from most of them in religious belief enhanced the obligation, and it was with great pleasure he saw them, braving inclement weather, and determining to be their posts. He frankly avowed that a the weather had been a source of great s anxiety to himself, and when he saw tiie unfavourable state of the weather B early that morning, he almost iespaired. But as it was they had reason to be thankful. He was thankful to the ehoir for having sung such a beautiful snass as Mozart's twelfth undoubtedly uas. In his (Mr Hogan's) view it was one of the grandest pieces of music they eould perform (cheers). The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr G. Collins returned thanks on behalf of the choir. Father Hogan had spoken of the kindness of the choir, but lie (Mr Collins) could assure them the choir esteemed it a privilege to take part in such a service. And as to the practice, fee hoped it would lead to the formation of a Choral Society in Launceston (cheers). Mr T. Sharp also returned thanks, and said Mr Melvyn ought to have risen to do it. He concluded by proposing the Itealth of Father Hogan (applause). The toast was drunk with much cordiality, and "Jolly Good Fellow." Father Hogan returned thanks for the ioast and the kind things Mr Sharp had said of him. He had been congratulated by several friends ,for| thie success of the building, .but he . must, i^te a : very' small amount' of'praise to himself. The fact was he hadheen driven on to proceed with the building'; the people would have it finished, and they were all anxious for it. They had long worshipped in the wooden church, and it was wished to have a' more becoming ce ' to worship ' in 'than ' the wooden church ; consequently as far as he (Mr 1 Hogan) was concerned, if he held back he should displease his friends. And in doing what little he had donej if .he had had his days bf gloom, he had also had his days of sunshine. To secure aid he had visited the home of the substantial fanner and the hut of the laboring man ; he had visited the cornfields, and from the corn-fields 1 to the paddock, and generally he was well received and kindly treated. It was pleasant to see the Church tor which they had struggled and labored for four or five years back. He thanked them for their presence and their aid, and he trusted they would not lose by such aid as they bad given. There were friends of other denominations who had given, and that liberally, as well as some of his own Church j there was.one who had given as much as £80, another £43, and he had reason to be thankful to all who had contributed whether of his congregation or not. As to his own congregation, they had done what they could for the last five or six years, and he thanked them. He begged therefore to propose the health of his own congregation. He was. thankful for wliat he had seen that day; it encouraged him, and if God spared liira he would endeavour to make up in the future for his past shortcomings, by greater zeal for the good of his congregation and the cause of morality in Westbury. He felt that he had never witnessed a greater display of liberality in Westbury (cheers). The toast having been drunk, Mr Burke returned thanks in a short speech, expressive of ,liis idea that charity was the basis of true religion; and where people were not actuated by good feeling towards others, he did not think they had true religion (cheers). Mr Barber proposed " the health of Mr Hubbard," who had placed his Music Emporium at the service of the choir for practice, and in other ways had assisted and encouraged the object in view. The toast was heartily drunk and briefly acknowledged. EVENING SERVICE. There was a larger attendance at the church in the evening than in the forepart of the day. The Bishop having returned to Launceston by the afternoon train the Very Dean O'Connell officiated at vespers, the Revs. J. Feehan and J. J. M'Kernan acting as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The antiplions were chanted by the Revs. Julian Woods and E. F. Walsh. The "Very Rev. Julian Woods preached from Rev. xxi, 2 to 5, and urged in an able maaner the duty of sustaining religion and erecting temples dedicated to the service of the Most High. The collection amounted to about £30, making with the amount in the morning nearly £350, which would have been greatly augmented, but for the unfavorable state 'of the weather in the early part of the day. 