, . REVIEW.' - ' LONGFELLOW'S NEW POEM.* 'Aftermath' is tho quaint but not in appropriate titlo given by Longfollow to lu's last volume of pooma, as wo find it in tho English edition. Webster tolls us that ' After math' is 'a second crop of grass in tho same year,' and tho idea convoyed in tho uso of thp term hero is n graceful ruforoncc to tho autumnal productions of tho poet's own mind. .Having passed tho ordinaiy limit of hnmtm existence), tho allotted span of throcscoro years and ton — Whon tho summer Holds aro mown, ?'.? IVhon the birds nro fledged and flown, A'nd tho dry loaves stvow tho path, ?tfhh tho fftlllnR of tho snow, With Hit! (jawing rif tho crow, Onco ngnln tho Ilctos tie iftofr/ And gathijr in tho nftor nrnth. Aftor a long life well spnnt in puro and .lofty ministrations, tho poot onco more spreads before' ns tho c»»p of his rfftermath. It is not, ns ho adds pathetically — . Not tho swcot now grnfis with flowers. Is this harvesting of ours; .. Not tho upland clover bloom ; But tho rowon mixed with weeds, Tan clod tufts from marsh and mead?, Whoro tho poppy drops its seeds In tho Hllonco and tho gloom. It cannot ho said to be rodolont of tlio rich harvesting of tho poot's enrly days, but thcro is in it a sweotness of its ojvn which tells us that it has sprung; from tho same fruitful source Longfellow has writton somo few poems which havo entered into tho hearts of men. He has' written 'Excelsior,' 'Tho Psalm' of Lifo ; ' ' Footsteps of Angols,' and somo'' fow moro pooms of that class, which havo in them a rare pathos and a lofty nobility of thought and expression which have ncJvev boon excelled. Thoy havo in thorn thn true afflatus of poetic inspiration. In them ho has struck tho cords of tho colestial harmonies ; and there fore, in these, ho will livo for over in tho hearts of all truo inon and womon, of all susceptible youths and maidens, who listen for tho music of the spheres. Ho has written ' Hyperion,' the most beautiful transcendental proso poem in tho English language ; and ,ho has written ' Evangoline,' the simplest yet tho most com plete and artistic rhythmical poom which has como to us from America. In it, too, Long fellow has shown in a manner nover equalled before how tho old form of tho Greek hexamtcrs may bo made to express many of tho beauties of the' English language, as modulatod and accen tuated on tho ancient model. For all these, and for many poems liko them, tho English speaking people, 'and especially all young men and young women among 'them, aro deeply indebted to this American poot, who now comes to us ^ with his ' Aftermath.' Thero may not bo'in it, as ho himself hints, all tho freshness and vigour of his earlier produc tions, hut thoro is simplicity and essential purity, and thero aro some graceful arid plain tive touches. Tho collection of poems consist chiefly of stories told at a ivuysido inn, and this is tho third series of a succession of poems thus strung together and published at intervals. Between caeh story there is an intorludo, which seems to connect tho scquonco, and onables the guests to discuss the snbjocts narrated to them and by them. First thon, in a prelude, ' the Spanish Jow ' is addressed by ' the gay Sicilian,' and asked — Why was it that, in breaking bread : At supner, you bont down your head, And, musing, paused a littlo space, . As ono who saj'8 a silent graoo? This ho explains as 'thoMJinichajan's Prayer,' and, a/ter somo further talk he tolls his tale— v rathor a fantastic one — of 'Azraol.' Then followsa logendof ChurleniagnCjfroin ' tho Sici lian,' and then, after more discussion, another legend, also from tho times of Charlomngne. This ? lust is narrated by the 'Student.' It is an ' opisodo in tho lives of Emma and Eginhurd,' and is very gracefully told. Indeed this is perhaps the most attractive contribution in tho series. Eginhord is a yonth of Fraiikish race. Ho has been taught In tho free schools of Aix by Alcuin the Saxon monk, Gontlo of epooch but absolute of rule. To this youth all things woro possible, and ?whon ho grows up ho is A Mhmesingor. long boforo tho limes Of those who sang their love in Snabian ruyiiibs. ' Charlomagne, hearing this good report of Eginhard, '????'? ' . Said to himself, 'This stripling sopms to be , . l'urposely sunt into the world for me.' So he makes him his secretary, .aud Eginhard beebmos his righfchand man. ?'.-'?.' llo was schooled In all tho arts by which tin) world ia ruled. Jlut tho one art supremo, whoso law is fiitc, The Emporor nevor dreamed of till too late. It is needless .to say that this fata ..ib the Princess Emma. Sho is straying among the . flowers of summer with her maid,, when she sings, ' . ? . '0, Eginhard disoloso : ?'Tho moaning and tho mystery of the roso.' And trembling ho miido nnswor': 'In good sooth, Itsmystory is lovo, its meaning,' youth.' ??: .?? ? '''',.'. Thus it turns out that tho Princess: Emma' has ? no thoughts for the .Poors and' Paladins of 'France, ehb ?'?''?'. /' ? ? ??'?'*?' f';i;:-.::O-.'-v:;'^;;v; ;'\'.', — ; — -^—'! had no words nor looks ?,?:?!';? '?; -._? 'But for this, clerk, this man of thought and books.'. ' ' And so the summer passod ? and tho '?' autumn— ? thon the wintor came. There around -more : '?garden lessons,' but lovo transmutes1 all nuturo-by its heat ; arid whilo ho pores bvqr his hooks, Eginhard watches . '. : ' / Tho light whioh burned iu Frincoss Emma's tower' ' At last one evening — . ?'?.:? ?'' '? ?? Ho orossod tho court mid ollinbed tho winding stair, With somo foigaod message in the Emperor's namo; But when ho to tho lady's presence came, ? ? Ho knelt dowu at her foot, until sho laid Her hand upon him, liko a naked blade, Aud whispered iii his our : ' Ai'Ibo Sir Knight,'. To my hoiirt's lovol, 0 my hoart's delight. . In tho meantime thero is a snow storm, and Eginhai'd cannot pass from- Emma's tower without leaving tho traco of his footstops. Tho young lady, however, acuopts tho wholo responsibility, trusting, it may bo presumed, to hor own Uigh position and influence with her fathor. * Accordingly she herself carries back Eginhard to his tower, retracing her own foot- . steps in tho snow. ? . . That night tho Emporor sleeplosa with tho oaros And trouble that uttond on stato airahM ' ... Had rlson beforo tho dawn. .-. ' Ho becomes aware of the adventure, ,and. is,i almost turned . to stono in tho contomplatioii of, it; hut ho survives 'the tho trance of, pain,' and \'tov a time, having called togethor his-' councillors, he tolls thorn the whole truth—' y Thon aakod for Himteiioo ; and with eagor breath Soino answorcd banishment, »nd others death. But tho Emperor is^merciful, though his. heart ' is heavy — t ' . ,- . Your scntmiee'ia not mine, ' '? life is tho gift of God, and is divino j . ' ' Nor from thoao palaco walls shall one depart Who carries such a secret in li|a heart ; My hotter Jnclsmont points tmothor way. . Good Alouin, I remember how one day ' : Whon my l'epino askod you '? What are men F' You wrote upon hia taulota with your pon — ' Guests of tho grave and tmvollors that pass 1' This being truo of all inon, wo, alaa ! . Boljig all fashioned of the solf-samo dust,: s Lot us bo merciful as well as Just-; This passing travollor who has stolon away Tho brightest jowol of my orown to-day, Slmll of himsnlf tlln «rnn.lnitft Imn rnttt.nrn ! By giving it, I mako it mlno onco more, . ? ? *? Ovor those iatal footprints I will throw, My onnino mantlo liko another snow, And so Emma and Egonhard were- forgiven for ? loving not wisely but loo well. It. is a very , pretty story. Thd guests doubted somewhat . about it, hut novcrtholess Saw lu it gleams o£ truthfulno'ss. '. '. 'vtHiile thoy aro discussing this, thoro ? is 'a sharp and sudden nound.'- ' Tho musician' is. alarmed, and is still moro disturbed whon on , examining his violin he finds two strings bfokon. Hero the squire is introduced, ' tho portly squire,' coming in with both arms full of seasoned wood, ? ; To lood the muoh dovouring flr'e, '??'?'?? Thatflikealloniriaoage . . ' ? . Lashed its long tall and roarod with rago, ? ' Attermatii,' .by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Jtoutlcdgo and Bono, London ; Watson^ and Co., Qrisbaue When thoy liavo lriado thcmeolvcs comfortable', round tho nro ' the theologian ' noxt volunteers , To toll a, talo world-wldo apart IWnn tltat tho Btudoiit had just told, World-wldo apa\t, and yot iikin, As showing tliat the human heart '- licats on for over us of old, : As woll boucath tho unow-whlto fold . Of Quaker keroliief, as iritliln Sandal or silk or cloth or gold. This is tho story of Elizabeth. It is -written in hcxamoters, a jheasnro over which, unless wo except Clough, no English poet, has obtained such complete mastery as Longfellow. Eliza beth Haddoh,'tho Quakeress, and her hand maiden Hannah aro introduced to us : As in tho farm house kitchen, that sorved for kitchon and parlour, JJy tho window, sho sat with her wor!c , 'and looked ou tho audscapo . ' Whlto as tho great white sheot that l'etor saw in his vision - ' BJ the four corners let down and doseending out or the hRiitenii, ' Covered with, sijow vrera tho forests of pino and the fields and tho mea'ootvs; Nothing was dark but tlio sky, atidtiio distant Delaware ? flowing ? - Down from its native hills a peaceful nndbountifnJrivor Then follows a story fragrant with rustic flconery, and with a sweet aroma of puro roli- . gious sentiment. In Evangelino, ' th'o Sun shine off St. Eulalic,' at the villago of Grand Pr6, wo had a soft.warm picturo of .Arcadia, with its French Nonmm peasants, under tho patriarchal rulo of Father Folieian. In ' Jliles Standish,' also, in tho old hexameter measure, wo 'had an episodo equally true to naturo, equally pathetic in tho history of one of tho youngest of the Pilgrim Fathers— a Puritan captain who came — ' Over tho wintry seas, to tho desolato nhorosof Npw . England. . . . ? ' . ? And now, in Elizaboth, we havo a more brief but equajly beautiful oxamplo of the samo stylo. Tlio setting- is a littlo different. It is/perhaps less elaborate, hut it shows the same master hand. It is a story of a Quaker settlement. Elizabeth and hoi- maid Hannah had been at May meetings in London. Hannah remarks that the Deluwaro is not like the Thames as they saw it ' Out of our upper windows in ' Hotherhithc-streot in tho Borough.' . Her father remained in England. ' 'Though ho came not himsolf, I came ; for tho Lord was my guidance.' And so thoso two Quakeresses huilt a house in a clearance on the rivor Delaware, and thoy have — A good lad and cheerful is Joseph In tho right place is his heart, and his hand is ready and willing, Elizabeth, dispenses hospitality to the friends in the neighbourhood, and gjves of her substance io tho poor. .Hannah, ' the thrifty, tho frugal' complains a little— ' Yea, they oomo and they tarry, as-ff thy houso were a tavonii Opon to nil are its doors, and tliej como and go like the pigeons, In and out of tho holos or tho pigeon-hotiao ovor the hayloft, ? ' Cooing and smoothing their feathers, aud basking them selves in tho sunshlno' — ? . But Hannah reproves her — ? ' '? All I havo is tho Lord's; not mlno to give or withhold it. Thus thoy spend their time in good deeds and homely household duties, whon ono evening ? Elizabeth speaks to Hannah of ono John Estaugh, whom thoy had known in -England — Thoughts of him to-day have boon oft borno inward . upon mo. Sho has a strong fooling that sho shall see him igain and truo enough — ? ' . ?;'en as sho spake, they heard tho musical jangle of sloigh bolls. ' *? \nd so John Estaugh is introduced. Then ;hore is a succession of scenes giving .us jlimpses of rustic and domestic lifo in Pensyl wraia. John Fjstaugh goes away, but comes jack again, and when ho is leaving a second amo' f .. . ' . .'- Dhen Elizabeth said, though still with a certain - reluctanco, Vs if impelled to roveal a secret sho fain would have guarded : I will no longer concoal what is laid upon me to toll . tliee, . . ? [ havo received from tlio Lord, a chargd to love' ' . theo, John Estaugh.' ..?'.' ? Elizabeth is not in tho least troubled, such a' perfect command has she . ovor he* ' feelings, whon John Estaugh tells her thatmuch as he is pleased with her converse, ' her soul's im maculate whitencsB,' ho yet has no light to lead him in this direction. Sho hadii presonti iriont that it would be so. X But if tlio Lofd hath doireod it, Thou wilt return^aguin to seek ino hero and to find mo? ' Thus thoy parted for a time. Ships that pass in the night and speak each other Tin passing, Dnly a signal shown and a distant voico in tho -darkness ; So on tho ocean of lifo wo pn^s and spoak ono another. Only a look und a voice, then darkne^ ngain and asilonco Meantime John Estaugh goes off to sea, carry ing 'with him ' Tho secret sacred und precious. But of courso ho comes hack and accepts tlio gift offered him by Elizaheth Iladdon — tho gift more precious than hous.es and lands ;' and so-meeting once more in the silent assembly on the. first 'day they acknowledge thembolvcB to bo' man and ' wife. Johoph is ' not in like manner chosen by Hannah. ' Ho chooses; hor, and is at first refused. ?, She says, nay, but finally winds up -witli an implied ac ceptance thus— ?' ' '',:',' But thob may mako boliovo and see what will como of, : it, Joseph. ? ': ? , ;; ? Such is an ontHno of this new.hoxnmctcr poem of Longfellows. It h a gem in its way, and it is quite ns good as tho longer poems he has written in the samo measure.' ?' Tho guests discuss it among themselves. The studont says that it is ? no more true Than was tho tale I told to you. The- theologian 'warmly ddnios this, and' assures us that his story has a foundation in fact. To this ' 'It matters littlo,' quoth tho Jow, ? The oloak of truth is lined with lies, Sayoth some proverb old aud wiso; : ' , ' And lovo is master of all arts, ? And puts it into human hcai ts Tlie strangest things to say and do. Thon tho Sicilian breaks in again, and tells a story which has no pretensions to truth in it : — -. ' A naked falsehood and absurd. This story is about two monks, ono of whom (Brother Timothy), is turned into an ass for gluttony.' It is easy, flowing, jmd jocund, pleasant, tasteful versification and after this tho Jew. once moro takos up his strain which the poet accepts as one after his own heart, but it is mystical, and not voryjrhythinical, so' we are glad to pass to tho ballad which tho iniisician improvises. This gentleman is discon solate ovor tho two strings of his fiddle which, have cracked, so ho sings a very weird tale in deed. It is wild and beautiful, but too long' to givo as a wholo ' and too good to quoto from, so those who wish to know more about it must buy tho book:.' It is called tho Mother's Ghost. It might bo set to music as a solemn dhgo. Then there is more disquisition botween tho Pootand tho Theologian, and finally tlio landlord, who up to this time has shirked his share, ' Plucking up heart, began to toll tho rhymo of one Sir Christopher?' This Sir Christophor is a gay cavalior of tho timo of Charles tho Socond. ' From merry England ovor the sea, who stept upon this continent as if his iiugust pre sence lent a glory to tho colony.' ? There is a fair lady, in question. ? ' A littlo lady with golden :luiir, whom he called his cousin, but whom ho had wed in the Italian manner, 'as men said;' and this, of course* croated groat scandal among tho Puritan New Englandors. Sir Christophor Gardiner moots' with, siunmary jnstico from tho Governor, and finally is shipped back to Merry England, boing as we are told — ' '. ? TJi'enrBtwhn furnished this barren land . ? With npplos of Sodom aud ropos of sand.'! - Such, are the storios of the guests who mot beneath thosign of the lied Horso. '? . ?. -,.-?; ' Those aro tho tiiles thoso inorry guosts -; ?'*? ?????*, A Told to eooh: other woll or 111, ?j'. Iilko summer birds that lift their crests ? Abovo'the borders of their nosts , Andjtwlttor, and n^ata t^re Bttll, '*.?'. ? , There is lio1 very stirring passion in thcin;., they Ho* mi in pleasing variation : ' now rippling ova- tlio stories' arid rocks in sparkling oddics, thon again 'lingoring in tlio dcop transparent pools, under shadows. sometimcB,' and sometimes' in snnshino ; but throughout the wholo' length of tho stream there is no turbid 'discolouration. Tho water is pure an d innocnous. All may drink of it. ' It may not satisfy tho forvont thirst of a distempered taste, but it will solaco tho traveller, and brighten his thoughts with its fresh and glistening motion. Mr. Longfellow must soon pass away from among us. He will lcavo us somo beautiful pooms, almost un equalled of their kind, and ho will leavo us much pootry, simple and truthful in its naturo, though not, porhdps, majestic in its structure. His 'Aftermath' contains nothing strikingly original, hut it givo forth much that is sweet, fragrant, and . who'lesomo; All young people may read his poems with profit — moro than this, hero and thoro ho opens to them vistas of very precious spiritual truths. 