Fourth Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle. First Day Tuesday. After the Litany, and the administration of the Holy Communion in Christ Church, New castle, on Tuesday, May '19th, 1874, the Synod assembled in the City Hall, Newcomen street, at twelve o'clock. Prayers having been said by the Right Reverend the President (Bishop of Newcastle), he requested- the Rev. Canon Child to call over the names of the Clergy and Lay Repre sentatives of the diocese. The following answered to their names : — Morpeth — Rev. Canon Child ; Newcastle — Rev. Canon Selwyn, Mr. James Hannell, and Mr. £. Parnell ; Muswellbrook — Rev. Canon White, Mr. Frances White, and Mr. Thomas Hungerford j Paterson — Rev. F. W. Addams, and Mr. W B. Boydell ; St. Mary's West Maitland— Rev. W. Chapman, and Mr. R. W. Thompson ; Singleton — Rev. James Black wood, Mr. J. C. S. McDouall, and Mr. A. A. Dangarj Raymond Terrace — Rev. S. Simm, and Mr. Charles Parnell ; East Maitland — Rev. L. Tyrrell, Mr. Samuel Clift, and Mr. A. W. Pearse ; Dungog — Rev. J. J. Nash, and Mr. R. L. Alison j Wollombi — Rev. B. E. Shaw, and Mr. J. N. Brooks ; Newcastle., St. John's — Rev. F. D. Bode, Mr. James Corlette, and Mr. Charles Sweetland ; Lochinvar — Rev. C. Walsh, and Mr. J. B. Holmes j Manning River — Mr. J. P. Luke ; Cassilis — Rev. W. S. Wilson, and J. Cooper ; Scone — Rev. John Shaw ; Rev. H. S. Millard ; Wallsend — Rev. J. Spicer Wood, and Mr. J. W. Brooks ; Stroud— Rev. A. Shaw, and Rev. W. K. Colyer ; Brisbane Water — Mrvv J. A. Osborne ; Wickham — Rev. J. Dixon; Denman— Rev. C. M. Mills ; St. Paul's, West Maitland — Rev. J. A. Newth, and Mr. James S. Carroll ; Murrurundi — Rev. J. Ross, Mr. P. W. Wright, and Mr. F. A. White ; Jerry's Plains — Rev. F. Hubanrd Smith, and Mr. W. Pearse. The President then declared the Synod duly constituted, and delivered his annual address. He said, they had met that day, to hold the first session of their fourth Synod. He hoped they would show, by the spirit of their deliberations, that they had derived bene fit from the previous councils of the Church. They had met — not at the appointed day, be cause important duties connected with certain legal proceedings seemed likely to require his presence, in Maitland, on that day. Neither did they meet, in compliance with a previous resolution of Synod, passed in 1872. The spirit of that resolution, clearly precluded the Synod from meeting in any week in which As cension Day might fall. He had, therefore, convened the Synod, on the week after, and they met again, as they have done so often be fore, to their own great content and comfort, and, he trusted, not without some benefit also, to their most hospitable entertainers in the Cathedral ci(y of Newcastle. The changes amongst the clergy, in the diocese, had been very important. When they met in Synod, last May, they could see that the Rev. T. H. Shaw, and the Rev. W. Lewis, were in a very precarious state of health. Both these earnest labourers had been called to their rest ; but the effect of their faithful labours had not died away. The new stone church, at Murrurundi, would be a lasting monument of the zealous, untiring labours of the Ilev. Mr. Lewis ; and, at Jerry's Plains, the erection of a stone church was now being commenced, with funds contributed through affectionate regard, uni versally felt by the inhabitants of that dis trict, for their clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Shaw. The vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Lewis, had been filled by the Rev. James Ross, late incumbent of Mulgoa, and rural dean of the diocese of Sydney ; while the Rev. IJ. Smith, of Dungog, has been selected to fill the cure at Jerry's Plains, vacant by the decease of the Rev. T. H. Shaw. The other changes amongst the clergy were — the Rev. J. L. Nash, late of Murrurundi, to succeed the Rev. H. Smith, of Dungog ; the return of the Rev. H. Colville, to England, had taken place, and his place had been supplied by. the Ilev. C. Adnum, from England, who was or dained by the Bishop of Lichfield, for this diocese,- at his ordination, last year ; the Rev. J. Newth. had very opportunely arrived, and he (the Bishop) had appointed him, under his own superintendence, to the charge of St. Paul's, West Maitland, for the Sunday ser vices, of which he (the Bishop) held himself responsible, at present. While there had been many changes in the lay representation of the Synod, the new members were certainly not inferior to the old ones in' character, position, or intelligence. His Lordship could not re frain from expressing his deep sense of the loss the Synod had sustained, in the absence of two of the old representatives, viz., Dr. Traill, of Collaroy — a noble specimen of the Church of . England laymen — lately deceased ; and Major Bblton, who, on the last occasion, Had not been chosen as a lay representative, but who, -by.: Jris!: previous regular attendance and' long experience,- had proved himself a very valuable member of the Synod, and of the Diocesan Council,.' J.^Hear.) There had no events oc .curred. of. general importance, connected with ?.v.their 'Synod; either in England. or the colo i^ie.s.,; He would confin%?Wm*flf, in his re ' marks, to those subjects, in which the present j^sjjjjijof the Synod would be more particu larly! interested, and would, also, endeavour to prepare their minds for the consideration of those subjects which would be brought before them, for their consideration, in. the session of 1875\. His observation would, therefore, range themselves under two principal heads : — 1 1.- Subjects to be considered at the present session. 2. Subjects to be proposed for the session of next year. Under the first head, there would be — First, the rules of the Cler gymen's Widows and Orphans' Fund. This subject was, by resolution1 (165) of Synod, last year, ordered to be prepared, and the amended regulations laid before this Synod, at its next session. Secondly, there would be the subject o£ the New Lectionary, respecting ' which, in' the last session of Synod,- the following resolution was passed : — ' That this Synod hereby determine that the revised table of Lessons, and the directions relating thereto, as at present authorised by law in the es tablished Church of England, may be used in the service of the church in this Diocese, on and after any day which the Bishop shall ? appoint for commencing the use of the same, ?and that, in- case of any question arising in any parish, as to whether the said revised table should be used in the place of the old table of lessons, the matter should be referred to the Bishop, as ordinary, to decide.' This resolution was carried at the last Synod by one vote, but he felt it his duty to refuse his consent to it There was now, he believed, ( with all parties, both clerical and lay, a desire for the use of the new Lectionary, and he hoped he would be able to suggest a resolu tion to that effect, which would be approved by all. The third subject which he hoped they would consider in this session would be 'the Trust deed for a church,' and which has been introduced for consideration in the last Sydney Synod, and after five days con sideration, warmly approved by the Metro politan Bishop of Sydney. He would now offer a few remarks upon the rules of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund. In the session before last, certain alterations were proposed, such as an alteration in Rule 7, and the omission of Rule 10 ; but, after some dis cussion, a committee was appointed to draw up amended rules for the consideration of the present Synod. The committee appointed for this office were — the Rev. J. Shaw, Canon White. W. J. Wilson, and C. Walsh ; and Messrs. J. D. Langley, F. White, and Charles Bolton. The committee were also instructed to consider specially one particular point — that was : ' What means could be adopted to enable clergymen, who had not hitherto joined the fund, to do so ;' and special reference was made to one portion of the 18th Rule, which required that any proposed change in the rules must be notified to the members of the Synod six months before the change was made. This last clause gave rise to much discussion, though all agreed that it was introduced for protection against frequent changes. The amendment upon Rule 18 would be again brought before the Synod, as in Rule 19. The Synod would have the right to propose any change in these amended rules, but such change would not come into operation till the next Synod. He would now draw their attention to what he had done since the last session had closed. He had endeavoured to ascertain the feeling of the various clergymen respecting the fund. He found that, out of twenty-four clergymen in the diocese, twelve were already members of the fund ; and out of the other twelve, that some were unmarried, and some were only deacons ; and those who could not really be expected to pay up their arrears, he had lound to be only six, who was but one-fourth of the clergy who had not joined, but who would do so if the whole amount of arrears were paid for them, and the re-payment allowed to ex tend over five years. It was the place of the bishop of the clergy to offer the clergymen the kind compliment of aid in this matter, without the necessity of parading their wants before the Synod. He, therefore, selected two out of the six, and offered to provide the whole arrears; and, for the other four, he offered to provide the money, to be paid back by annual instalments. The two beforemen tioned were thus enabled to join the fund at once, and two others most thankfully accepted his second offer. Two clergymen still re mained who had not joined. One thought that the 10th Rule would be amended, and then he would join the fund. It was well, therefore, now, for the public and the Svnod to know that there was only one clergyman in the tMoccse who had not joined. (Applause.) The Diocesan Council had been instructed to draw up the amended rules j and, after having completed their consideration of these amendments, in October, they were ready to give notice of them six months ago, but the difficulty arose — to whom were they required to give this notice. It could only be to the members of the late Synod j but they were not elected till the middle of April. What was then to be done? The Diocesan Council was thus defeated by unforseen circumstances over which they had no control. They, there fore, determined to lay before this Synod the amendments they had made, but,' did not pro pose to have them passed this session. This method had been adopted by the Irish Diocesan Synod ; rules were passed at one Synod, but not carried into operation till passed by the next Synod, and this was the course proposed by the Diocesan Council, and which he trusted would be carried out by this Synod. The second subject was the new Lectionary. This required accurate thought and close attention, but he would not detain them very long on this point. It was well for them, however, to understand what their position was with re spect to altering the laws of the mother church n England, in connection with this subject. They had accepted the doctrine and ritual authorised by the Church, and also its laws and discipline for the proper Government. Therefore any alteration made here must be in accordance with the alteration of the laws at home. In introducing the new Lectionary to the Church, it was still desirable that it should be made in conformity with the new Lectionary Act, passed in England in July, 1871. In this there were to be new directions and two new tables of lessons. There were the whole alterations in the new Lectionary, and uny alteration made by this Synod must be in conformity with these. He would now draw their attention to the time and method of adopting the alterations which were very dif ferent from the alterations themselves. If the new table of lessons was adopted as in Sydney, the old table might be used whenever the clergyman wished to do so, until January 1879, without the approval or previous know ledge of the congregation. To this course he most strongly objected. The portion of Scrip ture ought not to be left to the option of the clergyman ; it was an injury to the congrega tion, and a danger to the clergyman himself. He quoted the Bishop of Exeter s remarks on this subject in support of his opinion ; such al lowances would only 'be an evasion of the law, and open the flood-gates of bitterness and strife. He considered it very desirable' to avoid the changing backwards and forwards from one table to the other. He con sidered the new tables a great improve ment upon the old, and considered a uni formity on this point as very desirable, but not important. He trusted that the new Lectionary might be adopted at an early day, and that they would be required, when they had once decided to make the change, to adhere to it, not to go from the old to the hew, and vice versa when they pleased. He was quite willing to approve of the main part of the re solution which obtained a majority of votes at the last session, but he was, not in favor of allowing the congregation to decide when the cnange snouia take place, me choice of ap pointment of the lessons should be left to the clergyman, not the congregation. The third subject was the Trust Deed for a church. This was a very important subject and was divided into three distinct heads — the need or advantage of it, the value of it, and the action, which it might be desirable for the Synod to take respecting it. The President quoted at length, thp Chancellor's remarks upon the need of a church deed, and gave the history ofthe Old Church Act, the 8th, Wil liam 4th, No. 5, the great effort of which was to assimilate the Church of this colony to that of the Church of England. This Act had been established thirty-six years, and, during that rime, many changes had taken place requiring certain alterations to be made in the Act. With regard to the value of such a deed, nothing could prove this better than the combined labour and length of time that had been expended in endeavouring to attain it. With regard to the action of the Synod, he would like to see the same action taken as that taken by the Synod of Sydney Diocese, viz., that the President leave the chair and the Synod go into committee of the whole. This method was carried by a majority of 77 to 21. (Hear.) The Trust Deed was the first practi cal step for superseding the Old Church Act. He did not think it would be right to delay this any longer. He would not, however, pro pose to pass the deed in an ordinance at this session, as due notice had not been given, but rather give it a second year's consideration. Having concluded his remarks upon these subjects, and drawn the attention of the Synod to the important duty of the eleetion of officers and members of the Diocesan Council, which election he considered would be well to take place on Thursday next, as affording more time for deliberation as to the best men, the President proceeded to enlarge upon the subjects to be prepared for the session of the next year, which were— first, ,the confirmation and final passing of the amended rules of the Clergymen's Widow's and Orphan's Fund ; secondly, the final consideration of trust deeds for a church, parsonage, and other objects ; thirdly the revision of importantordinances, and fourth the obtaining a greater supply of agents to assist the clergymen in their ministrations. He required their earnest prayers for the due consideration of these subjects. With regard to the financial position, he was glad to say there was an increase in the fund, and the general balance was greater than in any previous year, and many new churches were in progress of' erection. (Hear, hear.) He would conclude with a few remarks upon the spiritual condi tion of the diocese. This, after all, was the one tiling needful. Were there more souls being won to Christ? This was the all impor tant subject of enquiry. Were they all growing in grace, and walking closely with God, and sanctifying Him in their hearts? He would appeal, as he did last year, to the confirmations on this subject. In last November they had a confirmation, which was a most moving one, and which the incumbent described aw ' one to be much remembered.' He (the president) had had one on the following Sabbath at East Maitland. The number of candidates had been very large and all had been well pre pared. He was himself deeply affected, and felt that it was good for him to be there. One of the young candidates told him afterwards that never before had the glorious promises of the gospel entered so deeply into her heait. Let them all pray that these had not only en tered the heart, but would bring forth the fruits of righteousness, joy and peace in the Holy Ghost. He prayed' that all their deli berations might conduce to this happy result amongst themselves, and in giving themselves to the duties of the session, that they might be able to bear and forbear with each other, in their anxiety to obtain by the Holy Spirits aid, through God, and our Saviour's merits, to end less and perfect peace. Amen. (Applause.) It was then moved by the Rev. Canon Child, and seconded by Mr. James Hannell, 'That the Synod adjourn till seven o'clock that even ing.' The motion was carried, and tlin Synod ad journed accordingly. At seven o'clock, the Synod resumed. The Right Rev. President declared the Synod opened. The Rev. Canon Child moved, and Mr. B. Lee seconded, ' That the previous standing orders be adopted.' — Carried. The Rev. Canon Child moved, and the Rev. Canon Selwyn seconded, 'That the Rev. John Dixon be appointed secretary to the Svnod.' — Carried. The rev. gentleman thanked the members of the Synod for the honour conferred upon him, and assured them of the faithful dis charge. of the duties. Mr. F. White then proposed, and Mr. R. W. Thompson seconded, 'That Mr. John Lee be appointed lay secretary to the Synod.' The motion was carried, Mr. Thompson offering to act for Mr. Lee for that evening. Mr. F. White then moved, ' That Benjamin Lee, Esq., act as chairman of committses to the Synod.' The motion was seconded by the Rev. Canon Selwyn, and carried. Mr. B. Lee accepted the office, and duly acknowledged the honour. Mr. Alison then moved, 'That his Lord ship be requested to allow the address to be printed.' The motion wos seconded by Mr. Carroll, and carried with acclamation. His Lordship briefly returned thanks for kindness of the Synod, and promised to allow the address to be printed. The Rev. Canon Child then rose to read the report of the Diocesan Conncil, when the Rev. J. Shaw, remarked that there was a standing order, to the effect, that printed re ports should be taken as read. The Rev. W. W. Wilson formally moved, ' That it be read.' Mr. J. Hannell remarked that, if standing orders could be upset in this manner they The President ruled that it need not be read. The Rev. Canon Child then read a short but very encouraging account of Church work in the diocese. The Rev. Canon Selwyn explained, that four parishes had not sent in their returns, and, therefore, the Financial statement was not complete. Mr. Parnell then laid the Treasurer's state menf on the table. The Rev. Canon Child then moved, and the Rev. Canon Selwyn seconded, ' That the re ports and statements of accounts be received.' The motion was carried The Rev. Canon White then read the report of the Trustees of the (Jlergy Widows and Or phan's Fund, and then moved, ' That it be received.' Thj motion was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Walsh, and carried. ' The Rev; Canon Selwyn then read the re port of the Book Depository Committee, and moved, ' That it be received.' The motion was seconded by the Rev. Canon Child, and carried. BOARD OF MISSIONS. '. The President explained that the committee from various causes had not met, and therefore no report had been brought up. He, as Presi dent, must bear the blame. Experience hud shown him that there was already too much work in the colony to be performed, ant} an immense quantity of correspondence to be gone through. He considered that, till the next general Synod, the matter had better re ma- ruiii abeyance. The Rev. W. Wilson remarked that, if the operations of the Board had commenced at once, it would have been possible to. have continued them last year. The Rev. Canon Selwyn then read the re port of the Committee of the Bishop Memo rial Fund, and moved, ' That it be received.' The motion was seconded by the Rev. Canon White, and carried. OUDBHS OF THE DAY. The President ruled that, by the standing orders, the order of the day, on the Business Paper, for the ' consideration of the amended rules of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund, as agreed to by the Diocesan Council,' must be revoked ; or, if it was necessary to discuss the quesMon, a motion must be made for the suspension of the standing orders, as the report in question was not a bill or ordin ance, and could not be regarded as an order of tlie day. The Rev. Canon White then formally moved that the 19th standing order be sus pended. Mr. P. W. Wright seconded the motion. Mr. H. Lee took exception to this mode of proceeding. This Synod could only pass the amended rules, but they could not carry them into operation. He contended that the neces sity for the alterations had not yet been shown. By the suspension of the standing orders, the Diocesan Council were endeavour ing to throw their responsibility upon the Synod. No result would arise from a pro longed discussion ; it would merely be an ex pression of opinion. He would move, as an amendment, 'That the standing orders should not be suspended.' The amendment was opposed by the Rev. Canon White and the Rev. H. W. Wilson. The President was strongly in favour of the discussion taking place that evening, and was warmly supported by the Rev. W. Walsh and the Rev. Canon Selwyn. The President then asked Mr. Lee, if he would withdraw his objection, as without that the standing order would not be suspended. Mr. Lee declined to wnive his objection. The Rev S. Wood then moved the adjourn ment ofthe house, and was about to enter upon the importance of the question to be discussed when the Rev. W. S. Wilson rose to a point of order, as the speaker moved the adjournment of the house but was then speaking to a motion. The President ruled that the rev. gentleman was in order. The Rev. S. Wood resumed. The 18th rule of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund stated that ' none of the rules should be altered.' He was strongly convinced of the importance of the rule and its essential value to the Clergyman's Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Still he did not think it ri^ht to tie members of the Synod down to their previous conditions. Mr. Hannell rose to a point of order, Mr. Wood anticipating the discussion. There was as yet no alterations before the Synod. The Rev. Spicer Wood thought that, in moving the adjournment, he had a right to introduce whatever topic he pleased. The Rev. Canon White asked again for his Lordship's ruling The President remarked that there was al ways a latitude to those who moved an ad journment, but he thought it would be well to put a limit upon observations upon these topics. The Rev. S. Wood said that on, account of his Lordship's remarks, he would make no fur ther remarks. Mr. R. W. Thompson supported the Rev. Spicer Wood. The Rev. Canon White said that the old members of the Diocesan Council were obliged to bring the subject forward. The Rpv. Canon Child moved, ' That the Synod adjourn till ten o'clock the. next day.' Mr. F. White seconded the motion, with very great regret, and was supported by the Rev. W. S. Wilson. The motion for adjournment was put by the President, and lost. The Rev. J. Shaw then moved, ' That, by permission of the Synod, it now proceed to the election of officers and members of the Diocesan Council.' The Rev. Canon White seconded. The Rev. J. Tyrrell thought it would be unfair to those members who were absent for the election to take plnce then, as it had. been understood that this election would take place on Thursday. The motion was put and lost. The Rev. Canon Child then moved the adjournment, till ten o'clock, on Wednesday. This was seconded and carried ; anil, after notices of motion had been given, and the benediction had been pronounced, the Synod adjourned. Second Day. The Synod resumed at ten o'clock, and was opened as usual with prayer. The minutes were read and confirmed. QUESTIONS. The Rev. John Shaw asked, pursuant to notice, 'Will the report of the trustees of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund, be printed before the motion for its adoption.' The President repliod that ho did not think there was any intention of having the report printed before its adoption. The Rov. Spicer Wood asked, 'Is anyclcrgy. nian in the Diocese entrusted with power to issue licenses for, or to perform tho marriage ceremony, betwixt persons who do not cither of them reside in his parish.' The President replied, 'No.' Ho thought the question might be divided into two parts. He thought the license might bo issue i by any clergyman for those outside, his pariah, but he had no power to perform the marriage ceremony for these persons. CLEBOr WIDOWS* AND ORPHANS* PDItD. The Rev. Canon White moved, ' That the rules of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund, as amended by tho Diocesan Council, be now considered seriatim, and that the result of the discussion thereon bo embodied in instructions to the Diocesan Conncil. in order that such in structions may form tho basis of amendments to be brought before the Synod, at its next session, after due notice given.' The question had been under discussion for three years, and it was desirable that these amend ments should be considered and adopted in order that tho fund should be placed upon a fii-m basis, 'he Synod could not adoDt the amomimnnta -.f ;hat session, tho requisite six months not having -een given ; but the question could now bo do .bated so that they might come in operation in due. course. The Rov. Spicor Wood seconded tho motion, mendment upon amendment had been made and nothing satisfactory had issued, and it would only be right to discuss tho matter. Mr. P. \V. Wright supported the necessity of something decisive being done iu the present session Mr. 13. Lcc strongly opposed the motion. Ho was astonished at tin- course pursued by his Loid ship in sanctioning the resolution Wing put, and thus overriding tho standing orders lie cha racterised the amendments as unnecessary. It was evident from the increase of the fund dur ing the last year, that confidence was increased in the minds of persons insuring, but such pro posed alterations in tho rules would destroy such confidence. He would strenuously opposo tho motion as illegal. Mr. T. lltingerford spoko in opposition to Mr. Lee's remarks. Tho Rev. H. W. Wilson, and the Rov. Canon Selwyn, spoke in favour of the motion. The Ilev. Canon Child could not see the slightest illegality in discussing tho rules, with the idea of future legislation. There would al ways, perhaps, he some gentlemen who would wish to join tho fund without payment of arrears, and some alteration ought to be effected in this respect, although, as a whole, ho would not object to the rules remaining as they were. Mr. John Lee briefly reviewed what had taken plnce iu a former discussion, and maintained that, as it had been allowed on all hands that amended legislation could not eventuate in this discussion, it was useless to discuss it. Ho was opposed to tho discussion this morning as use less and a waste of time. Lot them do the actual business of the session first, and make this question, if it is to bo discussed, an order of the day for Friday. Mr. F. Whyto maintained this discussion would be of tho greatest practical use. They would elicit the opinions of all present, and these would not alter their opinion by next year. He had been always greatly opposed to all altera tions, but had given way to conviction. lie took a very deep interest in the fund, of which ho was a trustee, and would support the motion. Tho lluv. J. Shaw remarked, that ho agreed with tho remark of Mr. Lee, that tho public could not sec tho necessity for the alteration in these rules. There seemed to bu a sudden itch for law- making. He, however, with a view of getting rid of tho subject once and for ever, would support the inotion, in the hopo that it would lead to something that would enable them to rest, and be thankful. Tho President thought it was nut to bo sup posed because tho benefits of the discussion upon theso proposed amendments would not accrue this session that the discussion would be useless. He thought it would be n most a- vantngoous time to consider the amendments. The Rev. Canon 'While replied to the objec tions of Mr. Lee. If he considered the time, ol' the Synod was valuable, so was the time of the Diocesan Couneil. The President then put, the motion, which he declared carried by a very large majority. It was then moved by the Kev Canon White, seconded by the Rev. Canon Child, ' That the President leave tho chair, and that tho Synod resolve itself into a committee.' Tho motion was carried, and tho Synod went into committee accordingly. In committee, tho chair was occupied by Mr. B. Leo. Tho Chairman then pointed out that the amendments brought before tho committee could not be legally considered, because due notice had not been given. The Rev. W. S. Wilson moved, ' That the chairman leave tho chuir, and report a point of order to the President.' Tho resolution before the committee had been passed in Synod, and the chairman had no right to refuse to consider what was brought before them. Tho motion was seconded by tho Eev. Canon Whits ; and the point of order was laid before tho President, who ruled the chairman of com mittee's ruling to bo wrong. Tho committee rvsutn d, and Mr. B. Lee then formally tendered his resignation of tho position of chairman, and moved, ' That thu committee dissolve and, in Synod, elect another chi.innan.' After some disc issioii, Mr. Leo cons nted to olficiuto again as chairman of committee, and pointed out that the proper way, in ordir, legally, to discuss thequestion, would be. to move a resolu tion rescinding the former motion and placing it in a different form, on theso conditions, the busi ness of tho Synod could go on, and ho would re tain his post ns chairmun ; but unless the mo tion, as at present worded, was rescinded, he could not sanction its discussion. The Hev. Canon Whito declined to alter the words of his resolution, and a great deal of time was lost in discussing tho proper course to pur sue, and a suggestion was made to suspend the standing orders, for tho appointment of another chairman and committee. Mr. Hannell considered it was to bo regretted that Mr. Lee should have thought proper to re sign because the suggestion niado by him could not bo carried out. This had caused all tho ob struction. Mr. Ii. Lcc disdained all intention of obstruct ing tho business of tho meeting. Ho had pointed out tho only way in which the question could bo legally considered, and that way had not been acted upon. ike Jttev. uanon Selwyn deprecated tho sus pension of tho standing orders to appoint another chairman and committee, and hoped that some better arrangment could bo discovered. Finally, the President ruled that the debate bo temporarily adjourned, and then called upon the Rev. Canon Whito to move the next motion. Tho Rev. Canon AVhite then moved, 'That the report of tho trustees of tho Newcastle Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund, together with the Treasurer's statement, be adopted.' The amount realised in 1873 was £274 2s. 9d.. and in 1873, no less than £540 7s. lid. It might surprise some, who had not considered the subject, why thero should bo such an in crease in the last year. This was owing to the very great interest n-hich had been excited in the minds of tho members of the churches by the dcuth of two valued members of the clergy ; £100 had been raised by one lady alone, in Newcastle. They had a capital of £1300, which would support, by tho interest, and with additional subscriptions, four pensioners at the minimum, and two of tho maximum. With reference to the alterations in tho rules, there were thirteen or fourteen of the clergy who had a vested interest in the funds, and, therefore, ii would not be right to'roako any radical changes. Thero was also another duty to which he would like to draw the attention ot the clergy, and the members of tho churches ; and that was, me collection oi subscriptions towards the fund. He would ask thorn to carry out tho suggestions contained in tho report, and he then pointed out tho advisability of securing, if possible, the assistance of tho ladies in this praiseworthy duty. * J Iho Rov. O. Walsh seconded tho adoption of the report at some length. The .Rev. H. S. Mallard moved, before the report was adopted, ' That certain words, in re ference to tho Rev. Mr. Shaw, lately deceased, bo altered to, 'who died since the late report.'' The Rov. H. S. Wilson said that if the report was altered it could not be adopted ; it was not liko a resolution of Svnnr! thrtt nnnirl ho nitnroil on a motion. Tho Rov. H. S. Millard then formally moved the alteration of tho words in tho report. ' Mr. Hungerford deprecated the idea of any thing being in tho report calculated to wound tho feelings of any person. The motion for alteration was put'and carried. The Rev. J. Shaw supported the adoption ofthe report, and believed it would bo a great advan tage if the report wore printed with the list of subscriptions received. The motion for the adoption of the report was put and carried. . . .... : . The Rev. Canon Child then moved, ' I hat tho report of the Diocesan Council be adopted,' Hie report, which i, of considerable \nM was commented upon very minutely by th7|( ' Canon. Contribution, to tho Stip/nd F ZiU been sent in by every parish, and there ff an increase ol'£l«Jl 17s. 7d. over the ^T turns of last year; the whole reeei * 1. f ,'''? £1300 fl*. with a balance from C^Slfe 17s. (id., making a total of £5333 18, $5 had been expended in pavius stipands nr ? olep jy, £3910 0s. 0d., leaving a balance in), f* £1414 17.. Cd, ItorVAddK'SSa Fund, it was encouraging to find that£aH id had been forwarded. Twonty-ono parii1 have contributed for 1873. the sum of S f 0d., tho remaining £105 13s. lmvinc been? 7 buted by the Lord Bishop, and lVveral t contributors through him. After an elahnL, comment upon the various kinds of W-X! formed in the diflercnt branches of the Di™. he. concluded by a graceful acknowledgment of the. monies received, and with an eC tribute to the memory of tho Messr °H Shaw, and W.D. It/Lewis, lately decej' He closed hu remarks with an appeal to Si. assist in furthering tho work of tho Gos» ; order to keep pace with tho increasing nonnl? tion. h W' Mr. F. Whito. in seconding the adoption Iho report, expressed a wish tlrnt, in future », cas.ons, tho report of tho Diocesan Conri should bo read to tho Synod, although it k i boon printed. u Tho Rev. Canon Sulwyn, in supporting H, motion, suggested that, in future, that etm parish should send in full reports of their sltb? tine and financial positions. Several had ni yet done so this year. After some explanation from the President u to tho position and uses of the Additio'ml blipend 1-und, the motion for tho adoption d tbo report was put and carried. It being then past two o'clock, Mr. Haw*! moved, and tho Rev. Canon Child second!) 'That the Synod adjourn till seven o'clock tie evening The motion was carried, and tho Synod il journed accordingly. 