LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. (FROM OUR. LOMKW OOItJlESrOÍÍJJENT. ) "THE English in Ireland in thc Eighteenth . Century." By James An- thony Froude, M-A. ; 48s. ; Vols. II. and III. (Longmans.) These volumes open at the year 1767, the second volume closing in the spring of 1789, and embracing a period of agitation and stniggle for national liberty. "Uni- versally," says Mr. Froude, "through the southern provinces lhere was settled and sullen discontent. Acts of savage ferocity, which burst out from time to time, showed that thc volcanic fires were tmextinguished, and might at any moment break out once more ; and all along lhere was a secret connexion between local agrarian passion and political disaffection." Mr. Fronde's theory of Irish troubles is very concise and simple. The Irish are a conquered people, who hate us and detest our institutions. Oui error has been to blink at that fact, to make a present of our benign institutions to them, and to ignore the truth that these institutions, such as trial by jury, are suited only to a free people co- operating with their Government. We gave them an Irish Parliament-which sometimes showed itself " an assembly of idiots "-allowed them to talk as they liked, and to indulge their orator)' to the top of their bent. We allowed a constitutional opposition to grow np, and what was the result? I That Parliament became a sink of ! corruption and sedition, the opposition an instrument of anarchy and affording mischievous scope for "wild Irishmen" like Grattan or Flood. Kind- ness, patience, forbearance, equality, »viii not do. Concession has been tried and has ever failed. Lord Montjoy who wrung from the Protestant Parliament thc first concessions to the Catholics, was found mangled and butchered in the streets of New Ross. Ignorant states- men- Pitt, for instance-thought that kindness might mollify the Catholics, and that if you repealed the Penal Laws, you might bind them to England by affection and gratitude. In their " fine and infatuated credulity " they thought there was' nothing in the character of the Celt and Catholic which made him not amenable to kindness and trust and reason. They could not believe that the Irish peasant, docile and obedient when under restraint, " if let loose flies with a blind instinct- at the hand which has unlocked the chain." They did not know how easily and .fatally the Irish peasant is worked upon by scoundrels who flatter his hopes and play upon Iiis grievances," But Mr. J. A. Froude knows better. He has looked into the Irishman and seen that physically brave, he is morally a coward, " that drink and oratory," folly and patriotism, the delusions created by Mr. Henry Flood, Grattan and other national word instruments, will triumph over good intentions. Concessions have always failed. They have but produced a fresh stock of grievances ; and Mr. "Gladstone was but retreading the de- lusive footsteps of Fitzwilliam, of Moira, and of Carnivalis. Quite differently would Mr. Froude go to work. He has nc notion that Ireland could govern herself, nor that England can govern her. Bul Mr. Froude is more of an historian than a politician, and he is happily in thc minority against the policy of concession However much we may differ from Mr Froude's conclusions, we readily admi the value of his work, which is full ol patient investigation.* Never has thii period of Ireland's struggles for self government been so brilliantly delineated and new light is thrown upon many sub ject. "The Life and Death of John di Barneveld, Advocate of Holland," bj John Lothrop Motley, D.C.L., two vols. 28s. (Murray).-Motley is too wei known and valued an historian for us ti praise, and if this portion of his history ii less interesting than other portions of hi great work, it. is due-rather to the perioi of which he treats, than to his manner o treating it. The great struggle of thi Dutch Republic, in which blood wa poured outas water to defend their ancien Constitution against the Spaniards, wa now past, and an interval of comparative jest ensued. The two chief characters o this period were John de Barnevald ant Maurice thç Stadtholder, son of Willian the ßilent, and it is upon their rivalr; that the "story turns. In the first volumi we have an account of the state o political and religious parties at tin close of the war, and of the efforts madi by the Protestant Union against tl« Catholic League after thc assassinatioi of William the Silent. The secow volume is mainly occupied with tin tragic consequences of the difference between Maurice'and Barnevald. Bot! ; these men were noble, patriotic, and o great ability. Maurice was not conten I to be the Head of a Republic ; hi wished to be its Sovereign. The crowr would undoubtedly have been offered tc his father had he lived, and Maurice who completed the work begun by hi: father, naturally expected the sami reward. Mr. Motley says, " it was nc impeachment on his character that hi should nourish thoughts in which then was nothing criminal, and the Unitec Provinces had not committed themselvei to republican principles. Butwhateve might have been the views of the advocati at one time about a monarchy, they hac changed now. Now that they hac achieved peace and independence, ant were delivered from the fears of Spanisl ferocity and French intrigue, the; shuddered at thc dangers from roya hands out of which they had at las escaped, and he believed that they wonk be capable of tearing in pieces anyom who might make the desired proposition After all, he urged, Maurice was a hundree times more fortunate as he was than if hi should succeed in desires so opposed t< his own good." But Maurice, blindée by ambition, failed to see the iorccTo the statesman's arguments, which wen in advance of his age. And now begat the disastrous struggle which ended it: the trial and execution of Barneveld Well might thc old statesman exclaim as, leaning on ms stan, ne walked out upon the scaffold and calmly surveyed the scene-"O God! what does man come to ! This then is the reward of forty years' service to the State." This work is rich in lessons for the thoughtful, for, although the slaves of party spirit and sectarian bigotry cannot go the lengths of persecution in these days as of old, yet too much of their spirit still remains. "Essays on Rcgligion and Literature:" edited by Henry lîdward, Archbishop of Westminster : third series, (King and Co.) Half-a dozen questions of first- rate importance are here touched upon, and thc views of a powerful party herein find expression. The essay of Archbishop Manning on thc Royal Supremacy, Monsignor Paterson's diatribe against the "brutal" Falch Laws, Mr. Lucas's criticisms of Mr. Mill, are so many official or " officious " declarations of the opinion or judgment of Roman Catholic I ism on great tropics. Archbishop Manning writes with enticing lucidity of style and earnest conviction. This is a new plea for disestablishment. The Church, and, in fact, all Churches, should stand aloof from the Slate. Their relations should bc such as prevailed in England until the Tudor legislation. " If tile civil powers are not, and cannot be united to thc Catholic faith and church, at least let them no longer be i united to a heresy aud a schism "-is an I argument sufficient for Catholics if not for Protestants. -The other essays of consequence are Monsignor Paterson's somewhat rough and abusive attack on - the religious condition of Germany, and a very teamed essay on "Ancient and Modern Spiritism," which shows that Neoplatonists were acquainted with many of the phenomena of Modern Spiritualism. "T, ' "The Annals of the *îwénty:riinth Century, or the Autobiography of the Sixth President of the World's Republic," three vols., 31s. 6d. (Tinsley).-This is another of those books pf pure imagina- tion, which attempt to forecasjf/utuxity, with a mixture of satire upon.-Jö£J>resent doings of the world. The wwä is to have attained to great iftgribgfon a thousand years hence. Mary have power over beasts, birds, ailf fishes ; rain and heat will "be had at will, and even the winds will obey orders. Thc world will befcr^é' vast iepublic, with one metropolis, Which''oppéWed -hardly add will nati»JÂ^i.'f' Thai títjy«''tiie " muddle of n^st^p^.^id^"" the piebald metropolis of^vîmé .Mfl.yice,*' has long been dl^oyed^Br^É^F'' ;á. Chinese invasion, andlsepondtj^^anealrtnqúále without much loss of ifie for the sake of the righteous men found iii lt, Oxford and Cambridge Universites,,symbolical of bigotry, are in ruins. After the mountains are -levelled, the volcanoes de- . ! strayed, the seas submerged, awi other scientific works perfected, the moon is visited and subsequently peopled from earth. The President afterward paid a visit to Venus, add found it£, inhabit-, .-, ants the untarnished and unmu- ,; tilated images of the Most fffeb," '? and - Jie was "blmded^ith^E^îfeht ôf 'their Tieavénl^T^om/' r^0Mçared with- die ,VenusjalTs<.^arth's úihíbitants are coarse and ¿ross ijnd dark.?^|^ank God," says the ^d^ l' tnan'^t^^lnot his own hideousness'.'' ^Our sadMttdry is known to them, andLfijlá mern^^i'Com- passion for us. OHiei? ^l^S, jwire ,t opened up to <»mmirnipsÖ9%^W<i rae president closes his autobiography just , ' ?as he was about to take his first trip to Jupiter. * ; r Z7 ',,.' "The Superhuman Ohgui'not ' the Bible inferred from Itself."- By/Henry Rogers. (Hodder aad&ougWn;). The distinguished author of i'T^e-Eidlipse of Faith" has here produced ,a book - worthy of his fame-and. Hie volume before us'shows that he has' löst oon¿ of * his old charm of style. . It is not our intention to do nore than just to draw the attention of the reader to the book itself. The main thesis of the author is this : " That the Bible is not,6jiich a "book as man would have madp, if he "could, or could have made if he " would." In speaking of " the excep- tional position of tte Bible in the world," he says, " the volume .itself survives both * S friends and foes. Without being-able to ?. speak one word on its own behalf, but what it has already said ; without-.any power of explanation or rejoinder, in deprecation of the attacks make upon it, or to assist those who -defend it, iE passes ^ , along the ages in majestic silence," im- *T " passive amid all the tumult* of ."con- troversy in which it takes nó'part. 0 " Health and Education." By the Rev. Charles Kingsley, 7s. 6d. (fspister and Co.) Canon liingsley» cannot help witing well ¿nd eloquently, and there is much that is good-,in this volóme; but it is a trifle verbose and thin as to matter. Two of the essays are, well worth Uni- versal attention. "The Science1"of Health," and " The Two Breaths "- -# the latter being a clear and popular exposition of the laws of ventilation. " The Lower Education of Women " is a forcible pica for female physical edu- cation; and. here Mr._ Kingsley is in. his element. Many of the essays -have nothing to do with, the main subject But they are none the worse, on, that account, and one bf^Üiem-^'The fife of Vesalius," is deeply interesting., " Health : a Handbook for House- holds and Schools." By .Dr. E. .Smith. (Isbister and Co.) This book is free from technicality, and is 'designed for the uninformed on thc important matters of which it treats. There are chapters on Food, Clothing, Rest and Sleep"; Cleanli- ness, Ventilation; observations-'otfthe - Special Senses ; general remarks . on Personal Conduct and tftalfliif "A Sketch of Physiology," and¡«o address on "The Mind and MenTat^ork." The book is a Valuable!, handbook, well worth reading. . "Coomassie and M^ctaUiiEheStory of two British Campaigns in Afrjcai by H. M. Stanley; ros. Sampson,'T*w, and Co.) Mr. Stanley's.''fojuipe. jjLex ccedingly interesting. ït is ÍJ¿e : Best work wliich he has yet given us... Rapp- ing his business of correspondent -Wei), he was highly qualified to YolIr>w,' ,bur armies to Magdala and Coomassie,'and he has told his story in an attractive way. He is, too,.a more independent-./ witness than any other- correspondent ./ No doubt his nirrative' is a little too ^ personal. To speak of certain of his fellow-passengers as "control officers though wliat in the world theycontrol I know not," as "overgrown boys from Sandhurst airing their sub-lieutenant's uniform for the first time," strikes us -JJ license provoking retaliation, -»^je personal merits of Sir Garnet Wolseley are freely spoken of. There, i^, an unrestrained discussion of his appear- ance, and his opinions on the subject of "Special Correspondents." The "tanto Iising mystery"-that is to isky, his failure to inform Mr. Stanley tof his intended movements-is severely criti- cised, and imputed to a desire that thc Home Government should forestall the A'cio York Herald. Sir Garnet's military merits arc acknowledged j but his diplomacy is pronounced "a total failure." Mr. Stanley has no high opinion of Sierra Leone, or of our work there, or in other African settlements where the children are taught to "cackle (i.e. read and write) instead of how to work." " The much praised Kroomen, though athletic, are useless as allies in war." The I'antees were worthless. He declares that Cape Coast is in a disgrace- ful slate, sadly contrasting with thc con ditton in which the Dutch left Elmina ; a place which, by the way, he pronounces the best residence for an Adinintstrator in-Chief or Governor. All our African settlements are decaying, the natives are in his opinion " spoiled for work ;" and after -»05 .years of possession we have* left the negro subjects,- worthless, shift- ¡ less, and indolent. He admits that our troops'fought well ; thrff thc Government furnished abundance "of all articles: that our officers were" of the right sort; and that the Expedition reflects great credit to the British arms. So far as the merits of the struggle are concerned, it is Mr. "Stanley's opinion that thc AshanteesSvere in the right. To those . who would hand over the Government ~\the Gold Coast to thc Fantees, he ' , <pjpi, " Dp; no such thing. You have inc nucleus of a great empire." What- ever may be one's opinion of this advice, the story of the two marches is graphically told, though the narrative of the Abysinian Expedition is somewhat duller than the description of thc march to Coomassie. Notwithstanding thc manifest egotism, the book teems with valuable original information: and suggestions. "How I Found Livingstone (new edition), with a memoir of Dr. Living- stone," hy H. M. Stanley, 7s. 6d. (Low and Co.)-The chief novelty in this edition is the brief memoir of the great traveller. " It is not a work indicating much labour, but Mr. Stanley tells us some things not known to all; and, among others, that it was a mistake to suppose that Livingstone was 'not poor. His expéditions, though he was some- times generously assisted, cost him much, and absorbed what bis popular books produced. It seems that he declined an o$fer on the gart of the Government to provide iprTiis children. The memoir is valuable on account of the dates which it contains, and the letters which are stored in its pages. We quote one por- tion of the memoir. "Sir Roderick Murchison had come to Dr. Livingstone to consult hiru about a proper person to examine the ^watershed between Lakes Tanganyika and Myassa. What hap- pened, Mr. Stanley relates :-" Living- stone, after reflecting a short time, gave have him the nameof--. Sir Roderick, when he heard of the name, was de- lighted; he' had also thought that, should Livingstone refuse to go, 110 better man could be obtained. The President of the Royal Geographical Society de- parted to isound die gentleman whom his friend'Livingstone had recommended so strongly. When questioned as to his willingness to command this new expe- dition, this gentleman at once politely refused, on the grounds that unless he could be guaranteed a sufficient remu ? iteration for his services, he could not think at his time of life to undertake any- thing of the sort unless'it was remune- rated. '. . . In sore distress of mind at . "this refusal,1 the Enthusiastic geographer .tjätürned to Livingstone, ¿nd, after impart ?¡.»og to ¡the sympathising explorer thc negative results of his mission, said to ' Livingstone-**Why cannot you go? ? Come," let me persuade you. I am sure 1 you will not refuse an old friend.' The \- result of -Sir Roderick's appeal was that ,. Livingstone consented to go as soon as ' possible after the publication of his book on the Zambesi." - .;The Folk-Lpre of Rome, collected ? 'by word oFiqouth from the People :" by '?R.H. Busk 5 pjs. 6d. (I^ngrnans). Mr. ' .Busk says that -he has often heard it h positively asserted that .Italy had no . popular mytliology.- Cesare Conto, .cine of the few' Italians who gave the matter a thought, had. said-" Here among us there are neither writers who, ' ' care to describe, nor readers who take . ¿ny (interest in learning the ways of our own country." The collection is arranged under four heads. 1. Those stories under -which some religious or moral lessons might be conveyed, answering to "JVhat we.cal! legends. 2. Ghost stories and local and family traditions. 3. Parole, or. Fairy tales. 4. Ciarpe or .gossip. It is accompanied by notes, partly philological and partly illustrative bf ' jthe'gelations of the farole to the tales of other countries. This book is worthy to tank with die collections of Grimm, Ralston, Dasenr, and Lonandre. " Àtgus Fairbairn." By Henry Jack- son ; three". vols. (Low and Co). We have here a novel intending to enforce a ? great moral lesson, die interest of which is well sustained. "One summer long ago" a young Oxonian spent his sum- mer vacation ,in Wales, and when there ?.fell in love with a Welsh girl who was \- hardly treated by her uncle and aunt, upon whom she was left dependant It is the old story of seduction with a pro: mise to marry, a promise the young man _ ? really, meant to keep. His mother inter ' cepted the letters between the lovers, which, when the young man discovered, filled hint ' with" dismay. He set out V again for Wales, but found that \- uncle, aunt, and niece had started for some colony, he could not find out which, In vain did he search for her to make all the reparation he could. The son of the owner of the vessel which took the family on board the girl, Lois, from throwing her sM¡9?.erboard in despair, and ultimately married her. But the child born on board the Argus is ultimately sent to England, and becomes unknowingly secretary to Sir William Severn, his own father. It is a sad story, and the way in which theiin blighted the life of father, mother, child, and many innocent persons beside, is very well told. "The Illustrated Sporting Dramatic News," 6d., published by Hughes, is a new weekly paper with well-written articles, chiefly on the subjects indicated by its title. The illustrations are very good, representing actors in their special rôles, beside representations of various recreations and sports. Magazines for June-and foremost . among their number we must reckon the Contemporary, which comprises several articles, any one of which would make the fame of another magazine. Mr. j Gladstone ¿rives a fresh contribution, entitled, "Homer's Place in History."] Mr. Rowswell sends a valuable article on " Sinecures and Saleable Offices," full of rare if not hitherto unpublished infor- mation. Mr. Greg again holds forth on the dangers of England ; Mr. Llewellyn Davies defends Mr. Maurice against thc assaults of Mr. leslie ; and Professor Tyndall defends himself against certain charges brought against him of dealing unfairly with Professor Forbes. In the "Fortnightly," Mr. Cline Leslie con- tributes an article on " The Agricultural Wages of Europe." It is very erudite, and shows that the rise of agricultural wages has been much greater on the Continent than in England. The editor's own paper on " Compromise " abounds in fine sayings, and it will strike every- one as beautifully expressed even if dubiously argued. " Macmillan " is rich in interest. An article on " Female Suffrage," hy Professor Goldwin Smith, will be read by some of his friends with regret. There is also a valuable paper on ." Etching," by Mr. Wedmore ; and Mr. Lechy makes a powerful protest against Mr. Froude's "English in Ireland." The " Cornhill " has an article on thc side of the agricultural labourer ; and Mrs. Lynn Linton writes on the congenial subject, " Every woman wants to look as well as her betters." We have four or five noticeable articles in " Fraser"-"Russiaand Turkey," which sends abroad the disturbing opinion that Russia meditates an advance on Turkey; Mr. Stephens argues on Mr. Ruskin's recent writings ; and there is an amusing article on "What we have eaten." The remaining magazines are average, and call for no special remark. . London, June 12, 1874. 