THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. CLEAR CREEK GOLD-FIELD is proclaimed as follows :— " County of Roxburgh, parishes of Eskdale and Jesse. The gold-fields on Crown lands within the following boundaries : Commencing on the west boundary of the Kir- connel Reserve, within gold-fields as proclaimed 23rd December, 1861, at a point due east from the north-east corner of B. Peisley's 500 acres ; and bounded thence on the south by a line forming partly the north boundary of that land bearing west about 3 miles ; on the west by a line north about 26 chains to the south- east of J. T. Hughes's 1160 acres ; and thence by part of the east boundary of that 1160 acres bearing north to the south-west corner of T. Lawson's 133 acres 3 roods ; thence by the south and the east boundaries of that land easterly and northerly, to its north-east corner ; thence crossing Clear Creek by the east and north boundaries of portion 30, parish of Jesse, W. Commins's 40 acres northerly and westerly, to the east boundary of T. Maher's 821 acres ; and thence by the east boundary of that land northerly, to Bread and Butter Creek ; and thence by that creek upwards, to a point west from the south-west corner of portion 47, parish of Jesse, H. H. Kearney's conditional purchase of 64½ acres ; thence on the north by a line east to that comer, and by the south boundaries of portions 47 aforesaid and 13, and the easterly prolongation thereof, bearing east in all about 1¾ mile to the western boundary of the southerly extension, to tbe Turon River Gold-field, as proclaimed 31st August, 1871, and reserved from conditional purchase at the same date ; and on the east by the western boundary of that ex- tension and part of the western boundary of the Kirconnell Gold-field Reserve aforesaid, bearing south in all about 6¾ miles, to the point of commencement." YOUNG.—A Court of Quarter Sessions is to be holden at Young, on Tuesday, the 10th of November, in lieu of the day fixed by previous proclamation. APPOINTMENTS.—Mr. Benjamin Lee, jun., Police Magic- trate, Bathurst, to be Visiting Justice to the gaol at that place ; also to be Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for that district, vice Marsh. POLLING PLACES.—His Excellency the Governor has been pleaced to cancel the appointment of Root Hog, Mura- dering Swamp, Woodstock, and Trunkey as polling places for taking the poll at the election of members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales for the electoral district of West Macquarie ; and to appoint the undermentioned places to be polling places for taking the poll at the election of members to serve in the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of West Macquarie, viz. :—Chambers' Creek, Cow's Flat, Fitzgerald's Valley, and the village of Mount Pleasant. SPECIAL POWERS.—Mr. Benjamin Lee, jun., Police Magistrate, Bathurst, has authority to exercise at the fol- lowing towns or places—that is to say, at Bathurst, Oberon, and Rockley—within the police district of Bathurst, the special powers authorised to be given to police magistrates by the 2nd clause of the Clerks of Petty Sessions Act of 1857, for a period of two years from the date of the said Order in Council. COOLAH.—Coolah is appointed to be a place for the holding of Courts of Petty Sessions under the Act of the colonial Legislature, 3 William IV., No. 3. PUBLIC SCHOOLS.—In accordance with the 22nd section of the Public Schools Act of 1866 (30 Vic., No. 22), the undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed to form the Public School Boards of the Public Schools established at the places specified in connection with their names res- pectively, viz. :—Eunonyhareenyah, Messrs. William McEntyre, Robert Dunne, John Davison, John Harding, and John Hurst ; West Maitland, Messrs. Jacob Gorrick, Edward Lee, George Australia Smyth, John Wilshire Pen- der, Thomas Lookwood Cooper, Robert Scobie, William Briggs, and Robert Blair-. The undermentioned gentle- men have been appointed additional members of the Public School boards of the Public Schools established at the places specified in connection with their names respectively, viz. :—Tumut, Mr. George Stephenson ; Adelong Crossing, Messrs. Henry Moon and James Teare Wearne ; Cudge- gong, Mr. William Stephenson Capper ; Nelligen, Mr. Andrew Thompson Gibson ; Colyton, Messrs. Robert Thombury, John Dow, and Robert McCook ; Burkeville, Mr. James Lithgow Cobb ; Warialda, Mr. George Fuller- ton,P.M. ; Castlereagh, Messrs. James Evans and Wiliam Landers ; Tamworth, Messrs. Edward George Lewis, William Thomas Goslin, John Patterson, John Densing, and William Blackall. HAWKESBURY BRIDGE.—It is proclaimed that the bridge over the Hawkesbury at Windsor shall, on and after the 8th instant, be a place at which tolls shall be demanded, levied, and taken. VOLUNTEER APPOINTMENT.— Captain Thomas Baynes, Brigade Pay and Quarter Master of the Permanent and Volunteer Military Forces, to be Major on the General Staff of those Forces. EFFICIENCY REGULATIONS.—To test efficiency, every corps of Volunteers will be inspected once in each year by the officer commanding Volunteer Force or other appointed, officer. New regulations are made in substitution or clauses 57, 109, and 120, and of the forms of certificates of efficiency marked B, C, E, and F, attached to clause 63 of the regulations published in the Supplementary Government Gazette of the 29th April, 1871. A GHOST.—From, time to time we (Shoalhaven News) have received startling intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bamerang, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and his whole house hold routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tuesday night Wil- liams's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy-nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all " locks, bolts, and bars," entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed apparently in the garb of a bushman. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bed clothes off the bed, and lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which, it sounded several times as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman, well known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a manila hat on, dressed in moleskin trousers, and a blue Guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, found that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago. 