Cfctrcnil Mmtu The Evg-ltsh Maie, was picbted off Olenelg- shortly before 10 o'clock this morning, and the letters arrived in Adelaide about mid-day — in time to be dispatched by the country mails this afiomoou. Usci-aimer Letteiis. — Letters for the following persons are iying at the Mralhalbyn Post Office .- — Docherty, Chas. Heck, Edward Huston, P. Hedger, Jas. Lampard. Mips C Phillips, Miss M Messrs. Uiddich, Thomas, 'Newiojj, and others. RAixrAM.. — The following is the rainfall for the days mentioned : — J»clies. June 19 h ? -VW-0 June !?fl!ji ? 0.2.50 June 22nd ? 0 110 June 23rd ? 0 090 June24ih ? O.090 .June 25th ? 0 100 Total ? 0.690 The Weather aki- Cuofs .— The former is every thing that couid possibly be desired in this district, aud hence the latter aremostpromisiug in appearance. Parliaj.iekta.rt PArKKs. — We have to acknow ledge receipt of the following Government docu ments, any of which may be seen at this office by persons interested on application : — Tenders for Conveyance of Mails, 1874-7 Votes and Proceedings Petition for Grant for Water Reserve, Kadina Exchange of Sections, ^Hundred of Yaekameoniu die Re-laying Port Elliot Water Pipes Safety Matches Kill Intercolonial Free Trade Bill Petition for Port: at fiivoli Bay'Fout'i Petition for Completion of South-East Dramasre Scheme Petition for Amendment of Lsnd Regulations Petition for Road from North Khinc to Huodied of Bagot Estimate of Cost of Semaphore Railway Petition fir Grr-n* for iidkhburgh Jetty Books Purchased for South Australian Institute Report as to Telegraph to Investigators {Straits Report on Matches wd Fusees Plan of proposed Uailway to the Semaphore Proceedings under Companies Act Petition for Amendment: of Land Laws Petitions for Polling- Place and Telegraph Station at Laura Petition for opening; up Land near Moouta. The Morrav Cau At. — On Wednesday, a petition was presented by Mr. W. Rogers, M.P., to the House of Assembly, from 14 captains of river steamers, in favor of the formation of a canal con necting the Murray with the sea, but was rulud to be informal, as it contained uo prayer. Runaway. — On Monday last, Mr- T. Leaaar was in the act of taking the winkers off his horse in order to feed it, when it was startled by some clothes on a line, aud imreediaiely bolted, knocking devn Mr. Lemar, who was picked up in an insensible state and removed to Mr?. Girdlcstone's house. The horse, pursuing his erratic e-mree, galloped to Mr. Foster's htore, where one of the wheels came in con tact with a po.=t, the quadruped being thrown dowa, and a shaft smashed, besides, to uee a legal term, other *' accnmalative damages.8' The horse, like our Cabiuet Ministers, seemed determined to stick to bis post as long- as he could, but he was &t; leng'b ousted thiough the pressure brought by the oppo sition. Ektehtaixmkxt. — The .Adelaide Union Musical Club (whose efforts on behalf of the Asylum and other charitable institutions have always been so well appreciated in Adelaide) gave an entertainment in the Assembly Room, Strarbaibyn, on- Mondav evening last. The room, we are sorry to pav, was only ^bout half Glled, but tbi* did not seem to damp the spirits of the performers, who were rewarded with frequent nppl.-uipe. The nvrfinnance com menced at «boi;r 8 o'clock by an overture on ihe piano by Mr. W. Schirraer, who also accompanied the singors a!l through the evening. The fir'st part consisted of various comic songs, in which Messrs. James »nd Venn peeraed particularly happy, and a farce called ' A Fast Train ! High Pressure ! Ex press !' which kt-pt the audience convulsed with iaughier. After a short interval, Mr. Schirmer opened the second part by playing his ' Schiriner Mazuika,' which was followed by several comic songs and dances, and also a recitation. ' The Maiiac,' which was given in capital stylo by Mr. G. Gurner. The whole concluded with ihe pcrpam ing extravaganza, ' Carnival D'Afrique,' in which the great American showman, Uarmjm (Mr. A. H. Keaic), gives a masquerade Ball, to which none are to be admitted who bave not the necessarv ticket or 'sqniralent.' The services of Slim Jim (Mr. G. K. Vinme) — certainly the leading character in ;!re play — having been secured, he is caurioned sjrainst lettin? any one in free. However, he is imposed upon first by a Member of the Press (Mr. A. Venn), then successively by the Maid with the Milking Pail (Mr. G. Gurner), Richard the III, with a vision of BoEworth Field (Mr. A. H. Neale), Pa»ganini, Leader of a Christy Troupe (Mr. Venn), a New York Fireman (Mr. James), his batter balf (Mr. Gurner), and tiie Ghost of Hamlet's Father (Mr. Nealt), which was about the most absurd buiksqiuj we itave ever witnessed. The. anger of Baruum may L-e better imagined tbau described ; but be is at length pacified, and after lie and Slim Jim hfid spoken aa epilogue between them, a very pleasant evening's amusement was biviugfit to a close at about half-past 10 with the siiiging of the National Amliem. We would reconuneiM this troupe, if they intend visiting this disirict again, to give more publicity to their intention, when we doubt not a much larger atten dance will honor them. Mh-'Aixax McLean. — We are glad to hear that this gentleman is recovering, although slowiy, from the accident lie met with in Adelaide a short time since, it appears lie was hurrying across Way mouth Street to catch The coach, when he was knocked down and run ov_-r by a f.»ur-wheeled trap. Two of his ribs were broken, a*id he was also severely bruised and injured internally. He was, however, sufficiently well to be removed home the nexr day. Primitive MKruoniPw —Special services in a:d of liquidating the ^tratbalbyn Circuit debt were held in the Primitive JMethodist Cliepei, SJrathalbyn, on Sunday, the 2lst instant, wli«n impressive sermons wero preached to large congregations, afternoon and evening, by the Rev. Thomas Jan-err, of Mount Barker. An excellent tea was provided in the ciiapei on Tuesday afternoou, when the trays -vf^rc piesidcd over by Me^datnes Williams, French, and Field, and Misses Field and JaekHng, ail of whom were for some lime kept fully employed in attending to the requirements of their numerous patrons. A well-at'cniied meeting was heid in the evening, ?wbe-i Mr. Samuel Stanton. of JJletchW, presided. During the evening the Rev. J. li. W:jliams de livered bis wall -known lecture on ' The Character istics of Men,' Avhicli was received sib enthusiasti cally as ever. A comprehensive vote of thanks Jo nil concerned in the gathering was moved by Mr. H. Waters, seconded by Mr. J. H, Watem, and carried unauimously. During th-; evening the choir ffliig several selections ve»y creditably — Miss Field pre siding at the harmonium. The total proceeds amounted to £8 G=. Id. The Ujvehs — The following were the heights of the i ivers, above summer ltva\, last, night;— At lichu ca,3fr ; WuhRunvah. lift, ]0iu. ; Aluury, lOi't (fall ing). — Hiverine JZcrattl.jJ uim 20. T.ixKKTri.ixe — On Wednesday night, a few of the Strathalbyu larrikins gave a change in their usual programme in the shape of a hideous concert, wili- the aid of a lot of superannuated fryiup pans, old kerositie tins, &c.;, for tli« t'specia' benefit of a newly-married couple, who f:ir frnm appreciated the honor conferred tip.m tlmm. Our p.iliee-tronper was so -n on the alert, and succeeded in capturing several nf i3ie young sCTcnadcrs. Perhaps this will scv as a salutary warding to those -who wj.sb. to air their musical talents to an aiiappreciatire .-ladtence. Pout Eixiot Watkrwokks, — A petition lias h;«n pves'JSRed lor tne completion of this w^vk, for ?p-|*:p!) the Kjjgiutcr-hi Chief ivjj-»ri« tl:i. £170 will lie in quired; but we have heard noihing lurher of the matter. i Chess at Mocxt Eaekek. — We learn thai a Chess Club lias been formed at Mount Barker, which meets for play once a week regularly. Dr. Weld has been e'i?cted President; Mr. A. W. Richardson, 'Vice- President ; and Mr. Mincbiu, Secretary. We have heard several enquiries ill Strathalbysi lately for a similar club, and shall be glad to anuouuce a suc cessful formation. The Ikkepressible Jessikgs. — We, with many others, were laboring under the popular delusion that the jrentleman generally known as .Lieat.Corn raander .Jennings, R.N., had gone to lingland to procure his testimonials, but we see by the Sydney Morning Herald he figured very conspicuou-ly in opening a Grand Lodge in Sydney a few weeks ago. ^u^.-—^— ? ?. i 