$ii2zn;idii:r'!i Dtiilgft. ??Tlii.n-V « thirl ninoiiB ycUVin'tiutca, An' faitb Ih'I] j.rc-ul lUwn.' So the new General Post Offico in Sydney was opened with gubernatorial eclat on tho 1st or the month. By all accounts, the building is or a splendid design. In liis speech of poBlal pro gress, (he Hon. Saul has given tokens that he will follow in tbo foolBlcps of Kngland and America, by instructing the fair sex in tbo mysteries or telegra phy. Tho different Governors wired in with their congratulations. Is Governor Jtowcn slightly given lo sarcasm, or was it an innocent little blunder that heper pclrated nt midnight, when addressing Sir Ucrculcs : ' I hope you will hare a pleasant voyage to Fiji.' Perhaps tbo Postmaster-General is inclined to give the lady telcgrnphisU not only a fair means ol earning a living, but us may also in his generosity help them to se cure liiipbaiuls ; or why should they, on the opening day, nsk tho genl. in charge, of the Telegraph Offico at Baiijof vvnngi, 8000 miles ovray, on (ho coast of Java, if be has a wife, and what sort of n place it is he resides in. Hbvttoua fuller. Have yau a mother* iiuvcto.l nlrot'hir! May it bo hoped tbo nnswor, flashed back in twenty minutes by tbo electrical Dutchman, is entirely conseling: ' llnn joewangi is a, very nice place ; hoi, bill healthy. There are nboul twenty Dutch residents and G000 natives ; and' for tbo young lady'n information, I nin not yet blessed with a wife.' In America, n couple hnvo been united hy telegram, and tho fashionable record should read : ' Married, by special wire, by tho Rev. Mr. Lightning, assisted by tho Rev. Mr. Telegrapher.' Before long, Cupid will direct the wires at woll ai tha Post Office. A lawyer residing in tbo yet bridgc lesB town performed a smart act lately, showing the danger of sitting between two Blools. Ho hnd been consulted about n parly conjectured to be in rlifli ? cullies, though it had prcvionsly been (bought ho was making a pile. Under the learned counsel's advice, matters wcro under way, nnd all wns got ready for a blow Hint would recoup tho trusty creditor, whoso patience is by no means cxhnuslivo. Other creditors took a run down lo nsccrtnin if they could get & share, and the aforesaid client, becoming unduly alarmed, basked in tbo sunshine of another legul light, which double dealing wns Boon manifest. ' Ah,*' so liloquised the impatient creditor's first lawyer, ' — — thinks I'm ho-bo, but it such were the case I would bo smarter than OT«r he could bo. Il would pay old ? lo take bis debtor's fixings, hold them, nnd then pay tho other creditors. Ha'll gel nothing now.' Others learnt Ihe lawyer wns disengigod, and before the other side' could tako action tbe clock-in-trndo wob sacrificed for the bonefit of creditors en the spot. There ore a few good horses yet left on Manaro, if the wholo of what has bcon eaid can be true At one of tho hotels the other day, a Snowy River man was talking about a sbnftor twenty-four yoars old thnt he knows, and would baalt to pall against any other horse botweun Cooma nnd the Cottage. ' That old horse,' said bo, 'onoo shifted 42 cwt. at a pinch Down-lhe-Mountain. If I get a match on for £10 or £20, I will drive him. 1I« startB with tho whistle. Von see tbo old horse ehovo-his collar up os soon as be bears this [whistle], and by crikey ho is on his knees quick.' That venorablc equine vegetates close to Bo bundnrnh. An admirable trait of Bony Jack's character came under discussion the other night. The aborigine is not so block as be is painted. A commercial traveller visiting one of the public in Cooma was desirous of testing the above simple darkey's love for money. Placing a half-sovereign and half-a-crown down on the bar-counter, he asked his dusky brother which of the coins he would prefer. ' Bail me greedy,' responded Bony Jack ; ' me take'm little fellow.' ' The commercial was so touched by Bony Jack's disinterestedness that he pre vailed upon him to accept the big coin, the half-crown, and would have shouted brown sherry for Bony only the publican said ho was not permitted by the Act to dispense refreshing cordials to aborigines. That half-sovereign it can be imagined, has found its way into some missionary box for the enlightenment of the heathen. 'It is rovolling to bare the secrets of a hart,' as has bcon printed on one of old Pill's labels, but it may do pleasant Tor him to hear with them, after graduating in collegos of fiction, and devoting tho study of a lifetime to quackery. How refreshing it would bo to soothe him with an elixir prepared by a devoted functionary of State. -'Once upon a time,' as the lairy legeuds begin, a countryman was registering a death, ind be named tbe medical attendant as l)r.' T ? . Jumping lip, and bringing bis chair down with a crash, ^tho registrar mildly rjacu!»ted, ' Dr. T- ? be d ? ! ' O!-1 Pills ought lo huve been there; hill, yini know, quacks that nre wavy at beating the gnmo arc too cau tious to lie in nt the de/vth. Fair friends in (ha bush may be re joiced In hear that tin1 Grecian bend and Alexandra limp have bein revived. Thrifty dnntsols will furbish their old utork, or, as tbo auctioneer!: say, they may nevir l.uvc anoihrr opportunity, the fashions of tbe day being go bending and too limp. Why, the Governor will be in time for the spring meeting nftsr all ; be does not start for Fiji till the 12(h. The limit Club and sporting Jonl-ins will we.tp ; this is i. vale of team. There is a story going the rounds of tho Prast that Commodore Goodenoiigh got the wink to nmuso himself on a cruise about Tasmnuia, and not to drop anchor in Port Jackson till tho sports ar« over at Randwick. The Honorable Henry, starring it in tho provinces, hns bean pitching it strong to the aountry folk. He has a trifle, and always will have, to say in favor of his noble seir. Blest if he can't in ilk a cow, shmr a sheep, judgo cattle (he picked cverv beast at a northern show to tha judges before the awards were made, be saya), grow cereals, edit papers, inn American mail stoamcrs, deal in mer chandise, burlesque doteclivos, cnok ad miring reporters, and manufacture tops. With Uio countless attributes ha liitusalf lands, there ifi but one drawback — h« doesn't and ncvar did mike sugar. Tho ' brummagem ' goes down for all that. How ha worked tbe 'shophftid kings ' or Riverinn. Certainly, ho was a liltia hazy nhiuit the land Inws, and in the fog ho skilfullly avoided tho broakors of arjuntlcrdoiH and free- selection, leaving, tho shadow or ou inference ' how happy no would bn, were t other dear charmer away.' His mission is one or lovo for them. Depend on it, bo will make bay while tin sun shines, and an completely mystify Ihe country peoplu regarding his political views as he one* gulled tin general public with his sensational yarn of the Kinnia Ghost. Parkes nover murmurs about his poetical brilliance, but Hint is now somewhat dimmed by tho soporific Banks of the West. Oh, 11 ay den Hezckiah Hall, whither have you llown ? Il scomi that tho trip of Guncrnl Haul, tho littlo arrangamant of Henry Parkes, has come te grief. The American Blown Mail Servica has collapsed, and H. If. H.'s (no wondtr, tho Promior was captivated by those iu itials) gnrnishocs in Sydnoy art now culled upon lo suffer to Die tune of m few thousands in hard cosh. 