The Sketcher. Don Carlos. FORTY years ago a visitor to Madrid, sauntering into the gardens of the Buen Retire, and directing his steps towards Las Fiéras, where the lions were exhibited, might have seen a little maiden, over whom four summers had jet scarcely passed, descending from a baby chariot in which she had been drawn round the enclo closure, and proceeding with what looked like premature stateliness to a carriage of Royal mag nificence which awaited her. He might have remarked that she wore a plumed hat, a white cloak, iind shoes of an azure tint; that her go verness and two high officials followed her in every movement; and that a squadron of body guards was there to do her honor. Looking on that interesting and imposing spectacle the bravery of uniforms, the splendor of caparisons, the deep homage of the crowd—he would scarcely, however, have imagined that the little Queen —for she was no less a personage—who passed before him was destined to be a source of misery to her native land, which even at tLe present moment seems as far as ever from its end. And yet history tells us but too plainly, and every telegram from Spain still confirms it, such hits been the case. In the hereditary claims of that Royal child had been violated not ouly the treaty of Utrecht, ratified by all the great powers of Europe, but a law which had been solemnly sanctioned by the Cortes of her own country and by the Parlia ment of France. By that treaty, and the law to which it gave occasion, no female could reign in Spain, and the pretty little Isabelita, as she was affectionately called, was sweetly and innocently usurping—neither more nor less —the throne of her uncle, Charles the Fifth. The very deed pur porting to be signed by her father which con veyed the sceptre to her infant hands waa pro nounced by competent judges to be a forgery— part of the bold and unscrupulous "T"*hinafriorHi by which Christina seized the Crown for her daughter, and the supreme power of the Regency for herself. Many, it is true, who loved the romantic " land of the Cid " with a warm and pure devo tion, thought otherwise, and looked on Isabella Legunda as the bodily re-assertion of the old Castilian law, on which the Salic institution, in troduced with the Duke of Anjou, waa but a, new-fangled and intolerable innovation, and who beheld in this charming Nina the pledge of an era of liberty and happiness for their lovely Spain, under the monarchical form of Government of which she was the head. The civil war to which these opposing prin ciples and opinions gave rise, and which lasted for six yean, was but the prelude to greater evils which have since followed. As soon as it had come to an end the reign of Captains-Gene ral commenced. Attempts at personal violence, even to the Queen, were only defeated by force of arms at the doors of Her Majesty's chamber. One year Pampeluna is shelled in the intercut of the Regent, and the next Barcelona is bombarded on the score of its Republican sympathies. Es partero deposes Christina, to be himself succeeded by his desperate enemy Prim, who is himself de clared a traitor by Serrano and his crew. The names of Olozaga, Narvaez, and O'Donnell re present pronunciamentos, dictatorships, and coupsd etat, which followed, till the conspiracy of Prim, aided by the gold of Montpensier, drove the Queen from the throne of her father, and opened the way to the fresh series of calamities which have since then befallen her unhappy land. Over all the strife and discord of the last six years, during which Spain has tottered from re volution to revolution—now living her feverish life under what Grattan once called a stracocracy, and again enduring in sullen silence the wretched experiment of a foreign King—a form, like the ghost of a long-vanished past, has ap peared again upon the heights of Biscay and Navarre, and in accents thoroughly Spanish, which find an echo in thousands of generous hearts, tells of the ancient glory of his race, points with flashing sword to his ancestral rights, and calls upon Spaniards to give peace to their distracted country by rallying once again to the principles of legitimate monarchy in the person of Charles the Seventh. In the confusion of all things Spanish, and the proverbial difficulty at arriving at any clear com prehension of the Cosas d Espana, we may well hesitate to pronounce an opinion on such claims, put forward at such a moment. On one point, however, all trustworthy witnesses seem to be agreed, and that is, the high personal character of the youthful pretender, and the rare intelli gence, the brave spirit, the charming dignity of her who shares his fortunes, and who would add lustre to his throne. This royal couple have not been spoiled by much of the ease and luxury of royalty. Don Carlos, himself the descendant of a long line of kings, first saw the light in a modest inn of a little Austrian town, amid cir cumstances of privation which rarely fall to the lot of the humblest burgher's child. The storm of revolution bunt over his cradle and drove his parent* from the tranquil residence to which they were journeying in Vienna to thebrtternen of exile, which, even in the sheltering arms of England, was not the less difficult to endure. There his only brother, and now faithful com panion in arms, Alfonso, was born, and there the little family resided till circumstances compelled the mother and her two children to depart to her native Duchy of Modena, whence revolution drove her once more a fugitive, but this time into the hospitable palace of her uncle, the Em peror Ferdinand, at Prague. The childhood of the Princess Margaret, Don Carlos' noble and de voted wife, was hardly less gloomy and eventful. The misfortunes of her family and her early orphanhood threw a shadow of seriousness over her life which made her look, when a bride of eighteen at the alter of Frohsdorf, many years older than she really was. Both of them are distinguished by their varied accomplishment*. Dona Margherita, as well as her two brothers and her sister, were all carefully educated, but she was particularly remarkable for her solid acquirements, her natural grace, and deep religious sentiments. Her husband, as is well known, is a young man who to a resolute character joins studious habits and natural gifts which would make him eminent even if he were born in a humbler social rank. From his earliest years history became his favorite study, and above all the history of Spain ; and a Spanish gentleman who visited him soon after his mar riage says " Spain indeed was the dream of his life." The hero whose history had most attrac tion for him, after King Diaz, of Bivar, was the Conquistador, whose life he once commenced to write, and may yet live to bring to a termina tion. His manner of living in these early married days was simple in the extreme. "Is was that," says the writer we have already quoted, "of a Prince who, bred in the school of adversity, has the firm resolution never to despond, and never to let opportunities for attaining the great end he had in . view be lost by his own want of energy." Nor is Don Carlos the reactionary absolutist or bigoted Ultramontane he is some* times represented. Visits to London and Paris, which he frequently made about this time, brought him into contact net only with the leading men of his party, but with Spaniards of all political creeds, and foreigners of every shade of opinion. He sought information from all alike ; his reading continued to be extensive, and his knowledge of men and books, we can readily believe, developed in the generous heart of this young Prince sentiments with which in tolerance and fanaticism could have no place. Those who knew him in the unpretending mansion of the Rue Chauveau Lagarde tell with enthusiasm not only of "the atmosphere of an tique virtue" which one seemed to breathe under that humble roof, but of qualities that would render the Duke of Madrid, as he was then called, the most popular an 4 beloved King that Spain has ever had. M. Aparisi, a Spanish writer who knew him intimately at this tf me, says :" I have often remarked to others, 'If it were possible for Don Carlos and Dona Mar gherita to live at Madrid as private gentlefolks, and if Madrid knew them as we know them, Madrid would turn Carlist for the love of them.' As for me, I do not know a nobler or purer i heart than that of Don Carlos. During many hours of calm and serious conversation, I have often tried to make his heart vibrate, and always found it had a ready echo for great things. He h'ves in Paris, where pleasure spreads her net on every side for youth ; and he passes his days in study, and his evenings in the society of his be loved wife." Englishmen, and men of various nationalities, who were admitted to an interview with this young Prince during his residence in the French capital, repeat the same praises of his liberality and large-heartedness. " The im pression made on me," says one, "washighly favorable." "He laughs," rays another, "atthe notion that when on the throne he will arrest all intellectual progress . . . and be guided in State affairs by no adviser but his confessor." " I have no doubt," remarks a Spanish writer friendly to his cause, " that Dou Carlos of Bour bon perfectly comprehends that if he mounts the throne he must not be the King of any one party, but of all Spaniards." And, later still, we learn from M. Tbieblin, whose letters in the Melbourne Argits, signed " Azamat Batuk," have so often iustructed us, that when that journalist referred to the influence which it was supposed the clergy would assume on the accession of His Majesty, the ready answer was : " I venerate very much the priesthood as a body, and I like a great many of the priests I know personally, but I should very much dislike their interfering in anything outside the Church." On the heroism of Don Carlos and his devoted followers an attempt has been made lately to cast a stain. We will not say that all who find a place in the Volontarios are men of the same feelings as their chief, and we doubt not the pos sibility of bloody reprisals in the excitement of war, but we cannot help believing, with the Saturday Review, that the evidence of the atro cities attributed to the Carlists is not unim peachable ; and, with the King himself, that in the executions which have taken place justice has been tempered with mercy, in proof of which he appeals to the ruins of Abazurza and Villa tuerta, and to those who were his prisoners be fore incendiarism and assassination had disgraced the Republican troops. Even the " murder "of the newspaper correspondent, of which German politicians are making such ample use, for pur poses of which no one has any longer a doubt, resolves itself now iuto the condemnation by a council of war of the leader of a cut- throat gang, who by his own act had placed himself beyond the range of international law. Of this latter event Germany may one day find she has made rather too much. As the Paris correspondent of the TiuU4 points out, it is one of the most cherished traditions of Spain to manage her own affairs, aud energetically repel any foreign inter ference. The leading organs of the Press, both in the capital and the provinces, scorn the idea with impatience, and Carlist and Serranist share the same feeling, which in Mexico so lately showed the danger of "i*i'"g in other people's •Aura. 