THE RELIGIOUS STRUGGLE IN GERMANY. The fight against Ultramontanism that is now going on in Prussia and in other States of the German Empire, gives rise to questions in which all States and all Churches are more or ■ less interested. It lias always been a difficult matter, tolsettle the' boundary lines between .State and Church, between civil and ecclesias tical authority, and the difficulty is of course all the.greater when,the.church or churches are being supported by the State, and one is tempted to say that the very devil—the author of all mischief—is in it,-is very certain to bo in it,’wtehj .as is the. case in the Catholic parts of -Prussia,; the.rulers of the State belong to one confession, and-the Church that is °Bnp. ported by others belongs to another. There is small prospect of; concord in that case. The %M v dif;'which the ‘. whole world is hearing so much, in these days is, in fact, a very old one as old as the Reformation. But it has especi ally been conducted,so far as Prussia is con cerned;'-mth ; varying fortunes, but with increasing;‘bitterness, since the year 1835 when, that stormy petrel, Albp. Droste zu Vischering, entered upon charge of the See of Cologne. Afhat ambitious prelate gave no end of trouble to the ! Government, and the Ultra montane policy inaugurated by him, has been powerful in Germany ever since. Up till some two years: ago, it is to be admitted that the German Ultramohtanes, in their contests with the Government, had decidedly the best of it. But at; present,judder thestrong hand of “ that terrible Bismarck,” it is clear that, however loudly bishops, shorn of, their authority, may complain, and however fiercely the Ultramon tane" Centre ” in the Prussian Hand Toy may shriek,. Ultfamontaiiism has become rather powerless in Germany. How far, are Bismarck and those who have acted along with him to be held as being justi fied in what they have done ? . Punishments have' been inflicted oh recalcitrant ecclesiastical dignitaries. The ruthless Chancellor has, in spite of r all warning, been guilty of touching the Lord’s anointed and-of doing His prophets harm. Bishops have been fined and impri soned"; leaders of religion have been interned or expelled; It is a very strong hand indeed that' Bismarck has put on German, and specially on Prussian Ultramoutanism, and he does hot seem , the least in the world inclined to take it off again. ■ The plea that the Prus sian .Government have to' make for themselves is that in,’all such punishments as they have thus'inflicted they have been only visiting with the proper chastisement those who have been found, after due investigation, to be more or less in a state; of disaffection, of actual re bellion against the State. Those troublesome bishops and archbishops, priests of the Holy Ghost, Lazarists, Eedemptiouists, and all the restof theih, have been proving themselves a dan gerous dement in society, have been plotting against the, peace and welfare of the State, and will yield no proper obedience to the laws. They have been forgetful oftheir duty as citizens and subjects. We are bound, now at last, to let them know that we are stronger than they. : There can be no doubt that Bismarck and Falk and the other, members of the Prussian 'Government are 'perfectly conscientious in stating that they regard the measures they have taken in reference to the pretensions of the Ultramontane portion of the Catholic clergy as necessary. Those pretensions, they say; are in reality dangerous to the State; and the same view has now been adopted and made the igro.uhd of legislation by the representa tives of the whole German Empire. It has become a serious matter when a whole mighty nation like that of Germany has deliberately made up its mind that there are claims being made, .on it in, the holy name of religion to which it can give ; no answer save by crushing them with a strong hand. The assertion made by the leaders of German affairs is, that they have no, wish to control the conscience of any man, cleric or lay; that they only wish to guard themselves against a power that has become perilous for the State. If they can prove tliat to the satisfaction of rational men, then it must be admitted that they have found a very fair excuse for the hardships they have inflicted.. .. A - On the other hand, we are very confidently told that the evils that have been taking place in Prussia ; and Germany during the last and the present years, the enactment and the exe cution of the Falk and other laws, tie expul sion of the Jesuits, the imprisonment of high dignitaries .of the Catholic Church, and so forth, savor far too much of persecution to b® quite in agreement with the spirit of this century. Were not those men who have been visited with civil paiiis and penalties doing what they did in the service of their religion Were not they obeying the dictates of their own conscience, and is it not a thing upon which all men have at last agreed, that t e State has no right to interfere with tbe con science ? Surely no Bismarck or any other a» any fight to say in what manner any one s > ■exercise the religion which he professes. ® Church must be sovereign in all matters ot conscience, - aud if the State interferes in an) thing belonging to the conscience, is i i> plain that the State is guilty of persecution Conscience is awonderfully clastic wort, * we have to find out that it is also 111 . so ®j cases rather an elastic thing. Them is department- of life whatever in which a n \- not need of his conscience, and m" ! he. may not. plead the dictates of his c science for what he does. The Ultramon . claim on behalf of the Catholic Church is its decisions must be regarded as su l )re .® e a , final in all matters pertaining to “ hj 1 morals " ■ The State is not to be alloivea interfere with any of its subjects on * question of faith or of morah). far as. the faith is concerned, w ®. a ' f course bound to deny the right of ence on-the, part of any power * ‘ with the belief of any one. But mre to morals, the case is veiy different- Church takes it upon itself to fix the him morality, to determine , how fartha a-) tend and’ under what direction it 1 .w,, exercised; if, for example, it decrees o who'belong to it the whole nature an oftheir duties as subjects, and_at BOrC( they may refuse-to be good s ll^ 6 ‘ ’ j, o uld it is hot to be wondered at if the p ■ ." • ; onS not accept of any such ecclesiastic _ as final, and should say : .‘ f ,, nim ist something to say about all that: " j know how we stand with our subj they with us: in what .way they ai otlier ing their affairs as citizens bound t • j£ and, to us,” It is impossible for any' a it wish to, have its affairs condn wholesome .and: satisfactory way, settled questions affecting . morals t° " poff fof 'its subjects., by any Chu .- r infallible ■ that Church may reckon itself, tif is possible to conceive that an Infallible Le should declare it, to be part of the duty «Mch the Catholic subjects in any State owe Thim as their spiritual head not to yield any' Wiance to their civil Sovereign, in which, Vwther fancy,' it would become the duty .of the State to enforce allegiance from its sub jects, in spite of any Papal allocutions or persecution ’ —is it the' fair eSefeisc of a righteous P.’iciiority 1 I'hat is the Issue pre sented to our consideration in judging of those Carman affairs. Do those Falk laws, of 1873 mean really such compulsion of the conscience of the subject on the part of State as: no has a right to arrogate to itself ? ;or do they mean only a determination on the, part of riie State not to allow its safety to be endan gered even by those who may claim conscience for what they do I Are the Ultramontane pretensions consistent with the freedom and independence of the German, nation, and if not are the German rulers justified, in resort?: ing to those very decided measures which they have adopted in the way of check to those pre tensions 1 In other words, Is, it a fair fighV between two hostile powers that is how taking place in Germany—a fight in which” each side has a ririit to use the weapons that are; at its disposal? or is it only an oppressing of jthe weak by the strong in the unjustifiable abuse of authority ? Not Germany alone, but Ihe world has an interest in these questions. It is necessary to have them fairly stated so, as tube able to judge of the whole case. - After ;all,. are we not justified in regarding, the present conflict .as only another, development of that: mrihty warfare which began' upwards of °three centuries ago? Only the two <rrcat protagonists in.the,fight are no longer Luther and Loyola, but Bismarck and Pater Sects—a fact which sufficiently shows the dif-: ferent state of things to which we have arrived; Meanwhile the fight still continues. The Centre rages aud is furious. The German Jesuits are carrying the tale of their wrongs through Europe, and are surprised that Europe has grown rather deaf on that side of her old head; having had only too much reason, in former ages to distrust those Jesuit gentlemen. Ultramontane bishops are trying to play the martyr, but find for the most part that the; air of a Prussian prison does not suit their epis copal constitutions, and are forced into unwilling submission. Bismarck marches on; calm, cold, and relentless as fate, strong of will and strong of Land to accomplish the objects he has set his heart upon; while Dr Falk goes flourishing those four laws of his in terrorem over the heads of all recusant bishops;, deans, priests, friars, and the rest, who will not yield him the proper amount of obedience. How it is all to end no man can foresee,. There seems only too much reason to fear that neither the Ultramontaiies on the one hand nor Bismarck on the other would hesitate to-plunge Europe in another blood-bath of war sooner than forego their several claims. It may be, after all, that the Falk laws, notwithstanding their severity, form the chief strand in: the cable that is keeping Europe from drifting out into the wild battle-tempest again: in which case we shall try to forgive Dr Falk and them. 