RAMBLING IN QUEENSLAND. I l'KOM A COKllBSI'OKDBN'T. I Strange to state, although I made strenuous efforts to reaob. both race meetings — Toowoomba and Dalby — I only sao ceeded in witnessing the last day's sport at each place. I took nonoteBfor the Sydney Mail, as I do not like doing wort by halves ; furthermore, in extenuation, I might add that the telegraphic notes, forwarded long before this reaches Sydney, not only give the result, but as good a description as £ could forward, for the fields were wretchedly email, and the events nearly all certainties. Right up the line, Brisbane, Ipswich, Toowoomba and Dalby, this has been the case ; and the ring— Messrs. Jones, Cook, Fenton, Johnston, and several others— must buva suffered a considerable decrease of bullion; indeed, they may look upon themselves as benefactors this season to tha worthy sporting folks of Queensland, a consideration that to them 1 know is most pleasing. When doubles embracing two handicaps are baoVed at even money, and threes to one laid on singles, when, people fight shy of laying twenties to fours about trebles, and events prove them sensible thing*— to use a sporting phrase — must be very unsettled for the book, however placid they may be for backers. The meetings brought out three demons, with which, the commoners had not the ghost of a chance, and they gobbled up all the cups, plates, and concomitants of the four meetings I have mentioned, and stiil seem anxious for more. First of these I will place Zanco, a strapping fine grey gelding, aged, nearly as big as Loup Garou, but a great deal more of a shaped one ; bred -by F. C. J. Wildash., by Pioneer (imported — a Voltigeur), dam Gitana, by Vagrant by Vagabond (imported) ; grand-dam by Rajah (an im ported Arab). Of this Zanco more may be seen when he makes his appearance at the Sydney Metropolitan Meeting, where I believe he is going if at all fairly treated by the handicapper. What this horse can do I can only surmise, having seen him but once race in an event that was a mere canter at Toowoomba. My friends informed me that he can travel, M'Callum had no chance with him ; but that could not be wondered at for the little fellow was notori ously unfit, at least so all good judges said. From the grey's appearance I fancy he could cover two miles in very respectable time, and if fit, would be a very rough outsider at any meeting in the colonies. Demon JNo. 2 is our old friend The Nob, cared for by Lewis. Strange to say ths chestnut has gone straight as a dart every race he started for in Queensland, and won, I think, nine out of ten. Demon No. 3 proved to be a chestnut named Erin, the pro perty of Mr. Benjamin ; the horse, though of moderate quality, (he much reminded me of Captain Cook, our Home bush hero), was as fit as he could be made, and won hands down, although he had not Zanco to meet. Nemo, a natty looking Kyogle horse, also distinguished himBelf , on the whole. The four I have mentioned were as tritons among the minnows, and spoiled the interest that good racing and good prizes should bring forth. The Toowoomba course is a very fine one, fenced in, with, good saddling-paddock, grand stand, very fair arrange ments and fine running ground ; it is distant from the Rail way station about two miles. I reached the course for tha second day's sport, was introduced to Mr. Balls, the secretary, and had a look round. I verily believe that all the card sharpers of Sydney were on the ground, fellows that I have seen dozens of times plying their vocation at Rand wice— there they were with a few of the same kidney of Queensland wording away at all their little gamesumno lested, although a dozen policemen at least were on tho ground, many of them gazing with open months at tho three-card trick ; I [never saw such open gambling or a more comical sight. A person could not pass from the paddock to the back of the stand where the bar was placed without running foal of an under-and-over table, a roulette, or a modest three card box. Out of evil good may come, and this much E did discover, that the greatest preventive to the little games if I take my experience ot ''oowoomba as a guide, is to allow the sharpers their full swing, for having full swing and opposition only from themselves seemed to me rather to retard the trade ; therefore I Jwould counsel the Blues of Randwick to follow the example of the Queensland guardians at our next meeting, just to give it one trial, that is if our sharpers will ever return from this place, which, must be to them a perfect paradise. At the Dalby meeting, which took place a week after Toowoomba, I arrived a day too soon, by going on the second or last day — for a more miserable time I never spent. By way of explanation a few words will suffice ; tha Boil is black, and it rained both days. Oh ! it was so soft, swampy, and tenacious ; the fields were very small, bat the state of the jockeys after each race made amends, and tha hearty laughs which greeted each black face almost recon ciled one to anything, Fancy a hack hurdle race ?with four starters under such circumstances. I have seen a few good things, but it surpassed anything I have ever witnessBed. I am glad to say, although in it there were a few falls, no one was hurt, and the best horse, a chestnut, named Atlas, that had a habit of putting his forelegs over the hurdles and taking a rest before he brought the remain ing two over, won in a canter. Thecoureeis but a mile from the town, and in,, fine weather is no doubt a good one. The prizes were good, and the officials obliging, and well up to their work, but the rain marred all, and what should have been a fine meetingpasBedawayasapartial failure. Nextyearl hope the various meetings in Queensland will receive a little more notice from our Press, and that several of the New South Wales horses will put in an appearance. I feel almost certain, were proper publicity given to the various programmes, that several of our horse owners would put in an appearance ; the prizes are well wortn th» riBk, and the meetings follow each other in quick succes sion, so but a short stay from home would suffice to cover them all. ? ^ The sand blast is said to work well in cleaning the walla., of iron and stone buildings. 