[?] . , PBOWGHE, — o EPHOOUE. I gy Justin M'Caethv. prologue. I ir TVnest Lyttleton, of the Temple, I i &s; an anthor, by choice rather I Kr ssitT- He pleased himself I ti8!- v that he was drawn or driven to 1 111 ,u» sheer force of inspiration liters some annual income I lSt of any literary earnings, I "Turns. perhaps, fortunate, in one I serine that his literary earnings I JCD£e' nt ereat. In another sense, how- "t mar have been unfortunate, for I 'id to hre by authorship, he might f made a better success. He was I VMR old, good-looking, and active. I Hecould do many things very well. He ereat at athletic exercises, played I eial instruments, and was an excellent I "ur Ernest' Lyttleton's literary efforts I OTre varied. He bad published a volume I f essays, which received high commenda- I L from the best critics, and lay a mfr I tionless load on the shelves of the pub- I lisher He wrote three novels, each m a I different style, and each in ita way I admirable, buff just wanting that Httle I something which ensures success. They I received high and just encomiums from I the critics, and then successively fell I dead. He wrote a very clever little I comedy, which was played with great I success in private, but being brought ont I on lha stage, proved a failure. Then he I thought he would redeem the sinking I drama of his country, and he wrote a I really fine and poetic play, filll of thought I gnd pathos, and even passion. But he I had forgotten that a drama now must be I mitten to suit the peculiarities of the I fouling actors. The leading lady said I jfo couldn't see herseif in the part of I lyttleton's heroine. The piece was played I ei rights, and then withdrawn. I Onr hero began to think it was time I fo reconsider his position. He had made I cis distinct efforts at success, and had decisively failed in each He began to grow ashamed of himself cynical, and I moody. He thought of a long journey, of exile. He thought of marrying, but though he liked ever so many women, he did not like any particular one better than the rest He thought of trying to I go into Parliament, only he reflected that he would be certain to lose his election, or, if elected, to prove a dead failure in the House. Lyttleton had Mends, Bocial position, health talent, and money, and yet life began to look very dreary to him. Hen like him are more often in die mood which leads to suicide than the world, or even, perhaps, the men themselves, are aware of. Wandering one day, in a depressed and weary condition, ont from Us chambers in the Temple, Ernest lyttleton lost himself in a maze of narrow streets, where only poor people lira They were the oddest little streets, ; such as only the old parts of London can show. Here you saw the remains of what had evidently once been a stately palace Perhaps some Surrey, or Leicester, or Percy once occupied it, when the way in front was clear to the river. Now a separate family swarmed on every floor, and clothes-lines hung out of its stone- corniced windows. Next to it was a regular little rural cottage, with red tiles on the roof, and a porch, and a window m either side of the porch — tiles, porch, and windows now all smoke-begrimed and decaying. The town had grown aronnd this little cottage, built it in, blocked it up, and inclosed it helpless there, litethe pretty bride of the ballad in the old oak- chest. A few of the houses had little court-yards in front. Others rocked forward, bulging into the narrow street, like shabby imitations of the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Of course, there was the usual proportion of gin-shops. The smallest London street seems to re quire at least three gin-shops to supply its needs. But even the gin-shops here partook of the quaint and antique cha racter of the place. They were not flashy and pretentious institutions, sparkling with crystal chandeliers, and served by young ladies in black silk and chignons. They were small, dark, aDcient struc tures, with a step down at the entrance, by virtue of which the incantions viator sometimes presented himself headfore most. The entire thoroughfare seemed to end in one darkling pnblic-house — to close, finish, and die there. But when yon came quite near yon found that a narrow archway, opening through the public-house, admitted the passenger to the outer world again. Mr. Lyttleton was drawn, despite of himself and his own grievances, to ob serve the place aronnd him. "People really live here !" he thought- " They struggle here, and have their ambitions and failures, and make love and are loved, and win their success or are utterly discomforted, just as everywhere else. I should like to know something of life in a place such as this." Glancing upward he caught a glimpse of a window is one of the largest and oldest houses, 'here there was some attempt at an ornamental blind, and certainly a box of towers ; and he thought what a picture, 'hat a story, Dickens would have made sven out of a glimpse like that. He thought of another great artist, perhaps ' greater artist, in the same field of art -he remembered George Sand's poor Genevieve with her flowers. " There may be a romance or a drama there in ttat house," he thought, " for any body Who has the wit to find it" Then sud- en y it flashed upon him that perhaps own lack of literary and dramatic uccess had been owing to the fact that e never mingled with real life outride I'h 0B11 e circle that sitting in the re smking-room of his London j ne had .spun plots and people, ro- i?"65 sufferings, out of his own « m circling clouds of his cigar, whii »» I0'1 8 and live there for a apsln thought our hero, looking op had i. a6 6e S1 ld house which wina Lof dwera in its upper live iT' ' y caa't g there, and tuvselffi88 tlle peple do, and steep nlace , J atmosphere and life of the twTs r,„ 80me genuine materials some tfy. ' I'll plunge Into aj""1 condition of life here or elae- g . 18 eearch of the romantic, as Dr. went in search of the picturesque. J' ®«ged into a bJdeHtlt, a passing cab, and went home. A I, gMterval of some weeks may be "ww® to have occurred when Hie Jpm rises on the life of Sword- nuainta or such is the name of the narrow street which has just been described. Theplace, though miser- ably-poor, wasnot nproarions, or drunken, or squalid. Therewaa an air of li.wi and painful work about % but also an appearance of deceniy. The honse with the ornamental blind, or attempt at one, and the boxof flowers, had many lodgers. On the ground-floor lived a gold-beater and his family One floor above were lodged in the front rooms a postman and his household ; at the rear a bill-sticker and his wife and children. Higher up again, a little colony of artizana Still higher were the two little rooms, in the front one of! which was the box of flowers ; and over this again, under the sky-line, lodged, in separate rooms, two young men. The room with the flowers was occu pied by two asters, one a little girl of twelve, the other some three-and-twenty. Three-and-twenty worked for both, the work being the making of artificial flowers. Three-and-twenty had a fine, tall figure, a handsome face, and feir hair. She was dressed in very poor black clothes, was marvellously neat for such a place, and had white hands which even her work did not apoiL She was called Annie Prince ; her sister was Nellie Prince. Theyjvcre orphans, and alone in the world. It is summer, and the heat is stifling. The window is open, and the door is partly open. The little room in which the sisters are sitting has only two or three chairs, a table, and a shabby old sofa in it, bnt it is clean and well-kept, Their only other apartment is a little bed-room. Annie Prince sits at tile window working away. There is little to distract her attention, for the only view is across into the bedroom windows of some lodgers over the way, where washing is taken in, and the room is perfectly festooned inside with drying nnder-garments, or into the lane below. It is near noon, and most of the popula tion are away at thcur work, and the lane is lonely. Snddenly Annie, having looked ont, draws in her head, and says, in a very sweet voice, albeit dashed with a certain tone of alarm, " Oh, Nellie dear, please do shut the door !" Annie's lap is encumbered with her work, and she cannot well get np and shut the door for herselC Nellie is. idly busy on the floor with some scraps of green and crimson, and is in no haste to move. " Nellie dear, George Bansom is coming np, and I don't want to see him." Bnt a step is heard on the stairs now so near that to shut the door might be like an act of rudeness. People can't keep to themselvee always in snch places as this ; and so Annie checks her sister, who was scrambling np too late to shot ont the visitor. A tall young man stands in the doorway. He is yellow-bearded and rather handsome, but there is a vague suggestion of dissipation about his whole appearance, and bis pale gray eyes seem ill to bear the sunshine. "Good morning, Miss Prince!" he says, with a dash of sarcasm and an air of mock-deference. " Good-morning, George ! How soon you have come back !" " Yes, I've got a holiday to-day, and, by Jove, I mean to use it, too ! Look here, Annie : I want to take you and Nellie to Greenwich." Nellie's face beamed with delight for a moment, bnt then was quickly cast down as she noted her aster's expression. Annie shook her head. " I am sony, George, bnt I have no end of work to do, and I can't go." " Can't go ! Oh, staff ! you know you could go. It's only working double tides to- morrow and the day after." "I can't go, George." Yon won't go, yon mean ; that's about the size of it? Now look here, Annie, this won't do ; no, by Jove, it won't ! You are treating me badly, and I don't mean to stand it ! Yon know I needn't he in this sort of beastly old place at all if it wasn't for yon ! Hang it all ! the fellows I know don't live in this sort of place !" "I know you need not live here, George, and I wish yon wouldn't. The place is ponr and miserable, and I never wished yon to follow ma" " But I do follow yon, and will follow yon until yon marry me ! Yon said you would." " Oh no, indeed !" " Well, as good as said it, when your father was alive, and when he asked you. Yes, you did. Well, you didn't say you wouldn't. What have you got to say against me ? Look here, I am making two pounds, ay, and three pounds some times, a week, and I can afford to many, and keep yon and Nellie too. What have yon to say against me ?" He came into the room and caught her -wrist. "George" — her tears were frilling feet — " I never promised you — never, in deed! But yon know that I don't like your ways of late. You spend your time badly ; you are out late, and yon — yon—" " I drink too much, I suppose, do I S Well, I do drink a little now and then, bnt whose fault is that ? IPs your own ; yon drive me to it F She shook hex head " No, no, George ; the only time when I thought I might have been willing to many yon was the very time when I first noticed all this, and that would have put me against marrying you, if nothing rise did" "But suppose I promise — suppose I take my oath that I won't drink too much?" She shook her head again. "Oh, George, do, for the sake of bid times, let me alone 1 Don't torment yourself and ma I can't ever marry you I", " Nellie, look here, yon run into the other room. See, here's a penny j go and buy an orange." Nellie can away, delighted, before her sister conld interfere. Bnt Annie Prince was not afraid of her lover. " Now, Annie, I most know all about this! Who's the man that has come in side me with you 1 I most know 1 X had a good chance with you one rime, but you have changed to me lately ; and it's some other fellow has caused it If I ever know him ! Tell me his name !" His manner grew menacing and fierce, but the gM was perfectly calm. She was about to answer, when a deartenor voice was, heard ringing on the stairs, and the tread of a man rapidly ascend ing ; and then all at once Annie Prince did start, and the red blood rushed into her face. A young man with a mustache, and wearing a cap/passed thethreshold, looked in, seemed about enter, then j drew back, nodded pleasantiy to George, took off his cap to Annie; bounded np timstaito to thehigfaest flobT. ; ; , George Bansom looked fixedly at Aimie'a stall crimBon cheebs and down- ca®t eyes, and was silent for a moment. Then he said, . "Let's say no more about it Annie, just now. will yon come to Greenwich with me — yes or no !" " No, George. I can't go." He clinched Ids teeth fast, muttered something to himseMj and sullenly, sternly left the room. He went down stairs, went out, crossed the street to the " Grey Mare" public-house over the way, and having called for eome drink, took a place behind the worn and discoloured old curtain, once red, that screened the parlor window. ' Down to Annie's room presently came the young man of the tenor voice. He tapped at her door, which now she had closed. Annie did not call " Come in," bnt went to the door mid opened it. " Oh, Claude F' "Dear Annie, I have come to take yon for a promenade," the young "»" said, in an accent apparently foreign, although his English was quite good. "Bnt I would not intrude while you had com pany. We will go — you and Nellie and I— to the Crystal Palace, and you shall enjoy the fresh air, and Nellie shall go in a swing, and eat cake and drink ginger-beer, and ride on a velocipede, if she likes ; and yon and I will sit on the grass — " " Oh, but, Claude, I can't go ! George Bansom was here just now, and — and he had got a holiday, and he wanted ns to go to Greenwich with him." " Diable J Confound his impudence !" " Of coarse I wouldn't go, Claude, for I am too busy — indeed I am. But when I refused poor George, I couldn't go with anybody else — now could I ? And oh, please, Claude, don't stay, and don't be be seen ; for I am afraid F "Afraid! Of what? Of that fel low !" " No, not that, Claude. I'm afraid of your bring seen here." " Come with me, child," the young man said, gayly cutting short her fears, and patting one arm round her waist, while Bhe tried, not veiy vehemently, to get away. " Come to the Crystal Palace, and hear the birds sing. Yon are looking pale and thin, and Nellie, too. Come, I have a holiday, and money, wCeumie, and I can't enjoy either without you 1 Tiensl I too am pale and worn." " Yes, indeed you are, Claude. Why are you so pale !" " Want of air, child, and enjoyment ; and I can't have either without you. Come ! put your hat on, and come." Femme qui parte — woman who delibe rates ! Annie -looked into Claude's face, thought he seemed pale, thought she ought to make him happy for one day — him and her sister Nellie, of course — and she dropped her eyes, put on her bonnet, and went with her lover to the Crystal Palace. The moment they came down the darkling stairs of the old honse to go on their way, and emerged into snch light of day as shone on Swordblade Alley, George Bansom Btarted in his seat, and sprang to his feet They passed ont of the alley, and he followed them at some distance. Through all crowds, through all turnings, he tracked them ; and when he reached the London Bridge railway station, and entered the railway carriage to go to the Crystal Palace, he got into another carriage, and followed them still. ACT XL Oh, what a happy day for dear, good Annie Prince ! Since the death of her father had left her quite an orphan, and sent her to make her hard living in Swordblade Alley, riie had had no such day as this. Her life had long been very weary and sad. A beam of warm sun shine stole in upon it when the young French workman, Clande Copin, came to lodge in the same honse with her, and they became acquainted and friendly, she grew to like him very much. He was so handsome, so graceful, bo like a gentleman ; and Annie had still the memories of days when she knew people of better intelligence and manners than the population of Swordblade Alley. And he was frank, bright, and winsome. She never fait more than a sort of kindly toleration for George Bansom; and of late, how coarse and selfish he appeared ! She was not given to questioning her own own heart, but she knew very well that she loved Claude Copin ; and she hoped, she thought — ah, she firmly be lieved — that he loved her. He had not said so as yet; and he certainly had never talked of marriage. But she had no faint mnrmor even of distrust within her ; she looked into his eyes, and save for some vague lingering fear of George Bansom, she was happy. The bright air, the soft sweet English landscape, the crowds, the music; the statues, the palace, and the frequent opportunities for a seclusion which was almost as good as a tflte-k- tfite, made the girl as gladsome as a bird Claude Copin too was very happy, wondering, perhaps, sometimes within Eimcolf why he was so happy, bnt distinctly conscious of the new indescribable sense of joy. little Nellie, we may be sure; was not the least delighted of the group. She got so many cakes and fruits to eat that she could not help saying, " Mr. Copin, where ever do yon get all such lots of money ?" " Oh, Nellie, for shame 1" her sister interposed. " But this is a holiday, Mademoiselle Nellie," Copin gayly answered. " When one makes holiday, one does not think to keep his money." In the course of their rambles Claude remembered that he had promised to bny something for Nellie at one of the stalls, and as it was some little distance away, he offered to ran back for it, leav ing the sisters together. As he ran gayly across the sward toward the palace of glass, Annie gazed tenderly after him. She suddenly started, for she fended she saw George Bansom come . out from a clump of trees and follow her lover.fint she quickly settled in ha own mind that it must be her imagination — that her in terview with Bansom that morning had left'a disturbing impression on her. -She was right, however, in her first thought ; for as Claude was entering the palace, and was quite out of her sight, a heavy hand grasped his .shoulder, and when he turned round he saw the fierce face of George Bansom. f'.Now, then," said Bansom, furiously; " I've followed yon about all the. day for this, I didn't want to make a row be fore, her. Are you going to flghtlike a man?" " Fight r J?e prdce! for what; my dear friend?" "Talk English. You talk it well enough to her. You understand it, any how." " Bnt I don't understand yon." " Don't you ? Then, I'll make myself very plain. See here, you've come be tween me and that girL Fve loved her for yean. I love the very ground she walks on, and the rags Bhe throws away when she makes her flowers ! She would have come to love me and to marry me only you came between us ; and you most give her up or I must have re venge." "Bansom," the other said, speaking now very gravely, and drawing his ex cited rival into a secluded corner of the court in which they stood, " I have done yon no harm. I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I must tall yon that if I were never in the world she would not marry yon. It is no fault of mine. I saw that before I ever thought of marry ing her — I mean before I ever was very Mendly with her. It's only your ill luck, man. Stand np like a man and bear it." "Not a bit of it ! I'll not bear it ! Yon've deceived and bedeviled the girl with your French manners and your false tongue ! Why, yon only know her a few weeks, and Fve known her for years ! Will you fight me V " Here — in the Crystal Palace ! On a shilling day ! And the police all round!" Copin could not help looking amused at the idea, and his expression of counte nance only still further infuriated his opponent "HI show you a quiet place down yonder behind the cricket ground, where we can have it out without any one see ing us." "But, my good fellow, what con founded nonsense—" " You French coward, yon can't fight — yon don't know how ; you're afraid ! Bnt Fll make yon fight : I'll knock yon down and kick you here on this spot !" " Bansom, my worthy friend," said Copin, with a face now qnite calm and settled, " if you will make a fool of your- selfr I can't help you. We had better both make fools of ourselves in seclusion than just here; Come along, if you will have it FII try to show yon that I can fight, even if I am a Frenchman." Ransom's eyes beamed with a savage delight The two men then walked together in silence, avoiding the crowd, and especially avoiding the place where the sisters were still Bested They fonnd at last a lonely place within a belt of trees. Bansom said, " One thing now, mind. By Gnd, I'll not spare yon F' " We had better lose no time in talk," Copin coolly replied, " or some one will come." The two flung off their coats ; Bansom rashed at his adversary like a wild bnlL For a Frenchman, Copin understood the science of boxing remarkably welL He merely pat off Hansom's blows for a while. " Faut en finir," at last he said, and sent one straight, sharp blow right between Hansom's eyes. Bansom went down like an ox under the pole-axe; and lay senseless. Copin approached him with an air of some anxiety, felt his pulse, lifted one of his eye-lids, and ap peared relieved. " All right;" he said. " He'll do ; he'll come to in a few moments, and he will hardly want any more. I can't do better than just leave him where he is, and get that dear child away. This is becoming too sensational." He presently- joined the sisters. Annie was growing terribly alarmed at his absence, and she stated when she saw that there was blood upon his hand. act m. Annie sat in her little room that same night alone. Her sister was in bed and asleep. It was a warm summer night, and there was no light burning. Annie was not working, strange to say. She had been an idler all day, and was an idler still. She was thinking. Some sweet words which Claude had whispered in her ear as he left her that evening on the threshold, after their return from the Palace, still lingered with her. They were only a few words, but they were alive with love and pro mise. life seemed to be really brighten ing for the poor orphan girL The horizon of her existence appeared to ex pand and glow, and to' inclose a prospect more genial than that of Swordblade Alley. She could not work for very hope and happiness. Bnt there were some pangs of fear too. She had extracted from Clande a sort of half confession of his quarrel with George Bansom, and although Clande insisted that the affair ended with a fair fight; ehe conld not think so. She dreaded Bansom. She thought there was something terribly ominous in his having followed them so stealthily and patiently to the Crystal Palace. She did not like the idea of these two men sleeping in rooms next to each other that night, and she much wished that Claude would lodge somewhere else for a few days to come. It grew dark; and the lighted a lantern, and Med to do some work. She always kept a little dark lantern, to be used when she felt compelled to work very late at night. It threw its beam of light directly on her work, and if any late step passed her door, she conld shade the light in a moment; for she did not care to have it known to all her fellow- lodgers that she eat up alone half the night through. This night; however, she did not seem able to work, somehow. She partly undressed, put out her light, and stole into her bed in the other little room. She conld not steep, and after a rest less hour she thought ehe heard a voice in the alley— a voice well known to her. It was the voice of Claude Copin, troll ing in low, sweet tones one of his favourite songs. Annie went into the front-room again, and peered into the alley, and she saw Claude come- saunter ing do waHe entered the honse. Jost as he did so, sbo thought ehe saw a dark figure stirring in an old doorway on the other ride of the alley. The night .was rather dear, though moonless; and there was a gas lamp a little way down Swordblade Alley. Therirl was sure she saw a figure partly emerge—from-iit doorway opposite, end she shuddered. She lit her lantern, bnt carefully shaded it. ( 'She heard Claude's step on the 'stairs, heard him pause .for a, moment ontride her door. Oh, how the girl's heart throbbed at that little bit of evidence that her lover thought of her ! and then sheheard him climb, thericketjy stain that led.to his o wn room. Still she saw the figure lurking in the doorway opposite. Now it emerged boldly into the alley, and Bhe conld plainly see that it was the figure of George Bansom. He waited and waited. What was he waiting for ? At last he crossed the alley towards her, and she could not see him. He was evidently entering the honse. He had not knocked. Late though it was, the outer door of this house, filled with lodgers of various occupations and hours, was 'not yet locked She heard no Bound Cnnld he have remained below? No ; for she now heard a faint creaking noise, as of somebody creeping cautiously : up the stairs. With all her senses on the stretch, she watched and listened Bansom had evidently taken off his boots, and was creeping gently up the stairs. He paused at her door, and the girl's blood seemed to chilL Conld his secret virit he meant for her? Had he come to kill her ? She held her very breath. He passed on — crept up ward. Now Hansom's usual way was to come home in a noisy, careless, swaggering sort of fashion. There was something ominous in it when he stole upstairs with noiseless tread. He was going to murder Clande ! The girl's courage came back in a moment She seized her shaded lantern, opened her door, and glided ont. All was dark below and above. No lodger was awake — at least no lighte were bnrning. She crept up a stair or two behind Bansom. He must have fancied he heard a sound, for he stopped, and she stopped too. He went on again, and she crept softly after — gliding like a ghost If the wretched old staircase had been less crazy and rickety, he must have heard her; but every tread of his, however cautions, made some noise, which seemed load in the lonely dark ness, and swallowed up the sound of her light foot&lL; It was a long, slow, and fearful ascent, the climbing of that flight of stairs. At last they were on the upper floor, the man and Ids unsuspected watcher. He stopped at a door, pushed it gently open, and listened. The foil deep breathing of Chmde could be distinctly heard. Annie thought it impossible that the beating of her heart should not attract Hansom's attention; but there was now a throbbing in the brain, a ringing in the ears, of the man who had come to do murder, which almost deafened him. In the dim gray beam of half- light which came from Claude's window when the door was poshed in, Annie conld plainly see Bansom draw from his pocket a clasp-knife, which he opened. Now, if she were to scream, would it save Clande, or would it fail to warn him in time; and only render his enemy more desperate? Had Bansom looked round at that moment, he mnst have seen her. But he crept into the room without looking round, and she glided swiftly in after him. He bent over the bed, as if to make snre where his victim lay. He raised the knife in hie right hand. Annie Prince seized his right arm, citing round it with all her strength and weight, and at the same instant, with one sudden, haif-UDCon- sciou8, convulsive movement; flung back the shade of her lantern, and sent its bright beam of light flashing across the assassin's face. Then she gave a wild cry for help, and George Bansom dropped on the floor in an epileptic fit, and Claude started np, awake, to eee Annie standing beside him, and to learn that her presence and her hand had saved him from death ! EPILOGUE. George Bansom was ont of his senses for some time after. Doubtless the ten sion of his mind, the vehemence of his passion, and the load of his awful pur pose, had wrought him into snch a con dition, that it only needed the sadden shock of Annie's grasp and the blaze of light to shatter for the time his reason altogether. When he recovered his senses, he seemed to have recovered also something of his better nature. He emigrated to New Zealand, and will probably never eee Swordblade Alley again. Long before Hansom's recovery Annie Prince was married to Clande Copin. She had to learn something before the marriage which at first almost bewildered her. The intelligent reader, however, will not perhaps be so mnch surprised to learn that on the marriage day the bride groom signed his name not as ;Clande Copin, bnt as Ernest Lyttleton. In fact, Mr. Lyttleton had gone in search of a sensation drama, and fonnd it— and withit a dear and devoted wifeandahappy existence. Annie and Nellie and he went on the Continent for a year or two, and when they returned to settle in London Mrs. Lyttleton's manners and culture were each that no one ever would have guessed that Ernest bad fonnd his wife in Swordblade Alley. Bnt onr pair made no 'secret from their Mends of her birth and poverty. Neither he nor she was ashamed of anything her life had known. A very successful drama of the sensa tion kind was brought ont at one of -the London theatres. It had a splendid ran. All the town went to see it. Mr. Lyttleton was the anthor. The only fault the critics fonnd with it was that it was too extravagant and improbable. Especially was it urged that the scene which formed the climax never conld possibly have taken place in real life. Ernest and Annie were greatly amused at this. They privately maintain that snch a scene conld have taken place, de spite the critics, in real life as well as in a sensation drama. 