BUNGENDORE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BAZAAR. --- A bazaar in aid of the St. Philip's Church Parsonage Fund was hold on Friday last. The stalls were presided over by Mesdames Burke, Osborne, Soares, and Miss Rutledge. The articles exposed for sale were, for the most part, useful and ornamental ; those of a more substan tial kind consisted of two cows, a sheep, an excellent lot of poultry, and a bag of flour, most of which E need not'tell you fully roalited their value. At the boeginning of the day fears wore enter tained that anticipations would not be realised, but shortly after noon lixmor ous friends from town and districut made their appearanuce with purses wvll charged. Many distinguished visitors were present, including Mr W. Forster, M.L.A., and lady. The sales terminated about dusk, realising the handsome sum of about £70. SPORTING. --- Mr McJannett claims the first snipe of-the seiaon, one day last week he succeeded in bagging twelve brace. Several excellent cod have been hooked last week at the Deep Creek. Septa 28, 1874. TuE rowing match between the MIel bourne team. and the Sydney: team cause off on Saturday afternoon last on the, waters of Port Jackon..The Herald says-At 4.25 the Sydney crew doffed their overcoats on the point opposite Rydo, and took their places in the new gig built specially for the race by Greenland of Melbourne. Some delay occurred ore the Victoritns" pulled' to the itarting point. Very little time was lost in taking up positions, Sydney having the northern shorn, and 31el bourne the out side. ,The starter sent the boats away dead level. Sydney first to catch the water.- The Mel bourne men seemed flurried for a few strokes, then putting on _a.spurt, held their opponents for about 200 yards, the. Sydney team rowing a long power ful stroke then steadily drew ahead, getting'a'clear lead before they had traversed half the. distance. to .Kissing. Point. At this pla?o,. the steering of the Melbourno gig seemed most erratic owing to the slight' hold:thc ruddei had on the water,: tho:: steering gear became -quite useless. Nothing :but an accident could prevent Sydney ie gaining the lost chamnionship. The irijunctions of .the Marine Board were ignored by the steamer ]3ungarco and steahmlaunch flying the E.i and A. Mail Co.'s.flag,.both of which gave the boats' crews thie benefit ofi.a wash as they pulled down the long'reach' across the mertutlh of Heon and" Chiekeir Bay; -Mel .bjurne.missed a strokq as if fearful of -being swamped,, then ou away. again in chase "of thelir leader', only to get served worse by the steain-launch run ning such a seaa on to: themn that the coxswain slewed his boat out of her course to save being filled. The Sydihoy team won by twenty lenths, at their ease, amidst loud cheers. ,'An equally high compliment being paid to their competitors, for the plucky manner in which they rowed a'stern race. The Evening Post reports that at the Central Police-Court, on. Monday, a man named Patrick Quealy was brought up before, Messrs J.W. Smart and Cunningham for inflicting grievous bodily harm on his wife, Ellen Quealy. The prisoner lived with his wife in Sussex-street, and, though they lived together in the same house, had been on bad terms and did not even eat their meals together. The day previous Quealy asked his child, a girl of about fourteen years of age, to go and bring him a light for his pipe. The mother in the meantime sent the child to do something else, and the father, finding his order had not been obeyed, ran at his child with a fork, and would have stabbed her had not her mother inter fered. He then caught the mother and knocked, her down and beat her head against the floor in a most brutal manner. The prisoner was sent to Darlinghurst for six months, and at the end of that period he is to bind himself over for a further period of six months to keep the peace, self in £40, or go to jail again for the period mentioned. Melbourne.-Saturday.- A fire oc curred this afternoon at Wright and Co.'s Carr'n Timber Yard, Fliudor's lane.; the damage dotn is moderate, as the fire was confined to the joiners' workshops.-Nothing will be done in Butohart's ease until the Judge sends in his report.- Four. children of one firmily died of diphtheria in ten days. -A Mrs Mewer took a boarding- house a short time ago in-,Jimieson-streot, and took in boarders. " One boarder in particular she took in properly. IIe gave her on last Saturday- night £20 to keep for him until Monday.. On Sun day (says the 'Ercning Post) he asked for the money, and she said that she had spent L7 of it, and would make it up and give him the whole on the next day. The young man was in no way suspicious, but fancy his surprise when he was told at dinner hour on Monday that the mistress of the house had do camped with the money It was theuight she had left the colony. Thei formal opcning of the bridge (says the :Braidwood Dispalic) which has just been completed across theo Shoaehaven River at Warri, took place on Wednesday last. -The day wae re markably fine, and it is estimated that there were about 2500 persons present, including children. This bridge con sists of four spans of 90 feet eacnh, one lof 60 feet, and one'of 40 foot, carrying a roadway 20 feetwide at a level of 30 fooet over ordinary summer water, or 6 feoot over the higlihest known flood. Mr. Grovillo;, M'.P., liaving addressed the assemblago, declared the bridge open for. traffic, naming it the WVarri Bridge. About 200 'sat down to the lInnchon, nd the uisual.toasts were given and responded to. The pro ceedings terminatedmabloit 4 o'clock. AN olderly man, (says the Empire) named Joseph Willis, was brought to the Infirmary on Friday afternoon, suf foridg from throo scalp wounds, two on the crown, and oon n ethe side of his hand, which' lhe receivod in abrawl with a woman. The wounds woro inflioted by a bIottle. Willis, who appeared to be suffering from 'drink, had his wounds dressed by Dr Brady, and was tbhen disocharged. The -unnodah correspondent of the 1Maitland Mereurdy statoes that there is a rumour current that another raid has been made on Mr Baldwin's blood stock at Dinawarindi. It is aid.that horses and mares to the value of several thou sand pounds have benoh taken away by trh hand of ruffians thhmtinfest that ill favoured localhy.. ::: .' -A complimentary dinner was given to MIr E. Greville, the member for Braidwood, on Thursday last (says the Dispatch; to which seventy persons sat down. Last week the body of a man. sup posed to be that of James Henry Rowe, a new arrival, was found dead on the beach at Geelong. He w.as seen -by two men to stagger as if intoxicated up against the cliff, and they told a man named Sharp to go and look after him. This he did, and found the un fortunate fellow dead. It is supposed that poison was the cause of death, as the body presented all the appearances of that of a mani who had taken strych nine. A man whose name is unknown, and who it is believed is a lunatic, escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been frightening women and children at Hawthorn and the neighbourhood by going about enveloped in a sheet and personating a ghost.. One yound girl, (says the Telepraph) named Brookfield, a servant, was so frightened by his antics, and appearance, that she had a succession of fits and had to be sent home. The man has sin6e then, it is said, been found drowned in a' water hole, at Boroondara. . The following is a resume of -an action tried in the District Court, Sydney, on Tuesday, 23rd instant, in which plaintiff and defendant were two clergymen :-Hart v Pritohard This was an action on a promissory note for £120, with £8 13s7d interest. Plaintiff said in September, 1872; he was having some conversation with tdo fondant, when defendant told him that he had -been making large sums of money by, gold speculation, and he thought it right for a clergyman, if he had any spare money, to invest it in this-way. Defendant strongly advised plaintiff to follow his example, and the latter said he had about £110 or £120 in the bank, which was all he had, and he would not like to lose it. However, he would give him a final anwer on the following day. Next day lie saw de. fondant again, and told him ha had deteimanied not to invest. Defendant then said if he would lend him the money ho would give him a promissory note for twelvo months for the amount with 110 for interest, and to this plain. tiff agreed. I-Ie thoan wrote out a cheque for £110 which lie gave to defendant, and lie went with him to the office of the Monte Christo G. B. Co., where defendant bought two shares, and re ceived the scrip. The next day de fendant gave plaintiff a promissory note for £120 at twelve months' date. D). fendant's version of the circumstances, however, were very different, and his Honor said lie could not find a verdict with the conflicting evidence before him, and therefore nonsuited the plaintiff. An attempt at garroting was made at Geelong on Tuesday evening. - Mrs Clay was returning to her residence, and had got as far as the fence sur rbunding her house, when some scoun. drel rushed on her from behind, and throwing his arms tightly ound her neook, tried to disable her. Mrs Clay managed to free herself a little from the garroter's grasp and cried out "Murder! police I" on which the follow held her ineck tightly with one arm, while with the other lie made an at tempt to reach her pockets. With some effort, Mrs Clay again screamed out, and her cries soon brought assis tanee, on which the garroter made off as hard ashiho could. It may be sur mised that the garroter was well ac quainted with the locality in which Mrs Clay resides, and was niot ignorant of her habit-of returning homne at the same hour every evening with mioney from the shop. Mr Clay was away in Melbourne on public business. The man was arrested late at night, and turned out to be an old jail-bird of the name of Wilson.-lAdvertiser. On Wednesday night last, (says the Braid wood correspondentof the Empire) a cow broke itito the garden of the public school teacher hero, and having indulged too liberally upon his vegota. bles and clover, entered the kitchen, where she died, having burst. A soone occurred on board the Lord Ashley, steamer, . last Friday, bound for Cooktown (says the Evening Post) Besides several cabin passengers, about forty: diggers bound for the Palmer were also on board. It would be waste of time to describe tile p:arting scenes, such as sorrowing wives and lodving mothers bidding a long and perhaps a last adieu to their husbands and sons. Then there were others Who tried to bury their sorrowv in drunken oblivion, and there were others who tried to smnother it in assumed jollity of heart. All these we pass by till we come to two-a fair damsel and her lover or spouse, we - know- not which. These two attracted no little attention by their leave-taking. -It appears'the lover, or husband, had recently come from the Palmer, bringing with him a handsome sum of mnoney. This thebo fair damsel very selfishly appropriated to her: own use in a manner whiol by no means pleased her admirer. Nover thlioloss she.had the kindness to go to the wharft and even on to the steamer to see him off-a course of proceeooding which he violenoutly resented. The crowd eagerly watched them, and he was seen to lush or strike her,- and sometlhing fell to the ground, when a ory went up, " liho's knooked her-head off." It was, however, found that he had knocked only her ohignon off, and she to repay him, tucked up hler sleeves and pitohed into him. There was no one inclineoil to interfere, and the two fought a hand-to-hand battle, she got ting the best of it, and outting hiis faoo in a right pugilistico manner. After the fight was enjoyed for some time by the speootators, the awain was marehed below, the fair damsel sent on shore, and the steamer left amid farwells and waving of handkerchiefs froei the crowd. To the fact of the Premier.. paying a visit to Riverina (says the Southern Argus of September 17) is the Catholic community indebted for the performance of a tardy act of justice. Fourteen years ago a thousand pounds of the public moneys were directed'to be applied towards the erection of a Catholic Church at Al bury; but owing to various changes in the diocese of Goulburn, within which Albury is situate, the circum stance escaped attention for a length ened period of time, and not until twelve months since was application made to Government by Dr Lanigan, the Bishop, for payment of the amount. Nn evasive answer was at first received, and when the claim' was followced up with persistency, the ,department of the Chief Secretary, after fencing-with, th? matter- for some ':time, at length in! effect virtually repudita ted the -liability of: ..the the Goveriinment to contribute the sum named towards' defrayingthe expenses of building :the Albury church. fHow ever, just four. days before Mr Parkes started on'his southern tour, a 'happy 'thought semed .to-. have. entered his head, and to the surprise of. those in torested, who had, began- to consider the case hopeless, a voucher :for thd £1000 was forwarded from Sydney. Thus shortly before the Premier ar rived in Albury, the Catholic residents there became aware of the circum stance of the money being at last forth coming from Government. The inten tion of smoothingthe path fora pleasant reception of Mr P arkes at the federal city is very perceptible. The American papers contain long accounts of a man -named John R. Brown, " who can read your thoughts however much you may endeavour to conceal them." Mr Brown holds seances at which gentlemen are re quested to fix their thoughts on things in the room or out of it, add they are told, in every instance correctly, what they are thinking about. One gentle man allowed his imagination to travel as far as an obscure Turkish town, yet Mr Brown told him its name and posi tion. During these exhibitions Mr Brown is blindfolded. The China Mail announces the com mencement of the first Chinese tele graph-one that is proposed to be erected entirely by a Chinese official over a stretch of country that is indis putably under entirely native control. Mr Dreycr, of the Great Northern Telegraph Company, appears to have acted with great promptitude in im mediately placing at the disposal of the Fohkcin Viceroy all the material necessary for the construction of a line. The' Chinese authorities have sanc tioucd- the erection of a telegraphic wire from the settlement to the Pagoda Anchorage, and they have written the British Consul that they willgiveo. the posts and property every, protection. Our correspondent states that the Viceroy has also asked what the addi tional expense of. carrying' the line into the native city would be, as, if reasonable, the Chinese Government will defray the expense of this part. Having reached Pagoda Anchorage. it will only be a matter of time for its being joined to the general submarine cable. -A tolegraphio engineer had ar rived in Foochow, and the steamer with the material for the work was hourly expected when the Quang Tung was loaivng The Viceroy appears very anxious for its speedy construction, and it is said it will be completed in seven days. As Foochow is the centre of operations in the Formosa question, the troubles there have probably some thing to do with it. A mnan named Kearnoy is' reported missing from Toombridge,, county of YWexford, under the following peculiar circumstanices.. Kearney recently re turned from Melbourne, bringing wish him £1700. On the day, he arrived his wife, whom he had left behind him, got married to a man -named Toomoy, believing that her husband Kearnoy was dead, and (a remarkable coinci dence) she was actually burying Toomey the day her. first husbandl ar rived. A meeting. bcetween Kearney and his wife took place that evening, and a reconciliation was effoected. Since that time Kearney has not bcon soon- his wife, Toomey's widow, being in ap-. parently great grief at his mysterious disappearance. A Chronicle repor'tar was coming down Clay-street the other day; when he saw a large crowd of ragged boys eagerly surrounding some small ob ject. The roporter came up, and look ing over the heads of the juvenile crowd, saw a tiny little.man inda high bat, ruffled shirt, and black dress coat, offering his photograph for sale: The Chroniole man 'soeized the tiriy form in one .hand,' and, lifting it over. the heads of the gamins!,bore him in safety. to the editorial room; whore he perdhed him up ona high stool, and. extrioted the following iuformation :-The littlb lump of hnmanity'proved to be General O. R. Decker; who claims to be the smallest man living. HeI was born in Mississippi in -1850, 'and honce is 24 years old. He moasuraes 2 feeoot inhobo? in height, and iveighs 45 pounds.> He is well formed, and has a handsome and intolligoent face.' The General is the solo support"of h~is motheri, who lives in MIemphis, and he earns their living by selling photographs of liim self. Barnum has madel repeated efforts to got little Mr Docke'r to becdme part of.his'show, but he has a repugnance to exhibiting hiinsolf, and hao ' .there-. taro declined all ovortures of that kind.: 