Melbourne has lately been favored with a visit from a blatant gentleman who styles himself " reverend." This Boanerges considers it his special duty to use the spare time he possesses ia travelling about from one place to another, doing bis utmost to set the two most important religious sects in these colonies by tho ears ; and while his drivellings are the subjects of scorn and disgust in the minds of most people, they are hailed with frenzied delight by.the miserable bigots who belong to bis own .particular dis torted society. This individual's arrival w as, of course, well known to us, but as we considered him too far beneath contempt to render his antics of the slightest importance, we no more thought oi chronicling his doings tban we should of giving our readers an account of the capers of the long-eared, but mischievous, animal he so much resembles. However, as the Argus has thought fit to notice this man, and thereby drag him into notoriety;' we feel inclined to -make a few remarks concerning the mission of this Dr. M'Gibbon. He calls himself a Minister of the Gospel, and shows bis appreciation of the Great Master who taught as' his especial doctrine, " Love ' one another, " by travelling through the length and breadth of the "country, raking np old animosities which should have long cinoo been buried in oblivion; losing no opportunity to glorify himself and denounce all who disagree with his views, and who think that Australia is wide and free enough for every man to enjoy- his own opinions, without striving to thrust them down the throat of his neighbor. The character of this per ambulating firebrand is faithfully drawn by himself in bis letter contained in to-day's Argus. In it he distinctly showB. himself a pugnacious, un reasoning bigot of the very worst type. A great rascal once said that nest to being celebrated for possessing a very good character, be would far rather be eminent for having a very bad one than none at all. There are men of this stamp in all classes. Denied the opportunity of shining in anything estimable, they join the ranks of the ignoble and despicable; and by virtue of their superior qualifications in this line, speedily come to the front, leading their, unfortunate dopes from one folly to another, until some- day the mask, like that of the Veiled Prophet of Khorassan, falls, and the hideous countenance is dis closed in all its deformity. What man with right feeling but is disgusted at this " minister" rushing from one place to another, opening Orange Halls, and inciting his followers by savage remarks such as havd already on a taemorable occasion produced, in this city riot and bloodshed.' What is this reverend gentleman endeavoring to do — to promote Christian charity, brotherly lore, and unity among the people of this community — certainly not, his mission, i'b to promote dis- .cord, unoharitableness, and disunion ; to Bet class against class, to arouss the worst passions of our nature; and fori what ? Simply in order that he may be glorified; Contrast this with the conduct of Him whose disciple he professes to be. Nay, oontrast it with . the aotion of a Church of England clergyman (the Rev.. Mr. Potteb), who, when lecturing at Ballarat laBt night, said : "He de precated sectarianism, and strongly advised his youthful friends to help one another, and pointed out that if this course were adopted, the fruits would be that a grand and gloriouB nation would be built up in Australia." It is with difficulty a public writer can restrain bis pen when he sees tho high and holy office of a minister of the Gospel, prostituted to sr;ch base and ignoble uses as pandering to the passions, and minis'er- ing to the bigotry of a few fanatios, and) lie cannot but feel grateful that a beneficent Providence occasionally blesses some men with an jjimbecility which causes them to become ridicu lous when they would be dangerous. Since Dr. M'Gibbon is so fond of having a "shot or two" in the papers, perhaps he will, if he can, deny that the scenes in Sydney, during the gene ral election ef 1868, wen a disgrace to humanity.- Frenzied crowds of men howled at the bustiogs abusive Orangemen seeking a seat addressed the mob ; disgraceful fights were the order of the day, and the polling booths were blocked by fanatics, who brufally attacked ' and - prevented pre sumed opponents from entering. This waB followed by municipal contests, conducted in a similar manner, in all of which such teachers of the people as the " reverend" gentleman in question took a leading part, encouraging their misled disciples to the utmost. The unscrupulous Pabkes, with bis mon strous fiotion of the " Kiama Ghost," was surrounded by a ring of these lamblike individuals, and only the good sense of the majority of the population prevented; a riot which, in propor tion to the numbeie of the people, would have rivalled in fanaticism and bloodshed the Gordon riots. Truly, these aro nice specimens of gospel teachers I Tney remind one rather of the " Hot-gospellers of the time of Charjes the Second, and they belong to the class included In the Scriptural text — " By their fruit9 ye shall know them." Dr. M Gibbon would have Melbournites believe that he is of importance in Syd ney. So he mny be, in an evil sense, and among his particular crew of zealots; The great body of -the public care no'hing for his "sound- and fury, eig- nifyino' nnt.hin£r." delivered periodi cally to a few fanatics, witmn closed doors. Not long ago Sydney Punch' very appropriately described this -indi vidual as ' the Rev. Dr. M'Gibberish," whicb, as descriptive of bis style and meaning, leaves nothing mere to be sa:d on this very nauseous ' matter. In tb'e letter to tbe Argus, to which we have referred, this reverend firebrand says : — " It will probably be some satisfaction to yon to know that I shall Boon ' re turn to my friends and admirers in Sydney." We wish the reverend gentle man a safe.and speedy passage to' some more congenial sphere, be it Sydney or a warmer climate, and beg to apologise to our readers for occupying so much space with suoh a mannikir. 