THIS PICTURE AND THAT. ? yi — High festival has been held in St. Peters burg. Emperors and Kings and earth's great ones have gathered there to see the nuptial blessing given to a brave young English Prince and his fair young Russian bride. Two great nations have svm patbized with them, and the shouts of welcome that greeted them in the other hemisphere have been re-echoed from this. Some thoughts, however, upon graver subjects than the honeymoon of the married \niiv ave suggested by this wedding. The bridegroom was the son of the Head of the ??Church of England; the bride was the daughter of the Head of the Greek Church. Both these churches -were once a part and perhaps the fairest part of the one Catholic Church, holding the same doctrine, bavins . the same sacraments, obeying the same Head. But both long since rejected Chujst's Vicar and placed themselves under the .authority of Caesar. The Eastern Church, from the hour of its separation, has been like a petrified plant. Its old form of beauty is there as ifc was ? before ; it has undergone no change ; but j then it has had no growth and ifc has no life. The Church of England, on the other hand, has had infused into it, as it were, a new principle of life, just as the rigid muscles of a body, from ?which the soul has fled, may have an apparent life given to them by an electric current. This new principle of life is rationalism, and ration alism is nineteenth century paganism — not a paganism which adores false gods, but a paganism which places man above his Maker. See how this was shown even in the royal marriage ceremony, as per formed by Dean Stanley, at St. Peters burg. Contrast it with that of the fos silized Greek Church. Here are two extracts from a description of the two ! ceremonies, abridged from the Times. \ RUSSIAN CEREMONY. CHURCH OF ENGLAND j The Imperial Con- ceremony. i fessor then said ' Thou The procession then servant of God, Alfred, proceeded (-from the art crowned for this Church) to the Hall of handmaiden of God. in Alexander f or the Angli the name of the Father, can ceremony. Dean and of the Son and of Stanley officiated. The tke Holy Ghost. Holy walls were decorated ? Communion was then with battle pictures ! given, and the confessor Dean Stanley wore an I prcscntedtJte Cross which Episcopal surplice vnth both kissed, &c;, a jewelled collar of the Order of Bath round his neck. | Can any one picture to himself, mentally, the two ceremonies, without arriving at j the conclusion that the spirit pervading the Anglican service was as irreligious, as j pagan, as that of the Greek Church was Catholic and Christian. The ceremony takes place — where ? In a Church of God ? '?? No ! In the hall of Caesar ! The place chosen for the ceremony was j adorned Avith pictures of the i heroes of Christianity, men who have taken Christ for their king and leader ? No ! With the men who, at Cjesar's bid- \ ding, have led their fellow-men to the , shambles in the name of that glory which ' Christ trod under foot. The officiating minister bore on his breast the cross of Christ?. No! that would have been a mark of superstition worthy only of a priest-ridden Papist. He woue, instead, round his neck, the insignia of Ms Cesar, the Order of the Bath . Contrast, for a moment, this ceremony with the words of the Greek Bishop, — ' Thou servant of God, Alfred !' — with the partaking of holy communion, with the kissing of the cross— the emblem of a Christian's hope and salvation — and can there be any doubt of the spirit — let dry formularies go to the wind — of the two Churches 1 Go to .St. Paul's, London, and thence to St. Peter's, Home. Whose are the monuments and the banners in the former? Wellington's, infidel poets, anti-Christian writers and statesmen, and the Royal arms, and the Union Jack. Whose in the latter ? Christ's cross, Christ's apostles, Christ's martyrs, Christ's confessors, Christ's heroic illi terate poor. Then where is the spirit of Christianity ? 