Tales. Bavelston, Bt CHAKLE8 GIBBON, AUTHOR OF ?? ROBIN GRAY' *? FOR LACK op GOLD,' ?? FOR THB kino.'. {The right ot publication itas been purchased by the proprietor* oi tbe Sydney Mail.} Chapter I. — Blackberribb. Thb blithe laughter of three merry young hearts har monised grandly with the chorus of birds which filled the bossy glen with sweet sounds. A light wind swept through the trees, and tiny flocks of brown leaves floated waveringly down upon the heads ol the merry makers. They, unheeding, gambolled through bush and brake, now up to the knees in long grass or huge (prnfl. flffflin flnnrnKliniy tin oAma ka»a o/ta*n .J., ? ? — *- -p-*' BWUIV V9&I.; WITWUD & group of brambles ; now together, again separated, and their clear voices rang through the glen, halloo ing to one another. They were gathering black berries, and whenever one came upon a particularly fine cluster of the bright jet-like fruit there was such a shout of triumph, and the three united to pluck the prize — eating quite as many of the berries as were transferred to the tin cans which they carried in their hands. ' Bess, Bess — Austin, come here,' called a happy voice ; ?? here's a bush just black with berries ! ' That was followed by a little scream, and then the explanation — ' Oh, I've jagged my thumb.' Austin sprang up a steep bank and was presently beside the girl, holding her hand in his, seriously seeking the cause of her pain. He pressed the thumb between his fingers till she winced, then laughed at her rueful grimaces, and stud — ' There's nothing in it.' She was offended by his laugh, and briskly with drew her hand. He snatched it back ana kissed ihe i wound. j ' Yon are very impudent,' she said, trying to re- j lease tbe hand, but failing. i ' Poor thumb,' he said, with a half-serious, half mock sentimental air, ' it's better now. * Who kissed the part to make it well ? — my Austin.' ' ' You are a fine doctor,' she said, laughing. ' First-rate,' was the frank acceptance of the compliment, ' seeing that you are now all right.' They stood under the shadow of a high beech, on the bole of which the sunlight made a silver shield. 8he a girl of about sixteen, only very recently elected to the dignity ef long dresses ; he a youth of eighteen or nineteen, still a student at the Glasgow University, a boy in experience of the world, and full of all a boy's manly, confident aspirations. She a bonnie lass, with a fresh rosy face, rich brown eyes, thick fair hair, and a lithesome although unformed figure ; be a youth of good proportions, dark-brown hair, and blue eyeB. They were beautiful in the sunrise of youth, and happy in their ignorance of life. Pleasant visions were in the eyes of both, and the E resent was a very sweet time to them — they did not now how sweet until years afterwards when they looked back to it and longed for the same feeling of perfect frankness! perfect fearlessness, and perfect faith in the future. Those old days make up so much of the joy and sadness of our lives ! The time, always comes when we see how much of the delights of youth we failed to appreciate, because we are so eager for the serious business of the world to begin. She had no idea of what love was, but she was curi ous on the subject. She thought Austin — the son of Dr. Murray, of Airbridge, and at present studying for the medical profession — a very nice fellow. She waB p- eased when he came to Ravelston — her uncle's place — and delighted to have a holiday with him such as the present. She was kind to him a little, and teased him a greal deal, for which she was sorry after. But there were times when she felt Bhy, afraid that he would kies her — and wished that he would do it, just to know the difference between the formal kiss of an uiide or cousin and a lover's. She had not all, however, settled in her own mind that he was the hero (a lover must be a hero, she fancied) who would be worthy of the entire devotion of which love consisted — that was another of her fancies. Austin, on the other hand, was quite decided. He was in love. There never was and never could be any living creature at all comparable to Coila Gardyne. But he had fears ; she waB the niece of Robert Mar j oribanks, the wealthy owner of many coal and iron mines, and he might object. Then he had hopes ; she was an orphan, living with her uncle and dependent upon him. She had no money herself. Well, if Bhe should ever learn to care for him enough to permit him to tell Marjoribanks that she was resolved to marry him at all hazards — the uncle would be in a towering passion, and would say : ' Do as you please, but you shall not have a penny from me.' Austin, at that, would fling hie cap into the air and clasp her in his arms, crying : ' That's what I wished, my darling. I'll work for you ; I'll make a home for yon — not so grand as Ravelston, but a coBy wee place, where we shall be happy because we love each other ! ' Sweet dreams ! beautiful romances, in which the delicate lights and shades of the glen, the many colours ot leaves, bushes, grass, ferns, and wild flowers, seemed to have a part ; and the melodies of the birds were like cheery voices inspiring hope. But the fears broke in again ; it would be such a long time — four, five, may De ten years — before he could say, ' Coila, I love you ; will you be my wife ?' There were so many things to be done before he dared put that question, ami meanwhile so many things might happen. Old Marjoribanks might find a husband for her, and give her a large dowry, and dispose of her before he could step in to stop the pro ceedings. And then what would there be left for him ? ?? A blackbide for your thoughts,' said a laughing voice, and he started from hiB reverie. ** I was thinking about you,' he answered, his eyes brightening, the dreams vanishing, leaving him only conscious of the happy present. ** There's your blackbide ; now what were you thinking of me — anything ill 5 ' M I'm not sure ; it is good or ill just as it may please you. I was thinking that some day you would eee me marching up to you with a very meek air and sajing, * Hey, bonnie lassie, will you — will you go to be a doctor's wife ? * What would you say ? ' «' I should say, * and to feed your father's hens ' — no thank you.' She made a mock curtsey, and looked so bonnie that be was sorely tempted to kis6 her. But it seemed as if an ice-drop had fallen upon his brow, and he laughed with her, saying — ' It's just my fun, you know ; but let me call you my lass lot to-day — may be I shall never dare to call yon so again.' The last words were delivered in rather a serious tone, and she felt vexed with herself at the thought that she had given him pain. ' Call me what you like,' she said, with merry baFhiulness, ' but don't look so glum.' ' Did 1 look glum ? — it was the shadow of the tree. Do you think 1 heed what you say ? ' But at the same time be caught her hands, and was drawing her towards him, moved by the malicious intent to punish her with a kiss. *' Where's Bess ? ' she cried, and was sorry for it the next minute, because a head rose out of the midst of the brambles, and it said demurely — ' I'm here.' Coila and Austin laughed and blushed ; both knew that every, word they had spoken had been overheard. But he was a bold fellow, and met every emergency with an honest acknowledgment of the situation. ' What a witch you are, Bess.' 'That's because I happen to be where I'm not wanted.' ' Wrong this time ; I want you here.' ' Wh*t for r ' ' To help me to puniBh Coila.' ' I'll come.' He forced his way through the brambles, and assisted Bess out to the clearing in which Coila stood. *? Thank you,' said Bess, quietly ; and placing her can of blackberries on the ground, she slipped behind her cousin and suddenly pinioned her arms to her sides. ' Now punish her.' Coila struggled, but failed to release herself from the strong grasp which held her. Austin stood confused and hesitating. ** Punish her,' repeated BesB, resolutely. Austin stepped forward, but Coila regarded him with such a look of helpless appeal that he halted. ' No, Bess, we'll let the calprit off this time ; but the next ? ' He looked unutterable vengeanee ; but just as at odd times you see a black bar crossing the clear face of the moon, there appeared to be a black bar across his face ; he felt that Coila did not care for him at al). Bess released her prisoner with the quiet com ment — ' What fools you are.' And they felt that they were fools under the steady, almost scornful, gaze of the brilliant black eyes of Bess Marjoribanks. She had been born in the East, the daughter of an Indian woman, and her maternal parentage was evi dent in her dusky complexion, piercing black eyes, and jet black hair ; but it was still more apparent in the occasional fits of passion, in which she seemed to be capable ot any desperate deed — in which she would even set her father at defiance. Whether Robert Maij oribanks had been married to her mother or not was a question. There were queer stories in the district about Bess's mother ; some said that the poor woman, finding her husband about to I sail iox England, taking the child with him but leav ' ing the mother behind, had stolen on board the vessel and only showed herself when they were far at sea. But she had died upon the passage to England, and there were not wanting people to suggest the wild idea that Marjoribanks, ashamed to acknowledge such a wife at home, had poisoned her. This was, of course, no more than ridiculous and spiteful scandal. Robert Marjoribanks had been too successful in life — and was even too good-natured to spoil his peace of mind by a crime. He brought his daughter home, and he presented her everywhere as the legitimate heiress of his wealth, which was growing vast and more vast year by year, and day by day. When his youngest sitter died, a year after her hus bandj he had given heron her death bed a willing pledge that he would be a father to her child. He took Coila to his house, and in every respect she had been \- treated as a child of his own, equal to Bess in every- . thing, and indeed Mrs. Forbes, the housekeeper, Sometimes fancied that he actually cared more for his niece than for his own daughter. Besis was about two years older than her cousin ; tall, dark, beautiful ; her eyes flashed upon you with a magnetic power which was irresistible and yet whilst you yielded to it, there was a something which made the heart tremble with fear, like the seduction of sleep in the snow — which means death ; and yet we surrender ourselves to it. She was full of mirth and brightness ; yet there were depths of passion in her nature which, once aroused, would overwhelm all that opposed it, or she would die. At present these depths had not been sounded ; she was merry and kindly ; angry at times, and had once heaved a Lennie's grammar at the head of her governess because she had upbraided her for a task over which Bess had laboured hard. ' She had an unfortunate repute of being cunning — that was why Austin and Coila had at once concluded, upon her sudden appearance, that she had been listen ing to their conversation. Yet she was a warm friend, and faithful to the last degree to those who trusted her. Coila, clapping her hands with delight in being set free, turned to her cousin : ' Now, we'll punish him, Bess. Come, seize him, and we'll paint his face with the berries. What shall we paint ? ' ' A moustache and beard ! ' answered Bess, with out hesitation. Austin winced, he had so longed for hirsute append ages that the jest about the absence of them struck closer home than the lady imagined. However, he submitted with a good grace ; sat down on a green knowe, and the two girls, laughing immoderately all the time, painted, with the juice of the berries, a beautiful red moustache, beard, and whiskers on his boyish tace. When they drew back to enjoy the sight of their handiwork, he submitted to the gaze quite calmly. Then — ' Are you done ? ' said he. ' Quite done, and you do look eo funny,' answered Coila, gleefully. ' Very well,' said he, rising gravely, '? and now I shall walk arm in arm with you both to Ravels ton, just as you have painted me.' The girls laughed, not believing him ; quite boldly each took one of his arms, and they descended the side of the glen, the strange perfume of the woods rising around them. Under the trees there was only a dark red mould, but elsewhere there were the fox-glove rearing tall stalks, slender and straight, with the pink bells droop ing like bashful fairies blushing at the intrusion of man upon their sylvan retreat ; bluebells struggling to lift their heads above the dense long grass. ; the rich green floor sparkling with the tiny stars, torgetme nots, pink lobelias, and purple clover ; brown leaves floating about, or collected in heaps in odd corners, whither the wind had drifted them to decay inodorous moisture. Then they passed through the mysterious light under the trees, like the dim light in a cathedral crypt, emerging into an open space where the sunlight flashed upon the scene, making the shadows of the place darker and more felt. Opposite were dull grey rocks rearing bare faces amidst the profuse and dank vegetation. For a short cut they wished to cross the wimpling stream, which, with a face bright as a mirror's, tra versed the glen. The stepping stones were green and slimy, so Austin stepped into the water, ankle deep or a little more, gave his hand to Bess and she crossed fleetly. ' But you'll never get out of that pool, and you'll have such a cold,' said Coila, pausing in her passage ; as she paused her foot slipped, and she fell into his arms. ' All Tight,' shouts he, manfully, and unconsciously hugging her more closely than was necessary ; ' you're 66 fe ; I've got you. Place your foot on the stone and witti one step, over you go.' She crossed, but she stopped to give him her hand to aid him, and although he did not require it, he ac cepted the proffered help gratefully. 'Thank tou; that's capital,' he said, and then bending elose to her ear, ' that's how I should like tl iogs to be always, me to be standing by to catch you in my arms whenever you slipped in crossing the streams of life ; you to be at the side with a sweet smile and a welcoming hand to make my passage pleasant. I suppose that cannot be.'' ?' I don't know,' she said, with a shade of doubt and wonder in her tone and manner. ' Come along,' called Bess, and the three with their cans of blackberries marched out of the glen and on towards Ravels ton, Chattbk II. — Robebt Mabjobibanxs. Bavelston was about five miles distant from Air bridge. The surroundings of the first presented a re markable contrast to those of the town. Round about Ravelston there were pleasant woods and meadows ; thriving farms showing many acres of arable and pasture land. There were moors on which the Twelfth was annually celebrated by the cracks of sportsmen' rifles and the destruction, according to the luck of the season, ot twenty or fifty brace of greuse to a single guB ; but there were other seasons when a solitary brace might represent the day's sport. Then there was the glen, famous for its trees, its shrubbery, and dense vegetation ; also for its stream, its rocks, and its hermit's cave. Altogether it was a charming pastoral scene in which the mansion lay. But even there, at nights, the sky reflected the red glare of the distant furnaces which broke through the darkness with the fiery brilliance of the gold they seemed to coin for their owners. In the Airbridge district you saw during the day rows of dull red brick coneB with their tops cut off, from which issued an occasional puff of smoke, and alternately a tongue of flame struggling to show itself in spite ox the sun. Then glancing across the flat landscepe, there appeared tall chimney stalks emitting clouds of black smoke ,* at irregular intervals, skeleton ferms, like the ghosts of trees, which represented the scaffolding and machinery at the many pit-mouths, and round these rose mountains of coal and shale. There weTe patches of green fields, sickly trees and hedges bearing leaves tinged with a leaden hue. There were cows feeding upon the short grass, and many rows of miner's cottages, crowded with human souls, eager in the struggle for life, making fierce 'war against its necessities ; quick or dull in their instincts as might be, but for the most part obeying the common j desire tp 'better themselves.' At night, however, the furnaces were masters of the situation. They shed light for miles around ; and in their light strange shadows moved rapidly to and fro, busy with the elements of a nation's wealth. The molten iron came pouring forth in golden streams, with a great roar like that of the eea in a storm ; and the shadows flitted about directing its course — ants guiding a blind giant. Far and near, the hedges, dwarf trees, and the gaunt scaffoldings of the pits assumed weird forms, and cast strange shapes on the* ground. The furnaces were the fiery chieftains of the place. Lovers walked by their light, poor students read by it ; housewives counted the number alight, and the greater the num ber the more satisfied she felt that the bairns' bread was safe. Truck and 'tally might do their worst bo long as there was work for the gudeman and he was willing to do it. All the grimy smoke, all the heat and sweat of ' arduous labour were shut out from Ravelston by five miles of country. But the carriage, drawn by a pair ot high-stepping bays, daily traversed the road be tween the house and the black-looking office at the works. No man above ground dared to neglect his duty, for he did not know the moment when Marjoribanks — or ' the cork,' as he waB generally called — might appear on the spot, and, after a good volley of oaths, show what could be done and ought to be done by applying his own hand to the task. In that way he had more than once put a workman to shame, for he had practi cal knowledge of every branch of his business, and he was much admired on that account. Except ths reflection on the sky at night, Ravelston knew little of the busy life which supported its grandeur. There waB a great hive of miners and puddlers with wives and families, but their troubles and joyB were rarely known to the chief inmates of the mansion. The ladies certainly were interested in the annual races which took place on the course near Air bridge ; the coachman, the groom, and the other men about the establishment were much occupied with the frequent dog- fights and cock-fights to which the miners devoted a good deal of their leisure. There were also regular prize-fights, generally between a couple of men of the district, but sometimes between professional pugilists. These matches were arranged in profound secrecy ; but everybody knew about them, and took' part in them, or discreetly held their tongues. It would have been an unpleasant thing for any one who dared to explode these little entertainments. Even constables, who had been dispatched by over active provost or inspectors to stop such outrages upon civilisation, had been known to return without having seen any thing ! The neighbourhood of Airbridge was of a decidedly sporting character, especially in the way of horses. Almost every thriving tradesman owned a fast trotting pony which had won a match or two. But he was a much respected man who possessed a horse which had gained the Airbridge Cup at the annual races ; and there were several men in the town who were able to display that trophy on thtir sideboards. Mr. Marjoribanks entered all classes of society ; merchants welcomed him as one of their chiefs ; the oldest and moBt aristocratic families received him with respect, for his enormous wealth clouded all his errors of manner and nature ; to the most intelligent his honest frankness atoned for every fault ; and indeed it was one of his faults that he was inclined to be a little too frank about the lowness of his origin. So frank, that it became like a boast ; and that was un pleasant to those who were ready to accept the man as he stood, and to acknowledge his great success as proof of a talent which should command their esteem. There were those, however, who whilst bowing be fore him, laughed at him behind his back, and told all sorts of queer stories about what they playfully called his eccentricity. ThiB was one of them. When fitting up the library at Ravelston a bookseller's assistant attended to learn what works he desired to fill his shelves. 'Oh, anything from six inches to a footanda half,' was the answer. ' The man was astonished, but made a note of the order. ' Will you have them bound in Russia or Morocco, sir r ' ' Confound you, what should I send my siller from home for r — get them bound in Glasgow.' He was munificent to charities — which the wicked one said was his fire-insurance ; he was shrewd aud careful in business, every penny of income and expen diture was faithfully set down ; and it was one of his sayings that he could leave the world to-morrow and the state of his affairs might be definitely setted in an hour. He accomplished much good ; he conferred m,n. favours, but he had an unfortunate vra.y of letting everybody know what he had done, and that robbed his benevolence of much of its savour. Those who would have been most grateful felt that he had de prived them of the highest privilege of gratitude ? that of being the first to acknowledge the debt. He saw crowds of people flocking around hirit becking and bowing to him, and he was proud of his position. He had many enemies, as every successful man has, and he could afford to laugh at them. But what was b real misfortune, he had few, very fripnde who were attached to himself and not to hi8 wealth. He did not know that, and in ihe height of his glory he would not have cared much even if had known it. When he was petteed and flattered by BOtne great poli tician who wished to secure for his party the Marjori^ bank's interest at the next election, he would say with, much satisfaction : — 'Yes, I know the working classes — I -was one of them. I worked in the pit myself. When I wag laddie many a bright summer morning, aud many a, black winter morning, I've trudged along the road to my work, pick on my shoulder, lamp stuck ia my leathern cap, a poor half-starved wretch with never a. notion of being anything better. But you see luck, has been on my side, and now I'm pretty comfort able.' And he gave a broad laugh at that mild way of stating his position. He had a peculiar way of clear ing his throat with a gruff, guttural cough, at the be ginning, middle, and end of a sentence which was at times very discordant to the ears of his listener. ' How the deuce did such a man ever acquire such a fortune,' enviously exclaimed Jack Morrison, who was a prominent sporting character, and an independ ent gentleman in private, but in public was Airbridge's, chief grocer, distiller, miller, tobacco manufacturer and ever eo many things besides. ' ' By having an eye to see opportunity and the reso- i lution to seize it promptly,' answered Dr. Murray, a stout, quiet, grey-headed gentleman. ' ' But where did he find the opportunity— I've never found it.' ' He didn't find it bo much as he worked for it. When he left the pit he got some knowledge of engi neering ; then he went abroad, made some money, came home at the right moment, and invested in a mine. The investment turned up a trump, gave him, iron as well as coal, and so he went on until he became what you see him— owner of half the coal and iron in the district, and master of Ravelston.' 'Wish I hadn't been married,' said Morrison, thoughtfully. He was a tall, good-looking man of forty-five or so. ' Why ? ' ' Because I'd have gone in for old Marjoribank'a daughter or niece.' ' Ha ha, you would have no chance ; too many have already ? gone in ' for them, as you say.' The doctor added ' Good-day,' and proceeded on his round of visits. Mr. Marjoribanks examined his private letters ia the library at Ravelston immediately after breakfast, at which time the post arrived. ' Look here, Hill,' he said, a letter in his hand, the sun glinting on his round wrinkled face and large head, ' that chap who helped the girls when they were crossing from St. Malo, accepts the invitation, and says he'll be here for the twelfth. Write and; tell him I'm glad to hear it.' George Hill was the secretary ; he was supposed to be received as a gentleman,1 took his meals with the family, occupied the front seat in the carriage occa sionally, and he was treated tyy his master with a degree of discourtesy — not to say contempt— which no kitchenmaid would have endured more than once. Mr. Marjoribanks did not mean any harm by this brusque way of treating his servants ; but he caused & great deal of pain which . so amount of ostentatious liberality soothed or atoned for. It was one of his faults that he could not realise the idea that a man. who received payment for his labour might be a gen tleman. As a consequence, he often blundered unin tentionally. | Mr. Hill said ' Yes,' respectfully, laid the note on the writing table, and made a memorandum of the answer. Mr. Marjoribanks continued his examination of the letters, most of which he threw aside after reading th-s first line, with an impatient 'toots.' He deigned r» answer, through his secretary, about half- a-dozen. I When he had finished — ' Tell Forbes to give him the green-room ; he'a a smart-looking fellow, and seems to be used to good quarters.' 'You mean, sir ? ' ' Kilgour, Major Kilgour — who else ? ' ' 'Yes,' said Mr. Hill, again, and made another note. i Then, after many orders, Mr. Marjoribanka quitted the room without a thank you or good morning. Mr, Hill quietly sat down to his task. ; he was too ! well accustomed to his master's manner to take the slightest notice of it. ! In the parlour Mr. Marjoribanks found the ladies. First, his sister, who was always called Miss Janet; I age, not under fifty. Second, his daughter, Miss. Marjoribanks to ordinary folks and servants ; Bess I to those who were intimate. Third, his niece, Coila. i It is five years since that day of the expedition to [ the glen in search of blackberries ; Bess and Coila are women ; Austin Murray is aa army surgeon, and had I been out in Ashantee with the Black W aicU. h Bc£b, in her flawing moming-gown, is more beauti ful than ever ; her dark eyes more bright, and her ! general expression more resolute, although that does not detract in the lpast from the general attractiveness of her face and manner. She is not so outspoken as formerly; there is a certain reserve about her, aself ! consciousness and a cautiousness — as if she desired to make sure of her ground before she advanced an inch, i At the same time, there was a quiet, seductive smue for every one who approached her ; a soft P4rr*?£ I voice giving welcome, and, although she was mdu [ ferent to most people, she was really anxious to give i pleasure to all, without any more sinister motive than that she should be thought well of by all. i Ccila was not so frank as in the old days ; there was a dreamy light in her eyes, and something like sadness a in her expression. The two girls had been to school j together finishing — in Germany and afterwards at a pensionat near St. Malo. The experience had 'been a I bitter one to Coila. , From teachers and fellow pupils she had learned tne difference between the daughter of a millionaire and a mere dependant upon his bounty. No one had been consciously tftikind to her ; no one had intended show her that there was the leastdifference between ne and Bess. But the difference existed ; they felt it, an inspite of themselves they could not help showing i^ in the countless little tricks of manner which pass un observed by all except the unfortunate one who is 1 the position of a dependant. , f Coila was peculiarly sensitive to every shade word and look. So she came home, instead or merriest and most coquettish of the two girls, the sa dest and the shyest. In dress, in jewellery, in every item of exp_endi » Marjoribanks made her equal with his dtug ? But, somehow, she could not accept tho Posl frankly — she was pained by the fancy that tnere something false about it : she, a penniless orp ? - should not be like the heiress of a wealthy man. She accepted his gifts with abashed eyes— she was too much afraid of him to remonstrate. 8he took her allowance with trembling hands, and expended a Email portion of it with timidity and regret that she should be obliged to break upon it at all ; for she had a sort of nightmare feeling that some day it would be a relief to her to hand back to him all that he had given. These thoughts, or fancies, were all the more pain fol because there was no one to whom she dared express them ; they seemed to stifle her sometimes ; and they gave her always that sad expression of one in a dream. But there was one who saw and understood her ? Jlies Janet. 'I thought you lasses would be glad to know,' said Marjoribanks, entering the parlour in his usual abrupt way, ' and so I came to tell you that your friend, Major Kilgour, is to be here for the twelfth.' «« Oh, thank you, papa,' exclaimed Bess, arranging gome flowers in a vase ; *' he will be quite an acquisi tion to your party.' Ooila looked in amazement at Miss Janet. 