THE BANQUET OF BLOOD. AVEOBTABIAN LAT. A cockroach crawled over a baker's shelf. Waving his horns, and looking for pelf; The baker upon his broad board below. Was kneading and rolling about the dough. The board received such terrible thumps, As the baker's rolling pin struck the Jumps, The shelf was shaken, the cockroach fell Ah where? The baker he could not tell ! into the oven, deep in the dough. Stern fate would have the cockroach go. Dead and buried, his fate unknown. Perished the cockroach all alone. A napkin lay where a feast was spread. In its midst a bit of dainty bread, A lovely lady, with hands most fair, TJnravelTd the napkin lying there. Soups, fish, and birds, of many a kind, A pig with skewers, its joints to bind ; A rabbit with parsley stuck on his nose. And snipes and wallabys all laid in rows. Huge limbs of pork, beef, mutton, and veal, Were sliced by the flourish of sharp edged steel; The well changed plates were borne round. By valets in coats with gilt lace bound. Many a beggar might live on the steams, That danced in the hall on the Daylight beams. But he must have a most delicate smell. Who by its strange odour the dish could tell. A terrible shriek stirs the steam and air, That circle around the lady fair The guests all about the table rise. Gaze towards her with dread surprise. Pray sir, my lords." at length quoth she, " And. kindly I pray, don't question me." And glad were they, when the fright was o'er. To turn to the sumptuous feast once more. In vain did the lady try to eat Delicate morsels of richest meat ; A dreadful sight met her constant view She had bitten the hateful cockroach through ! Then to her, in the steam, from a bright tureen, Was the ghost of the luckless cockroach seen; While confusion in her ears did ring. The sprite of the cockroach seemed to sing: " Lady! why gave you that terrible shriek ! Why rolled your eye, and paled your cheek? Why dread to bite a poor worm like me. But eat sheep and swine most greedily P " Oh, delicate lady, oh ! sensitive fair. See the table strewn with carcasses there. mangled and torn all flesh from bone ; Oh, leave such horrible feasts alone ! u The waving corn, and the fruitful tree. Bear gracious nourishment for thee; Live, fair one, as a lady should, And, being beautiful, be good ! *' Though lions, tigers, vultures, prey. Be thou more merciful than they Thy health wORst thy life be long !" And thus the cockroach ceased his song. JERRY. Perth, Oct. 26 1874. 