MUSIC. THE CLAUS AND REKEL FAREWELL. CONCERTS. The resumption of these concerts was wel- - corned on Thursday night at the Town-hall' by a large audience. The knowledge that only two more opportunities remained wherein. to enjoy the performances of the greatest ■ artist on the violin who has ever been pre sent in this part of the world, induced great - numbers of those who have any preten sions to good taste in music to attend. It is gratifying to know that although this - highly talented lady came here utterly un known ana unannounced, she has achieved a position by the strength of merit which is not second to any in the opinion of her bearers, and while this must be satisfactory - to her, it reflects credit on her audience. The sonata consists of three movements;', the-Dream (larghetto affetuosoj, the Ghost (tempo giusfb),. and II Trillo del Diavolo (andante sihereo8o)._Thr pweetly bar— mpnieed—passages of the first movement and the torrent of ever-varying notes which go to make up the apparentiy formless but ■ yet rythmical "dream," in which all sorts o£' harmonised intervals, from octaves down wards, are constantly appearing with sur prising effect, were played with that steady - confidence in her own great powers as an < executant which fixed the attention of tha audience, and prepared them for the - most brilliant display of what we may call compound playing—for want of abetter - word—that has ever been witnessed here. As if this grand effort of memory, artistic taste,. and manual skill were not enough at the time,. the audience cheered the player to such an. extent that she returned again- with her - violin and toned down, their enthusiasm with the grave beauty of "Auld Robin Gray." Mademoiselle Claus's third appearance was - in the Mendelssohn trio (the One in D minor)' for. violin,' pianoforte, and violoncello, in which Mr.Puddee (piano) and Mr. Montagus (violoncello) took part. It was a great treat' to listen once more to Mr. Buddee's finished and scholarly style of playing, Mr. Mon tague never was heard to better advantage than on tins occasion, and Mdlle. Clans* seated end pUying from.the printed pagfr for; the first time in Melbourne, com— nleted a trio of perfect executants. The news conoerning Madame Arabella Goddard oontinues to be unfortunate. Ac cording-to letters received by the Pera, the? company arrived at Madrafc from Ceylon on the 28th NovembwIaBt, but owing to tha tremendous jnnt they oould not land nhtiP the Ug,day. a fetv-dkys'xest in thecapbri^irariuptothe - large ftna be^y station, BMsgalore, wfcera ' the first two Indian ooneerta,prififoa!iyan* hadtbj .efl" 