ST. EDlMUND'S PARSONAGE, GUNNING. On Easter Tuesday last the corner-alone of this building was laid by MIre. Kennedy of Oullingwood, in the preseonce of a large number of the congrega tion and friends. At one o'clock strvice was held in the church by the Rev. Ierborbt Taylor, incuuboont, and W.: l. Martyn Esq., lay-reador, oiler which a procession' wee made to the site of the pureonago, which is. lroeady commenced. After prayer, scripture, and. snlllninu. The Ron. II. E. Taylor said that in the absence of. the Bishop, who they bhad hoped might have laid the atone of the personago, as a few years before, his Lordship had done that of the church, he had much plIasurr in asking Mrs. Kennedy to perform-the ceremony, than whom no fitter person could bhe found, nor one so univoraully beloved, and to whom the congregation rend he (the speaker) prseonally owed a debt of gratitude they could not repay. fHaving spoken for himself, he would call upon Mr. IRayner to speak for the congregation. Mr. Rayner stepped forward, and with a few well chosen remarks presented Mrs. Kennedy with the fllowing address and a handeome trowel, on behalf of the congregation : Dear Mttetm,--We, tie undersigned member of' tileo cnn. grecation attending t. Etan .id's 'hurcehr at tetnieg, tbeg your aeee taennce of thlis adlecs, togetler .with a slver trowel, on te oocaulon of your Itylrg tee foundutlon-steoe of tile nrsoauge. We prerent you with It as a token.of the great respect and estoeem In which you are held by us. When you eame amongst us you found us e asentorel flock. You undertook an onerous duty, the collcotion of the atlpent. fIy tIe help of Oot and your untiring exertions your mis. sion eroepteed, the flocr onee more became united, and we re corhed tLe benret of a resldent pnstor. The token we present to you Ia of srall inotrinsic value; but ihe words engruv on it emay, when you are fcr fecal us, re call us toyour remembrance, and tell you at the same time how deeply we regarded you. With ur your memory wilst alwtys reront green, or we 'hill daily Irok uene that buildion of which you this dny lay the falundatnlo-stole. we. trust your mieseon may not end hereer but that should you giod Ia tIhat prt or the colony to whiche youe.ny evern. tuarlly bet clled, neother scattered flock, einy thrat flock by your exertlono be gathered togerther and prosper s rwe have ,zone. , - We wieh you nnd your famlly health and happiness and alt the prosperity tils wor d eau afford.' Signed on behalf of the .ongreg rtln, F. if. (,UuOLLT Teao. If. Loes, .Churchwarden. ltrcnaen Je ss. ;Chescehwetdeee. E"onu, 0 Ita hnra,, O.P.S. Jelof gjzt nr, The trowel, which was the work of Mr. H. S. Olrks of Goulhuro, was very ornamental,-with an)all-wood haundlo, and bore the followmng'insorip lion: l'rnentedo to lMrs. R. 1I. Ifennnty on the oatstlnn of Iler laying lheenrner- slone of St E loan l's prson.ger, Oulning, ns , proor of the osteln with which she Is regarded by eveory merber of tho congrewnllon. Enter, 1874. Mrs. Kennedy replied to this ffect :--I nm deeply touohed,Mr Ir Rayner, by yotr kind remarks and by the fooling of,tho congregation expressed in this ad dress, and by:_this beaultihl, trowel. I can ossure you that whatever .I have done hoa been a real pleasure to me, and in ill my eolleoting'tours I hove only mnot with one refusal. The reason is that our dear friend, Mr. Taylor, is so well beloved that all are ready to give willingly to support his ministra ltion among ts. I am only sorry that we are build ing the parsonage for one thing, and that in hbeause it will caose him to .eave our house.- But sinle this tparsnoaeo is to he built, I hope you will come for ward and cover this stone with your offerings, all of which are needed for its erection. These remarks, which were frequnntly inler rupted by applause, were most gracelully delivered, and at their conclusion the Royv. Mr. Taylor called for three cheers for Mrs. Konnedy, which were given most heartily. A bottle containing coins, newspapors, and the following inscription was placed in a cavity beneath the stone, which was then sot, and the fair mason declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: - to the onam of the blesseo nod undividd Trinity, tlls stone, the cornerostone of st. Edmund's parsonage. Ounnlog, was lald by Mary, wifo of Robrt lenry Konno ly EIsq. of Col lingwood, Ounning, In the presencs of the milniser, chlurrh wsnrens, annd a elgo numoer of thie eongregltion of St. El nld's Church. thins lEter T ersday, April 7th, In the year of nrace, 1874; the Right Rpe. tsach Tlomnas bolng lishop of the dlolles; thn ROe. Ilerbert Elwnrd Ta'ylor loint Inclum lent, and William Matthews Mortsy bueng catechist of the parochil deistrict, and the followingl heng tile nmos of the parsollge b.lding committeet Robert Ia.ery kenns ly, Thlnm, IIrringlon lrtne. RlOhard. Jones, ehurbehMldens; land fIeoo. lirh. llndfrley, .nd eorlleurst La'ie od, 1o and 17 ver.es:-- ord Thou hast been our Iweldn5l ellee In nil sonenrioll, heioro Ile noun tln ere ehesIr 0 llfgh111 0- ever T1h1n h llelt formal the o es th ando tll wot ll. Even from oevsrltl g toL everlll,.llting ThllOl ort nlt. Etlaeli Tlls, tllhei work oflur hoods upon au, yeo the ork of our hands estaoblish Thou It. Dlr. T. Line, churechwardln, then read the lnh scriplion-list, by which it appoored that about £350 only woa premised townards the uilding, which was estimated to cost nearly £800. Ite trusted that Ill present would comw forword liberally and help on the good work. ntrs. K?nnedy then laid a donation of £5 on thl stone, which wee quickly covered by' many mori, amounting in all to £3G in cash, and about £20 was also afterwards given in promises. A move then wus made to a large booth, in which seven tables wore epread by the following ladies: - loesdnmes Kennedy, Line, Jones, Firth, Sands, and lstes, and Meiss oRynolds. About two hundred peri sons partook of tea, after whioh specheos were do liverod by the incumbolet, Mr. Mertyn (reador), and tilesrs. h in. Ilnd Jones, interspersed with songs boautifully rendered by some of the congregation. Al five o'clot1 all departod to their homes, well pleased with their delightfil day, of whioh the ehbrming weather wits 0 noticeable feature. It was remarked that a large olmber of friendls from Otol l-ctor wore present who hlld rildoden over sixteen miles to ho present on this interesting ocossion. The next day, Wednesday, the children's treat took place. The children tI the number of slxly marehed tlreugh the town with banners flying, sine ing hymns, and were regaled with more of the good things of this lifo than they could conveniently dis pose of. This was also a lovely day, and most highly enjoyed by all. Oit Tuesday morning the annual election of churehwardens tnok place, when the retiring wardens, Mesers. K?onnedy, Jones, and Line wore ro ellected, osler being complimen ted on their successful yeer of offioo, the accounts of the church being most fleulsrihillng. We may mention that the architeet of the par sonoge is Signor Sltomhuco of Ooulhurn ; and the design, which is oxcaodingly ele?,ot and in the Elizaboethan style, is most creditable to that gentle maln. 