DRAWING OF ST. DAVID'S. TO THE EDITOR, OF THE MERCURY. Sir-This subject appears to me to require more notice than it has yet received. I am much attached to the Church of England, and hope to see her rise above all Ritualism-to get from the shadow to the substance. The Churchwardens desire great commendation for ordering the removal of the sable drapery from the pulpit. What did it signify of The Archdeacon says that it was placed there to commemorate the death, or funeral, of the Lord Jesus. Good Friday is said to be the recurring day of the our on which our blessed Lord was crucified is and if we " observe days," how ought we to observe this? Surely not by putting on public vestments, and dealing with black ! Should it not rather be a special day of rejoicing? to commemorate und rejoice over the vastness of the Saviour's love ? Wits it not on that day that He specially purchased our redemption that He tasted death for every man ? If we have individually known, " repentance towards God and faith towards the Lord Jesus Christ," we have become of the family of God, and on "Good Fridays" might we not unite in triumphant praise " Unto Him that loved IIB, and, washed us from our sins in His own blood, and made us kings and priests unto God and His Father, (and Bay) to Him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen." Much more might be written on the subject of our Lord's death, for though crucified, yet, He laid down his life : us He said, " No man taketh it from me, I lay it down of myself, he &c.;" But was our Lord crucified on a Friday F The testimony of Scripture disproves it St. Mark says, that it was at three o'clock p.m. our Saviour gave up the ghost, and 42nd verse, "And now, when even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the Sabbath, do, so." We must bear in mind that the Jewish day began at even at sunset. At sunset the " Preparation" day begun in other words, the sixth day, now called Friday, commenced. Our Saviour than must have been crucified on a Thursday, and all the gospels condemn this, and so do our Saviour's own words, " As Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth ;" which could only have been fulfilled by the crucifixion taking place on the Thursday. Let us trace the events Joseph of Arimathea went in to Pilate boldly at even (in other words on preparation day) and begged the body of Jesus, and the Saviour laid down his life at 3 o'clock on Friday, the Sabbath would then have commenced. Pilate marvelled if he were already dead, and sent to ascertain the fact, because Jesus was crucified without the gates of Jerusalem, and when he knew it of the Centurion, be granted the request. Now the audience, and the sending out to the scene of crucifixion, must have occupied considerable time, so that it proves conclusively that a mistake has been made in naming Friday as the anniversary day of the crucifixion. Not that it matters much, the due Christian commemorates the death of the Lord Jesus daily. He calls to mind somewhat of the length and breadth, the height and depth, of his love ; how can he formed this greatest of all blessings to the human family, since the fall of our first parents. For it is in Him that we have redemption from sin and its awful consequences ; through his blood the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, and are made pal makers of the di woo nature Yours faithfully, CHRISTIAN, 