fflTtt an* pmnoif A recent ghost was heard singing — ' 'Twas a cough that carried me off : . Twas a coffin they carried me off in. : A girl wrote to her lover, who had become in sane, that, though he had gene o it of his own. mind, he had never gone out of hers. The one thing, says Jean Paul, which a maiden most easily forgets is how she looks — hence mirrors were invented. A Chicago lady sent an order to Rome to a celebrated sculptor for ' one marble figger of Appoler in his dose, to coret not more than 1,000 dollars.' . In describing a new organ, a country editor ?ays, 'The swell died away in delicious suffooa tion, like one singiiig a sweet song under the bed-clothes.'' When anyone out West relates a oironm stance that takes more than two men to believe, they interrupt^him by asking if lie has a photo, graph of the occurrence. ' A paper says of the air in its relation to man, 'It kisses and blesses him, but will not obey him.'' Wobbs aay« that description suits his wife exactly. ' A gentleman who lately gave a free lectu: e did not feel complimented when the morning papers declared that 'the lecture was worth the price of admission.' 'The absurdities of English pronunciation,' says a German -critic, 'are well exhibited in the case of the word 'Boz,3 which u pro nounced ' Dickens.' ' A Detroit paper, noticing the fact that a man fell down dead while combing his hair, says :: — 'And yet there are people who will persist in that dangerous habit.' The editor of a juvenile paper received the following flittering testimonial : — ' Please stop your paper. Our Annie died on Monday, after reading youT last number.' Heroism is limited, after alL A girl who, the other day, jumped into Alerrimac rivar and rescued a drowning child, fainted away when she eaw her false curls floating down the stream. Alluding to the fact that three steamers have been fatally weakened by additions to their length, the Christian Register says : — ' Many fine sermons have been ruined the sam9 way.' The following sentiment is attributed to Napoleon Bonaparte: — 'A handsome woman pleases the eye, but a good woman pleases the heart. The one is a jewel — the ether is a trea sure. It is reported that Brigham Young lately said, in an heroic moment, ' If. I thought it was really necessary, in order to the building up of the kingdom, I cou'd bury every one of my wives without shedding a tear.' An Irishman, who was very near-sighted, about to fight a duel, insisted that he should stand six pacts nearer to his antagonist than, the latter did to him, and that they were botb to fire at the same time. A 'thrifty' gentleman, being very ill, re cently sent for the minister, who laid down the Divine law earnestly and severely. The sick man felt its application, and said, ' If I get well I shall live principally honest.' An Oswego paper describes a fire by saying that 'the red flames danced in the heavens and flung their fiery arms about like a funeral pall until Sam Jones, Esq., got out on the roof, and doused them out with a pail of water.' The Princess de Metternich, the leader in every amusement, has arranged to have a little steamboat on the lake at Engbien, and to serve dinner under the deck-awning as the vessel makes the tour of the piece of water. . ' I can't pass you to- night,' said the check taker of a concert-room recently to an inverate free- lister. ' Well,' responded the veteran, ' I don't want you to pass me, you just stay where you are, and I'll pass you,' and he passed. A school committeeman writes :— ' We hav« a schoolhouse large enough to accommodate four hundred pupils four stories high.' Aeon temporary, describing a procession, says — ' The procession was very fine, and nearly two miles in length, a3 was also the prayer of Be. Perry the chaplain.' An American literary journal, in its account of the County Teachers' Institute, says : — ' An exercise in spelling was given on Monday afternoon, consisting of 20 words, in which no teacher spelled all the words correctly, though five come within two of it, and one other come nearer yet,' &c.; 'Oringes, 'sparrargris, strarbirrys, gripes, and nuts for sail,' was an aimoucement in a Dublin stiop -window recently that caused some mirth on in its first appearance. A Home Ruler, who joined the jocular circle, said, ' Sorra a joke can I see. Ah, faix ! and it's nuts they've spilt wrong, but what is thor in ihai?' Cross-examining a witness, a New York at torney asked, * ' Were you not, on the night on which you say you «'ere robbed, in such a state of vinous excitement as to preclude the pos sibility of your comprehension of yonr situa tion with that acsuracy and precision necessary to a delineation of truth ?' ' Why/'&sksfheScient;'fic American, 'should not a child be taught to write with both hands indifferently?' We don't know, unless it be that indifferent writing is hardly looked upon as a desirable accomplishment. We could point out quite a number of people who write so in differently with one hand that it is a matter for gratulation they cannot use both. A gentleman attended a Jbaziar recently, and fell in love with a demoiselle in the floral temple. He bought a basket of flowers, price £L, and handing her a £5 note said, 'If you don't give me the exact change, I'll marry you.' The blushing maiden handed him back £1— she was probably confused — and he re marked, 'I thought so.' It is to be hoped ht'll come back, M. Theodore de Ban villa is credited with a very happy retort by the Charivari. It appears that he waB being bored the otiier evening at a party by an in -ividual who asked him all sorts of foolish questions. ' Can you tell me, sir,' said this person, ' how verses are made, for I confess I have ntver been able to understand V — ' it is very easy sir.' — ' Really ?' — ' Really. You take lines of unequal length, you pat rhymes at the end, and talent inside of them.' — ' Ah !' 