THE ODDFELLOWS' PICNIC AT GAWLER. The Manchester Unity of Oddfellows held their annual picnic at Gawler on New Year's Day. To some the idea of holiday making in the open air on such a day was foolish. Possibly it was, bat it ao lest remains a feet that there sraa a very large atteodaoce at ttb p-cnic, and (hat many of those who attended obtained a certain •mount of enj- ymttnt. There were diasrbada In the stay, but the excursionist, set themsdves aolidly down to enjoy themselves, and tried hard to fancy thai were succeeding in the at tempt. The ordinaiy terms used in describing heat would be comparatively feeble to give any idea of what sras experienced at Gawler. There «v hardly a ghost of a breeze, and Old Sd poured down his rays witt a fiery fervor fearful tofeeL The idea of athletic sports on such a day ! And yet there were fonnd a luge number participating in these, sriule the weaker sex, not to be outdone, -rigorously. The quantity of gingstfaeer { drunk, or tatter tte empty bottles in Martina booth at th doae of the day, was something wonieiful to contemplate. A Good Templar wodd have rejoiced if tte marring effect of the empty beer casks had not been introduced. Order, witb a few trivial exceptions, prevdied throughout, and every one seemed pretty good | humored, though tbe heat was said to be "enough to provoke a saint,*' A saint could, indeed, stand a good ded of pr>voca tion if Thursday's heat did not draw from him a murmur. T-_re. trains took the -__ta_-_-o___te to the giouads of ths Hen. W. Dufiidd, M.L.C., on tte banks of tbe Para The fint bft at 9 30, the aeoond half-an-beor la er, while the third started at 12.30. This was a veiy good arrangement, and, indeed, the srfaole of the arrangements were weU carried out. Tbo journey up was unmarked by any noteworthy incident; uadeed.it was fdt bysometoberather monotonous, <m arrivd at tbe ground, tbe pio ulcers distributed ttemadvesabout, tte majority making for tte sh-de of the treea Some wan dered up and down the river, and odeoted rites for en joying their luncheon, whib othen made for tbe refreshment booths. Tbe athlerio sports had beea weU arranged, aud were carried out in good time. Some of tbe events were coaely contested, and the handicapping gave much aa-Ufae-ion. -Jhradsr's Band sras in attendance, and gave sde-tions cf dance and other mu-io. The customary meant of amuse ment at such gatherings ware provided, and they were fairly patronised, though during the middle of the day the must popular occupation aeemed to be resting under the gum trees and contemplating nattur. Swings, blindfold gamea, an.l so on were kept going daring the afternoon, and a reasonable amount of c_mns_m>nt sras obtained by tbo?e who sought earnestly aud hardy for it. The cateiing was under the superintt-ndr-noe *-f Host Martin, of the Globe Hotel, Gawler, and there were several rt fresh ment booths and fruit stalb. Ihe Oommittee kindly provided, tree of charge, a plentiful supply of water for the b-n.fit of the thirsty, who preferred water to any stronger beverage. Shortly before 6 o'olo.k two-thirds at bast of ttopbdovre started fur tte station, and two long trains were aoon filled. Of course tiw! usud difficultie. In filling op wore experienced. There were acme who dispbyed utter selfish ness and want of conrideration for others, and crammed themselves hastily and nnceretnml- j ously into tbe trucks. A Uttie thought won I easily have convinced tbem ttat there waa ample accommodation, and tiiat thdr end; would be gained jost a. quick*-* and aa weU by lets hattineitand a Uttie more thought for ito feelings _i others. The Station-Master and guards at Gawler, by tact and good temper, succeeded in preventing mutt unp-eassntaes. ; and the fact that no accident occurred reflects great credit npon tte railway officiate The trains reached the dty in good time, and tte majority of the excursionist, treat home, bdng tired witt tto day's exertiona Thb makes the 12 th picnic of the Order, sad the sth that bas been bdd at Gawler. tt waa estimated ttat there were abont 1,50] person, on tto ground. The proceed, are devoted to a fund for some charitable pnrpoae, tiw character of srbbh a Committee of tte Order will have to decide opon. An amount A £-00 b now in hand, end £400 waa handed over to tte Widow and Orphan Fond before tte separate fund wsa created. Mr. Outfield's kindness fa tending tto use d fab ground, to tte Order hat generaUy been ac knowledged by a deputation on theoeeariond tte picnic, but the offioen were ao busy on Thnnday that ttey had not time fer this, and Mr. Duflidd'a courtesy wiU be acknowledged by btter. Tto exertion, ot tto offioen to make the pbnb a suooets deserve mention ; and tte courtesy of the hon. Secretary cf tte Baoe Committee (Mr. G W. MtUer) deserves apedal comment. The foUowing b a Ust ot the events :- Judge—Mr. D. Uthgow; Handieapper, S.G. Kingston. Flat Race.—loo yards. £1 la, presented by Dr. Gun-ran; second, 10a Cd., presented by tte Abyor(Ur. W. D. Albtt). Three entries. T. BeadnaU,firrt; J. Bracket-bridge, second, Flat Race.—2oo yards. For sons of memben of Order under 14. Opera ghat*. vdus£l 10s., pnaented by Air. <J Balk, J.P.; second, 10s. Cd., presented by Mr. V. Dnmaa. Three entries. C. James, first; J. Fitzgerald, aeoond. Fitzgerald protested eg-sinst James recdving first prize on tte ground ttat lie sraa over the ag_ specified. Handicap Hurdle Baca—44o yards, over 10 hurdles 3 feet 3 inches high. £3 3*, presented by Hanasen A Oatohbve: ■asoad, £1 la, pre sented by Mr. J. O. Bray, M.P. ; third, 10a Id., preaentedbyMr. T.BaUantyna Nine cables. B. Furndl (IS yards), first; T. Besdndl (17 yards) and T. Bfanmaa (18 yards) tied, oad divided the stake, between ttsin. Handicap Flat Baca—44o yaxda For mem hen of the Order. £3 3e., presented by Mr. J. Primrose; aeoond, gold studs, presented by Mr. J. M. Wendt Five entries. J. Brackea brfdge, first; C. Ooodfelbw, second. Both started from aerateh. Handbap Flat Baee.—22o yards. Odd tecket, vdue £1 10a, presented by Mr. W. Becker; seoond, rieeve links, vdue 15a. pre sented by Mr. B. At BagdTl_-ght entriea. W. A. Hnbbb (10 yard.), fint, j. Greatrex (8 yarda), second. Handicap Flat Baee.-One idle. Barer Cup, value £5 5*., presented by Mr. W. K. Simat, M.P-; second, deeve links, presented fay Mr. J. Davis. Twdve entriea B. Duncan (55 ysrda), fint; T. Sisman(2o yards), second. Walking Mate's.—4oo yards For memben cf tte Order over SO yean. BQver-_ooonted Malacca cane, value £110s.; aeoond, 10a 6d., presented fay P.O. Dearman. Three entriea F. F-roukd, first; D. Uthgow, aeoond. _T.nS__«p Walking Match—On* mUa £8 2a, presented by Mr. E. T. Smitt, M.P.; second, £1 la, preeented fay Mr. W. Bt. tr. Gordon; thhd, dgar cue andeeateute, value 10a 64., preeented fay Mr. B. Bends. Four entriea J. G. Hasrket (60 yarda), fint; H. Hasrkea (acratdi), aoeood; T. Greea (40 yai-fe), Flat Baca—3oo yarda Fancy bdt. vdue £16a, presented by Mr. A. Do-Beyer; soeond, lite. Sd, preeented by Mr. H. Domeyer. Bix entriea T. Beadoetl, fint; P. J. Kite— •eoond. Handicap Fbt 8a0e,—220 yarda For mem ben' sons nnder 18 years. SUvor enp, vsloe A3 3a, preeented by the Judge, Mr. D. Uth gow ; secu-d, aUvar peadfaaacy vdue ISa, pre sented by Bro. D. Gouge. Three entriea W. Goodfdlow (3 ytrds), first j S. B. Oriddb (5 yirds), second. n_-._i.--r. Fiat Baoe.—lso yarda Odd aoaxf pin, vdue £1 sa, presented by Mr. Trew; second, Northern Territonr cane, sUver-mounted, vdue 10s. 6d., preeented fay Bra. Thorpe, of tte Albion Lodge. Twdve entriea T. Besd ndl (6 yards), fint; H. Jame. (2 yards), second. James protested against BeadnaU re ceiving tto fint prise, for jostling during tfae laoe. Bpoon Baca—so yanb. 16a; aeoond, gdd pin, preeented by Mr. J. Hanton. Ten entriea. Mebrtena, fint; A. W. Jonas, aeoond. 