AMERICA.. PISTOLS IN PARLIAMENT—SENSATIONAL' SCENE. A lively scene has occurred in the Honse of Eepresentative3 of South Carolina. • A bill was under discussion, when Mr Dan* nerly, a colored member, rose to speak, but conducted himself in such an eccentric manner that the sergeant-at- arms at* tempted to remove him. Dannerly- re sisted, and drawing a pistol loaded with slugs, put the serjeant-at-arms and half a dozen deputies to flight." . Several members then made a. rush at him, but bis colleague, Mr Biley, a colored mem ber from Orangeburg, rallied to his sup port, and grabbing him by' the collar with one hand, kept the crowd at bay with the other. Pistols were drawn, and desks, chairs, and inkstands overturned , in the. melee which ensued. The speaker rapped his gavel industriously, and called upon the sergeant-at-arms to do ! his duty, but that functionary was powerless to do anything. Dannerly and his colleague in the meantime kept up an incessant fire of oaths and horrible language, and still held their , position. A resolution was then intro- ] duced providing for the expulsion of both members from Orangeburg. After discussion the resolution to expel Biley was passed, and*the sergeant- at-arms was sent after the chief offender, Dannerly. A, new difficulty then arose. Dannftiy, it was stated, was too intoxicated to appear before the House. He was nevertheless brought up—his condition being described as " de cidedly limp"—and his speech to the House rambling and unintelligible. He then withdrew, and tlfb resolution to expel him was passed by a vote of 79 yoas to 18 nays. Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Carolina, is doing missionary work in its neighbourhood. The American rival of Vesuvius, as it is already naped, has been " interviewed," and the result communi cated to the world. The shocks, described by the correspondent of the Xew York Herald as " commencing with a noise like that of a smothered blast, and followed by a low rumbling sound," are producing a most profound effect upon the inhabitants of that part of the district. At a farm house where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of panic-stricken people. One of these, who owed fifty dollars, offered to sell his two cows and' a horse for that amonnt, " because be did not want to. go out of the world owing a cent to any man." And his feelings are shared by tho wholo population. Prayer meetings are held, at which tho most extraordinary conversions aro made. Those at " Elliott's house, at the base of Stons Mountain," are described as of a most en thusiasts nature. During their continuance on the fifth day, a singular Bceua oocurred. A perfect Eip van Winkle appeared in the' person of Major Benffe, an illicit' distiller." The major, "who. carried on his sinful traffic in'the very bowels of the mountain, and waB seldom seen by humans," appeared aB pale as a ghost," and exclaimed "It's coming and thar ain't no ubb a talkin'. Ef you had be'n shub as bad as I you wouldn't be a wantin' notbin' but religion." The old man then told how tho rumbling noises determined him to come down the mountain, mend his ways, and Quit distilling. Thinking the world was coming to an end, all he wanted .was " a revenue officer to whom he could confess his transgressions against the Govern ment." But the revenue officers had fled the night before from the same cause. They hud attended the meeting, during which " the severe Bhocka so frightened them" that they ordered their horses and " put off in a hurry." A negro preacher has improved the occasion and made numerous conversions. The only fear is that when danger disappears the converts will return to their old ways. The women's whisky war ia still a topic of great interest in the American journals. In Buffalo a shrowd dealer got a notice published that his saloon was to be visited, and in this way drew a huge crowd, who consumed a vast amouat of liquor while waiting for tho women to come. No ladies put in appearance, and the crowd, ulti mately discovering the hoax, dispersed. In Indianapolis, a dealer employed an or chestra to drown the prayer-meeting, but it was ineffectual, and he finally let, out a couple of tame bears, at sight ot which the ladies beat a hasty retreat. Throwing pepper in the stovo is a common trick, and always dissolves tho prayer meet ings. At Piqua, Ohio, a bar-keeper began undressing, and this caused the ladies to withdraw. His conduct almost got him lynched, however, for a crowd soon gathered, and gave him an hour's time W vfejcla tfl Logwt p. saloon-keeper who surrendered his " back slid " and begun business again, so that he is now " the subject of a perfect storm of prayers." At Bipley the ladies, being de nied admission to a saloon, built a fire and encamped in front of it, conducting the siege so vigorously that in a few hours the proprietor surrendered. In Chicago the movement began in a small way on February 25th. An old lady went from one saloon to another in a part of the town where they are numerous, and in forming each barkeeper that she intended to pray for him, knelt in a corner and offered up her supplication. The Western tele grams repoit some disturbances at London, in Ohio, where a " tabernacle" placed in front of a sal' on has been wrecked by the proprietor and his friends, the ladies being drenched with buckets of filthy water. 