SUNDAY HEADING, Eeligion and Usefulness. (Extracted from " The Young Man from Home" by the late Rev. John Angeli James.) TJIEIVR aro two or three questions concerning true religion, which may, with great propriety, be asked ; and which have, or ought to have, great force in recommending it to all. Whom did it ever impo , verish, except by martyrdom ? whom did it eyer render miserable'? who ever, on a death-bed, re ! pented of having lived under its inlluence ? On j tho contrary, how many millions has it blessed í with wealth and happiness in life, and comfort in death? But what is religion ? Give me your attention, while I attempt to answer this question. It is the most momentous inquiry which can engage the intellect of mun. In its theory, it is called, by way of eminence, Truth ; in its practice, Wisdom; in its essence, Love ; in its effect, Peace ; and in its des- tiny, Immortality. It is sustained by abundant and unanswerable evidence ; it has engaged the attention, and captivated the minds ot men of the profoundest intellect. To speak only of our own country, I might mention Bacon, Milton, New- ton, Locke, Addison, Johnson, and a host of others. And it is now preparing to subdue all nations to tho obedience of faith, ls it not a subject, then, which demands and deserves attention ? j Tho question, however, still returns, What is religion ? To reply first in negatives, it is not merely being baptized lu any particular Church; it is not merely being educated in tho profession ;.of any particular creed; it is not merely being accustomed to observo any particular forms ; it is not merely an attend- ance at any particular place of public worship ; or to prefer any particular set of doctrines, however orthodox and scriptural. Religion is all this ; but it is a great deal more ; it includes this, but it goes much further.It includes the following things : RKIVKNTAXCH TOWARDS GOD. This is frequently enjoined in the Now Testa- ment. " Except ye repent, yo shall all likewise perish." (Luko xiii, 3.) "Repent, and be converted, that your sins may l o blotted out." (Acts iii, 19.) " Godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation, not to be repented of." (2 Corinth, vii, 10. ) From this last passngo it clearly appears what repent- ance means, and that sorrow is only a part of it; yea, only tho operative causo of it I'ho word signifies a chango of mind with regarcf to sin ; it is such a view of tho ovil of sin in genoral, and of the number ami aggravation ot our own sins in particular, as leads us to confess them to God, without reservo or excuse, to bato and to forsako them. But repentance is not enough ; this is but a part of religion, anil is not all that is necessary to sal- vation ; for without faith, have whatever wo may, it is impossible to ploaso God. God has not loft man to perish in his sins. Mercy has visited our world, and brought salvation to man, " God so loved the world that Ho gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting lifo." When tho gaoler, oxpecting to perish, exclaimed. " What must I do to bo saved ?" tho Apostlo replied, "Believe on the I Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Wo uro instilled liv faith," wo "purify our hearts by faith," wo "walk by faith." Faith, in general, moans such a liol ¡ol' of tho whola of Clod's Holy Word UH lends us to observe and obey it. .Faith in Christ signillu.H such a belief in tho testimony borne to him in tho Scripture, as tho Son of God and Saviour of tho world; as our Mediator between God und mun ; as our .Prophet, I'riost, and King ; ns our atoning Sucrilict', and justifying rightenusnoss ; as loads us to quit all dependence upon our own works for pardon, acceptance with God, and salva tion ; and to roly, exclusively and with expectation of eternal lifo, upon his propitiation and interces- sion. This is one great part of religion, and an essential to salvation. Faith is the saving grace ; it is not that for which wo are saved, as tho meri j torious cause, but that by which we are saved, as tho instrumental means. The lirst effect of true faith, is peace ; tho second, love ; the third, holiness. ¡ With faith is connected an entire chango of the heart, conduct, and character. This is what our Lord calls being "born again," being "born of water and the .spirit." And the inspired evangelist designates it "horn, not nf blood, nor of the will of the (lesli, nor of the will of man, but of God." l t is what the Apostle calls-" putting off the old mau, which is corrupt with his deeds, and putting on tho now man, which is renewed in knowledge after tho imago of Him that created him." lt is what is meant wnen he says, " If any man be in Christ, ho is a new creature ; old things are passed away ; behold, all things aro become new." It is that entire change of our moral nature, which is effected by the Spirit of God, through the word received by faith ; when the corrupt and fallen nature which we inherit from Adam ia taken away, and tho holy and spiritual nature is imparted. This is the new birth ; such a change in our hearts as gives a new direction to our thoughts, feelings, tastes, and pursuits ; and this direction is towards God, holiness, and eternity ; whereas, formerly, it was towards sin, and tho present world. Now, tho soul loves God with a supreme affection, and from this love springs a sincero desire to please Him, and an endeavour to serve Him, with the obedience of affection, even as a son obeys the father whom he loves. Now, ho fears sin, hates it, and strives to avoid it, as that which God hates, and from which Christ died to redeem him. Now ho has a tender conscience, and a jealousy over himself, lest ho should offend God, and pollute his own soul. I Ie watches and prays, lest he enter irtto tempta- j tkm; ami sanctilica'tion is his delight. Now he keeps holy the Sabbath, reads the word of God, rejoices in the preaching of the Cro33, loves secret ' praj'er, receives the Supper of the Lord, joins in the Communion of Saints, because these things aro means of grace, and ordinances of God. Con- strained by the love of Christ, he now seeks to be useful, especially by diffusing that religion which he has found i'or himself. He gives up all his former sinful aniusements, for they do not now suit his taste ; his delight is in God and his service, to which these are all contrary. Ho is« independent of them, and happy wi thoutthem. Such is religion -a personal, experimental, and practical thing. It is a thing of the heart, and not merely outward forms; a living principle in the soul, influencing the mind, employing the affections, quieting tho will, and directing, as well as enlightening, the conscience, lt is a supreme, not a subordinate matter, demanding and obtaining the throne of tho soul, giving law to the whole character, and requir- ing tho whole man, and nil his couduct, to bo in subordination. It is an habitual, not an occasional thing : it takes up its abode in the heart, and not only sometimes, and at particular seasons, visiting it. _ It is a universal, and not a partial thing ; not confining itself to certain times and places, and occasions, but forming an integral part of the character, and blending with every occupation. It is noble and lofty, not an abject, servile, and gro- velling thing; it communes with God, with truth, with holiness, with heaven, with eternity, with infinity. It is a happy, and not a melancholy thing, giving a peace that passeth understanding, and a joy that is unspeakable and full of glory. And it is a durable, not a transient thing, passing with us through life, lying down with us on tho pillow of death, rising with us at tho last day, and dwelling in our souls in heaven, as the very element of eternal life. Such is religion, the sub- limest thing in the world, sent down to be our comfort, and ministering angel on earth Our guido to everlasting life, Through all this gloomy vale. USEFULNESS. To do good is G-od-liko; to do evil is Dovil-like; and wo are all imitating God or Satan, according as wo are leading a holy or a sinful lifo. It is said in Scripture that "ono sinner destroyoth much good :" ho not only does not do good himself, hut hu destroys good in others, instead of doing gooil ho does evil. Ho not only leaves unassisted all the groat means and instruments for improving and blessing the world, and has no share in all that is hoing done for tho spiritual and eternal welfare of mankind ; hut ho opposes it, and seeks to per- petuate and extend tho reign of sin, and tho king- dom of Satan. Ho corrupts by his principles, seduces by his example, and loads others astray by his persuasions. Who can imagine how many miserable ghosts await his arrival in hell, or follow j him there to bo his tormentors, in revengo for his having been their tempter. Ho is over scattering tho seeds of poison and death in his path. Religion happily saves from this mischief all who possess it; it makes a man un instrument of good, and not of ovil, to hts follow creatures ; it renders him a blessing and not a curse, a saviour and not a destroyer, a physician to heal, and not a murderer to destroy. Ile lives to do good,-good of tho noblest and most lasting kind ; good to tho soul, good to distant nations, good to tho world, good to unborn generations, good for eternity. Ho is a benefactor to his species, a philanthropist of the highest order. By a pious exiunplo ho adorns religion, and recommends it to others, who, at- tracted by tho beauties of holiness, ns they aro reflected from his charactor, aro lcd to imitate his conduct. To do good is his aim, his delight, his busbies--. Ho catches tho spirit of tho times, and is a man of the agu and for tho ago. In secret ho swells tho clouds ol' incensó flint rises from tho Church, and which no sooner touches tho throne of graco than it descends in showers of blessings upon tho world. Ho needs not tho intoxicating cup of worldly amusemont, us aroliel: and diversion lrom the toils of business, and tho cares ol' lifo; but drinks IL purer draught from tho fountain, whoso living waters ho is engaged in convoying to thoso who aro sinking into eternal death', lin is con- sulted on any new Hchcmo of mercy, and called on to assist in working it for tho relief cf human wretchedness. His name is enrolled in tho list of benefactors, and pronounced with respect by nil who know him. Tho biassing of Him flint'was ready to perish comes upon him, mid Ho has caused a widow's heart to sing for joy, Thus ho lives. A happy death terminates a holy and useful life. " I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, write, blessed are the dead which die in tho Lord, from henceforth : yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours, and their works do follow them." Ile is received into glory by the Lord Jesus, who with a smile bids him welcome, saying, " Well done good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." Tho good he did on earth follows him to heaven, and is a part of it. He will never cease to reap the rich reward of doing good, U3 with adoring wonder and rapturous delighthe hoars his name repeated with grateful praise in the golden streets of the Now Jeruselem. 