THE STOBY op the UNIVERSITIES' MISSION TO CENTRAL AFRICA. Both tiibes had been guilty of enslaving their captives and selling them to the Portuguese, two yaids of calico being the ordinaiy price for a man or a woman. The Missionaries were no sooner settled among them, and Di. Livingstone gone, than the Manganja began to entieat their aid, in resisting the warlike inroads of their neighbours. Strange to say that though he felt that Missionaxies ought not to be wariiois, the Bishop consented to use rifle and gun on theii. behalf, piovided the Manganja would promise never to have anything more to do with slaveiy ; to re lease all the captives they might take ; to punish any of their number who in future should sell his fellow-creatures, and to give notice of any Portuguese slaving ex pedition which might appear in the countiy. The Manganja agxeed of course to all this, and this Bishop, sent out by the Chiuch of England to teach these poor natives the peaceful and non-resisting ininciples of Christianity, the religion of longsuffeiing and love, to all mankind, actually led his little band of Europeans foith to war ! The account of the battle reads strangely as an episode oi Missionary life. " A wild fear had seized the Ajawa, they were in full retreat . . . the air was black with smoke, for the fire had spread over the plain ; such' a sight I had never seen before, and trust I may never see again. It was only by remembering the atrocious chaxacter of the Ajawa, which for the time being had placed them almost beyond the pa'ie of pity, that X could keep myself from feeling soul-sick at the scene before me." However, an attempt to fulfil after a fashion tlie Master's great commission, was associated with even this «t»missionary expedition. A dying Man ganja child was among the rescued captives. " Life was evidently fast ebbing away. Seeing this, the Bishop decided upon baptizing him, and this poor child, under the name of Ohaile3 Heniy, was numbered among the childxen of God, and in two hours afterwards his spirit fled to that dear Lord who had redeemed it. This was a blessed conclusion to the work of the day, and when at last I lay down to rest, my heart was so full I could only find relief in tears. The burial sexvice wias read over this poor babe next day, and then we left it, in suie and certain hope of a joyful resurrection." Later on two or thiee other dying children weie similaxiy baptized, but the Bishop did not think fit to baptize those who seemed likely to live. " No one more than the Bishop realized the necessity of baptismal giace, but his previous experience among the Zulus led liim to shiink from possibly exposing re- generate children to the danger of being left among the heathen with none to care for their souls !" A semi- civilized village rose by degrees at Magomeio : the Church Service was read for the foreign party, but there seems to have been no preaching to the natives ; " we felt it better to wait until we could speak freely ourselves than to give instruc tion thiough the medium of an illiteiate interpreter, who still clung to many of his own old heathen superstitions." The liberated captives were fed and clothed, and the children taught, but no Gospel preaching seems to have been attempted. Barter and building, warlike expeditions and journeys in search of fresh supplies, took up the time. Three fresh men from England (one a clergyman) joined the Mission ; all suffered more or less from fever in going up and down the river. Livingstone found he could not send up their supplies as regularly as he had hoped. Food began to be scarce. Two of the Mission party, on a journey to find a land route if possible for transport of supplies, weie attacked by some natives, and their bearexs weie made piisoners. The Bishop and some of his clergy started for their rescue — they sacked the enemy's village and burned it. But they had to abandon the hope of a land route. As, however, supplies were getting continually shorter, the Bishop and one of the clergy started again down the iiver to the spot where they hoped to meet stores that had been sent to them. But the exposure of a most trying journey, disappointment at not find ing the ships and supplies, detention on an unhealthy island, and depiession arising from the great difficulties of his position, were at last too much for the biight, kind, energetic Bishop Mackenzie. He was attacked by the terrible fevei, against which he had no remedies on the spot, and sank under it after five days of imcon- sciousness. He was a man of oie,at capacity and exalted character, and his death was a severe blow to the Mission. Very touching is it to picture his lonely funeral. The only friend with him, the Rev. H. De Wint Burrup, was him self extremely ill with fever at the time, unable to be with him at the last. The Makololo who accompanied them cleared a spot in the bush, and dug a grave : " it was daik befoxe the body could be loweied into the ground, too daik for Buxiup to read the Burial Seivice, but he said all he could iemembei. And there on the banks of the Shire, away fiom all but the heathen to whom he devoted his life, in suie and certain hope of a joyful resuirection, rests what was the soul's tabeinacle of Charles Fiederick Mackenzie, the fiist Bishop of the Central African Mission." Burrup's stiength just held out till he had rotuined to tell the soxrowfnl tale to the fever and famine-stricken party at Magomero. Then he too fell asleep. Miss Mackenzie and Mrs. Burrup came shortly after to join their beloved relatives, but heai'ing these sad tidings on the way up the river they returned, stricken with fever as well as grief. It was resolved by the remaining Missionaries, as the wars and fightings still continued, and the difficulties of trans- sport were so great, to abandon Magomero, and tiy a settlement lower down the river. They settled at the village of a chief called Chisiba. But troubles followed heie also, Jind no direct Missionaiy work was done, and the history of the Mission is again a a history of wars, and treaties, and journeys, and baigains, and fevers, and deaths. The Rev. C. H. Scudamore died on Januaiy, 18G3. The tribe among whom the Mission had first settled, the Manganja, were fearfully afflicted with wars and famines. Ninety jxer cent, of them died or were made captives, and the wild beasts incx-eased in their coxmtiy. A journey to Tete, the stronghold of Portu guese slavei-y, was undertaken by some of the party in quest of fresh meat ; during their absence Dr. Dickinson died, and a young man named Thox'ton soon followed him, and was buried by Dx. Livingstone, who happened just then to come up the rivex. Sevexal of the party were now so completely invalided that they returned to England ; the rest resolved on resuming the old location on the hills, but Bishop Tozer decided on moving much nearer the coast to Mornmbala, a place near the con fluence of the Shire with the Zambesi, under Portuguese government. A xesidence of a few months at this Station proved that it would be impossible fox many ieasons to make it the head-quarters of the Mission ; early in 1864 therefore it was detei'mined to leave that part of Africa altogether, and to attempt to reach the in terior from some other point; Zanzibar was the place ultimately selected ; and, to use Livingstone's expression, the Mission- degenerated into a mere chaplaincy of the Zanzibar Consulate. The story of this Mission seems to affoxd a fresh illustration that the way prescribed by Christ is the best way to evangelise the world. He did not send foxth His Missionaries encumbered with, stox'es and tools, and apparatus for civiliz ing and and establishing commerce ; He did not tell them to depend on supplies from home, ox to undertake to redress abuses in the regions they wexe to visit. He did not provide them with carnal weapons, but sent them forth as sheep in the midst of wolves, undefended, unarmed, save by His own .Almighty, evei-pxesent aid. That aid is not withdxawn from His ambassadors of our day ! the pxomise is, " Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the age." How diffexent might have been the result of a Mission con ducted more on the pxinciples of Matt. x. and Luke x. ! There seems to have been no difficulty in the way of residing among these txibes ; they were kind and fxiendly and docile. Had no warlike operations been attempted, had only spiritual weapons been employed, had the resolu tion been taken to live among the people on such resoux'ces as the country pxovided, and thus to avoid the frequent hazardous journeys up and down the rivex, and above all, had the great work of the Missionary, " Preach the Gospei. to evexy cxeatuxe," taken a moxe pxominent place, we cannot but think the results might have been very difFexent. We cannot wonder that the blessing of God did not rest on a Mission which in its very commencement was stained by bloodshed and wax. Wliile allowing thak those who had to act in difficult circum stances did what they conscientiously believed to be right, we have no question whatever that they were grievously mis taken in the course they adopted, and disobeyed the cleax'est injunction of their- Master, "Resist not evil." The espousinsr the quarrel of one tribe against another, which had equal claims on them for the proclamation of the Gospel, was a strange way of introducing peace and goodwdl among men. God's work must be done in God's way, if it is to secure God's blessing; nor can zeal and self-denial undo the mischief done by disobedience to the Word of the Loid. Then the sending out of Bjshops, Pxiests, and Deacons, before thexe was a flock to be pastored and served, seems a most unscxiptural proceeding. The Apostles went forth as simple evangelists, and their one work was to preach the Gospel. After chux-ches of believers Ixad been gathexed, they returned and " or dained them eldexs in evexy city," but the- officers were appointed when their work was in existence ; not when it was in dis- ' tant and uncex'tain pxospect. Missionaries should at first at any xate be evangelists, simply evangelists. From the fruits of their toil, if God blesses . it, wUl rise up- native pastors and teachexs, "to care fox- the churches which may be gathered out by theix labours ; leaving them free to go to the regions beyond. The Apostles did not settle down in one place, they stayed till the nucleus of a self-propagating church was formed, and then they carried fuxther theix. message to " evexy creatuxe."" They did not build nations and fix them selves in one locality, but aimed, in place after place, to tuxn men from darkness to light. Nor can we forbear remarking that they never regaxded sacraments as Saviours, as the writer of the story of this Mission seems to do, when he speaks pf the " dust of that little band of native infant Christians, who as they died of the pestilence and famine, received holy bap tism, and in the full purity of their re- generated nature entered Paradise /" That they entered Paradise, poor little lambs ! >ve gladly believe; "by one man's dis obedience" they were made sinners, and "by the obedience of one " they were made righteous. " They died, for Adam sinned; they live, for Jesus died." But their baptism did not procure their salva tion. Jesus only is the Saviour. God the Holy Ghost alone is the regenerator. No mere out ordinance administered by Jiuman hands is a passport to Paradise; and we can scarcely wonder that soul- saving results did not follow the ministry of those who held such views. They form another Gospel, which is not another, and it is the true Gospel only which is " the power of God unto salvation." It must be very gratifying to the Popish press, known in Sydney as the Evemng Post, to be told that we entirely agree with it in the following sentence, which, however it wholly misuses and misapplies in justification of the Melbourne Argus. " It is not the place of a press which caters for the general public in a com munity containing members of all religions to enter into religious controversy at all." This is exactly what we say, and exactly the reason why the Evening Post should send his lectm-e to his brother in Mel bourne. But suppose that the "press which caters for the general public " vnll enter into religious matters, and will, in those religious matters, mislead and -demoralize the public by practically making all religions alike, so long as they do not touch the press and its interests? Sup pose. for example, that the press which caters for the general public " will countenance and praise the " Christian Brothers" in their orphanages, and the Sisters of Charity in their nunneries, as much as the school-masters and mistresses, whose moiaI teaching and influence are as much on the side of British liberty and privileges as those of the Jesuits and nuns are on the side of the falsehoods and immorality of Rome. — What then ? Sup pose, again, that the " press which caters for the general public" will puff off bazaars and collections and subscriptions which have in view the gi-eater power Jind influence of those baby Jesuits, called ''ChristianBrothers," or " Maiist Brothers," and will refuse communications which design to show from authentic sources that the spread of Jesuitism is and must be injurious to civil society and religious freedom ? Is it not time in sitch case, for those who have no interest in this in difference to truth (no matter on which side the truth is) to denounce the " press " which thus plays falsely, and keeps up the game for the sake of gain? If the .Evening Post will' show us that this argu ment is erroneous, we will try to thank bim for his kind attention. But we are quite sure that be cannot, and will not even try. We repeat, that our principle :is, that the secular press should leave religious parties and questions alone, unless when it is necessary to show their beai'ing on the temporal interests of the community, and then conscience should rule; but if -the secular press will intermeddle with -religious questions, it ought to be honest enough when it begins a discussion, to allow its readers to give a full reply. What the Post calls the " essence of intol erance" is the "essence of nonsense," when referred to us ; for we have no sym pathy with " virulency or abuse." We do not need when dealing with Popery to abuse it. We do not need, when refer- ing to Jesuit morality, and Ultramon tane assumptions, to resort to abuse : the plain truth concerning these things is far- more telling than abuse; but, unfoi-- tunately, such papers as the Argus call the most certain facts of history " abuse," if the publication of those facts hurts their "free-trade," and such papers as the Post call the most temperate and respectful argument " abuse," if it prove or even attempt to prove that the Church of Rome is the Great . Apostacy, and that its huge pretensions are founded on fraud. What -is to be done in such a case ? A NoBtiK PnoTKST. — Freeman complimeuts X>r. Barker and- his denominationaliBts tor their educational efforts against the league by tng ihem that they have published a "noble pro- test." This must he equal to anew degree in value ! Dr. Barker demands permission to teach the religion of the Church of England in his schools, and demands State money to assist him in doing so ; and the Lgue wishes to refuse -these demands. Thereupon Dr. Barker pro tests ; and, therefore, Freeman says the protest is "noble ; " why ? Is it that Dr. Baiker inay l»e enabled to teachthe Church of England cate- cliism? Is it that the Protestant Bible may be read in the Church of England sdiools ? Not at gdl ; but it acts as a sop and a blind, that Dr. liSarker may hAo Freeman to fight, to letaiii the j)nwcr which vie priest possesses iu making citato money , and schools subseivient to the growth and SRiead of the JRomiah Church. A "noble protest" indeed ! when Freeman, if he .hadthe power, would cast Dr. Barker and his protest ihto the fire ! The Sliding Scale. — We are told by -Free man that "all the sects outside the Catholic Church are at different stages of descent from truth to falsehood, from Catholicism to In fidelity." Well, in this sliding scale we know -that the Protestant Church of England is far down. As she has repudiated all that is pecu liar to Catholicism as " damnable heresy and as dangerous deceits," must she not be far down in "fmsehood," and well nigh the bottom in "infidelity?" Yet, singular to say, while Freeman holds this view, he wishes the Church of England to have State money, to teach this falsehood and infidelity ! And Freeman, with more remarkable hypocrisy still, says that the Church of England "nobly protests," when she demands the privilege of teaching her false hood and infidelity ! The "Town Talk." — It has given Dr. McGibbon extreme pleasure to learn that he has enabled the poor man who goes by this suspi cions name, to earn a few pence by writing a few lines of abuse in his Eveninff News. Such men must live by their lines at a penny each ; and as, in the present dearth of news, since the House is not sitting, it was a perfect Godsend for " Town Talk " that Dr. McGibbon had gone to Victoria, Well, we do not grudge him his bread, which he certainly "earns by the sweat of his brow ; " for no man of even a remnant of shame could write such, flippancies as his, unless along with weakening perspiration ! Dr. McGibbon thinks it would be a cruelty to imperil this man's engagement on the staff of a paper which is well known to he the "jaw-box " of the town's pol lution and scandal. Me. a. B. Rae, ok Bathue.st. — This gentle man, who is the Editor and proprietor of the Velitcrn Independent, and who affects to be a very independent and charitable man, has adver tised in his paper that he will publish any libel against those who are not likely to take him to court, or any scurrility which Bathurst vaga bonds may write against those who will not horse-whip him, vrovided he is paid for it. This must be good news to those who don't object to pay a few shillings for the high privi- lege of mdnlgmg their western ruffianism. Pub licans who "undertake to fatten priests with brandy and porter " will probably get up an address to the enlightened Independent for his maidiness. For our part, however, our only feeling is one of pity, even although we should be the object of the abuse, that any man for the money of a publican would so degrade himself. Interest in EvERvrHiNG. — We are told by a Southern Poi>ish paper that at Albnry there are Protestants who take a "deep interest in every thing." Some priests there "erected" what are called stations of the holy way of the cross." Dr. M'-AJroy, tho Vicar-General, and the notorious Dr. lrmingham, were the chief actors in the great ceremony ; but the most wonderful thing in the account given is, that there were Protestants present who take a deep "interest in everything." If they would take a deep interest in their own foUy — if they would take a deep interest in their gross inconsistency, they would make themselves scarce when the priests of -Albnry are acting as showmen. My Church. — Mr. -Fi-cajnan. is welcome to Mr. J. G. Dickson whoseoonnexion with theMelbourne Evening Herald or Advocate is worthy of all con cerned. He is very anxious to tell people that he is of "sound mind," and to ask if Dr. M 'Gibbon belongs to "my church — that of England." Freema7i will please let Mr. Dickson know that it is a blessing that the " Dickson church " is not known in New South Wales. If it is known in England, it must be within the walls of some Lunatic Asylum where the kind keepers provide for special aberrations ! Mr. Delaney walking.— Not on the tight rope, like his friend the Hero of Niagara, but on the broad country road, Mr. Delaney is about to go " up the country. " He has managed to give Windsor a specimen of his talent for mis chief. He tried his hand on Mr. Wm. Walker; hut not even with the aid of the Mayor, Mr. M'Quade, could he get over the redoubtable solicitor ; he only succeeded in hnrning his fingers in costs of law, and in getting notice to quit. Old AA''omen. — It is singular how much old women are pillars in the Komish church in Sj'dney. According to Freeman an old woman exclaimed to the Coadjutor- Archbishop when he had finished his St. Benedict speecm on the schools, " iiong life to his Grace ; as long as he is alive Dan. O'Connell is not dead." This surely was an "old wife's fable and his "Grace" must have felt that the compliment was equivocal — He is not Dr. Vaughan, but Dan. O Connell redivivus ! But the old woman's wisdom of last week put Fi'eeman in mind of what another old' woman said some thirty years ago about Dr. Polding — " Says she, though yon are an Englishman, you have the head of an Irishman." A capital idea. An old woman's recipe for the cure of Irelands wrongs. English men with Irish hearts ! what would he the effect of such a mixture ? Home Rule — or Irish union ? Australian Mutual prodent SociEi'y.— This valuable society has issued a handsome Report—handsome in the contents which tell of abundant prosperity, and handsome in the acces sories of printing, paper, and general. "get-up," The eye will not weary of reading even figures when so presented, and the tale these figures tell ought to set the mind upon the track of wisdom in availing itself of so secure a provi sion for the future. Musical Talent. — AVo have received from the gifted author some pieces of music with suitable verses, both the composition of Mr. Karl AA'ilhelm Goergs. We have enjoyed them much as played to us by fair fingers and sung by sweet voices. AVe give the preference to "Sweet Brier," a piano solo. Mr. Georgs has also sent us his Introduction to the Guitar, which seems to simplify considerably the art of playing on that instrument. the Present De.solations in Syria. — In the course of a letter dated from " Damascus," "An English Traveller" says: — "Except in the valley, of Hamina, the upper portion of the Fhceniciaii plain, and that between the Lcbanons, I saw no cattle grazing, though in many parts small flocks of goats and sheep may .be seen upon the mquntaius. Nowhere, from end to end, of the country, have I seen a sine meadow or field of ass, or anything like hay. I should say both are unknown in Palestine. Then, there is hot a house in the whole plain of Esradon, nor a village in that rich, fertile, well-watered plain of Phcenicia (extending for 28 miles) which is abandoned to the nomad Bedouins, or to utter waste, so that, while teeming with vegetation, it is a desolate wilder ness. Most surprising of all, there are but two boats to be found on the Sea of Galilee, though as full of fish as ever. No wonder, then, that even where seed is sown (which is the only attempt at cultivation) the crops are miserably thin, the plants dwarfed, and the yield such as in England would not be deemed worth the cost of reaping." 