. LATEST INTE^^P^1'.'^^. ???- Tni? LAJiMlir^d' ^V^^on ]?0hd.— Tho Molr bourno 'Lear1'' 8WS !~' & statom'eut was taado by one of -1D city ttin'^ValeS a dfey.of two Bincb to tlip.'''1','^' ''lnt l'n 'nd diecbvcr'ucl tlioro was a ? j],..-ikinB' defence' fuhd;' ohfc bf which fines -ore paid, nnd .ho .bo circumstantially dnt ailed natne'a and datoa that it .v.na imposaiblo to doubt tho corrfeotnesB of tho story. Thoro. are always' two sidea, howover, to a tale', be it evpr bo well told j. nnd a youth named Loarv. said bv tho constable to. bo. the treasurer of the fund, nnd n worthless loafer, has Bant a wpll writton letter to tho.papora denying the- wholo slory nnd giving tho name of a person o£ repute in^ wluw service ho alleges ho hna boon for two and a half years. Of course Lea'ry'a stulement. requires confirmnl.ion, but if it bo supported by the testimony _of reputable persona it. will eoriously da'mnge the character of the polipo for veracity. Thn larrikin eioinont is certainly vicious enough already without nmnufaoturiHg it by ingenioua police contrivance into a aystom. At thn 'Btimo .time the term is often mis applied.^ Xlio inhuman fellow who recently felled hia mother to the ground in King- street, ;and. thon kicked her until one of her legs was jbroken,-.. is a very difforoiit auimal to the bey who makes a street disturbRnco by riotous con duot with hi? fellowa ; and those latter again aro to bo aepavaLed from such dangerous rowdies as lately entered a Carltou hotel, assaulted the landlord and his wife, and broke up their furni ture, .because they would hoi supply thbhi with., drink on a Slindfty. Tiieto nre lurrikins and larrikins, crert 'is thoro. nro different grades in Qthor claeaea, and it muBt alway3 be left to the diacrotion of a legal tribunal to' gauge by re liable evidenoo the particular merits of a case of' rowdyism, nnd the' exact measure of punish ment to be awarded tho culprits. Sir Redmond' Barry baa just '.is'ontenced two young ruffians, miscalled larrikins,, to six years' imprisonment, & sentenco that will strike terror to the youth ful criminal classes. But inasmuch as judges and magistrates aro guided in no small degree by police evidence, it is e3sential there should be all truth, and no sensational fiction, in what the police witness narrates to tho bench. Red Tape BenetoTiEnce. —The Marylorough Advertiser reports that, ' on Saturday afternoon a miner named Johnson was walking through the streets of Maryborough with a child in his arraa, leading Another by tho hand. He was a ? struggling fosaicker at Fiddler's Creek ; two of his children had died of diptheria within an hour of each other a few days einoe, and these two with him were dying of the scourge. He presented himself ut the local hospital, but he waa there informed that ' the rules ' of the es tablishment did not udmit of tlie reception of such cases, and he was' told his children could not be admitted. ? Then,' said Johnson, ' there - is nothing for m6 to do but to take tho poor , things into tho 'bilsh, and there lot them die.' Things, however) were not allowed to go to this shameful extremity. Dr. Dunn gave him 10a. and. iSergeant Fahey made such arrangements ' that, with the additional assistance he (the ser geant) was able to render, a cub was engaged, nnd Johnson, with his little sufferer?, was for-' warded again to his desolate homo at Fiddler's Creek — a distance of twenty-one miles. Platino fob LABflE ? Stakes. — Some heavy gambling must be indulged in at Booligal. A correspondent of the Hag-. Standard writes ':—'' ' A gentleman assured me that recently he was ; doing a little game at loo j at one time ho was a loaer of £112,000, but, fortunately for himself, only dropped, as he soya, £15 5s. ; anothor gentleman1 gave his cheque for £400, his losingB ; * and at one period of the game as much ns' £400,000 was b'n'the table at one time. ' t felt a little delicate about taking in the whole of these .figurea, but I waa assured that they were correct. My informant' further stated the lucky winner was a very large station owner, worth more money than could be conveniently oourited . iu. one day.' ' '? ::???; ; '- ??_ ?? ' ' ?A Dangerous Madmak.— Tho Geelong Ad vertiser' ^ reports 'that after the teimination of a Borvice at Morrisons,' by the'Rev.lIr.: Burnett on Thursday, 12th ultimo, ,the reverend gentle-, man wits accosted by a rather wild looking indi vidual; without etiat or lint, and' carrying a short but serviceable' stick or '.waddy' under ? hia arm. After asking some frivolous questions; ho made a blow at- the reverend gentleman's hsad, which, however,' miased its mark. ' The.' minister ran, and bo got - lew away. Shortly after this Mr. Matthew .Williams, of Ballnrat.V who had been assisting in the service, crossed the bridge, and was confronted with the mad man, who, after threatening to knock his brninB out, entered on the task at once by atriking.bim on the head with the stiok. They then closed and fell together, one or both of them rolling into theTeatree Creek. The man then got up a'id practised on Hector Munro. He waa, struck; 80/ heavily .'on .'the :!h'ea'd ' aa to'''e'ut '' through the hat and draw blood freely ; his- arm.;f'was' disabled, by' ?another blow.1' There were no leas than six- ladica in'.'twb buggies .'on., the,' bridge, ^soreamin'ffi ?'?'??and- was' afraid to go further on the journev; ;; Mrl1 Williams had gulloped frantically to Oa'irh-hill for a re.volver,-and another of the defondersof the, ladies had gone up to the township to obtain help, so that the ' keeping of the bridge' was left Hiitirely in the hands of Mr. John Watt nnd Mr. Wallace Webster. Most un fortunately .the. man with the stick did not again put in an appearanoe. s - The'-'unfortunRte who caused all tbiB annoyance is named Fred. H. Matthews. . It is, only u; few .months ago since ho was disoharged' froin '? the Xiirra Bend Asylum' ' The :' Oeeloiig ? 'Advertiser gives ' the following Bequel.tb-the,' Bu'rnp'tt cum-Matthews episode 'at' Morrisbn's:— ' After Matthews had beaten1 ' Munro''. aud disappeared so myateribu'sly1; hbv 'made ' his way . to '?? Mr. Fred. ''Harvey's place, Borhbneyghu'rk. His first performance was to smash a window ' in, then seeing a light, in the laundry,, he went to the door. ' A boy of Mr. Harvey's,-, who was busy inside, received a blow whioh but his hands severely. He fell and wbb struck severul times. He .received one.wouud in the side,' whioh bled1 bo profusely |ns to wnrranbhis' removal to the Biillarat Hospital; It'iB imagined the stick used must have had a nail Btioking in it, which caused the wound ; in question. The noiBe made arpused Mr. Harvey,1 and assiatance was : immediately, obtained. :Matthewso again' diaappeared, and was not again heard of until ? about 5. b'clopk next morning, when he. .was', found aittingdn the bank of Ihe.river with, his foet in the water. By Bome means he had managed to fall into ahullow water, when'.Mr. Harvey courageoualy jumped in tb' hold .him.. \ He wbb eventually secured and hundcuffed by Constable Wilson, was na Boon bb possible. put in a straight jacket, and his family , informed of the positiptvin which matters stood. He was viaitod by hia mother, aiater8,.and. brothers, but he failed tbrobogniaeany of them,' m fact. Up-' '. penred.to be'rouaed to a h'igh'pitbh of ferocity by their affeotionate greetings, and actually, it is said, spat in Ih'b mother's face.' ' FBAaiTKNTABY Le'ssons. — Every one has read, the story of tlie zealous young lady who under took to examine a Sunday-sohool: class'/ AH went on well till it, came to the Cr.eod. At a certain period tbero wasariawful pa'uae; ' Go on my boys,' said itlfeVf air iiiBtruotreaa.' 'If'J you plertBO,; mit'om, tlielbby. who-bolioves in the Holy Ghost isn't at eohool1 to-day'.'1 . Very' abBurd, and perhupslu little .irreveroht. .B^fT know a. professor who teaches liiablass pretty ' ? much ill tho manner tlmt tho Suhduy-aqhbol boys had been taught. One year ho dwells upon one sulijeot, tho next year upon another. ?. If in 1874 he conooutratea all hia attention upon the vertebrate, nniinals, tho next year he devotes ? himaelf to the. invertebrate. The result ia that the studflDts whopass through his hands only ? luarn fragments of; natural. history, just .aa the boys at the Sunday-school of.theiBtorywet'e'.bhly taught seotione of tlie Apostles' Creed, 