A Girost wIrrT A CANDLE.-One night last weeklr, shortly after midnight, a man, who had been indulging rather freely in ardent spirits, reaclhed his residence in the neighbourhood of Mersey-terrace, Behing. too, a short distance from the parish church. His better-half, who had retired to bed, got up in her night- clothes to open the front door; and on seeing him under theinflu ence of drink, it was only natural she should lose her temper. She remonstrated with her husband in the most gentle terms; but he would hear of no reproof; and ultimately, under the excitement of drink and passion, he struck her several blows. There was no one in the house to protect her, and to escape from the violence of her husband she left the dwelling in her night-clothes and a white cap on her head. In her hand.she carried a lighted candle, and with the in tention of finding a police constable she made her way pest the churchyard towards .the village. The poor woman was the very picture of what ghosts are represented to be-tall, gaunt, and white. As she was striding past the churchyard with a lighted candle in her hand, up strolled a rustic belonging to the parish, who, like the woman's husband, had been imbibing too freely. In fact, it was said he was drunk; and on oseeing the figure dressed in white wallting towards him, he at once boncludoed it was the spirit of one of the departed lying in the churchyard that had appeared to frighten and to punish hlim for the sin of intemperance. He did not stop to exchaiige compliments with thle unearthly - looking object, but instantly took to his heels and ran off at full speed. In his flight he lost his hat and boots, which were afterwards picked up in the road; but the most serious part of the affair is that he may be running yet, for lie has not been since seeoon by his friends at Bebington. As for thle "ghost," she found her way to the house of the village policeman, who took her home to her '" lord and master," apparently none tile worse.for her nocturnal atroll.-Liverpol Merarcury. BRUTAL MURDER OF A FAnIRMER.-A 8110hock ing occurrence took place at a large farm Ihouse near Towoester on Sunday evening, December 21. Mr. John Newitt, a respect able and well-to-do farmer, living at Bur cotewood Farm, about a mile and a half from Towcester, on the road leading to Bracltley, situate two or three fields from the high road, and withlin a mile from the hamlet of Wood Burcote, was keeping house with a servant-girl, the family Ilaving gone to church. All at once the kitchen door was opened, and a man named Chamberlain, who had lately kept a tollgate near, entered; and without saying a word laid his hand on the girl's shoulder and struckl her with an instrument on the other. Her cries brought her master to her, who was sitting in the parlour reading his bible. Chamberlain at once turned upon hsm, and a struggle on sued, when the girl (seeing her master Iknocked violently down) ran off for assist ance. She returned with some workmen on the farm, and found Mr. Noevitt lying over the fender quite dead, with a severe gash on one side of the head, and very much beaten about the face. No motive can be assigned for the act, the deceased being a man of quiet and upright business habits, and much respected. Much sym pathy is felt in the neighbourhood for his family on account of the untimely event. The murderer is in custody. The weapon with which the deed was committed is sup posed to be an old sword.--lome News. A TnAIs PLUNDERED BY BnRIAoDs.-- Eight or ten well-armed brigands stopped the train from Lisbon to Madrid, the other night, close to the little station of Cinadas, near Ciudad Real, and robbed every passenger, first, second, and third class, of everything on their persons. Mr. Robbins, a Queen's messenger, lost his watch and chain, and over £20 in money. The luggage on the train was not brolken open, nor wase any personal violence offered. McINERAL OILS As DIsc EcrAxTrs.--It has boon noticed that workmen engaged in mineral oilworks have been particularly exempt from infectious diseases rife in the neighborhood. This is remarkably illustra tod by a case in point. A very violent fatal epidemic of typhoid fever occurred in Wales, and while miners, ploughmen, haymakers, and farmers were stricken, the oilworkers were exempt. Some cases of cholera also oc curred, but timely interference, and the destruction of the bedding and clothing,with thorough cleansing with oil, removed every trace, and the disease spread no farther. IoI?cT Ix SEA-WATEn.-It has been long felt that it is most desirable to have some means of determining with approximate ac curacy the percentage of light which pene trates any given depth of sea-water. Dr. Eill has devised a method which was used on board the steamer Heeasler, which car ried Professor Agassiz's expedition on the recent coast survey. The arrangement con sisted of a strip of board about four inches wide and four feet long, divided into a scale. of ten equal intervals, and painted a dark lead colour at one end, fading into white at the other- a large white board fastened parallel to it, at a measured distance below it. The relative whiteness of the boards. when this arrangement is sunk into the see, is a measure of the percentage of light absorbed while going down and up again through the distance by which the boards are separated. DISEASEs OF T BRAIN.-Anatomists are88 aware that nature sometimes arrests or cures a tendency to apoplexy, and that when this takes place, cysts, cavities, or depressions are left in the brain. Dr. Boyd finds that these signs of disease occur much more frequently among insane than among sanepeople; that males are much more liable to them than fe males; and that they occur mostly in advancedlife. Epileptics, he adds, seldom live to the age of sixty. Dr. Elam, of the National Hospital, for the Paralysed and Epileptic, states that bichloride of mercury is a good remedy for disease of the brain, for partial paralysis, and for epilepsy. It is a remedy which should only be taken un der proper advice.--Ohambers' Journal. FORTUNE-TELLcNo.-A psleasant parlour amusemeot is afforded by a knowledie of palmistry, and young people may find food fir umirth in the examination of the hand for signs of hobaractor. It is absurd tojdge any one by these signs, but the process is pleasing. Some of the rules are an follows :-If the palm of the hand is long, and the fingers well pro portioned, not soft, but rather hard, it denotes theperson to be ingenious, changeable, and given to-theft and vice. If the hands are hollow, solid, and .well-knit in.the joints, it predicts long life. Obserive the finger of Mercury--that is the little finger; if the end of it exceeds the joint of the third firiger, suchb Sman will rule his house, and his wife will be pleasiong and obedient td'ohim; but if it be short, and does noit reach.to the joint, he will iave a shrew firea pr?nOnr andi she will rule her husband. Broad nuils shbow the person to be baqshful and fearful, but of a gentle na ture. Narrow nails denote the person to be inclined to mischief anrid' to do injury to his neighbours. Long nails show a person to be good-natured, but distrustful, and loviong re conciliation rather than differences. Oblique nails signify deceit and want of courage. Little round nails denote obstinacy, anger, and hatred. If they are crooked at the extremity, they show pride and fierceness. Round nails show a cholerioperson, yetreconciled; honesty, a lover of secret sileno. Flesby nails de note the person to be mild in temper, idle, and lazy. Pale and black nails signify the person to be deceitful to his neighbour, and subject to many diseases. Red and marked nails sig nify choleric and martial nature, and as many. little marks as there are speak of so many evil desires. The Home News writes: "Australian wine, as will be seen from the report of a paper and discussion theireon read and held before the Society of Arts, has oreceived a gaod deal of attention of late. At the meet ing in question Mr. Fallon, the reader, urged certain circumstances in :onnexion with Australian wines as reasons for their being admitted into England. Dr. Thidi obum, who appears be an expert in these things, took exception to several of Mr. Fallon's statements. A few days afterwards Mr. Burgoyne of the Tintara Vineyard re plied. WVhereupon Dr. Thudichum rushed extensively into print, and asserted that Australian wines were not accorded a diploma of honour at Vienna, and that no natural wines could contain more than twenty-six degrees of proof spirit. To this iMr. Fallon replied with considerable spirit. The matter of the modal he left to others; but as to the strength of the wine hie was perfectly explicit. He assorted that not only did Australian wine exceed twenty-six per cent. of proof spirit, but that in certain fiavourable summers grapes were grown on the banks of the Mlurray, the wines from which not only exceeded that strength, but that it would be impossible to make from them wine that was notof a higher strength. Moreover, he said that he had over and over again paid the half-a-crown duty for wine that had never been fortified. Several other gentlomoen have taken the matter up, notably Mr. Randall of South Australia and Mr. G. 0. Lovey of Melbourne, and it is still under discussion. The question of strength is one that should be settled; and it is to be hoped that Australian wine growers will take means of settling it ere long. At present the richer Australian natural wines are placed at a considerable disadvantago,, for whilst the natural wines of Spain, France, and Germany conme in at the elilling duty, very many Australian wines have to pay half-a-crown. This of course makes the difference between a profit and a loss on wine-making and selling. A boy in school gave one of the best defi nitions ever given of economy-" paring po tlatoes thin." Our school-boy remarks that when his teacher undertakes to show him what is what, he only finds out which is switch. 