PROMINENT IOPICSI? BIGOTRY, MB. "WELD, who is about to surrender the government of Western Australia to undertake that of Tasmania, is a Catholic, and for that reason a section of the community in the latter place consider him ineligible for the office, and unworthy of holding the Queen's commission. He has done so for years, with honour to himself and credit to the country he represented, but nevertheless he is not good enough for these Tasmanians. Some of them have improved so much in their morals from what they were in earlier times, that they are now much given to holding Bible Society, missionary, and tea meetings, and as Governor Weld, being a Catholic, could not attend these pious gatherings, that is in him a serious disqualification for the high position to which he has been called as an acknowledgment of past faithful services to the Crown. In Hobart Town more especially there is great piety of the kind that is most remarkable for its hatred of Catholics ; and the Christian zeal in that respect which animates a small section of the Protestant community there is fanned by one of the local journals. From that quarter most likely has proceeded the vulgar and ill-bred objections that have been raised to Mr. Weld's appointment. The malcontents belong to the class who endeavoured to set aside her Majesty's right of succession, and who would trample upon any throne or principle, however sacred, for the brutal and fiendish gratification of crushing and injuring Catholics. The loyalty of the best of them would not stand as much temptation or trial of any kind as the meanest or poorest Catholic would scorn where his fealty was due; and as for their piety, it ia represented in its highest flight by the doom to which they consign the Pope when they pray most fervently from the heart. These are the people—the Christians and good subjects, they would have us believe—who object to Mr. Weld because he is a Catholic. How much does it concern that gentleman that such people do object to him 1 What trouble will he take to conciliate them 1 Just as much as they deserve. He will treat them, we are quite sure, with all the consideration they merit, and he will be able to do so without wasting a moment of the time or attention that should be given to respectable people, or to objects worthy of a gentleman's notice. The disloyal spirit they betray may not escape his observation, but knowing that generically they are afflicted with acrid humours, a disordered stomach, and a very weak backbone, he will only pity and laugh at them. RITUALISM is fast invading BiTtfALISM Dr. Perry's domain. There IN is no respect for the right VICTORIA, reverend gentleman's authority in his absence. His clergymen are one after another breaking down the Low Church barriers by which he hedged in his flock from the incursions of false teachers. Not long since a clerical visitor, Mr. Featherstonhaugh, startled orthodox Protestants who hold to the 39 articles, by preaching a nondescript doctrine totally at variance with every Christian creed, the most latitudinarian not excepted ; and Dean Macartney, Dr. Perry's locum tenens, had to endure the bitter agony of hearing the Argus praise Mr. Featherstonhaugh f orjthe breadth and liberality of his views on the religious question. The atonement idea and the belief in eternal punishment, the clerical visitor contemptuously rejected, and the fine lofty and rational spirit in which he emancipated himself from worn out and degrading superstitions won for him the most cordial approval of the Argus, who immensely admires the shearing process when applied to religious dogma, and who respects the man most who believes the least. But as if that were not pain enough for Dr. Perry's "Vicar-General," he has now to endure a fresh display of Ritualism in. an unexpected quarter. The Wangaratta Star says:— On Sunday, the 8th inst., divine worship in Trinity Church, Wangaratta, was performed pnrsuant to advertisement, by the Bev.erend William Brodribb,. of Melbourne. This young gentleman conducted the services in a very impreBBivemanner,' but he made some innovations which took the congregation by surprise. After the morning prayers were concluded he walked from the reading desk to the pulpit, omitting the communion service. It has heretofore been the wont of the officiating clergyman at this stage to kneel down and offer a short prayer before the sermon, instead of which Mr. Brodribb turned round at right angles to the pulpit, and with his eyes fixed on vacancy, he said, In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen," and while so .speaking, he touohed his shoulders and then his forehead with his hand, these gestures being meant as a sign of the cross. After the sermon he went through the same pantomime, and the congregation, while the collection was being made, had time to look at the vestments which were worn. First of all there was what seemedfa tight fitting black silk petticoat, then a suiplioe and hood, then a black scarf, on which were three crosses, one at eaoh end and one at the back of the neck; the whole of the millinery being set off by a large gold ring, and the tout entemble being a display of olerical dandyism to which Wangaratta has long been a stranger. The Rev. W. Brodribb actually blessed himself in one of Dr. Perry's churches, and under the nose, as may be said, of Dr. Macartney ! Turning to the east, erecting crosses, wearing embroidered vestments, and chanting the service, are innovations bad enough in all conscience, but they are trifleB compared to the clergyman blessing himself. This is so thoroughly Popish, that the next thing we should expect to hear of is the use of holy water. But what, after all, is this to us ? It certainly does not affect us in any sense whatever, and we do not refer to it in a spirit that can be considered reprehensible. Our object is to show that practices which all Protestants not long since were wont to regard as mummery and superstition now obtain among Protestants themselves. To such an extent has this extraordinary change gone, that Disraeli and his Low Church_following, have been legislating to check it, and have thus fixed upon the Establishment another mark of its human origin. But, notwithstanding this Parliamentary interference, the Ritualists' have still a great deal of latitude, and we may be sure that they will make full use of it. Whether, under the restrictions imposed upon them by law, they remain in the Establishment, or separate from it, is a question not of the slightest importance to Roman Catholics. The Church of England, in whatever light as an institution we may regard it, is a barrier of some strength against the assaults of Rationalism ; and anything that brings scandal on it and threatens its integrity, as recent Tory legislation undoubtedly does, we could not rejoice at, unlesB the effect were to bring back the stray sheep, and that result is not to be anticipated. THE Rev. Robert Pot- DISINGENUOUS. ter, of St. Mary's Anglican Church, Hotham, was a warm and logical opponent to the introduction of the secular system of education in force in this colony, and we had the pleasure, on more than one occasion, of bringing his utterances on the subject under the notice of our readers. The reverend gentleman's objections to the exclusion of religion from the school were based upon broad Christian principles, in the full force and meaning of which the Catholic body were able to concur without limit or reservation of any kind. In the battle that was then fought there was every reason why all denominations of Christians should have been in favour of religious instruction in the public school, and on the broad ground they should have all taken up the Rev. Robert Potter took his stand, uninfluenced by any sectarian feeling whatever. The part he then played was highly honourable to him as a man and as a Christian minister, and his conduct since has been consistent with his opposition to the change that has been effected in the law of public education. In last week's Advocatc we took some slight notice of a weak article that had appeared in the Telegraph, in which an attempt was made to discredit Father O'Malley's arguments in support of Catholic claims on the Education Question. The Rev. Robert Potter has also taken some notice of that article in the following letter :— TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY. TELEGRAPH. SIB,—Will you permit me to offer a word or two of remark upon your comments of yesterday on the Bev. J. O'Malley's lecture on secular education. As I was present, and listened with much interest to the rev. gentleman from firBt to last, I do. not. think I can have missed any important point in the lecture. Now, I am quite clear that he did not say that Boman Catholio schools ought to be subsidised by the State. He did not say this, or anything at all like this. He . maintained that the fairest educational system is that of " payment by results." And he explained that system thus:—Let every schoolmaster who pleases submit his school to inspection by Government. Let the Government inspector examine all the children in secular subjects, and let the sohoolmaster receive a sum of money for each child who passes, the sum per pass, to be fixed by the Government. The schoolmaster , may be of any religion, or no religion, may be unconnected with any denomination, or connected with any—Spiritualist, Atheist, Boman Catholio, Anglican, or Wesleyan—and he will get neither more nor less on that acoount. It appears to me that, if to ask for this be to ask for a subsidy for Boman Catholics, there is no knowing what language means. You might as well say that a police tax was a subsidy to Soman Oatholios because pohoemen would interfere to prevent the saok of a Boman Oathojio place of worship, or the murder of ,a Boman Catholio olergyman. X wish to add, further, that the lecture to which I am referring was in no way inflammatory. It was perfectly good tempered and quiet, and, withal, well reasoned and eloquent. Moreover, in my judgment, it was utterly unanswerable. And I am confirmed in this opinion by the fact that no attempt to answer it has been made, although the scope and purport of it have (no doubt inadvertently in your case) been utterly misrepresented.—I am, ho., „ _ BOBERT POTTKB. St. Mary's, Hotham, 5th November. To that letter the editor of the Telegraph appended the following foot-note :— Mr. Potter does not seem to realise that if you consent to pay for results at a school you do subsidise that establishment. Yet nothing could be more obvious, and the question simplv is, should the community be taxed to subsidise " spiritualistic, atheistic, Boman Catholio, or Anglican schools," by paying such schools for their labours ? The community has decided in the negative. It only pays for results at schools where it can enforce attendance, and it could not drive children into the " spiritualistic, atheistio schools," etc., which Mr. Potter describes. This answer is in the last degree disinenuous. Father O'Malley has not asked hat Roman Catholic schools shall as such e subsidised, he only asks that Roman Catholic teachers shall be paid for giving secular instruction up to a prescribed tandard, and that they shall not be proibited from giving the children a higher ducation of still more value to them. The Government now pays for the education of Catholic children, and it is only asked to do so under other conditions than are now enforced. Therefore the Catholics ask for no subsidy, but for such a change in the law as will enable them to conscientiously avail themselves of the education grant now voted yearly. They do not ask for special legislation in their favour, but for justice ; and the liberty for which they seek they would have every sect or denomination enjoy in the same measure. TAXATION never was, and REPUDIATION, never will be pleasant— except to those who spend the money, and for that reason the grumbling propensity of the taxpayer has become proverbial. It is his privilege to vent MB ill-humour at the infliction, but as he cannot be allowed to evade his responsibility there is a limit to the indulgence extended to him. He cannot resist payment. And that is what a section of the ratepayers of Ballarat have been trying to do. They did not stop at grumbling, an enjoyment to which, as citizens, they had a perfect right; they commenced to kick with downright earnestness against the imposition, and they imagined vain things for escaping it. As Ballarat is not very prosperous just at present, and taxation is unusually heavy there, those who bear the burden are not undeserving of sympathy in their straitened circumstances. But . they should not seek relief as some of them have been doing, by repudiating a public debt on the ground that it was illegally contracted. It is unquestionable that the council exceeded its powers, and it seems equally plain that the banks by whom the money was lent have no legal security for its repayment, but in taking this course both council and banks only did what other similar institutions in almost every part of the colony have done, and Ballarat is singular in repudiating the obligation so incurred. A wrong was committed by borrowing in excess of the powers given by the Act, but that wrong neither could, nor should, be remedied by the commission of a greater wrong. The money was obtained and spent, and in equity, though not perhaps in law, no justification could be found for refusing to repay it. At the same time, it seems to us that Parliament has made a mistake in moving to cover the wrong. The parties to it should have been left to arrange matters themselves as best they could; Parliament should alone have been concerned to prevent'a repetition of the law-breaking under similar circumstances. Without legisla-. tive interference) the money would be repaid, and it was certainly inadvisable that the Assembly should oondone as it virtually has done a wilful violation of the law. - • - THB mettle of our Vic- THE RETURN' torian handball players HANDBALL .. will be shortly tested a HATCH, second time by the New South Wales champions on the soil of the latter. A meeting was held a week or two since in Sydney to make some preliminary arrangements for the return match, but more fitly tiie subject was to be subsequently taken up by the handball club of that city, of which Mr. B. Gaffney, and others who played against our men here, are members. meeting was convened by the gentleman we have named, and was to have been held at Punch's Hotel, but the particulars of the business transacted at it we have not yet heard. We have no doubt, however, but that the proposal was taken up warmly, and that the fullest assuranco was given that our players would be most hospitably received, and be well treated. In a letter we have received from Mr! Gaffney, dated 1st November, he says I am glad to learn from the Advocate that your Melbourne players keep the game alive, and intend, no doubt, to wrest our late viotory from us. Well, we shall see. It is immaterial who shall be the victors. We have succeeded, I hope, in establishing an Irish national and manly game in the colonies: this, in my opinion, should be our chief and paramount deBire. A meeting has been held at Kavenagh'a Hotel, Swanston-street, to consider the question of a return match, but no final decision on the subject had been arrived at on Wednesday evening. It was feared that some of the most eligible men would experience difficulties in arranging foi their absence from business, but no effort will be spared to remove any obstacles, that may stand in the way of their leaving the colony for a few weeks. Under these circumstanpes, we are emboldened to hope that the idea of a return match in Sydney will be shortly realised. 