ON GETTING MARRIED. WHY I should take pon In hand to parpotroto an articlo on "getting married" when I havo never been married in my . lifo, and, consequently, cannot bc expected to know much about lt, mny surprise those ol my renders who consider it worth whllo to devoto n thought to tho subject, elthor ono way or tho other. But I maintain that it is tho very fact of my not having entered what is called, with bitter irony, " tho happy stato," which should bo my recommendation. I stand, ns it were, nfar off-I am perched upon tm omlnonco whero I cnn vlow tho ceremony in all its ghastly dotails ยก I am far removed from tho supposed enthralling powers of raven or auburn hair, of black eyes or blue ยก I am far out of tho reach of tho temptn tations of " dimpled smiles," whatever they may be, and tho reddest of cherry lips have no charms for mo whatovcr. My treatment of tho subject moy, therefore, be relied on ns hoing absolutely impartial ; and, if I may lenn just a little towards tho sida of my own sox, ( nm perfectly justified in doing so, as I havo never been " retained " by tho other sido. I havo nover been ablo satisfactorily to sottlo in my own mind whether getting married ls supposed to bo a .subject for rejoicing or mourning. Certain!, yali tho weddings 1 have seen would go to provo thc lattor. Tho bride has always boen In tears-tho bridegroom has always looked profoundly misciablo. She seems to bo making tho best of a bad job, and ho socms to bo hoping Hint somo ono will charitably step forward and stop tho ceremony at tho point whero tho ofiiclatlng clergyman asks if any ono knows " any just causa or impedi- ment," So. Thero is ono theory I wish to ndvnnco with regard to thc bridegroom, and that is that ho has never paid for his wedding garments when ho enters tho church ยก ho seems in constant fear lest his tailor should bo at hand witli his " llttlo bill." Observo tho way in which ho snooks for tho hired carriago-which generally hos au appropriately funeral appenronco-nnd ' glnnccs fur- tively round I Seo howlit nt casa ho scorns in theso unpaid-for specimens of tho tailors art-what a sickly huo Is rcilccted on his sorrowful countenance by lils lavender tic. Qontlo render, or fair render, or you, slr, who havo passed through tho ordeal, nnd, conse- quently, must know all about it, toll mo-ls there anything in my theory ? Of course, in this ex- ceedingly watery chmato of ours, wo must expect a constant succession of heavy downpours and short sharp showers. But why should lt always rain when marriages nro going on P Aro not tho principal actors sufficiently depressed nlrcadyf But for tho singu- larly inappropriate naturo of tho simllle, ono might Bay lt was hooping coals of fire on tholr unfortunate heads. I will not go BO far ns to say that every mur- ringo yot celebrated has taken place on a wot dny-I cnn only confino mysolf to my own experience. Wo will say I havo seen, or " osslstcd " nt, n dozen wed- dings- well, twelvo of thot dozen hnvo como oft in tho rain. Next to tho fainting, tho tenra, tho sal volatile, and tho other accompaniments nt tho nltar, tho scono at tho church door ls worthy tho most attention, Havo you over watehed tho group of old ladles in wonderful pattens and mysterious bonnets, with noses red from tho morning air, who congrcgato to seo tho procession P It ls quito a study. You never seo a man thero. I cnn only remember having noon a man present on on occasion of this sort once. Ho was tho very ghost of n man- his fnco deeply marked with lines which told eloquently of caro and sorrow, and, nlthough evidently not moro than forty, thero was a liberal sprinkling of whlto in his hair, Ho WOB attired in clothes which would havo been disdained by any scarecrow with au atomof solfrcspeot, and altogether appeared thoroughly miserable nnd dejected. Approaching tho church, bo Inquired of tho females there assomblcd. " What was going onP" " A woddlng," replied a dozen eager voices, 'Clio man turned away with an expression on his Taco in which contempt and sadness woro strangely blended, and in n low henrt-hrokon tono sold-" I novor saw but ono wedding In my lifo, nnd Unit waa my own,"-Town anti Country, 