THE HERMIT OF THE BRADBURN. (From an occasional correspondent of the Times.) Prague, October 2. THERE are men, born of women, who seem doomed to die twice. People unfamiliar with the Almanack de Gotha may be excused if they were ignorant of the fact that there are at this moment two Austrian Emperors living. There is Francis Joseph, the chivalrous Sovereign who reigns at Vienna, and who the other day greeted King Victor Emmanuel as " his brother and friend for ever, and there is Ferdinand, also called " Em- person," who has been for a quarter of a century "eating, drinking, wearing clothes," and doing good here in Prague, and wh> yet is to all intents and purposes dead to all the rest of the world. I have been for a long time anxious to know something about this " Monarch retired from business." I am old enough to remember the time when he was looked upon as the hope of the oppressed nationalities of the Austrian Empire. His father, Francis II. of Germany and I of Austria, who lived 67 years and reigned 36, had abandoned the reins of government into the hands of Prince Metternich, an evil genius who lived under the pleasing conviction that " the Deluge would come after him," but who eventually was himself overtaken and overwhelmed by the tide. The Prince Imperial, Ferdinand was born in 1793, theomiuousyear when Revolution was at its climax, when a king lost his head on the scaffold. The Archduke Ferdinand was well brought up, had a taste for music and botany, and was thought to entertain liberal ideas widely in advance of his age. There were idle reports current at Vienna, and in other parts of the Empire, that he had in his father's council strongly declared himself against the Prime Minister's policy, and that he had even on one instance, " slapped Metternich in the face." The old Emperor, at last, made room for him in 1835, and Ferdinand, who had already been crowned as King of Hungary five years before, received the Crown of Bohemia in 1930 and that of Lombardy in 1838. It might have been thought that so many dia- dems piled on the same brown would be so safely riveted as to be proof against political storms. It was soon understood that Metternich was to rule under the new Kaiser as he had ruled under his father, and Austria throve so well under the old system that, in 1846, her frontier reached its utmost extension by the annexation of the Re- public of Cracow. But the flood rose at last two years later, and in that memorable year of re- volutions," 1848, Metternich was hurled from power, and the Empire went to pieces like a child's castle of cards. There were tumults in Hungary and Bohemia, disturbances at Vienna, successful revolt at Milan and Venice ; a constitution was proclaimed, with a responsible Ministry, a National Guard, and the arming of a -student's Legion. Soon the ground became too hot under the Emperor's feet at Vienna, and he fled with the whole of his Imperial family to Innsbruck in May. In July, however, Raclob sky had beaten Charles Albert on the Mincio, and restored the fortunes of Austria in Lombardy. The Emperor Ferdinand, who had allowed the old Archduke John to open the Con- stituent Diet in his name, was so far reassured as to come back from the Tyrol. But new and more formidable riots broke out in Vienna in October, and the Court once more sought its safety in a hasty flight to Olmutz. By this time the Emperor Ferdinand became weary of his many Crowns, and although Windischgratz had quelled the Viennese insurrection in blood, and the Diet was adjourned to Kremsir, he was persuaded to abdicate in favour of his nephew, Francis Joseph, and, on the 2nd of December, he proceeded with his Consort, Maria Anna, daughter of King . Victor Emmanuel of Sardinia, and sister of the wife of Louis XVIII. of France, to his new home at Prague, Ferdinand, who retained the title of Emperor of Austria, and to whom a very handsome revenue was assigned, vowed he would never revisit his former capital, and he has over since resided in the Hradschin, only occasionally varying his existence by a short stay at the Imperial country seats of Reichstadt and Ploskowitz in the summer months, and an occasional excursion in far I believe, as Salzburg, it is not difficult to imagine the sensations which must have assailed the dethroned Imperial couple as they made their entrance into Prague on the dreary December day. They had to pass in the Zeltner Glasse the Palace of the General Command, on the balcony of which, in the preceding June, the Prince Windischgratz fell, struck to the heart by a. musket ball fired by the insurgents, a death avenged by her husband by a bombardment from the Hradschin, and by a deluge of blood shed in the storming of the city. They could see in the Grosso Ring the windows of the town hall and even those of the Palace of the Hradschin, whence magistrates and privy councillors used to be thrown)),' from a height of 60 feet by a mob desirous to evince by that decisive measure their dissatisfaction with the Imperial and Municipal Government. The Emperor and Empress took up their residence at the palace in the very apartments in which Charles X. spent the first years of his exile, in 1831-2, before he betook himself to the solitude of Holyrood. Everything they saw spoke to them of the wreck of royal power, and of the violence of popular passions. The place to which they had come for rest and oblivion was, of all spots on earth, the very one which had most frequently and in all ages been <| the theatre of factious and sanguinary outbreaks. Yet the Imperial couple were allowed in tumultuous Prague all the repose and silence which he seemed their fallen state. The mere semblance of a Court followed them in their retirement. The Emperor Ferdinand has still his Conseiller intime, Chamberlaine Major, and the Empress Maria Anna her Grande Mattresses ; but one may imagine how light and almost ghost-like the footsteps of their little retinue must fall upon the ante- chambers of that Burg or Schloss of the lead Echin; with its 490 chambers, its three great halls, and its endless maze of corridors and galleries. Tile residence is right royal, and as charming as heart can desire. From the top of the Schweinsberg, or Swine hill, where the Palace rises, you have one of the most quaint and stately cities in the world at your feet a vast plain, a broad and deep stream, and such a vista of glittering spires, picturesque towers and gables and monumental bridges, and castle crowned hill summits as the eye may dwell upon with rapture for hours. When you know the view all by heart, and your life is one of inaction, of weary leisure, of unavailing regret and repining, there may be some solace in hearing the sentry's cry of firsts!" when your carriage drives past the Palace, and the guard turns out to present arms ; some satisfaction in going through archways and covered passages to hear mass in the Aulic Tribune of the adjoining dome of St. Velt; but even such outward shows of departed greatness pall upon the mind from long custom, and have no power to relieve the same- ness of an objectless, blank existence. There hardly over was a Sovereign yet, from Charles V. to Victor Amadeus li., who, if he abdicated in haste, did not repent at leisure, and even this Imperial Ferdinand, so long as he could walk or drive along the Graben and other crowded streets of the Prague "Old Town," showed the utmost eagerness to return and ev. n to anticipate the bows of the multitude, and rubbed his hands, and, with great glee, observed to his less worldly minded Consort that " his Bohemians loved him well " (" Maine Behmer haben each year"), and that he needed not have abdicated unless he had wished." It was not, however, we may be sure, with a view to cater for popularity that the kind-hearted Ferdinand, from his first settling among his former Bohemian subjects, determined to become a kind of earthly Providence to the poorest among them. His revenue, as I said, is very large so large that I am almost afraid to mention the sum. He is free handed to a fault, and it is with the utmost difficulty that his stewards can keep his beneficence within limits, is) not unfrequently he has been known to look-out of the window and throw handfuls of gold and silver coin among the crowd beneath till he had drained his pockets to the last Kreutzer. But there is hardly a charity, there is hardly a pious institution or enterprise in Prague Bohemia, the subscription to which is not headed by the old Kaiser and by the Empress Maria Anna, both of them giving their names for conspicuous sums ; the two names always inseparable, and the contribution in every case to the same amount. There exists in Prague, in what is called the Kleinseite, on the left bank of the MJULVJ, and in the gorge between the Liurentz Bang and the Hradschin, an old institution called the " Italian Orphan Asylum," which gives its name to the " Italian street " ( iVualske Gasie or Vlmka Alice), and lies opposite to the entrance of the splendid palace of Prince Lobkowitz. The italian colony in Prague was in olden times considerably larger than it now is, and it had risen in the Sixteenth Century to about 20,000 souls. In obedience to the spirit of association for mutual support and defence prevailing in those unsettled ages, these foreign settlers had built their own church, and added to it a hospital, and an asylum in which assistance was given in some histories to from 800 to 1000 sick, as well as to widows, orphans, and other helpless people. The wise management of this "Italienische spital" won the sympathies of the Bohemian population, by whose aid, and under exalted patronage both of Austrian and Italian noble and wealthy persons, it was endowed with three large landed estates and with several farms and minor tenements. The Emperor Joseph II. chose to look upon this strictly lay charity as a Monastic Institution, and involved it in his sweeping measures against ecclesiastical establishments, depriving it of all its freeholds, and even of its premises, with the single exception of the chapel. The Italians, however, rallied round that sacred edifice, and, in the early part of the present, century, being allowed to repurchase the old hospital buildings, again dedicated them to the relief of suffering humanity, limiting their efforts, however, simply to the creation of an orphan asylum, which harbours for the present only 20 to 24 inmates. I visited this institution yesterday, hearing that King Victor Emmanuel had, during his short stay at Vienna, sent it a donation of 2000 garden, and nothing ever seemed some more striking than the untiring devotion of Professor Luigi Tonelli, an Italian from Trieste, to the material, intellectual, and moral welfare of the bereaved children committed to his charge. He lives by his profession as a teacher of languages, and the direction of the establishment is for him, for his amiable wife, and for his assistant, Signor Magni, purely a labour of love. His own two children are educated in the same class with the orphans, and form with them a united family. The education is carried on in the Italian, German, and Bohemian languages, and the pupils are cared for from the earliest age to the time when they are fitted for and provided with some profitable occupation in the world. The utmost care is taken of their physical development by free air and exercise, and assistance is given at the doors of the establishment to persons in real want of it, without distinction either of religious creed or nationality. An institution of this nature could not, of course, flourish in the immediate neighbourhood of the Imperial hermit of the Hradschin without a share in his liberalities and in those of his Italian Consort. The Emperor and his wife contribute yearly each a sum of 3000 florins to the asylum, and the Emperor honours it with occasional visits and more frequent inquiries as to its well- being and prospects. It is fortunate for the aged Imperial couple that their good instincts should prompt them to fill up with good works the gaps in their vacant existence. The Emperor, . now in his 80th year, is far advanced in decrepitude He was seriously ill last year, and lay for a long time between life and death. He now walks with considerable difficulty, has to be drawn about in his apartments in a Bath chair, and to be carried downstairs to his carriage in his servants' arms. He has discontinued his performances on the 1 pianoforte, though he is as loud as ever of music, especially of Strauss's waltzes, which are regularly played twice a week by a military band under his windows, when he invariably shows himself with a delighted countenance, and claps his hands and waves his thanks and blessings to the musicians. Since his last illness he has allowed his beard to grow, and his crew a white hair invests his otherwise dull countenance and vacant expression with a very able and not unbecoming his departed majesty. He is, and always was, Simple in his tastes and habits, and so affable and condescend- ing with his interiors that he has been known, , during his stay at Reichstadt in the summer, to 'ramble about alone in the country, COMES unexpectedly upon the poor cottagers at their dinner hour, and ask permission to sit down with them at their homely meal of " nuclei" or "Rocchi," the macaroni of the country eating with a relish which his own fried fish at the Hradschin, his favourite delicacy, hardly over perhaps, gave him. The poor old Kaiser, however, is subject to sudden and violent fits of temper, and his wrathful moods made life so unpleasant to one of his trusty valets as to compel him, affectionate as he was to his old master, to leave the service. I have said that the Emperor Ferdinand never revisited Vienna after his abdication. It does not frequently happen that any of the many Princes of the Imperial family call at the Hradschin, and the Emperor Francis Joseph has hardly, lam "told, over been at Prague, except on the occurrence of his uncle's occasional absence. Under the walls of the Hradschin some Austrian board might well sing Handel's lay, " O Richard, 0 vion Roi, Universe t abandons." Neglect is too generally the melancholy lot of old age ; but in the case of fallen f Royalty it very frequently sets in before its time. No one has a kind word to throw to a dethroned King ; his business seems so pleasant and easy so long as things prosper with him that his overthrow in a popular tempest is too readily considered his own fault, and attributed to his own faint heartedness and incapacity. Why could not Radetzky and Windischgratz save the throne for Ferdinand as they did for Francis Joseph ? What has the young Kaiser done that his uncle might not as easily have been taught to do? To these questions I do not care to find an answer. The Emperor Ferdinand was Uta earthen vessel compelled to float down the stream in the company of vessels of iron. The consequence was a collision which broke him to shreds and stranded him, a mere wreck, on his lonely, though not uncheered or ungenial, hermitage on the Hradschin. 