GEKEBAL B£W8.„ \- The SaBaral Courier remarks Jhat- " the reports regarding the almost fabulous rich ness of the Learuonth mine cannot he: much: exaggerated, if It is-true. as was reported on: Saturday, that last week's yield amounted to 1200 oz. . , -. : ...... Tbe coachingoffices sare rgrMlitilly ..'disap pearing from thelarge inUnd towns. The BaUaTdtXhturiermriveB e>'A notioeappeare foouradTertirtugcolumtrtto theidfootthat Cobbsnd'<ite.vxfittere-tfa'earaerwto let-' Ttfo:reTOraiSmieaireia wihathad' was first made it was stated that the lottery would consist 'purely of works of art," bnt. the Attorney-General, considered this .too vague, requiring "Mr. Moore to specifically state what the works of art to be disposed of would coasist.- This .has been done, and the Attorney-General has granted the customary dispensation for a lottery, to comprise "pictures, printings,' statuary, and st tr\ tnettes." . . . a strange disctovery of treasure ib reported by the ShoaJhaven JFcws. a few days ago, some workmen were removing a portion of Mr. David Berry's premises at. Coolangatta, for the purpose of effecting some improve ments, and while in tbe act of lowering a wall- plate they were somewhat startled by a shower of loose sovereigns, which came down "furious and fast" for some minutes. The sovereigns, which are all of the old; English stamp, when picked were found to greatly exceed 1000 iu nnmber ; red it is conjectured that they must, years ago, have been put in their late hiding-place by one or other of the late members of Mr. Berry's family, and were probably forgotten. There is little new to report in connection with the Gold Cop embroglio, except that Connor, who is said to have acted as agent in tbe purchase of the girl "Muloahy's share in the winning ticket, is like the original "spring-heeled Jaok," heard of everywhere, bnt not to be found. Strenuous endeavours are, however, being made to " bring him to the fore," and it is thought not witbont some prospect of success, for had he misappropri ated the 5s, which Mnloahysays she gave him, he wonld have been hardly likely to have written has he did to her congratulating her on her success. It is averred by a gentle man who knows all the parties, tbst Williams was well- aware of the courtship of Hannan and the girl, and that they were all associ ates years ago ata publio house at Learmonth kept by Henry Williams, brother to the winner of the cup. It is moreover affirmed by the same gentleman that Hannan borrowed money from Henry Williams, five weeks ago for the purpose of getting married, and having knelt at the hymeneal altar with one fair charmer by his side he had no choice bnt to prove frithlaBS to the other. _ If this be so, the strange oondnct of Hannan is partly accounted for in disowning the gfrLihoogh it offers uo excuse for his repeated falsifioa- tiODS. An application was made by Dr. Jlackay to the Supreme Court on Saturday, for a rule nisi to oast Mr. g. Hatton from office as councillor for the Borongh of Belfast. At the general election for the connciilora held in August last, there were three vacancies, for which there were four candidates — Messrs. j. m. Knight, John Lee, George Hatton, and George Haynes. Knight reoeived 210 votes, Lee 192, and Hutton and Haynes 183 each. The returning officer gave his (casting vote in favour of Hutton, red declared him duly elected. It was found on scrutiny, that the voting paper of a man named Shee had all the names scratched across excepting Hutton's, red the Christian name of that, which was George, wob also scratched out. On the paper, however, were written the words, "1 vote for Hutton only," but tbe words were ascertained to have been written forSbee by a voter named Flannery, who was in the vot ing compartment at the some time that Shee was. Dr. Mackay contended that ihe vote of Shee was invalid, because Flannery onght not to have been in the voting compartment when Shee was there, and that the latter should not have disclosed what his vote was, red also because the name was crossed ont. Tbe Christian name given to a person at his baptism was his name, red not the surname, which was an acquired designation. Tbe Court beld that the name was not crossed out; the surname being a person's name, red, as to the other point, said the Boroughs Statute allowed six persons to be in the booth at one time, stated nothing about compartments, and contained no prohibition against a person disclosing the name of the candidate he voted for. The application was therefore refused. The returns for tbe last examination for candidates for the University and tbe Civil Service were postponed tbe other day at the University. The proportion of passes is ex ceedingly meagre, only nineteen having matriculated, for which it ia necessary that a candidate should be successful in uy rix Bnbjecte. Thirty-seven paeBed the Civil Ser vice examination, for which candidates mast obtain credit in not fewer than four sub jects, English and arithmetic being compul sory as two of the fonr. The examination in French seems to have been rather more severely conducted than usual, only about one-third of those who took it having passed; one candidate recently from Eng land passed well in German. The ladies have well sustained the character for careful preparation that tbey have gained at the University examinations of late ; one young lady, Miss Hartnell, at tbe last, having secured first place, red nearly passed " with credit," an hononr not attained by any can didate at tbis examination. Three young ladies, namely, Lydia Amelia Harris, Eliza beth Jane Hartnell, and Alice Henry, have passed the matriculation examination, and six the civil service— these are Louisa Cyrena Davidson, Jane Olivia Elworthy, Elizabeth Watts Hagger, Elizabeth Jane Hartnell, Alios Henry, red Ellen Gertrude Lisk. The Dtibbo Despatch, 4th September,, states that a blackfellow named Peacock recently brought from the IUaworra district a young black girl, who bad been educated and is anything but ignorant. She was veiy badly treated by tbe man, and -left him and went to service at Curbin. After she had been in her employment some weeks. Pea cock came to the hotel, red forced her to leave with him. He had two horses in the bosh a short distance off, red, making the girl mount one, he got on tbe other, red they rode off to GUgandra, where they stopped for a day or two. Then Peacock took the woman to the camp of Borne car penters, working near Gilgandra, "red at night, after upbraiding her tor leaving him red gofog to service, the brute deliberately . threw the poor girl on a big fire, swearing he wonld " roast her like a 'possum." The shrieks of the unfortunate girl brought to her aid one of the carpenters, and she was dragged from tbe fire, bnt not before her bands, face, and body, were terribly burnt. She was brought to Dubbo, and was ad mitted into the hospital. Information of the outrage having been given to Sergeant Wal- lings, he arrested Peacock (who, by the way, is engaged presently in the prosecntiou of an American black named Smith, for horsestealing). Peaoock was brought up at the police court on Tuesday last, and re manded for right days. He has already served a sentence of five years' imprison ment. At the last meeting of the Belfast Borongh Conncil a letter was read from thcHon. h. j. Wrixon, tbe origin of which is thus stated by the hon. gentleman "i observe that not only is considerable dissatisfaction expressed, which is just, with the email vote for the Belfast harbour works this year, bnt some gentlemen among my constituents accuse me of indifference to thrirafiaira and being above attending to'.lheai, which is quite unjast." — Mr. Wrixon then gives his views npon the proposed' votes for harbour works at Ware- nambool and Belfast, and concludes aa fol- lows : — " 1 make this fnU explanation lest any of my constituents shonld be led to think that, after their great red continued' con sideration to me, i'had '.been indifferent to their affaire. No constituent, from the poorest to the highest, can say that i ever spared myself trouble or annoyance abont any matter -which it was my duty to deal with. 1 lisve certainly always said (as 1 see 1 am accused), and i always -will say red feel thatitiethe curse of ourpolitioalsystem to have all the constituencies suppliants at the Treasury in Melbourne, red ell the members . of Pariiament agents for those suppliants, as well as representatives' of the conntiy at large. Bnt it is possible to combine the two charac ters (though rather antagonistic), and to dis- charge tbe duties of tore honestly red effi- dentiy; -this baa been my effort for the past six years. There is no .other yay, nnderthe present system, , in ivbich one pan serve hie country, and even if a repoesen(tive isi little-: soiled in the attempt, it is better to liear the dost of thearena than rest In a nmdess lhongh blameless inactivity." : "' : . Amort unfrrtunateexriiange of projierty is reported to have occurred here recently, says - the pleasant Creek Metes, as a ddnseqhenoe ' »f -the joviality of two residents of the dis-- itrict: j th hid bren . spending the day to j !&tawell;, in .'the transsction of thirinesy raa-! tobre?evtoflre'' %"'|ewkiimra|u\ r-vajdced whre toey "i& toie -!fios 'fli«y t«l ; schbeeuto therwdezvotta jitod .wheh '.hey ; had mounted the other's horee, .Sod wheu' tht, Souse of Mr. B. roe® on hearing % wefi-, known sound ot old Barefoot is h<»f. to admit her hnsband, she found a ganger, . Her trouble was in no way lessenrf when she found that A. was unable to explaiD, ana intact fellfost asleep cha« « rep be iretered the house. IfoanwhlleH far£ even toisb. He jogged alohg on his friend's pony until he reached the tetter's reduce, red pulled up iu due course before the door, Mre. A., however, ae alsdyof spirit, felt it in cumbent upon her to punish drunkenness in her eponee, red before her sopposed husband had tone to notice that he was in a strange country, shebelaboredhimsonndly withe stout switch. He roared lustily, and became almost sober by the time that his assailant discovered her mistake, and mingled her apologies with inquiries for her missing lord. Messrs. A. and B. have since arranged that they will never again ride borate of the tame colour wbe& coming to Stawoll to spend the even 10 All about a Ghost 1 From time to time we (Shoattuaxn Jfetos) have received startling in telligence from Bamerreg anent a ghost, or rather ghosta, that have been Seen by many persons, some of whom are persons loot likely to be carried away by idle fturies. Mr. Bobfc Williams, who has but recently gone to re side to Bamerreg, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, red his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appeeranoo of re appa rition. On Tuesday night Williams' family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down Hie verandah with heavy-nailed hoots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, 'red, it wonld eeem, also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a most frantic manner, and every now and then make a desperate spring at tbe intruder, bnt finally gave op the contest in enllen. silence. The ghost, in. defiance of locks, bolts, red bate, entered the house, and Wil liams then saw. the figure of a man, dressed, ; apparently, in the garb of a bnahxnam.lt went to the bed where Mr. red Mrs. Wil liams were lying, red pulled the bed olotheB- off the bed, and lay dowuj beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put ont hie hand to touch it. Alter a while the apparition went to where there was a cross-cut saw standing, which it sounded several times ae if beating time to music. Williams avers that he has heardand seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bsmorang, and challenges all un believers to go and stop at his honse and judge for themselves. Other peraons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar Apparitions in the locality/ and one gentleman, well known in this district, who tended at onetime at Bamerreg; saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-setman, with a manilla hat on, dressed in moleskin trousers, red a bine guernsey shirt, carrying all axe over his shoulder, entered his bed room, and wben the party referred to at tempted to asoertaic who he was and what he wanted, he found that the supposed man was only a shadow. . It is asserted by very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago. The JT. A. MaH reports that a rather practical joke was perpetrated the other evening on an over-sanguine speculator in horseflesh capabilities by a jocose typo. Abont eleven o'clock, just after'the receipt of the Sydney telegram announcing the result of the racing for the Sydney Cap, a "grass " hand came in from the billiard-room in con nection with one of the leading hotels in the town, where commercial men most do congre gate; red amtiondy desired to know the win ner of the enp; red the compositor who was " setting up" the MS. of "the telegram ima gined that the " grass" bad been deputed by - some of those interested to ascertain the news, red knowing that it was not right that news of snoh importance shonld he made public before the issue of the paper, derided to perpetrate a "cell," by supplying re erroneous " tip," red therefore told ' him "Goldsbrougb." This news was eoon he ralded to the company, and, coming as ft did from a "pressman," was accepted aa gospel; the joy of some of the company knew no bounds, bell -toppers were thrown to the ceil ing of the room, red jumped on when they reached the floor, 'red when the effect be came somewhat abated, one of the com mercial men announced himself as the lncky holder of Goldsbrongh for the Sydney sweep, by which he wonld be the winner of some thing like £1000. There were abont twenty gentlemen present, and the un-lncky holder of Goldsbrongh ordered the waiter to bring in drinks for all hands, which was done, and he was congratulated on his good fortune ; again, the glasses wereVepleuisned, red again the company toasted the man of commerce ; bnt eventually the company broke up, red the supposed ' lncky one retired to bed, but there waa no rest for him that night— he conld only dream of seeing Goldsbrongh passing the judge's stand two lengths ahead of the field, and think of himself as the win ner of the great Sydney sweep. He was np early to see the morning papers, expecting to see a confirmation of the good news, but his feelings of disappointment can be better ima gined than deacribed at seeing tbe name of "Sterling," not "Goldsbrongh, at the bead of the' list His friends of tbe previous even ing laughed heartily to the " sell " that had been perpetrated on their friend by the pre cocious typo. Onr man of commerce says he will never again ask a compositor to divulge the secrets of his office; especially to Bach a cost 