OPENING OF THE ONKAPARINGA BRIDGE. It will be welcome intelligence to persons ac- customed to travel on the Strathalbyn-road that the new bridge in the neighbourhood of the Wheatsheaf Hotel is finished and opened for traffic. The new bridge is intended to take the place of the old one, which was over 24 years ago, and is now showing unmistakable signs of weakness, foretelling its early failure. The structure just erected is on a deviation in the road, which is shortened by 10 chains, thus doing away with a very sharp and dangerous turn on the left bank of the river descending to the old bridge from the Adelaide side. The new bridge is of three spans, the centre 60 feet and the others 25 feet each. The roadway beams rest on arched timber ribs, built of three thicknesses of redgum on edge firmly bolted together and stayed and braced. The platform is of two thick- nesses of three-inch planking laid cross- wise. The masonry is of freestone procured close to the site. It is pitched on the face with quoins, &c.;, drafted on the edges. The erection is about 130 feet long, and the roadway is 18 feet in the clear. The cost of the work will be about £2,200, which will include the expense of making about 27 chains of new road. Funds were provided by a special Parliamentary vote of £1,400, and the expenditure has been under the direction of the Central Road Board. Tbe work was commenced in May last year, so that it has only been about ten months in hand. Mr. C. T. Hargrave, A.I.C.E., the Superintending Surveyor of Main Roads for the district, is the engineer, Mr. R. C. Trenouth, of Strathalbyn, the contractor, and Mr. G. S. D'Arcy Irvine the clerk of works. The opening took place on Wednesday, March 11, although there had been traffic over the bridge for several days previously. There was a moderately large attendance on the occasion, consisting principally of residents in the neighbourhood, but including persons from a distance. Miss Hough, daughter of the Chairman of the Echunga Dis- trict, was fixed upon to perform the ceremony, and at the hour appointed she christened the bridge, using the words, "In the name of the Great Architect of the Universe, to whom be praise and glory, I declare this bridge open for public traffic, and to be henceforth known by the name of the Onkaparinga Bridge, near the Wheat- sheaf." Cheers for the Queen, Miss Hough, the Central Road Board, and the contractor fol- lowed, and were most heartily given. THE LUNCHEON. An excellent spread was provided by Mr. Grenet, of the Wheatsheaf Hotel, in a tent near the bridge. Mr. W. Hough presided, and there were also present the Hons. T. English, J. Dunn, T. Hogarth, and J. Crozier, M.L.C.'s, and Messrs. F. Hannaford, C. T. hargrave, and H. J. Andrews (Secretary of the Central Road Board). After the loyal toasts had heen proposed, Mr. J. WARLAND proposed "The Parlia- ment"—a body for whom he said he had a great respect. He had helped to pull some of them / : ' through from time to time, and having watched* : I their career he was convinced that theywqrked ■ with a desire :to ensure the welfare of tha- • public, and to carry out the wishes of tim* - '"*S country at huge. He was sure that the pro-' - gress the country was making was owing mft great measure to the good management of" y , - members. The Hon. J. DUNN, in responding for the Legislative Council, said that members of Parliament were but human beings, and they ' were liable to err, but from his experienca- ' in both Homes and his observation of Sit •' Parliaments in the neighbouring ' colonies - ^- * and other countries he-_ believed- that ' ife- ^ -c would bear reasonable comparison with rimilai* -' institutions in other parts of the woxhL At any ' - rate he believed that since the passing of tha - _1 Constitution Act there had been lew-of that. - _v working into each other's hands than ho had - • » seen in other parts. He had often heard people • boast of what they would do if they were in- - *f Parliament, and he could give the name of ons —•. person who followed him like a ghost ior'ywxaf^'^. and years, saying what he would do if he got'afcJii J''; seat in the House. He eventually got a seat, and» - r-;) a more useless member he (Mr. Dunn) never sawg-^ in his life. It was all very well for," persons ride to say what they would do, bid when were 30 or 40 men together the wxsest policy - to feel your way and see what support you wera likely to get, instead of—to use a Scotch saymg.-i :, —rushing like a bull at a gate. He was lmppy; . ,- - . t to say that South Australia was in a prosperous , , condition, both financially and commercially. ,. They were told that there was plenty of money , : >• in the Treasury, and if this district wanted - - anything more it had better apply for it at tha ; next meeting of Parliament. . A brother of hisj who was out here some time ago, and who was A - - jocular sort of man, described the Governments- ■: as being like a milch cow—every one ran for a-_ - bucket, and the strongest got the moet«'._ (Laughter.) Whether that waa the case or noV ; he was happy to say that all classes here vera better off than in the old country^ .with tha exception of individuals who wanted their horses-" .. at the door -with three or four meu.to wait upon them. They could not get that hei®. At:, man had occasionally to saddle or harness - his own horse, and although he. could pay men*. . he could not always get them. From tha mechanic and artisan dows to those who did . the most menial work, the people of South Aus* traiia had more accommodation and freedom^ . than in the old country. (A voice-—"Educa- : : . tion question.") He got into the bad books of tbe JRegister upon thatsubjeot, and he was afraid. . he would never recover. (Laughter.) He felfc— Eroud. as a member of the Parliament at tha-, andsome manner in which the toast had been - • , received. (Cheers.) The Hon. T. ENGLISH, in the absence of a member of the House of Assembly, returned thanks on behalf of that body. The Assembly held the purse-sti in gs, and if they had not bees.„ loosened then this hwidsome bridge would not;-.- ' have been erected. (Cheers.) They had more par* " : ticularly to thank the Lower House for improve-, ments such as this, but they must remember, that the Council, having noted that the Housa had well and sensibly apportioned the money* passed the Appropriation Bill, which was agreed - to on all occasions, he believed, without tha slightest hesitation. It was considered that . a man must have a few grey haira before entering the House to which he belonged;, but although the members of the Council wera - supposed to be the old worn-out men of tha . : country, there were four of them present that dav while there was no representative from ttia House of Assembly. (Cheers.) He was satis- i fied that their members would have been present but for some substantial reason. The Hon. J. CROZIER gave the toast "The Agricultural, Mining, and Pastoral Interests of . South Australia." Wo had been rather pros-- t perous of late, although toere had been soma- : disappointment with regard to the harvest. Ha believed that one windy night caused a loss of - five bushels to the acre. If that had been added: to the crops, what a fine return .that would hava been. We could not contend with Providence* but should use all exertions even when appa rently baffled. No doubt a little cloud was!-. hanging over us, but it was not so large as it might have been, for the price of grain made up for the deficiency to some extent. We must not: always expect prosperity—it was by adversity , that men became great. He feared we wera . under too favourable circumstances here—wa might become rather weak because we expected too much. The Hon. T. HOGARTH, in replying, said that tLe agricultural and mining interests formed what might be called the backbone of the inte rests of the colony. The past season was far from being a prosperous one as regarded agri- culture"—the statistics would show that the produce was not more . than seven bushels to the acre. That was not a profit- able state of thrngs, but it was an almost accidental occurrence. The shortness of the crop had not been owing to rust, as on a former occasion; but speaking of his own land, he believed the cause was frost. Every one knew the great influence of frost upon vegetable matter, especially in the hill districts, and he thought they should try by every means in their power to ascertain the reason for the partial failure of the yield. If they found the causes they might find the remedy. It was with no personal interest that he was in the Legislature, but he amply wished to serve his country. (Cheers.) He had been hooted for bis opinions in regard to education, bat be would be booted again before such an iniquitous scheme as that proposed was carried out and a yoke placed upon the people. Would they send their children along the lonely roads of the Colony unguarded for two miles ? No; they would rather carry them to their graves. There were four members of the Legislative Council present, and they would see that there were no iniquitous laws passed. (Cheers). The Hon. J. DUNN proposed "The Health of the Members of the Central Read Board." Persons travelling often said hard prayers for the. Board, but they could only use the funds placed in their hands. The Board had done a nice thing for that neighbourhood, but he thought they might have done better. He believed that the redgum would run with the grain and split in all directions, and that the work would turn out to be cheap and nasty. The abutments were good, but he thought the Board might have gone to a little more expense for iron girders, which, with a little tarring, would he as good in 50 years as when put up. The Legislative Council had only the power of veto, and could not single out any item for objection, or he would often like to vote against individual lines. He hoped that in the future the .Assembly would see that the money was applied for better purposes than building bridges across the Murray. The bridge now being erected was one of the. greatest pieces of madness he ever saw. 'Across the Rhine, where there was as much traffic, in one day as in some months on the Murray, there was only a bridge of boats, and the main roads of the colony, were in a most wretched condition. Except during the first ten years of the colony's existence he never saw the roads in such a deplorable state as now. He hoped the Assembly would hand over a larger sum to the Board and expend less on expensive toys. Mr. F. HANNAFORD, in response, said the members of the Board, if they had not been able to please everybody, had done what they considered fair with the money at their disposal. Every Government had tried to keep the'Board as bare of money as possible, in 1865 we had half a million of Lund Fund, but the - Government soon spent £300,000 in the city, and only gave the Road Board what they could spare. We had a large revenue in the shape Of rents from Grown lands and credit pur- chases, the money for which must go into the Treasury sooner or later. The Parliament had given the Board £23,000 for this half- year, but it was not enough to put three inches of. metal upon the roads. They were using the whole of the vote for maintenance, and intended shortly to ask for £100,000. The Land Fund was intended to make roads to the land that was sold, but that had not been carried out because there were too many town members representing country districts. Until there was more local representation the country districts would never have what belonged to them. About a million and a half's worth of land must have been sold on credit, and the interest paid in advance. If the country did not forests! it, they would soon make room for it about Adelaide. The main roads were in their ' present state because of insufficient funds. The Government had tried to shift them upon the country, but the districts would not take them— they.wqre too wide awake. (Laughter.) The roads were the main arteries of the country, and should. be supported by the Government. It was said that the North should have more than a third of'the amount handed to the Board. The'North had 180 miles of road, and the other two districts 230, so that if Mr. Angas's suggestion had been adopted the North would have had less and the other divisions more. ..Before any alteration took place the schedule of main , roads should he revised. Roads running parallel to railways should be struck off and feeders made, and then let the appropriation be so much per mile, which would do away with all jealousy. Until an independent Commission jxr something of the sort was appointed to revise the schedule nothing would be done,' because too much political capital was made of it, and there was so much log-rolling in connection with it. The country would not have taxation till it was required. He knew all the country within 300 miles of Adelaide, and believed that if matters were properly adjusted we would have more revenue than was required. He hoped the districts would hold out and insist upon the Government providing money for the main- tenance of the reads. The Hon. J. DUNN, referring to a scheme of road maintenance propounded by Mr. Joyner, said that it was not fair to compare this country with Great Britain, because there the main arteries which, had been handed over to the pari&es; had been superseded by railroads. The Chairman gave the toast "The Sur- veyors and Officers of the Central Road Board." He had had dealings with them for 16 or 17 years, and never knew a more respectable and honourable lot of men. Mr. H. J. ANDREWS responded. The toasts of "The Contractors and Work- men," "The Ladies," "The Chairman," and "The Press" followed, and the proceedings closed. Schrader's Band was in attendance at both the ceremony and the luncheon, and their instrumentation was deservedly admired. 