THE LATEST SACRILEGE. On the hill of the Janiculum, in tbe Franciscan ohurch of San Pietro' di Montorio, they laid the Prince of Ulster in the grave which, a few yean before, had been opened for hit son, beside the last restingplace of the Tyrconnel) chiefs. >ide by side they had fought through life ; side by side they now sleep in death. Above the grave where rest the ashes of those heroes, many an Irish pilgrim has knelt, and prayed, and wept. In the calm evening, when the sunbeams slant upon the stones below, the Fathers of St. Francis often see:some figureprostrate upon that tomb, which as often they And wetted by the tears of the mourner. Then they know that some exiled child of Ireland has sought and found the spot made sacred and holy for him and ail his nation by ten thousand memories' of mingled grief and glory. -TheJStory of Ireland.. There is news to-day from Rome rthat will strike.the heart of Ireland with all the force and pain of a most cruel wound. The Piedmontese have seized and taken possession— " for conversion to the purposes of the State" —of the- Church of. San Pietro di Montorio. The Franciscan Fathers have been driven forth ; their property has been appropriated-; their monastery occupied with soldiery or other servants of the Bobber King; and— how shall we tell the story?—tbe .church, that one spot of -Boman earth .which might have been said in an especial manner to have belonged to Ireland, has been wrested from the Order, and is marked for destruction. Once before.it fell into the hands of the same foes. In 1848 , it was seized by Gari- baldi, and by him converted. into a cavalry stables! The trampling of the horses," we are told, " destroyed or effaced'many of the tombstones ; and the Irish in the city gave -up all hope of safety for the one so sacred in their eyes." " Happily.however," continues ;the account from which we are quoting, " when Bome had been rescued by France on behalf of -the Christian world, and when the filth and litter had been cleared away from the desecrated church, the tomb of the Irish Princes was: found to have escaped with very little permanent injury." But the desecrators of to-day—not, indeed, without some guilty fears that the Gallic sword may not only vindicate onae more tbe rights of Christendom, but also avenge a treaty foully broken and a dishonour put upon France— are resolved to place the rescue-of this ancient fane beyond all hope this time. We may be prepared any day for the news that the "purpose'of state" for which it has been seized is the erection on its site of:a fortified barrack; the strategic position.of > the Golden Mount, we are given to understand, indicat- ing the advantage of such a course. The ashes of our chieftains will be flung out upon the highway, andthe last resting-place of.the Great Hugh, the Lion of Ulster, will be known on this earth no more 1 It may be doubted if, in the wide world's expanse, there was a spot more sacred in the. eyes of Irishmen than this, where— Two princes of the line of Conn Sleep in their cells of elay beside O'Donnell Roe 1 Three royal youths, alas I all gone, Wbo lived for Erin's weal, but died For Erin's woe 1 Ah! could the men ef Ireland read The names these noteless burial-stones Display to view, Their wounded hearts afresh would bleed, Tbeir tears gush forth again, their groans Besound anew! But not' «ven the Gaelic bard, whose matchless elegy Mangan has given to us in English garb, imagined, in the deepest depth of his distress, that upon "the men of Ireland" would fall the still more cruel sorrow that is theirs to day. That the royal princes of Tirowen and Tyrconnell should have been laid their last rest in a distant land, seemed to .him bitter indeed. Yet the Royal Pope- Pius V.—had given them royal honours while they lived, and in death had them borne with royal obsequies to the grave. Little did the bard dream of a day when another Pius, the successor of their generous host, protector, and friend, would be a prisoner in the Vatican, invaded, robbed, despoiled, while the Church of San Pietro would resound to the obscenities of a Piedmontese guard-house —the altar of God razed to the ground, and the bones of the Irish Dead flung out into 1 the street! That 1 the men of Ireland'' should endure all this, and no Irish sword be there to guard Pontiff, Church, or Tomb, is an anguish and a humiliation such as the Tyroonnell minstrel never contemplated for his countrymen ! It was in nowise to be wondered at that many honest and unsuspecting men, chiefly among our non-Catholic fellow-countrymen, a few years ago should have been fully persuaded by the subtle stories of the anti-Roman doctriuairies and propagandists that Cavour.was a man of truth and honesty, nnd that if the Piedmontese, even though it might be by secret corruption, treacherous fraud, oi open foroe, once possesed themselves of 'the City of the Popes, religion and its ministers, so far from being harmed, injured, or obstructed, would go on smoothly, uninterfered with—nay, indeed, would be freer and better off than before. Ten thousand timeB jthis was reiterated by the Piedmontese plotters, and by their secretly-subsidised press all over Europe. It was the story constantly relied upon to silence Catholics, who contended that the contemplated robbery—evjl and wicked as it would be against anyj peaoeful, righteous, and legitimate soverejgnty—would be a direct and individual outrage npon evety Catholic nation and ; community. For the Roman Patrimony J was unique in the world, and was, indeed, "God's Acre upon earth." Mfiny Protestants, honestly unconscious of any anti-Catholic feeling in their ro-Piedmontese sympathies, were caught by hese soothing assurances—the glosing lies f men whose i( honour" was that of the laokleg and the foot-pad. "The Catholic eligion will (not be interfered with; the pro. erty of the Churoh will not only be 1 respected, bnt'i , „ rulB_ Art tbfe ministers of religion''will aotonlybeto!' molested, but will be moVe tree thanbefore" This was the fanoy piotore of Rome under Piedmontese rule, Ithat .was Mlied nponta lull suspicion and to, cheat the world ] • . The world knows «bat to think of it toidayJ;.:, To-day—wben .churclj after church, and monastery after monastery is seized a&d; plundered; when tbe ministers of religion' are stripped of their all, | and, Sent houBelSM u^on. the street; aHd When even the libraries and archives 1 of the Teli^ioas orders aw stolen " in the name pf the King 1" •"•... Ireland knows What to think of ii'to-dtt when the Church of San Pietro' di > 'Montorio is " appropriated for purposes of the'-State" —the Franciscan Fathers turned from the doors of St. Isadora's lhat so often sheltered ithe, proscribed children flf 'pur .race; and when even their library, full of tomes of pripeleSB value to the Irish nation, is seized and taken into ownership by the robberhand 1 There is no help for all this; no help for it now. But assuredly a day Will come, be it soon or be; it' late—ind it may life nearer than the desecrators of' San ; Pietro may imagine—mien -thiB defiance' of all Christie rights will find its fitting punishment;' Not in vain do the chivalrous companions of the League of St. SebaBtian-^models of loyalto and valour.in an age of treason and cowardioe —keep thejur ,ranks intact and their vows unbroken. To them Ireland to-day may com. mit tbe memoiy of this outrage to the ashes of ber Great Dead. In tbe hour when they march to averige it, they 1 'may • trust to find thousands of our scattered: race who will rally to their call 1—Ration; Tbades' Hali. — The. oommittee oi management and the trustees of 'the Trades' Hall reserve; at tbfe corner of Victoria-parade and Lygonistreet, hiving reiblved to.erecia portion of the permanent building, 'had planj prepared by Messrs. Reed a:nd' Barnes, and contracted witb Mr. John Jude to erect t portion of the structure for the sum - of £3000. The building now in course of erection will form the principal front of the edifice, and will face Victoria- parade. The design is o! the Italian order of, architecture, and, when completed, the elevation will be very ornamental. The area covered by the foundations now put in covers a space of 72 feet by 43 feet, and will comprise'.a number, of apartments that will be utilized as committee rooms ; the land at the rear, including that on which the present wooden building Btanda being intended aB a site fori >'the new large hall that will be ieveritually built. Tbe memorial stone of the new Trades' Hall and Literary Institute was laid on Monday afternoon by Mr. Curtain M-P. The ground was decorated witb tbe trades' banners, and there was a large assemblage. In a cavity made in a splid blook of bluestone a bottle was placed, containing a record and copies of the Melbourne journals. A Touching Incident.—Rather a touching incident is related by the Geelong Advertiser as having recently occurred near Colao. "Some time last week the wife of a woodsplitter, whose vocation calls him away from home for days at a time, called her fonr young children to her, and got them to assist her in pulling the mattrass from off the bed on to the floor. This done she embraced them all round, begged of them to be fond and dutiful children, and told them she was going to die. She then lay down on the mattrass, and, as they thought, went to sleep. All day the children kept quiet, go as not to wake their • mother, and • almost went without food. The night passed and morning came, still their mother slept, and the eldest child went to a store where tbe family was in the habit of dealing, got a loaf of bread and. some butter, and quietly fed her young brothers and sisters. Throughout the .day the mother slept, and the children kept as quiet as possible until evening, when their fat her came home from his work; Then the eldest child told him what the mother had said, and how long she had been asleep. The unfortunate husband then found that his wife m dead. An inquest was subsequently held, and a rerdiot was returned that the deceased died from natural causes, it is supposed from disease of the heart, and it is thought that the woman died directly she lay down." "Sic Transit," btc.—To those whose memory can go back (says the Universe) to t period two generations ago the name of Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna will recall many strange scenes of vicissitudes. This old agitator—ex-president, ex-dictator, exgeneralissimo, ex-everything—is now living, an octogenarian, in Havana, sunk from riches into deep poverty. He is feared now by no man and no party. For eighteen years had he been an exile, and the Progreso now pleads with tbe government that he be permitted to return to Mexioo, there to end his ays in peaoe. Town CLOCK.^-We may shortly expeot to see a new illuminated clock in the city, as the Bhip Shannon, which arrived in the Bay on Sunday night, brings the machinery and materials of the clock for the Town HalL This has been a present to the Corporation by Mr. Condell, of London, a son of the first Mayor of Melbourne. The cost of the clook will be about £400. It was anticipated that it would have arrived before this, but from a letter received by the council on Monday it appears that the delay was caused by some additional work to the striking part 'of the The constructors (Messrs. Smith and Sons of Clerkenwell) are of opinion that with a bell weighing 30 cwt. the sound would be heard from three to five miles; and they also recommend that if the council should decide they should follow the Butler, who had «it very quietly listening, rose when the great P. had finished, and said—" It seems 1 to me the thing is. plain. The sender of the telegram had said all he wanted to say in the first six words, but knowing he would have to pay the same price for six words as, for ten he added the other four words, determined not to let the Government get the best of him." The roars of laughter which followed this explanation fairly drove the would-be sarcastic commentator out of the House. . . . Aureate, there is very little stirring in the news market. A lugubrious discus- Bion, painfully maintained, worse written, and generally wearisome, on the qualifications of Australian ladies to become the mothers of households is the melancholy fall-back of one journal. The young ladies, so far, seem to maintain the right of their sex to have the last word, and judging from the arguments theyadduce, it must be confessed that they have, so far, the best of the encounter. Thus much for a spasmodic attempt at a sensation. Otherwise, there is literally nothing to talk about. The vexed question of JVee Trade versus Protection is still agitating the statesmen of this and the sister colony ; Parkes is making the most of his opportunity, and has nailed his colours to the mast. Whether that lively politician, who enjoys the unenviable credit of having set New South Wales by the ears over a sectarian question, can maintain his supremacy, is a very doubtful question. ' People of sincere minds will not readily forget that it was Mr. Parkes who, from his vantage of .office as a Minister of the Crown, pledged his word to the existence of a Fenian plot in Sydney ; that Mr. Parkes had to eat ignominious dirt, confess that his " Kiama ghost" creation was a barefaced falsehood, and generally eat remark- • ably humble pie before the good sound sense of the Sydney legislators. Mr. Parkes has tided over that very queer period in' his political life. He has gained the summit of his ambition, and having shelved his most dangerous antagonist—Sir James Martin—perhaps fancies <himself invincible. But there is a cloud behind his serried ranks—a man, quite as eloquent, far more earnest, and -and an incomparably better scholar, is arrayed in opposition to him. And when the : caustic, polished periods of Edward Butler . are scathing Mr. Parkes, the position of the latter self-sufficient gentleman will by no means be an enviable ,one. There are to be some very extensive changes in the Lands Office, and goodness know they will not be made a moment too fioon. Recently, at the request of some country friends, I had occasion to visit the delightful place and found everything in the greatest confusion. Letters, the receipt of which had been duly acknowledged by postal card, were mislaid, and could not be found. To-day you were told one thing, to-morrow another dia- .'metrically opposite. Chaotic confusion •reigned supreme. When it is remembered that in a large number of the original plans the distances were marked in red ink, which has since faded, it is sickening to think of the law-suits and trouble which await the public through the .gross bungling of the officers of this department. Something may be done bysweeping departmental alterations, but no real substantial good can be effected until the present, political head is removed and an hbnest and capable man put in his place. For this we must patiently wait the re-assembling of Parliament. I suppose the great event of the day— cricket—must not pass unnoticed. The English Eleven have left us to try their fortunes with our brethren in New South Wales. Sooth to say, they have not left us in a state of unqualified admiration! There is a dawning conviction here that there is a very great deal in a name ; • that Allan or " old Sam," with an English reputation, might be quite as good as the abortive Mclntyre and his coadjutors, and that altogether rather too much money has been spent in bringing out " the giant and his henchmen." It is a sad thing that so many disparaging remarks should have been necessitated by the extremely eccentric conduct of some of the Eleven. More than one good judge is of opinion that they are literally "played out," and that England's champion elevens went out with the finest team ever brought to this colony —; that captained by George Parr. The Sydney handball players have departed from us taking with them pleasant associations of their. visit to Victoria. They are anxious that a team should visit Sydney in order that they might have an opportunity of showing how much they appreciate the many acts of kindness shown them. It is most gratifying to find this feeling existing, and it is to be hoped that the intercolonial match will be an annual onp, and that each succeeding contest will grow in interest and importance, and terminate in the same agreeable manner. TAPLBY. 