THE MURRAY DISTRICT ELECTION. ATr. "Witt's chances of success in ihe approaching coniesfc for the representa tion of the Murray District appear to be very much underestimated. To us. at least, it seems that his abilities, his tactics, and the effects of that sympathy which is always rendered to misfortune — from wha'e.-,-r cause — are entitled to far more consideration than they receive from his opponents. The less astute of Mr Orb's friends appear to think his victory will be in the nature of a triumphal march, while in reality thai issne is more than doubtful. Neither oi' the candidates is likely to create any great persona! enthusiasm, nor can we say the Parliamentary career of either has always been without some flaw ; but n this respect Mr Gitr.'s slips have been in the far-away past, while I\Ir Witt seems to have been in a chronic stale of slipperiness. They both profess to be supporters of the present Ministry. Mr Ore says so most unreservedly, but Mr Witt rather by implication, and with many conditions and excep tions, and it is upon this point be tween the t.vo candidates the electors will most probably chiefly dwell. While deeply regretting the expressed intention of the present Government to enter into open war with the Upper House, we look upon their continuance in power as an absolute necessity at the present moment. For, to whom are we to look as their successors "? Would it be amongst the motley followers of Mr Duffy, he himself having retired irom the arena — amongst the extreme protec tionists, growing weaker and more dis organised every day — from ihe scanty ranks of half-hearted believers iu a single chamber, or from the tag, rag, aud bob tail, of all the panics who would form an alliance, however unholy, to till lip the breach "? To banish the Francis Ministry, under present circumstances, seems to be almost as absurd and impos sible as to subvert the Upper House; anil it is simply incredible that the Government should lay before Parlia ment and the country a Bill of the nature indicated, with the condition attached that no other legislation should be proceeded with until that was passed. Snch a bolt voaid not only most assuredly miss its mark, but would once more plunge the country into a dead-, ock, with ail attendant miseries and injustices. But can it be imagined that, while Ministers are preparing and push- ng through the Assembly their great Reform -of-the-Couucil Bill, private mem bers will not also prepare and bring in measures to whieh neither the Assembly nor the Ministry turn a deaf ear. No doubt they have that fatal card in their hands, more fatal ofiener to the player than his opponent, the threat of resigna tion, but that- they should fly ignomi nious!- from "these parts in face of a danger which they themselves have created cau scarcely be suspected. No, the threat c-f the Government to anni hilate the powers and functions of the Upper Hens? wili be blown aside by the first breath of a new and vigorous Parlia ment. This illusion once dispelled the present Ministry will bow to the wishes of the com. cry and carry out with the full concurrence of the Upper House many necessary measures framed so as to respect rights of property while following steadiasiiy the path of progress. Their very con.-taucy to their new faith of demo'iiian is touching and reassuring. It behoves the constituency, therefore, to chose a man who, while he may not be prepared to follow Mr Francis over the f ills of a revolution is a firm and faithful adherent of his general policy. Tha: Mr Ore is such an adherent no one doubts, while Mr Witt, in the garb of a Minisieriai supporter, more than once condemns himself out of his own mouth. Certainly he outbids Mr Orr on the! land question, bnt if he be really as he generally professes to he a supporter of the present Administration, he certainly takes an ex traor dinar- way of showing it. To prove his affection for Mr Francis and to justify his tergiversation in the DuFFi business he reminds ns of the deficiency in the revenue while Mr Francis was Treasurer in the McCullooh Ministry, and raises the ghost of the so-called "Police Bate." "Such was the op position against the Government " says Mr Witt in referring to this new tax, " that they were defeated by a majority of 2 to 1. ' I, says the heroic Mr Witt, always on the side of the winners, " i most reluctantly voted against the Govern ment on that - occasion or to put it in another form, " I rushed into the breach and made it 2 to 1." " Well," continues Mr Witt, so simply, " the Ministry was " defeated, and consequently resigned " office. His Excellency thought proper " to send for Mr Gavan Duffy, and that " gentleman succeeded in forming an ad- " ministration, eYerv member of which " was re-elected on presenting themselves " before their constituents. i confess i " had my misgivings as to the nature of " the policy of the Duffy Minisiry would " put before the country, and it was not " until the Chief Secretary, in his famous " speech at Eyneton, announced their " policy that I could decide whether I " should support them or not. Now, " gentlemen, I think you will agree with " me that the policy then enunciated " was of the most liberal character. Lot " me remind yon of some of its features. " At that time a large portion of the " colony was reserved from selection by " the department, and the Duffy Ministry " swept away most of these reserves, " and free selection again became a " reality, and not a sham, all over the " colony. It was a policy of railway- " extension and natural progress, it in- " eluded a Mining on Private Property " Bill, and nearly all the principal measures I had promised you I would " support. Gentlemen under those cir- cumstances could I honestly and cou- " scicutiously oppose that Government ? I could not,, and I felt bound in all " fairness to give that Ministry a generous " support. (Cheers.) It gave me much " thought and anxiety, but I saw the " right course and pursued it." Put it as he may in plain English, he forsook the party with whom he had identified himself, when their downfall seemed ine vitable, and embraced the conquerors as brothers. No donbt a sudden conversion may be an honest one, but when it is followed by a reconversion, the a flail- begins to look at least suspicious. In any event, it is better to have a man, who. if he does not stick to his will as easily relinquish his seat. 