STRANGERS AND PILGRIMS. . BT Miss UHADDON. > J I BOOK SECOND.-CuAPTEri IV. (COVTWUED.) .1 IF ono has not what ono loves, ono must love what, one has, Bald tho old woman, flinging back hor flowing raven looks with a sigh of resignation. " Wo'vo sold all tho tlokets, and that's a grand point, and wo shall hnvo nt least a hundred pounds for tho widows-odious snuffy old creatures, I <hu°o say, mid not worth half tho troüblo wo nro taking for thom 1 A thousand timuka, major, for your exertions in Tyhurnia, and to you, Lord Paulyn, for your labours nt Tattersall^. I really think wo shall ranko a success. ' Bliss Luttrell is a magnificent Wofflngton." . . " Egad, sho'd bo magnificent in any thing," said tho Viscount', rapturously. - " I always think, ii there over was such e. porson as Holon, aho must havo boen like Elisabeth Luttroll. Silo's sueli nn out-and-out bonuty. Don't you know in Homor, when sha como out on tho ramparts whero tho old mon were sit tir g. though I daroBay they had boon abusing her like old boots bo f oro she showed np, tho rhomont thoy saw hor they knocked undor, hud thought ten years' was hardly too milch to hnvo paid for tho privilege of looking nt hor. Elizabeth is just that kind of woman. Ita no matter how sho carries on, a man must adore hor." , " I say ditto' to Mr. Burke," »nid tho mnjor. "It's a pity sho should marry ii country parson, isn't it?" asked Mrs. Oinnniars, who hnd boon mode acquainted with Elisabeth's cngagomont hy tho daiusol herself In a momont of confidence. "VFifty to ono agahiBt that innrrlngo over coming off," said tho major ;- ft protty girl always begins With a ilotriinont.il, just to got hor hand in. I dnro say thoso Funning sisters in King Ooorgo's time woro ongogod to somo noody beggars boforo they carno up to London and took tho, town hy storm.. I can't fnnoy Miss Lut- trell settling down to tho goody-goody kind of lifo, with a sniiotimoniou.t fellow in n white ohokor." . ','No, by Jovol'' oricd Lord IPnulyn ; "I can'fancy, any tiling soonor tli ,'i tlmt. But silo's just tho sort of gill to do anything, h. wovor preposterous, If shb oneo sot her mind upon it." . v ,. This was n ir.igniont of confidential tnlk in Mrs. Oluqmar's boudoir,' which at this poriod was littered with 'court : swords,'three cornered hats, flowing peri- wigs, and other suoh paraphernalia,The -important night onmo atlast, in an interval of tropical woathcr, tho thcriiiomotor; at eighty six in tho shade, nil tho greensward in tho parks burned to a dismal tawnoy huo, arid ns a slmooni-hlnstod dosort. ' Heavy, insup- portable woathor, nt willoh Anglo- Indians .And other travollors In distant olimos, from China to Paru, grumbled sorely, doolnrlng that thoy lind oncountorotl nothing'so oppressive ' ns, this sultry English hont in Ilongnl or Japan,, or. Lima or Honolulu, ns tho caso might ho. A.dami>, penetrating heat, ns of a gigantic hot-house. ' London and'hor wido-aprondhig suburbs wrnppod hi- a ' dim shroud of summer mist, palo and Impalpnblo ns tho ghost of some dond-nnd-gono Novem- ber fog, mid nil tho dcnizoim of tho vnsboity visibly dissolving, as in a Turkish hath : threatening woathor, with tho porpotual monaco, of n thundor-Btorm Impend- ing In tho london sky, *' It will bo rather too bnd. If tho storm woro to como to-night," sahl Mrs. Oinqninrs, as sho lennod against tho onihrnsuro of an opon window .languidly, lifter tho last rohoarsal, which hail hoon prolonged to within a couplo of hours of tho performance. Hut I shouldn't nt all wondor If it did. Hark at thoso horri- ble littlo hirds twittering, ns if thoy Woro saying, Oh yes, lt will oomo soon ; it can't koop ult much longer ; I feel lt oomlng. And bow tho laurol lenvos shiver ?" "Vo'vo »old tho tickets," snld tho major, philoso- phically : " tho indigent widows will ho uono tho worsu utr If lt raina bucketfuls all tho ovoning." " Do you think that will roconnjlo moto our play beluga falluro ?" orlod tho Indy, Indignantly. "Aa if thoso snuffy, old things woro tho first consideration I" " But you do lt for their sakes, you know." "For their saltos! Do you suiiposo I pay Madame Fantini unheard-of price* for uiy drussoa for their sakos? I shall die of voxntion if we've any empty benches." " We'd better send a whip round to tho chiba," said Major Bolding. I don't want a herdof men,"oxclahnedtb.o aggrieved manageress ; " I want a brilliant-looking audience those Mnnohostor anil Liverpool women witli their emomlds and diamonds. However, we'd bettor dis porso at onco, and bogin to think of dressing. Two hours is not too much for putting on OOB turnes of that kind. Lizzie, you and I will hove Borne tea and cold chicken in my room, if we cou mnnago to, oat-my mouth is as dry as n furnaco ; aUd as for you, gentlemen, thorcwill bo dinner in half nu hour in Mr. Cinqmurs's study. ' All tho other, rooms aro confiscated to tho intorosts of tho widows." "Aro tho widows to BOO lis. not?"' inquired''Mr. Hartley. " Thoy ought, I think, in order to appreciate tile effort we are making for thom nt its just value. It would bo rather a olovor move, by-tlio-way, a row of old women in blaok boimotü.- Mrs. Oinqmars could paint'to thom when, she' speaks her little epilogue Boliold, kind friouds, tho recipients of your bounty.'" "It will bo quito enough to.speak of .them. And now, gentlomon, if you reully mean to bo dressed by . mino o'clock, you'd botter go to your rooms. Du Ohatelot, be sure you como.to me nt a quarter to niuo to go over your sccnos for the very last time." Du Ohatelot groaned." He was the Triplet of tho piece, and had Boroly toiled, in .his laudable desii-o to reproduco the looks and tones of Mr. "Webster. Ho had oven sacrificed ahandsomo black moustache, which he folt to bo a costly offering, on tho slirino of Art. j It was nine o'olock, and tho Btoim was impouding- I still spreading its dark curtain botwcçn earth and tho Btnrs. Hut it lind not como, and carriego after carriage, tho ohariots of Tybuniia and Ecolostoma, rolled round tho gravel swoop before tho broad portico of tho Honcho. Tho foyer filled rapidly, with a pleasant swirling of silks and satins, n fluttering of illumes, and flashing of jewels, until tho »half dozon rows of luxurious, seats became- n very flower garden, tho brilliant colours of tile more costly sex only agreeably . toned by tho Puritan garb of man. ' - Tile billiard-room had been fitton, tip as nn auditorium, and by a skilful removal of tho vast window which filled one end of tho room, and opened ou the garden, tho apartment had boon oxtended into n temporary shed beyond. This shod, with. gently sloping floor and sunk foot-lights, was tho stago. Tho frame of tho win- dow, wreathed with flowering oreopors, widcli sooinod to havo grown dp after tho fashion of tile famous bean stalk, formed tho proscenium. Tho brilliant light in the auditorium sank geiitly to a semi-darkness, as tho band, hidden in a little off-robin, attaokod tho bverturo to Miisniiio.llo. People had just enough tune to look about them before'the lights wont down-tho women survoying ono another's dresses, thc mon looking about for people they know. . Mrs. Oinq- mars bohold her nudionce through n hole in tho our ?oin, whioh Major Bolding had mada with his ponkiiif o for hor convenience, and was satisfied. ,"Thoy look very:well, don't thoy?" sho asked. " You'd hardly think they woro not tho real thing not hall-marked-only olectro-platod." Mrs. Chovcnix occupied hor fauteuil in a cool and somewhat juvonilo oostumo of pata gray silk and nreophane, with a pink ribbon, and a blonde Mario Stuart oap surmounted with pink marabouts, pink marabouts edging-her fan, pink swan's-down on hor gloves. Her own dress was now and hud cost money, But tho cost thereof was as nothing compared with- tho oxponso of Elizabeth's satin, train and point-laco flounced petticoat, and tho flaxen'wig-whian was to make her look liko ono of tho Lcly beauties in King William's' bed-ahambor at Hampton Court. Yet all this expenditure had tho dóvotod aunt borne without grumbling, or only an occasional faint and plointivo sigh. - . _ If there was sufficient recompenso for this outlay in Elizabeth's triumph, Mrs. Ohovonix received such ru componso without stint. .From tho first moment to tho last of that performance tho girl was triumphant, resplendent with beauty and genius, giving hoi- wholo heart and soul to the magie of tho stage, living, breath- ing, thinking, as Peg Wofilngton. Tho mediocrity of hor sfollow-notors mattorod nothing to her ¿ they upolto tho words they had to speak, so that no hitch nroso in tho stago business, and that was all slio needed to sus- tain tho illusion of the scono. There was passion enough and forco enough in her own soul to have animated a theatre ; thero was an electricity as subtle as tho oleetrioity in tho overcharged atmosphere, a magnetic forco that inspired and exoited, instead of depress- ing. , ' - - ' Mrs. Cinquinrs'rovollcd in tho sentimentalities of Mabel Vano ; rolled her largo oyes and flung about hor superb hair-sho would wear no wig to conceal that natural abundance-to hor honrt's content, and mudo n grocoful littlo lieroino of tho whimpering and whining school. But Elizabeth-was tho very creature ono could fancy Margaret Woffington in her primo-tho generous, rookloss, audacious beauty, proud of lier power over tho hearts of mon, brimming over with lifo and genius, but with unfathomable depth's of tenderness lurking beneath that brilliant surface. * Tyburnin nnd Ecolostonia, nnd^all tho inen about town who formed tho staple of Mr. and Mrs. Cinqmars's sot, applauded with a unanimity that for onco in a way came from tho heart. Thoy felt that this was verily dramatic art,. hardly tho less finished because, it was tho fruit of only'a fortnight's study. Tho actress had pioked up tho technicalities of her part during tlioso studious nights in tho theatre, inspiration and a frosh and ardent lovo of heart had dono tho rest, nnd the im- personation was ns perfect as any amateur porformahco can possibly bo, with nil tim added charm of freshness and sincerity which can hardly1 accompany tho pro- found exporionco of professional training. An actross who had trodden tho benton ground of tho drnmn,'moro or less like a horse in a mill; could suroly never fling herself with such passionate feeling into ono partas this Rirl, to whom tho magic of tho stage was new. Mr. Oinqmars quavôrod and sniffed and snivollcd in tho character of Triplot with an nbjoot senility which would have boen somloin a great-grandfather of ninety, but copied tho stago business with somo dexterity, and won his sharo of applause. Lord Paulyn and Major Bolding woro dressed superbly, and managed to get through their work with credit to themselves and tho stage manageress ; and as coffoo and -Neapolitan icos wore lavishly administered betweon tho nota, without any toll being oxaoted thereupon for tho widows, tho aristocracy of commorco in tho two-guinea fauteuils woro inelinod to -think thoy had received fair viduo for tlioir monoy. As for tho hord> of young men who bloekod tho'baok of tho auditorium, where thero was littlo moro than standing'-room, thoy woro simply in oostasios. Tho girl's beauty and genius together «rod thoir souls. Thoy protested vehemently that she ought to go.on tho stago, that sho would tako the town by storm, and much moro to tho samo offeot, forgetting that tilia llamo which burned so brilliantly to-uight might bo only a motcorio light, and that although a clever young woman,- with an ardent nature, may for onco in her lifo fling horsolf heart and sold into a ntago play, and by a kind of inspiration dispenso with tiro comprehension and oxporiouco that can only como from professional training, lt is no reason BIIO should bo nblo io repeat ljor triumph, mid to go on ropenting it ad libitum. Never again in Elizabeth Luttroll'B oxlstonc'o1 was sho to livo tho doticious lifo of'tho stago, to' I030 tho. sonso of her personality in tho playwrights oroation, to not and think and bo glad and sorry with an imagin- ary cioaturo, tba centro of an imaginary world, . Among tho crowd of whito nook-tios and swallow tailed coats at tito end of tho room, thora was ono gontioman who stood naur tho door, with his back against tho wall, u tall immovable figuro, and who soomod to know nobody. Ho wus tailor by half a hoad than the majority of tho mon standing in tho erowdou »paco behind tho lost' row of seats, and ho was nblo to survey tho stago across tho carefully parted hair of tho gentleman in .front of him. Thia gentleman lind a good doal tc say about Elizaboth Luttrell, to which tho stranger Ustonod intently, with a somewhat .' moody countenance. ?»-. '. " Yes," said tho fopling to his friend, in'- tho iiitorval botweon tho second and third nots-tho strangor had only entered tho room toward tho olose of tho second " yes, it's a great hiatoh for har, of courso : only a country parson's dnughtor, without a. slxponco. oxoopt any. tiling «ho may. get from hor aunt, Mrs. Cliovonix, tho widow, of a rann who, was a bishop, orajiulgo, or something-" '. . - . " Is it a Bottled, thing ?" asked tho othor. , "Of oourso it.is.'' Why,they go every whore togothor I was introduced to her at tho Derby ! ho dravo hor down in lils drog,',with Mrs. Oinqmars to play Propriety,' on thu obscuruni /acere por objcuriiu priuoiplo,-1 sup- lióse. And yauU find -Jura' hero continually, (lancing attondanoo upon Miss . Luttrell; and spooning to an oxtoiit that.is humiliating to ono's sense of manhood," " I didn't think tliat was in Puulyn's lino ; I thought ho wont in for rnco- liorses and prizo .yaohta, and that kind of thing." . . , ,r "Yos; thoro's the'rub. Thin is his first npponraiico in tho diameter of a lovo-slok swain ; and Uko n patient who takes the measles lato in lifo, .ho oxhlbits tho disoaso ia Us inost aggravated form," ' -, " Tliero's not muon in him nt tho host of timos,'" said tho othar, wltii tho nir of ninan whoso own. intollootunl gift« wcro of tho lrjghost ordor, mid who thoroforo sur- veyed mankind from nu altitude. "Do you thiuk she likes him ?" "Do I think nho ls in full possession af her souses?" answered hin Mond, laughing ; " and that hoing1 so, slio would not bo likely to turn up her noso at snob a punition as ho oan glvo hor, Thoro's hardly, a richer man than I'aulyii about tqwiic-uar tho Marquis of Wcstminntor. . Tho love of mbnoy is a lioroditiiry vico in his family, nnd his ancestors have>sornpod and lioardcd from gonorntlou to gonomtion. Ho û ono of tho tow gontlomou who contrive to maka monoy 'on tho turf. Tho book-men lmto him Uko poison. Ho's- a lamb thoy soldom havo the prlvilego of skinning. There ; isn't a dooper oard out ¡ ami I oan't say I envy that . lovoly girl tho lifo Jsho's likely to lend with him when she's his own proporty and ho got» tired of spodning; Eût, for all that, I don't boliovo them's a girl in Lon- don would havo refused him." , Pleasant intelligortco this for tho tall stranger, whoso namo was Malcohn Forde. 