TEA. MEETING AT WODONGA. In order to assist in raising funds for the abolition of the debt on the circuit, a tea meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, Wodouga, on Tuesday evening last % there was a very good attendance, including visitors from Albury, Middle Creek, aud other outlying localities; the residents of Wodonga,especially ladies aud vouug people, also mustered in considerable numbers. Tea and the usual accompaniments having been partaken of, the tables were cleared away, and a public meeting was constituted, Mr. J. J. Cunningham in the chair. The OTAUTMAN, after referring to the object for which the meeting liad been got up, gave a brief outline of the position aud prospects of the church, hinting at there being dark clouds on the horizon, but expressing the hope that the sun would ultimately break through and dispel tliem, and that n period of greater prosperity would arise. The 15CV. CH.USI.KU LAM; treated of giving to the cause of God, a duty which he said was strongly inculcated in both old aud new testaments. In the former, continual rcfcn'ucc was made to the subject, aud he thought they could not do butter than go back to the grand old book, and adopting it as their standard, follow up the system of giving tithes of all they possessed to God. It was customary, be said, far speakers to express their pleasure at being present at such gatherings, and adoptiug the usual phraseology, he would say that he was glad to be there that evening ; he would go farther, aud say that- lie was proud to be a Wcsleyau Methodist. Some people affected to look down on Wesleyan Methodists, as if they were mean crawling thing*, lliat ought to grovel in the dust before their selfstyled superiors. He did not think so, however, nor was lie singular iu his opinions. The great Thomas Binncy—and be called him great because he was a natural man, and a lover of the young—had said in his hearing that Wesleyan Methodism was the greatest ecclesiastical institution iu the world, lie quite agreed with the ttev. Mr. Binuey, not for the reason that he was antagonistic to other denominations—lie was liberal enough to take in all the world aud a little more—but, because, he considered that the Wesleyan organisation in its theory and working was the best, .lolin Wesley was a good legislator. Before founding the organisation that bad. become known by his name, be looked round at the other ecclesiastical institutions, and determined to have the best. He looked at the Church of England,and from it took the monarchical element; at the Congregatioualists, aud from them drew the aristocratic clement; at the Presbyterians, and adopted the democratic element; all that was best in the three churches he welded into a grand liamonions whole, and succeeded in forming the greatest ecclesiastical institution of Great Britain, it might be said of the world. The speaker here referred to the fact of his having been brought up where the earlier Weslcyans saw the light, and saiil lliat it liad been alleged by some that Susannah Wesley was the former of Wcsleyauisin. Giving all honor to that noble woman for liaving consecrated her children to the causc of God, the truth was that John Wesley liad not been HO much under her influence as under that of his father, whose example and precepts had actcd as a powerful stimulus in leading him into tliat career which he so nobly carried out. But the elements of Wesleyauisin were at work long before John Wesley saw the light. His great grandfather might be said to have been the former of Wesleyanlsm. He it was who, having preached the Gospel of Christ to men clad ill leathern doublets by the seashore, when brought before the bishop for having m far travelled out of the beaten track, exclaimed" the world is my parish." Wesley's grandfather wore himself out, and died on old man at the age of 35 years, by his zeal in the work of his master. Iu Samuel Wesley, bis father, the missionary spirit was strongly developed; he intended time after time to go to Georgia, to carry the glad tidings of salvation to the poor wrctehes on the plantations, but his family of nineteen children prevented him from getting the means for carrying out bis intentions. John Wesley had, however, accomplished a grand and noble work, and he was proud to say that the benefits of Wcsleyanism Wore being realised more than ever It was not their object to spread the " ism," but to , preach Jesus Christ and him crucified, aud in carry- .' tug put their mission they were friends to all and ,;ci)^ieB to none. If they fought, it was not for the fighting, but to spread scriptural truth '•''•"-"-a 1 'he land, and to advance the spread of powlcdge amongst every class. Wes- " 1,shown, and was still showing to the • Was consecrated for a great and alor- Jt^ lead souls on high to the happy laud LMjuse,) Bef. «T. ftowisKTHWAiTi! next addressed the jjjpa&gMs; a topic the nobility of life. No- & i^Mcpred on life, he said, by liaving some nui»QW gunning through it. Some people («a a xveary dream that they, could not piKeued frorn, or as a march through a Siess, and longed for the journey to be jHope, Others considered tliat nobility itoB in mingling .mjfaslijon's tram,of \ amongst tfo«Mgpnfe» of the land, or jf.'ft continual rojind of pleasure and csucb lives were not truly noble% neither nityiof lifts bounded by circumstances, In every life there were the elements of true nobility if properly usal $ equally in the case of the humblest man as with those who attracted the atteutiou of nation*, and whose slightest words were eagerly gathered up. Wellington going on his last campaign to decide the fate of Europe, might be regarded as an example of the nobility of life, but there was nota •ingle life which had not equal nobility with that of Wellington, if it. were devoted to the highest purpose of which it was capable. It was thought a groat thing for players when they attracted the attention of royalty, but there was no life to humble that escaped* the notice of one to whom monarch* were as nothing, the more reason therefore why they should play their parts worthily on life's stage. The groat Napoleon when addressing his soldiers before the battle of the Pyramids was fought, said in accents that thrilled through thousands," Soldiers the {eyes of forty ccnturtes arc upon you." The sentiment was grand and moved to heroic deeds; in like manner should the knowledge that the eye of lleaveu is upon every man lead to the living of lives noble and pure, livery life was noble that had a grand purpose to serve. The mere presence of a strong commanding influence running through a whole life gave dignity to that life. There was something grand in the sight of a man pursuing his purpose through good and through evil report; gathering fresh impulse from every obstacle, and fresh energy from every delay, until he liad obtained that on which bis mind liad been set. Much, however, depended on the purpose in view. If self was the u bject it shrivelled up the dignity, and detracted from the nobility, but the dignity shone out in all iu lustre, where the good of others was sought to be achieved. No better tcacliiug could be found for youth than reading the lives of great men, and carefully watching their career from the opening to the close. Let litem take Hannibal for example. Sec him as a boy at the altar, swearing eternal enmity to the foes of bis country, and follow in his steps until lie scaled the snowy Alps with his army, aud stood a victor before the gates of lioiuc. That was a grand life. But peace had its victories as well as war; greater victories, as the ambition of conquerors marred the dignity of their characters. For it was not only necessary to liave a purpose, but it was essential that it thouldbe a right purpose,and if that, purpose was the glory of God and the good of huniauity, no man need fear to achieve success. He bad in his mind's eye those two great men, Wilberforce aud Clarkson, who had carried their purpose—the abolition of slavery—the removal of the foulest blot from Britaiu's escutcheon, in spite of sill the opposition that vested interests could raise aud the employment of the cowardly weapons of malice, obloquy, aud slander against them. The names of these men lived when those of most of their contemporaries were forgotten, because of the grand and noble work they had taken iu liand, and faithfully carried out. An earnest appeal was made by the rev. gentleman to the young persons present to emulate the example set* by Wilbcrforce and Clarkson and other great men. Let them, he said, have a purpose iu their lives, a good and noble purpose, from which no obstable could deter them. In this country there were ample opportunities for doing good work. It might be their lot to go to localities where no church existed, but instead of falling into habits of indifference as was too often the case, they ought to endeavor to form a churcli, and not desist from the work until the purpose WHS carried out. By that weans they would show true nobility in their lives, as the grandest purpose of every life was that of serving God. For those who did their work faithfully aud well revelation had promised greater rewards than earthly mouarchs could bestow, and be trutsed they would all strive to attain the promised rewards by serving God, and obeying his precepts. The Uev. B. BITTOIIKRS, B.A., said tliat the previous speaker had dealt ably with the subject of nobility of life, he evidently being a believer in the statement of the poet that the proper study of mankind is man. It was a noble thing that man should live for a purpose ; in fact it was the great distillguisliiug feature between humanity and the brute creation that man acted on principle. Investigation proved, however, that men did not altogether act up to their principles, be these principles good or be they bad. Take the case of the most atheistical wretch that ever lived, it would be found that there were moments in his life when be had glimpses of something brighter aud fairer than the blasphemous opinions which he professed ; that there were rifts in the clouds or darkness that overshadowed him, brought about it might be by the recollections of cliildhood, or the affections of those dear ta him, when his heart yearned for something higher aud holier than the wretched doctrines with which he had attempted to satisfy himself. There were memories in the heart of every mau whicli years of sin could neither stifle nor efface. Men who secretly scoffed at virtue, and made evil their good, upheld virtue in public because they could not staud in the face of their fellow men, aud say tliat which they were cowards enough to say in private. Men who were not afraid to deny God to his face in the light of day, trembled at the thought of a ghost at midnight ; others brave enough on dry laud, shook with apprehension when exposed to the perils of the deep, and saw the majesty of God revealed in the storm. Such men as Byron, Shelley, aud Voluey, Here brave enough in prosperity,"but they sank on their knees as soon as adversity touched them. In every case man still retained some trace of liis original nobility; man was still a temple, although a temple ruined, defaced, and sometimes polluted. If men were ofteu better thau their principles, on the other hand, those who professed good principles did not always act up to thcin. This was an allegation often made against professors of religion, but he thought, to adopt legal phraseology, a plea of mitigation might be put in. It was not altogether strange tliat men should not always act up to their principles when there were so many counteracting influences, and if ministers did not always reach the liigh standard that congregations expected, they must consider tliat they were men like themselves, liable to the same frailties, and subject to the same infirmities as others were. Allowance would be made for the shortcomings of preachers if people were aware of the harassing cares that beset them, aud the sorrows that bore down the ambassadors of Christ, lie might say if it was not for the hope that the Lord God reigneth,and tliat there was a bright feature yet Jn store, he would at oncc withdraw,from the raiik^ of the ministry. But tlicy must not be too depreciatory any more than too laudatoiy; tlicy liad ho more right to drive themselves to despair than to be over-exultant, but should endeavor to strike theliappy mean. Although the work of the circuit hud been done under groat difficulty, yet uoble things had been done. V^en In Melbourne, receutly, ncliaA tokeuihe ty^ptO compare the amount raised by one of the wealthiest congregations there with what had been done in the circuit , and he found that whilst the contributions iu the former averaged one penny per head, in the latter thcvnvcragcd threepence. That showed tliat the hearts of the ixsoplc were in the work, and that someaniongst them had done noble things. Uc hoped in future that there would be a greater disposition on the part of everyone to bear their share of the buiden, not leaving it to a few, but by widening the area to carry out the work more efficiently without calling on anyone to bear more than their share of the heat and burden of the day. All who attended on the ordinances of religion ; who believed in God and in immortality; who believed tliat religion was a good thing for the people and for the State, ought to give practical proof of their belief by contributing towards the support of religion. There was not a man present, he would venture to say, who would rejoice to sec thcclmrchcs levelled, and the Sabbath abolished. But. they ought to be consistent and support religion ; they ought to support those who had consecrated themselves to the work. For himself and his fellow workers he could say they had nothing to gain. Xo man entered the Wesleyan ministry in the expectation of being able to lead a lazv life, or of accumulating wealth, but they expected to live by their work, and congregations ought to recognise that just exportation by doing all in their power to prevent their ministers being subjected to harassing cares. During the evening, several selections of sacred music were given by the choir, in very good style, solos and duets were" also sung in such manner as to call forth the hearty plaudits of the audience. The singing of a hymn brought the proceedings to a close. 