THE GARDEN AND THIS FIELD. INSUU» of our usual article under this heading, we submit lo our country readers the following'- useful information on llie culture and preparation of arrow- root from the Town and Country Journal. There can be little doubt that arrowroot would provo a profitable crop to the farmer here, and as the season for har- vesting and preparing it is near at hand, we think it is a fitting lime to offer a few remarks concerning its culture and pre- paration in this colony. The culture of arrowroot for home use has, within a comparatively short time past, become pretty general amongst the settlers in a lew districts of New .South Wales, the kind introduced being that known as llie purple arrowroot. Tile plant is known in botany as Canna edulis, and il is a member of thc same natural order as the plant which produces llie true West Indian powder, namely, Marantaceaj, or Mannus. Maranla «arundinacca, llie true arrowroot, has been tried in many .Syd- ney gardens ; but it has never succeeded so as to encourage the Itope that it can ever be so acclimated as lo make its culture advantageous. The Canna, how- ever, thrives well in that colony, and forms a very good substituto, but in the colony ol" (Queensland the more noted West Indian variety can be as advan- tageously grown. The yield from Canna edulis is enormous as compared with that of thc true arrowroot. As far south as Gipps Land in Victoria, as slated by Haren Von Mueller, tm Ole authority of the Rev. Mr. Karelian!, of tile Gipps Land Aboriginal Mission Station, 220 lbs. of the powder was obtained from one-eighth of an acre, or at the rate of 17Ú0 lbs. lier arre. In good seasons, snell as the one now nearly past, the yield must in many cases con- siderably exceed the rale of a ton to the acre. When it is considered thal the culture is of thc easiest nature, Ibc cost of which «ill not exceed that of maize, and that .soil, loo poor lo give the ghost of a chance lo cither maize or other grain crops, will answer for it, the culture ought to recommend itself lo every «ne. In ordinary lind and a good season one ton of arrowroot may be advanced lo the stage suitol for harvesting al a cost, not considering rent of land, of »ot («oi e than 40s., supposing the value of a ton to lté £25, and it would he worth a inucii larger sum if carefully manipulated, a largo margin for crushing, washing, ive, would he left. We -believe that less limn jC$ would pay for all this, including harvesting. Ami more especially in cases such as arc common, where families are growing up in a state of partial idle- ness merely for want of culture to fill up waste time. The digging up, washing, bruising, and all the processes necessary > to produce the article in a marketable condition are as simple as the culture. ; So simple are they that il seems almost a work of superorogation lo suggest means for that purpose. However, as many are unaware of the simplicity of prepara- tion we shall offer a few suggestions. First, the roots are to be dug up. For this purpose, if the (juantily is large, so as lo make it worth getting a special tool, an instrument like a dock-weeder would be useful, lt consists of an iron blade of two prongs, fixed in a handle like thal of a spade, bul stronger ; hav- ing a curved piece of iron al the back to serve as a fulcrum, or a projecting knob I will answer the purpose. With this instrument the stool or mass of.roots of each hill is first loosened at two or three points of the circumference ; and then inserting the prongs as far under the mass as possible, prize out thc whole. The next operation is washing. This may bc done by hand if the ipiantily be small ; or if large, a wooden cylinder made so as to contain a quantity of . tubers should be used. The cylinder ! may bc constructed of ordinary battens ¡ hooped round and fastened to strong 1 end supports. Thc battens should be j at a little distance from each other. The cylinder should be placed so as lo ¡ revolve in water. If it could be placed in a running stream and made lo revolve | there, it would be convenient and effec- j live. J t is of the utmost importance that every particle of clay or other earth : should be removed bv washiiiL'. ' After washing, when thc cana edulis is grown, the outside purple skin should be removed, a wooden or bone knife should be used, in preference lo iron, for this purpose, lt may be men- tioned here that m all operations which necessitate the contact of tools or machinery with the starch, iron should be avoided, not because il really injures its quality, bul because it would give it a yellowish tinge, which is objectionable when marketed. When this outer skin is removed, the tubers should be again submitted to a dip in clean water, to further ensure the thorough removal of earthy particles. The fibrous roots should be cul or pulled off at thc same time as the skin. The roots should then be crushed or bruised into a mummy or pulp, and thrown into clean waler contained in a large wooden tub or val. The crushing is performed by beating in a large woollen mortar or though, with a wooden pestle made for the purpose. The pulp is then well stirred and llie milky mass is then strained through a hair suive, the fibrous portion being well squeezed to secure every drop of the milky fluid. The straining should be repealed two or three limes, using clean waler each lime, and the straining should be through a coarser sieve at the first than at the last. When this has been done, allow the starch and water to stand a time to settle at the bottom of the vat ; then draw off the clean water. Thc powder will be found deposited in a solid mass al the bottom of the vat or tub. lt must then be placed on sheets or boards thinly spread, and placed in the sun, covered nilli gauze to keep out dust and insects. It must be placed under cover at night, or if it should rain, lt will dry in one or two bright days. And then il may be stored away for usc or sale. The Tahitians after washing, grate down the tubers instead of beating them. For this purpose they make a grater thus : A board is hewn from a tree so that one end of thc board is curved downward. On the curved portion a flattened roughstone (of coral rock ) is 1 fixed. Tile operator sits astride the board which is placed on legs like a ¡ stool, and nibs the root on the stone, ¡ the pulp falling into a wooden bowl j placed beneath the curved end. Siring made from cocoanut fibre is sometimes wound round the depressed end of the grating stool instead of the stone, for grating the roots upon. Most of our settlers use iron graters, made by punching holes, as for a nutmeg grater in sheet iron, usually an old nail can. Probably they may get a wrinkle from the stool and the siring grater. I Steam or horse-power could easily bc ' made available to economise labour ; and then no crop that we know of would pay better than arrowroot. Land that is not worth cultivating for any crop that is now known to our husbandry, might be utilized at a profit of from ^15 to ¿£25 per acre. And it is believed thal the culture of Canna edulis, or Marama aiundinacea ameliorates the soi!, and leaves it in an improved condition as it effects oilier cultures. Wc hope no apology is necessary for treating the subject in thc simple way we have done. Purposely we have refrained from large ideas, preferring to write for the help of the more humbler class of settlers, to whom cultures of this nature on a small scale would be a boon of inestimable value, both in a ' moral and material aspect ; and, so, to the colony as a whole. 1 