The Advertiser. MONADY, OCTOBER 12, 1874. The observations which we recently pub- <*> lished on the state of the South Aus- <*> tralian Institute and Museum have just received ample confirmation from the Board of Governor* of that establish ment. The report for the year 1874-5 (.iy 1873-4) which will be presented to \- the subscribers at the meeting fixed for to-day is before us. It is .attar long, and not specially interesting, being composed mainly of lists <of donaiioru to the library, tables of pupils' attendance at classes, 4c, which very few will care to. read. The substantial importance which it possesses is comprised in the fiat paragraph of the first page, because it proves dearly that between the Go vernors of the Institute and the Govern , meat there «xisu no harmony at aIL Sbt, indeed, that they are at open tend, hat tfiat the. Institute is treated by the Government with a syste matic neglect which appears to *atop -little short of conjpnpt, and this the Governors of the Institute evidently feeL The£rstpartof their report is a formal complaint to the public against the false position they are compelled to occupy. The pflly point which is surprising in looking at jt, is that the Governor* speakso mildly about it. They remark that they j bad been led to believe that the £3,090 voted for the enlargementof the existing Institute premises would have been im wedjately made m of, and that they were! justified in expecting that by the pre sent time some considerable progress would have been made with the new building. -As affairs stand at pre sent, it seems that they have no more notion of the time when the additions will be begun than they have had for the last ten yean. They complain with justice of the unsatisfactory way in which the in terests entrusted to them have been shelved, and regret that there is scarcely any piobability of anything further being done for the next 15 months. The library and Museum are becoming daily more in convenient from overcrowding, there is an ufter wan£ of accommodation for the Sopjety of Arts, &c.;, and they say that these matters are becoming year by yew more serious. The most hurried visit to the Institute and the most cursory glance round its vary ill-arranged apartments will amply confirm this. In the part called the Museum there is seanely space for three persons to pass each other; in the reading-room things are nearly as bad; and as for the library, the less said about it the better. For this it is clear no blame can be cast upon the Governors. She te"M '. n£ is not theirs, and although they have charge of it, they have neither the power nor the means to do anything with it, even for tht preservation of the i property it ooataint. The Institute m a public tuMertaking appeara in moat paito fal contrast to the;Bijtanical Oardeoa. The former is not creditable to South' Australia in any view of its circumstances; the latter is not only a source of pride to the colony, but of wonder and admira tion to all strangers who visit cur shores. Why is this? Because in the case of the Botanic Gardens the means have been proportioned to the end. The Committee is composed of persons who are more fer less interested in or acquainted with horticulture and agriculture, and who give an intelligent support to the able and indefatigable officer who has the immediate charge of the Gardens. The Committee, moreover, possess consider able Parliamentary Influence, and are thus able to protect their own position' from being rendered either invidious or absurd, by the indifference of the Execu tive in supplying their requirements. The Board of Governors is in a different position, and whetever Parliamentary interest some of its members may have possessed, it is clear that it has not been of much advantage to the Institute. As a foundation for the encourage ment of education it is a failure. From want of suitable organization, means, or some otker cause, it has not commanded tbe confidence of Chose fur whose advancement it was intended, and this is fofiy prored by the state of the classes which were formerly established in connection with it. The music claw is defunct, because the instructor has left Adelaide, and there is no room available for the use of a successor. The mathe matical class died a natural death, though an attempt to revive it is now being made. ■ The classical professorship is va cant, and will not be filled up, because the University Association is allowed the use.of the room formerly devoted to the •tady of Greek, Latin, and English, although that Association has no proper connection with the Institute.. The German and French classes conjoined cannot show an average attendance of move than 10 pupils. The drawing class under the Society of Arts shows ainonfhly increase of 33| against t7| for the last ' fear, but even in this branch of study the chiljing influence of*' neglect displays itself. Theie .can be no exhibition, no competition for priEss, or Art Union dis tribution this year, because there is no room in the Institute for the Society, and Mr. I Hill further reports that there are.no superior examples for the pupils to study from. Allhecandoisto ><hopetheGovern- " nuant may see the necessity of supplying " them." It may be consoling to know that bo#e is not expensive, otherwise this branch of the Institute might lie com pelled to lire for a long time without it. The report of tke Curator of the Mas?um oan only hup upon the same atirtg as all the rest, fie has plenty of for a respectable Museum, but neither means nor accommodation for mairjnfc- proper use of them. Bfi has tnade- .arrangements for valuable' ex changes from other Mu?Sums, bat he onlyjanticipates—he does not Tiope—that the jGoyernment rnriH soon "afford the " means of carrying out an object so " desirable." He tells us thai .many persons have offered valuable vpeeuMSns " whenever the Garernment wOl provide V a suitable Unsewn for thatr recaption.'' W« 4r*«lra«t Tie will have long to wait for then. ./A* usual?list of .contributor* to <be Hiuntun is publkhed, but in view of what the Curator saya, this publication is likely to Mt ti • diacottragemeiit to them, because it is not likely that they will malm farther gifts to the Government when they learn "how Ifttie their donations ■are appreciated. Altogether a more dis heartening document tiian this report has seldom beenprintod. We do not attribute rnistnanagnment or neglect to those who govern the affairs of the Institute, No1 doubt they nave done the beat possible with 'the means At their disposal. She working is, however, satmfactorj1 to none, of tb>s? engagwd in it! It thai beoomes* serio*s question whether it wdnld n6t be desirable torftepnajderitsorgaTiirttinfl asa whoW, so that if the Governors are obliged to attempt less than they have hitherto Mt justified in attempting, they anay be abjfl fco achieve that "less" with solid advantage to the public md •omeaatis factioh'to themselves. It is most unfair to1 the genUemen who give their time to the affairs of an institution having bo wide ' a* scope as those of our Institute to find * that their efforts to make it what it should be are persistently neutralised. It is no less on just to such a colony as this to reduce its principal Institute below the position of that of an Institute in an obscure English country town. It is neither a prudent nor a popular course of action for a Government to spend on. the one hand' about £3,0Q0 •year pro fessedly to encourage liter&tiire;,-j>cienca, and taste, whilst on the other, by means of neglect and parsimony, they hamper the. exertions, and cripple the energies of gentlemen who work hard to promote them, and thus render them unavailing and ridiculous in the eyes of the public. " I wants to make your flesh creep," said hi fat bo; to his old mistress. .X^e.lady was much excited by the ftnnoripoft ment, "bat yielded, after all, very readily to be horrified. There is indeed a strange delicious thrill to be enjoyed in hearing a thoroughly marvellous story, which few can deny themselves; so any one who offers us an article of the kind never fails to find eager listeners ; espe cially a good ghost storj. How well we remember the time when a long winter evening would fit by like a shadow, owing to our absorbed attention to a* feast of such, horrors; who that has felt it can forget the delirious haste with which an unlucky boy scrambled into bed, when it had fallen to him to put out the candle! At that time, no doubt, it was generally understood that nobody any longer be lieved in ghosts; at least everybody who laid claim to uncommon sense, denounced the supernatural as nonsense ; yet some of the funniest stories of the time had, for point, the alarm of the swaggering Sadducee who came face to face with a ghost. It was rare to find cool ness like that of the old doctor of the 93rd Regiment, who, meeting a splendidly got up swell of a ghost, hiccupped out, " Dear me ! Is it the general resurrection, or are ye just taking a daunder (saunter) by yourael' ?" Free thinkers, at any rate, would as soon have taken their turn to pray in a prayer meeting as have confessed a belief in any spirits, except those which lay in cask or bottle. Yet the world was not without its world of wonders even then. Mes merism was widely published, and belief in it confessed with greater or leas hesita tion. It is now, by the way, just a cen tury since Mesmer came to Paris with his wonderful plates and tods. Neither doc trilie nor practice was his own invention, ffaoagh they got their modern name from him; his teacher, Father Hell (curious name), Jesuit, and Professor of Astronomy in Vienna, had long been famous for magnetic" cures, and was the last of a long line of quacks, extending back at least to Paracelsus. Meaner, however, •was a born charlatan, and made a famous name and a very good income by his secret, till the Academy condemned the whole as imposture; and even then he was able to wind np his affairs by selling his secret at 100 lonia each time, from whioh he netted 340,000 francs, with which to enjoy ease and dignity at Geneva. ' It would be an interesting study to pass in review the doitig? of his disciples, Maineduc, De Lontherbonrg, Perkins, DePuysegur, De Barberin, Faria Du potet, and Elli.itson ; and to recal to mind the credulity with which each was welcomed, down to Beichenbach with his new Force, OD. In scientific circles mesmerism was snuffed cut by the articles in the "Lancet" of 1845, by Dr. C. R. Hall, but it haa follower* to this day ; and its bright little babe, clairvoyance (known of old in Scotland as second sight—see Defoe's " Memoir of Duncan Campbell"), became perhaps the mother, at any rate the big sister, of the great mystery of our own time, Spiritism. Ghost stories came into vogue again, and as happens in every madness whioh makes nations crazy, obscure doctors, cracked parsons, and briefless lawyers, hurried to distinguish themselves as ardent parti sans of the new religion. Mrs. Crowe's "Night-side of Nature," raw-head-and bloody-bones pure and simple, sold immensely, and Bulwer's " Strange Story" and its yet more terrible (because short) avant-courier, "The Haunters and the Haunted," in Blackwood of 1859, were flanked and followed by a Bedtan of horribles, which pot old Gianni and Baxter quite out of sight. Oahagnet and the Beeress of Prevorts, with the clairvoyants, who took us into the spirit world, were not half so fascinating as Miss Fox and Judge Edmonds, who brought the spirits out among us. It was fortunate for Spiritism that it was bom in America, where no belief, however outrageous, once horn, need die for want of nursing. It was taken up with eager aflection, and fostered into a portentous development, so that it was able to devour, like Aaron's serpent, all the religions and philosophies round about it, wherever it got admission. Its progress has been remarkable. It is just a quarter of a century since Miss Fox's toes began cracking, and now we are assured there are tome ten minions avowed spiritists in the United Stain. •They an numerous elsewhere, too—fifty "thousand .in Paris, ten thousand in Lyons, and in Britain enough to sup port four periodicals devoted solely to their belief, one of these boasting a circu lation of 6,oooweekly. Therearegreatnum bers, more or less avowed, in Melbourne, and they are making vigorous efforts at proselytising in Sydney, as we see from a lecture by tht Rev. A. Webb, whioh has just reached us. If we- listen-to the spiritists, we can Jhat%r comprehend where we have got *o*s no ghost story ever- ventured on wtth audacious, and yet pMoic.jnarvels. We are told that aprnbj answer when they are questioned, and sometimes, in a. fit of garrulity, zap away whea no one wants them; that big tables dance the Highland fling, bells and flowerpots flutter about like btrtter flies, solid men and -women float about in the air over people's heads, and cold damp hands, like dead shirk's fias, come in £he dark, ftntdling ladies' cheeks, and tickling girls under the chin. Ac oordioni flit about, playing Yankee Doodle or B«le Britannia, all out of their own insides, nobody <for a spirit is no body) muddling with them. Fire does not bum the spiritists, nor water drown them, hemp cannot hind them—Whether it would hang them we have not learned. Last mail's papers brough.t us reports of wonders in the rope-took line, far sur passing those of the Davenport's, wrought in the Crystal Salace by a Miss Fay. But now, what nave these ghosts come to tell us? Daring all'these 25 yean what one valuable orade have they given in science, philosophy, or religion ? They talk much—they gush with talk ; but we folly agree with Professor Huxley, who says he' would as soon listen to the gossip of a coterie of old women, or the twaddle of curates in a dull cathedral town, as take insplaeelnaseanoe. All that Dr. Wallace, their defender, has to reply to Professor Huxley -is, Oat the people were mostly fools and liars while th,ey lived, and are none the better fqr being dead, ao that •nothing but nasty twaddle need be ex pected from them. If that be the case, why spend fifty to a hundred nights in the yqar waiting for their drivel ? If they be spirits of dead fools who talk, the spiritists lose mush valuable time to gain nothing, for there be living fools enough to vex us ; and we refusing to listen, if we gain nothing we lose nothing, while, if we be right, whether we conclude that erH |spirita are playing with'them, or that they are befooling themselves, in either case they are mach to be pitied, and blamed .as welL It avails nothing to parade before us illustrious converts. We freely allow that Hare, and Mapes, and De Morgan,' Lockhart Robertson, Robert Chambers, Judge Edmonds, Robert Dale Owen, Lexton, and Alfred WaUam himself have names widely and deservedly honored; But, for all that, nothing has been gained to the world through spiritism, and the rank and file of the believers are such muddy-brained gawpuses, that we desire neither their fellowship nor the fellowship of their rascally ghosts. Long may South Aus tralia be free from the whole crew ! Owing to more important matters re quiring our attention, we have not hither to had an opportunity of dealing with the extraordinary report presented by the Town Clerk to the City Council on Tues day last. The report is a coarse, violent, and silly attack upon our contemporary, which we see he has answered. Vfs do not intend interposing in the quarrel between the Town Clerk and the EegitUr. TJiey may fight it out. But we wish to call attention to the bad habit which the Town Clerk has acquired of volunteering uncalled for reports to the Council, and getting (hem adopted, by ihjrt responsible l?qdy. We could easily underxtandf how a man of calm, judicial mind in such a position as that qf Town Clerk—a ger manent oft}oar to a.n elective and a shift; ing Gorporation-*mightbeof the greatest use as a general adviser and executive officer. He is familiar with all the business and working of the Counoil, and his advice whan required would b«. of great value. Bat a weak officer in BUch a position, with a : penchant for writing flabby and " high falutin" reports, who eeems to think that scream ing is winging ami using strong words is the same as using strong arguments, may do a great deal of mischief. We believe Mr. Worsnop is a good officer on the whole, with a large amount of experience in the working of Corpora tion affairs, and that he earns the not very immoderate pay he receives; but he does not shine in original composi tion, and if he would disabuse his mind of the illusion under which he labors that if the Council require a slawhiiig report, he is the man to write dne, and if he would also admit the fact to himself that his duty to the Corporation and the City does not lay him under obligation to volunteer his opinion on all possible subjects and on all possible occasions, he would have a truer notion of his actual position. We say this altogether apart from the special subject of dispute be tween Mr. Worsnop and the Register. The Register may have misapprehended some points and misstated others. But in that case it could have been cor rected without imputing the most cor rupt motives, in the coarsest and silliest language, as the Town Clerk has done. As citizens we express our regret that the Council should have accepted such a report from the Town Clerk without ex pressing their strongest disapproval of its tone. It is calculated to bring something like contempt on their judgment Mr. Worsnop had a perfect right to point out: where the Register had done the Council injustice, to placetrustworthyfacts?gainst doubtful statements, and to show if it was necessary that right had not been accorded to the Council. Had this been done with judgment and common sense,•' we could have respected the Council for their action. But the .absurd ro domontade of the Town Clerk turns away public attention from the real point at issue and only provokes scora i and laughter. It is a new style in grave official documents, which we trust is not to be followed in the future, or the Ade laide Council will become the laughing ■took of the Australian colonies. Had his report been sent as a letter to the pipen, we should probably have taken no notice of it; but it was laid before the Council as an official document, pub lished as part of the Council's proceed ings, and, we presume, will appear in the minutes; and because it thus has obtained official sanction we enter our protest against it* 