AUSTICALIAN CON FEDERATION. (To TrI[ EmDTORn oa run "MINun's ADVOCATIs") S.zn,-Anastralian confederation is a'sub ject which onghlt td occupy the mind of every pIatriot, i.e. individual, who would like to see this fine countryifitting itself for the assump tion of its proper place among the'natios of the earth. I anm glad to find that some few of thothouglitfnl and intelligent of thes colonies are beginning to give the subject th~at donsiderat.ion, which itd eser'ves. I believe that all are agreed that the pdinciple of con 'federation is right, but thbesysteni on which. that principle should, be carried outn is the question :at issue. Tue Victoriaus and Quicenslanders point' to the old c9lonial machinery of Government with ridioale anid derision. ridloy say .tlat tio Bsysulm «wa contral and' absoluto -in- the higheont degree, thnt while it taxed theon heavily it drained their treasury, .neglected' their lpublio works, that no'local improvements w?'rd made, only tlioso nmade by private individuals out of their own private moans. They say the money was spent :in contral, embellishments," where thlW had neitlor 'sympathy nor. interest. They any that.the componoent parts of theo Govern tint were irresponsibloes, whose measures wvere prejudicial.to the best interests of the country. This, to a certain extent, is, no doublit, true, but it does not prove that tlhe principle of confederation is erroneous ; it only pIoves that it has been faulty in adniinis tration.. Granted that this was the state of afftairs at the time of the secession of Victoria, followed at a lator peoriod by that of Queens land,' lot us borioly ginnco at.the influence this separation has hnd on the affauirs of the two -older· colonies .. 'Victoria was fortunate in obtaining separation just as her gold-fields weroe 'discovered, the richness of those dis coveries quickly gave anl impulse to.her com inerce, drawing inultiudCes to her shores. She was fortnnato in securing among the n!umber many of theo most energetic sons. of both tho old and now world; these, with the splendid prospects opened before thpmn, and the means at their command, were not slow in seizing the advantages offored, and quickly took the lenad in colonial affairs, and have kept it ever since. Victoria adopted a purely responsible form of Government from thbo first, and to this fact she is not a little indobted to her present position, with only a limited terri tory, and for a colony, a comparative large population; her first care was to construct good roads, and at a subsequent period at "rj'?fj P,- I8. 9 t$9 JuW 9f rIwjlWa' to bor 'li ontros of population,. thus rendoie ih' territories accessible and transit and cot mrunicn:.in rp.id. Her prewperitr had a -heck, a reactlion lt inl,.antul was Iproiplly m ezt Ily I-t'Otalloch with i strigetact protective. inaifl, 1\e, ill New Soltll Wales, ridli:nle this ilea; slre, and, as a people, we do nottbeleve in it, bitt it is my opinion we may thnazk God we larVe. lcever Ibeon dllriven to thle ilecessity of thitking nabrnt it. Protcc.ioti to inative in dnstry was the o'y mnesure tlhat could have :saved Victoria from rutinl at that time ;'the conuttry was fall of working people, with no work for lcthem t do, empjloynmeht .miist be fouind, or the people woinhl leave, and the Vic torian Legislatnre well knew that the ilepar tnreo of the ]populal.tion nlcantt thie cleparture'of wealth ; hence l he unl coidrne opetl to theun was the tnxation of all fnoreignn mannfetnred comnmnodities, whnatever raw tmatertials were adlmitted at a compn)nrative low figuie. T'he result was tlhit han licrafts of all descriptions? received an impetus in all dlircections. The wodtinig amd manlltfactnring classes were phlitsedl with ~iliir lirosperity, the pcople lnn?tloimred for l;rotection, what, thonghi they3 w'ere severely taxed, to find themselves en ilnyueiLt, yet it was better than breaking up their !homes anld removi?', they did not know where: This stati of alairts in sonim degree still exists, and has it nto small measnure given risc' to thle imt ricite aLnd unsatisfactory stLate of ai?airs that ex.ist. between thle colonies at the present day. = Though gold was lim's dis covered in New Southtt Wiles, the finds were not so rich assi'ere sunbsi'qentlydiscovered in Victorin: thie tiies ware also scattered ovem In I.trce area of- country, thuns renalering coin n iilnicationl slow and tedious. The fabulous d iscoverias ofher Victorian neighbours drained thel.best of lher popnlation; she also had the imisiforl Ine not to receive nny of those cnergetic spirits already spoken of, who enelred Vic torin, antl/who were such powerful aids in leading thiuat colony on to prosperity. Now Sonth \Vales was also slow in adopting the responsible system of Government; indeed, it cannot be said that she has as yet ever pos scssed a responsible Government, the niembers (of her Uppor Hosiso do not roprcsei?t the people, they aro not elected by them, nor are they responsible to tlihem ; thely are nominocs, pure Ianid simple, and represent only theomselvos and tlheir property. Tho result of all has been that New South' W?ales has nevor boen so impetuous in hel onward career.as Victoria, possessing a largo territory, with only a nimoerically small population; she could always • employ aill her available laibour, and whrile..ter psoplo were oelmployed er rulers were zleft pretty iluclh to their own doricoi, as to how they shoiuld raise a revenue, never going to extremes. She has never suffered any severe" reaction unless inelooed the present crisis in mining affairs mighlt be termed a re action; but if it is nothing near in intensity to that which occurred in Victoria oiiht yearg ago, and to a certain degree still continlles. New South Wales, thoiugh faui hehind Victoria in general progress nndflLegislative enact inents, is yet far before her fin internal pros perity (thlogh I nm boiund'to admit that there aro too manny idlers amongst us at present). 1-er magnificent ha'rbour, "her untold mineral wbalth of all descriptionis, lier fine climate and ri.ch soil only wants energy to place her in first position. Why, the valley of the Hunter ialone exceeds in mineral wealth all the Bal larats and cBndigos over possessed.by Victoria. At the present time our resources admit of our possessiing a frieo tariff, and'thllis placed in op position to Victoria and her protective policv, is, no doubt, produceive of much of the rank ling jealousy and unnitcighbourly fooliue mani befor& noticed. ianLing brichfy ioviewed tno past career of the colonies nnd their prieslit iudihvidual position, lot'us. briefly examine thie relation existing between the two, and their assumed position to each other, and the results likely to be brought abont bytheir preset attitude. Ench of those colonies possesses an individual vice-regal authority, aldvised by responsiblo conncillors, salaried . officers' are . numros; and, as a anntter of course, the people have to pay the piper; indeed, it may be .saiely asseorted that the sniallest Australinni colony. possesses machinery enough to govern the entire group. Ono colony possesses jn extreme protective tariff and its noai neligt hon| is as extremoly freeo, The peollo on their respective borders are put to n'o end of troubleo, anlnoyance, and inconvonience 'in sending their produce to. market. . Onriously enongh the inlhabitant olu the New. South * \Vales side of the .Murray must send their produce to a. Victorian market, or give .up t.heir mqans of making a living. As we think itis patent to all that, under existing cir ministancos, it is impossible for them to seud their wheat, butter, cheese, wine, and fruits lundreds of miles across tlhe country to Sydney, where, purhaps, it is not roeqlireoc VWltilo Melbourne, which'is at tnoqt not over two hundred miles distant,. and connected by rail, is debarred from receiving tho so much needed nccessaries of life by narrow-mindoed, solfish, and loggeorhelded politicians. Ti'ime, troutMo, and exponse has been gone 'to in framing a measure that shall obviate theso evils, but the measure is no sooner onforced thian one of the high contraoting parties allegos he is being swindled by the other; accusations of individual pnarticipt.ion in the tobacco .transaction are thrown out against an individual high in authlority, but for thie honour of ourselves as a conllllunity, we hope that these accusations: are but the offspring of a putty, malicious little mind, and has no foundation on fact. The nmeasure is sploodily Iwept to thoe winds, Custom- houso officials nro g nain strung along t?ei border, whilo rccrimination and abuse is .being bandiod from one Premier to the other. The quarrel, as it no6w stands, is a very petty one, and, to my mind, a very contemonptiblo one. We hanvoe iboard of school boys and old women, whteni charged with double dealing, appealing to thlir friends with, ldid I not say this, and with, did I not say thlat, but nevor until: now a Ihigh Government official.. It may be all very well for thlemo to foment th9 quarrel; they are getting pretty well paid for doing so. Isuppose they are not ignorant of the fnbt tlat, if a confederation existed between the colonies, we should only vant one Premier, one or other would have to be con tent with second fiddle. I am astonised at a portion of the Press which seems to me to be Ielping in tihe fomentation of this quarrel. The Victorian Press spunak of Now South Welshmen and their ghost-seeing Premier as being a slow going, narrow-minded, nnap proointive lot, Sycdney periodicale convoy the ideo t&h; our Yictorian friondl sre n whaut tey'ougit t o.ue ud , . Easpeka oftheri ver«r reandy to an. iinduii advalntge wh?tl; I opprtlnity uJ.hrs; .Thley puint to Lheoriotoj' ,I, .l ncf oi thse m icmbers of' the .Victori' L *gisilnure, ai if any proceedings tlithiflli iHouse could be more contemiptible tlhani nightly exhlbiions withiin the vwails of'l own Legislative Chamber. I.should like . ask my fellow-workelrs what result they thl will follow from this state of affaira ; willFi co'oices riso to that inripolrtLnce nature 1f placed within their .reach, if their presis systclis of Gocvernnment are persisted ' i Let us (take a glance at n few otLior countra. ias examluiles. CanadIa,, until a few years aO Jj Wfas governed utinder the same system ais thl; ctblonies are now, and with tihe prod, o ion.i exactly lthe same results as lre bfegiiiingii Ihe felt here at present. Theo Cuandiail found it to their adlvantilgo to'"co.nfederast veln by thIe almost forcible coercioil of as of the ountlying anid smanller colonies. Canna is a grtud success. She possesses rceiprocir.y treaty with the United bStact whereby she obviates the irksonio annoyaial of collecl.ing border dinties. The Uliite Slates is tilhe grandest example of coiifcdero tion we Ihave on record. And though, it ,r'i the custom amongst some of us to ridicull; Ainerican institutions of whatever kinid, yei: the Almerictens have achieveld wliat 'we ai: aim at.--natralgreatness. Confetleiation he;i made thio'United States a great and successfifi lpower, and liher central and local lipower is .s evenly balanced, that California, ielrlv thirc!i tllousi;id miles distrnt froni it capital, is d.i well iocslly governod arid receivesB Ut nmuci' central protection as the district of Colutusibi itsefi . Another example of confederatioi ii .foInd in New Zealand, buit hero the' fsykiiet ssull'ers from a great draw~back at the. timeo 4, the inanlguration of the New Zealand coloni r .i systemn. The powers that were neglected <'|i place aniy limit'on the number of inlliabitamsisi tlhat slhouldl form a province, tlhe result" w'as thlit every potty little clique anid faction'dec inmadeld a province of their own, and-saddl<'e tlthemselvcs with ' an expensive provinciul''jl goevornmient. " Those small communititos,as' mnay be readily seeo, form a drag on': tl.Ai progress of theo whole. If we .want: n examnplole of our own colonial sy3stem carit-dIt out ini its full integrity, lot us tnltcake th pianish' settlements of South- Amnerica, tlhongh 1 do insult thoe Anglo-,nxon'. race by putting themii on a footing with a "rnce linlf Indian and half Spanish, nor .dol I believe; lowover mnuchl our bor'der duties shhonild distraict us, we shou'd verr. be induced to.cuoti eaech others throats like the South lAm riccin \What I want to look at is the insignificanfc Sof their pretty little republics in comiarilmpl to what they might have been lhnd they been confudtrated. As they areo,.thoy ar niwn -a at war amongst themselves, and, by theia dis unity, as a. power are politically iniio?elu?.:. Ift' Victoria wanta anl ex'inple of protcuiv"iu and nothing but protection, let her look rt Msexio and tremble. exico ntible io isthd best plsot tected country in the worll. With great Intural resoiurces, she is still as poor as Job. T''rno, she hans, to mny knowledge, been con stantly enilroiled in civil wars for thlo last twenty years. '-How, th#, could confederat.Miirhe earried? out' in "the Aunstralian colbnies? Let :.n iniagine that all boundaay: lines -hae; booi. swept away, and that the ?oimtir stanids be?: ftwio us withoiut any political subdiviiions whatever. Supposing, the?i, that the settled portions of the contintent wereo divided into provinces, and these provinces . were tio cos' fderate- for thleir mniutual snupiorf; . no pirn vinee, to be admnitted into the confederacy without possessing a certain specified numbo.r. of inhibitants. I"leo provinces iwould ,bl di- d vided into electoatdes, retourning" a nirf?l?ber to a House of •Represcntativeo?s sit tiig, course, in Sydney or-Mfolbourne. The lpro \'inces would ualt.haie e their owi conneils, seot tlung their own local aftairs, and ]hviaiIIg con, trol -over a certain portion of their own re-d venues. Onie vico-eregal residence would thlo'i:, .saffic for the entire group; a great sun i would be saved from goverliors'.salaries alon i the saving.to the country would be.ilnmense; the machinery of Governmnent would be simn >lified; we should'stand before the World aus. a grand united whole; whatever progress ivwo unde we shonhld make collectively :a:nd, ns .' nation, if any of those great ipolitical changes : yore to take place in Enuropo, and the colo nies be thrown on their own.rosoorces, w " ;hould be in a boetter popitioni to priotcit our selves than if we' wero still disunited anti nd Rshould also get rid of these trohblesl-son a "order duties, and all frivoloies local bicker- :. iilgs. . : . f:, .: , In conclusion, I would crave o:iny follow mmn's aenreful cosidoirntioln of thoe subject I haive cldeavoluod to sh'nlow foitfth ht foolishloss for us. to Iharnboaiu' any projudico" against our Victoriant follbw-colonists, or. them against us. Are we not all of'.no kiun dred and one bIlood. Why should my bri thoF in Victoria not be as good a maoo as I'? No differnce can exist 'whatovor in the alili ties of oither .theo one colony or the other.: Timeo, place, and circutllallnst.alces may alter a feow of their destinies ; but to say that the. natives of the olo nro not as gb?d moentally, physically, and morally, as the other, is ah surd and frivolous. I would also rcmiid my follow-wdrkors that a new goieral olection. will shoi;tly give thotu an opportunity of say ing w?othor..theo presont stato of affairs shall continue or not. I should strolngly adviso tlhem to return 'meon to Parlianment who hava - served tiOemihonlostly in hnumblo capacities. Tihe cry at elqction tinos is for men who. have a stake in. tile cmuntry-meaning.~pr'operty. To my mind the man of property is very oftel?» tlhd worst man to expect liberal mniasure~ from, for it is taxiuig" poor, weak, human. nature too much to expect that they are to pass moasures which they know will become prejuilicial to their own intorosts. Then, why a poor mnd.honest main with a family should not have as great, a stake ic country tas a rich landed proprietor puzzles me. £ should think tihat.qion who hano ideontifict thirnselvos with our cause, and have provel .thomselves honest in their. several relations to us, ought, as a natural squolncu, to recoive our s!pport. We ought, however, to have a political creed of a few anrtiles, which shonld be incumbont on them to subscribe to, two or throo of which aro-'Theo confdoration of the Australian colonies, the palymlent of membera of Parliiament, the adoption of a puirly eculanr system of education, the ibolitlo nomineeism, and of course, the p good colliery vonttatloid b 