" RTTI7AT.TSM " (to tub editok 'op the wallaboo times.) Sir,—The Rev. C. G". TapHn, in a courteous letter in your issue of the 2nd inst. charac terises my statement:—" It was an assertion on the part of the priest that without his me diation there could be no salvation "■— as "an absurd exaggeration, containing about three grains of truth toiseven(of error." I should be glad to believe that Mr Taplin is right and that I%m wrong, but tlPe following quotations will show, whatever may be his own private opinion, that I have pot misre presented the Ritualists. " The Spiritual ability thus given by ordi nation to the priesthood may be said gener ally to be such as to enable the priest (I) to offer sacrifice to God; (2) to administer grace to men. Under the first bead are to be taken in the offering of the Eucharistic Sac rifice ; of all alms and oblations offered upon God's alter. .... Under the second head are to be comprehended the administra' tion of the thus ordered Eucharist; all words and acts of blessing; ail words and acts of absolution or remission of sins." (House hold Theology, J. EL. Blunt ]MLA.1I?.S.A.) " The gift of the Holy Ghost has been pre served in the world solely by means of the Episcopal succession; and to seek Commun ion with Christ by any other channel is to at tempt an impossibility,'' (Preface to Froude's Remains.) "It is only this (apostolical succession) that can five any security that the ministration of the Word and Sacraments shall be effec tual to the caving of souls," (Tract for the Times xxxv.) " Reason and self will lead men into the new (ways); and they ask with Naaraan, " are not the waters of Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel?" and, like Naaman, tbey must turn from their own way; they must go to the successors of the apostles, and be washed in the waters of Baptism, and out of the mysti cal Body and Blood of the Saviour in the Sacrament He Himself ordained; and then like Naaman they will be cleansed," (Church Doctrines proved by the Bible.) <f Under the Christian covenant confession to a priest is appointed as the means of ap proaching God and obtaining of hioa forgive ness of deadly sins. The penitent makes his confession before the priest at the foot of the cross of Christ. The priest prays for him through the precious blood of the Atonement; and in the name of Christ absolves him, and if his repentance be sincere, he is forgiven. The healing, clensing virtue of the precious blood of Jesus, is thus effectually applied to our souls." (The Priest in Absolution.) " It was as though a pardoned criminal would not leave the gaol unless the Queen came herself in person with her crown and sceptre and opened his prison door. No; a pardon, when it was granted, went through a, good many hands before it reached the pri soner, and the officer who ultimately let the man go was the turnkey. Now God had many thousands of turnkeys, only tfcey hap pened to be called priests." (Ritualistic preacher quoted by Dr. Landels.) I could give many more extracts, but these will suffice. Mr Taplin also says:—defer ring to my statement that " this new move ment was drifting towards Romanism' —" I am prepared to deny that Romanism in Eng land profits to any appreciable extent by reason of the so-called Ritualistic movement. J If the testimony of the Ritualists themselves is of any value, the contrary is the fact, and j most certainly my owu individual experience j j is confirmative of this view It would be very easy for me to show from the speeches of Lord Shaftesbury, Dean Close, Dr. Ryle and other leaders -among the Evan gelicals, as well as from the utterances of prominent Non-conformists, that whatever Mr Taplin may be prepared to deny and whatever the Ritualistic testimony may be, the great bulk of the English people believe that Ritualism does afford a sliding scale which makes is easy to slip to Popery. As moreover the Ritualists openly repudiate Protestantism, denounce the Reformers, preach the Seven Sacraments, and use the Confessional, it is manifest their tendency is towards Rome; and it is but natural that those who became familiar with* Ritualistic doctrines and practises should prefer tho original Church from which these came, to the modern copy. Erom a pamphlet in my possession I make the following extract to prove that the Trac tarians, from the outset, contemplated re union with Rome. The BritislilCritic, one of the journals of the Oxford party says:—u The task of tho true children of the Catholic Church is to ua protestantise the Church.'' It is necessary," says one of these doctors (Mr Palmer) " to reject entirely and to anathematize the prin ciple of Protestantism, as being that of a heresy willi all its forms, its sects and its de nominations. The Presbyterian Scotland and seceders therefrom, with all Congregation alists, Baptists. Wesleyans, Quakers, and every other sect, are the world in distinction from the Church ; outside of which there is no salvation, seeing salvation comes by in corporation with the Church, and by the sacraments episcopally administered." (Pal mer.) " It is necessary," says another, (Mr Frank,) to hate more and more the Reforma tion and the Reformers. Tract for the Times, No. xc., art. 6, says, " Rome is oar mother; it is by her that we have been bom to Christ.'* " The tendency to Romanism," says Dr. Pusey, " is, in reality, only a fruit of the profound desire which tlie Church, greatly aroused, experiences to become again, as the. Saviour left her, One.': " I should like,'' says one of the Oxford Divines, (W. Palmer's Aids to Reflection) to see the Patriarch of Constantinople and our Archbishop of Can terbury go barefoot to Rome, throw their arms round the Pope and kiss him." As to the actual fact, the following extract from the Weekly Register, a Roman Catholic Journal, is conclusive that a great number of Ritualists do become Romanists. " In Eng laud the work of conversion has continued during the past year with steady and not very slow steps Mauy, we are in ■ formed, have joined us, who were all but Catholics, and who had little need of instruc tion before they made up their minds to take the final, the long-deferred, but the ail- need fill step. From every Ritualistic Congregation in London thereis a continual stream of converts drifting towards us, and the number would be increased had we priests sufficient to look after those who are hesitating as to their future step in the right direction Of every twenty Anglicans who join the Catholic Church, not less than seventeen have been jtre pared for the step by the teaching they have heard from Ritualistic pulpits, and by the prac tices they have got accustomed, to in Ritualistic Churches.— -I am, Sir, &c.; J. LANGDON PARSONS. Worth Adelaide, May 11, 1874. 