Last Friday the " faithful of Sydney " were called to visit St. Mary's Cathedral and the other Roman Catholic chapels of the city to give special honor to the "Holy "Virgin," and to offer prayers to her, as the " Help op Christians." It appears that she was made the ' 'Patroness of all Australia' ' by the vote of a Romish Synod in 1844. In due course the Holy Father is said to have approved of the vote ; and so, last Friday, the anniversary of the event, was a great day, a "high day," when the blessed lady got hyperdulian adoration and service under the title of the " Help of Christians." One feels sad and indignant that such imposture and superstition should be practised in such a place as Sydney, notwithstanding all the light and know ledge which prevail. Hundreds of women are so led by the priests that they worship Mary ,as far more important to them and gracious than. Christ . Himself. They are taught to pray to her as the ".Help of Christians." They cannot approach Christ but through Mary ; they cannot pray to Him but in Mary's name ; they cannot hope for acceptance' or forgiveness but for Mary's sake ; and so Mary is everything to them — their "refuge " and "deliverer," who gives, them "help" in their time of need. We denounce this as not only false, but pure blasphemy. Mary was a blessed woman, highly favoured in her being made the mother of the Lord, and - now she is saved by the atonement of her son pre cisely as any other sinner is. All this the Scriptures plainly show. The Roman Catholic Bible shows no more, although in two or three places there are false transla tions to give some countenance to this Mariolatry. But nothing throughout all Scripture supports this totally false vote and title which a Romish Synod gave in 1844 to Mary as the Patroness of all Aus tralia—1 "jtlie Help of Christians." Roman Catholics should search their own Bible, ancl they will find, if they do so, that there 'is no other help for Christians but Christ. Is it not strange, if Peter knew of Mary as the help of Christians, he never alluded to Mary in. his Epistles ! Is it not strange, if Christ intended that Mary should be the help of Christians, Pie never once told his disciples or the world to apply to her ! Is it not strange that when Paul and Peter and John and James were labouring in the Gospel and suffering per secution, they never once appealed to Mary , as their refuge and helper ! Is it not strange that if the Apostles and Christ taught that Mary is the help of Christians, there is not a single instance of .the early church in Rome, or in Ephesus, or in' Corinth, or in J erusalem, or in any other .place, crying to her for help in their trouble ? The reason is perfectly clear on the Protestant ground, because she was' not the help of Christians; but this "fact that not one instance can be found in the Roman Catholic Bible of the early . Christians applying to Mary, or of the Apostles re ferring them to Mary, or of Christ inform ing them that Mary was their helper, is totally irreconcileable with the devotion and prayers of last Friday in the Romish chapels of Sydney ; for, is there help now which was not provided in the ancient church ? oris Mary more to Christians now than she was in the days of Christ and his Apostles? Let us wain Roman Catholics against trusting in Mary. She may by priestly craft be made the patroness of all Australia; but if Christ be our helper, ever willing and ready, what is the need that we should go to Mary? " The days of religious controversy are over," says Freeman ; and then he sub mits this startling announcement " as a matter of fact and a matter of news to all his readers," and he says that "it must be of deepest interest to them, whether they be Catholics or Protestants." We call this startling. It is "news;" but the question is, Is it a "fact?" Dr. Manning says it is not a fact ; for he alleges that the days of religious controversy are but beginning, and, with proud hope he looks forward to this result, Protestantism beaten in the controversy, and Popery made, universal and triumphant. Dr. Vauglian of Sydney, said the other day in Queensland, that it is not a fact; for, speaking of the "inquisitiveness" of the present clay, and of the resolve of men not to he satisfied with "shams," he spoke of "the church" as engaged in a controversy which shall prove that "the R. church" is the only church, and that all other churches are only shams. This is singular contradiction ; but no ; for Freeman makes certain exceptions. "There arc," says he, "here and there, in theAnglo- speakingworld. zealots, gcnerallyhalf- educct- tecl men from the north of Ireland or the land of Knox, who have delight in fighting imaginary antagonists upon such, subjects, but the educated world only smiles at and pities them." As Manning, therefore, and Vauglian, and other great people, even the Pope himself, hold that the "days of con troversy" are only beginning, and therefore differ from the dictum of Freeman, we are forced to conclude that these heroes of the church are " half- educated and illiterate, and are engaged only in fighting imaginary enemies,!" We do not enquire how much penance Freeman will have to pay or suffer for such folly as this ; we are only curious to know the ground on which he has chosen to contradict the facts all round him, and the inspired deliverances of all the dignitaries of his church from the head downwards. And what is it that we find ? Why, Freeman proclaims that the days of religious controversy are at an end because " an apostate priest in Rome, who acts as the correspondent of the Times," says so ! and says so in this fashion — " The Bible Society has no chance of success in Italy, because the Italian mind is quite satisfied that the Church of Rome is either the ' one church ' which has claim to divine authority, or that there is no church at all." So Freeman believes the apostate priest" rather than Dr. Vauglian and tlie Pope ! And he believes the apostate priest in the very thing which contradicts the Pope; for the Pope is saying, in piteous howliiig, that the Italian mind is the very opposite of being satisfied that the Church of Rome is the one true church ! The Pope knows too well that the Bible Society in Italy is making strides which make the revival of Popery impossible. Tie knows too well that the circulation of the Bible in Rome, has commenced a controversy which will go on and widen, until the falsehoods of the church, from that of "Peter having been Pope of Rome for twenty-five years," down to the last falsehood of infallibility, are not only exposed but blown to pieces. Hence the Pope is wailing about " controversy," while our wretched Freeman, on the word of an apostate priest, is perfectly jubilant that now all controversy about religion has. ceased ! But this is not enough for our wandering Freeman. Besides the testimony of an apostate priest our con temporary goes to a half-infidel barrister who proposes either to turn infidel out right or to submit to the church! This barrister says that there is no alternative but "Popery or infidelity;" and because this barrister has published this issue, the organ of the church presumes to contradict " the church," and rejoices that the days of religious controversy are now past. Henceforth Freeman is going to change his tactics. : He is going to turn a new leaf. His only desire is now to be "to promote God's honor." He is going " to leave . men proselytising for proselytising sake to nineteenth century Pharisees." And, " because he has a metaphysical doubt about what will be best for God's honor he leaves the question to men more learned in theology than himself!!" In face of such editorial rubbish and drivel ing, it is time that the days of religious controversy were ended. Last week the idolatrous ceremony of " Corpus Christi " was performed in St. Mary's amid great pomji, as our readers will see from tlie description in another column. Different accounts are given of the origin of this so-called "feast." Some say that a woman had a vision in which she saw the moon with a small defect in it, as if a piece had been broken off. She thought long what could be the significa tion, and at length she was informed by the Spirit that the "moon" meant the church, and that the " defect " meant that the church was deficient of a feast in honor of the " Holy Sacrament !" Others allege that the origin was this — " A priest when performing mass doubted that the wafer was the real body and blood of Christ, and that immediately on his doubting blood flowed from the wafer as he held it in his fingers /" So great a miracle having been reported to the Pope, he ordered, in the plenitude of his Apostolic authority, a feast in honour of the Holy Host ! Such are the wretched tales which used .to satisfy the ignorant in the darker ages, but surely they ought to fill intelligent people of the present day with honest shame. Hot so, however. Even Dr. Vauglian, with all his " learning " and "deep thinking," is as much infatuated by these degrading shows and superstitions as the most devoted Bridget who ever came from " ould Leland." "What is the thought which enters one's mind as one thinks of Dr. Vauglian and Dr. Polding parading the chapel of St. Mary's with the piece of paste exposed, and then worshipping it as the very God incarnate, and the soul and divinity of Jesus Christ? How can one help feeling shame and disgust ? But splendid dresses, splendid processsions, fine music and artistic show have a won derful power on the superstitious women who seem to carry the sins of their house holds, and do the chapel going for their more wary husbands. Mr. Tverman, spiritualist, challenges any clergyman or layman " who may be put forth as the representative of the Christian Church to debate publicly the subject of Spiritualism." This looks wondrously like a spiritual advertisement. Perhaps Mr. Tyerman knows enough from his past experience, when a clergyman, to infer that it would not be very easy for the " Christian Church to put forth a Representative." Perhaps also his present experience can tell him that not even the " Unitarians," with whom he now claims kin, could " put forth a Representative." And then, lest Mr. Tyerman, or his admirers should imagine that the "Chris tian Church " lias a peculiar difficulty in this matter, perhaps he (Mr. T.) knows so much as this, that not even he would be " put forth by the Spiritualists " as their " representative." There are old school and new school spiritualists ; there are sham ones and true ones ; but Mr. Tyer man quietly assumes that all spiritualists will accept him as their representative, and now he challenges the Christian Church, Unitarians and all, to " put forth a repre sentative or layman, and he will meet him within three months." He will be a singular clergyman or layman who will appear according to the conditions ; there fore Mr. Tyerman will as easily vanquish the " Christian Church " as he did the Devil in the Theatre last Sunday evening ! Some evil spirit, possibly the spirit of the Witch of Endor, has rapped out this clever" way of getting victories ; certainly nothing can beat it. But if Mr. Tyerman will listen to us, we will suggest to him, with out rapping either on table or wall, a better plan of vanquishing tlie " Christian Church " than by publishing such adroit looking advertisements ; let him produce his proofs ; let him call his spirits ; let them tell us something which we do not know ; let them submit their communica tions to examination, and we are quite sure that within three months spiritualism will take, steamer back to Melbourne. Mr. Tyerman has instructed his audiences as to how they must proceed to get spirits to talk to them. They are to sit round a table — the circle is to be composed of not more than twelve persons nor less than six, and, if possible, they are to be alternately male and female — they are to sit for hours if need be — their minds are to be perpectly harmonized — they are not to quarrel or dispute — they are to sing a hymn or offer a short prayer — and then \vhen their "soul force," otherwise called magnetism, gets excited, the said table will turn, tilt, or even dance, keeping time with a piano! Through that "tilting table" spirits will answer questions which have been audibly put to them by raps, and the sublime language of raps is this, " one rap means no, two doubtfid, and three yes." Would not the "Christian Church" be engaged in a noble work in selecting a " representative " to expose such folly and trash as this? Silly people who like fun in their drawing-rooms after dinner; sceptics who have , a liking for everything which appears to conflict with the Scrip tures or Christianity; and diseased dis believers in everything which is accepted by others, may and will sit for hours round a table until it turns or until they turn through nervous excitement or dazed stupidity ; but thoughtful people will find something better to do, and be better too in the doing of it. Two things amused us in one of Mr. Tyerman's lectures. He was asked, with his friends on the plat form, who were all in perfect "harmony" with himself, to give a specimen before the audience of table turning and rapping. Mr. Tyerman replied that he did not think his mediumship was in force just now, as he had not formed one of a. circle for more than two years. It struck us that the mediumship and force and spirit communi cations by rapping were not in Mr. T.'s estimation of much value, else he would not have lived so long without sweet rappings from the spirits of his friends. The communications from the spirits world must indeed be very worthless, if they can thus be neglected for two years. But let this pass. The other thing which amused - us was tliis. One of the audience, over powered by the comical proofs of Mr. Tyerman, laughed outright. "Oh, you may laugh," said Mr. T., " but what I speak is a fact." " Hear, hear," shouted out Mr. J. B. Wilson. Now, thought we, Mr. Tyerman and Mr. Wilson must have a terrible amount of assurance in stock to expect us to believe their assertion, " It is a, fact" when only two or three minutes before Mr. T. asserted, with great positive- ness, that there never was anything miracu lous in the world. Mr. T. does not believe the miracles of the Scriptures. He thinks that these were only "wonderful works," wrought before an ignorant people, and that what Christ did was all according to " natural principles." Thus then Mr. T. demands that we shall believe him when he says, it is a fact ; but he forbids us to believe the Apostle3, the disciples, the rulers and the jealous Pharisees when they say it is a fact that Jesus worked miracles ! When Jesus made the dead arise by speak- \ing the word ; the onlookers saw that the dead arose. When He gave sight to the blind and speech to the dumb, by his say ing the words "I will " ; both enemies and friends saw the miracles. When He fed the great multitude with five loaves and two fishes, those who ate and were filled saw the miracles. They said it is a fact ; no, says Mr. T., it was not a fact ; only the ignorance of the people made them think so. But this same Mr. T. comes and tells ns that, soiiie spirit rapped out a message to him about some man who had died ; and, when one of the audience laughs at the communication and the method of it, Mr. T. despatches the laughing unbeliever with one blow, " It's a fact," said he ; and Mr. Wilson, fully satisfied witli the clear evidence, follows up the stroke with his high approbation — " Hear, hear," said he. All this puts us in mind of what is said of a great infidel of the last century, " He did not believe in a God ; but he was so terribly afraid of ghosts that he never would venture into the dark, or go to bed without a candle !" Spiritualism is only a ludicrous form of hatred to the truth. 