LIFE OF ANTHONY BRADY, THE CENTENARIAN. By an Old Colonist. Tliere are some people to whom. Revelation itself is a lie ; and for the benefit, of-.these folk, I propose telling the story of Anthony Brady's lile, learned from' the old man him self. Tfc mmr 1m lirrrnrl-flinf flip miRKtihri nf the truth of the story is- in no degree settled by the fact that it was told by the man him self; hut I think that, allowing a broad margin for exaggerationfit will be seen that the narrative is so consistent and so' abso lutely agreeable to the records of history, that it .may be reasonably accepted as. truth oven by those sceptical persons who will not admit that the duratinn of human life ever exceeds the regular threescore-and-ten at which we are told the sand runs out. Anthony Brady was bom in August, 1761, at a place called Blackline, in the County uavuu, xreianu. xxis iaiuer was a iarmer, and he himself followed that occupation up to his twenty-seventh year. About this time he formed a connection with a young girl, the daughter of a neighbor, an Orangeman, and it ended by his seducing her. The father's indignation was of course aggravated by the circumstance that his daughter's betrayer was a Roman Catholic ; and on the other hand, Brady's family objected to his marriage with the girl on account of her religion. -Bigotry was then a sterner fact than it is even now ; and those who are read in the history of the times will have little difficulty in understanding that the wrong done to the Orangeman's daughter was ten fold a wrong in the eyes of her people, in \- . that her seducer was a Catholic. Brady's people were more than suspected of being connected with the White Boys. One morning, as young Anthony, his father, mother, and uncle, sat a breakfast, a party of yeomanry rode up, and, without parley or . explanation, tilted up a cart and proceeded to hang the father and uncle, after which they sliced off their heads. Brady narrated that the last he ever saw of his mother was as she gathered the heads of her husband and brother into her apron. He himself was then Strung up, aud the yeomanry, fortunately for him, foregoing the operation of beheading, then rode away. Brady lost consciousness, and remembered nothing more until he dis covered himself in the house of his sweet heart's father. The old man, who had wit- rtsieianrl -Mm rmf.vn era Tm/1 nnt liim flnwn o.nrl JJ.C/ODC/U. mi. carried him to his house, So soon as Brady recovered, a clergyman was sent for, and he married the young man to the Orangeman's % daughter. . , . | Tnis connection served to protect Brady j from the vengeance of those whom he used ' call "the Yeos," but it nowise diminished , ' 'biff desire for vengeance upon them. He has recorded that he never let an opportunity pass of disposing of a yeoman ; and that ho sent more of these doughty gentlemen to 'their long account than he can well remember. It was indeed natural that he should regard these people with undying hatred ; and Brady was a man who could hate well. Soon after his marriage he started a still. He paid the fees to the gauger of the district, who, however, was an Orangeman, and Brady's foe. This person, from whom Brady had received no receipt, informed the autho rities that he was conducting au unlicensed still ; and Brady one fine morning discovered that his old enemies the yeomanry had descended upon his still, and destroyed a considerable amount of property. Conscious of the injustice of this attack, he armed his men and succeeded in beating oft' the soldiers, tbo Kercreant iu command of whom, however. having informed him that it was under the in formation of the gauger that they had acted. Brady, a man of violent temper, swore that he would shoot the gauger, and did so in the market-place of Carrickfergus ; first, how ever, offering to fight the man in duel. This offence, of course, compelled Anthony to hide, aud he now sought refuge amidst the Wicklow mountains, sleeping by day and abroad at night, for, as he himself said, " in the day the twitter of a bird would waken me." He lived in a cave with other outlaws, one of whom, in order to secure a pardon for himself, betrayed him. " It was one fine mornin' " said Brady, " that I came out of the cave on me hands an' knees; Jand shuir I sees the yeos all around. ' Come out, Cock av the North,' says they. ' Divil a bit av me,' says I; an' I crawls back agiu into the cave. With that they gets bushes aud sets fire to 'em, an' smokes me out, and then they tuk me to Carrickfergus gaol." Tried before Lord Norbury, he was sen tenced to death, but the interest of his Orange friends was powerful enough to obtain a commutation of his sentence to imprison ment for life. He was on the scaffold, and the white cap was drawn over his face when the intelligence came, and he said that he was sorry that it had come. He was now kept in gaol until a vessel sailed from England for Botany Bay. The "aoler was an Orangeman, and Brady tells how this man taunted and and worried him as he lay there in irons, and powerless. "If I could have caught him by the throat," said the old man, " I would have torn him limb from limb, and I swore that if any of his seed ever came across me I'd have their life." Well, Brady was sent to Botany Bay. Arrived here, he was assigned to a man namedLynch, residing on the "Rocks." After this he became gravedigger at the old ceme tery where the Town Hall now stands, and it was here that incident occurred which will show in the narrative that this man was of a wild and fieroo nature, yet possessed a moral sense not always an accompaniment of (fjucli a character. " One day," said Brady, " I saw a prisoner runnin' into the graveyard. He'd bolted from a road gang, and he jumped into a grave that I'd been diggin'. I went up to him, and who d'ye think he was ? He was the son of the thief av a gaoler as had tormented me in Carrickfergus gaol. I called him out. Ho was tremblin' like a leaf ; au' I took him to my hut. Said I, 1 do ye know who I am.' Said he, 'No.' 'Well,' said I, 'my name's Anthony Brady — the Cock av the North ; and more he token, you an' your father jeered an' tormented me in gaol, aud I swore an oath that if any av your blood ever came into my hands, I'd tear him to pieces.' With that he turned as white as a ghost, and made to go, but I stopped him. ' Now,' said I, that oath was made when rage was over me, and I don't hold it as bindin'. Don't shake, man, I'll give, ye good for evil; stop here an' wel come. An' I gave him victuals au' drink, and helped him away to Twofold Bay, where he i niner! an Amerir.an whaler." "Rrn.rlv used to tell this story with some pride. A French fleet having called into this port, several of those prisoners who desired to attend Mass were permitted to go on hoard the vessel on which it was celebrated, and Brady, with some" others, contrived to make his escape in one of the frigates. Landed at Brest, lie was carried to Ireland in a fishing smack, and at once joined those who were iu secret rebellion. His presence became known to the authorities, and he was eagerly sought for. Tired of this unsettled life, he commu nicated with his wife, telling her to sell off his farm, and with him pass over to America. He appointed to meet her at a certain house ; she met him, and as she reeeived his luss a number of armed men rushed from an adjoining room; he was thrown down and handcuffed, and carried .off to gaol. His wife, who during her husband's absence at Botany Bay had formed another connection, had betrayed him. ...jjTried again before Lord Norbury, Brady was sentenced to Botany Bay for the second time. He added that the pleasant addendum of a recommendation to the authorities here to hang him when he arrived, was tacked on to his sentence; but we must accept this statement with a grain of salt. At any rate he was not hanged, aud his services during a gale of wind which befell the vessel in which he was sent out were so valuable that 011 arrival, instead of hanging him, tho Governor appointed him gatekeeper at the barracks at the top of King-street. When Father Therry arrived here, he appointed Brady gravedigger at the Devon shire-street graveyard ; . and he filled this situation for many years. His narrow escape from being burnt when S. Mary's was de stroyed will be remembered by all. It formed a fitting incident in the life of a man whose career had been one of danger and hardship, and into whose life — long as it lasted — there was crowded adventures by field and flood sufficient to supply a Dumas or a Scott with the material for a dozen romances. Of the man's age there can be no doubt. His memory of trifling particulars of his early youth, and of circumstances of the period, was too accurate to have been derived from tradition or reading. He was in the prime of life at Vinegar Hill, where he used his pike rarely; and there are those now here, themselves very old men, who recollect old Anthony when he first arrived in the colony as being then middle-aged. But, as I have said, there are some people who will not believe ; however strong the proof, and these people will of course pooh-pooh my story as nn invnnniv Tfi-h lio lfc Vif»rn woe onfhrvv WV.V.« ) vw UW" HUUUVi. — Freeman's Journal . 