LITERARY NOTICES. "THR THRRBUOLD OF THU UNKNOWN- RKOION;" by Clements R. Markham. CU. and P. R.S., Secre- tary of the Royal Geographical Sooley, was written as the author informs us, for the special purpose of Riving the public a correct knowledge of the whole line of frontier separating the known fr->m the unknown region round the North Pole: In carry- ing his purpose into effect, tho author has. pointed the attention of his read er» to the stories o' early voyagers, and the efforts of recent navigators to cross this frontier: and also hus. set forth a very imposing array of valuable results to be derived from North Polar dico.ivery.' In the opening chap- ter ho tells us that the''immense tract of land and sea which surrounds the northern end of the axis of'the earth, ie tho largest field of discovery which remains open for the present generation to explore, and then says : ; ' ^ Tali undiscovered region ls hounded on ilioEurdhoau side ? hy tho 80tli parallel of latitude, ext'ept where Scoresby. Tarry, and a fow others hare slightly broken Into Its nlrcumforeniw ; baton tito ¿atutlonld*-fl cittrndsf illly totlmJflli and 74th degs. sud wommin! of Urliritifi'* Strait our knowledge ls hounded bv tho 72nil dej-iee. Thu», In some dlrwllnni,, lt ls more then 1600 mt'ea uurcen, mid lt cveraau ariaof upwards ol 1,MO.OOO trinare mlle«, l in.' paralla) nf 7nth denice skirts tho northern ?lunes of the oout.nents of Europe, Asia, and America j and between.the TOlli and Bulli dens, there Is nn, lutervenliur, heit ?ppuratlng tilt known from tho unknown, which. In different direction», has l>ceri;moie órlese explored by theíntrepld ses , men and trurollrrs of various. nntlnrj* Tue siicecanes and dlsits ors, thc-lr during explnlt» atm vroud«rfnl adventures form the lecoid whence we must euther snob Information as Is »t present within onr renell resproiinc tho miler edge of tlie unknown Fular region. ? Tills information will osstit us |n tho nroeswiiy »|>eoulniIoni, whence wo may derive an estímalo of til« uses and odvuntnees that'wilt be derived from a North Polar expedition; i Unlike tba iiccan.glrt rruton nf tho (Southern Polo, tbs Northern Polar.regum ls strrunnded, at n distance of-about. 1300 miles from Its oem re, by thethreo (treat continents of our planet, while thc onormoim g'actar- bearing mm» nf Orcenhnd itretahcs owny towards the Pole foi' on unknown distance. There ore three oppmsehes hy sea" to this land .girt end of tte eurtlu through tho wldu ocean urtween Norwiiy end Green- land, through Davis' 1 trait, and through behring's Btr.ilt ono wide portal and two narrow gates. j Thenóticcs of ancient maritime.exploits glyen iii tho early part of the work, though brief aro graphic, and show tba reader, how very much wo »r»' indebted to a few hardy seamen for the know I»dgo we .'possess of (¡various parts of tho world, Auiongsl|lin' names those seamen, that of Henry Hudson stands conspicuous. This aldo navigator Sought for nn entrance to tho unknown polar region, nlong the edge pf. tho pack ice, extending from Greenland to Nova Zembla. Mr. Markham tell« us that nothlngv.whatevor ia known with certainty respecting this renowned navigator. I Ile first appears fitting ontallttlecxMk-boatfnr tho .Muscovy Company, culled the Hopewell, 80 loni, to «tlsoovcr a pawnRc by tho North Pole. On Moy I,; 1607, ho wel-thod anchar nt fjft-erDwlbh,, ! When -wo confider tho means with whioh ht was proVldcd'for the eahlevement of. this prent dbwovery, we sro astnnlahed attha fcarlesa andatdly.of tho attempt lier* ' was a crew or ten men and a boy, In a wretehed little ornfl ol eighty lou«, coolly talking of safllns right ncrots tho Pole lo ' J«| an, ann natiisily milking as careful nnd judicious a trial ol the poMllitlhy of dplin; IO, ns bm ever been effwlrd hy the best equipped inodrhi rxlwdltlcn». Nor. vni-Iludion Ifiic rant of the rilfHoaltlesanil dauReisof stirb o roysRe, for thc , mull» ot (heHincexKrilllonnor Uurcnta were known to him, ind he bad wbh him thebett existing chart*, Imagine this bold sesmsn sailing from' ÍHiiveaend,lboond far Mia Nortli Pole, tn a cruft about tlte «tie of ono of tile smallest of mod rn collier brigs. - We tn II form a Rood idea of lier general apucarnnoe, because three aueh vessels are deli- neated on tlie chart drawn by lliidaon himself Ibo Hope- well WUB more Uko an old Burnt bungalow titan anything elso that, now salla tho spas, with nf uti stern and low poi n ed bow; abe bad no head aulla on lier bowsprit, but to make np for tula, tho foremas was stepped chock forward. Them was a cabin under the uli;u and narrow pdbp,' where Hudson and his littln son were accommodated, and tbo men were crowded tarwarri. Thus equipped and provided for tho voyure flurlsoB, aa we have seen, asile.I from O-rennwlcU and passed tire Shet- land Islaxa on May 28, 1007. He o<me in ai«ht of the east c ia«t or Greenland, winch ho describe» os a very high land with much lo* near the shore, on June 13. on : continued to Bland al>.ng It with a northerly course, until the 32nd. Al- though he was stopped in this direction, yet lio considerad tho tim* well spent, seeing that extensive land fiad been disco- vered whlcli was riotmnrkod on any oh'irt, and he adds, ** for aught we could seo, it ls Uko t . ho a good land and worth tho so'diig." He named It " Hold wilb Hope," and found lils lath tudo, when lu s eht of it on tito 32nd, to bo 7:inl degree north. Hudson th-n 'cit the Greenlandcoaat, nnd steenugin anorth easterly direction for. ttvo days, ennis In sight i f a part of Bpltzliergen. or Newland 0s he Dilled it, whlnh he amused to ho the Vogelsang of llarenla The iee waa found lu latitude 78 degree 30 minutes north, trending away from Bultzbergon lo the westward ; and'lhe little crail, was "in many dangers amongst so liuueu quantity of tao and fogee." Hudssn can .tinned ra examine tho coast of Bpltzberoot* during many days, constantly attempting to make u pii&sogts; to the iiortliwnrd, but always stopped by the loo He irave thc namo. wliich it still bears, to the nnrrli-vtest Point nf Bpltzuergcn, Hakluyt Uoadland. At olio timo ho found lils latitude to be 81 degrees to the nortwnrd of Spl.r.liercen, when the lund Ito sig lite I was proba My the Seven Wundi : ho observed that tho seo was in some places green, and in o hers bino, and he miys, "our green tea we found to bo freest Iront iee, und our nr.uva *dne sea to Lo our inle sea." Scorashy cn. isidora this to be uculdental, and ho ascertained the green colour to bo caused by myriads of minute medusa, 11G.S93 in a cir>io foot. - ; .... . Thc .resultsof this voyage wore very important, both in a Geogia plilcal und a oom mo clal point of view, Iluason lind di-co- vered n portion of tho east coast of Greenland; he. liad examined the edge of the leo between Greenland und Spits- bergen twlco, in June und che end of July ; und ho hadsaiicd to the nur Ul ward ol Spitzbergen, until ho was stopped by the Ice: rrachino; nlrnmr. us high u latitude aa Scoresby, in 1800, which was 81stdegree, 13 mlnntcs/43 seconds, north Hud- son's tilgtest latitude by observation was 80ih degree 211 minutest burlie sailed for two more days lu a north-eusterJy direction. Thu practical consequence of Iluiisnu'a voyniio was that lils nocount of the quantltloi of whales und seahorses in tho S.'ltzborfjen seas led to the establishment of a rich and prosperous fishery, which oontinued to flourish for two centuries. , * , , . it would bo tedious to enumérate even tho nnnics of tho bravo men -who have commanded tile various expeditions which have be«n fitted out for arctic exploration; nnd, to tell tho truth, Mr. Markham's descriptions of tho ciïprts inado by those bravo mon to effect tho object in view are very dry. Ile appears to bo a hard-headed, practical sort of man, who is admirably adapted to describe and reason about concreto facts, but wiLhal inunpable of in- vesting his descriptions with any of the weird splendour* of genius. Hence, a 1 trgo part of Iiis book is more or less uninteresting to common rentiers. He lins tho merit, however, of laying1 before his reader.a complete outline of what has ".eon done in tho -way of arctic exploration, while tlie moro didactic portions of his volume show what remains to be done, and how useful it would bo to tho world that that which romains tn be done should he done speedily «nd properly. The 14th chapter, detailing the resulti of arctic exploration to geology, botany, meteorology, zoology, Sec., is v«ry interesting, and will amply repay a careful perusal, and, therefore, we commend it to the attention of our readers. Wo have only room for one extract which must servo ns a sample of the '* results" which tho author describes. It relates, as-tlie reader will perceive, to a very important ethnological inquiry. Mr. Markham says:-, » Tho knowledge already acquired of the Arctic regions leads to tho conclusion t hut the discovery of tho unknown portivu of tho Qre -nlaud coasts will yield vory important result« lu the science of -anthropology, Although barely one- half of ll.e Arotio restons hu« been explored, yet ubuuduut tro oes ef for mer Inhabitants aro found throughout their iiioit desert wases where no« thvrc is absolum solitude. These wilds have not bean inhabited for centuries, ret they arc covered willi tracts of wanderers, or of sojourners, ot a bygone a^-e. ? Here und, there, In Greenland, in Ii(,0tula, on the thoras of Amerloa,'where, existence is possible, the descendants of for- mer winderere aro »till to be found. Th* migrations of these people tile scanty notices of their origin and movements that are scattered tbroush history, und tho requirements of then* existence, aro all so inuny clues which, wh ;n carefully feathered together, throw light upon a mn t lutcre&tiiig; sub jeer. The migrations of mun witliin the Arctic zone ulvo'i-ise io questions willoh are closely connootcd with tho geography of the undiscovered portions of tho Arctic regions. Tho extreme points wtucli exploration hus yet reached on tho shores of Greenland uro lu about 82nd "eg>ee on tba west, and in 76ih degree on the custom aide ; und these two points aro about 000 miles spurt. As lhere lia ve 'u-eu inhabitants ut I both thew) points, »nd they ure separated by an uninhabitable interval from tilt sei Dements further south, it muy . o inferred Hist tho unknown interval- further north ls or bus been inha- bited. On tile western sido of Greenland it was d.'scoieied. In 18 8. that a small trlb« inhabited the rugged coast between 7eth nnd 79th degree north ; their runge beliia bounded on the south by the glaciers of aldville I!uy, which bar all progress In that direction, and on the north by thu Humboldt Glacier, whié thoBernlk-sook, or jrreat glacier of the Interior, con lines thom to the scucoR-t, Tbr^c " Arctic Uluhlunders'* number about 140 soula, and their cxlBlenoo depends on open pools and lanes of water throughout tho »Inter, * liloh attract animal Hie. Hence, lt ic ce. lui II that where such conditions oxlst J man may ho found. The question whether tbo unexplored ! coast of Greenland is inhabited, therefore depends upon tho existe. ce. of currents und other conditions, such us prevail in the northern part of Buflln's Hay, Hut. this question is not even now left entirely to conjecture. It is true Unit thu " Arctic HlglilandeiH" toi . Dr. Knue that they knew of no Inhabitants beyond- tho Humboldt Glacier, and this ls the fuitbcst point which was indicated by Kuluhierua (tho native lud.who wus on b»rd the Assistance! o" lill wonda .'-illy accurate chart lint neither did thc Esquimaux o Uprrnai lk know anything or nativos north of Melville (tay until the first voyage of Bir John HOM. Vet now we know that theie either I ¿ri- or have been inhabitants north of tho Hiim'ioldt Olucicr, nu the ex remo verge of tho unknown region; for Morion (Dr. Kane's steward. f ound-tlte rnnnor of a akdgo made of bone lying on the beach on thc northern Bide ot lt. There is a tradition, too, among thc Arctic Highlanders" that there are herds of musk oxen far to thc north on a« island in au loolcss.sea. Truces of those wero found by Captain Hall's expédition, In 1871-73 a« far north as S st degree 30 minutes ?nord. On the eastern side of Greenland thnienro slinilnr indications. liliana Captain i:luveriug found twelve natives St Cupo Borlase Warren, in 79th degree north: hut when Capt. .£oIdewcy wintered in ttio same neighbourhood in 1809, none wore to bo found, thcugh thero wore abundant traoes of them, and ample means of siibsliteno* As tho Melville Buy glucier» form an Impassable barrier, preventing the " Arctic Highlanders"from wandering southwerda on the westside, ab the Ice-bound coast on . tile east side, between Sooresby's discoveries and tho Danehrog Isles, would prevent the penplo seen by Clavering from takin» a southerly course, The oller ».live Is that, at tho Urn« ot Koldewey's visit, they must bave gone north. . i Three considerations lead to tho conclusion that lhere ore, dr nara been,Inhabitants In the unexplored legion.to the north of the known parts of Greenland. If this bo tho case, the atndy of ad the characteristics of a people who have lived for generations In a «tata o' complete Isolation, would be an Investigation'ot tho highest scientific Interest. Just at tho present time, while newspapers are rivalling each other In retailing scandal, rotative to the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, and while the religious world look on with mingled foelings of fear and hope, nt tho ordeal through which tho rev. gentleman is now passing, it may not bo uninter- esting to glanco at one ol this renowned prent li cr's recent works, namely, his "Lectures on Preaching." Those lectures were delivered to the students of Yale Theological College, during the spring session of tho present yenr, and, consequently, may be regarded ns his latest published theological utter 'nnce. : Mr.; Beecher thus defines his own stand- point: Cortnlnly, it would bo painful for mo rostand Inyour midst, ann lind my'solf traversing Hint whioh ia regarded by your tendiera aa sound nnd very necessary in tho equipment of minister« for tho Held. I do not feel clint I shun very much traverso the substantial faots that undorlle nil theology [ und yet, I have from the very beginning of my ministry worked from the sumd-polut of a different, philosophy from that 'which has been employed in limes past, and according to a different me'hod, so that, while feeling alter tho ramo great facts which others are feeling after, I may placo thom in lights whioh make thom upparoi.llyantiiRoiiIstUilriadoctrliial form, to those that wero held hy tho fathers, or aro hold by my bre- thren in tho ministry So that on such grounds I might be considered " unsound/'.nnd not worthy to bo called an ortho- ' dox man. And yet, in rogard to the great elements of human nature, of the divino nature, of the essential principles of I moral government, und Its ends and alms, and ot the means employed in the great sottcmo of salvation through Jesus Christ, I hold myself to bc pcrfootly sound, and, If anything, sounder than other folks, , Bo It really ls a hind of vacillation, ratlior than anxiety, that I feel In speaking to you as I shall. In respect to tho natura of mun aa universally sinful, but susceptible of development ont of animal lulu sp'rltnul conditions, and In respect to tho reality sud glory ot «.'personal Oort-k personal God revealed unto us lu tho New Testament, In three persons-in other wor.is, the doctrine of tho Trinity. In thc ovcr-blcssed truth of thc Divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ i in tho history cf lils life-work, constituting, substantially ari atonement for tho shiB of the vi orld i In tte doctrino of tho power ot the Holy Ghost, s»nt forth from God, hy willoh mau, who needs to be bom out of natural life into spiritual life, ls regenerated by. tho development in him lot all-controlling Christian tcntl ii'cnt.-anew will, audi narr sptiltuol po.tor; lu Hie gloat ti Ulli« of faith end lionet In the groat truths of two-world lifo and Immortality-In all these great, substantial, and un- derlying facts, I snpposol stand with thc good men who have lh lil slnre the day I hat Paul left tile earth i and I hold thain not merely in oui'toslty,.nor from a lovoaf their logical adint- eles and structural niue's, but as tho wisdom of God, and the power of God unto salvation. It is difficult to beliovo that a man, holieving in such principles, nnd, withal, being a large nnd truly catholic-minded man, cntild ho throughout his lifo a scouridrol of tho doepost dye, tho seducer of many simple-minded women, -whom ho pre- vailed to yloltl to his vilo inclinations. Wo shall continue to hold him innocont until ho ls proved to be guilty. Wo do not found our belief in his innocence on his orthodoxy, but rather on tho internal evidence which those lectures on preaching supply, inasmuoh ns thoy breathe of internal purity and innocence. H<>ro is a passage, whick goes to I the root of the Sabbatarian Controversy :- 1 There aro many portons who talk to ns in this my-I can-] not worcuip in 3-out* churches ; but let me. on a Sunday morn- j lng. go into tho fields, in the mldstof tho scenes of nature, end I think I can seo God there. Hy d"ar old venerable tether user! to pooh-pooh that ? he used ro aall lt moonshine : and I uacd to say, *' >es. and sunshine too, father, for I am justono of those persons." I never had, undor preaching, anything Uko euell a persmal feeling of holiness or such a sense ol the nearness a»d overpowering presence of tba other world braucht to me, BS through the faculty of Ideality, or that principle cf Uro saul willoi takes oognlzaaoo of dna beautiful things-tho sense of taate. I know that when I waa in the Luxembourg, and saw tlie first real regiment of paintinits that I ever saw in my life, everything retreated to my brain, 1 did not feel the floor when I walked on it. My hoad seemed like a globe at fire, I never felt the aanotlty ot the love and the presence of Dod ao neav to me, and I never hud sueh tiri appreciation of the boiury and glory of billillie justice na I dirt In the pottery of pictures nt tlie laxembourjr, I might have sat-as I did-in Calvin's Chair, at Geneva, without any omotlonj of that kind. Iappreoiate the lifo nf Calvin, his sreut work, and lila excel-. seiK'iea; bat noassoalationnoonnected with him could produce euch an effoct upon me as I received at that time through tba sim* of tasto. These lectures are anything rather than dry, and like nil their author's other works serve to shew his many-sidedness. We express no opinion on, tho truth or falsehood of tho theology which un- derlies and pervades tlioni, for that matter lies ^ust outside of our province; but we have no hesita- tion in saying that they ar» written in an agree- able ttyle; that the doctrines they contain aro forcefully expounded, that -drive rather than drift, is ono of their leading characteristics, and that they aro worthy of being read even by those who do not believe m the theological system to which they Mate. A statement respecting the richness of a certain 7»ïtion of Sonth Amerioa is going the round of the American journals, and if true is of unusual interest. The statoment is to this effect :-Tile upper valley of the Madeira river oontains, approximately, 400,000 square miles, marvellously rion in »very product of value in South America. Its eastern and central parts -tho Bolivian proviricos of Cordillera, Chiquitos, and tho Beni-wero first settled by tho Jesuits, who pene- trated northward from their settlements in tho valley of tho Bio de la Blata, and organised numerous "re- ductions " of tho native tribes, and founded many prosperous towns. These, however, were always oithor upon the hanks of navigable streams or within easy reach of them. Lying in the oxtrcmo eastern part of tho Madeira.valley is the minorai Brazilian provinco of Mntto-Grosso, abounding in vnluablo agricultural pro- ducts, and gold and diamond washings. It is, owing to its inaccessibility, very thinly populated, but pro- mises to bo in tho filtur" ono of the most prosperous States of tho Empire of Brazil.. It is also one of the, at tho present, most unprotected frontiers of that country, being almost at tho mercy of tho Statos of tho Plata valley in case ol' war. Ascending tho upper central and western rivers of tho Madeira valley, wo roach tho richest of all the slopes of the Andes, well populatoil by the Spanish nico, mixed with Quichua and Aymara Indians, the Indian clament being prob- ably tho best which can ho found on tho Westosn Cou tinent, and capable of a high degree of civilisation. Its power of increaso is extraordinary, surpassing even that of tho Moxican Indian races, which are so fecund. Tho Bolivian part of tho Madeira valley contains about 2,500,000 people, tho Indian blood slightly predomin- ating. At tho dato of Bolivian independence in 1825, tho population was less than 1,000,000. Out of tho present inhabitants soma 2,000.000 aro in tho valley of which wo treat, living within comparatively easy resell of tho navigable streams which swell the volume of thc river Madeira. Tho country in wliioh tkejr livo ia, without exception, tho richest on the globo, in every - thing that natura gives to man. Its mineral wealth cannot ho equalled within any equal area upon tho Western Continent. Tho number of silver minos opened there during the rule of Spain might appear fabulous wero they not reeistered in tho archivos of the State. They exceed 10,000. From tho hanks of the little streams which feed tho Beni branch of the Madeira, gold rtiay bo washed almost anywhere ; and wo liave little hesitation in stating that this auriferous distrio£ will yet rival, says au American writer, if not surpass, tho faino of Australia and California combined. In fact, tho wholo slope of the Andes, in an immense sweep of 1000 milod, extending from Cuzco to Matto. Grosso is a vast gold pincer. Because, when tho air of tho streets marks 30 or 40 degrees on tho Fahrenheit scale, a room over warmed by a Uro can cooled by opening tho windows, the averaao British householder adopts the ready con- clusion that whenever a room feels hot the way to cool it ia to lof in tho oxtcrnal air. . Accordingly in these piping times he, and still moro often, BUG opens tho windows on thc sunny sido of tho house, and-lats in air of a lomporaturo varying from 100 to 120 degrees, or so. Then, booauso in a very short time tho room, naturally onough, becomes much hotter than it was, it is considered that tho windows aro not oponed widely enough, and tho supposod error hoing remedied a still larger quantity of hot'air is then let in. And sn wo find' Matcrfamilias sitting with a vary light muslin upon her frame, and a great deal of perspiration upon hor upper lip, hor face tho colour of an Orleans Slum, and her condition of mind to tho last 'degree ojee ted, simply bcciius» she persists in disregarding tim most olomontary principles .of natural philosophy.. Wo (Lancet) t»U hor that if sh'o-Willopen tho windows; on tho shady sido of tho house only, and keep tho other olosely Bhut, har dwelling will be nt least not hottor. than tho shady aide ol' tho street, whereas by her arrangement it acquires tho heat of tho sunny side. We tell her also that if her house bo large and tho inmates few, sha may livo in a dolightful stato of c«ol noss by only opening the windows at night, and keeping thom closed during tho day. Her house will then bo somo 10 or 15 degrees lowor in temperature than tho streets, and convey very much tho rafreshing effects of a cool bath upon entering it. Wo tfll her all this, and aha is vory much interested. At our next visit wa find every window open, and tho house full of red-hot air. " It utanda to reason," she says, triumphantly, " that you cannot possibly cool a house without plenty of ventilation." 