[?] A DEFENCE OF MODERN SPIRITUAL. ISM." ... An article on Spiritualism, which appeani in the Forln iglilbj Rcvie iv, is specially, notice able, as ; being written by Mr. Alfred '.Ew Wallace, the distinguished naturalist, a man accustomed :to scientific ' investigation, aqcl occupying a position alonide that of Dai> win., as a contributor to the developemenll I theory ; a man, therefore, with a reputation I to lose ; but who nevertheless is induced, by I "an imperative. sense of duty," to defend a I movement treated for the most part with I ridicule or contempt. : Mr. Wallace, coina I plains that those who have devoted many I years to an examination of spiritualism have I been in most oases refused a hearing ; whila I men who have bestowed.on it no adequate I attention, and, are, almost 'wholly ignorant o£ I the researches of others, have alone supplied the information to which a large -.proportion I of the public' have had access. In support of his' -complaint he refers ; to Lord Am I berlev, Dr. Carpenter, Professor TyndalL and otherB, who -have discussed in lectures and periodicals the . phenomenaof spiritual ism, and pronounced'' adversely as to its pretensions. , Popular and scientific writers generally have, it appear 3 to Mr. Wallace, seen .very little- of the phenomena them selves; and cannot believe that others hav® seen much more, ' The frame of mind in which they approach the siibj ect is indicated by their constant assertion that spiritualists are people who are , easily deceived by a little unexpected trickery, .and tbat -they; :aro all thei 'victims of' some mysterious' delusion whenever imposture is out of the question,' It appears to him that .this is a frame of mind requiring to be modified ; and- tbat,. tho modification can best be effected by such n general sketch 'of the'subjoct-as will indicate;, by typical examples of each class of evidence the cumulative force of the argument. ' Aco cordingly he proceeds to show by separate lines of inquiry, how wide and varied is, tlie evidence, aud ho v remarkably these linen converge towards one uniform conclusion. The first line of .inquiry conducts biin'back to the year 184S, when modem spiritualism began. The historical narrative sets ouS with an account of the mysterious knocking® and sounds heard in a house at the village o Hydesville, New York, leading to intelligent communcications with the unknown cause o£ the knockings, and the discovery .that ' murdered man was buried in tlie cellar of tho house. The narrative then deals with the development of tho movement-, thus begun', into a variety of Btrange forms, such as tho raising of a medium in the air in a crowded room in full daylight, tho playing of musical instruments with ho human being- 'near tbem, the reading and 'answering of letter® closed in any number of envelopes,, letters lit German, Greek, Hebrew, : Arabic, Chinese French, Welsh, and , Mexican, being; cor rectly answered in the corresponding Ian gutiges by a medium who' knew none of them, portraits drawn by,, mediums of deceased per« sons whom they bad never known or heard of, the treating of diseases by laying -on of hands, andleoturing by-speaker3 in a state of trance. The second liiie of'inqniry is directed to the evidences of the objective phenomena of spiritualism/ In treating tlis part of . tKo subject Mr. Wallace-gives an outline of. tho career of two or three well known mediums; and also a sketeh-of the experiences and investigations of a few' of the ' more remark able converts to spiritualism., In thi® biographical', mahuer /he presents typical :examplo3;of the -evidences, . calculated . to show how wide is their range, and how con . clusively, as lie thinks/ they rehch' every ebjectibh that the mo3t 'soipticM ' Lav# brought ; against tfimn. Tlie first medium selected "is Miss Kate, Fox, . the earliest .medium in the .modern sense of, the term, the manifestation of her remarkable powex' dating from 1818, when she was.a, girl nina years of age, and continued/ for twehty- six: years without any. imposture or attempt at imposture h'aring eyer Been, d!etected. .Tli next .is Mr. BiBmeI;.,Home,',hapf;.'tlia best- known . melium; in. -the world,, and whose varied powers have been open to examination for at least twenty yeata/and with regard to whom Sir. David Brewster and Lord Brougham/after, witnessing some of hi® manifestetions, testified" that, they .'could give no explanation of them, and .could not conjeeture how they could be produced by any kind of mechanism. As the pqateriaui for sketching the career .of, tbeae jw# mediums are , dxaim , - from ; publicaipns which are already before, the'-wprld/wejlasf them over in order to! find room LorJ Mr. Wallace's account of .. a mcdiqm iespecting whom he gives personal testimony. . Refers ring to Mrs. Giippy, (formerlyMissNicholj ho says : ,. I knew Miss Nichol before she had i ever heard of spiritualism, table-rapping, or auy tbing.pE. tji# kino, arid we first obtained knowledge of hp Eowers. on asking her to sit for experiment in my ouse. This was in November, 1866, aud ifo some months wokad constant sittings, and I was able to watch and test the progress'of her detel opment. I first satisfied myself of the rising of a small tiible completely off the floor/iwhen tnrei or four persons (including Miss N.) placed their hands on it. - I tested this by secretly attaching threads or thin strips of paper underneath tho claws,' so that they innst be. broken if anyone at tempted to raise1 tho table with their -feet— tha only available means of doing so. 'The table Still rose a full foot bit' the floor in broad davlighfc. In order to show this to friends. with less trouble, I made a cylinder of hrops and.'brown: paper, iq which I placed the table so as to keep, fee tan" dresses away from it whileit rose, which it'did «r ' freely as before. Perhaps more marvellbusiw'aa thoplacing of. Miss N. herself bn; the table although this always happenel'in tk'e 'dark/yety \- under the conditions to be named, docOptioAvnw impossible. I will relate one sitting of which I fcave notes. We sat in. a friend's house, roundla centre table, under a glass chandelier. A friend ef mine, but a perfect stranger to all the rest, sat next Misb Nichol and held both her hands. Another person had matches ready to strike a Jjgbt when required. What occurred was as fol lows First Miss Nichols chair was drawn away from under her, and she was obliged to stand up, my friend still holding both her hands. In a minute or two more I heard a slight sound, such aa might be produced by a person placing a wine glass on the table, and at the same time a very alight rustling of clothes and tinkling of the glass pendants of the chandelier. Immediately my friend said, " She is gone from me." A light was at once struck, and we found Miss N". quietly seated in her cnair on the centre of tho table, _ her lead just touching the chandelier. My friend declared that Miss N. seemed to glide noiselessly cut of his hands. She was very stout and heavy, and to get her chair on the table, to get upon it herself, in. the dark, noiselessly, and almost in stantaneously, with five or six persons close around her, appeared, and still appears to me, knowing her intimately, to be physically im possible. Another very curious and beautiful phenomenon was the production of delicate mu sical sounds, without any object calculated to produce them being in the room. On one occasion a German lady, who was a perfect stranger to Miss Nichol, and had never been at a seance be fore, was present. She sang several German songs, and most delicate music, like a fairy musical-box, accompanied her thoughout, She sangfour or five different songs of her own choice, and all were so accompanied, Thi3 was in the dark, but hapds were joined all the time. The most remarkable feature of this lady's medium- bhip is the production of flowers and fruits in closed rooms. The first time this occurred at my own house, at a very early stage of her develope- mcnt. All present were my own friends. Miss Nichol had come early to tca; it being mid-winter, and she had been with us in ,a very warm gas- lighted room four hours before tho flowers ap peared. The essential fact is, that upon a .bare table in a small room closed and dark (the ad joining room being well lighted), a quantity of flowers appeared, which were not there when we put out the gas a few minutes before. They con sisted of anemones, tulips, chrysanthemums, Chinese primroses, and several ferns. All were absolutely fresh, as if just gathered from a con servatory. They, were covered with a fine cold dew. Not a potal was crumpled or broken, not the most delicate point or pinnule of the ferns was out of place. I dried , and preserved the whole, and have, attached to them, the attes tation of all present that .they had no share, as far as they knew, in bringing the flowers into the room. I believed at the time, and still believe, that it was absolutely impossible for bliss N. to have concealed them so long, to have kept them so perfect, and, above all, to produce them covered throughout with a most beautiful coating, of dew, just like that which collects on the out side of a tumbler when filled with .very cold water on a hot day. . Similar phenomena have occurred hundreds of times since, in many houses and under various conditions. Sometimes the flowers have been in vast quantities, heaped upon the table. Often flowers or fruits asked for are brought. A friend of mine asked for a sun flower, and one six feet high fell upon the table, having a large mass of earth about its roots. One of the most striking tests wa3 at Florence, with Mr. T. Adolphus Trollope, Mrs. Trollope, Miss Blagden, and Colonel Harvey. Tho room wa3 searched by the gentlemen; Mrs. Guppy was un dressed and redressed by Mrs. Trollope, every article of her clothing being examined. Mr. and Mrs, Gappy were both firmly held while at the table. In about ten minutes all tho party ex claimed that they smelt flowers, and, on lighting a candle, both Airs. Guppy'sand Mr. Trollopo's arms were found covered with jonquils, .which filled the room with their odor. Air. Guppy and Air. Trollope both relate- this in substantially the same terms, (Dialectical Society's Report on Spiritualism, pp. 277 and 372.) Surely these are phenomena about which there can be no mistake. What theories have ever been proposed by our scientific teachers which even attempt to account for them ? Delusion it cannot be, for the flowers are real, and can be preserved, and imposture under the conditions described is even les3 credible. If the gentlemen who came forward to 111 n rtnVliA nn en. Aallarl VUitUifGU WG pUUUW VAX VUVOIAUjSM l/A BV'WAUtfU spiritual manifestations " do not know of the various classes of phenomena that have now been indicated, and the weight of the testimony in support of them, they are palpably unqualified for the task they have undertaken. That they do know of them, but keep back their knowledge, while putting forward trivialities easy to laugh at or expose, is a supposition I cannot for a mo ment entertain. Before leaving this part of the Bubject, it is well to note the fact of tne marked individuality of each medium. They are not oopies of each other, but each one developes a characteristic , set of phenomena— a fact highly suggestive of some unconscious occult power in the individual, and wholly opposed to the idea of either imposture or delusion, both of which almost invariably copy pre- existing models. In dealing with the experiences and investi gations of notable converts to spiritualism, Mr. Wallace first takes the ca3e of tho emi nent American lawyer, the honorable J. W. Edmunds. When Judge Edmunds nrst be came a spiritualist, he was greatly abused, and to defend himself he published an "Ap peal to the Public," giving a full account of the inquiries which resulted in his conver sion. Then follow extracts from the " Ap peal," with comments. We may add that Judge Edmunds died recently, and that in a , funeral oration delivered by the Bey. Dr. Tyng, a distinguished Episcopalian clergy, man of New York, and the judge's intimate friend, affectionate testimony was borne to his intelligence, ability, integrity, and general Ugh character. The next example given by Mr. Wallace of converts to the truths of spirit ualism is Dr. Geo. Sexton, who was for many years a secularistteacher. The mo3t important investigation made by Dr. Sextpn was with theDavenport Brothers. He visited them fre quently, trying in vain to find out the trick. He invited them to his house, and subjected them to every test he could contrive, with the view of detecting jugglery. According to his own acknowledgment, he did not see that any proof had been given that dis embodied spirits had any hand in producing the phenomena ; hut he was convinced that no tricks had been played, as he had for merly supposed, and that therefore the extraordinary physical manifestations he . witnessed were the result of some occult force in nature which he had no means of explaining in the Btafce of his knowledge at the time, but which it was his duty as a man of science to use his utmost endeavors to. discover. In this position he stood for v .-.'fifteen years,, refusing to go one step beyond_ what the facts demonstrated to his satisfaction. At length he had, in. connection with members of his own family and - intimate private friends, in whom mediumistic powers became developed, evi dence of the action of intelligence in connec tion with the physical phenomena, evidence which he considered of afl irresistible cha racter that the communications came from deceased friends and relatives. Since Dr. Sexton has become a spiritualist, he has been as energetic an advocate for its truths as he had been before for the negations of secularism. " We can hardly believe," says Air. Wallace, "that the man who during fifteen years of observation and experiment held out against the spiritual theory is one of those who, as Lord Amber- ley tells us, ' fall a victim to the most patent frauds, and are imposed upon by jugglery of the most vulgar order or who, as viewed from ' Professor Tyndall's high scientific standpoint, are in a frame of mind before which science is utterly powerless — dupes beyond the reach of proof, who like to believe and do not like to be undeceived;" Attention is next directed to the case of Air. Crookes Yet one more witness to these marvellous phe nomena we must bring before our readers— a trained and experienced physicist, who has ex perimented in his own laboratory, and has applied tests and measurements of the most rigid and conclusive -character. "When Mr. Crookes— the discoverer of the metal thallium, and a fellow of tho Boyal Society — first announced. that he was going to investigate so-called spiritual phe nomena, many public writers were all approval ; for the complaint had long bcea that men of science were not permitted by mediums to inquire too scrupulously into tho facts. One expressed " profound satisfaction that- the subject was about to be investigated by a man so well quali fied another was " gratified to learn .that the matter is now receiving the attention of cool and clear-headed men of recognised position in science;" while a third declared that "no one could doubt Mr. Crookes's ability to conduct the inves tigation with rigid philosophical impartiality." But these expressions wero evidently insincere, and were only meant to apply, in case tho result was in accordance with tho writers' notions of what it ought to be. Of course a " scientific in vestigation" would explode tho whole thing. Had not j Faraday exploded table-turning? They hailed Mr. Crookes as the Daniel come to judg ment — as J the prophet who would curse their enemy, spiritualism, by detecting imposture and illusion. But when the judge, after a patient trial lasting several years, decided against them, and .their accepted prophet blessed the hated thing as an undoubted truth, their tone changed; and they began to suspect the judge's ability, and to pick holes in the evidence on which he founded his judgment-. In Air. Crookea'a latest paper, published in tho Quarterly Journal of Science for January last, we are . informed that ho has pursued tho inquiry for four years ; and besides attending seances elsewhere, has had the oppor tunity of making numerous experiments in his own house with the two remarkable mediums already referred to, Air. D. D. Homo and Miss Kate Fox. These experiments were almost ex clusively made in the light, under conditions of his own arranging, and with his own friends as witnesses. Such phenomena asjeroussive sounds; alteration of the weight of bodies ; the rising of heavy bodies in the air without .contact by any one ; the levitation of human beings ; luminous atmearances of various kinds : the arm ea ranee of hands which lift small objects, yet are not the hands of any-one present ; direct writing by a luminous detached hand or by tho pencil alone ; phantom forms and faces ; and various mental phenomena— have all been tested so variously and so repeatedly that Air. Crookes is thoroughly satisfied of their objective reality, , Mr. Wallace appends in a note a brief statement of the most wonderful thing that has yet happened in connection with the movement: — The objection will here inevitably he made ;— " These wonderfulthings always happen in Ameri ca. When they occur in England it will bo time enough to inquire into them." Singularly enough, after this article was in the press tne final test was obtained, which demonstrated the occurrence of similar phenomena in London. A short state ment may, therefore, be interesting for thoe who cannot digest American evidence. For some . years a young lady, .Aliss Florence Cook, has ex hibited remarkable mediumship, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which ap- Anrl ir% mliifa -fl nnrrr » vaVos pctUGa . uuiutgukcu auu iu nuivv AVUQO . while she lay entranced, in dark clothing and securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that tests of ah apparently con clusive character were employed, mauy visitors, spiritualists as well as sceptics, got the impres sion that all was not as it should be ; owing in part to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that the two could not be seen at the same time. Some sup posed that Aliss C. was an impostor who managed to conceal a white robe about her (although she was often searched), and who, although she wa3 securely tied with tapes and sealed, was able to get out of her bonds, dress and undress herself, and get into them again, all in the dark, and ih so complete and skilful a manner as to defy de tection. , Others thought that the spirit re leased her, provided her with a dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one gentleman— an ardent spiritualist — to seize tne supposed cn?rif. firtrl "flnrlrifivAT hnlfl if,, in thfi hone that some other person would open the cabinet-door and see if Miss Cook was really there. This was, unfortunately, not done;- but the great resem blance of the being he seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escape from him, convinced this gen tleman that it was Aliss Cook herself, although the rest of the company, a few minutest after wards, found her hound and sealed just;as she had been left an hour before. To determine the question conclusively, experiments liavo_ been made within the last few weeks by two scientific men. Mr. C. F. Varley, F.K.S., the. eminent electrician, made use of a galvanic battery and cable-testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miss Cook's body (by fastening sove reigns soldered to'wires to her arms). The appa ratus was so delicate that any movement what ever was. instantly indicated, while it was im-' possible for the young lady to dress and act as 'a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these conditions the spirit-form did appear, ex hibited its arms, spoke, wroto, and touched several persons ana this happened, he it re membered, not in the medium s own house, but in thait of a private gentleman in the West End of London. Fornearly.au hour the circuit was never broken, and at the conclusion Aliss Cook was found in a deep' trance. Since this, remark- able experiment Air. William Crookes, F.R.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidence. Ho contrived a phosphorus lamp, <anu armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by the spirit, and there saw and felt Aliss ( Cook, dressed in. black velvet, lying in a trance on the floor, while tho spirit-form, in white robes, stood cIo3e beside her. During the evening this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company : and Air; Crookes, by permis sion, clasped the figure in bis 'arms, and found it to he, apparently, a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this figure is not that of Aliss Cook, nor of any other human being, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr. Crookes's own house as completely as in that of the medium herself. The full statements of Messrs. Yarley and Crooke3, with a mass of: interesting detail on the subject, appeared in the Spiritualist newspaper in March and April lost; and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can bo reproduced hero, and that men of science are not precludod from in vestigating these phenomena with scientific in struments and by scientific methods. 