MINING. WEDNESDAY EVENING THERE was a better feeling in shale and oil stock this morning, the advance reported yesterday being supported. Sales at 13s. to 13s. 9d. Copper dull; Peak Downs changed handa at .irregular rates, ranging from 6s. 3d. to 7s. 3d., sellers at the former. No transactions ia gold 01 coa^ i. > c An expert sent by the directors of the Star.of Peace G. M. Co. te examine the reduction pro- cesses used upon the stone from their mine has furnifched a very satisfactory report. After careful investigation of samples of tailings and residues, he lound the amount of gold whick escaped to be only 17-92 grains per ton. » Our Hill End correspondent reports, by tele- gram, tbat the balance of RawBthorne's crushing yielded 61 oz. 2 dwts. A parcel of 24 ton» from the Royal Alice gave an average of ¡15 dwts. per ton. l North Williams G. M. Co.-Tbo mining manager Bond* following report for week ending 7th instant :-" The shaft hastien sunk 4 feet, making its total depth 398 foot. The country -we are going through IB still hard granito, bntj, the channel is getting narrower, which will omiblo n\ to get down quicker. Tho lodo ia 16 inohes wide, iurj good looking stout. About 26 tons of quartz ure _y» at grase." Rarma G, JÍ, Co.- y »der da«5 ftti, "_?_,, tho mining manager reports as füÜüws !--'« W* ojiW work done during last fortnight baa been crosscutting, total lenCÍ0- Ol erostout is 13i feet, at which distanca we out JCrohmanu a * 0» i vein, wbnh we found to bo carrying gold but not payable. I proposo to try tho same vein GO lent higher up, where wo had a good show of gold when milking the monkey shaft prior to the formation of the company. Beyers and Holtermann's G. M. Co.-Undor dato loth March, Ihomining manager repoits as follows:-" Sinoe my last report on tho 3rd instant I havo not been ablo te work in tbe bottom of the north shaft in conséquence of water. I havo been baling constantly six hours eaoh shift, and I think that I shall bo able to get the water down by to-morrow. I havo threo horses at work, and as eoon a* the shaft is dry I shall puddle the water back aa it eames from therein in the orossout. We are still driving and Etoping on the vein at the No. 1 and 2 le vola,, and, likowine stuping and raising quartz from No. 3 level (towards'the northern boundary. ¡Stone ruined this week, 3 tons." The nuning manager of the Golden Belt G, M..Co. writes under date 8th Maroh :-" Thoßrushlngof the stone raised in tho five week« by the wages mon was, finished to-day, giving a return of 66 OÙ. la dwts, smelted gold, from 44 touB stone." Band of Hope Co., Avisford.-Tho mining manager, re« ports : -" The slates I mentionod in my last still continues. It is very strong and does not Bhoot so well as I expected. Water is coming m freely all over tho face of the tunnel. The quartz seams aro Btifl continuing. Wo have driven 4 feet this week in fine-looking strong slate full of quartz THK RANDWICK GRAND STAND.-It ia under- stood til at ten designs for the new Grand Stand at Rand- wick have beon received, but, owing to pressure of business, the committee cannot meet to inspect them before Tuesday next. ' ' ?. ANOTHER JUVENILE OFFENDER DISCHARGED. -The Yass Courier states that a boy, named Davis, who at the last General Quarter Sessions held in Albury, was con- victed of committing an indecent assault upon a young girl, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment or detention, in such reformatory as the Executive might name, was re- leased from Yass gaol, where he was being temporarily con- fined on his way to Sydney, on the anthority of his Excel- lency the Governor. The warrant for the release states something about the lad being forwarded to the Vernon. It would appear as if the Government were disposed to play into the hands of larrikinism. FATAL ACCIDENT NEAR BINALONG. - On Friday evening (says the Yass Courier) a man, named Partington (formerly, we believe, a member of the police force) was killed by a fall from his horse, near Thomas's selection, beyond Binalong. FREE SELECTION ON THE MOIRA RUN.-The Pastoral Times of Saturday; observes :-"The case of Joachim versus O'Shannsby is oxpnotejd to como olf iioxt month at Deniliquin. It will undoubtedly be the gre Host land clnss case tried since the passing of the Land Act, of New South Wales (1861). Mr. Butler1 is retained for Sir John O'shanassy, and groat care has boon takon em both sides to get up «ho case. Plaintiff (.Toaohim)'» olaims damages for alleged trespass os «elcotions takon up by>hitn in tho names of hie ohildren, whilo defendant allégées''that Slaintiff was and is a trespusber1 in tbo mimes of two chu ren who were not in legal posBesbiou of the selection*,1 de- fendant's lease being a bar to selections by ' minors, which be alleges aro null und void. The pleading* ara carefully and elaborately drawn. The Land Aot state« that ' any person ' way select, and a person in law ii) a man or a woman." A DISOHACEFTO PRACTICAL JOKE:*-Tho Western Post relates that on Friday night last two youths (one of them an aboriginal) wore fishing on the banks of the river¡ near Mudgee, when a man with a sheot over him stole behind them and waved his hands over their head* without Kpeaking. This sudden apptritton (for the'boys thought it a ghost) struck terror roto thom. The black boy ran for his life, and hid himself in nn adjacent corn- field ; while his companion, who was almofit paralysed With fear, screamed mott piteonsly for help. It Miggestod itself to a couple of men living in the neighbourheoer'whi) hot rd these terrible shrieks that some ono was drowning,'and em hastening to the spot the truth was disowerod, and tbe youth fonnd in a most exhausted und terrified condition, utterly uaablo to speak trom his voice being paralysed by the violence of his outcries. THE GOULBURN VOLUNTEEE FOEOB.-Conse 2uent on the resignation of Lieutenant Chisholm, Erong« lignan has been directs to assume command oft the Goulburn conpany of volunteers. At parude on Monday evening Entign Dignam read a> letter from the Cominan damt, dated, '26th February, in reply to one if rom private Rossi with reference to his eligibility to be proposed for ro« election as captain. The Commandant state* that to pro- pose hi» would be regarded «a highly insubordinate, and evincing contempt for the action of hi* Kxoelluncy the Governor and -«entire Council, and a very eulpable» dis- regard of constituted authority. The »letter further »tate* that the Commandantes nuable to state what the remit te» the company would be of euch a course a* the re-election of Captain Rossi. , The nsnnl prartioe ia stated to be for tha senior smbaltem to fill the vacancy unless he be» ineligible, i In conchuion the bommandatit directa.-at the campas*; b* 1 »itbontdskyi-ätmdoi-sdac-io- ~< .< 