OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From* our cwn Correspondent.) Adelaide, November 28. The municipal elections claim chief attention. At Kapunda they have passed : off quietly, not needing a contest; hut in nil the' other munici palities the candidates are sharp and keen. For Adelaide the nominations took place on Thurs day, and the reading of the formal papers with the names of the proposers nnd seconders occu pied no less a period than four hours. Air. Councillor Bagshaw filled the position of Return ing Officer, and in answer to a question said he had examined the Act, and found It was imperative to read the wording ofevery nomina tion paper as well as the full names and titles of every proposer and seconder. When this decision WHS announced f]te Hall cjujckly becatno empfy of all but,the Oliainnan, the Town Qlerlr, tffQ reporters, and a dog, whose love for corporate bounties is stronger than Uia I0Y8 for corporate benefactors. "With an enormous sigh. the Town.. Clerk commenced his Herculean^task. - The old repetition of the fine quotation-"Butchered to make a Roman holiday"--had, it is said, a monotonous effect upon the poetic mind of'Mnrk Twain ; what then could be expected from the reading of a whole string of.unpoetical names such as Tom Brown, James Smith, and .Jack Robinson? The dog laid down on the Mayor's seat and snored ; the reporters played at pitch aud toss for pennies; and the presiding officer yearned for a pipe and tobacco. Indeed the latter looked at the Act over and over again, to see if an interval for smoking were allowed, but not being able to find it lie resigned himself to the keeping of the unpropitious fates and the Town Clerk, with the look of despair in his eye. and a huskiness iti his throat, as if U wanted some mollifying fluid, proceeded with his work hour after hour. ;He began at;12 o'clock, aud he heard 1, 2, and 8 o'clock successively strike, but it- was not until 4* o'clock struok that, he approaohed to the-end of his monotonous,tusk. | With feeble voice and exhausted mien he named j tlie last name and then fell back into his chair completely done up. The strain had been well nigli 'too initcli for hiih. His corporate stomach was nauseated, and no amount of municipal sympathy or comforting refreshment could for that day restore him to his customary equi librium. Not even " tired Nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep"-at least the balmy .sleep of-one night-^-coiild drive the ever-recurring names from his. mind. They miuglcd with his dreams in all sorts of fantastic shapes and mental incongruities. He dreamt that Mr. Allott had made a decoction ? of city stinks aud had prevailed upon Messrs. Burford, Mucklow, Rowland Rees, aud Backhouse to administer it to Mr. Councillor Goode ; and while Mr. Goode was contemplating witli rueful visage the effect of the draught his thoughts flitted to Mr. Solomon, and. scrip of a thousaud sharesrwas brandished before his eyes. Gold !-tons of it were pitched into his dust-bin, and mentally he resolved that his own vote should be given to the wealthy Hebrew. But a fairy passed her wand over the dust-bin aud it became full of household refuse, for which a market-gardener was making a bid. Then the form of Mr. Colton passed before him, followed by Tomkiu son's ghost, who made such extraordinary gyra tions that the high strung nerves of the excited Town Clerk snapped like a violin string, and lie awoke-but to his intense relief lie found it was nothiug but a dream. The Adelaide public are accustomed to sells ; but it is a long time since they had such a sell as they got yesterday. Iu return for the kind ness experienced on our shores, Captain Stevens of H. M.S. Barracouta determined upon giving us some entertainment in the shape of a sham naval fight. Accordingly notices of the affair ap peared in the newspapers, and the day was made a sort of holiday. People came in from all parts of the country ; special trains were laid on by the Glenelg railway authorities ; aud thou sands of people of all sizes and conditions wended their way to Glenelg to witness the great naval engagement. It was felt that the wind was rather high, but it was thought that this would not deter British seamen, who all the world over are noted for their pluck and their heed lessness of fear. When it was suggested that they might get wet it was ironically asked whether sailors usually took umbrellas When it rained. But on reaching Glenelg it was ascer tained that no amount of satire would bring the mariue entertainment about. The officers had made up their minds that the weather was too rough, and in spite of the appealing presence and looks of thousands of spectators they deter mined that disappointment should rule supreme. There was a little shot and shell practice, but as this was done from the ship upon the water nobody but the fishes enjoyed the fun. The people went back thoroughly disgusted, and some of them, thinking the railway authorities had been concerned in the " sell," demanded the return of their money; but the railway clerks, with a malicious wink, asked them if they saw any greeu in their optics, with which sarcasm they went out and wept bitterly. I have said before that Commodore Bundey is a popular man. With the salts at the Port lie is 2mr txccllcncc first favorite ; nnd he lists made troops of friends botli in towu and country by his frank, winning manners. His political opinions inclinc him to liberalism, and he has giveu recent proof that he is desirous of doing his share as a useful legislator. At a dinner given to him at Nairne on Thursday evening he advocated, in a speech of much force anil elo quence, the higher education of woman. He dwelt particularly upon the necessity of teaching her domestic knowledge, and referred to the National Training School for cookery which had been established in London, where everything connected with household duties, from lighting a fire and scouring a frying pan up to making an omelette or turning out a jelly, is taught. Mr. Bundey is anxious that the young women of this colony should be similarly instructed, and it would be a blessed thing for thousands of homes if they were. If a woman can make a pudding as well as play the piano she is a double joy to the partner of her choice, but if she can only play the piano and cannot make a pudding, then she is little more than a drawing-room toy. She cannot control the kitchen, but must be entirely at the mercy of her servants ; and if she lias no servants her plight must bo a pitiable one in the extreme. Mr. Bundey will do much to enhanco the domestic happiness of many a fntiiro home if lie can initiato the educational reform he has in view, and about 'which he has descanted in such noble and eloquent terms. 