HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, MAY 6. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mr. WEST-BRSKINE, from the Chair- <*> man and Councillors of the Strathalbya Dis- <*> trict Council, for £150.000 for the construction and maintenance of main roads. Br Mr. ANGAS, from tiie District Conntil of Taaaaaa, with nshaOar prayer. By the ATIOBNBY-GBNK&AL.; from the Oistrist OoansQ of Hamilton, witt a similar piaysr. By Mr. BOLOMON, from the Corporation of Adelaide, that they might be regarded as the promoters et a Bi? far a BaOtSog Act. AH3WBBB TO QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of PCBUO WOBKS te Sir. Bissow, tbat sight plan* had beea re oeived for sew Parliament Hoases, aad it bm tateaded.te plea* them wbera tbey outfit be Inspected by member*. Te Mb. Passes, that tbs state at taa road at Tssuay^Gap would reoeive U* attention. To Mr. IffliUT, thst the season the harbor taaprvvements at Fort Victor wsse not yet ande available, waa that the fond* provided were iaaufllaient to com plete the works s* origiaaUy proposed. The farther expenditare of money would be delayed until the report oa tba survey for a eaaal from Goolwa to the seaboard had been considered. To Mr. Lihds&t;, that the proper diameter ef railway wheels wis regulated by the speed aod character of the road. High speeds required large wheels ; low sports required small ones. It hsd not beea found expedient to increase the «S3 of the wheel* of the passenger damages on Oe Strathalbyn aad Middleton 6 ft. 3 In. Una. To Mr. Lanan, that she addi tloas to the Telegraph sad Post Office bond ing* at Penola were ia progress, and tenders srere to be invited. To Mr. Picsxanra, thst tba wsftsr mains srere laid to TBettartoa, aad would be gassttsd this week, after whidi the sun lens oonld be Utd down as required. To Mr. Bancs, that ths paldling of the new reservoir woald probably be completed in twelve months; bat ia aay event water woald be adoiitted during the esiewing winter, aa was the ease last season. The old reservoir was now rtsnding at 34 feet 6 incite*, sad if rain fell at the rate ef one lash per month, the prwil depth of water oonld tw easily sssin tained. There waa at least three months' supply in the eld lummili, even if no nin Cell la tha interval To Mr. Draoas, that the Engineer-in-Chief antuipited bong able to sead a ssifsyui oa tbe Port Wakefield sad Kadiaa line eariy thi* month, bat would be usable to ds as until ths ead af the month, as the surveys of lie Pert Pirie, Port Beeqghiea, aad Bart WaaafiaU extension liaes had assaptsd the whole ef tbe nrafasslenal ttleat at tte disposal of ths aepsrtaseaL The Surveyor who laid eat the Kadiaa line, was now completing the Port Pirie Uae, and oonld aat be removed withoat materially inter fering with that work. Tha mils, engine*, faaaks, wheel*, axles, As., fsr the Pert Wake field aad Kadina Uae hsd beea ordered from tegbad. The -wawf- 6BOBS7A&T;, to Mr. Bbat, fiist ae aotiea had beea spend to discover the perpetrator of Oe Pest-Offiie robbery. He had ao further information to give. None of the aotes had beea pat lata otaeatatiea. To Mr. STSVsasor. that the matter had received the P«s*oaal attention of another member of tba Ministzy aad himself, aad the thorough enquiry oommeooed woald be ooatioued. Te Me. WAKD, that the Government had taken special step* to aaoertaia the origin of the recent railway aosUeet*. The Ohief Secretary'* replies to questioa* askad by Mr. Barrow re speotlng bonds aad the Northern Territory law suit sri? be found elsewhere. ADDRESS TO THB GOVERNOR.—AD JOURNED DBBATK. Motion for adoption of Address, to whidi Mi. Boooaat had movod the foUowing amend ment en paragraph C: —To add tbe werds " Bnt wa disapprove af the saatiansnee of free immi mtioa at the present time." : Mr. LAUKIK said last session he advocated free immigration, bat during the last 12 months ihe had seen reason to alter his viewa Tbe > Government were not bringing out the best • olass of people, aad they wsm loatag the cream 'ef their population, wha were srossiag the ' Border, taking with them mash valaable stock • and a good deal of cash. He beUeved that from • 1,500 to 2,000 persons bad gone fram South at Australia to Victoria; aad, when thl* fact was ig taken into consideration, lt sroald be aeen that ie the £30,000 spent oa immigration had only r, kept ap the population, without adding to ar it. He was aorry that this shoald be L the case, but, nnder the circumstances, ;r he wss foroei to oppose immigration. te (dear, hear.) The Hoase had tho assurance ie that a Civil Service Bill would ba introduoed, >t and he did not think that wonld take placa n before sash a measure win wanted, for hitherto n he thought that the Civil servants had been a treated acurvily. He hoped that the Bill wonld ; have the effect of placing ttem in a better posi |e tion, and ia that case hs woald be hippy to ,t assist in passing it. Aa a country member, he i, intended to oppose the proposed expenditure on e tte Adelaide Institute, as being a work that o should give place to road* and railways, which 0 were more preaaingly required. He liked to see j tte practical studied before ttey went in for a beautifying the city. He believed thst the B Beal Property Aot had done a vaat amount of i, good, and he was diaposed to think ttat the i- lawyer* in that House were too fond of picking holei in it. He regretted that the c Government were proposing to interfere srith >. the land Uw; bnt he wa* ia favor . of reducing the price of land. Twenty b shilling* an acre sraa a* much aa a man ought and coald afford to pay srho intended to coltl j vate his land. He waa sorry that tte Treasurer 1 had spoken as he had done on the preceding 5 dty. He said he doubted the wisdom of de i daring the whole oolony into one area; and yet s that was srhat his Government proposed to do. IHe thoaght that it wm tte duty of the Govern > meat to let things remain as they were, rather than do that which they knew would be pro ductive of injury to'any section ef the com- I oionity. (Hear, hear.) He believed that there i was an immense amount of country within the line of rainfall that might witt advantage be put into the market. Mere, he thought, shonld |be done with the dninable land* in the Sonth- Bast than wai being done. He had re i eeived a letter from a most intelligent resi i dent in that part of the oolony, who pointed out the importance of attention being given to the land that required to be drained, beoause, tpart from that, there waa no mote bind in the ;jouth- Eaat fit to carry population. Wa* there aay one who woald affirm the contrary ? (Mr. Ward—" Yea.") If it existed it waa unknown to bim (Mr. Laurie), and he knew a* mnch of the district as Mr. War-ldlL (Mr. Mortlock-" The discoverer.") Thert Hare hundred* of thou sand* of acres of good lsad that only reqoired draining, aad it was advisable that money ahoald be spent la Mining it; tte Government cool 1 take good care to charge sufficient for the land to cover the eost of drainage. He had yet to learn ttat tte Northern Territory was anything else bat the white elephant it had been described as being in the past. One course open to them was to cat the painter, and let the Northern Territory look after itself. (Mr. Solomon—" No.") If they were as wise as Solomon ttey might know what to do in ths nutter, (laughter.) He regretted that the Education Bill, which waa earned throagh ttst Hoase laat session wis rejected by the Oouncil. He thought its rejection did net reflect much credit apoa them; aad if igno rance was to prevail, hs wa* cany that tte Upper Hoase was elected in the manner it sraa. If eertainjmemben went to their constituents for re-election they wonld find a difficulty in getting elected. He was very sorry that there ' ahoald be thoae in tte Council who pot in toUigenee in one aeale aad money in the other, (dear, hear) Although he had neither chick nor child to ml to school he ' was quite willing to have hi* property taxed to pay for the education of the children in the colony. (Hear, hear.) If half the ' House were coantry memben there would be ' no difficulty ia passing a Koad BUL Victoria . had a bettor road system thae ve had. The State there did not think of maintaining the j road* ; their maintenance wa* thrown opon the ' Shire Councils. He was willing to vote for a ! measure that would make landed proprietor* ' pay towards the maintenance of roads through ' tteir properties, by whieh they were made I more valuable. (Cheer*.) The sooner they passed a Boad Bill, throwing the msinte aaaoe upon the people, the hotter it would ' be. It was only a question of time. ' (No.) Perhaps of intwfflgmnn, too. (laughter, j aad cheer*.) He would vote for ttis ex- ' teasiou of oar telegraph system, and for ' a water supply for Yorke's Peninsula. He did ' aot kaow the Government aoheme for dealing ' witt the drained land*; bat it srss necessary there ahoald be some system. (Hear, hear:) ' He regretted that it was not stated ttat it wa* j intended to carry on tte drainage works. He ' did not say there had not been a waste of money in connection with thoae works; bat that wa* ] the fault of the people who hsd oarried them out. He thoaght that the Hoase woald be wise : if ttey spent a lnmp of money in reclaiming ' laad which was inferior to none ia Sonth Aus- j tnlia. He was surprised that there was no ■ allusion in tte Speech to railway extension in J the North ; for he was satisfied that a railway ' fram the Bona line to Olare woald be a repro. ' duetive work; aad although a representative ' of the South-Bast, he woald be ready to vote ' for the carrying oat of tosh an aadertaking. ! Hs thoaght ttat tte Government ahoald con- < rider the qaestion of opening ap Bivali Bay by means of a railway. It was a natter that re- j quired immediate attention. There waa ' another subject that he woald refer to, aad ttat j wa* tte Immense quantity of potatoes produced ' at Mount Gambier, whish potatoes were carried ■ over the road to MacDonnell Bay. As matt as < £120 per mile had been neoessary In the past to ■ maintain that read, aad that sum would be J quite inadequate now witt the inereaaed traffia ' Under these cueumstanees he waald suggest * tte substitution of a railway for tts road. I There would be a few heavy gradients dose to ' Mount Gambier, bat beyond ttat ha saw no I diffioulty in carrying oat tte work. He was ' disposed to think that beiag a Mead of the ' Government was a mistake. Had he Seen eon- ' tiaoaQy ba?yiag ttsm, they would probably j have given Ua aiaiiSlilag to oooeiliate him; ' si>d he thoaght ttey ought to give him some- ' thing, beaaase he was vary moderate ia his ■ demand*. - (A. Hugh.) He hoped that the *• GovenMUt tnmtil take a dedded stand, and < do that which was -right*.' By adopting that I eoanrtfMT (sssjiflaasa mars ttaa they would < if thoy triad ts plsaaa a few treats la tta Parii- « iSeataiy stream of member*. (laughter.) He ' did aot believe ia men who retained offioe for ■ place and pay aad net to carry out thsir policy. ' (Hear, hear.) If the Government brongfat in ' measures that had hb approbation ttey might > reckon npon his eapport. (Laughter.) There I were men who, even nnder these eireamatanees, < would oppose the Government, (dear, hear.) ' McBAKROW said there srere two question* ( beforethe House—onewsstheaJoptlenof there- . ply toHIS Kxcell?ncy'SSpeech, aadthe other wss j the amendment moved by Mr. Booesnt. He had . been informed ttat another amendment woald j be moved; bat as that had not been tabled, | aad as he had aot tte remotest Idea what it re- , ferred to, he ooald aot, area by anticipation, | deal with It; and he mast, therefore, confine ( himself to the motion, and to Mr. Boucaut** , amendment disapproving of the continuance of / free immigration at the praaent time. He j woald state at onoe that his vote would be witt , Mr. Duncan, and in saying that he wiahed it to , be «dearly anderetood that he was not express- , ing aa opinion at the praaent moment on inuai- f gratioa. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that no hon. ( memben would be betrayed Incidentally inti | giving aa expression of opinion on a subject et t such vital importance; and if aay qaestion | deserved, this] qaestion destined, to be j brought forward after notiaa, ao that every a hon. member woald hava sa opportuaity of , preparing himself for the debate. He wss wdl , aware that tte amendment was strictly ia order, , bat although in oider, he wished to point oat , the Inexpediency of such a matter being brought , nnder consideration without previous notice. ' (Hear, hear ) He did not kaow whether hia , viev* would be in acoordanoe witt thoae of . others, bat he denied to explain that in | objecting to th* amendment, he did ao j beeaaae he considered that a queetion of j ■odl grave importance ought to be discussed , after notioe. Taking that view of the ease, j he ooald not give a vote that woald commit him to a qaestion of vital anlonUl polioy unless , thatqaesttoa had been brought forward after , doe notice given for It* eooalderattm. (Hear, j hear.) Mr. Boacant ssid he did mot expect to , carry his ameadmtmt. He woald respeotfally | aabmlt to tte hoa. gentiemaa, srhese knowledge | of Fariisaieatsiy practice waa veiy extensive, , whether It was srlae to bring forward aa im- , portent amendment sad admit at tbe oataat | that there wa* no expectation of carrying it (Hear, bast.) The Ohief Seoretary referred to , Mr. Barnaul as tite reoognised leader of the > Opposition. Ha sroald like the Ohief Sects- , tary to indicate the Opposition Uaelt (Hear, j hear, and laagktar.) Ha woald like him ta , toll them who were tte members of tte Oppo- , sUion, aad when the Ohief Secretary had spot- ■ tod ttem, it wonld be Cor them to say whether , they reoognised ths hoa. member for West ( Tonens as their leader. (Hear, hear, and , laughter.} He did aot say that the memben , of the Opposition woald not elect Mc Boacant . as their leader; bat be would be bettor able to ] express aa opinion npon that aabjset if he , knew who the memben of the Oppontion were. (Hear, hear.) He woald say again thst in his , opinion—aad he did not wish to urge it open . the acceptance of other hon. memben, bat j merely to vindicate his owa eoane of action— , that although the amead.nent wss strictly in order aad strictly Parliamentary, a question , of such vaat importance ahoald aot be dis posed of iaaidmjtally, bat folly astifed «a , the Notice-Paper. He sras sorry that the . Treasurer was not ia his place—bathe was sore , he had anffimest isssims to be asmy—f er he wished to mention that ia his speeoh yesterday , the Treason* aaid if tiie amendment was oar- \ , ried, the Government woald rerign. He , thought at the time ttat it was hardly wise for { , tbe Go venunsnt, at the very opening of tte 1 sesooa, to throw down tha gaaatlet like that, and *eek to intimidate the Hoon by threats when the «m??dii?^t ooald haidly be eon' ridored a no-oonfilence motion, tte mover having himself aaid that he did not expect to earry it. (Hear, hear.) Ths Treasurer could i not hava oonsolted his eoUesgaes before making that remark, or, if he did, it made the matter tea times worse. Sach a threat waa mnch more calculated to turn person* against tbe a Government than to decide In their favor those it who might be a little wavering. He would ly jast look very briefly at the Speech itself. He io did not think thstit would be fair to submitsuoh te documents to a very critical examination, because i ) generally speaking tiie minimum of sense in tim u maximum of words wu what was aimed at, ~ not only inviee-regilbnt even royal speeches. I, They were not particularly degraded if tiie ;3 Speech put into the mouth of His Excellency 0 should fall short of what they thought those a model documents should be. At the same j d time ther.) were in the Speech nnder conridera [. tion grave omissions whidi srere very aignifi. 0 cant. He was sure the Chief Secretaiy ooald 6 not have consented to the omission of reference a to tiie Transcontinental Railway, without his t feelings undergoing sad oammotion. (Laughter.) \x Hon, membere would recollect how eloquently, e imploringly, enthusiastically, and passionately r the Chief Secretary pressed upon the attention B of that House the vast importance of the f Transcontinental Railway scheme, (daughter B and hear, hear.) No price was too high to pay f for the railway—no sacrifice too great to make 9 for it; aad he named a land concession that mads 1 even the friends and supporters of tiie wobeme r stand aghast. (Laughter, and cheers.) A yaar r passed away, and he then came down with a t measure by srhich he redaoed the concession by . about 50 per cent (Mr. Ward—"4oo per r cent") That would be all of It. (Laughter.) , Now, a Governor's Speech was delivered ia which there was no reference at aU to tfao rait ; way—the grand scheme had disappeared like tiie " baseless fabric of a vision." and nothing was left to represent it but the Chief Secretary . himself. (Laughter, and cheers.) He wss sorry there was nothing in the Speech about the consolidation of our bonded debt. (Heat, i hear.) The Treasurer had been in a better , position to deal srith tbis matter than any pre , vious Treasurer; everything was ready to the hands of the Treasurer out af which to con struct a measure for consolidating our various denominations of debts, ft was highly impor tant that this should be done, but instead of doing this they srere told that Bills srould be brought In still increasing the number, and he supposed multiplying the diversity of our existing bonded debt. He was sorry thst the Treasurer hsd not undertaken the matter, but he hoped that it waa net too late for him to do so now, and show that he was not in different to the importance cf tts aubjeot, and was not incapable of J?«H"g with it. Then, again, noalluslon was made ia the Speeoh to the Mu-ray Biver trade. The time surely had fully come when aay Government pretending to be solicitous to advance the material Interest* of the oolony would feel bound to take op thi* queation. He would be happy to support the Government in any feasible plan for securing for thia colony the traffio of the Biver Marray, bat they appeared to be indifferent on the sub- i jaot, ani to ignore this great qaestion alto gether. (Hear, hear.) Toero was also no re- < ferenee to another matter — a measure to facilitate the arrest of absconding debtor* on i this and ou the other side of the Booth- i Kastorn Border; and they ought alao to < have had some intimation of a measure ( to regulate the sharebroking badness, for if t anything admitted of reform it waa the ahare- < broking business in this colony. (Hear, hear.) i On all these and other points the Speech waa 1 absolutely silent; and he most say that it was I a matter of surprise to him that a document i of this kind, which purported to be an exposi- i tion of the Ministerial policy, should omit re- j ferenee to matten that were indispensable to < be dealt withjin a comprehensive administration i ot the affaire of the colony. (Cheers.) In the < third paragraph of the Speech it sras stated — ■ " My Government has not hesitated to grant all i reasonable requests nude by tha Peninsular and I Oriental Steam Navigation Compwy." What a were the unreasonable requests that had not 4 been granted ? Perhtps the House woald have i a little information oa that subject. (Hear, < hear.) The next paragraph hoped *' thit ad- i vantage will ba taken of this to complete aome ■ important edifices, to aid iu the erection of « many Institutes in the coantry districts, and to i provide for many other much needed public i works." Here they had " important edifices," t ** country Institutes," and "many other * much needed publio works." That was rather I too indefinite to enable persons to judge whether • theae, on the whole, weie desirable works. (Hesr. t hear.) The Spiejh also told them that "my t Government has made large advance* out of , revenue towards the expense of completing t several duly anthorisei public worka." He * would lik-t to know what the works were, and * what the amount wai disbursed from the Trea- | snry. He had ao doabt that information could * bs given, but it should have beea given. The i Ihtimate*. they were told, were ready, and t would be plaoed in their hands without delay, t Then they come to a paragraph 7, whidi aaid I —" The amount expended for immigration haa I been the me ins of introducing a number of 1 suitable immigrant*, all of whom hare speedily r found employment." He was not prepared to « contribute to that. He hoped that it waa so, a but the fact waa aot ao easily proved. He r would like to have aome evidence ttat la this a matter the wish sras not fatter to the thought • —(hear, hear)—and he wonld Mao like informs- , tion as to the discovery ttat immigrant* . introduced at the expense of the State I were not bound to remain in the oolony t aday after their arrival. (Hear, hear.) He weuld t like to knew whether the Government were o aware of jthat before ttey ordered tbe last lot of ( free immigrant*. He would now pa** on to the « 16th paragraph—"The administration of af- fairs in the Northern Territory has been a a eoarae of much anxiety." There was no doubt « about that; but it Shonld he a source of aome- t thing more than anxiety; it should be the t oooasion of comprehensive statesmanship a (Hesr, hear.) They ahould want to know not I only how core ths disease srss, bai what was * the remedy. (Oheera) He was afraid that C they weald Gad the Northern Territory a costly | acquisition, but they must not on that account c shrink from discharging every fair obligation, r He was, however, quite sure that ao aooa as A the Northern Teriitory wa* able to maintain I itself, there would be aa agitation for sepa- r ration from this colony—(hear, hear)—and * though we might debit the Northern Territory t with all the outlay connected with it, getting t payment at the rate of 20*. in the pound was fc a very different thing. (Hesr, hear, aal t a laugh.) As to tiie introduction into the fc Northern Territory of Coolie labor, he was a satisfied, aa moat hon. members were, ttat I if the p'aee was to pragmas it weald ha vs to bs * by the employment of audi labor. (Hear; a hear.) .Bate tight hand mast be kept upon the ] purse-atring* as regarded Northern Territoty | expeaaee. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Myles had raised « a question aa to whether tte laad polisy of the t Government wis the embodiment of their own a or of Mr. Ward's ideas. Whatever doabt t there might be aa to the origin of aay partiauler | idea, the man wha brought it forward, aad * plaoed it before the public, aad made oat of a ii shadowy theory a bard concrete substance had t his name nonnested with it more thaa tiie teaa t whe evolved the theory bnt did not carry It * farther ; and he thought it would be admitted ( that tbe polioy brought forward by the Govern- | ment was that shadowed forth by Mr. Wapd. { (Oheers) He wsa dlspoaed to think ttat the i [And Act had not had a proper trial, but if by 0 a short """""M-g Aot they could Improve fts a working, ha would he prepared to give suoh a t measure his aupport, (Cheers.) But he must * take exception to the language used, and the tone assumed, by Mr. Glyde. He had beea 'known aa oae who had no sympathy witt ■ advanced land reform, and now he had plated * himaelf at the head of that party. (Hew, c hear.) Might not, some one might spk, J an hon. member change his views f Yes. Sash . men as Peel, Gladstone, and Disraeli had * changed their views; but what he complained * of was, that tte fteasorer appeared to have' * changed hia polity- and ant his opinloS— ™ (hew, heat)—beeaaae Mr. Glyde on the nke- * viooa day warned farmer* against availing * themselves of the meaSore that was part of * the Government polioy. (Choots.) Befsreaoe * had beea made ia the eoane of the debate to g the adviasbienesa of establishing a defease * force. Mr. West-Erskine apoke in favor of * audi a force to quell internal disturbance*; I but Mc Boacant repudiated ttat idea. That * hon. member would, however, aupport tte " organisation of aaeh a force to check aay J aggressive attack. He (Ur. Barrow) had heard * it aaid that a statement had been made by a J member of tfae Ministry that with 1,009 men * he woald have pat down the Moonta strike; * but, unless Ufe ar property was imperilled, the ? employment of aa armed fame in soeh a case ***• would aot be justified. (Hear, hear.) Ttsry * had yet to learn a lesson as to the relation that j existed between capital aad labor. The nun srho worked wss not neoessarily the servant ?f J the aiaa for whom he worked. Th? employs' * engaged to da a oartaia amount of wotk. • for whidi he was paid, and if he did * aot perform the wotk, he srss liable to ha ■ actios. Allusion had also been made to Oolonsl " Wsrbarton; and he was sara there was ao oha :* in that House whe would support mom readiy * ttaa hs wonld ds any reasonable propoaitita ' to give tim Onload aome publio recognition of . * the valuable service he had rendered as an ek- J plorer; but it should be borne in mind that he- * was seat oat hy private gentlemen, wfaaae pib- * party hia journal* were, and srho, very properly, ' would be able to obtain any advantage that J might accrue from his exploration*. His journals coald not be ased by the Government f tor the benefit of the oolony at Urge. Wtth I refetsnee to a water supply for Torke'a ' Peniiisnla, could the Government tell srhat ! amount of money woald be raised hy j srhat was proposed? If the whole of J the mining population wss not indnded in ] the Corporation boundaries, the Government j subsidising contributions by £2 to £1 might aot j produce sufficient money ta carry ont what was j required. He would reserve his opinion on this J •abject. As he had ssid, he woald vote fsr the ! sdoptioa cf the Address ; and he hoped that ' amongst the measures introduced by the Go- j vernmeut woald be aome dealing with tte in>- ' portant questions srhich had been referred to I to the course of $he. debate. He trusted ttat ' the Government would be able to bring the ' business of the session to a satisfactory aad aa ' early close. He woald give the Government all ' the support he could, aad whenever he had a ' doubt respecting a matter he would give them the benefit-of that doubt. (Oheers.) The CHIEF SBORbTABY wa* sura he was I • expressing the sentiments of every member of the House when he aaid that it was with great pleasure he had liitened to the hon. membra- srho had just sat down, especially as they aaw that the weakness srhich last Parlia aeeat kept him from them did not now attach itsalf to him, hot that he wa* himself again. (Bear, hear.) Mnch fault had been fonnd srith tfae Speech and the Addrea*; sins of commis sion and omission were named. It sras easy to find faults, especially of omission, in aay Governor'* Speech. The hon. member for Monnt Barker, Mr. West-Erskine, sras sur prised beeanse there sras not an elaborate scheme of defence provided for ia tiie Speech, bat he believe 1 mat if the Government had ssid they were going to bring before the House a measure for effectual defence there wonld have been far more opposition. One hon. member wonld have got up aad said he hoped they did not intend to go in for a lot more of those big guns, and so on. (a. laugh.) The matter was not at the present time ripe for settlement by a single colony of Australia. It ws? s matter which affected all the colonies and mast be dealt with by aIL Mr. West- Enkine had then referred te the expedition ot Major Warburton, and he aaid at once that he wa* sony that no reference was made to it in the Speech. Probably If the Govern ment had furnished the money for it thay woald have looked upon that expedition as a matter whidi ahonld have been alluded to. He alao thought allusion ■hould have been made to another expedition, not so successful, hut which reflected great i oredit on the .young "explorer who attempted It (Hear, hear.l The next omission srss that ■a referenoe to the Biver Murray Railway, but lion, members must be aware that this was in inch a state that it would be impossible for/ them to say anything definite about It. AI nzrvey had been made for a canal, and other laminations were being made in the matter, rhen the hon. member lie. Hughe*, also, found Eaolta of omission in the Speech, bnt he could >nly say that the Speech sras something like a aige newspaper. The difficulty was not to ind what shonld go in, but what should be rapt out. If everything was pat in that was ranted by every member of the Government, t woald sat to be a very bulky document, so hey hid dmply to make a selection. He roald aay nothing about the disagreements letwaen the Government aad the Education Sosrd. Hon. members iwtrald shortly have ihe papers before them, aad ha believed tbey rould thea acknowledge that the Qovern oent acted rightly in tile matter. Then Cr. Boucaut rose, and said he intended o move an amendment to the Address. lon. member* knew what that meant. In amendment to the Address always carried rith it the fate of the Ministry. He hoped no loverement would ever assent to an amend aeut of the kind proposed snd consent to retain ffiee. (Hear.) With respect to it, he simply rished to point out that if a member voted gainst the amendment be di 1 not necessarily ote for free immigration. He hoped they rould have a good deal to say abont immlgre-' ion this session; but such an amendment ss hat before them eould only be intended ? have one effect—that of ousting the Go enunent. Mr. Boucaut, naturally enough, ken lefeiied to the land laws. It had een proved that the limitation of the sur eyed land* to land inside of the line of ilnfall was undesirable. He had always ob scted to defining line* too particularly, and it as ia this re«peet that the great fault of the rea system lay. The particular laad people anted was always just outside the areas, and >it wss now. The very land that was wanted -a* just outside this Une of rainfall. He hoped lose who were going In for lhe land would be ■ecessfaL It was not for any one to say to to farmer " Ton shan't take that land; it's ot St for agriculture." It was the duty of tiie lovernment to give him the land if he wanted ;. It had become a general principle that the luatter Should have what land was not re sired by persons srho wonld make a better se ef It; but when it was required, the (natter had to give way. He contended lat it wa* very undesirable to have fixed lines, i hsd beea done. The persons who wanted ie luid were be*t fitted to say whether it was liable er not. Mr. Boacant also laid them int he sras not opposed to assisted immigra on, though he disapproved of free. Some raple made a vast deal of dffdrencs between ie two, though in oae esse it wss immigration t £12 per head, aad in the other immigration fc £14 per head. Did any member of the [ouse really think that 200.000 people were iffident for the colony, srith their nature! icreaae. The Idea waa absurd. An increase > the population of the colony would be an mease of the community. (Bear, bear.) He id alao expressed the opinion of Mr. Dudley leld In one tiling, and he oonld tell him that s heard Mr. Field express the greatest aur rlse that there eould fee found people in the ilony who were opposed to immigration. He id that nothing had tended more to the ea ohmeat of his own country than the enormous nan of immigration srhich was eoattnaaUy raring in. He had felt there srere times hen it was undesirable to have immigration -(hear, hear)—bnt there wae times when a ooaaldered it absolutely neewsary, and ie present was oae of those times. The dlways in the North wonld require a large untity of labor, and they would have to im n-t it. They were not going to ask for an cjucaaive amount of money for immigration, he rreararar had stated what they wanted, id he would not farther touch upon that. He inddered It hardly necessary to deny the state tent thst any member of the Government id ever aald that If he hsd a thousand ddlera, they wonld aoon put an end to the te strike. (Sear, hear.) That was a matter hich had nothing at all to do with the , overnment, bat was a private affair between ie Director* aad the miner*. He admired the tmistency of Mr. Laurie srith regard to the nd qaestion. As population extended the Mnand for roads woald increase. Sooner or ,ter they would have to face this question of nd legislation. (Sear, hear.) Mr. Laurie oold he glad to see by the Bstimates when ' ley came before the House that st ation would be paid to the district which 9 represented. He was sony to hear that ie population ia the district had been reduced r 2,000. If that were the ease the require rait* of the district will cot be so large. (Mr. uirie—" Oh!") He hoped the hon. member aald admit that he had made some little ex tgetntioninthla. (Mr. Laurie-?'Not a bit.") ir. Barrow had alluded to the fact that the , oansial poliey of tte Treasurer had not been - nbedied ia the report, bat he considered ' ist all subject* connected with tiie financial taagements of the oolony ahonld be confined i what was known as lhe Budget speech, and these tilings' were te come oat ptevieuily it ould auke this speeoh lea interesting Man usually was. If the amendment srere lost ie Fnti-mstm would be immediately laid before lem—(hear, hear}—aad he considered they ould be fonnd more thaa usually interesting, 4 , ae) hoo. member said |the Oivil servant* ad been treated ** scurvily," but be did not link he {woald aay that when fce aaw the < itimate? placed on the table. (Hear.) Of lorse the Government wonld oppose tha nendment, if not withdrawn, as strongly a* Ley eould, but he trusted that Mr. Boucaut ould withdraw lb Mr. PS ABOB had heard that another amend- : eat was to bs moved. Hs did not know hether It was so or not. He wa* aet in the ' raIHWMi of that hon member, so could not eak positively on tiie question. He found alt with the address itaelf; net only srith ■ mnsgin contents, hut with the order In huh they awe plaoed. He presumed lat mate matten which were plaoed : at, and were bandied together, were matters ' minor Importance. (No.) Aa far ss eduaa on wss eensoaed, be wa* prepared to give sutddratlen to any measure (ush a* sras before ' ie Hoase Isst year. H ths Government were ling to play fast aad loose with the road que*, an, tiie aame as they had dons last year, he ould certainly, at the elections, attempt to iae op on organised opposition to extort om every member a promise thst he would ipport some sohamo or other for the reoEgaai itioa af the toad system ; hat he hoped tiie overnment srould bring forward such a —*??t < ths eountry would be satisfied with. (Hear, sar.) The question of Immigration wss most Important oae, aad he would be dlged to vote with tiie Government on this leatiea. He believed that some kind of im igretlon was absolutely necessary. (The • hiaf Seoretaiy—" Hear, hear.") He admitted, < iwevsr; thst hi* belief in the necessity for im igrstion had been somewhat shaken of late. le thea referred at some length to the fact < tat the Oeasaiissiohor of Orowa lands had io munh do, observing that there should be separate member fsr the Northern Territory, : ie for immigration, Mid another for Orown ■aJa His opinion was, that the laad should > surveyed In mnoh laqger hlooks, ao that a an who wanted a good farm might be aide to ■ it It in ona block. They should he in Uocks r6OO or 700 acres each at the very lowest. He ' dleved this wouli have more effeot than tiie mre "reduction of prioe in keeping ther farmers i tbe colony, bat tbe present system induced ich aa unhealthy eompetitioa that it waa bad ir the colony at large. The Government Mild not plead ignorance oa this point. Hebad ointed it out to the Commissioner of Orown anda, who had promised to give Instructions sat a larger quantity ahonld be surveyed In irge block* than formerly had been done; ut that *ame afternoon he went up in the rain srith Mr. Smith, a fanner, who told him lat he had jaat made an application to have a lock of 600 acre* surveyed, and the Surveyor, lenecal replied that he sroald do nothing of tie kind. He mentioned the names so that liere shonld be no mwt..lr_a in the matter, and lis onus sraa thaa thrown upon the Govern tent to aee how the laad was surveyed In atom. He thought that there had been a rest many of the permanent waters surveyed nto the seotians i"«tT*'l ef having been Nerved, aad he advocated the reservation of lost of the watere now remaining. He believed be Government were making a grave mistake a fceapingto tiie auction system of disposing of he lsad. (Hear, beat) He would rather go •ek to tiie "lot "system than keep to the sac ion, which simply induced an unhealthy rivalry rfaich did harm instead of good. H« thai re- ferred to the leasing system, by which farmer* could Itaie 3.000 acres at 6J. per acre, with a right of purchase. He was glad th it had baen successful, but he believed that pirt of the Act woald want a alight amendment, so as to pre vent any one person from leasing two or more blocks of 3,000 acres eaoh at the aame time. He referred to the Northern Territory, condemning the Government for not having given aay title to the various Mining Companies. IftheGerern. meat were not In a position to give the boun darle* of the claims, they ought to he. (Sear, hear.) The energies of tim persona composing these Companies were tba* deadened. Tfae Government ahonld issue some kind of a title. The success of the Territory wss, in a large degree, in the hands of the Government now. Would they give some kind of a title, sad thns allow the Companies to get moneys to carry on their works with? He advocated the introduc tion of Coolie labor, and stated that he approved of the action of the Government on tbis matter. There were many necessary Government works which could be carried on if the Companie* did not assist the Government in the matter. (Hear, hesr.) Sir. ANGAS was certainly surprise! at the action of the Government with respect to tiie land question, and it seemed to him that they had simply adopted tiie polioy of Mr. Ward. (No.) They had a policy, then, exactly similar to fait. (Hear, hear.) They had altered their opinion* rapidly. Mr. Ward had introduced tiie subject Isst year, and it had been repudiated by the Government (Wa) He considered that the present Act had met with the approval of the community at large, and it seemed puerile to seek to change it yet. If some altera tion wss made now there would be some other amendment necessary next session, and he thoaght it would be advisable to leave it to a new Parliament to discuss. He did not see any reason why the diffimlties spoken of should crop up now. The House had not had an opportunity of making itself properly acquainted with the working of the preeent Act He felt convinced that it woald be useless for agricultur ists to venture to tiie northward of Ooyder's line. He knew tbe coantry, sad wss csrtsia it sroald never do for agriculture. He knew there was a strong feeling existing against free immigra tion, mostly among the working clssses them selves, but he thoaght that toe mnoh iaipor tanoe waa given to this opposition. He had always advocated assisted la preference to free immigration, beeanse when people sent home for tteir friends it wss most probable they would stay iu the colony. He agreed with tiie Government aoheme for introducing colored labor into the Northern Territory, at it waa evident that Baropeaas could not work there properly. He had been opposed to the go vernment of the Northern Territory being carried cast such a distance aa Adelaide. Ifit had been a separate Government it would have been better for thi* colony. Tbe settlements on the drainage works in the Sou«h-East had not been opened up as they shoald have been. The inhabitants of that district would not go te the North. They J preferred to go across the Border into Victoria than to go into tite Northern Area*. He had been surprised to find that no exten sion of tbe present Northern line of railway had been mentioned in the Vlce-Bega! Speech. He hoped attention would be directed to it during the session. The recent explorations by Major Warburton and Mr. Gosse would be of immense value to the colony and tbe world at large, and he hoped that suitable recognition of their services would be made. He did not know what the policy of the Government would be with referenoe to tiie road question, but he trusted that the sum voted at present would be Isixely increased. It wst poor policy to try and starve the roads, ao as to make the House pass a fresh Ast. He thought tbat in prosperous seasons tha Government should not be too anxious to spend any excess thoy might have, er they would aooa find that taxation would be largely Increased, and all the best of the Orova lands would be sold. There was no doubt thst tim River Marray trade had been allowed to slip out of the hands of the people of thi* colony. Thesurveywhieh had taken place was * perfect burlesque, Init he hoped they would before long have a cmal which woald make the river open, not oaly to Port Adelside, but also to other porta. He believed the navigation would be found to be practicable, and hoped the river would soon be utilised for the purpose for which it was no doubt origin illy intended that of being the high way for communication with the interior of the colony. Mr. WARD aaid the remaiki of Mr. Angas would seive veiy well far a leader iu the Register newspaper. He had adopted the stock objections to any alteration in the land laws cf tiie colony. He would jaat re mind Mr. Angas, ttst If it had aot beea j for him and othsca ImMi-g tite same opinions they would have beea able to get a 801 originally that wonld have needed no alteration. (Hear.) Mr. Duncan had asked how it was the Government expected to carry lueh a 801 as had bean mentioned, seeing that in the asms Parliament a similar policy had beea rejected. His reply to that was that the , House sras very differently constituted now I from what it was then. 1 hree membere who hai voted against these principles bofore had retired, aad given place lc three who would support them ; and had it not been for the dafecdoa of three memVer* of the Ministry, the policy would have been carried last session. They h\d Bow come back to their first principles. If they pressed the matter, he had no donbt it would be settled this session. Thea Mr. Myles had given credit to the Government for having adopted thia policy long before he (Mr. Ward) ever gave utterance to it. Bs ad mitted the truth of this; bat the difficulty wsa to aay what had not been thdr policy. He would show them by the career of the Own mis •loner of Pnblic Works. He chose him Nwsuse it sras he who cheered Mr. Mylea. When tiie pre sent Chief Secretaiy, than Commissioner of Crown Lands, brought forward his lint Lands Alienation Aot, leaving the tram during which the land was to remain open for selection blank, it was proposed that the Mask be filled In "one year;" bnt Mr. Bright proposed that it should be "five years," aad said he considered that only a f.ir and reasonable term. But then came the translation of the Attorney-General to ihe place vacated by the then member for Barossa Mr. Baker. Thus the Commissioner of Public Works waa deprived of his then leader, and he found it neoesssry to ally himself to some other. Mr. Boucaut then aaid be would go for a compromise of aix months ; snd tbe Commissioner of Public Worka then opposed one year as being too lengthy, and joined Mr. Boucaut in supporting six months. Chen in the following, session he voted fo? two years, aad last session one year sraa quite ■uffieuat. Thaa they aaw—fint, five years, then six months, thai two year*, again one year, aad new haok again te two yean, Thsy might refer to the doeasaents to prove the caae; he waa only giving absolute facta. Ha then re ferred to Mr. West-KcsUne's remarks about the defence being aeoessuy, aad stated that he did not believe ttat tbs men from ths Mooate and Wallaroo had aay of tha detestable Inten tion* that hon. member appeared to attribute to them. (Hear, hear.) They mast admit that the men had acted very quietly, and reoollect that they did not cast the first stone. He had felt a gaest sympathy with tiie Treasurer, for he felt convinced that gentleman knew he was pleading a bad came. Hs waa nothing like so effective aa usual. He ahould reoollect that they had never yet had a laad law liberal enough to attract population to tbe colony. (Hesr, hesr.) They had never been able to compete with other countries srhich hsd laws more liberal by far. By adopting tills proposal they would not be depredating the value of land already 'old, but the value would greatly burease. (Hear) He blamed the Treasnrer for consenting to open op land whioh he (the Treasurer) believed it would be ruin to them to attempt to till. He believed it was a bad example to Australian statesmen. (Tbe Trea snrer— ** No.") He warned them—(hear)—that they were—(tte Treasurer—" ruining a risk.") WeU, running a risk, although he believed it was running to rain, bat he woald take the Treasu rer's varaion. Why did he do this, what reason eould there be for itf (TOe Treasurer—"To prevent worse.") The* tt wss a mere ex-' pedient. Hs did this baosass if hs did net, la order to keep offioe, he would hava to do worse. It was aet worthy nf him, and he was surprised at it. He Was certain tim country had no oon. Bdenee lathe present Ministry. If a plebiscite were taken of the people ef booth Australia be was certain it wonld be vutly against tts Go vernment (Hear, and oh.) The Treasurer stated that he had looked with alarm at the rapid manner in srhich tfae land* were being alienated from the Crown. If that was tiie ease, why did he introduce a Bill to make such alienation easier? It was simply because the country was demanding it. He advocated the "tender" system being adopted inatead ef tbe limited auction, which led to an unhealthy competition, which did far more harm thaa good. He had always objected to the "lot," aa hs considered it nothing but 'a system of State gambling. (Hear, hear;) The tendfer ayatem would be found tiie fairest ia the long run. Tb«a Mr. Laurie had stated that there were no lands Inthe Sontb-Ksst fit for cultivation exoept those ia process cf drainage, bat he wss mistaken. Then was land ia Baker's Baage, ia the vicinity of Blaokport, in the country near to t&oepede; Bay. There waa also laad in the Tatiara oountry. There was plen'y of good land, and hs pretested against wasting the money of the country by carrying on these drainage works. Ho believed that the trip of the Commission had been of use, and had done some amount of good, for it showed him that it waa merely throw ing money away to continue theae work*. Sir. Barrow had asked the qaestion, where wa* the Opposition, and immediately gave very strong proof that he knew where one cf them war, for if ever an opposition spe6eh w*a made it had been made that day by Hr. Barrow. (A laugh) The Government would have to consider many other parts of tbe i*«_m«, They bad given the Hens tbat a brief idea of what was wanted, but there would be a good deal more required to be brought forward than what waa expressed in tbe Speech if tbe measure waa to he at all satisfactory to the country. The Government should grapple srith this diffioulty. There was no doubt ttat dnmmyism existed nnder the present system. He believed rs the Commissioner of Grow i Lands would a remedy tbe mttter if be knew of it. During .n the last month or two there hsr] been a gnat ct deception of the Government, and it raised e- * serious qaestion, as it WU deceptUnfuaetised re by a member of that Legislature. He eould [e pat his hand an land selected ia tte Forth ig not more than five months age, taken out In to the name of Thomas Lewis, a shepherd, who j i. was in the employ of a eqnatter holding a seat i- in that Legislature. The property was ran np r, to a very Ugh priee, and B was a matter rf ig common repute that Lewi* had not aCS note te to blew himself with. Yet hs purchased this 3\. land, and five months after selection there wu ;e as good a sheep-proof fence round the laad as r. on any run in the colony. He (Mr. Ward) is pointed eut the difficulty of meeting suoh eases n when the measure sras bsf ore the House, and •. tte Attorney-General drew a clause by which a d selector was to make a solemn declaration of his bona fides, and if this wu proved to be * false he was to be liable for perjury. A solemn i declaration ought to be sufficient. He thought ; there should be a Commission to enquire into this subject, and then possibly ttey e would be able to ascertain where the money e came from that paid for this land. Why . should they wait for improvements to be made u defined by the Act, when ttey knew that * the man was only a dummy selector ? The r posrer the Government had should be enforced j here to dear them from the disgrace whieh I attached to the country aad the Legislature fay I their own members authorising tte infringe- I ment, aad providing ttemsdves for breaking I their laws. ("Name.") The Hon. A. B. Murray w*s the gentleman he referred to, and ~ tbe selection was on tte Booty Biver, V little , below Charlton. He found sheep-proSf fences t erected, and it proved to him that the laad , was not taken up for agricultural purposes, and now, though the technical conditions of the L Act might be complied with, the land wu to I all intents and purposes taken np for squatting and not for agricultural purposes. It sras his ' duty, u a public man, to refer to this, and tte Commissioner of Orown Lands should certainly [ take action to stop any practices of tte kind. ! The Ohief Secretaiy promised him that surveys should not be made in such a manner uto I oblige the fences to be taken, aad yet ttey had been so made; showing that whatever the House might desire aad insist upon being . done, administrative ability wu required to , carry ont ttdr desires and wishes, aad it was clearthatthatadministretiveabllityhadnotbeen manifested by the present Government. He oould apeak on other topics, but he had no desire to occupy the time rf the House. If the amendment were pressed he ahonld vote for it. He did not see that the Ohief Secretary aeed take thi* u a vote ef no confidence. If he wished to express hi* feeling on tte question of immigration,<he did not think he ahonld be prevented from doing so by tte fear ttat it I would be accepted as a mark of want of oonfi dence. The Ohief Secretary in his speech that day amused him. He talked as if he srare a consistent land reformer. He thought he ought to he allowed to express his opinion of his I colleague without being thought.guilty of pw- I sonaiity, and he would accordingly aay ttat fais < honorable colleague had deceived him. He < secured his (tlr. Ward'*) vote and Parlia mentary support through one session by hold ing out the intention that he was going to support a system of land reform. He came ( now making similar promise*, but he did not think these would be accepted. At any rate be < (Mr. Ward) would not give his support again. The Government had committed themaelvea by their action in regard to tte introduc tion of Oootte labor, not having had tte eano tian of ttat Hesse. He did not uy ttst action had been unwise, bat he thoaght ths subject should have been remitted te tho consideratiee ■ of tte House, especially in view of tte faot of ! admissions by Ministers largely interested U to these speculative Companies. It ahonld have ■ been clearly proved that theae laborers were j necessary for the Territory before authorising J their importation for private Companies, pro- ' bably to be hereafter maintained at the expense of the Government. He believed if it had not ' been for the influence Northern Territory speculators were able to exercise through one of the members of the Cabinet, this and aome J other propositions would never have been en- . tertained. As wu said by a member of the ' other House, it was a mere attempt to keep , alive a few swindling Companies a little longer, j As far as he could see at present, the Northern Territory won'd practically have to be abaa- ■ doned as far aa quartz mining sras eonoerned. : Tom Moore must Save almost had a prophetic viiion of the present Government. Some lines he wrota were veiy applicable to ttem; indeed, J they could not he more applicable if they had J been written apoa them. Tfae lines were— " *' What though long years of mutual treachery <j Had peopled full your ministerial shells f With ghosts of pledges murdered 'mong your selves; { Though each by turns wu knave and dupe, £ what thea ? a A holy league would set all straight again ; tike Juno's virtue, whieh a dip or two In some West fountain made as good as new." (Great laughter.) Did the Ministry think ttat the people of South Australia would accept tte professions made by tha Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General, and Commissioner rf Public Works—made for no higher purpose than ta ee earetheirseatsatthenexttlecticn;aadtteTrea- I sorer's cry of expediency wonld have leas weight. I Tbey ought not to trust such men ; tte eountry * did not trust them, and ttey ahonld not be 1 allowed to have the arrangements for tte forth- ( coming elections. If ttey had, it wMrid be J political treachery, for they woald take eare~ < that particular members had no more than one I chaaoa. That wu a motive for private mam- I here to consider tte matter, but a higher ' motive was, that it wu grossly unfair to tts ' people of South Anstrelia that euoh an undue « advantage ahould be allowed ttem. He sap- * posed the Ministers would take care that they t themselves hsd two or three chances, and ttis 1 wu tte very reason why membere should pre- i vent them having these dunces. t The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said tte last ' speaker had roundly abused most of tte Ministry, hot hsd not seen fit to refer to him J more than incidentally. I sraa well known with g regard to the questioa of vote of no confidence, r that any amendment on the Addreu wa* tan- 0 tamount to a vote of no eonfideaoe, and was a always taken as such. With referenoe to the question of Coolie labor, ttey were blamed for not consulting tbe House. He would point out that it sruessentially necessary, if anything was to be done, it should be done at onoe, and a * messenger mast be on his wsy for the object; J aud be wonld point out ttey hid tte telegraph, I. and oould cancel anything which might be eon- J sidered injudicious action. Mr. Ward had f made a great deal ef reference to speculator*,, u apeoulatlve Companies, and ao on. He (ths J Attorney-General) had pat hia money into £ Companies with a view of developing tte Northern Territory; and it ill beoame the hon member te uy these were a lot of swindling Companies. Still, he eould afford to listen So aU the hou. member might say without beiag * much affeoted. He oertaialy protested, hotr- * ever against the way that the hon. member for 3 West Torrena spOke of tte flumminrioaar of **• Orown Lands. To say that the oourae he had ~ punned wu equal to political ohioanery aad * dishonesty wss, he thought, very unfair, * for every one knew knew that in his views tte * Commissioner of Crown Lands wu bonestaad * straightforward. He did not wish to make £ aay attack on tte member for West Toireas, s a* two black* did not make a white—(laughter) * —but eveiy one knew that the Commissioner of " Orown Land* wu not guilty of tbe oondust * tte hon. member attributed to him. The " Government challenged investigation iato the sray the Crown Lands Department had been managed. They oould not answer theae vagse ohargeaexoept by denial, and be gave ttem « an absolute denial; bat they wets ast a afraid of speoifio ehaige*. and courted enquiry, a The chugs* made at publio meeting* ay o memben of that House were altogether wrong, e. aad this could be proved Referring to lands n open for credit only, be would point oat that sa a August !ut 164.921 aores were open, while an a April 1 last 277,910 weie open, or some IU OM o acres more than when tte Ministry took offion. E The surveys had been pushel ea with all pas f< sible vigor. The total amount rf land open, si for eash and credit as well, did aot mnch * exoeed that open when (hey took offioe, because n a large number .af acre* 41 M.flflty were tsfcan np nnder the 64. clause. Although he did not go itinerating about the eountry preaching about land reform, he profeised to taka some € interest ia the matter, aad a warm interest I toe. The Government had been twitted by c some members, and by tbe public press, witt b having taken Mr. Ward's policy. Be oould J say for himself that he had always sons t for £1 an acre and two years* reserva- I tion, and he never voted or spoke In aay c way contrary to this. (sfr. Ward—"Oh.") * tf the turn, member was referring to last • year-(Kr. Ward— ~ Hear, hear")—he would 8 explain that tte hon. member tabled a series of I resolutions about tte 28th of November, just, k about tte end of tte session, hardly tts time a to bring under consideration a comprehensive I system of land reform. ("You entertained J part of tte question.**) Yes, they introduced a ( Bill to meet crying evils. Long before the t Greenock meeting—and, therefore, before tbe « Mount Remarkable meeting—tte Commissioner 1 of Orown Lands said it wu necessary to have a these schedules repealed, and that he must I have more land. He (the speaker) had always * held the idea that they shoald not be bonud t by aa arbitrary line—like Goyder's line, for f inttaoce—and believed if people thought ttey 1 could get good agricultural land in certain spots, t they shonld be allowed to get it. They had no t right to support one interest to the min of J another, and if there wat any considerable por * tion of land available, by all asean* lat the * people take it up. He defied Mr. Ward to • anew that he bad been inooaautent with regard t to hi* views on land reform in aay one par- t ticular. There bad been rumots rf a no-oonfi t denoe motion. It this was what wu intended, t let them say so in plain terms, and bring it oa. i They srere prepared to meet it. Mr. Boaeaut I had been wrongly informed with regard to t Mr. Gowliog, tte emigration leoturer, and * what he understood wu not ihe oase at aIL He (tte Attorney-General) must aay j a few words about law reform. It had been ! ssid, ttat having taken Mr. Ward's system rf ; land reform, thev would also take his system rf f Jf?T Jtf'L"* o'?' ?' BBt *•** *™M find oa [ tts introduction of the BiU that it was totally djffsrsnt H* would like to read a few worib ot comment on Magna Charts, :the boast rf 58_?,^!,,?,,• il*.? mori* «>«"neated on were • We wUI not aell, we will not deny nor defer to Barman jartioe or right." The cominsti ww* by Mr. vernen Harcourt, and were as fol lo?*/~.. *£*•*, f*l^ of this Pemt charter is substantially violated. .Justice and ri?ht sre practically sold to those who have the means rf paying for them. Justice and right are avoided by the procedure which maka them all but inaeeeaaible to all but the rich. Justice and right are pemetuaUy delayed til! tbey afford no real redress for wrong, and thus tho laws, whidi ought to be tte buckler of the weak, become nothing else but the sword of the slron-*." That was written hy a man who was mM 'ao**i **d he believed his eloquent remarks would be endorsed. There was no doubt that the ddays experienced by suiters und<r the presaat system were simply ruinous. It was not the fault of the Judges, bat of the system. " Jf 8""*? 3-wfemng to the case of White T. s~___~7 *** * aionstrous anoma'y that a decision as to whether certain woiks on tte Torrens should bo continued or not. £ a*?" J** tlu,ee «r four yeare. He bad aent home for the rules under the Mew Judicature Act. He had looked at thst Judicature Act^ and he did aot think it would TS?' <!L tt*t *' •"?!* rone3y the present evils. What he wanted to see was a fusion rf law and equity. He had hid a convocation with Mr. Dudley Field, the eminent jurist, «nd he believed the real remedy would be the adoption of a system something similar to that in force Ib America. Hon. members would see it waa qnita impossible in two or three nion-hs to initiate a system of law reform, ani it was not a matter to be dealt with hurriedly. He had drafted a Bill for a revision of the Local Oonrt system, and had tried Lis 'prentice hand on thia fuaioa of law and equity. If he oonbnoed in that Howe he wonld do his best "J* ■??ot a real simplification ai this question. He hsd done as much as he could, bat he could not promise to initiate a system ol oomplete law reform this session. Mr. Ward's perambn'ations round tte oountry were realty Setting monotonous. Hi* accusation that £_Jf!r.*,,,? ed. i*- 1*0! to his principles ire ™**L'y denied, and he wonld, if the roles Sl?? Ho2!? Pe™"**6^ gi?e it a more forcible denial. They had only Mr. Ward's own state meat* for the principles he was actuated by. Oertaialy if he could have gone to Kngland as Immigration Lecturer this gentleman, who was so anxious about the land and law reform, would have left the colony to take cire rf itaelf, and the fanners'friend would have for gotten his tie* to the farmers' interest*. Kr. Ward, in his statements, reminded him rf Hood's Una to E. Wilson— "No fool is fit to eat ft union he ha* chewed it." (Greatlaugfater.) Heeeuldgiventbehon. member another quotation fram the same author, ad dressed to tte same person, who was as great a humbug as Mr. Ward himself— "Tis not as plain as the big hill of Howtb A man has got his belly full of meal. Because hespesln srith victuals in hi* mouth." (Boars of laughter.) Mr. REK4 moved the adjournment ef the debate.' Oarried. The House adjourned at 7.29 tfll aert day. 