"LABORERS TOGETHER WITH GOD." BV KORUAN MACLEOD, D.D. • The60 words seem to me to express the idea of true labor, such as God calls us to, and in the doing of which there is a great reward They imply that tho living God has a work to do on earth, in men and by men ; that in this work He has—if I may so express it—a deep personal interest, because it is one worthy of Himself, and for the advancement of Hi6 own glory, aud the good and happiness of man. Now, God wishes us to know this work, and to sympathise with Him in it. He does not conceal from us what He wishes done, or what He himself is doing : nor obliges us to remain for ever blind as to His will and pur poses regarding ourselves or others; so that, if we work at all, we must work according to onr own wills only, and for our own purposes Instead of this, He reveals in His Word, by His Son, through His Spirit, and in the con science, what His will is—what He wishes us to be and do. Nor does He say to us, " Learn my commands, aud obey them ; but seek not to know why I have so commanded." Were it impossible, indeed, to know why any command was given, the more fact of its injunc tion would itself demand instant compliance; " but," says our Lord, " I have not called you servants, but friends, for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth." The servant or 6lave does not occupy the place which the friend does. The one hears only what is commanded; but the other, through personal acquaintance with the master, is enabled to sympathise with the righteousness and love in the command. The friend not only knows what, as a servant, he must do, but sees how right and beautiful it is that he should be commanded so to do. In like manner, we read that God made known His " ways" to Moses, but ouly His " acts" to the children of Israel. This revelation of principle and plan to His servant was indeed a speaking with him " face to faceand thus does God speak to us now in these latter days by the grace and truth revealed in His Son. And it is only when we thus know God's work on earth, and when, from a will and character brought into harmony with His, we see how excellent the work is, that we can be, not laborers only, but " fellow-laborers" with God ; — not workers only, but " workers together" with Him. Consider, for instance, the work of God in our own souls. This is, as far as we ourselves are concerned, the most important work in the universe. Upon it depends whether the universe shall be to us a heaven or a hell. " What will a man give in exchange for his soul ?" is a question which assumes that to the man himself nothing can be so valuable. But has God any work to do in our souls ? Has He ever expresse-l any wish as to what He would have us believe, become, or enjoy, or revealed for what end or purpose He made our spirits I Is there no wrong state or condition in us with which He is " angry" and " grieved," and no right state with which He is "delighted," and over which He " rejoices ? " Has he laid no command upon us to " work out our own salvation with fear and trembling?" and has He given no intimation of His " working in us to will and do ?" Or is it to Him the same whether we are wrong or right ? Surely we can have no difficulty in replying to such all-important questions! If a man loses faith in the reality and sincerity of God's wish, that he personally should have his guilty soul freely pardoned, and his unholy soul sanctified, aud his whole being renewed after God's own image,—that he himself should be a good, a great, a happy man, by knowing and loving his God; and if a man brings himself to such a state of practical atheism as to doubt whether God knows or cares anything about him ;—then it is impossible for such a man to be a fellow- laborer," a "worker together" with God in his own soul; for he does not know and has never heard of any work of God required there. But if he believes that God is indeed his " Father is heaventhat He has goodwill to him, and therefore desires bis good by desiring him to bo good;—that, for the accom- plishment of this end, all has been done which is recorded in the Bible, from Genesis to Revelation;—that God has been working in him, through agencies innumerable, since his childhood, by parents and friends, by tender mercies and bitter chastisements, by Sabbath ordinances and pulpit ministrations, by the constant witness of conscience and the Word, of God, in order that he should know and love God his Father,—then, seeing this, will, he see also how he may be a "fellow-laborer: with God." And have not you, my reader, been conscious of this work? You cannot get quit of tho conviction that there is One higher than yourself with whom you have to do,—One who is ever with you, seeking to, deliver you from evil, from your own evil self,, —One whose voice is never silent, and who is righteously judging your daily life. And have you never been conscious, too, of fighting against what you certainly knew was not self, but a holy, winning, mysterious power or Person, who opposed self, and for that very reason was resisted by self ? And therefore your sin has not been the ignorance of good, but opposing the good,—not the absence, bat the resisting of a good work in you. It this very principle men will be condemned, for " This is the condemnation, that light hath come into the world, and men prefer darkness to light, because their deeds are evil." And if this has been your sin, so has it been your misery. In exact proportion as you thus " hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord," you become wretched and unsatisfied. No wonder ! for with whom does the man work when he works in opposition to the will of God ? In refusing to serve God, he serves Satan, and becomes a " worker together" with " the spirit who now worketh in the children of disobedieuce!" Well, then, what are you to do ? I reply: " Yield yourselves to God;" " be subject to the Father of your spirit, and live." " Wherefore do you spend money for that which is not bread ? aud your labor for that which satisfietb not ? Hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness. Incline your ear, and come unto mo: hear, and your soul shall live." Instead of being workers against, seek to be " workers together*' with God in your own souls; to have His "work of faith and love," and everything beautiful and holy, perfected in love. Believe in Jesus Christ as the living Person who alone can and will save you, by pardoning your sins, and giving you His Spirit to make you like Himself. Begin your work by assuming that God is working in you to will and do; and because you have Him, through His omnipotent Spirit, working in you, do not be as one who beats the air iu aimless and profitless warfare, nor strive against nor grieve that Spirit, but through Him " work out your own salvation." In thus pleading with you, I feel that I myself am but working with God; tor I can say with the apostle, "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you us : we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God. For He hath made Him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him. We then, as workers together with Him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain." Put this question in another way: Suppose you had met Jesus Christ when He was on earth; that you had listened to one of His appeals when He preached the gospel from city to city, and felt His eye looking at yon as He spoke in His own name, and in the name of His Father, saying, " Come unto me, all ye who are weary aud heavy laden, and I will give yon rest"—" The Son of man hath come to 6eek that which is lost," and the like; that you had witnessed the delight it gave Him to do good, aud to find any one willing to receive His overflowing love, and the sorrow He endured when meu would not believe in Him or trust Him, but preferred remaining without the blessing ; and that you had accompanied Him during His ministry oa earth, and studied His character from all you 6aw and beard,— could the impression made upon you in such circumstances be thu6 expressed, " I believe that Thou carest not for me; that my welldoing or ill-doiug are equally matters of indifference to Thee; and that there is no .faith or love that Thou desirest to Bee accomplished in my soul ?" Would you have dared to speak in anything like this strain of blasphemy to the holy Saviour had you met Him ? Or would you not have been overwhelmed by the conviction, that whether you yielded to His wishes or uot, these wishes were clear and unquestionable—that from His charaoter as a man having fellowship with God, His work as the Saviour of sinners, His revealed will as Lord, nothing could be more certain than that He wished you personally to be holy and happy through faith in His name; aud accordingly, that if you accepted Hjb call, and His offer of power to be so, you were but working with Him ; and that if you neglected both, you were certainly working against Him? But with this personal Snviour you have to do just as really and truly now as any of His :„> wjj 0 followed Him when on : earth ; and so I beseech you to be fellow-laborers with Him in His own holy and livine* , work within your own soul. Let your prayer then be: " Thy will be done 1 Let thy holy and loving will, my Father, be done in me ! 11 believe in Thy forgiveness, and am at peace with Thee, according to that will, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus. And as this is also Thy will, even my eanetifieation, j and Thy revealed purpose, that I should be made conformable to the image of Thy Son, so let Thy grace, which iB sufficient for tho chief of sinners, daily bring this salvation unto me, by teaching me to deny ungodliness j and worldly lusts, and to live soberly, righteously, and godly in thiB present world; that eo learning Christ, taking up His cross daily, followingHim and being disciplined by Him, I may bo taught to putoff the old man, which Is comij>t according to the deceitful lusts, and to be renewcdinthe spirit of my mind; and, as Thine own wbrktrianship, be created anew Jji Christ Jesus unto good works. Amen!" 1 Let us consider for a little longer God's work in ue, by Hie providential dealings towards as. A moment's reflection will suffice to remind yon that God, in His providence, is constantly working with yon. He is, for instance, a wonderful Giver. ** He gives us all things richly to enjoy." "He openeth His band liberally." His mercies are more than can be numbered; though as a father He also chastises His children. " The Lord gives, and the Lord takes away." Now, in whatever way God deals with us, whether He gives or takes, there is a purpose which He wishes accomplished. He has a work to do iu us by every joy and every sorrow. There is a voice for its in the rod of darkness, and in the ray of sunshine; and it is our duty, our strength, our peace, to hear that voice, and to know that work of providence so as to be fellowlaborers with God in it. Perhaps you are disposed to excuse yourselves for want of sober inquiry into God's dealings with you, by saying that it is very hard to know, and often impossible to discover, what object or purpose He has in view when sending to us this gift or that grief, In some cases it may be so; but it is much to know and to remember what God's purpose is not, and what He can never wish to have accomplished, either by what He gives to us or takes from us. Never can it be the purpose of God, in any case, to advance the work of Satan in our souls, or to retard within us the coming of His own glorious kingdom of righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, Never can He send us a gift to make as proud, vain, indolent, covetous, earthly-minded, sensual, devilish, or in any degree to alienate us from Himself as our chief good. For whatever purpose He fashioned our body with such exquisite care, providing so rich a supply for all its senses, it was not, assurodfy, that we should make that body the instrument of degrading and ruining the immortal soul, and of sinking our whole being down to a level with the beasts that perish 1 He never gave beauty of form to make us vain or sensuous; nor poured wine into our cup that we should become drunkards; nor spread food on our table merely to pamper our self-indulgence and feed our passions. He never gave us dominion over the earth that we should be Satan's slaves. He cover awoke from silence the glorious harmonies of music for our ear, nor revealed to our eye the beauties of nature and 6f art, nor fired our soul with the magnificent creations of poetry, that we might be so enraptured by these as to forget and despise Himself. He never gifted us with a high intellect, refined taste, or brilliant wit, to nourish ambition, worship genius, and to become profane, irreferent, and devil-like, by turning those godlike powers against their Maker and Sustainer. We cannot think, that if money has been poured at our feet, He thereby intended to Infect us with the curse of selfishness, or to tempt us to become cruel or covetous men who would let the beggar stand at our gate and ourselves temain so poor as to have no inheritance in the kingdom of God; or to make us such " fools" as to survey our broad acres and teeming barns with self-love and '"^orldliness, exclaiming, "Soul, take thine case; thou hast much goods laid up for many years; eat, drink, and be merry j" or to tempt us to refuse the cross, and to depart sorrowful from Christ, because wo had great possessions; or to choke the seed of the Word as with thorns, so that it should bring forth no fruit to perfection ! Can it be possible that He has spared our family, and enriched us with eo many friends, in order that, being" so happy" with them, we should never wish to know God as our Father, Christ as our Brother, or have any desire to become members of the family of God ? Has He given us so much pleasant, useful, or necessary labor in Iho world, that we Bhould forget the one thing needful, and leave undone the work for which we were created ? Has He given us the Church, the ministry, tbc Sabbath, the sacrament, that we should make these ends instead- of means —instruments for concealing, rather than revealing our God and Saviour ? And if the Lord has taken away, and visited us with % sharp sorrows .arid sore bereavements, was this " strange work" done by Him who does not "willingly afflict" His children, in order tiiat wo Should have the pain without the "profit,*" "faint under" or "despise" the chastisement, or become more set upon the world and' the creature, more shut up in heart ngaihst iter Father, more dread to eternal things, oi'fall into "despair/and curse God and dip? , 1 ;„ Without prolonging euch Inquiries, enough has been said; Z h6pe, to enable you to apprehend what I mean by our being fellow-workers With/God in all Hiff woVkfc ,bf frovidence that cbti^i o'arfiolVeo. ; We 1?elie^ i! that 'th^e things, whether of joy or sorrow, do not come o by chance, nor through the agency of dead mechanical laws, but that a living Person is dealing with us wisely, lovingly, righteously, —that, in truth, " the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away," and that, accordingly, there must be a design or purpose to servo in what Ho gives or withholds,—that this never can be an evil purpose, but must, in every case, be good, and that we may derive good and a blessing from it. Let us, then, be fellow-workers with Him iu seeking, through faith and love, to have this purpose realised, and to have the cud designed by God fulfilled in us or by us, so that every joy and sorrow may bring us nearer the glorious God, and make us know Him better, and love Him more, and thus possess *' life more abundantly," oven life eternal!" But not only is there a work to be done iu us, but also by us, in the doing of which we are to be " laborers together with God," This kind of laboring together with others is illustrated by Saint Paul when he says, what I have already quoted, " Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us : we pray you in Christ's stead, bo ye reconciled to God, For He hath made Him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him. We then, as workers together with Him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain." He is here, you perceive, addressing those who were enemies to God, and beseeching such to be " reconciled," But in what spirit does he plead with them ? Iu laboring to bring them into reconciliation with their Father, and to save their souls, he does not feel himself alone and solitary in his work and labor of love; as one prompted by his own goodwill to lost sinners, and Ins own wishes to redeem them from evil, yet in doubt or in ignorance as to what God's wishes or feelings were in regard to them. He docs not proclaim the gospel to one or to many sinners with such thoughts as these : " It is no doubt my duty to preach to them, and to plead with them, and from my heart I pity them, lovo them, and could die to save them; but whether God pities them or not, or truly wishes to save them, I do not know, for I am totally ignorant of His will or purpose," Surely such were not the apostle's convictions! Did ho not rather engage iu this work of seeking to save souls with intense earnestness, because he huew that however great his love, it was but a reflection, however dim, of the infinite love of God to them, and his desire to save them but a feeblo expression of the desire of Goi ? Was be not persuaded, that them to be reconciled, he could speak " as though God did beseech" them by him, as one " in Christ's stead;" and that " in beseeching" them " not to receive the grace of God in vain," he was but a u worker together with God ?" Iu this same spirit may we, and must we seek to do good to others. We dare not look upon our brother as one belonging exclusively to ourselves, or one dear to ourselves only, but as one belonging to God hie Creator, and dear to God his Father. We must ever keep before us the fact, that there is a work which God wishes to have accomplished in his soul, as well as in our own; and that our brother is given to us in order that we should be workers together with God in helping on that good work. And if so, this will very clearly teach us at least what we ought not to do to our brother. We should never, by word or by example, by silence or by speech, strengthen in his spirit the work of evil: for that iB not God's work. For when wo flatter his vanity, food his pride, shako his conviction of the truth, or when, in any way whatevor, we lay stumblingblocks in his path, or tempt him to owl, we are surely not workers together with God. In our conduct to our brother, let us ask ourselves, Is this how Christ would have acted to any one with whom He came iu contact when on earth ? Is this helping on His work now ? But, on the other hand, when our brother's soul is dear to us,—when, at all hazards, wo seek first, and above all, his good, —when ouv lovo is such that we are willing to have its existence suspected, and ourselves despised and rejected by him, even as our Joying Lord was by His "own whom Ho loved," rather than that we should selfishly save ourselves, and lose our brother; then iudeed we are laborers together with God, and possess the spirit of Jesus 1 Oh, little does the world understand the deep working of this kind of love, which, howevor imperfect it may be, yet burns in the heart of Christians only, because they only partake of that lovo which is possessed in perfection by Him who loved us, and gave Himself for us i Let us, then, remember that we are not to concern ourselves about another's good as if W6 were alone In our labors, our wishes, and our s|topktUios ; as if we really cared more than God does about the well-being of this relation or of that friend. Let our love flow out with all its force, and express itself with holiest longings and tenderest sympathies yet infinitely "above kU this love is the love of ur God and their God 1 In our truest and holiest working bo assured that wo are but a worker together with Him, the true and holy One, otherwise our labors could not bo right; for they would not bo in harmony with God's will, or such as Ho could command or The same principle applies to our moro extensive labors for the good of the whole world, and is the very life and soul of home and foreign missions. We can enter the abodes of ignorance and crime at home, and ply with offers of mercy the inhabitants of the foulest don, and plead with every prodigal to return to his Father, because we bclicvo that in all this wo are in Christ's stead, and are warranted to beseech in God's name, and with the full assurance that wo are not working alone, but " together with God." Wo can visit any Bpot iu heathendom, cheered and borne up by the same assurance amidst every difficulty, discouragement, and danger. Whatever else is doubtful, this, at least, is certain, that in every endeavor to save sinners, we are but expressing our sympathy with Jesus iu His love to them, in His longing to sec of the travail of His soul, and to be satisfied in their salvation ; and that when experiencing the deepest sorrow because men will not believe, we are only sharing the sufferings of Him who mourned on account of unbelief, and wept over lost Jerusalem because it would not know the things of its peace. All this is as certain as that there is such a iiving person as the Savionr, unchanged in character, everywhere present, seeing the evil and the good, hating the ono and loving the other, whose labor aud whose joy is that God's name should be hal lowed, His kingdom come, and His will be done on earth as it is done in heaven. Oh, how depressing, how hardening, to have any doubts as to this reality of the interest which our God and Saviour takes in the good of human souls I How must the dread thought silence the tongue, wither the heart, and paralyse the hand, that however ardent the wish influencing us to be good ourselves, or to do good to others,- God is indifferent to both, and has no real interest in either—as if we had more love, more holiness, aud more desire that the kingdom of righteousness should advance, than the loving and holy God! Nay, how is it possible for us to have any true love at all to human friends unless it is first kindled by Him, and is in sympathy with Him, who loved His neighbor as Himself ? Let mo here remind you of the only other alternative set before you,—it is the awful one of being a " laborer together" with Satan Our Lord rejects neutrality; for such is really impossible, He recognises the no real friend as a positive enemy. " He that is not with me is agaiust m e " He who gathereth not ecattereth;" " Ye caunot serve God and mammon," bnt must serve either. Now, Satan has a work on earth. It is this spirit which " worketh in the children of disobedi ence." Will we, then, work with him in his desire to destroy our own souls ? Will we have " fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness," and take part with that wicked one in his dread work of opposing the kingdom of light, and advancing the kingdom of darkness in the world ? Will we assist him in tempting others to evil,—in entangling souls more and more in the meshes of sin,—in propagating error and opposing truth ? And will we, by our words and example, by onr coldness or open opposition, help to keep any man back from Christ, or to drag down to hella neighbor or friend, a brother, sister, or child ? A laborer together with Satan! Oh, consider the possibility of this being the record at judgment of our history, that we may start, as from a nightmare, from so hideous an imputa tion! The more we reflect upon this principle which I have been illustrating, the more we shall see that it is the life of all true work, and can be applied to any work in which a Christian can engage. The true artist, for example, ought to occupy the elevated position of being a laborer with God in faithfully, industriously, aud conscientiously working in harmony with Nature, which is " the Art of God." Ho ought to study, therefore, the sculpture, the paintings, the music, of the Great Artist, and understand the principles on which He produces the beautiful in form, in color, or in sound. The humblest mason who plies his chisel on the highest pinnaclo of ft great building, or who fashions the lowliest hut, should have an eye to Him who makes all things very good, and for conscience sake, ay, for God's sake, he should, to the very best of his ability, work in the spirit of the Groat Architect, who bestows the same care in building up the mountains, moulding the valleys, fashioning the crystal, making a home to shelter the tiny insect, or a nest where the bird may rear her youug, Without loving our work, and doing it to the best of our ability, as in the sight of God, wo cannot bo fellowworkers with Him who hath made our bodies so wonderfully, and ^cultivated our souls so carefully; for " ye are God's building"—" ye are God's husbandry;" 