Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTUBB. ?BT THE AUTHORESS OF ' LADY AUDLEUS 8ECRET,' See. nrt.. ri-rht of publication has been purohased by the proprietors XT'1® ^ of the Sydney Mail ,J BOOK THE LAST.— CHAPTER V. «'TlS WITH US Peei'etoal Night.' Thbt dug Ferdinand Sivewright out from under that pile °f shattered brickwork and fallen timber, utter labours that lasted late into tbe night. Help lad not been far to seek amongst the good-natured ghadrackites. Stout navigators and stalwart steve dores had arisen as if by magic, spade and pickaxe iad been brought, and the work of rescue had begun, ... .v Rppmed. almost before the echo of that thunder ous sound of falling beam and brickwork had died out of the air. When Lucius rushed down-stairs he found the forecourt full of wind- driven lime-dust and crumbled plaster and worm-eaten wood that drifted into his face like powder, and a clamorous crowd at the iron gate eager to know if any one was under the ruins. « Yes,' he said, ' there's a man yonder. Who'll help me to dig him out ? ' A chorus of eager voices rent the air. ' Come, half a dozen of the strongest of you,' said Lucius, unlocking the gate, ' and bring picks and spades. The men filed in from among the miscellaneous crowd, women and babies in the foreground. Stray hoys, frantic to do something, were sent right and left to fetch spades and picks. The miscellaneous crowd -was forced back from the gate, unwilling to the last ; the gate opened and the men entered, at once calm and eager, men who had seen peril and faced death in their time. ' I knowed that end of the house would come dowu some day,' said one brawny navvy, looking up at the dilapidated wing. ' I told the old gent, as much wheu he employed me to fasten some lose slates on one of the outhouses, but he didn't thank me for my warn ing. ' It'll last my time,' says he. Is it the old gent, that's under the rubbidge, sir ?' ' Thank God, no. But there is a man there. Lose no time. There's littlehope of getting him out alive, hut you can try your best.' 'That we will,' cried aeveral voices unanimously. The stray boys reappeared breathless, and handed in spades and picks through the half-open gate, which Lucius guarded. He didn't want a useless crowd in the forecourt. ' Now, lads, heave ahead ! ' cried a stentorian voice, and the work began ; a tedious labour, for the wreck of the old chimney made a mighty pile of ruin. The labour thus fairly started, Lucius went back to the old man's room. He found Homer Sivewright sitting half-dressed upon his bed, staring at that gap in the opposite wall, shaken terribly, but calmer than he had hoped to find him. 'Save him, Lucius,' cried the old man, clasping Lucius's hand. ' He has been an ingrate — a villain. There was bad blood in him, a taint that poisoned his nature — hereditary falsehood. But save him from such a hideous death. Is there any hope ? ' Lucius shook his head. ' None, I fear. The fall alone was enough to kill any man, and that cross-beam may have fallen upon him. There are half a dozen men clearing away the rubbish, but all we can hope to find is the dead body of your son. Better that he Bhould perish thus than by the gallows.' ' Which must have been his inevitable doom, had he been permitted to finish his course,' said the old man, bitterly. Lucius helped to remove his patient to Lucille's vacant chamber, and tried to calm his agitation — a vain effort ; for though quiet enough outwardly, Mr. Sivewright suffered intensely during this interval of uncertainty. 'Go down and see how they are getting on,' he said, eagerly. ' They must have cleared all away by this time surely,' 'I'm going to look for a lantern or two,' replied Lucius;' 'the night is as black as Erebus, and that strong wind makeB the work slower.' Mr. Sivewright told him where to find a couple of lanterns. 'Go,' he cried; 'don't waste time here with me. Rescue my son, if you can.' His son still — by the mere force of habit, perhaps, although ten minuteB ago his baffled murderer. Lucius went out to the end of the house with a couple of lighted lanterns, and remained there moving about among the men as the work slowly progressed — remained giving them such help as he could — sus- taining them with counsel — supplying them with beer, which one of the stray boys, retained for the purpose, fetched from a neighbouring publio-house by special license of the policeman, who acknowledged the necessity of the ease — remained faithful at his post, until, in the dullest, coldest hour of the dark windy night, Ferdinand Sivewright was discovered under a heap of rafters, which had fallen crosswise, and made a kind of a penthouse above This accident had just saved him from being smothered by the fallen rubbish. The massive cross beam of the chimney had fallen under him, and not above him — the long-loosened supports perhaps finally destroyed by that fierce shock which his own mad *hsh at the sliding panel had given to the fabric, weakened long ago by the injudicious cutting of the timbers when the old banquet-hall was pulled down. They lifted him out of the wreck, and, to the marvel of all of them, alive, although unconscious. Lucius examined him carefully as he lay upon a heap of the sun s coats and jackets, pallid, and blood-stained. Two of the men held the lanterns as Lucius knelt down beside that awful figure to make his iuvestiga kfi8 were broken, the ribs crushed in » bi short, the ease was fatal, though the man still lived. ' Come indooro with me,' cried Lucius, ' two of you good fellows, and we'll pull down a door and put a mattress upon it ; we must take him to the London Hospital.' Two men followed him to the house ; they selected one of the doors in the back premises, an old wash npuse door that hung loosely enough on its rusty «nges, and proceeded to unscrew this, while Lucius *pnt upstairs for a mattress; A few minutes afcer *ar'B they had laid Ferdinand Sivewright on thin extemporary litter, and were carrying him, loosely HoBpTtal*^ & C0UI^e coats, to the London There was a surgical examination by two of the best ®eniaLondon early next morning; but as nothing mat surgery could do could have prolonged that picked life, the consultation ended only in the ?uaple sentence, ' A fatal case.' 'Do vrhat you can to make the poor fellow com ®tUble,' said the'chief surgeon ; ' it would be useless *o put him to any pain by trying to set the broken cones; amputation might have answered, but for ~o®e mjuries to the ribs and chest — those alone would hL'- * ki.m about twenty-four hours. The 18 to injured, and there' may be a return of coh eewusness before the end.' For this Lucius waited, never leaving his post by the narrow hospital bed. It was important that he Bhould be at hand, to hear whatever this man might have to say — most important that he should receive from these lips the secret of Lucille's parentage. All that care or skill could do to alleviate Ferdinand Sivewright' s sufferings Lucius did, patiently, .kindly, and waited for the end, strong in his trust in Pro vidence. ' Better that he should perish thus by tire visitation of God than by my hands,' he said to himself, with deepest thankfulness. He telegraphed to his sister, asking her to come to London immediately, and to bnng Lucille with her. They were to travel by a particular train, and to go straight to his house, where he would meet them. Painful as the scene would be to both, he deemed it best that both should hear this man's last words ; that Lucille should be told by his own lips that he was not her father; that Janet should hear the truth about her unhappy marriage, from him who alone had power to enlighten her. It was to give to both a hitter memory ; but it was to relieve the minds of both, from doubt and misconception. A little before the hour at which Lucius expected the arrival of Janet and Lucille, the dying man awoke to consciousness. Lucius at once resolved not to leave him. He wrote a few lines to Janet, begging her to come on with Lucille to the hospital, and dispatched the note by a messenger. Ferdinand Sivewright looked about him. for a little while with a dull half-conscious wonder. Then with that bitter smile which Lucius remembered years ago in the log-hut, he said slowly, ' Another hospital ! I thought I'd had enough of them. I've been laid by the heels often enough. Once in Mexico ; another time in British Columbia, when those Canadian trappers picked me up, half dead with frost- bites, and with a bullet through my shoulder, a mile or so from that villanous log-hut, and carried me on to the nearest settlement. Yes, I thought I'd had enough of sick beds and strange faces.' Presently his eyes turned slowly towards Lucius. He looked at him for a little while with a lazy stare ; then with a sudden fierceness in the dark fever-bright eyes. ' You !' he cried ; ' you, that sent that bullet into my shoulder ! It must be a bad dream, that brings you to my bedside.' 'Iam here to help and not to hurt you,' answered Lucius, quietly. 'The end of your life is so near that there is no lime for enmity. I saved you last night from becoming a parricide ; and afterwards helped to rescue you from a horrible death under the ruins of the house you had invaded. If it is possible for such a nature as yours to feel remorse for the past or ap prehension for the future, give the few remaining hours of your life to penitence and prayer.' ' What, am I doomed ? ' 'Yes, your hours are numbered. Medical skill can do nothing, except to make your end a little easier,' ' That's bitter,' muttered Ferdinand. 'Just as I saw my grip upon the old man's hoard. I had schemes enough in this busy brain to occupy twenty years more. Dying ! How did I come here ? What j happened tome? I remember nothing, except that I got into my father's house last night to have a little peaceable conversation with him. Did I see him. I can't remember.' ' Don't rack your brain to remember. There is no time to think of your life in detail. Repent, even at . this last hour, and pray to an all-merciful God to par don a life that has been all sin.' ' Let TTim answer for the work of His hands,' cried the sinner. ' He gave me the passions that ruled my life — the brain that plotted. the heart that knew not compunction. If He has His chosen vessels for good and^evil, I suppose I have fulfilled the pur pose of my creation.' ' May God forgive your blasphemous thought ! To all His creatures He gives the right of choice between two roads. You, of your own election, chose the evil path. It is net too Late even now to cry to Him, ' Lord, have mercy upon me a sinner ! ' ' The dying man closed his eyes, and made no answer. ' I don't suppose I should have been a bad fellow,' he said by-and- bye, ' if destiny had provided me with a handsome income, say ten thousand a year. The tiger is a decent beast enough till he is hungry. I've had a strange life — a chequered fabric— -some sun shine ; a good deal of shadow. You never heard of me in the United States, I suppose, where I was best known as Senor Ferdinando, the violin improvisatore ? I was the rage yonder in my time, I can tell you, and saw the dollars roll in like the golden waters of Pactolus, and had pretty women going mad about me by scores. Ferdinando — yes, I was a great man as Senor Ferdinando.' He paused with a sigh, halt regret, half satis faction. 4 ' I had a run of luck at the tables at San Francisco, when I got the better of that accursed hy.llet- wound — your bullet, remember — and I didn't do badly at the . diggings, though I gained more by a lucky partner ship with, some hard-working fools than by actual work. Then came a turn in the tide, and I landed in this used-up old country without a five-pound qote, and nothing to hope for but the chance of getting on the blind side of my old father. But that was difficult.' ' You contrived to rob him, however,' said Lucius. The dying eyes looked at him with the old keen gaze, as if taking the measure of his knowledge. But Ferdinand Sivewright did not trouble him self either to deny or admit the justice of this ac cusation. 4 ' In England things went badly with me always ; though I have played the gentleman here in my time,' he muttered, and closed his eyes wearily. Lucius moistened the dry lips with brandy from a bottle that stood by the bedside. The messenger returned to say that two ladies were below in the waiting-room. Lucius went down-6tairs, leaving a nurse in charge of Ferdinand. He found Janet and Lucille alike pale and anxious. Lucille was the first to speak. ' Has anything happened to my grandfather ? ' she exclaimed. ' 16 he here ? 0, Lucius, tell me quickly.' '? No, my darling. Mr. Sivewright is safe at Cedar House. I have sent for you to see one who has not very long to remain in this world — the. man whom you once loved as a father.' ' My father here ? ' ' No, Lucille, not your father. Ferdinand Sive wright stole that name, and won your love by a falsehood.' « He was hind to me when I was a child, said Lucille. 'But why is he here?, What has hap pened! ' Lucius told her briefly that there had been an accident by which Ferdinand Sivewright had been fatally injured. Of the exact nature of that accident, and the events that immediately preceded it, he told 'her nothing. To Janet he spoke more felly, when he had taken her to the other end of the room, out of LuoiUe!s hearing. ' Your husband is found, Janet,' he said. ' What ? ' she cried ; ' he is living then ; and your f.iend Mr. Hossack assured me of his death.' Her fir6t thought was one of regret that Geoffrey should have pledged himself to a falsehood. ' Geoffrey was deceived by a train of circumstances that also deceived me.' ' He is living, and in this place ! ' said Janetf with a sigh for the man she had once loved. ' He is dying, Janet. If you want him to acknow ledge any wrong done to you, it is a fitting time to ob tain such a confession.' ' I will not torture him with questions. I am too sorry for his mistaken life. Take me to him, Lucius.' 'And Lucille, she must come with you.' ' What need has Lucille to be there r ' Greater need than you could suppose. Lucille's pretended father and your husband are one and the same person. Come, both of you. There is no time to lose.' He led the way to the accident ward, and to the quiet comer where Ferdinand's bed stood, shaded, and in a manner divided, from the rest of the room by a canvas screen. His was the worst case in that abode of pain. Lucille drew near the bed, and at a sign from Lucius seated herself quietly in the chair by the dying man's pillow. Lucius stopped Janet with a warning gesture, as she was advancing towards the screen. 'Not yet,' he whispered ; 'hear all, but donrt let him see you.' Janet obeyed, and remained hidden by tbe screen. Ferdinand Sivewright's eyes wandered to the gentle face bent tearfully over his pillow. ' Lucille, he gasped, ' I thought you had aban doned me.' 'Not in the hour of your remorse, father,' she 6aid; 'my heart tells me you are sorry for your sins ; for that last worst sin of all I know you must be sorry. It is not in nature that you should be re morseless.'' ' There are anomalies in nature.' answered Sive wright. ' I believe I was born without a conscience, or wore it out before I was ten years old. After all I have only sinned against my fellow man when I was desperate ; it has been my ultimate expedient. I have not injured anybody upon fanciful grounds, for revenge or jealousy, or any of those incendiary passions which have UTged some men to destroy their kind. I have obeyed the stern law of necessity.' ' Father, repent ; life is ebbing. Have you no words but those of mockery ? ' She took his death-cold hands, trying to fold them in prayer. He looked at her, and the cynic's smile faded. There was even some touch of tenderness in his look. ' Do you think the God against whom I have shut my mind is very likely to take pity upon me now, at my last gasp, when further sin is impossible r ' ' There is no state too desperate for the hope of His mercy. Christ died for sinners. The penitent thief had briefest time for repentance, none for atone ment.' ' I wonder whether he had been doing evil all his life ; had never done a good action, never truly served a friend,' murmured Sivewright in a musing tone. ' We only know that he had sinned, and was for given.' ' Ah, that's a slight ground for belief in illimitable mercy. Can you forgive me, Lucille — you whom I wronged and deluded, whom I cheated of a birth right?' ' I do not know what wrong you have done me ; but whatever that wrong may be, Heaven knows how freely I forgive it. I loved you dearly once.' 'Ay, onee. Poor parasite, why should you love me, except that it was in your nature to twine your tendrils about something r And I loved you, little one, as much as it was in my nature to love any thing. Whatever love I had, I divided between you and the fiddle I used to play to you in that dusky old parlour, when we two^sat alone by the fire.' ' Father, by the memory of that time, when I knew not what sin was — when I thought you good and true, as you were kind — tell me that you repent your sins, that you are sorry for having tried to injure that poor old man.' ' Repent, my sins — sorry,' he muttered. ' Well, I'll say this much, that if I could begin life afresh, with a clean conscience and a fair start, I'd try to be an honest man. Outlaws have their pleasures ; but I think respectability has the best of it in the long-run.' ' The strongest proof of repentance is the endea vour to atone,' said Lucius, who dreaded lest the end should come ere he had learned all he wanted to know about Henry Glenlyne. ' The wrong you did Lucille Glenlyne was a bitter one, for you robbed her of a father.' ' Lucille Glenlyne ! ' cried Ferdinand. ' How came you by the name of Glenlyne r ' ' Never mind how I learned the name. Your time is short. Remember that, and if you can be the means of restoring Lucille to her father, lose not a moment ere you do that one good act.' ' An affectionate father,' said Ferdinand, with the old mocking tone ' He was very glad to be comfort ably rid of his pretty little daughter.. He came to Bond-street a week after his wife's death, with the merest apology for a hatband, lest people should ask him why he was in mourning, and took the little one on his knee and kissed her, and smoothed her dark curls, but never told her to call him father ; and then, finding that she was so fond of me, proposed that I should adopt her altogether, and bring her up as my own.' ' For a consideration, I suppose r ' said Lucius. ' Yes, he paid me something of course — a sum of money down — very little — but he was always whining about hiB difficulties, and pretended that he could do no more. After that I loBt sight of him altogether. I had left England before he came into his uncle's fortune, and when I wrote to him from South America, asking him to remember old promises, he did not answer my letters. When I came back to England with some idea of huhting him up and making bit' pay me for my discretion, I heard that he was dead. He was a mean cur at the best of times, and was never worthy of his wife.' ' Tell me at least where I can get most information about him ? ' asked Lucius earnestly. ' From the family lawyers— Pullman and Everill, Liucoln's-inn.' This was something. Lucius had set his heart upon restoring Lucille's rightful name before she changed it for his own. A somewhat useless labour, it might seem in the abstract ; but to on Englishman that question of name is a strong point. ' Is that all you can tell me — the only help you can give me towards reinstating Lucille in any rights she may have been deprived of through her father's desertion of her ? ' Asked Lucius.' ' Ay, that's a question that might be worth look ing into. You'd better look at old Glenlyne's will. Henry married a second time, I know, but I don't know whether he had children by that second mar riage. I don't see how I can help you. Henry Glen lyne married Felicie Dumarques at the church in Piccadilly — St. James's — just twenty years ago, I never had the certificate of the marriage. Hal Glen lyne kept that himBelf. But you'll find the register. Lucille's rights— if Bhehas any under Reginald Glen lyne's will — may be made out clearly enough : pro vided you can identify the child I brought home to Bond-street as the daughter of Henry and Felicie Glenlyne. There's your greatest difficulty.' The man's keen intellect, eTen clouded by pain, dulled by the dark shadow of death, grasped every detail, and saw the weak point in the case. ' I am no fortune-hunter,' said Lucius, ' and were Lucille mistress of a million she could be no dearer to me than she is now ; nor her future life happier than, with God's help, I hope to make it. I desire nothing but that 6he should have justice— justice to her dead mother — justice to herself' ' You cannot get it out of HenTy Glenlyne,' answered Ferdinand Sivewright. ' He has slipped comfortably into his grave and escaped all reckoning, i He was always a sneak.' ' Enough. We must look for justice to God, if man withhold it. There is some one here who wishes to see you — some one you have wronged as deeply as you wronged Lucille. Can you bear to see your wife — my sister Janet r ' ' What, is she here too ? You come like the ghosts that circled crook-back Richard's bed at Bos worth.' ' Will you see your wife ? ' asked Lucius quietly. ' Yes. She'll not reproach me now. Let her come.' ' Janet.' Janet came softly to the bed, and knelt beside the' man whoBe influence had once been all-powerful to lead her. ' Can you forgive me ? ' he asked, looking at her with those awful eyes, whose intensity was slowly lessening as the dull shade of death dimmed them. ' Can you forgive ? I wronged you worst of all, for I told you a lie on purpose to break your heart. You are my lawful wife — I had no other — never loved any other woman. I stole you secretly from your home because I knew my character couldn't stand investi gation, and if I had wooed you openly there'd have been all mfc.nn.er of inquiries. I knew the keen prying ways of your petty provincial gentry. It was easier to make the business a secret, and thus escape all danger.' ' You gave me a bitter burden to bear in all these years,' Janet answered gently ; ' but I am grateful even for this tardy justice. May God forgive you as I do ! ' I She covered her face with her hands, and her head: sank on the coverlet of the bed, as she knelt in silent prayer. There could be little to be said between these two. Janet's wrongs were too deep for many words. Ferdinand stretched out his hand with a feeble wandering movement, and the tremulous fingers rested ?on his wife's bent head— rested there with a light and tender touch, it might be in blessing. ' Father, will you not say one prayer ? ' asked Lu cille piteously. ' I will say anything to please you,' he answered. ' No, no, not for me, but for your own sake ! God is all goodness ; even to those who turn to Him at the eleventh hour. His mercies are infinite.' ' They had need be if I am to have any part in them.' Lucille repeated the Lord's Prayer slowly, the dying man repeating it after her in Latin — the words he had learned in bis boyhood wheu he went to Mass with his mother at the cnapel in Spanish-place. They stayed with him all that day, Lucille reading, at intervals, words of hope and comfort ? from the Gospel — words which may have pierced even those dull ears with some faint promise, may have kindled some vague yearning for Divine forgiveness even iu that hardened heart. The sinner seemed at intervals to listen ; there was a grateful look now and then in the tired eyes. They did not fatigue him, even with these pious ministrations. The soothing words were read to him after pauses of silence, and only when he seemed free from pain. Lucille's gentle hand bathed the burning forehead. Janet held the reviving cprdial to the pale parched lips. Had he lived nobly;' and perished in the discharge of some sacred duty, his dying hours could not have been more gently tended. And thus the slow sad day wore on, and at dusk he started* up out of a brief slumber, with a sharp cry of pain, aud repeated, in a strange husky voice, the words Luoille had read to him a little while before : — ' Lord — be merciful — to me — a — ' He lacked strength to finish that brief sentence but, conscious to the last, looked round upon thorn all, and then, stretching eut his arms to Lucille, fell upon her neck, and died there. He had loved the little girl who sat on his knee in the gloaming, while he played by his father's fireside, better than. the wife he wronged. . CHAPTER VL Lucius IN QUEST OF JU8TIUE. Lucius went to Messrs. Pullman and EveriU's office the day after Ferdinand Sivewright's death. Mr. Pullman, an active-looking elderly man, received him., with that stock-in-trade kind of politeness which thriving solicitors keep for unknown clients, heard his story, smiled somewhat incredulously at some of its details, but reserved his opinion until he should have mastered the case. ' Isn't it rather strange that we should never have heard of this youthful marriage of Mr, Henry Glen lyne's,' he said, with his sceptical smile, when the story was finished, ' it there had been such a.mar riage r ' ' Not more strange than that other clandestine marriages should be kept secret,' said Lucius. ?' Ah, but they so seldom axe kept secret for more than a year or two ; they always transpire somehow. Facts are like water, Mr. Davoren, and have an odd way of leaking out. This supposed marriage, accord ing to your showing, is an event of .twenty years ago.' ' There is really no room for speculation upon the subject,' said Lucius coolly. ' You can easily verify my statement by a reference to the registries of St. James's, Piccadilly, where Felicie Dumarques' mar riage is no doubt recorded.' This was unanswerable. Mr. Pullman looked medi tative, but said nothing. ' And what is your motive in coming to me r' he asked at la6t. ' I came here presuming that you, as Mr. Henry Glenlyne's solicitor, would be naturally desirous to see his daughter righted.' ' But suppose I should be disinclined to believe in the parentage of this young lady, your protegee ? ' ' My future wife, Mr. Pullman.' ' Ah, I understand,' returned the lawyer quickly, as much as to say, ' We are getting to the motive of your conduct, my young gentleman.' *' I have been engaged to Mi6s Glenlyne for nearly a year,' said Lucius, as if answering Mr. Pullman's degrading supposition, ' but it i6 only within the last week that I have discovered the secret of her parent age.' ' Indeed ; then whatever hope you may entertain, of future profit from this discovery is a recent hope, and has had no influence, in the matter of your regard for this young lady r ' ' None whatever. I do not pretend to be superior to human nature in general, but I think I may safely say that there are few men who set less value on money, in the abstract, than I do. But whatever por tion my wife may be entitled to receive I am ready to fight for, and to fight still more resolutely for the name she is entitled to bear.' ' But granted that the marriage which I hew of for the first time to-day did actually take place, what is to prove to any legal mind that this young lady whom you put forward is the issue of that marriage ?' Yes, as Ferdinand Sivewright had said, here was rthe weakness of the case. Lucius now for the , first Jime perceived that he ought to have secured the dying man's deposition of the facts concerning Lucille, j B.ut, standing by that bed of pain, he had hardly been in a condition to consider the case from the lawyer's standpoint. He had forgotten that Sivewright's state ment was but fleeting breath, and that this single wit ness of the truth .was swiftly passing beyond the 'urisdiction of earthly tribunals. ' For that we must rely on circumstantial evi . dence,' he said after a longieh pause. ' Tne woman who nursed Lucille Glenlyne may be still alive.' ' How old was the child when this nurse left her ? ' ' About four, I believe.'. 'You believe!' echoed Mr. Pullman contemptu ously. ' Before yeu approached me upon such a subject as this, Mr. Davoren, you might at least have taken the trouble to be certain about your facts. You believe that the child was about four years old when her nurse left her, and you rely upon this nurse, who may or may not be living, to identify the fouryear old child she nursed in the young lady of nineteen whom you put forward.' ' You are Bomewhat hard upon me, Mr. Pullman.' , ' Sir,' said the lawyer, with a Johnsonian air, ' I abhor chimeras.' ' I do not, however, despair of making Miss Glen lyne's identity clear even to your legal mind. Ab I have told you, Mr. and Mrs. Glenlyne occupied a cot tage near Sidmouth for the few years of their wedded lite. The little girl was born there, nursed there, and conveyed straight from that cottage to the house in Bond-street, where she was brought up in the care of old Mr. Sivewright. Now the date of her removal from Sidmouth will fit into the date of her arrival in Bond-street, to which Mr. Sivewright can testify ; and it will go hard if we cannot find people in Sidmouth — servants, tradesmen, the landlord of the cottage — who will remember the child's abrupt removal and be able to swear to the date.' ' Able to swear,' exclaimed Mr. Pullman again contemptuously. ' What fact is there so incredible that legions of unimpeachable witnesses will not sus tain it by their testimony ? You mentioned the name «f Sivewright just now. Is the person you spoke of one Ferdinand Sivewright? ' ' No ; the person in question is Ferdinand Sive wright's father.' ' A pretty disreputable set, thoBe Sivewrights, I should think,' said Mr. Pullman, ' so far as I can judge from the transactions between Ferdinand Sive wright and my late client, Mr. Henry Glenlyne, which were chiefly of the bill-discountiug order.' ' I have nothing to say in favour of Ferdinand Sive wright, who died yesterday at the London Hospital,' \- answered Lucius ; ' but his father is an honest man, ?and it was his father who brought up Lucille, knowing nothing more of her parentage than the vague idea which he gathered from certain letters written by Mr. Glenlyne.' ' O, Ferdinand Sivewright is dead, is he ? ' retorted Ma Pullman with a suspicious look ; ' and it is only after his death that this claim arises.' There was such an insolent doubt implied by the lawyer's words and manner that Lucius rose with au offended look, and was about to leave Mr. Pullman's ofiice. , . ' You have chosen to discredit my statements,' he said ; ' I can go to some ether lawyer who will be more civil and less suspicious.' ' Stop, sir,' cried Mr. Pullman, wheeling round in his revolving chair as Lucius approached the door. *' I don't say I won't help you ; I don't say your case is not a sound one ; nor do I doubt jrour good faith. Sit down again, and let us discuss the matter quietly.' '1 have endeavoured to do that, Mr. Pullman, but you have choBen to adopt an offensive tone, and the discussion is ended.' ' Come, Mr. Davoren, why be so thin-skinned ? You come to me with a story which at the first glance seems altogether incredible, and before I have had time to weigh the facts or to recover my breath after the surprise occasioned by your startling disclosure, you take offence, and wish me good-morning. Go to another lawyer if you please ; but if your case is a sound one, there is no one who can help you so well as.I.'. ' You are perhaps solicitor to some other branch of the family — to people whose interests would be inju riously affected by the assertion of Lucille Glenlyne's claims.' ' No, Mr. Davoren. When Mr. Spalding Glen lyne came into his cousin's property he choose to employ another solicitor. My connection with the Glenlyne family then terminated, except as concerns MisB Glenlyne.' . ' Miss Glenlyne — who is that r ' Henry ,Glenly ne's aunt. The sistCT of Mr. Regi nald Glenlyne, who left him his fortune.' ' ts it possible that Miss Glenlyne is still living ? ' exclaimed Lucius, remembering Monsieur Dolfe's description of the little elderly lady, thin, pale, and an invalid. And this description had applied to her twenty -two years ago. Miss Glenlyne must surely belong to the Roaicrucians, or to the house of Methu selah. ' Yes,' replied Mr. Pullman, ' Miss Glenlyne is a very old lady ; between seventy and eighty, I dare cay.' 'But Miss Glenlyne was an invalid twoand twenty years ago.' ' She was ; and she has gone on being an invalid ever since ; no more healthy mode ef life. She lives on mutton cutlets and sago puddings, dry toast and weak tea, and if she indulges iu a second glass of dry sherry thinks it a debauch. She believes in the homocopathists, and experimentalises upon her system with minute doses, which, if they do her no'good, can hardly do her much harm. She spends her winters at Nice or Dawlish, knows not the meaning of emotion, and at the rate she lives — expenditure of vital force reduced to the lowest figure — she may go on living twenty-two years longer.' ' If you have no relations with Mr. Spalding Glen lyne, there is no reason why you should not under take to protect the interests of your late client's daughter,' said Lucius. ' I am quite ready to believe that your knowledge of the family may render your services better worth having than anybody else's. I ctfme to you in perfect good faith, and in ignorance of everything except the fact of Mr. Glenlyne's marriage, and the melancholy fate of his wife, who died away from her husband and her child, as I have already told you.' ' A sad case for the lady,' said the lawyer. ' I should like to see those letters, by the way, of which you spoke a little while ago.' ' I have brought them with me,' answered Lucius, producing die precious packet and the miniature. 'What, a picture ? cried Mr. Pullman. ' Yes ; that 4s my client's portrait, undoubtedly, and a geod likeness. A very handsome young man, Henry Glen lyne, but a weak one. Humph! These are theletters, arethey?' The lawyer read them carefully, and from time to time shook his head over .them, with a slow and medi tative shake, as who should say, 'These ate poor stufl' . , There is very little to help your case here,'; her ffiru finished this deliberate perusal; - the child is spoken of as your little girl, or the little ptri, throughout. , The most rational conclusion would . vr * .e was Sivewright's child.'. j . ' Yet in that case why should Mr. Glanlyne, a young man about .tpwn, ..be interested in the child? why should he give money? Why -should he sup plicate for secrecy ? ' ' Matter for philosophical speculation, but hardly a question to submit to a jury, or put in an affidavit,' replied Mr. Pullman coolly. ' ' *fiere is nothing in those letters to help me, I Will find the evidence I want elsewhere,' said Lucius, inwardly fuming at this greybeard's impenetrability. 1 will go down myself to Sidmeuto — hunt out toe landlord of that cottage.' ' ?f.whose v„eiY name you are ignorant,' inter posed the man of business. ' Find the servant; advertise for the nurse ; dis cover the doctor who attended Mrs. Glenlyne when that child was born ; and link by link forge the chain of evidence which shall reinstate Lucille Glenlyne in the name her cowardly father stole from her.' ' said the lawyer. ' I admit that if your idea — mind, I fully believe in your own good faith, but you may be mistaken for all that — if your idea is correct, I repeat this girl has been badly treated. But my client is in his grave ; let us make what excuses we can for conduct that at first sight appears unmanly.' ' ^ can make no excuse for a man who repudiated his child ; who suffered his wife to die broken-hearted, lest by a manly avowal of his marriage he should hazard the loss of fortune.' * ' Recollect that Henry Glenlyne was brought up and educated in toe expectation of his uncle's fortune, that he was deeply in debt for some years before his uncle died, and that the forfeiture of that fortune would have been absolute ruin.' ' It was a large fortune, I suppose ? ' ' It was a fortune that would have been counted large when I was a youngBter, but which now might ? be called mediocre. It was under rather than over a hundred thousand pounds, and chiefly invested in land. Reginald Glenlyne had been in toe Indian Civil Service when toe pagoda-tree was better worth shaking than it is nowadays, and in a lengthened career had contrived to do pretty well for himself. He belonged to an old family, and a rich one, and had started in life with a competence.' ' Henry Glenlyne did inherit this fortune, I con clude ? ' ' Yes, though the Spalding Glenlynes ran him hard for it.' ' How long did he survive his uncle ? ' ' Nearly ten years. He married a year after toe old man's death — married a fashionable woman, hand some, extravagant, and it was whispered a bit of a tartar. She brought him two sons and a daughter, who all died — a taint of consumption in the blood, people said ; and the lady herself died of rapid con sumption two years before her husband. The loss of wife and children' broke him up altogether ; and Joseph Spalding Glenlyne, who had watched the estate like a harpy ever since he left Cambridge, had the satisfaction of coining into possession of it after all.' ' Did Henry Glenlyne make a will ? ,s ' No ; he died suddenly, though his constitution had been broken for some time before toe end. Joseph Glenlyne inherited under the uncle's will.' ' And that left the estate ? ? ' ' To Henry Glenlyne and his children after him. Failing such issue, to Joseph Spalding Glenlyne, and his children after him. Mr. Spalding Glenlyne has plenty of children — raw-boned boys, who prowl about Westminster between school-hours with their lun cheons in blue bags. A saving man, Mr. Glenlyne. I have seen his boys in the Abbey itself munching surreptitious sandwiches.' ' Then toi6 estate now held by Mr. Spalding Glen lyne actually belongB of right to Lucille.' ' If you can prove her to be the legitimate daughter of Henry Glenlyne, 6he is most decidedly entitled to claim it.' ' If I cannot prove that, I must be unworthy of success in any walk of life,' said Lucius. ' Leave the case in my hands, Mr. Davoren, and leave me those letters. My clerk shall make copies of them if you like, and return you the original docu ments. I'll think toe matter over, and if I find it ripe enough, take counsel's opinion.' ' I should like to see Miss Glenlyne — the lady in whose service Lucille's mother came to England,' said LuciuB. ' Would there be any harm in my endea vouring to obtain an interview with her? ' ' I think not. Old Miss Glenlyne hates the Spald ing Glenlynes worse than Bhe hates allopathy. They contrived to offend her in some unpardonable manner while they were courting her brother. She is at Brighton just now. If you would really like to call upon her, I shouldn't mind giving you a letter of introduction. She and I were always good friends.' ' I'll go down to Brighton to-morrow, and take Lucille with me. She is wonderfully like that por trait of Felicie Dumarques, and it will be Btrange if MisB Glenlyne foils to see the likeness, unless age-has darkened ? those that look out of toe windows.'' ' Miss Glenlyne is as sharp aB a needle — a won derful old lady.' Mr. Pullman, who had now, as it were, taken Lucius undex his wing, wrote a letter of introduction, stating Mr. Davoren's motive for seeking an inter view, addressed his note to Miss Glenlyne, Selbrook place, and handed it to his new client. And thuB they parted, on excellent terms with . each other, toe . lawyer promising to send a clerk to inspect the St. James's registries that afternoon, in quest of that particular entry which was in a manner the keystone of Lucille's case. «- Upon my word, I don't know why I should be fool enough to take up such a chimerical business,' Mr. Pullman said to himself, half reproachfully, as he stood upon his hearth rug, and enjoyed the genial warmth of his seacoal fire, after Lucius had left him. But in his heart of hearts Mr. Pullman was pretty well aware that he took up Lucius and Lucille's case because he detested Joseph Spalding Glenlyne. Lord Lytton has written an admirable chapter upon the value of Hate as a motive power, and it was assuredly Hate that prompted Mr. Pullman to under take the championship of Lucille. Mr. Spalding Glenlyne had removed the Glenlyne estate from Mr. Pullman's office. The poetry of retribution would be achieved by toe return of toe estate to the office with out toe encumbrance of Spalding Glenlyne. _ Mr. Pullman polished his spectacles with his oriental handkerchief, and sighed gently to himself as he thought what a nice thing that would be. 