THE SURRY HILLS' GHOST. ' ' Coffins stood upwards, like open presses. That showed the dead in their last dresses. " — bukns. G110.sts now.adays arc shamefully neglected. People have for some time past evidently for- gotten them. The result is that .few (if any) put in an appcawance. If disbelief in ghosts offend ghosts, and if ofl'ending ghosts discourages their visits to this sublunary sphere, the pro- b.ability is that in another decade they wUl bo as rare as the mermaid and the unicorn. Nothing will revive them if the public system of educa tion is universally taught ; nothing will extin guish them if the " denominatioual " education of the P.aj)nl church is successful. The former system is opposed to them ; the latter friendly. This being the ease, is it at all foolish to siqipose that ghosts view -with interest the iiresent battle on the education question? Is it not a matter of " ghost, or no ghost " ? Ghosts have been on strike for a long time. In fact, they have been locked out, as a hody, in this colony. Except with a few old women, they have done very little work since the time when "Fisher's Ghost," of historic.al celebrity, pointed to the pond where his hody lay hidden, the discovery of which led to his murderer's apprehension and execution. Fisher's ghost is a story devoutly believed in by most of the older colonists. They will take their oath that ho was an "honest ghost " ; for they belicvo it as firmly as that Captain Cook landed at Botany Bay. But there are certain individuals amongst us who are scep tical on the sub ject npt only of ghosts in general, but of Fisher's Ghost in particular. They have the audacity to hint th.at the man who said he saw Fisher's appai-ition actually saw Fisher's murder perpetrated, and that the kimwledge of this crhue, weighing upon his con science, led to his confessing it to a priest, who invented the ghost story. It is true that priests have x>roved themselves very ingenious both in manufacturing and in exorcising ghosts. Some time ago, they were famous for ' 'laying " sphits and banishing devils. Satan himself, if we are ,to believe the stories which monks have -wi-itten concerning their own actions, lias more than once been compelled to evanesce into invisibility. In Europe, at the xweseiit moment, may be found some of this old devil-exorcising ordei-. In this respect Ireland is not meagrely rejire- sented ; and I donbt not but that iii this very colony ghost-layers and devil, brow-beaters may be found whenever wanted. The "church" can do anything. She can canonise a saint, sanctify a cannon, make angels sxicak, cxiiose to view the " sacred heart " of Him whom we shall not mention in connection with such absurdities. She can unlock the gates of hell and purgatory with her xirayers, iii'o'idcd she is jiaid in gold, silver, or copper for her trouble; in fact, she can do anything "on the shortest notice, and with the quickest dispatch." Invested with such power, she is ready at any nidment to rid the haunted of their fears, whether their fears assume the shape of a goblin, ghost, or buffallo. But it is doubtful -whether she derives much revenue in this colony fi'om ghost-laj'ing. Indeed, if she is troubled with one ghost more than another it must bo the "host of Dan Egan. She nneartlied and removed his body from con secrated ground ; and if, according to the super stition wluch she has always encouraged, depar ted spirits whose bodies are not buried in conse crated ground exist in a condition of unrest, in consistency ivith this belief it is only natural to suppose that poor Dan's ghost will not be pacified until he knows where his body is located. But I have it on the word of an old Govenimeut boatman that ghosts are seldom, if ever, seen in New South Wales. Sjieaking to him on the subject, his oavn words were : — _ ' ' M iiiver a ghost have I seen shicc I left ould Ire land !"' Before I proceed to relate an aftair concorniiig a supi)osed ghost th.at frequently makes its appearance in Surry Hills, I think it only proper to qualify what I have said above. The tales told about ghosts appearing in the dark— hiding themselves at the the back of doors, trees, tonb- stones, or under tables, for the pui'posu of terrifying people, are, of course, siqterstitious nonsense. Ghosts of -this malignant tyj>e belong to another age, and have no right to show them selves in the 19th century. But, on "second thoughts," I m.ay be wrong ; for in this very generation we have a great number of jjeoxile belonging to otiicr centuries. Ergo, ghosts and mortals of a departed .age m.ay converse with eaeh other in this. The story of Fisher's ghost, although open to question, is about the most res)ectablc on record. But to admit that Fisher's ghost was seen would be to admit that ghosts may be seen. Now, for my own part, I neither believe nor disbelieve the story. The eye may sec ivhat the mind may incture, A man of morbid imagination may conjure iq) sights that will apxial and terrify him ; and diseased minds, if allowed to brood over the distorted creatures of the brain, may develop into such a condition as to render life itself unendurable. History, past and contemporaneous, proves this. An English physician recently published a book, in which ho I'ccorded several remarkable cases of this kind which came under his own observation. He mentioned the case of a m.an "who imagined ho saw a skeleton at the foot of his bed. The worthy iihysiciaii tried h.ard to "Minister to a mind diseased,'' by standing in the idace where his patient said he saw the skeleton; but the sorry spectacle would not go— it perpetually stood at the foot of the unfortunate mams bed. There is, however, a distinction between cases of mental disease and cases where men of sound mind see, or say they see, the forms and faces of dead relatives or fi'iends. Surely every story about ghosts cannot be a lie or a delusion. I am xjersonally inti mate with a lady in Sydney who told mo some time ago that she had seen the apparition of her favourite brother. She said : — "My- brother James, whom I have not seen for nine years, is in Glasgow ; and I am afi-aid something has happened to him. I saw him in my room, last night ; and he looked quite sad !" She was much agitated, and wept as if she had received news of his death. I endeavoured to x'crsuade her that it was merely imagination ; but she xmr- sisted in affirming that it was her brother's spirit. I requested her to XHit down the date and hour in which she saw him. She did so ; and in a; few months afterw.ards she put into my hands a letter which she had just received from Scotland, announcing the death of her brother. On comxiaring the d.ay and hour — iiTittoii in her pass-book — with the date of her brother's death (the letter did not mention the hour), I found, without calculating the difference between time at homo hud in this colony, tliat her brother ex pired about a day before the date 011 which she saw him. This may have been only a "coin cidence." "A spirit hath not flesh and blood ;" and spirit, we are aware, is invisible to man. The brother of this lady, I have been given to understand, was constantly thinkingof her ; and the opinion of two or three persons who were informed of what she had seen previously to her receiving the letter from Scotland is : That as both " longed " to see each other, the spirit of the brother, either before or after his doceiise, was xierinitted to render itself visible to the sister. For all loe know, the human mind and the human eye, without being diseased or dis torted, may be sometimes subject to conditions and changes " not dreamt of in our philosophy." May not some unknown law of symiiathy exist in nature, by which different sxiirits, though divided by distance, hold intercomiminicatioii ? And to the inexplicable agencies of this myster ious law' may not be ascribed some of the abnormal sights which xjhysiologists attiibute to phrenomagnetism 1 Assuming that such a law exists, its discovery no more comes within the Xirovinco of the physician than the astronomer, geologist, or coneologist. Being spiritual, and not physical, its depth may yet be plumbed by a philosoxihy built upon one of those exceptional accidents which man's cin-iosity stumbles across once in many centuries. Be this as it may, the circle that cireumseribcs human knowledge is elastic, and is generally widening ; and the old prejudice which deemed it presumption to seek to know more than that already known is quickly disappcari ng. From the bordem of the Known, the humanmindxiceps into the realms of the Unknown, and sxieculates upon a chaos of uncertainties. The supernatural is only such so long as it re mains superhuman. No sooner is one mystery solved by man than he looks for another to un riddle. He grapples with puzzles wrapt ux> in clouds of darkness ; he attempts to pierce mystery tlu-ough shrouds of blackness ; he is tantalized, disheartened, but not subdued ; he confronts the baffling x>roblem anew, and rests not until he unrolls the garment that enveloped the secret that was, and discovers and intro duces himself to the knowledge that is. Knowledge, like many other things, is in its infancy. When more advanced, its light will chase away the mists th.at encircle the sciences. Galvanism, cleqtricity, animal magnetism, spiritism, mesmerism are all making xu'ogress ; and their development may result in the pro duction of things more marvellous than the electric telegr.aph. The deep things hidden in nature are as exhaustless as the desires of man. He may yet discover the phenomena of ghosts, and smile at their simplicity. But what about "The Surry Hills' Ghost?" Well, I beg your pardon, reader, for drifting so far away from the "point"; and, much disposed as I feel to carry on in the same strain, I will stop my gallop. A particular friend of mine has a very near relation living in Surry Hills who has witnessed very strange sights for some time past. She has often spoken to him on the subject ; and he has as often warned her .ag.ainst being deceived by optical illusion. She has religiously maintained, however, that what she has so often seen had nothing to do with imagination or distorted vision. What she did see was a brilliant light, about 80 or 90 yards from her own house. This light made its appearance in the yard of a house opposite her residence. Instead of resting on the ground, it appeared to be raised a few feet. Everything around it was dark ; but that is not all. It assumed fantastic shapes, and on one occasion took the form of a gigantic man, walked out of the yard, and disappeared round the corner of the next street. Until Sunday night, the 15th instant, my friend was not only scepti- cal on the subject, but cruelly indifferent. But on the night just mentioned, while standing at the door of his relation, he beheld the very light about which he heard so much. His relation saw it at the same time, and called a neighbour to witness it, to whom it was also visible. Whatever it was, it was seen at least by three witnesses (known to the writer). On this occa sion, the light was eclipsed now and again by the luminous shadow of a man who passed it, and was at last extinguished. All was then darkness. The most remarkable part of the story is, that although my friend saw this strange light and shadowy form for nearly an hour, which, he avows, seemed to him most mysterious, he did not approach the scene of their appear- ance, nor in any way exert himself to account for the mystery. Late on the same night, he acquainted me, in the presence of two gentle men, of what he had seen. He was somewhat agitated, and appeared disposed to talk of nothing but "the ghost," As my friend is a man whose word is as good as the bank, we believed, in the first place, that he saw some thing ; and, in the second place, that the some thing he saw partook of an extraordinary charac ter. This led us to decide upon a ghost expedi tion the next morning (Monday, 16th), at the lonely hour of 3. As we started for the haunted spot, we all laughed heartily at the ludicrous character of the mission before us. The morning, however, was very dark and dreary ; but we assured one another that we were "not afraid of ghosts." Wierd stories about apparitions were related as we proceeded across the racecourse ; and although we laughed at them, I noticed the laugh was rather forced than otherwise. The gentleman who had seen the strange sight the night pre viously happened to mention something which he had forgotten to inform us. In the very yard in which he had seen the light and lumi nous figure, a human head — the head of a man — had been discovered a few years ago ; the yard had, in fact, been the scene of a dreadful tragedy. One of our party had the courage to suggest that perhaps the "departed was looking for his head ! " We attempted to laugh at this ; but it was a miserable failure — we showed our teeth, like grinning monkeys; but the open-mouthed jovial laugh which we started with a few minutes before had comxfletely deserted us. At last, we arrived in front of the yard. It looked bleak and ghostly. But no light made its appearance. Perhaps this did not displease us. The indcscribable feeling of terror that had crept over us was gradually leaving us— but leaving us very slowly. All was not safe yet. Although it (whatcver it was) did not yet appear to us it might do so at any moment. Had a bull thrust its head over the fence, and cried "Bah," I verily believe the four of us would have fell on the ground. No bull, however, was so unmerciful. We began to speculate on the mystery, but with great caution, avoiding words or remarks calculated to offend ghosts. I began to philosophise on the subject. Pheno menal lights, created by certain conditions of atmosphere, and assuming shapes startling to . the human eye, was a theme I attempted to handle to some advantage. Phosporous, will- o'-the-wisps, reflected lights, magic lanterns, cloud-pictures, and so forth, were all spoken of : but all sounded "flat." They had neither the effect of solving the mystery nor of banishing our nervousness. A mysterious presence seemed to preside over the spot ; and, although felt, since it did not make itself visible, we removed to the door from which it had been seen on Sunday night. Here "we breathed with more freedom ; but none of us dared to ridicule the idea of ghosts. As the strange spectacle did not reveal itself, two of the party expressed a wish to leave — one to go home, the other to look for a public-house. The former made off at a brisk pace ; the latter seemed somewhat undecided. He invited us to accompany him in quest of a drop of something to fortify our nerves. "To be better able to withstand the sight of spirits, we had better have a drop of spirits !" Such was his offer ; but we resisted the temptation. He then left us, with the intention of visiting Oxford-street ; but we noticed that as he approached the "ghostly yard" on his way thither, his pace became slow. All of a sudden, he wheeled round, retraced his steps, and ran home as fast as his legs could carry him. It appears he had "changed his mind ! " with regard to spirituous stimulants ; but he assures us that he " did not at all feel frightened ! " My friend kept me company in the haunted locality for a considerable time after this ; but nothing showed itself, excepting a constable, who did not seem too well pleased at the idea of a ghost visiting his beat. We parted at the first signs of DAYLIGHT. Sydney, March 21, 1874. There has been lately an attempt to get up a Paddington ghost, too, his locale being the belfry of the Public School. — Ed. P.S. Tire Pope and AnciiBisiiop Manning. —In all the Roman Catholic churches and chapels of the Metropolis, the recent Encyclic.al Letter of His Holiness "upon tho xn'csent persecution of the Catholic Church " was read either partly or in extcnso, at High Mass on December 14, bj' the order of Archbishop Manning. By desire of Archbishop Manning the " faithful " -were at the- same time formally warned, in the several con gregations, that those who dispute or deny the Definition of the infallibility of tho Roman Pon- tifti or impugn the decrees and dogmatical constitutions of the Late V.atiean Council iiiciir the pen.alties attaching to the sin of hercax', and are in danger of being excommunic.atcd from the Unity of the Church and from the Fold of Christ. The domoustr.ation on Thursdaj', in connec tion with the laying of the foundation-stone of the new lecture h.all in connection with the Bathurst School of Arts, proved (.says the Balhurst Times) a com)leto success in every sense of the term. A procession, consisting of the Volunteer b.and, members of the City Council, School of Arts Committee, the Loyal Kincor.a Lodge of Oddfellows, and tlie .Sons of Temperahce, paraded the principal streets of the city. About three thous.and persons were., pi- esent at the ceremony. In the evening the- tea meeting w.as held in the market Imildi ig, and was very largely .attended. 