GENERAL NEWS. At the time of our going to press there was a ship in sight supposed to be the Darra. .Excepting the fining of one person for drunkeness, no [business was transacted at the Police Court onJSaturday morning, July 11, A man was found drowned in the River Torrens at Hindmarsh this morning. An inquest will be held this afternoon at the Land of Promise Hotel, Hindmarsh, The body has not yet been identified. Mr. P. Byass brought to the office of the Border Watch on Tuesday a lusus natures in the shape of two lambs joined as one. There was only one head betweon the two, but two bodies, eight legs, and a sufficient number for two lambs of all the other external organs. The monstrosity was the production of a ewe belonging to Mr. "Uphill, farmer, near Port MacDonnell. The following is Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win telegraph line: —Beltana, very cold, cloudy; Strangways Springs, fine; Peake, calm, fine; Charlotte Waters, clear; Alice Springs, fine, clear, cool; Barrow Creek, fine, clear'; Tennant Creek, clear, fine, cool; Powell Creek,I≠, clear, pleasant; Daly "Waters, clear, cold ; Iliver Katherine, clear, cold, fine; Pine Creek, clear, cool; Yam Creek, clear, fine, warm; Southport, clear, fine, cool ; Port Darwin, very fine, cool. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour on Saturday, July 11, is registered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0'095 " Blanchetown... 0*070 Tanunda ... 0*080 Gawler ... 0*105 Gumeracha ... 0*060 Wfilunga ... 0*015 Normanville ... 0 070 Many portions of the Mount Gambier district are noted for the luxuriant growth of ferns, but few persons perhaps have ever taken the trouble to ascertain the number of varieties that grow in the locality. On Tuesday Mr. J, Whitehead, of Glenburnie, showed us a small collection he made- from a cave on the Limestone Kidge, 13 or 14 miles from Mount Gambier, whictr he intends despatching to morrow to the Adelaide Botanic Garden. The collection consists of six or seven distinct varieties of this plant, some of which are re markably beautifuL Though it is scarcely pro bable this distriot could vie with New Zealand, where'the varieties of fern are nmmbered by thousands, yet it is certain a good collection could be made were the search' extended over a large area. Mr. Whitehead has also obtained some choice mosses from the same locality.— Border Watch. Speaking of the weather in the neigh borhood of Glare, the Northern Argus states that it continues cold, which has given a check to she growth of vegetation. In some low lying lands the young crop is assuming a yellow and sickly hue. The Secretary of the Marine Board, who has recently been promoted to the office of Seoretary to the new Minister, was held in such high esteem by Portonians, that a move ment is on foot to entertain him at a parting , dinner, He had served fer over 16 years in the Port Elliot ... 0 042 Mount Barker 0*010 Strathalbyn ... 0'025 Meningie ... 0*010 Kingston ... 0 170 Mount Gambier 0*050 same position, for which his nautical know ledge and urbane disposition eminently fitted him, The'amount of valuable property lying 1 about the Port without protection is something I enormous, and it is noarcely to be wondered at that some firms occasionally lose considerably by marauders. The South Australian Company have been 80 tons of coals short during the last 18 months, and the greater part of it is sup posed to be stolen from the coal heaps. In the case of a large firm who import timber to a great extent, £200 has been written off to cover the loss on deals alone in 12 months. " On Monday night," writes the Northern Argus, of July 10, "a family re siding in New Clare were somewhat alarmed on discovering that one of the members, a lad eight years of age, had risen from his bed during his sleep, opened the doors, and wan dered away. Search was made, tut the night being dark, it was a difficult task. The som nambulist fortunately made for a house at some distance, knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates—two females—who on per ceiving the ghost-like figure were considerably startled. The little fellow talked_ to them in a j strange manner, seemingly unoonscions. He was carried home by his parents and put to bed. On being questioned the next morning as to what induced him to go out and how he felt, he seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having left his room." Regarding the alleged degeneracy of the human race, Dr. J. M. DaCosta, in a vale dictory address to the graduating class of the Jefferson Medical College iD Philadelphia, re marks, the London Medical Record says, ab fol lows :—What we hear of the physical degene ration of our race is very doubtful. I think the men as well formed and as capable of cpn tinued exertion as ever. When we call to mind the marches of the British troops in India and Abyssinia, or of the Prussians in their late campaign; when we reflect on the splendid heroism, the privations endured, the extraor dinary vigor of the men, both from the North and South, who were citizens one day, soldiers another, and who, brethren again, have raisod the American name into a synonym for deter mination and endurance, it takes very strong faith to believe that the men of the second half of the 19ib century are degenerating." "The land in the Northern areas being admirably suited for nearly all kinds of fruit trees," the Bunyip says, " settlers should not let this season puss without making a com mencement in planting some; they should remember that fruit is in season _ when culinary vegetables are scarcely obtainable, and that a little trouble now will conduce greatly, in after years, both to their health and economy. A few vines of the table sorts, some fig,loquat, almond, peach, apricot, plum, pear, and quince, if only one or two of each as a beginning, will, in three or four years, make ample return for the expense and trouble of planting. Besides the fore going, olive trees are to be particularly recom mended ; there can be no finer country for them than the new areas, and in years to oome olive oil ought to be one of the staple pro ductions of this colony. It is not only the best oil that can be made and always likely to give a good return to the producers, but its preparation is extiemely simple and easy, and the refuse highly valuable as food for cattle, pigs, &c.; Young plants can now be obtained in quantity from the nurserymen, and at a very reasonable price per hundred ; they should be planted for hedges wherever they, can he protected for a few years from cattle, for no plant is more suitable for that purpose in this climate, and some should be planted out as standards to form future olive yards. The plants supplied by the nurserymen are seedlings, and if planted for the production of oil, will require grafting with good sorts. We may add, for the information of those who are unacquainted with this tree, that it grows luxuriantly in deep moist soils, but bears little fruit there. In medium soil3 it grows at a fair rate and bears good crops ; hut it will also, like the vine, flourish in the most dry, rooky, and apparently barren places." " The subject of signalling in mines," observes the Bendigo Advertiser of a recent date, "is receiving a large amount of attention at the hands of practical men. We have already de scribed several inventions which have been made, and yesterday we were shown another one, the inventor of which is Mr. Nicholas Thomas, mining manager of the Young Chum Company. This apparatus is easily worked, inexpensive, and simple in its construction. It consists of a piece of board feet long and 1 foot broad,'fitted up in the engine-bouse in a vertical position; on the upper side of it are painted the numbers of the levels, and on the lower the words 'haul quartz,1 'tools,' and names of other materials, &c.;, obtained from or used in the mine. A thin iron rod_ works in the centre of the board between two pins, and to the end of. this rod is fixed an inductor or two hands, one pointing to the nnrobers of the level, and the other to the materials, &c.;, wanted or otherwise. The rod is fastened to a small steel wire rope which runs over a wheel at the brace down the shaft, and at the other end to a weight acting as a counter balance. To the opposite end of the rod a pin is attached, which, when the indicator is moved forward, strikes against a small spring bell, for the pur pose of attracting the attention of the engine driver. A similar board is fitted up at each level. In making a signal in the engine-room corresponding ones are also made at each of the levels at which one of the boards is fitted. When the indicator is moved forward the first signal given is the number of the level, after which the indicator is moved to any of the bottom signals that require to be made. In order to draw the attention of miners working, say, in a level at the end of a long crosscut, when a signal is made at the plat, a small bell is hung in the ievel which is connected with the signal board. When the indicator passes, for instance ' No. 5 level,' it comes in contact with a pin, with which the bell hung in the level is connected by means of a thin wire rope. This bell is rung, and the attention of the miners is of course drawn thereby to the signal board. The apparatus is iu use, and works very well. The cost of fitting it up at five levels and on the surface, we are informed is only £3. 