ST. MARY'S KITCHEN. The season of " Lent," as it is called, has taken the Archbishop, Polding, down into the kitchen, to .see that the pots and saucepans are all in good order, and to arrange that the divine commodities of " milk and liutter, cheese and bread," be properly manipulated lest the devil .should get, through meat and chops, into the " faithful," and defile them with sins ! With all the weight, therefore, of Apos tolic authority, and St. Peter's .succession, the Archbishop has printed his "Indult" and his "Lenten dispensations and as these are curious, as so many proofs of the true religion," Ave give them below for Protestant study. The Archbishop in tho following particulai's, acts the cook, and, in direct defiance of the Avords of Christ, affirms that " that Avliich goeth into a man delileth the man," if the church forbid it; yea, so much defileth, that " meat and chops," without the consent of the priest, Avill be the cause of the souls 23erdition ! Here are the arrangements for Poiiish jiurity and merit:— 1\. Sunday is a day of neither fasting nor abstinence. 2\. Meat is allowed at dinner only, on all days, except Wednesdays and Fridays, the Saturday of Ember week, .and the last four days of Lent. 3\. On fasting days a collation may be taken in the morning iind evening. At collation a small quantity of milk may be used, and those Avho feel unable to take bread sufficient in quantity may aisc a little butter. 4\. Cheese and butter are allowed on all days at dinner. 5\. Eggs are allowed on all days at dinner, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. G. Persons engaged in laborious work, or in delicate health, to whom fasting would be injurious are exempt from this laAV. 7\. In all eases of doubt, a dispensation must be obtained from the first. 8\. When a dispensation cannot ho got Avith- out grave inconvenience, each may act according to his conscience. N.B. — Easter confession and communion must be made between the first Sunday of Lent, and Trinity Sunday, or the days included. Now, here is Popery, in defiance of the exjiress teaching of Scviiituve, setting up and enforcing its " meats and drinks," pro mising holiness and merit, and threatening .sin and damnation, according as the jieople observe or disregard these cookery jire- scriptions of Father Polding. The Apostle Paul said, "the kingdom of God is not meats and drinks, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost;" but Father Polding says, " the kingdom of God is milk and cheese, a little butter, a few eggs, aud no meat." Christ said, " not that Avliich entereth into a man defiletli a man, because it goeth into the belly and passeth out into the draught hut Father Polding says, " If you eat milk and cheese you will be pure and holy, but if you eat a chop or a piiece of roast, you Avill commit mortal sin." Which is to he believed or obeyed? Believe or obey Avhich you like, this is clear, that Popery and Christ are directly opposites — Popery and Christianity are contradictions of each other. Is it not contemptible, now that types and sbadoAVS in meats and drinks are done aAvay," to see Father Polding poking among the pots and milk dishes and eggs of his people, saying a " little butter," a 11 _ D ill- » A it suiaxl quullllt'y u1 iiiuk, uuu. allowed " on one day and forbidden on. another? Is it not contemptible to say that this is religion, and that meat on Sunday is sinless, but on Saturday inEaster Aveek it is so sinful and destructive that the man avIio eats must surely die ! Certainly it is the religion of the Pope ; bub as certainly it is not the religion of Christ as revealed in the Ngav Testament. In the 8th particular every one is left to his own conscience, in case the disjiensa-- tion of a priest cannot be got. Well, if in this great matter of sin or holiness, heaven or perdition, every one nuny in any case be left to his OAvn conscience, Avhat is the need for all this specially about priests and kitchen arrangements? Freedom! No; this would never do ; fo.r if it were not that the church can go into the kitchen, and order about the pots and jians, and direct about eating and di'inking under the pre tence of holiness, and sin, her power over the people Avould he gone in a month. She cannot afford to allow any one of her people to act upon " his own conscience." The exception, while leally destructive to her theory, is so cautiously given that it does not relax her unscriptural and false rtllntn HTlf) iVivlllcl making that sin which God has not made sin, and binding and fettering the con science where God has given liberty. There is a very good reason why the priest must he consulted. He does not give his dispensations for nothing. He has his scale of prices. If a man loves his roast on Ember week as well as on Sunday, he must pay for the indulgence, and the priest fix the amount. The charge is me on this prmciple-dw much caa- the mail afford according to his circum stances and, how much money out of him will be an self-denial equivalent to his being compelled to give up his knife and fork In that case the sin of eating the meat will be taken away, and the paying of the money will get him the same holiness and meiit as if he had never tasted flesh ! Here, then, is the secret of this whole affair — power over the people, . and then money. The bright side of Popish fasting is money. Strange is it that while there is a vast concern about the holiness of abstinence from flesh, there is no prohibition from drinking wine or brandy. Strange is it that while there is a narrow measuring of the milk and butter . and cheese of the kitchen, and a number ing of the eggs, there is no care about the quantity of rum or porter. If a man will eat steaks, and will not take a cold colla tion of eggs and butter, he will be guilty \- of mortal sin; but if he rejects the meat . and drinks plenty of wine or rum with his bread, he will be a good Catholic and offer to God for his sins a very effective fast ! 