THE CUKATOn OF THE MUSEUM. . IT was currently roportod in town yesterday that thi Board of Tru«tocs of tho Museum have adopted a re- port from a sub-committoo appointed to inquire into certain fads reflecting on tho oonduot of the Curator os elucidated by the Special Committee of tho Legisla- tive Asscmby ; and the result, we have icnson te believe, is that tho Curator hos been dismissed. STITCH IN THE SIDE.-A simple way of stop* ping, nt tho moment, a stitch in the side is to stoop and touch the foot with tko hand corresponding to th« side attacked, keeping tho body as upright as possible* \- Howlett, tho mau whose name has b.en s« frequently mentioned in connection with tho cines that led to the prosecution of Burdett and Van Ucokcren, for procuring abortion, was arrested at; Fern Trse Gully, Oakleigh, and remanded to Melbourne. \- Under dato 19th August, the mining manager of Krohmann's Gold-mining Company (limited) reports as follows: "In tho north »haft we havo sunk ¡.'J feet this week, making the depth from surfaco 3W¡¿ feot. Tho rock ' continues the samo, and thero is nothing fresh to repoli ,, By tho E. and A. Co.'s K.M.S.S. Jeddnh, thor« came MM, Bouquet do la Gryo, Hatt, Coursed le, and Filhol, who havo been despatched'by tho Kronen Go vernmont to watch tho transit of Venus from Campbell Island. Thoy will loave Sydnoy by th« French man-of-war Chor. NEW CALEDONIA.-Admiral Riboult, who was sent by tho Frcnoh government to investigate th« prison disciplino of Now Caledonia,- has docided to removo all the Communist prisoners to BUlepe, aa island off tho north end of tho main island. The Alceste arrived at Noumoa on Sunday, the 9th instant, with 'convicts. An interest in a nickel mino has been, disposed of at a good price. About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, corm table Hutchinson, of Ño. 2 station, couveyod to the Infir- mary a man named Thomas Watson,. suffering from self- inflicted -wounds in tho throat and on the arm. It oppeurs Watson and his wifn had somo words, and he beat her, and 'then attempted to cut his threat, besides sawing nt bis arm with a knifo. He was formerly a member of tho police force, ' but is a tailor by trade ; and about twelve months ago was sent to gaol for. atteipptiug to tnko his wifs's lifo. At the tim« ho inflictod the wounds in his throat and on his arm, ho was slightly under tho influence of drink. ' The varied entertainment, at the School of Arts continues to attract fair audiences. Thc tricks of Abda Shah, tho Turkish mysterinrch, who has, by tb« way, mastered thc peculiar idioms of tho English lan- guage, aro very puzzling, and his paraphernalia isex tensivo and good. Miss "Wiseman's singing is dt servedly woll appreciated, and the monkeys go through, their cutting satire on human trapczians with astound- ing j gravity and correctness. Messrs. Bromley mi Margotts appear in a succession of duets and character songs with great elf ect, and Mr. Sewell proves himself à olevor pianist. A report was current yesterday that : the skele- ton of a mar. liad been found at "Wentworth House, on Church-hill ; nnd on applying to tho police, "last night, we learned from constable Green, of No. 4 station, the following particulars :¿. Wontworth . House hos been tenàntlessfor the last few weeks, and the bsok and front doors were left open by the parties when removing. A week after tho last ocoupants had gone,' tho place took Aro, through some sparks falling from a burning chimney noxt door. The fire was,. however, extin- guished by tho polico, tho destruction of a mahogany mantelpiece being tho only damage sus tain od. Latterly a cat has taken up its nboilo within tho building, ana appeared to some boys at ono of tho windows. Toor Tabby was at once transformed by them into a ghost, and immediately overy stono at hand wont flying at tbe window. Tim roport of a ghost being within the house wa» takon up hy the associates of tho youngsters, and thu story spr&d; until it assumed tho form of a skoloton having beou seen at thu windows of tllO house. Considerable damage has been done to the windows Ly tho boys, most of the glass in the lower pnrt of the building having been smashed-to tho entertainment of the youngsters and tho nnnoynnco . of a con.iUblo, who'has boon, trying for tho last two or three days to catch tho delinquents, but without success ; for, as he says, "It's no uso; tho younii wretches see me coming, and they/ro off.liko a shot." Ho is going to itry.it in plain 'clothes to-day. ' ; -üTlio ? Chevalier Blondín, mid a whole army, of labourors and ni tisans, aro busy proparing the monster marquee for thin great exhibition to take placo in tho Domain, ¡at tho roar of tho Mint,' on tho 29th instant No'idea of tho size of this monstrous c^lTfta v>avilion can bo formel without witno^,, , tho"' gigantic frame I Wnï"^- n0^e]-« r"t «l> to'support it. " TÏC toni itself j "will .00 SOO. feet in length by 200 broad, somo 60 I 'Ceo by'30 less timi its 'original, dimensions, which. ' havo;to bo reduced - sir us not to'tren'oh upon tho paths that) interseot tho grounds. . " Around this is an en- closure, "fénoediii/'-lOO foot-long: "by 300 broad.' Tho sides', of- the'' tont trill bo GO feet high, and to get tho poles" (sotno hundreds, in number) on ond, a pair of ' shears has to.bobfought'ihto' requisition for oaoh one. Theso again must' bo battened from top to bottom, and .tho canvas will, be laced on all' round. Tho polos ' to suppóff"tho"ropo-on~which' tho"chovalier"walks and" performsare tluak'spars.'-.requiring as much fittinpjas 'a; ship's lo.wer.masts.;.- Tho cost of oreoting. this build- ing will bo sovcral, hundred pounds, although tho con Itractor, Mr. jJohnj Hinton, merely supplies the timber, 'and takes it away at tho end of the season. . Tho plac* will bo , Boat od , comfortably for .about 18,000 persons. Largo ordwds assemble oaoh day to witness thc work of erection, whioh is carried on, Hiidor tbe personal super, vision of M. Moiulin himself. ; .' . - ,^'PoiÖ.-A gnfae' at tho' above-took pince on Mooro Fark yesterday afternoon. Tho -number of spectators was not solargo us' on "Wednesday last, but the larrikins, ns usual, mustered in great force, taking activó "part" indisposing of tho refreshments, which' WOrobrought there for tho uso of tho ' playors. There -was ó bettor,attendunoo of playors .than wo have-ever soon 1 before) there being "nino when tho gamo com- mended, including hi* Excellency'tho Governor, 'who wo were 1 veryfrhtd tb soe present. . Tho players, as usual, wore distinguished by red and whito copi: tho red caps being his Excellency the Oovornor, Colonel Richardson, and ' Messrs.'Donkin, " Anderson', and Sahl j and tho whito caps :Mos'sra. M'Donald,' Hutohin-' sou, Commodore Goodenough, Captain St. John, and Captain Osborno. .Tho rod capB.woro ini''l>ossoss^on, of tho northam, whilothe whitó onps had tho southe rn gool. Play ' commonecd shortly after _3 _ o'clock, tho ball bolng sont down _ncar tho southern goal, where, after a fow minutes'smart play, Mr. Donkin scored,a goal for thorqd caps. After a short dolay. onds wera.clinngod,. and tho: ball brought .out to tho centre of tho, ground, wUero Messrs. Donkin, and- Captain St."..John crossoa. sticks, tho ' ball - boing- knocked , about ,up and down; for a few. 'minutes, whori" tho roda ran tho ball down to tho opposite goal. Mr. Donkin, by a finopiccoof play, scored a second goal. Ends wera nenin changed, oaoh playerWorking' hard to run tho hall down to tho opposition goal, when, 'after somo smart work, tho whites managed to got tho hall in tho vicinity of the northorn goal, whon Mr. Hutchinson, by a splendid baok hit, scored tho first goal for his sido. Ap-oln omis woro changed, tho ball hoing knocked to and fro about tho'ground for about half nu hour, being workod up gradually by tho rods, until within a fow paces of _ tho northern goal, whon Colonel Richardson, who had boon distinguishing himself nil through tho gamo,, scored a third goal for tho rods. It was now half-post four, and tho players, after partaking of «orno rofrosh montn, gavo up the game. Xhoso who distinguished themselves mostly, were Illa Excolloncy tho Governor, Captain Osborno, Colonel Richardson, Mossrs Donkin, M'Donald, and Cominodoro Goodenough. Wo hopo no shall novor again soo tho groy pony so ill-troated as ho has been tho last two days, viz., Wednosday and Friday, "or, na a bystander romarked, sotno ono win take it np under tho Cruelty to Animals Aot. 1 CI.HANINO Or,T> PAINT BRUBHKS.- Hot water,, with plenty of soda dissolved in it, will oloan the paint ut of brusho*.'. t ' 