? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE PALLIUM. Now that the revered Bishop of this diocese has been raised by the Holy Father to the Archiepiscopal dignity, it will we venture to think, be not uninteresting to our readers to be furnished with a brief account of the ptalliwn, which is the insigne of the exalted office to which the Most Rev. Dr. Goold has been appointed. As the Latin word indicates, the pallium is a cloak or covering. It is of very ancient origin, having been introduced and first worn by St. Linus, the immediate successor of St. Peter, and the second of the long line of sovereign Pontiffs who have occupied the Apostolic chair. Eusebius, "theFather of Ecclesiastical history," who lived in the beginning of the fourth century, and was Bishop of Cesarea, in Palestine, makes mention of it as a robe of the highest power and dignity. The ipsissima verba of this ancient and learned ecclesiastical author will be found interesting. He says:—"Nihil antiquius veste ilia sacerdotali Prassulis nostri, quae illi vesti de veteri Testamento successit Bysso auroque context®, qufi, in signum plenissimm potestatis primus Linus amictus est, cui ad typum dedit, et nomen, ut a veteribus accepimus scriptoribus, quam appellavit et PaUium." (In serm. de Epiphania.) Its origin and dignity are spoken of, in nearly similar terms, by St. Maximus, Patriarch of Jerusalem, who assisted at the councils of Nice, Sardis, and Tyre, more than 15 centuries since. The pallium is ordinarily worn only by the Pope, patriarchs, and archbishops ; but suffragan bishops are sometimes honoured with it. It bears some resemblance, though in miniature, to the robe called the cphod, which was worn by the Jewish high priests, and inferior doctors of the Old Law. In fact, the word pallium is only another and more dignified form of epiliod, which is Hebrew, and is sometimes written cphodh. The heathens, who seem to have borrowed their robes of dignity from the Jewish doctors, amongst others have appropriated the pallium. The ancient Greeks, particularly the philosophers, used it in the form of a long cloak or robe. The pallium sordidum was a garment of disgrace amongst the ancients, and our Divine Lord was clothed by the Jews in what St. Mark calls the "purpura,'" from which circumstance, probably, there are interwoven in the Christian pallium four purple or black crosses. "Thus," says a devout writer, "as the Eternal gave His Adorable Son a name which is above all names, the very instruments of the opprobrium and humiliation which He suffered are made commemorative, as well as a means of His exaltation and greater glory, and Princes of His Church, to the wreck of expiring time, shall bear this robe, and mankind generally shall look upon the possession of it as one of the most sublime honours with'which man can be invested on this earth." The pallium is composed of pure white wool, and is made and preserved by the sub-deacons apostolic. The sanctimonialcs of the monastery of St. Agnes, in Rome, and the religious of the sainted youthful virgin's church offer, every year, two white lambs upon the altar during mass, while the Agnus Dei is sung. Two canons of the Lateran Church receive the lambs and hand, them over to the deacons apostolic, who place them out to pasture until shearing time, at which time the wool is removed, and converted into a yarn from which the pallium is made. The sub-deacons bear the pallia to the basilica of St. Peter, where the canons receive them and place them on the tomb of the Apostles, under the high-altar. Watches are kept during the night, and in the morning, the subdeacons remove the pallia and preserve them till required. Every metropolitan, within three months after his elevation, asks the pallium, either personally or by delegate. If the prelate attend in per- son, kneeling on the right of the altar, he asks the sacred robe thus :—" I [N.], elect of the church of [N.], earnestly, more earnestly, most earnestly, beg to be delivered and assigned to me the Pallium, taken from the body of the Blessed Peter, in which [pallium] is the plentitude of the Pontifical office." The first Lord Deacon then takes the pallium from the altar, and places it on the shoulders of the kneeling prelate, saying :—"In honour of A}mighty God, and of the Blessed Mary, ever Virgin, and of the Blessed Apostles, Peter and Paul, and of the Church of [N.] committed to thee, we deliver to thee the pallium, taken from the body of the Blessed Peter, in which [pallium] is the plenitude of the pontifical office, with the title of patriarchal or archiepiscopal dignity, that> thoumayest use i£ within jjjjr Churpb. pn.gertain'aays which are . expressed in, the-, privileges granted. by f,>M.^os^lic,!See.. ^In, ijie name of the "Father,'and or the Son,"and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The pallium cannot be worn by a metropolitan out of his province. It seems doubtful that it can be worn in Masses for the dead. The procurator who receives the pej. lium for an absent prelate, swears that he "shall not sojourn more than one nioht in any place, unless lawfully detained and, ID that case, he shall reverently place it in a cathedral; and if not in a cathedral, in a collegiate ; and if not in a collegiate, in a parochial church ; so help him God, and by the Holy Gospels of God." The pallium cannot be transferred from one prelate to another, but must be buried with him on whom it has been conferred by the sovereign Pontiff. THE LATE MR. M. KEOGH. A solemn office and requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the late Mr. Michael Keogh, of the firm of Keogh Brothers, of this city, who recently died in Tasmania, will be celebrated in St, Francis' Church, Lonsdale-street, at halfpast 9 o'clock this morning. The remains of the deceased gentleman, which have been brought over to Melbourne for interment, will rest in the church daring the solemn services. FEAST OF ST. IGNATIUS. Yesterday was the Feast of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Society of JesuB, and, during the previous nine days, a novena in his honour was conducted in the church, in Richmond, dedicated to God under his invocation. The panegyric of the saint will be preached in the church to- morrow by the Rev. J, J. McGillicuddy. THE VICTORIAN- EPISCOPATE. The following despatch was received from the Agent-General by the last mail:— " Downing-street, 3rd June, 1874.— Sir,—I transmit for your information an extract from a despatch received through the Foreign Office, from Mr. Jervoise, respecting clerical appointments in Victoria, made at the consistory held at the Vatican on the 4th of May.—I have, &c;,, " CARNARVON." [Extraot.] Borne, 15th May, 1874.—It was announced that the see of Melbourne, in Australia, bad been elevated to the metropolitan court, under Dr. Goold, and that new sees have been instituted in the same province forB&llarat; and Sandhurst, to which the Bev, Michael O'Connor and Wm. Fortune have been respectively nominated. Since tbe consistory, however, news has been received at the Propaganda that Father Fortune's health is too much impaired to admit of his acceptance of the charge for which he has been ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION. On Thursday next, 6th August, the Feast of the Transfiguration, will be the 26th anniversary of the consecration of the Most Rev. J. A. Goold as Bishop of this diocese. As usual, the Feast will be observed with great solemnity in the Cathedral. There will be a solemn High Mass at 11 o'clock, after which Benediction will be given, and a solemn "Te Deum " sung. PROPOSED TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. A number of gentlemen met in St, Francis' HalJ on Friday evening, 24th July, for the purpose of establishing a Catholic Temperance Society in Melbourne. The Rev. P. O'Meara presided, and administered the pledge to a large number of those present. He said that upon receiving the pledge, they became apostles, and it would be their duty to redouble their efforts for the reclamation of the drunkard. After some discussion, it was decided to establish the society at once, to be called " The Melbourne Catholic Temperance Society." The meeting then adjourned until Wednesday evening, 5th AuguBt, at half-past seven, on which occasion rules will be adopted, officers elected, &c.;, and the society properly launched. The pledge will also be administered to anyone who may desire it. It is hoped that there will be a large attendance. THE PAPAL TRIBUTE. The Catholics of St. Kilda must be thorough. Ultramontanes ; in reply to Father Corbett's appeal, at St. Marys, they have contributed £120 to the Papal Fund. Last year, their contribution waa £100. CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE SOCIETY. We have received the rules of tte Christian Doctrine Society for the city ana suburbs, with the following explanation from Mr. A. E. Hughes, the secretary :— " These rules have been drawn up by ® conference of delegates from the local societies. The objects sought to »e attained are as follows :—The better organisation of our Sunday schools, "J drawing together a body of useful ana intelligent young men and . women M teachers, &c.; ; by giving prizes to xM children, and providing for the^ a feast once in each year. By these means we hope to interest the children ffl our labours for their good, and thus secure a larger and more regular attendance,?* school. Societies are already formed^1 the following cWches, viz., St. Patriot^ St. Mary's, St. George's, and St. Michael's. Next Sunday, meetings for the formation of more branches will be held at St. John's and St. Bridget's, and, on thd following Sunday, at St. Augustine's. We have ; now about 160 teachers, with a balance of cash in hand from the last picnic of £30. With regard to the attendee df -teachers, I may remark that the young ladies have lent their assistance in far greater proportion, and with more cheerfulness, than the opposite sex ; but M there seems to be a growing desireon the part of the latter to assist in the good work I hope soon to be able to report a, greater accession of strength'in our rank*;" 