TO IIENRY THE FIFTH, NAMED KIXG OF FRANCE, A.D. 1873." The fallowing translation of Victor Hugo's lines to Henry V., which has been sent to us (Argun), seems worthy ot publication :— " My youth was passing, Sire, whilst you among . The cradle-wrappings slept; my monjing-t*OE£ ^ Song o'er your pillow. Winds of Heaven have thrown Us both, tinco then, on heights apart asd lone. Heights 1 For misfortune drear, onr destined lac d. So thunder-scarred, a-aigh to Heaven most eland 1 The north and south axe nearer than our vafB Are near to one another; and Fate -lay® Tlv purple round you, and haanot withheld <)i.r France'e eeeptre-dasxlexnentErf eld. J, crowuetl with silver bain, ear—praising you— * Well done'.' That man is to liis manhood true WJio limYcly, at hie own behrs£,.will <lo lligit de»aii ol selfamdoini!; will forego All—all—save immemorial Honour,—though She teem to earthliereyes & pLsntoin, more Aril] follow her (as erst in Klsiuore One faithful heart obeyed the beckoning ghost). Nor stoop to buy a kingdom at her cost. That you au^ht but honest, none may say; The Lily must he white—all white—for ajtu A-Boorbon can but reign aa Capet'6 heir, ;Or waive his kingship. Hifctory is aware •Of wrecks enough—of changing battles' din— Of those who grandly lose, or basely win - .. . Better \iith honour. Prince, the stage to quit, j.Tban with dishonour deign to enter it J" Melbourne. AMERICAN DiturKS.—The fo'lewing is a verbatim copy of the liquor card hung up in one of the largest hotels at Long-branch, United States:— ' TIITE CAED or DSIXEE. Eye-opener B A.M. Befresher' tf Double Header, 2fo. 1 ... 6L30 "t Appetiser ... 1 Digester - ... ... 8 Big Keposer ... 9 StifrinUitor and Lunch 10 to 3 Tatter ... 12 X, Mixed Special ..; ... 12.3C ) I'M. iSettler 1 Lightning Express— 3To. 1 ... „. ... S Belayed ITo. 1 3 Social Drink • ... 4 Xnvigorator — 5 Double Header No. 3 6.90 Solid Straight 6 Accommodation ... 7 JFancy Smile... - ... 8 Pleasant Talk 9 Diet ... ... 9.30 Sparkler ... 10 nooser - ... ... U Nightcap ... ... ...- 18 Floaters free. • K.B.—WOd or irregular drinkera will keep out of the *»yKndoff die time of the regular customers. " Pasacu^rirB by late 'bus carefully iorwfutlod home by Wlieelbarrow Express.™ .V Miwiso' ROBBERIES.—For some time past r rep oris have reached ns of companies haviiig been robbed of "powder, fuze, candles, and other articles that were portable from jfte -offiass and macbiae- rpo/ris of various "Vdifimsj and it would appear that there twist a diopoughiy organized gang of such •thieves in this--dite trick On Sunday night some of these iuidqight marauders eat.red the engine-room of the Albert Gompaayj on idle -Stafford line, andmust hayedoae so by Jetting themselves dawn from lhe poppet heads through the opening .by the .rope, for all the windows and doore -were safely Jockedj tbeytook away giantpowder,iuee, candlesandxaps, about ^ElO -worth; they the. n followed'down-dte line until- .'without jS'VifeE- .tnaii^ j^iA'theyiMat the 'strath* Staffecd Company; heretbey oauldonly manage'to *!ay hands on -one box - of - caudles. - -The 'Hansel ~ Monfl^y' Company also " had tjieir -stprgs cleared a" few, (Jays #inpe .of candles \- jgnd powder, the-. MorningLjght iGoqpor bemgelso robbed. Surely eueh robisaries could -easily' he- -detected, as the robbers must fcffer thejrfunder for sale aoain, either to companies or contractors.—Independent.' 1L H. 33. 