'Csmsjfdttkttte. TO THE MOST REV. DR. VAUGHAN. (Per favour of tine Protestant Standard.) "Thou eomest in such a questionable shape that I will speak to thee." — Hajilet. Most Rev. Sik, — I trust you will not be offended by an enquiry after truth at your hands, by one who, I assure you, desires nothing so much as to find it, and to cleave to it, at whatever cost to early prejudices and associa tions. Hitherto the attitude of the Church of Rome in these colonies has been that of reserve, and her practice that of reticence. The mood of mind which suggested to the Protestants of New South Wales to contribute large sums of money for the erection of churches, and for the maintenance of religious houses belonging to the Church of Rome, was encouraged by an absti nence from overt controversy, and if any on the other side ventured to discuss — the king's com mandment was — "answer him not." On one occasion, after I m3'self had delivered a iniblic lecture on "the Holy Catholic Church," which obtained too wide circulation to be ignored, one of the most eminent of the Papal clergy con sidered it his duty to reply, and advertised his lectui'e in the newspapers and by placards through the town ; but, ere the day came, he was silenced by authority. But you have sounded the tocsin of a more candid and manly warfare, and boldly excluding the rest as heretics, you claim for your own church and her bishops, on behalf of her head, the sole apostolic function of "teaching all nations." If, then, you claim to be one of those sole Divinely appointed teachers, and here one of the chief, can you refuse to be questioned as to your teaching, since St. Paul tells us that it was even among the bishops that men would arise speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them. — Acts xx. 30 ; and St. John tells me "not to believe every spirit, but to try the sjiirits ivhetlier they be of God." It is therefore my intention to address to you a series of short letters, in a simxile and straight forward manner, touching some salient points of our controversy, and the validity of the high claims of the Pajial hierarchy. ' I proposed first to ask for your credentials as a true bishoi) of the Church of Rome ; for if the validit3' of sacra ments and of teaching absolutely dexiends on your true orders, and if there be any question about those orders (I mean according to your own church), what a horrible sin would you cause the people to sin — your ordinations pro fane, 3'our absolutions blasphemy, your marriages null, your consecrated wafer worshipped with " latria " although not transubstantiated ! Besides, in that case your claim to " teach " at all, would, according to your own view, entirely fail. But your own sermon on Good Friday, at St. Mar3''s, led me to notice first, in trying the sjiirits whether they be of God, a very strange misuse which seems very commonly made by 3'our teachers of the doctrine of the Hypostatic Union of the two natures in the one Divine Person — Christ, It aiqjears to me, although perhaps unintended, to draw the people to do that which is forbidden in the Athanasian Creed, " confounding the substance."- After detailing most niinutoly the various sufferings and indignities endured by the human body of the blessed Jesus — not even omitting what you must well know is entirely fabulous, the blood wiped by the fictitious St. Veronica — you sa.v " God reallji died, God real!)/ suffered, &e.; ; and yet you had been asserting truly that He was at the sametime true God and true man, two natures in one person, and yet here you are confounding the natures and assert the mon strous heresy — The Death of God ! Nor is this kind of language merely declama tory and accidental. I find it adch-essed iri very deliberate detail by the Papal Bishoxj of Bathurst, in his first pastoral, in March, 1867, "God litenvllx' died," &e.; But when I turn to the Douay Bible, on John xiv. 28, I find this note, " For the Father is (/reater than I. It is evi dent that Christ our Lord siieaks here of Him self as He is made man, for as God He is ecxual to- the Father. Any difficulty of understanding the ineaning of these words will vanish when the relative circumstances of the text are here considered, for Christ being at this time shortly to suffer death, signilied to His Apostles His human nature by these very words ; for as G od He could not die, and therefore as He was both God and man, it minst follow that according to His humanU)/ He must, die." Doctors seem here to differ. Those in New South Wales seem to forget that if the Godhead of Christ suffered, then that Godhead was imperfect, being passible, and as the Godhead of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost is all one, the Father and the Holy Ghost also suffered. I think this teaching is developing itself. 1 find in the same issue of the F)Winaii's Journal, which reports your ser mon on the Passion, a sermon by a jiopular priest, Mr. Burke, in which he uses those horrible words, " When I go uji to the altar to meet my God, whom I there sacrifice again," &e.; What are wc to think of the "spirits" that inspire such teaching ? What ! the bishops to say that God was literally killed, and the jiriest that he himself kills Him again ! J The same confounding of natures is used re specting the Iiiearnation, and is pressed here for the ajipareiit jmrpose of deifying the Blessed Mother of Jesus. The General Council of Ephesus, by a, packed and forced vote taken before tlie opjiosing bishops had arrived, gave the Virgin the title " Theotolcos," ivliich meant no more than that she was the mother of that manhood which was assumed into the Godhead. " Ho was made of the seed of David according to the' flesh." They did hot dare to call her "Meter ton Theou," or, in Latin, " Mater Dei," i.e, " Mother of God." But this is the delight of the moclern Romish Church." I refer again to that pastoral of the Papal Bishop of Bathurst. His theme is the Incarnation, but he uses it only as an instrument subsidiary to the deification of Maiy. It is "the dignity of the Mother of God " that is shown by it to be so " sublime and inconceivable as to jiass all understanding and then, " She is asreall3', and truly, and siibstanti- ally the mother of God as the mother of any of us is our mother." Is then the Athanasian Creed again wrong in saying "God of the sub stance of His Father, begotten before the world, and man of the substance of his mother born in the world." AVill you adopt all the necessary, consequences of this maternity of God " as really, truly, and substantially as the mother of any of us is our mother ?" All the collateral relationships must then follow. The brethem of the Lord were the brothers and sisters of God. St. Ann was the grandmother of God, as indeed I have heard her called by a great Roman preaeher ; and God had uncles, aunts, cousins, great grandfathers, and the rest. I am happy to see that in the Papal Archbishop Kenriek's Translation of the New Testament, he has this note on St. John ii. 4., "The mother demanded a miracle, but He in Divine operations does not recognke maternal authority, and says as it were, thou didst not bring forth my wonder working power ; thou 'art not the mother of my divinity." But your Bishop of Bathurst's proof, so called, of that extraordinary assertion he does not trust himself to give ; he takes it from an author not named, but said to be "a holy man, one of the greatest writers of the day." This is the quotation which certainly does riot seem to honor either the Lord, or the Virgin, or the "Holy. Man." I quote from the Pastoral xnib- lished in the Freeman's Journal. " The Word of God did not merely come and go. He did not merely pass through her as He passes through us in the Holy Communion. No; He imbibed. He sucked up her blood and her substance into His Divine person. He became Man of her, and hence (!) she is not merely the mother of our Lord's manhood, or of our .Lord's body, but she is to be considered as the mother of the Lord Himself, the Word incarnate." Striking sequence truly ! Mark its force. He was already God. He imbibed manhood from her. Hence she is not merely the mother of that manhood I and this from "one of the greatest -writers of the day, " backed up by an. authoritative divine teacher — a bishop ! Suppose we frame a syllogism. The Blessed Virgin was mother of that only which he imbibed from her. That which He imbibed from her was not Deity but humanity. Ergo ; she was the mother of His humanity, not of His divinity, and therefore not the mother of God. Now, how can I recognise as the only teach ers of the world and the church, men who pre tend that God had literally a mother and a grandmother, that God was actually killed, that a jiriest keeps continually killing Him stiU; and that this God-murder is rejieated many million times each year, and is of strange delight to the God Avho is killed, — and after that that He is eaten? Plain words -yet not my words but yours. Surely no blasphemer or atheist could insult the Deity more than this ? I am, most Rev. Sir, Yours most faithfully. ZACHARY BARRY, LL.D. 