THE MAIL ROBBERY AT GRENFELL. On the 11th instant, Samuel Alfred Jones, on re mand from Forbes, was brought up at tho Greu- fell police office, charged by senior-eergoant Lano with having stuck up her Majesty's mail on Fri- day morning, 3rd April, at Mitten's Creek, noar Gronfell. Tho depositions taken at Forbes,- before F. Dalton, Esq., P.M., and Alfred Stokes, Esq., J. P., were handed in to the court by sergeant Lano, and read by tho clerk, of which the following is tho substanoc. Prisoner, in answer to the charge of mail rob bery, said, "Well, suoh an idon!" that he oamo from Wagga Wagga by way of Young nnd Oowra to Gronfell ; the poundkeepor at Oowra -paid bis fnro to Gronfell ; he engaged a bed at Rich's pub- lic-houso ; that it was more likely some ono at King's stuok up the mail than him. Two old lettors and an old pocket-book wero found on the prisoner. King's is a shanty on tho lowor Two-mile, near the eoeuo of the robbery. Tho following is the evidonoo takon at Gren- foll : — John M'Nerney,, mnil-drivor, on oath, stated : I have seon tho prisonor before ; the first time in Oowra, on Tuesday evening, 31st March: was driving the mail on that day, and the prisonor was a passenger from Oowra to Brando ; he eat on the box with mo. and in _ conversation said ho was going to tcaoh school at Brunda ; Mr. Watson, of Oowra, becamo responeiblo for his fare in tho coaoh to Brundo, in the event of Mr. Woods failing to pay the money for him ; I stopped at Ellis's store at the Fourteon-milo : prisoner had a swag with him, whioh ho opened at this place, and took oat a bottle and offered mo a drink, which I de clined ; could not identify the bottle again ; went on to Brunda. and set the prisonor down there ; the prisoner promised to moet mo on my return the following day, and pay his faro, but failed to keep hie appointment ; I was tho driver of the mail coach from Oowra to Gronfell on Friday morniDg, 3rd April, and reached Mitton's Oreek about throo o'clock in the morning; I had a lady passonger in tho coach'; she was sitting on the box at tho time wo approached the creek ; the night was cold, and tho' lady ws wrapped in rail- i way wrappers, and half asleep ; tho oreek was i running high at the time ; I roused the young lady \- up, as she might get. frightened while orossing the i stream ; just as I got on to the opposite side, a roan made hie appearanoe from behind a tree on tho left hand Bide of the traok ; I said to the lady passeDger, " There is a man ; " it was a moonlight night, but at this momont tbo moon became clouded; tho man eung out, "Stop! stop I " I eaid to the lady passenger, " Thoro is a bush ranger—wo are Btuok up, by I " I sung out to tho man, " What do you want P " and the man in reply said ho wanted tho mail bngs, which I re fused to give ! tho man snid, " I must hnve them, and if I have to aBk tho socond time, I will, by , mako you givo them quick ; " at this time tho man was standing at tho horse's heads : I said tho bags woro no earthly uso to him, as -they contained newspapers only, and that one paper wns ns good to him as the lot ; I was then peremptorily ordered to throw out tho bngs ; I said tho bags wore on tho rack of tho aoach, but that I could not lcavo tho box to give them ; he said, " I asked you once, now this is tho second timo, and if I havo to ask a third time, by I will roll you off the — - box!" I said, ' If I get down tbo horses will run away, and probably kill this young lady ;" the man then said he would hold tho horses ; I then got down, and placed tbo mail bags by the coach wheols ; I wns then ordorod on to the box again ; while I was getting on to tho box the bushranger left the horses' heads and went to whore the bags woro lying ; I looked round and observed tho man stooping over the mnil-bage, with one arm over his hat to bide it, as he said, " You might identify this hat again ;" tho bushranger then threw tho bags ovor bis shoulder, nnd wont in tho direction of tho oreek I had previously crossed ; ho said to me, " Don't you movo, I will bring tho bags baok in a quarter of an hour— don't you movo for your life !" I forgot to mention that ho asked if there wero passengers inside tho coach, to whioh I replied, "No;" he then aBked if the passenger on the box was a female, nnd I said " Yob, and you are putting ue in nice bodily fear at this tf.- hour of the night by sticking us up ;" the bush- rangor said he had a man with him ; ho then walked along the creek with tho bags ; lie was talking as i£ in company with some person as he went along the creek ; I did not soo a second person ; tho rain then came down heavily and the horses became restive, and would not stand ; I remained about an hour, but the bushranger did not return ; I thought at the time that the voioe of tbo person who stuck-up tho coach resembled the voice of the man who was a passengor in the aoach from Oowra to Brunda the previous Tuesday ; tho hat tho bushranger wore was a broad-loafod felt bat with something like a blaok band round it, and ho also wore whitish trousors and a short dark ooat, something like a monkey jacket ; thero was something black round tho lower part of his face ; I gave all theso particulars to the police on my arrival at Grenfell ; the des cription of the person who Btuok up tho coach corresponds with tho person who was a passenger from Cowra to Brunda on the previous Tuesday; I mentioned this to tho lady passengor at tho timo ; the prisoner before tho court is the person I refer to aB a passenger to Brunda on tho previous Tuesday ; bis voioe, manner, and genoral appear - anoo resembles the person who stuok up the coach on Friday morning, 3rd April ; the hat prodnoed resembles the ono tho person woro who stuck up tho ooacb ; tho voico was like that of a female ; tbo bushranger said he wantod the Government arrangements ; ho had something in his hand whioh clioked like fire-arms ; ho kept tho horses between mo and him ; I saw no iiro-arras, but ho had something in his hands that clicked. By the bench : I did romark to tho lady passen ger that the person who stuck us up was like tho icrson who was a passenger on Tuesday last between Oowra and Brunda ; I said his clothos and voieo resemblod that person vory muoh ; I told tho police of this conversation I had with tho lady passengor ; tho placo whoro tho coach was stnek up is about fivo and a half miles from Gron fell. on tho Oowra road. Mary Drohan, the lady passenger so frequently reforrod to by tho previous witness, was now called, and gnva tbo following ovidonco:— I live at the Albion Hotel, Grcnfell; I was a passengor by the coach, on Friday morning, 3rd April ; re- mombor crossing Mitten's Creek ; the coaoh was stuck up on Grenfell side of tho creek ; the man who Btuok up the coach was at tho horseB' heads when I first saw him ; he wore whito trousers and a blaok coat, also a broad-loafed hat of a greyish colour, whioh resembled tho ono now produced ; there was considerable conversation betweon the bushranger nnd, the coachman ; wo were detained at the creek for about three-quarters of an hour ; the coachman Bnid to mo that ho had an idea that tho porson who stuck up tho coaoh was a passenger with him on the previous Tuesday from Cowra to Brunda; tho prisonor with his bat on looked like the man who stuck the coach up ; ho had some thing dark over hie face ; I am very suro of that ; I was frightenod nt the timo. At this stage of tho investigation sorgcant Lano applied for a remand until Tuesday. Remanded accordingly. The prisoner stated that he would bo able to provo an alibi, Tho bench ordered that every facility should bo afforded tho prisonor to procure witnesses.— Burrangong Chronicle, By tolcgram wo learn that the prisonor has since been committed. ED. F.C. MUNICIPAL— There is to be a meeting of Council this afternoon at 2.30 p.m., i.e., if a quorum can be got together by hook or by crook.— The valuers are proceeding with their labours for the current year. We understand from them that since the making of the last valuation about seventy-five ratepayers have removed from their former residences. — There is a prospect of a contest for the vacant seat in O'Brien Ward, ex-Alderman Sheekey having been nominated as well as Mr. Tanswell. There has been great studying of " green octavoes " during the past few days, and some opine that as Mr. Sheekey is not a ratepayer in O'Brien Ward that, therefore, he is ineligible for election. That part of the 32nd clause of the Municipalities' Act. which deals with this moot point runs thus : — "Every male elector, of any Municipality, or. if the same be divided into wards, of any ward thereof, who is a natural born or naturalised subject of Her Majesty, and is not otherwise disqualified as herein prescribed, shall be capable of being elected Mayor, Alderman, or Auditor thereof." THE LATE BAZAAR. —We havo been informed that the nett proceeds of the lato Church of England bazaar were £235. Tho objcctB to whioh that handsome amount ia to bo applied have not yet been definitely decided upon. The Outgoing English. Mail, via Melbourne and Suez, leaves Hobson's Bay on the 22ad inst. Letters intended for that route must, carry an additional penDy stamp to cover cost of carriage to Victoria. A Freak of Nature. — Wo wore shown yester day by Mr. Myles a handsome double dahlia of a remarkable kind. Its peculiarity consisted in its being possessed of two distinct crowns on. the ono Stalk! We have heard of other flowers occasionally developing this abnormal appoaranoo, but never proviously of a dahlia doing bo. Billiards. — Yesterday a very pretty gamo for £5 a side was played at the billiard-room of the Oommoroial Hotel between two local amateurs. School Treat at Murrumbateman.— On Wed nesday last, the annual treat was given to tho children attending the Publio School at Murrum- baturann, on whioh occasion the members of tho local board and a . number of the parents wero present. Thore were thirty-six children in attend ance. The toacher, Mr.. Jobson, first put some of the classes through their lessonB, iu whioh tho children acquitted themselves very satisfactorily. A general move was then mado to tho playground, where they wore nil treated to cakes, lollies, skipping-ropes, bats and balls, &o.; Tho young folks made up their in'roda to enjoy themaolvca, and, having an ample ohoioe of sports, did so thoroughly. Tho paronts, with some of the larger boye, got up a oricket match, Mr. Jobson and Mr. Lucas being the captains. Tho gamo'rcsulted ih. an easy victory for Mr. Jobson's team. Every thing paBse'd off in a most social manner, and a most enjoyable day's. sport was brought t6. a qlos'o ' by the "Children giving - three cheers for ..the looal board and three-more for Mr. and Mrs. - Jobson. ... -.-.i J . De Lunatico. — We think thnt the Qovornraont might arrange eomo menns by which criminals and lunatics could be conveyed from one. place to another, without being compelled to convert mail coaches into- police vans. It is not the most plonsant thing in the world for a lady traveller to be boxed up in a coach with a madman. A Row occurred at the lower end of Oooma- street on Wednesday evening between 9 and 10 o'clock. Language of an uncdifyiDg character was freely used, very much to tho annoyance of all rospcctablo persons living within gunshot. Registration. — Mr. J. Harper has teen ap pointed Acting- Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages for tho district of Yass, during Mr. Yatos' absonoe on leave,— appointment to bear date from the 17th instant. Small Debts Court. Binalong.— Mr. Jnmes Sinclair was appointed Bailiff of the Small Debts Court, Binalong, on the Gth instant. Comptroller-General of Prisons. — Mr. Harold Maclean hns beon appointed Comptroller- General of Prisons. Palmer River Digoinos.— Tho following tele gram, bas beon received dated, 13th April, 187-4, from Colonial Seorotary, Brisbane, to Colonial Secretary. Sydney. — " Following telegram reoeivedjfrom Polioo Magistrate. Oooktown : Plenso make public, with view if possible of stopping present rush. Wo have had three days' rnin almost without intermission, and such rain — two and a half inches fell in one night. There are large numbers of people in Oooktown — nearly four thousand — who can neither get on nor get back. Tho weather prevonts those who are determined to roach tho Palmer from going forward, and want of money hinders many who would rather return 30uth from leaving Oooktown. Many who went to the Palmer without sufficient supplies have been forood to return. Tho Government will, it is hoped, try every means to stop the people from coming here, and crowding into a place whero thero is nothing for them to do, and which they cannot got out of. Thero is no doubt at all that there aro rooro peop'o horo than the ciroumstances will justify ; and those who como without ample means to stay will bo sadly disappointed. Shippers send ing a largo numbor of passengors without means, aro' themselves running a groat risk as woll as the people who eomo hero." Tii e Metropolitan Exhibition,— Wo notico with pleasure that tho worthy president of the Yass Pastoral and Agricultural Association (Mr. James Ramsay, of Nanama) hns boon maintain ing tho honour of this district at the Sydney show. In tho sheep section we And him a winner in two olasses. Tho prize list thus reports: — " Olass 70. — Five Leicester wethers, any ago. J. Ramsay, Nnnamn, Yass, 2J years, bred by Mr. 0. Massy, Gundaroo, from Lord Polwarth's Loicestors, fed on Pampns thistles and natural grasses, prize, -Class 81. — Fivo Southdown wothers, any age. J. Ramsay, Nanama, Yass, 24 years to 4 years, bred by Mr. 0. Massy, Gundaroo, from sheep imported from tho flock of J. Webb, fed on PampnB thistles and natural grassos, prize." In farm produce Mr, Ramsay was also a successful exhibitor. Tho S. M. Herald says : — " Tho farm produce is exhibited under the aisles of the main building. Altogether there aro more than one hundred oxhibits from about thirty exhibitors. In some classes tho ex hibits inoludo a large varioty of produce. The prinoipal exhibitor is Sir William Macarthur, of Camden Park ; nnd ho obtained the prize for the most complete collection of agricultural produco. The next largest collection is that of Mr. J. Ram say, (>f Nanama. .Yass, tho exhibitor who last year carriod off so many prizos. It is displayed in tho eastern aisle. Tho gonernl collection of farm seeds alone includes about sixty varieties, and obtained tho prize. Mr. Ramsay also obtainod tho prize for -the finest collection of potatoes, and prizes for ox hibits of whoat and other produce. An unusual feature in this oolloction was a quantity of flax in seed — an exhibit that was highly oommended. A sheaf of carB is oxhibited in the collection, illus trating the form in whioh the difforent kinds of grain are grown." We also notioo that the boar (long bodied breed) which took tho prizo in class 97, though tho property of Mr. Lethbridgo, of near Penrith, tvas one bred by Mr. 0. Massy, of Gundaroo. Mr. Honry Payten, of Gouiburn, took tho prize in olnss 20, for best pair of ponies, with two chestnuts with flaxen manes and tails. Mr. James Watson (formerly of Young) took first prizo for best pair of enrriago horses. Somo vory fine samples of flour aro roported to bo ex hibited by Messrs. Watson Brothors, of Ypung. We subjoin tho official list of awards in tho farm produce section Wheat, white, half buBhel.— J. Ramsay, prize. Wheat, red, half bushel, 0. B. Fisher, prize. Maize, large yellow or flint, half bushel — Sir W. Mnoarthur, prize ; T. G. Hewitt, highly oommendod. Maize, small yellow or flint, half bushel — Sir W. Macarthur, prize, Maize, earlioBt, half bushel— Sir W. Macarthur, prize. Maizo, white, soft, half bushel— J. Booth, prizo. Bnrley, malting, half bushel— J. Booth, prize. Barley, capo, half bushel— J. Booth, prize. Rye, half bushel — J. Booth, prizo. Oats, half bushel — J. Ramsay, prize. Peas, half bushel— J. Ramsay, prize. Horse beans, half bushel— J. Booth, prizo. Harricot beans, half bushel- J. Ramsay, prize ; Sir W. Macarthur, highly commended. Linseed, half bushel— J. Ramsay, prize. Sorghum in grain, and in heads of 12— Sir W. Macarthur, prize. Broom millet in grain, nnd in heads of 12 — Sir W. Macarthur, prizo. Grass seeds, in col lection in bags 10 lb. each — J- Piggott, prize Farm scods in bags of 10 lb, each— J. Ramsay, Y>rizo. Complete collection of agricultural produce — Sir W. Macarthur, prize ; J. Ramsay, highly commended. Oollection of swecds, not less tban six of each variety— J. Piggott, prizo. Oolleotion of mangolds, not loss than six of onch variety — W. Lnmb, prize. Oarrots, field-grown — J. Ram say, prizo. Parsnips— J. Colo, prize. Oolleotion potatoes, not less than 21 lb. eaoh variety— J. .Ramsay, prize. Oolleotion feed pumpkins, not leas than two of each variety— Sir W. Macarthur, prize. Extra oxhibits— Nanama, J. Ramsay, prize.. Hamilton Hume's Overland Journey, 1824. — Wo clip the following from the Albury Border Post : — Early in tho current year a correspondent suggested that tho semi-centennial annivorsary of tbe encampment of that' meritorious Australian explorer, Hamilton Hume, on the site of the town of Albury, should be made memorable by the celebration of such an important epooh in tho 'history of Rivorina. Since the date of tho appear ance of our correspondent's lettor in the Border Post, preliminary steps have been taken for the purpose of having the event brought off with what znny be termed national eclat. Information has rcachod us that, amongst other things, arrange ments will bo mnde with the view of affording our -oarly pioneers and recent settlers in tho district an opportunity of contributing to, and of co-operating with, tbe promoters of this laudable movement. It is'contemplated to appoint local committees in the centres of population throughout Riverine, as well as in those of tbe neighbouring towDs of the colony of Victoria, for tbe purpose of collecting funds to be devoted towards the ereotion of a national monument on a grander scale than that whioh at present denotes tbe spot in the Federal City, on which Hamilton Home, his companion Hovoll, and their followers encamped on the 17th November, 1824. , . . Let us hope that all classes, from the Governors of both colonies down, will vie with ono another in promoting the magnitude of the testimonial, and in swolling the number of a gathering which promises to be the greatest and most interesting event over witnessed in the Aus tralian colonies. The Stabbing Case at Mioalago. — On Tues day .last, OharieB Graham was ohurged before tbe Queanbeyan bench wiih stabbing his wife and ono Maurice Doyle, at Micalago. The deposition made by James Vickery gives 'a clear account of tho case. It is as follows (we quote the report of the f)tteanbeyan dtje) James Vickery deposed : I am u groom in the employ of Mr.; O'Rourko, inn- JseepOr, Mioalogo. . I was in 'Mr. O'Rourke's kitchen on Sunday, the- 5th April, with prisoner, who hqd been about the place for days previous. I saw he bad a knife in bis hand. It. was a common olasp-knifo, and he' held it open, He asked me did I ever soe a b.utchor's shop. I told him he was an old man and should have a thought of himself, and not attempt to get himself into troublo in his old years. I felt sure ho meant mischief. I oautionod bis wife to be on 'the look out for him.. She replied, " Novor mind, I'll take caro of myself : I'm not frightened of him." Prisoner's wifo held a dish of potatoes in her hnnd, and was in tho not of walking out of tho kitchen with it. Tho prisoner then mado a spring from my side whero ho was standing, and stuck tho knife, which ho had hold open in his band for a quarter of an hour, in as far as ho could, somo- where near her breast. I did not see her stabbod a second time. I got in a passion, and both I and Maurico Doyle, who was also prcsont, rushed on him. She shrieked terribly when sho got the stab. Maurice Doylo closed with prisonor and throw him on the floor, and the knife fell from his hand. 1 saw prisonor, beforo ho was thrown on tho ground, swing his hand round nnd stab Doylo in the side. Doyle then threw him down and kioked him. 1 said, " Maurice, don't do that ; you'll kill him." I saw Doylo shortly after with blood on his hand, and heard him say — " my hand is' cut." I told him it was not that, but he was stabbed in tho side. Doylo then went into my room and took off bis clothes alongsido of my bed. The polico took charge of his shirt, on which thero was blood and plonty of it, and we washed his wound. I saw tho track of the knife through his shirt and into his flesh. Tho knife produced I bolisvo is the one prisoner use< It was then covered with blood halfway up the blado. I believe I can positively swear to tho knife. Two nights before this occur rence prisoner slept in tbe same bod with me. Ho asked me if I would take a message to his wife. I deolinod doing so. He then said ho wished me to toll her that if sho did not clear out in ono month be would shoot hor and then shoot himself. Ho was at the timo under tho influenco of drink. I saw him drink at least four glasses of spirits. The prisoner was committod to take his trial at the noxt Oirouit Oourt in Gouiburn. St. Edmund's Parsonage, Gunning. On Easter Tuesday last, tho cornor-stono of this building was laid by Mrs. Kennody of Oollingwood, in the presence of a large number of tho congrega tion and friends. Mr. fiayner presented Mrs. Kennedy with an address and a handsome trowel, on behalf of the congregation. The trowel, .which was the work of Mr. H. S. Olarko of Gouiburn, was very ornamontal, with myall-wood handle, and bore the following inscription Presented to Mrs. It. H. Kennody on the occasion of her laying the corner-stone of St. Edmund's parsonago, Gunning, as a proof of tho esteem with which she is regarded by every member of the congregation. Easter, 1874. A bottle containing coins, news papers, and an inscription was placed in a cavity beneath the stone, w.hich was then set, and tho fair mason declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Fathor, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Mr. T. Lino, churchwarden, read tho subscription list, by which it nppeared that about £350 only was promised towards the building, whioh was estimated to cost noarly £800. Mrs. Kennedy laid a donation of £5 on the stone, which was quickly covered by many more, amounting in nil to £30 in oaBh, and about £20 was also after wards given in promises. On Tuesday morning the annual election of churohwardens took place, when tho retiring wardens, Messrs. Konnedy, Jones, and Line wero re-elected. We may mention that the architect of tho parsonage is Signor Stombuco of Gouiburn; and tbe design, which is Bxcendini.lv elegant is in tho Elizabethan style.— \- Abridged from Gouiburn Herald. Tub Albury Circuit Court opened bofore the Ohiof Justice on Monday last. James Marsh, charged with having committed a criminal assault upon his own daughter, was acquitted. Tho Border Post says that thero was " sonsation in oourt" when the verdict "not guilty" was re turned. — James Green nnd William Green, butchers, wero charged with having feloniously assaulted Teresa Scbmidt-en- beoker, and were found guilty. Tho Border Post says that the prisoners protested against the verdict, and de clared their innocence. The younger prisonor said the witness was a looso charactor, and that he was only a recent arrival from London, where it was not a crime to commit tho offence on a woman of loose charaotcr. His Honor disabused the minds of the prisoners as to their ideas on assault ing women, though they were roputed to bo of loose character. He fully concurred in the ver dict of tho jury as being equitable. Tho sentence of tho Oourt was that tho prisoners be oonfined in Darlinghurst gaol for a period of IS months each, with hard labour.— William Roson was indicted on a charge of having oriminally assaulted his daugh ter, Eliza Roson, at Howlong. From tho evidence of the girl, Eliza Roson. who is 13 years and 4 months, it turned out, if her story was true, which wns highly problematical, thnt sho was a consent ing pnrty, and tho Crown Prosecutor entered a nolle prosequi . His Honor directed the jury to bring in a verdict of acquittal, which wns acquiesced in. Horse-btealino at Young.— On Friday last, Alfred Walkor, on remand, was chargod beforo the Young bench with borse-stcaling. Sonior- aonstnble Parker deposod : I am stationed nt Murrumburrah; I produce tho warrant charging prisoner with stealing a chestnut horse, branded 22 near shoulder ; the horse Las since beon claimed by William Ward, of Murrumburrah ; I showed prisoner the horse this morning ; and again charged him -he made no reply. William Ward deposed: I reside near Oootamundry ; Ihavoseen a chestnut horse outside the court, branded 22 noar shoulder, short tail, and bltizo down faco ; ho is my property, I lost him Inst Fobruary from my paddock near Oootamundry ; I noxt saw him with tho polioe at Hovoll's Creek ; I do not know prisoner j I never authorised him to tako tho horse ; 1 gave information to the polioe at Burrowa about Alfred Ward (tho prisoner), as being con nected with the stealing of the animal ; Davis or Grattan is tbe person ho was with. George O'Niel doposed : I reside at Hovcll's Creek, noar Burrowa I have soen a horse outside the court this, morning ; 1 first brw him in February ; a man named Grattan alias Davis and tho prisonor brought tho horse with others to our placo ; Grattan offered the liorso for salo ; prisoner was there at the timo with him ; I bought the horso from Grattan for £3, and I banded him tho monoy ; my brother John was present and witnessed tho reooipt; prisoner got on the horso at the timo to shpw him off; I don't remombor if he said any thing at the time. Prisoner declined to say any thing, and was committed to tnke his trial at tho next Yass Quarter Sessions. Mr. Roberts opposod bail, on the grounds that thore were other charges to be brought against prisonor. — Burranaona Chronicle. As a general beverage, a nocesssry corrector of water, rendered impure by vegetable decomposition or other causes, ob Limestone, Sulphate of Copper, &c.;, Wolfo's Aromatio Schiedam Schnapps is superior to every other alcoholio preparation. Its purity and exemption from all grossly intoxi cating properties, combined with its mildly stimulating and invigorating elements, establish it as tho only alcoholic bevorago in our country that can bo imbibed with pleasure nnd safety. Tho nervous torpor and dobility which follow tbe administrations of other alcoholio preparations and mixtures of tho day, sucooeded by their intense and painful nervous reactions, aro unknown as tho subsequent effects of tbe Schiedam Schnapps, even whep taken to freely,, while as a Stomachic, a Tonic Appetiser, it stands pro-eminent among the established curatives of the day. A publio trial of twenty years' duration, in ovory section of America, of Wolfe's Sobiedam . Aromatio Schnapps, its unsolicited endorsement by the medical faculty, and a sale unequalled by aoy other alcoholio dis tillation, have insured for it tho reputation of purity and salubrity claimed for it by the pro prietor on its original introduction to tho publio. Rosee deb Alpes (Dew of tub Alps). Tho aromatic herb which imparts suoh a delicate fiavoui to the matchless tonic, and to which it mainly owos its wonderful invigorating properties, was discovered five centuries ago ' in tbe heart of the Alps, and from that day to ' this botanical rosearch has never rovenled its equal. In Australia it has rapidly and deservedly takon precedence of any other imported stimulant on account of its absolute purity, incomparable flavour, and extraordinary properties as a cure for indigestion, and as an absolute preventive against(malarious disease. Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — A Cure for Abscosses, Piles, Fistula, and Bores of every description. — Tho very satisfactory results arising from tho uso of this invaluable Ointment, when tho patients liuvo been suffering from any of the abovo disorders, bavo induced tho medical pro fession to introduce it into the hospitals and their private practice, and in many instances where tho sufferer was considered incurablo, Holloway's ointment in conjunction with his pills bas bcalod tho most desporato cases. These medicines are also unequallod for the cure of scrofula, scurvy, and all diseases of the skin, and tbo euros they effeot aro not temporary or imporfeot, for their purifying powers bring about a marvellous and most beneficial change in tho whole system, and ennblo it, with renovated powers, to resist future attacks of the somo disease. 