Samuel Lover* THIS nopular. writer, whose Tales and Songs will in«? live in the English tongue, was born in Dub- lin m tj,e yCar 1797. His father was a member of tho Stock 'Exchange in that city. In his youthful days, Lover displayed much talent as a painter : and nfter leaving school de- termined to devote himself to the profession of an artist Ha acquired such proficiency that, in 1828, ha was made an Academician of the Royal Hiber- nian Society of Arts. He was afterwards appointed Secretory to this Society. He excelled in miniature nortrait painting. Among those who carno to bim to have their portraits taken were the Marquis of Wellesley, the Duko of Leinster, Lord Cloncurry, mid Lord Brougham. The success with which he minted these illustrious men, secured him large miblic favour. But, while busily and profitably engaced in painting, he found other work for his imnsrinalion, in literary composition, and produced « Legends and Tales of Irish Character." This Dtiblication obtained ior him nn introduction to the first society in Dublin. Ile continued tho nractiso of hi« first art ; but, gradually, gave more time to literature, as he found the public received what ho put forth with marks of approval. About the year 1837, he went to lue m London, mid wroto tor Jkiidu/i Jllisct/hini/, ana othei penodical". It was m sutccstn o munbeis ot litntldfs Misa Hi-ni/ that his met populai tile,"Handy Andy"hist appealed. The appeai nncoof tins taleinaiked ancweia of success va tile peiiodicnl ; and it leiuaint-, among the choicest menioiials ot Lovoi's powei«. as a comic novelist j Heiß is a specimen. After the funei ii of the old mun, tho " disconsolate widow ' ii is withdrawn fiom hei own house bj hei biothci itndsistei, lo tlie fniin, i hichgio« tobeiimueh nioic eomfoi table iiluci* tlnn wliciiKitt*, lett, foi to ha\cicmnined in her own hoiibc nltei tho lois ot "hei good man," would hine been too lund on "tlio lone woman So sud hei sistei and hei biothci, though, to judgo fiom tliewidow s ojes, she was not \cij lieu tin oken Slieeiied ns much, no doubt, a*< s oung widow s l,eiieiiilly do aftei old husband*,-mid could luttj bo expected to do more? Slio lind not boen mauj' d i\ s in her widow hood, w hen Biddi inked liei to duio into the town, w here Biddj had to do a little shopping-that gleit business of ladies' Ii\es "0 Bldd*,, deni, I must not go out so *-oon " " Twill do j ou good, Ktttj " "Innistnt bo scon jon know-twouldn't bo light, and poor dent Flanagan not buried a week !" "Sure who 11 see \oiti1 We'll go m the co\eied car, and drawtlio curt uns close, and w ho 11 bo the w îseï ?" "If I thought no ono would «ee mc1' sud the widow " Ah, w Ito'il see j ou i ' exclaimed Btddj . " Como along tlio dme will do j ou good " Tho widow agreed ; but when Biddy asked for a Horse to pul to the car, her brother refused, for tho onlj* horse not at work ho was going to j'oke in a cart that moment to Bend a lamb to town. Biddy vowed she would have a horse ; and her brother swore the lamb should bo served first ; till Biddj* made a com- promise, and agreed to take the lamb under the seat of the car, and eo please all parties. Matters being tints accommodated, off the ladies set, the lamb tied neck and heels and crammed under the seat, nnd the curtains of tlio car ready to bo drawn at a moment's no- tice, in case they should meet any one on the road : for " why should not Hie poor widow enjoy tho fresh air as they drov« along?" About half way to tho town, however, tho widow suddenly exclaimed,-" Biddy, draw tho curtains 1" "What's the matter?" says Biddj*. "I Bee him coming after us round a turn o'tho road," and the widow looked so liorrilied, and plucked at tho curtains so furious'}', that Biddy, who was superstitious, thought nothing but Flanagan's ghost could have produced such an effect ; and began to scream, and to utter holj* ejaculations, until tho sight ot Tom Durfy, riding after thom, showed her the causo of her sister's alarm. "If that divil, Tom Durfy, sees me, he'll toll it all over tho country, he's suoh a quiz ; shove j'oursolf well before the door .hero, Biddy, that he can't peep into tho car. Oh, why did I come out this daj* 1 I wish j'our tongue was cut out, Biddj', that asked me!" Inthe meantime Tom Dnrfyolosed on them fast, and began telegraphing Biddy, who, according to the widow's desire, had showed herself well before tho door. "Full up, Tim, pull up 1" said tho widow, from tho inside of the car, to the driver, whom she stumped on tho back at the same time, to impress upon him her meaning; "turn about, nnd uretend to drivn baok. We'll let that fellow ride on. said she, quietly, to Biddy, Just as this manouvre was executed, up caine Tom Durfy, "How are you, Miss Riley ?" said ho, as ho drew rein. ' " Fretty well, thank you,'' said Biddy, putting lior head and shoulders through tho window, whilo the widow shrunk hack Into the corner of tho car. " How very sudden poor Mr. Flanagan's death wasl-I w'us quita surprised." "Yes, indeed."says Biddy, "I was just taking a little drive; goodbye." "Iwns very shocked to hear of it," said Tom. " Twns dreadful !" wild Biddy. "How is poor Mrs. Flanagan?" Mid Torn. ' As well ns can bo oxpected, poor thing ! Good byo !" said miy' Ini'n'ftstly nnxiouH to out bhort tho conference. Ibis anxiety wns so obvious to Tom who, for tlio Mike of fun, loved cross- purposes dearly, that ho determined to push his conversation further, just because ho saw it was uiiwelconie. "ToboBtii-o," continued ho, "at his time of life." «T°7tr"0'" Silid m{*dy- " Good morning I" And the season has been very unhenllhy." ?Doctor Growling told mo so, yesterday," said Biddy ; " I wondoryott'ronot afraid of stopping in this east wind-colds »re very prevalent. Good bye !'' Just now, the Genius of Paree, who presides so particularly over all Irish affairs, put it into the lamb's head to bleat. Tho .»lind did not at first strike Tom Durfy ns singular, -woy liebig near a high hedge, within willah it was likoly 'W1 a I,lmumigl>tbloat; but Biddy, shocked at tho thought 01 being discovered in tho fact of making her jaunting ear a market cart, reddened np to tho oyes, whilo tho widow «tueezed hersolf closer into the corner. , tom, seeing the incrcasinc embarrassment of Biddy, and her desire to bo off. still would talk to her, for tho lovo of mischief. '! Ibcßj'our purdon," ho oonliuueil, "just ono moment moro ~i wanted tousk, was It not npoplfxy, lui* 1 heard an odd .«Port about his dont li?" ..ívíls*'08'" "''J'*1 Biddi*, "apoplexy-good bye!" "ii'd!jPs!wiT{ at all busked Tom. "aaI" says tim lamb. J0111 cooked Ijis oars, Biddy grow rodder, and tlio wklow »^ .1 , "cv bandkeroliief into hot* mouth, to endeavour to .»?other her laughter. I »ope Poor Mrs. Hanugun benrs it well P"wiys Tom. loot til ng !" says Biddy, " HIIO'H hieousolnblc." niTiüa~a' "»J'8 tlio Imnb. lan«) ty BI'oko Io"ao1' ll"d »"lor, tho widow kloked willi eeeded nntl ttom 1,'Mm H,l8lJcatod wheuco tlio sound pro- che does nothing but cry all day," snys Biddy. ?mJ^-^^-ftholaiiiu. J fniiT? jd,ow c°"ld stand It no longer, mid a peal of laughter tollowed the lamlj-H bleat. n>l»"¡i SttU t**ls"s¡üd Tom, laving hold of thocurtnlns.with inl ti. hlmd' m*d* spltoof Biddys screams, rudely unvcll ¡l»V f »anetuniy of sorrowing widowhood. Oh ! what a tKn J M1,0 l'lsl»S-I beg thoir purdon-tho sinking ircncra TWn 0,dRentlomon. whotako young wives, did To» hohold ! ronïnZfi1'0 widow lying hnnk in tlio ponier, sha who was St c.d l,s ?noonsofiiblo, and crying nil day,-Rlmkiug willi tollR'tho lmT> "ot°r sorrow, but Irroprcsslhlo mlrtli, BI7Ä, ." ttcheok ''0B>' o»o»Rl> for u brido, ol rlVS. SS.urso' .folueit tho shout. Tom roared in an agony höhlt.8,?/' lho vel'-'' drlvor's risibility rohellod against tho lum, "=iJ'csl,ecl* nnd Mrcngthciiod lim chorus; whilo tlio loÄO J, co,,'solous nt tlio authorship of tho joke, put in a Tom SÎou!°.1,"Bim-n-u-aIII" ItwnTnM "l11''Is devilment, lind good tusto enough to feel loennh «î ?.RC0,nu,.to «Ingevon ; so, morely giving a merry nod Mud|"?,f,N'0.ladles, ho turned about hisVi'feo as fastas lio Aï. i. .do n'v,,y m ,'0,,,M of liuighlor. comnnm, Li ,,LM',0,.,1'SU "'' (¡mo, lho widow nguiu nppnared In ' bWB ?,nd lom »urfy could novar meot without Htnll .nillefc ? »" i oth?f . w,l'lt tt nlpuwint Inllucnco Iles lu mutual w« ' wo love the lips wliich welcome us without word». SAMUEL LOVER. Suoh sjonpathetio influence it was that led tho widow and Tom to got botter and botter acquainted, and like eacli other moro and more, until sha thought him the plcasantest fellow in the county, and ho thought her tho handsomest woman besides, she had n good fortune. The widow, conscious of her charms and money, did not let Tom, however, lead the quietest life in the world. Sho liked, with the usual propensity of her sex, occasionally to vex the man she loved, and assert her sway over so good- looking a follow. He, in his turn, played off tho widow vary well ; and ono unfailing sourco of mirthful reconciliation on Tom's-part, whenever the widow was angry, and that he wanted to bring her back to good humour, was to steal behind har chair, and, coaxingly, putting his head over her fair shoulder, to pat hor gently on her peachy cheek, and cry " Boa I" Itpver published, soon after he went to London, two volumes of "Irish Sketches." Afterwards came out "Rory O'More," " The Happy Man," "The White Horse of the Peppers," and other tales. He also wrote songs, which took the fancy of the peo- ple; such as "Molly Carew," "Molly Bawn," "The Four-leaved Shamrock," and "The May dew." His " Molly Carew" shews how well he could set wit to a lively tune : SWEET MOLLY OAKEW. Arran. 1 what shall I do now ? Suro my lovo is all crossed, Liko a bud in tlio frost ; And there's no uso at all In m j* going to bed, For 'tis drames, and not sleep That comes into my hoad I And 'tis all about .von Mj* sweet Mollj' Carew. And, indeed, 'tis a sin and a shame. You're completer than natur' lu ovary featur', And snow can't, comparo To thnt forehead so fair: And I'd rather by far Have ono blink of that ayo Than tho purtiest star that shinos out of tho skj'. Though by this and bj' thal. For tlio matter o' that. You're moro distant, to mo than thnt same. Och hone 1 wolrasthrne 1 Och bono I I'm alone 1 I'm alono in this world without j'ou I Arrah ! Why should I speak Of your forehead and o.yos, When j'our noso, it defies l'addy Blake, tlio sohoolmastor, To put it in rhymo ; Though thoro's Johnny Burke saj's He'd call itsnublimo. And as for your cheeks.- I 'Troth, 'twould tnko him six weeks All their beauties to tell AH he'd millari And j'our lips,--ocli uni urce, In their beautiful glow, 'I'boy ii pattern might, hu To tlio cherries that grow. 'TIN nil apple that templed nur ninlher, wa know ; For apples were scarce, 1 suppute, long ngo. Though tit this time o' du j', From my conscience I'd say, Buch cherries might leuint a man's fat her. Och hone I welmstbrue I Och honol I'm ulono I . I'm alone In this world without you I Armh 1 tho man in the moon Don't you tea/.o me all ways That a woman eitn plazo 1 Don't j'ou (lillico twice ns high With tluit thlof, Bat MoOhee, AH when j'ou take shnro Of a jig, dour, with mu ! Though tho plpor I bent, All for fear tha old client. Was not playing j'ottr fuvourllo tune. And then, when at Mass, Mj' devotion you cross, For 'lis thinking of j'ou I am, Molly Carew ; For you wear, just on purpose, A bonnet so deep That I can't at that sweet l'urtj' fiioo get n peep. 'J'iiko and lava off that bonnet, Or elso I'll lay on it Tho loss of my wandering soul. Ooli bono I wolrastliruul Ooh bonn I Ilka uti owl I Day Is night, dear, without you , Ooli hotio 1 don't provoko ruo to do It ¡ 1 For there's girU, by tho soc-re, I That loves me, and more ; And you'd look mighty quave, If one morning you'd meet My wedding a marching In pride up the street. 'Faith, you'd open your ayes And drop dead with surprise, To seo 'twas not j'ourself that carno to it. And sure Katy Neale, With her cow, I'd go bail. Would jump if I'd say, Katy Neale nanto tho day. And though she's short and dark As a cold winter's day, And you're fresh and fair na tho blossoms in May ; If you don't repent Belora Easter, when Lent Is over, I'll marry for spite. Och hone I weirasthruo, And if I die for j'ou My Bwoet Molly Carew, My Ghost ivUl bo haunting you every night. Och'hono I weirasthruo ! Ooh bono 1 I'm alone I I'm alone in this world without j'ou. To vary his occupation, and recruit his strength which had suffered from literary labour, Lover made up an entertainment, comprising varieties of Irish Humour, and having entitled his performance " Irish Evenings," travelled about the country, and gave public recitations. He wa8 very successful in this effort. Finding how much the English people appreci- ated his art in giving an evening's entertainment, ho resolved to gratify his own taste for travelling, in providing a new entertainment. Ile went to the United States, and spent several months there. On his return, in 1S4S, ho gave his "Transatlantic Entertainment," which was tilfo well received. His literary labours for tho amusement of tho people were so highly prized, that nor Majesty's Government conferred on him a pension, which, added to the somewhat irregular and uncertain gains of literature, enabled him to spend his hitter years in comfort. Ho died on the 6th July, 1868. ??'?- ' ' ' ""' ' ' « 