POSTSCRIPT to final letter re Strikes and UNIONS. To the Editor. SXE—In your issue of the 14th inst.. I find that Hie long "bead-roll of curses'" wi th which I ndents.. have been denounced is at last climaxed by a ticalrxl loud clap of Dixon's thunder, intended I ily utterly for to annihilate me. 1 feel in duty bound, i therefore, to be utterly extinguished, and I ; utterly vanish (like a stage ghost.) into the j air! Exit at once into "an imbecile old dotard," with accompaniments—easy chair, gouty legs, hot flannels, gin and water, gruel, ! pap. physic, strengthening plasters, soothing e svrup. nurse, anxious friends, pious books. '•Plato on the Immortality of the soul'" under the pillow. "Drelinc jurt on Death" on the table. "Pity the sorrows of a poor old man," &e.; But crushed, annihilated, and utterly extinct as I am, 1 venture most timidly to ask (in a whispered parenthesis)—how it is that it takes so much of Dixon's thunder to exterminate "an imbecile old dotard" and not done yet ? Are the grapes souror isn't it ea^y to handle hedge-hogs But surely. Sir. this Jupiter Tonans cannot be the identical Mr. Dixon, miner and preacher, whom I have heard sing so sweetly, pray so fervently. and exhort so eloquently at the Primitive Methodist Chapel ? He would not deal in coarse invective or vulgar abuse: he would, of course, " love his enemies, and pray for those who despitefullv used him. " Imbecile old dotard—i. e. tough old customer (very). I have replied to blackguardism by playful badinage—it is beneath argument, and about it the public do not care a straw. I bid good-bye to Mr. Dixon, and shake hands with " Junius." I now challenge yo i. Sir, for your verdict from the editorial chair respecting the equities of my proceedings, as to whether throughout this controversy I have not admitted and maintained the following facts :— 1st. That the Directors v,-ere wrong, that is rash. in making their reduction both sudden and severe. 2nd. That the miners had a distinct right to refuse the wages offered. 3rd. That they had no right, moral or legal, to force up * or back their wages by their ultimate proceedings. 4tli. That by these proceedings (stopping engines, &c.;) they obtained" their object: not by a righteous equity, but by mob power, otli. That in so doing they have retarded mining industry, and shaken confidence in mining pursuits. <>th. That the tendency of all such measures is to injure themselves by injuring the owners. 7tii. That it is possible by equitable arrangement oE a soa'e of wages to prevent a recurrence of such evil. 8th. That the effort throughout has been an endeavor to procure and promote the pirnmnfiit well-being of th • mine;-, as against on'y a tempo ary and spasmodic success. And I further challenge you Sir, to say whether yo i are not convinced that this lias been my sole object, however humbly attempted. and that in the many and prolonged interviews we have had together, both of us have not sought unselfishly the " greatest good, of the greatest number." Xo doubt, Sir, if you as edit r. and I as ontributor, had looked at the whole question from one stand-point alone, and walked in ne groove, you might have had a song of praises, with a twopenny testimonial, and ! perhaps a penny wlii^t'e: but wanting this, I trust both of us arc able to grasp at higher things than these, while humbly endeavoring to benefit the whole community on a quesion of mixed interest, whose separate proortions of benefit have still to be defined and fairly adjusted. I am of opinion with others that miniiig is as yet only in its infancy here, anil that more Moontas only await the advent of science and capital. Twelve months ago I expressed an opinion that in 4 or 5 years the Hamley would, if orked by a sufficient capital, approximate n value to the Moonta, employing necessarily n equal number of hands : the splendid reults of the last year's produce fully justifies the opinion—it is following fast in the wake of the Moonta, and the little Nalyappa will f°M° %v the wake of the Hamley. But Wallaroo Mines before a pound of copper was obtained: to make other Moontas or Wallaroos, similar outlay may be necessary, and I boldly put it to the common-sense of every man whether such ventures are likely to be entertained, if strikes are to dislocate, or Unions govern the promoters. You, Sir, have acted, and I Sir, have written, with a view to secure the progress and development of the great mineral resources of this colony. What you and I want is a constantly increasing number of prosperous and contented miners, which can only be obtained by there being a constantly increasing number of prosperous aud contented shareholders. God grant it! I have been accused of writing for pay : that statement is on a par with the one that I manufactured a letter signed " A Widow Indeed" for which see appendice. If there is any value to the public at large in my statements of facts, or power from arguments, based on these, they arise from my being free and independent of both interests. I have not been bought into or bullied out of my sense of right-doing by the whole country, whose interests are mainly involved in the subject. I am &c.;, C. S. HARE. Advertiser Office, July Gth, 1874. To C. S. Hare, Esq. DEAR SIR,—I have no hesition in stating (at your request) that you are not tlie writer of the letter signed "A Widow Indeed," which appeared in the Adrertiscr on April 24th. I am not at liberty, however, to give you the name of tlie writer, who was a widow, I believe. Faithfully yours, WILLIAM HARCUS. 