WBECK OJ? THE BR.i'1'isnr ADMIBAX. TRIP OF H.M.S. PHAEOS TO KING'S ISLAND. (by our special Reporter.) On Board the Pharos, Bass's Straits, Wednesday Night, June 3. As soon as toe disaster at King's Island became known, on Monday morning, a deputation of gentlemen representing the mercantile interest waited upon toe Commissioner of Customs and suggested the advisability of despatching a vessel to the scene of the wreck, to save, if possible, any portion of the cargo which might have escaped destruction, and for the still more important purpose of rescuing and rendering assistance to any survivors who, within the bounds of possi bility, might have been washed ashore, but: not discovered by those who had reached Mel bourne. 1 The Commissioner promptly acceded to the suggestion, and telegraphed instructions to Captain Payne, Chief Harbourmaster, who was at Queensoliff, to send the Pharos to port, in order that she might te equipped for the expedition. At that time' the Pharos, under the command of Captain .James Anderson, was in the South Chan nel, seeing that the, lights were ail right for the inward passage of the mail steamer Nabia. Cap tain Payne boarded the Nubia at Queensoliff, and accompanied her in, this being the first time that the new lights were lit. On his way through vnputuu xnyuo pat»eu wicmn a xew nundred yards of the Pharos, and called out to Captain Anderson " to follow up." Th?i was on Monday evening. There was a heavy mist hanging about, and toe Pharos was blowing off steam. Captain Anderson did not understand toe communication, and he quickly steamed after the Nubia to obtain a repetition, but did not catch up to her, and the order, which he neither distinctly heard nor understood, was not repeated. Not knowing, therefore, that he was wanted in port to go to King's Island, he slowly steamed up towards Williamstown, where at noon on Tuesday he came within sight. He stopped at a place known as the Anonyma Bock, where he was engaged all the afternoon fixing a buoy. He reached the Wil liamstown breakwater at 6 o'clock that evening, when he learned for the first time that he had to proceed to King's Island, and that the Custom house officials had been waiting for him ever since 12 o'clock on Monday night. The whole of the arrangements for the voyage had been made op. Monday afternoon, a large stock of provisiphs procured, and located ready to take to the Pharos, enough to keep the crew of the steamer and all going by her, as well as to render any comfort and relief that might be required at the island. Eight men from the Cerberus were told off to man the Pharos, and assist the Custom-house officers, two of whom proceeded under the superintend ence of Mr. Thomas Hammond, tide surveyor, Williamstown. All these preparations were completed on the understanding - that the Pharos would start at 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning. All the men were ready and waiting at the pier, watching the provisions and on the look-out for the expected steamer, whilst Mr. Hammond, Captain Daieh, surveyor of the Vic torian Assurance Company, and delegate of the marine insurance companies interested in the wreck, and the representatives of the Press, waited at the Custom-house, and there toev remained and shivered all night. Owing to the non-arrival of the Pharos at the proper time, Mr. Hammond became somewhat apprehensive that she had either met with an accident or that her commender was not aware of his projected mis sion. The latter conjecture, as it has been pointed out, proved the cause of toe delay. But . some surprise has been expressed that, since he was in sight a short distance from the Bay, the harbour, boat was not sent down to tell him to come qp, for toe delay of twenty-four hours which resulted might have prevented the success of toe tr jp; bringing toe Pharos to King's Island late to be of any use. Whether such is ythcj esse ' we shall tee to-morrow. The Pharqf oame to port at 7 o'clock, and upon aikghis orders. Captain Anderson immediately made arrangements to clear out as early as possible; ' Coaling and; stocking the steamer occupied the night till 3 o'clook; when she Weighed anchor and started down toe Bay, at seven or eight knots The weather was very calm, and at 7 o'clock' she passedj through the' Heads, and thereupon entered rough Water. The 'troubles of those of the pas- dot "used to marine adventure then com- They begeteT tu foqi arid realise the and misefy bx 1 tea sickness. The severity (offering was hot owing to the existence of teas; 1 for toe waters of the straite wereromparStively calfe. At any rate, there was no to' ' speak of. It was owing to her perpetual rollihg motion, the cause of this being her junriinesB' and lightness. She is only 110ft. long by 20ft. in- widfch,and thus was unable to span two waveqt on&, but was at the mercy of each one 'that came along '; her burden amounts to scarcely 150 tons. It was not, therefore, sur prising that nearly all on board, not even except ing the engineer and men of the Cerberus, were more pr less affected. We sailed down the straits at the same speed in a direction from the Heads bearing west by quarter south. Canvas was hoisted, but it proved of no avail, so slack was toe wind. Thus plunging and seething through' toe " azure deep," the steamer cut her way till 4 Wiqkham, the ' northern extremity of King's Island; was sighted just in the direction of tbe craft . ' At this stage we were abont forty miles from (jape Otway, Whose reoeding outline could he descried in the dim and darkening vista, whilst pre were about sixty-three miles from the Heads, and twenty-one miles from the island. At sunset the lighthouse at the island was observed to be in full blaze, sending its flioforiiig beams across the wild waves of the ocean, warning us to beware of those murderous rocks and reefs — that, " hushed in grim repose await their evening prey"— within whose jaws so recently a gallant clipper had beea engulfed. Then turning towards the Otway in the rear, we saw the smaller . glimmer of its revolving light, now appeariug through, and then lost' btoind the battlements of a mass of murky clouds lurking in the north-east. Here are the tights which should have guided toe ill-feted British Admiral to her destined harbour. What a oheering reflection on this black expanse to see both weloome beacons, ljke stars of hope and warning, and feel ourselves- secure 1 Steadily we kept our course, making for wihe lighthouse till about ? o'clock this evening, when L ' we oame to within five miles of land. It ho#' ! became dark, and tbe men on the look-out could ' U: not jsee far ahead. Captain Anderson said r r we opuld approach with safety tp witoiri a miie -klti of the lighthouse, but, with reasonable preeahHom K which met with the approval of allJ he1deiS- J mined " not to run the risk of any humbug," aa'hfr" ' ; ' ' 1 obserued,a romark which in the minds of thole bf a r nervQUB disposition was calculated to carty «ofne significance. The vessel was directed to nortfr v - west, and speed slackened, and presently Mi toh - ' steam was turned off, and she was brought-to a standstill for the night; Thus, as I write, we are rolling about amid the surges whioV eakde ' roaring and foaming from the Southern Otean, standing about five miles from toe island; whete, : bar accident, we shall anchor to-morrow— "ah ' island which has dashed vessels to atoms, ahd ' I with whioh there are so many assooiationis of calamity and death. In times more desti- ' tote of superstition and poetry then when Virgil sang of the fears of iEnes about the unlaid and restless Harpies j hr #heb: Milton "warbled his Doric lay"' -on hfe ,,n loved Lycidas, and mourned the fete5 of him' " whom the storms and sounding seas washed tar away' —even then many an adventurer gazing 1 ' 1 forth into tbe darkness upon the scene of globm which surrounds us, might conjure up ih his ; imagination the ghosts of some of the unhappy- 5 ' voyagers who have been lost whilst waddermg 1 on this perilous flood. With suoh grim, lyetl - '' poetical reflections, your reporter tries to 'enjoin ' shake-down in the cabin of the Pharos;1 and = secure a few snatches of sleep, to prepare, in common with his companions, for the adventures of to-morrow. ABBIVAL AT CUBBIB HABBOUB. . King's Island, Thursday Nighti I_ sit down to write the account of to day's achievements at our camp . fire in a small Al tered glade overlooking Gurrie Harboui-, .where we landed this afternoon, and whose position will be presently described. After a wretched riieh't, haunted by dreams of rocks and shoals, among which the gallant vessel was floating, we went on deck, glad that daylight was breaking, anS that we w;ere still safe. During the night the ship had drifted oh her course north-westward, and the morning revealed her standing abont three \ miles off toe cape, where the lighthouse was still glimmering in the still morn. As soon as there was sufficient light, the captain made for the . lighthouse to inquire if there were any survivors ' of thq wreck there. The scene of the wreck was afill twenty-five miles distant south-west ward.; Whilst we were advancing towards ' threa reefs ware discovered within our range,'" with their fleecy surf glittering like clouds, ' brilliapt in the morning beams, and "lashing the stars in frenzied fury." One, calfofl the Navarino, was situate; due west, and aboul a mile distant from the cape ; ' the two others, close to one another, named the Harbingers, were south-west and three miles from it. We passed between these reefs during the night, and were now two or three miles away from them. The steamer approached the cape at three knots an hour ; she eased at a mile from land, where the soundings were forty fathoms. When the sun 1 rose the tight waa extinguished, and immediately afterwards a flag was hoisted from the station, and Captain Anderson responded with the ensign at the mast- head. He then asked by means of flags, "Have you any shipwrecked seamen?" Withojut delay a flag was sent up from the light- ' '' house, replying " No." Having bid farewell, the ahin eras turned ahont. And in A fair mii.ntea M — — — WKMUUUfl more, imder canvas and steam, bound south-west ward for Point Netherby and Carrie Harbour, ' . where it was calculated the wreck had taken plate. 1 The outline of the coast of the island could be traced! south, in winding curves and sadden pro jections, as well as slight elevations, as far as the eye oould reach. The general appearahte was, anything but reassuring, bat one, for the moat , part, of uncompromis ing desolation. The hills seemed bare, and nothing relieved the dismal ' prospect but a few patohes of trees, which could be seen at intervals towering above or peering ' through the broken ranges. In order that the reader may understand the narrative, the foUow- ing survey of the western coast, along whioh we -are' now sailing, should be observed Cape Wickhnm, where stands the lighthouse, is. the extreme northern point of the island, and is about fifty- three miles from Cape Otway. PbiqV Stokes jis one of the southern extremities of ! ' island,1 which is about thirty-five miles long and_ ; fifteen miles broad, running north and . teuth, Seven miles south of OapeWiekham, pr Bdiusd Hill, ;are situate the two New Year Islands, ordy a narrow passage of a few hundred yards, inter: sported with rooks, running between eacfi of . . the three islands. The New Year IslenP; . are very email, not many acres in exfote. A short distance south of these islands is a place ' called Yellow Bock; ten miles further down Point Netherby ; close to this Currie Harbour ; seven or eight miles further a email streamlet called theEttriok Biver; then Eitztnaurice Bay, and finally Point Stokes. At about half- past 10 , j o'olock this morning we stood off Currie Harbour, \ where the smoke of two fires Was observed. This was taken to signalise the presencaof toe/ hunters. The steamer approached to witoiu two miles of the coast; where the soundings were very irregular, ranging from twelve to nine fathoms;; with a rocky bottom. Whilst standing here eAd ( ' preparing to launch the boats, a strong north- 1 eastern breeze was blowing, and the sea was rather rough, but not dangerous. At this time a go-ocl ' view of the coast for ten or twelve miles was ' obtained. The prospect was one rartly equalled among any of the other islands of uie South. Beefs were seen in every direction alohg the ' coast, their position being indica ed tfy the Ibavj ' rolling iof broken water and the vast columns M ' shattered spray whioh were hurled about and sent ' foaming to the adjacentshoro. Tl iiwas the general c appearance everywhere, hut what was observed , , ' with the eyes was utterly eolipsed by the tensa- ' tions felt by the ear. As the seas broke over the roefe in long and rapid succession, ihey roared . v. and thundered in the distance like thecannonsdc of s battlefield, whilst the echoes of the artillery L " of the ocean rebounded from the sounding causing hideous and appalling sounds. With p these sights and sounds around, the boat "'' ' lowered and manned, and entered by hteebo f-'? had business on shore. Mounting thebiHtete safely and sucoessfally we reached Carrie JBfer boar. Its entrance was guarded byreefe on ritheir -1- y aide, projecting from the overhanging cliffs, which seemed to " scowl defiance o'er the deep." The heads were nearly a quarter ef a mile a pint, Imt a safe entrance was afforded by apfy fifty or sixty yards ef the opening. Heavy aweUs were rushing iu, oanrying mountains of surf, betraying toe a \- . , ' ' ... existence of invisible rooks belo?v the surface. At lu|j, however, we got into smooth water, bat not amy from the rooks, which were scat tered about the little .inlet in every part. A sandy spot was found, and here the boat was von ashore,' and we landed. Half a dozen men ware on the beaoh waiting the arrival of the boat ; they turned out to be some of the hunters and fisher men of the island. They guided us along the beach and pointed out the wreok. It was now 12 o'clock- tfhe rest of the afternoon was spent in scrambling Mn«ng the rooks and observing the work of destruction and death. 8QBNE AT THE WBBOE. From Point Nefcherby to Fifczmaurice Bay, a distance of nearly fifteen miles, the beach was lined with fragments of the cargo and traces of the wreck, indicative ef the fearful amount of damage done, and rain wrought, and human suf fering undergone. At Ourrie Harbour the first signs of the disaster wero seen in the shape of hundreds of oasks, and the boat in which Joseph Cunningham and two others managed to escape. It was a fine-looking boat, bearing the name of Captain Taylor, but ( its sides were shattered in through coming in contact with the rooks, and the wonder is that they got to shore at all. Seven were in the boat, it appears, when rt was launched, and all but three were dashed to pieoes and overwhelmed in the surge. Proceeding southward traces of the wreck began to accumulate, showing in what looality the vessel had foundered. From here to a small sandy beaoh, about five miles down, there were huge masses of timber, oasks of ale, boxes of spirits, ale, and porter — some broken, some uninjured — bales of drapery, and paper and stationery, fraotured spars, olothing, furniture, and things of every description, piled one upon another, er strewn among the rooks in promiscuous confusion and havoc. She things among the rooks were for the most part hopelessly destroyed. Nothing living or inorganio when dashed against suoh barriers nnnlii aimm in atari f <3flafrrn<?tion. At 6V6rV Step they darted out their sharp and dagger-like arms, ready to pierce asunder or engulf in their yawning deolivities anything perishable that came in from the ocean, borne on the dreadful surf. Along the sandy beach there was an jmmenaa quantity of the same kind of articles uninjured ; some landed in the sand at high water mark j some buried in .the sand, ex posed by the receding tide. Opposite this point, standing out to sea, two miles off, is situate a group of reefs which generally breaks, called the Waterwitoh. Between the Water witch and the beaoh stand two other small reefs, ope a little to the north of the other, and a mile from the shore. It was this inner reef that the British Admiral ' struck. There cannot be much doubt abopt the question if we are to credit the statements of the . hunter Macpherson. He asserts that on the morning when he discovered the survivors, looking in that direction, he saw. one of her yards still above water, and that when he returned next day it had disappeared ; but he identified the spot, and still can recognise it. On a prominent headland, upon one side of this sandy beaoh, there stands a tattered canvas flag, attaohed to a spar, which was placed there by some of the saved men on the morning of the wreck. The same day, whilst engaged hunting with Mac pherson," Weight fancied be saw from the hill overlooking the coast something floating like a flag, bnt did not pay any attention to the matter at the time, little thinking of the dismal sight that afterwards met his gaze, and the tale of woe. he was to learn. BTTBIAIi OF THE BODIES. In the same vicinity we found the hut erected by the wretched men when they reached shore, and where they shivered in misery till Macpherson came to their rescue. Upon one of the pieoes ef timber which formed the struc ture was hanging the hand -muff of Miss Tilly Dale, a young lady, eighteen years of age. This poor little creature's amiable qualities in life have been praised by the survivors, and her beauty in death tonohed the hearts of the rude men of the t forest. She was the favourite of the vessel all the passage, the pet and admired of everyone on board. Daring the whole of the day, the but vivors told the hnnters, she danced and skipped about the deck singing charming ballads, cheering alike sailors and passengers ; the first Joy of the morning, the last sweet melody at night. Her body was found on the shore, partly mangled by dogs, a few days afterwards, and was buried by the survivors and hunters on the bluff overhanging the beaoh. As her fair form, with hair still flowing down her back — the last vestiges of fleeting beauty — was buried, naked, beneath the cold sod of that soene of desolation, all around the grave sighed and wept at her melancholy fate. M'Ewan out an inscription on a piece of wood, which was plaoed to her grave as a headboard. Between this point and Carrie Harbour three bodies were this afternoon discovered and buried by the crew1 of the Pharos, who arrived on shore for that' pur pose, under the first mate, Mr. James Livingstone. One— -that of a man dressed like a sailor — was found among the rooks which form the southern arm ef the inlet ; he had apparently been drowned whilst attempting to escape in the boat with Cunningham. It was fast going to pieces, and presented a sickening sight. The hunters and fishermen said they had buried twenty-two bodies along the beaoh, six or seven in a grave, digging with their hands, as they had no spades. Some bodies had been washed up several times by the tide; others torn up by the dogs, which they keep for hunting purposes. There are about 100 dogs o& the island, and the hunters said it was impossible to prevent them from interfering with the graves. They stated that they buried all the bodies which came to shore except the one just mentioned, which foey could not touch, and that of a woman, probably Mrs. Treahy, which we presently arrived at. It was near the hut referred to, stretched across a reef, with the head jammed and shattered between two rocks. The central portions were devoured. A more homble spectre than these two khman bodies could not have haunted Clarence when he saw— " A theuBand fearful wraoks ; A thousand men that fishes gnawed upon; Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl \- -In dead men's skulls, and in those holes Where eyes did once inhabit." The third body was that of a little girl ; it had been previously buried, and was washed up by the tide. Among the masseB of timber and fragment of the wreck which lined the sandy there were fearful smells, which confirmed the opinions of the hunters that many bodies were Cftweafad beneath. These, however, could not he reached except by enormous labour, which would have occupied many cUyg, so vast is the gflflnipnlfttinn of lumber witu which they were covered, and so heavy the rolling tide. Towards night the stragglers along the beach returned to Ourrie Harbour, Mr. Hammond had hh tout pitched there, in a little dale surrounded by hills through which ran a -email stream of fresh.' water. The hunters camp stoodin the same looality. The crew of the Pharos also, put , up a. tent for their accommodation overnight. A fine fire was lighted, there being abundance of fuel, and everybody made themselves as comfortable as circumstances would permit. Around - the camp fire the fate of the British Admiral was spoken of, and the hunters, who flooked to the spot from .all parts, told their parte of the sad tale. THE HOOT-BBS ACCOUNT OF THE WBBOK. Henry P. Macpherson, formerly of Launceston, said: On the night of the wreck I was in the bush between Ourrie Harbour and the Ettnok, hunting with my mate, Harry Weight. It was blowing heavily eTl night, and was dark and cloudy. Once I thought I heanl something in the direction of the sea like the shrieks of women. The sounds appeared to be very remote. " Do you hear that?" said I to my mate. " What? replied he. " I fancy I hear screams," I answered. Harry said, "Oh, its only the wind blowing through thg trees." As near as I can guess, this was some fi through the night towards the morning. When , day broke Weight and I had breakfast, and then started from the sand patch to a place about nine miles distant north failed the Mm Trap hunting station. Going along the coast, Weight saw a man (Con ningham), and cooeyed to him. In a few ynipntaa wfl came up to him. I said, 41 What is the matter P" The man replied, 44 There is a vessel ashore here, and I am one of the sailors." Wo spoke to him, and he added, "There were two others (M'Ewan and Jones) saved in the boat with me. There were seven in it, and only three saved." He said the other two had left him. I said to Weight, " Push forward and find these men ; I'll look after this one." I then gave hiin Borne spirits, and he seemed to survive. On trying to stand he staggered, and fell three or four times in succession. I tried to see if he could come to the hut. carrvine all our swae myself, and giving him two young pups mid a handkerchief to bring along, but he could not walk. I then got some water and made a drink of warm tea for him, and having rolled him in a rug, left him there to rest, telling him that I would call back for him. I started away to see if there were any more survivors, but found none. On the following morning I took Cunningham along the beaoh to my camp here. When we arrived he was greatly recruited. I said, " My boy, do you think you have any strength to walk along, the beach with me in search of the other men ?" He was afraid to be left there alone, and said, j I will if I can." I then went down the coast I to the sandy beaoh, and from a distant rock I saw four men huddled together. I ex claimed " Thanks be to God, there are some more suriraijorjs." I sent my doge ahead of me. As soon as they saw me and the dogs they shouted for joy, and shook one another by the hands, and stood fin a circle round the dogs. They had no fire, or food, or anything, and were all shivering with the cold and wet. They had been eating some sea biscuit, which they soaked in salt water, there being no fresh water about. I brought the four of them to my camp, Crrrie Harbour, viz : — M'JSwan, Davidson, Harold, and another big men whose1 name I don't know. Harold was badly injured in his foot, and could scarcely walk to the hut. A1! the rest, except him, could walk, and were quite strong. They did not know where they were, but fancied they were on Fang's Island, at least M'Ewan thought so. M'Ewan said they were making for Cape Otway when they got wrecked, and that they were expecting every minute to see the Otway lighthouse. They found : they had got close to land when it Was too late. The man at the. mast-head sang out " Breakers ahead" three times— so seme of them told me. The', mate saidsomething to him, dud the man thought they were making a fool of him, and would not answer any further. In a few minutes more land was sighted the ship was pjit about, and then she struok on a reef. This Was what they told me. I brought them to nay cmp from the sandy beaoh, leading them along one of our tracks through the scrub Harold was soj bad that he could hardly walk. To induoe him to make an effort to come on, I gammoned that I would _ leavehim behind. Of course I would not have done so on any account. When I brought them here .1 .treated themgewpU re my means would permit me, giving them ejl J had. Whatever was mine they were welc ome to it. .1 toldjWeight to send down tha chaps came down to see about flnnningham, Little did they know that I had found four more. When the Kangaroo came down I them on the beaoh, and showed them the survivors. J staved! in a cask' of beer that had floated from the wreck, and gave them some all round in a pannikjw. I introduced the wrecked: men to Captain Roberts, saying, „ " That is life fffan who is going tp take you from the ifjand. Hyqe, Roberts, Handy, arid Charley then went in search of the ! Frenchman and West Tmiiawj who had Btolled from the party whom I had discovered. I and the survivors went and buried- a number of corpses that had been washed upon the beach. Among them was .little Tilly Dale. Poor Tilly J She was the' pride of the crew— so they told me. The Bailors and all of us shed tears as we buried the lovely little thing, She was mn pf three daughters, coming out here with her mother. None of the Dales save her and her mother were recognised. Upon my soul, when we were burying her, the teprs came to my eyes, who had not wept for many a long year. She used to be always singing and dancing about the deck — the first in the morning, the last at night, to cheer the seamen. No wonder they cried. We buried Mrs. Dale in the same grave with Mary Treahy. I never saw such lovely women in my life. I pioked some of the bodies up end threw them across my shoulder, and carried them to the graveB we made en the beaoh. As he spoke Macpherson showed his shirt and ooat, all besmeared with blood. Whilst we were burying the bodies Charley and Bill went along the cpast to look for the two that were missing from M'Ewan's party. They had gone towards Point Stokes to see if there was a lighthouse at that part. I was so fagged out that I could not accompany them myself. They were away two days upon the look-out. We were engaged bury ing the dead whilst they were away. The lost teen had gone inland, and wandered about the bush for miles. They were traced through the crab from whioh they at last emerged, and were found on the beaoh on the third day by Hyne and Roberts, who brought them here. The day before I found the four men I was down there, and on looking out towards the inner reef, about a mile from the shore, I saw distinctly one of the yards of the vessel. I saw it no more afterwards ; it went down. When I found them M'Ewan said "Give me something aa a memorial of this wroek and my eaeepe," I arid, «I hare got nothing." He asked, 41 What is that tied to tb? bit of string?" "A little compass," said I, « whioh I use to take me through tkebush of the island." 44 Give that to me," raid M'Ewan, 44 rid Fll rive you mine." So we exchanged. Hie bad the initials 41 C.W.M." The poor Frenchman was overioyed at his escape. Said he, "Yen I vas trown into da irater I turned over and over upon de hen- coop— over and over so many times, i said,-" Did you stiok to it?" 41 Obi J88 replied " I must stick." ' , Henry Weight, a hunter, living at the nor lib of thp island, stated : On the Saturday afternoon . following the wreck I and my mate, Henry Mac pherson, were proceeding from a point inland, near ' the wreck, to a place ten miles -north of Carrie Bay, called the Man-Hap. Wheh some distance above the Waterwitoh, we pioked up a man ' straggling along the beach, who said his p»ma was Cunningham, and he informed us that he had been shipwrecked. He said that he had been lying down for the last halt hour having a sleep, and that his »two mates, O'Grady and Jones, had gene farther on, north. I saw him eating something, and asked him what it was. He said 44 oheese, " and showed it to me, and I found that it was a piece of rank sea kelp. Before proceeding any further, my mate, Macpherson, instantly pro vided him with sufficient provisions, and laid him in a warm rug. I then started off along the beach to ran down O'Grady and Jones, whose footprints I discovered and traced. One of the walkers was barefooted on one leg and had a boot on the other. But before separating I left my mate in charge of Cun ningham, to do everything he could to relieve him, as he looked very exhausted, and we made arrangements to meet at Currie Harbour on the Saturday night. I went north ; he went south, and discovered a batch of survivors who had landed overnight at the sandy beach. I did not meet with the men I was searching for that day. On Snnday I went home, and on arriving there I ALA — XT ... Mn Dears lhul tue aetea juiDgaroo was av xiew a. ear e Island, loading a oargo of fish for Melbourne. I sailed across in a little floating boat, and found her in charge of CharleB Wishart, William Hyne, and Andy Young, John Roberts being captain. I asked them to render what assistance they could to ship the survivors to Melbourne, and discover the lost men, Jones and O'Grady, who had been three dayB without provisions, and might be loBt and Btarved in the bush. They said they would do what they oould, and abandoning £60 worth of fish, they came down to the Yellow Rock. Some of them picked up O'Grady on the beach, I following close behind. The man was a pictnre of misery ; he had no trousers and was nearly tired out. The men of the Kangaroo comfortably clothed him and gave him a little rum to revive him as he was so exhausted. They afterwards landed him on the beaoh to be taken to my house, where he remained, and everything possible was done by my wife to make him com fortable. On Tuesday I proceeded to Netherby, when I found that Macpherson and the men of the Kangaroo had fallen across the rest of thesur vivo; s, the Kangaroo having arrived there that morning. William Hyne, formerly of Sandridge, and at the time of the wreck interested in the Kangaroo, stated: When we came down here to Carrie Harbour on the Tuesday morning, we found that Macpherson had found four men at the sandy beach, and that two of the same party, Wagardo and a West Indian, were missing, as they had wandered south towards Fitzmaurice Ray in search of assistance. Three of us, Roberts, Wishart, and I, travelled down in that direction to look after them. We scoured the scrub in every part, and hunted along the coast from Tuesday till Thurs day. We traced them for some distance through the bush, and out again. On Friday morning we found them in the bush. First we heard Hie dogs barking, we were behind; then we saw the men. Wagardo, in broken English, cried 44 By God, we have got hold of somebody, and we will stick to them." At the same time he grasped me by the cost, and held me fast. After jurying some of the bodies,' we brought them lp this hut here in Currie Harbour, where there were some of the others. 1 Johp Roberts, oaptain of the Kangaroo, said : Iwas 6ne ef those who found the Frenchman and x xr it r.n HXAU TV pBlf AllUiaiie TV © |liUADU Up IQg pOQa IQUOWD on it rook about half a mile from theEttriok. They ejaid they Aid not know where they were, btft they thought they were in Victoria, some where about Cape Otway. They also stated that they wore wrecked on a reef some distance north from the place where we met them, and that the reef was bearing from Carrie Harbour to Fitz- maurioe Bay south. I told them that I one of, the owners of the Kangaroo, and that I would , see them safe, as well as the rest of the survivdrs. We brought them to Carrie Harbour the same night. There were then Cunningham, M'Ewan, Baker, Harold, Keys, Wagardo, and Davidson at the harbour. M'Ewan was at Wright's house, and JoneB at the lighthouse. As soon as the men were strong enough, and when we had enough provisions collected, we sent them away to Melbourne. Thomas Lippiatt, a hunter living on the north of the island, said : A few days after the wreck Mr. Hickmott came to my house from the light house, a distance of eight miles, end stated that Jenes had arrived at the station, and reported that he had been cast away, that he had travelled up the coast for twenty-five miles. He passed, and saw- Wright's house, but was afraid to go near it, thinking it belonged to some savages. He also reported that there were other men wrecked upon the island. Immediately afterwards Mr. Hick mott and I started off on horseback down the coast looking for the men. We travelled about twenty miles, but did not find any of them. William Hickmott, another hnnter : The first I heard of the wreok was from Edward Nash Spong, the superintendent of the lighthouse. He told me a man named Jones had arrived at the station and said there were other men cast away upon the island. My wife got on a horse and went to Mr. Lippiatt's eight miles off, and told him, and they went off in search. In the meantime O'Grady was discovered and taken to Carrie Harbour. When I came there M'Ewan de spatched me to the lighthouse with a letter applying for provisions, which were supplied. Currie Harbour, Friday Evening. The morning was spent in continuing the search along the beach. Captain Anderson on shore and took oharge of the men who were told off to bury the dead. Five more bodies were discovered, two being those of women,&nd; throe of men. One was dressed like the first mate is said to have been, and it ip supposed, therefore,' that it was George's, body. Upon the bocly « another man Captain , Anderson discovered a small hag lashed about tee hack wriwbtifoirk <md TMt, tb.M twin th ml When opened the satchel was found to contain six sovereigns, five English ones and one colonial; also two drafts; one dated 29th Decern- b«, 1873. on the Wro Mr. William Dj« tan. ff26' ""£ bomUam. EotartoandOo.i motto ifrtedSOth , Deoemto, 1873, town by the Eart Cornwall Bank on tha Engliah, Soottuh. and Aa.ti»li»n OtoteredBank, for 170, in faronrofthe »n»e namb. Xhs body waa, therefore, that of D. Peawo, one of the rteetag. paawngtw. Cap; tain Anderton wont down the beaoh for a distance of eight miles from Carrie Harbour, as terras there) were any traoes of the wreck in that direction. Ne moreFddiekwere-fliot with. It was remarked that thegreatmasBof the wreck was distributed more to themorth- ef the sandy beach than south. This is accounted for by "a' remarkable oscillation of the tide in that part iof the island. It runs nine hoars north-, wards, and only three hours south. It was this bo doubt which bore the boat containing M'Ewan, Cunningham, and Jones to Carrie Harbour — a distance of about three miles from Hie Water- witch Reef, and this that saved them. Had they not kept oat to seaward whilst drifting slang the coast, they would have been lost among the rocks before reaching the safe entrance of the harbour. It has been estimated that there is about £600 worth of goods on Hie beach ; but this will have to be saved without delay, otherwise it would soon be destroyed or buried in the sand, er bgin washed out to sea by the tide. A large quantity has been already buried in the sand. There are no indications that the vessel has broken up ; on the contrary, the probabilities are that she quietly settled into deep water without disturbing any of the heavy cargo in her hold. With the exception of one or two boxes, none of the passengers' luggage has been found. The captain is said to have had about £1,40© cash in his possession at the time she went down, some belonging to the ship, some given to him by t/i anvA. Tho difficulties to be mevugviB wv contended against in raising the contents of the wreck may not be bo great as were first anticipated. The reef is only about a mile from the shore, and she is sunk on the land side. Although so near a reef it will not always be impossible to approach it. In calm weather the sea runs smooth, and the reef does not break. At such times, although the oppor tunities may be few, divers oould . go down, the sounding about the rock being only five fathoms. There are about twenty persons living on King's Island, ana perhaps not half of these would have been there but for the lighthouse station at Cape Wiokham, whioh is a guarantee of regular communication withYictoria and Tasmania. It is stated that plenty of game abounds on the northern and eastern parte, and good fishing at New Year Islands. It is covered with a thick and BT" all scrub, through which it would be im possible for a person to proceed without cutting his way. Kangaroos, wallabies, quail, and ducks are plentiful in some seasons of the year, and many of the hunters on the north end make a respeotable living by the sale €i skins in i Melbourne and Launceston. It is impossible to exaggerate the dangers of the reefs, or over estimate the number of reefs which exist on the western coast. In speculating 'upon the loss of the British Admiral, there is one strange ooinci- dence vfhich it is impossible to account for, vis., the foot that the Cape Wickham tight was not seen bn the night ot the wreck. L&Bt; night, , Captain Anderson stood out to sea about sixteen mites from land due west from; Currie Harbour, and he saw tha lighthouse plain enough. Ib Bailing south-east, er even due cast, how- was not the light seen by the British Admiral, when six teen miles at sea, or at the farthest' twenty miles, plaoed him within the tine of observation ? The tight is near 660 feet above the level of thie sea, and can be seen twenty- four miles I away. It is quite: possible that the light may have been seen and mistaken for te revolving one at the Otway through being out off several times "by the New ' Year Islands. If anothto lighthouse is to bevereoted, Pomt Stokes, in the opinmn of some experienced mariners, would be the mqst eligible place. .,:R The Pharos cleareg oat on Friday night ; leaving Mr. Hammond and his colleagues on the shore in change of the wreok, and she arrived in meiDonrne at 11 ociocx on oaturaay nig at. Thej wreck mad (forgo of the British Admiral, as she now -ties off King's Island, was' offered to pttblic competition o« Tuesday by Captain Coffey. The attendance was so large that it was found necessary to resort to the Market square, in the rear of Captain Coffey's premises, western Mar ket, where, shortly after noon, the auctioneer, mounting a; barrel extemporised into u platform, annoupced, rim conditions of sale. It was also publicly notified that a protest had . been entered on behalf of Mrs. W.C. Hill, of Murphy street, South jYarifo/ With respect to a package addressed to hezL upon which she was -wtihug to pay the" salvage. The agents of the ketch Kangaroo alio 1 claimed salvage on all the goods aaved ; by her, and Btorea on King's Island. The auctioneer also submitted to the competitors the propriety of. reserving all passengers' higgage, and he put it as a condition, precedent that such luggage, and < effects should be .banded over to the-pgenfoof fcb$ ship, to whfch request there a unanijap assent. The terms of the sale were cash/ancT an inventory -of the cargo > of the skip, "Which hard been printed, was circulated. The firftt bid-inade was £$00, and the figure. was rapidly ineroaaedto £1,000, then £1,500, £,800, £2,500, ,£260<V and £2,750, at which sum it was knooked down. No buyer being forthcoming, the aubtioheer had to recommence the eale, Which War dbfiaind tfit biddings, after -a start of £500, tlowlyadvazuwd by £25 per bid until the sum of £2,H>O jres reached, when the lot wuknockeddewn jto sin Gardiner, said to be of the firm df Messia/W. and S. Gardiner, but who waur imderricod to be acting on behalf of a number of speculators. The ship's boat was afterwards submitted to uotioni as it Was not included , in the wrocb.b$tt : there not being a sufficient bid the lpt was The wreck of. the British Admiral hag itofetV the Shipowners Associatma to take steps for the purpose ' of having additions! lighthbuawaoea on King's Island. A meeting of the association was held on Wednesday, when it wee reeolved to wopfciate wiuh the .Underwriter' Association, and brfog the absolute necessity of this befog done, especially on the west coast, whioa,has been the roehe of so mkny shipwrecks. 