The Storyteller. LONG ODDS. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) BY MARCUS CLARKE. "CHARLIE RYLE, of Jermyn-street, and Charles Ryle, Esq., of Hampton-court, were two different persons in one respect at least. "Charlie Ryle" always took money; Charles Byle, Eaq., lent it, that in to the initiated. " It's no good going to Jennyn- street, Bob," said Dacre, oh they reached the street. " I sup pose those nags of yours will run us down to la this your cabby ? Jump in tay boy. Limmer's." Mr. Bob Calverly's nags were equal to the occasion, and it was not long before the two gentlemen were showu into Mr. Charles Ryle's " Htiidy " —a handsome, but slightly overf urnished room, with bookcase too evidently seldom opened, comfortable reading chairs, a most orthodox writing-table, and a bureau positively redolent of cheque books. Mr. Charles Ryle made his appearance almost tefore they had time to look round the room. "Ah ! Mr. Dacre," he said, "glad to see you, uncommonly. What good wind blows you here ? Too late for luncheon. But not too late for a bottle of that tipple you tried last time. Allow me to ring the bell." A pleasant-looking man enough, this ringer of the hospitable bell and suggester of the exhila rating "tipple ;" tall, stout, rubicund, and cheery-faced, and yet one at whose door lay the ruiu of more young fellows than the good angel of truth would like to count. He had a wife And children, too—though none of his " city " Friends had ever seen them—was kind in hi* domestic relations, and even went to church, and put money in the plate. The clergyman at Hampton-court spoke very well of Mr. Ryle, and had the most unlimited confidence in the respec tability of his " business in the city." Of the fifty or bo who did so, none lived in Hampton court, and had they done so, they would probably have soon found excellent reasons for holding their tongues. The bell was answered, " tipple " was brought, cignrs were produced and lighted. Mr. Kyle's cigars were more than respectable if his business was not. " Capital nags those of yours, Mr. Dacre," said the host, in the midst of a general conversation. Kupert Dacre was a great deal too 'cute to come to the point at once. " I wish they were mine, Ryle. Haven't you seen Mr. Calverly driving them about town ?" Charles Ryle, Esquire, had most certainly seen Mr. Calverly driving them about town. Charlie Ryle had Been Mr. Calverly in his own rooms in Jeruiyn-Btreet. He had heard, too, of Mr. Calverly at Lhmuer'a, and knew quite as much of the young Australian's position as Rupert was likely to tell him. He had got up his " business in the city," and his house at Hampton-court, through that very useful habit of knowing all he coiild about everybody. <; Ah, Mr. Calverly's, are they ?" he said, with a smile. " Deuced good steppers, I should say. But I suppose you're too well used to good cattle, Mr. Calverly, to think them anything very wonderful ?" " Oh, they are good enough," said Bob, who teas more anxious to see the ascension of his kite than to hear the praises of his horses.. "Good enough to take us back to town in time for dinner, old fellow," said Dacre ; " for I intend to dine with you, and, therefore, Ryle, the sooner we finish our busiuesß with you the better." "Ah ! business," said the man of respecta bility ; " what a head you have for business, Mr. Ducre. I thought you had come to have a quiet look (tt the place, und might stop to dinner." " C'uu't, indeed, or should be most happy," answered Rupert, with some truth, for Ryle's cook was known to be a good one, and his cellar unimpeachable ; but it wtM not his game that Bob should see too much of the money-lender. It might weaken his own influence. '; Well, I know you of old, Mr. Dacre," said Ryle ; if yon won't you won't. What can Ido for you ?" "Nothing," said Dacre, "for me. For Mr. Calverly yoi can write a cheque for fifteen hundred pounds. I will back his bill." " You will back his bill ?" said Ryle, fixing his eyes for a moment full on Dacre'a face, and then ft» suddenly tiling them on Bob's ; " well, that's very friendly of you, Mr. Dacre, And I am sure I nm very glrul to be able to oblige a friend of yours. You won't grumble at the terms, I Bup pose? Business is business, you know, Mr. Calverly." Mr. Kyle's house might not be quite bo well established a* that of Messrs. Fleece, Pack, & Co., I >ut his way of doing btisiness was, to Bob's notion*, decidedly more agreeable. Ci Well, your terms, Ryle ; Mr. Calverly and I are rather new in thin way. What are your teruis .'" Mr. Ryle'* appreciation of Mr. Dacre'a newness R'(i.< *» intense that he absolutely laughed over it, ii- lie said, quite as good- htunoredly as Mr. Fleece, but with far less apparent 'cuteness, " Oh, twenty per cent, including commission ; that won't break you, Mr. Calverly, eh ?" Bob thought himself lucky in the extreme, ii nd warmly denied all chance of any rupture Consequent on such v scale of charges. " Ju«t >o ! just so!" went on Mr. Ryle. humming nu air from " II Barbiere," as he opened a drawer and rapidly wrote a cheque ; " there you are Mr. Calverly. Kindly fill up this bill; draw cm Mr. Dacre, he will accept, etcetera, etcetera ; ami that in over. Three mouths—twenty per cent.—Robert Calverly—Rupert Dacre. Right, »ir: right aa a bonk. And now, gentlemen, another glass." Bob rose to fill his, and so doing, did not notice a rapid movement by which Dacre, who liad l«en apparently scribbling carelessly on a piece of paper, tossed it over to Ryle. Whether l>y accident or intention, the paper had a stamp on it. Many gentlemen do scribble carelessly even on st.uuped paper, even diplomatic sen tence*. The one more glass was finished, fresh cigars wvie lighted, and the gentlemen strolled iuto the Im.ivli. '• One moment, Mr. Dacre," said Ryle, as Bob W;i< buttoning up his great coat; " there is a little mutter about a passport for a friend of mine. Perhaps you will give me a little advice about it." '•Kxcuse lue Bob," said Dacre, and he and R \ le re-entered the library. Ityles manner was completely changed now ; so changed that, had Bob seen it; he might have j.ivferred Mr. Fleece's. His eye was very cold and keeu, and there was no smile on his lip. " Safe, 1 suppose, Mr. Dacre ?" he said, looking the secretary steadily in the face. <; You know that as well as I do, Ryle," said Rupert, returning the look, or your cheque wouldu't be in his pocket." J "Perhaps not, Mr. Dacre," wai the quiet answer, " lit his tether a long one ?" " Long enough ; but I daresay you'll see him again. He is as fond of hones as you are ; and if I were to give him a hint of that dark one you've been keeping so sung, he would be drop* ping down here pretty often. He told me the other day that he should like to put in a good thing for the Chester. Poor beggar ! he'll learn ' better some day, I suppose." "Under your hands he certainly will, Mr. Dacre ; but look here, that hone is for sale with all hi* engagements. Perhaps Mr. Calveriy might buy him ; it would suit my book to a T if he did." " Shouldn't wonder," replied Dacre, carelessly. "I'll Bpeak to him about it. It's as good a thing as he could do ; for, to do you justice, Ryle, you are about as gentle a Philistine as he could hit upon." "So I am," said Ryle, dryly, leading the way into the hall. "Good-bye, Mr. Dacre, and"— just as they reached the door, —" Oh! by-the bye, that little renewal of youn is all right; and after adding it on to your note of to-day, I had better hand you this. Good-bye, Mr. Dacre. Good-bye, Mr. Calverly—a pleasant drive." Had any one directly offered Mr. Rupert Dacre a commission for bringing a customer to a money-lender and horse-dealer, a blush might have risen to the unaccustomed cheek of the imperturbable diplomatist; for all that, " this " was a cheque for three hundred pounds. "Well," said Calverly, "that little matter is over—thanks to your kindness. As soon as I have squared up for last night, I am off to Loam shire." I Chapter XVII. I SHOWS THE CLOVES FOOT. " Shall you be home to dinner this evening, Cyril r Mr. Cyril Chatteris, formerly 'of Dry-street, and now of Acacia-road, St. John's Wood, had dined out four nights running, and Carry was getting a little angry about it Surely he might be a little more with her, considering what a lonely life she led. But, as her mother had j often told her, men had no consideration, and Cyril appeared to possess that manly qualification to a greater extent than his pretty wife fancied. "Will you be home to dinner this evening, Cyril ?" she repeated. j Repeated it to a man who was lounging care lessly back in an arm-chair, reading a periodical with an intensity that, to a wife not married a month, was provoking. He looked up to answer, however, in a manner quite as unsatisfactory as the scene it conveyed. " Can't say, really ; but don't wait for me !" Poor Carry had got used to this answer now, and so made no reply, but went away into her little drawing-room, and began, with an uncom fortable sensation about her throat, to try what consolation might be got out of a pet canary. But though a canary is pretty enough, and perhaps interesting enough in the abstract, there is not much that is consoling in the feeding of it to a woman who begins to doubt whether she has chosen wisely. The white fingers were duly pecked at as the sugar was administered ; the canary did his best in the way of a song, but still the canary wasn't her husband, and Carry felt very lonely indeed. Perhaps, if she were t6 play, Cyril might 'come in and talk to her as he used to do. So she sat down to the piano—her mother had been so proud of her playing, and so had Cyril professed to be in the days of their short courtship—and, with rather unsteady fingers, began a waltz, played it for a few minutes with no result, changed it to a gallop, then tried a waltz again, aud at last commenced a song, in the middle of which, Cyril put his head in at the door, and, carelessly saying "good-bye," went back into the passage, through the garden, and out into the road. Carry shut the piano, watched her husband as he walked slowly up the road, tried to play with the canary again, aud ended by throwing herself into an arm-chair, and crying bitterly. Poor child ! Only one month married, and crying bitterly. Naturally affectionate, her separation from her mother had intensified her feelings for her husband, and she loved him very dearly indeed. But love can be tried too far sometimes ; and to be neglected one month after marriage may fairly be called a trial. And neglected, and to some extent disillusioned Carry had certainly been. Just 03 no man is a hero to his valet de chambre, as a good many men ore by no means heroes to their wives. Cyril Chatteris was eminently one of these. The first illusion once gone, he was not a man likely to | establish another. Gentlemanly by training, and refined by instinct, bis utter selfishness still stood in the way of that perfect good breeding founded on a consideration for the feelings of others. He did not beat Carry, uor was he even harsh to her. But he was very often 'indifferent, occasionally almost rudely so, and he decidedly neglected her. No woman likes to be left alone from eleven in the morning of one day till four or five in the morning of the next; and with Carry this had become a common occurrence. For the first fortnight or so after their settlement in St. John's Wood, Cyril had been all that the girl could desire. He had bought her nice dresses, charming jewellery, a " dear little cottage piano ;" and their tiny house was as prettily furnished a dovecote as two birds would care to coo in. Carry would play and sing in the evening, or Cyril would read to her. In the day they would go for long walks or drives into the country, and all went merrily. But this soon changed, and the most cruel part of it was that the poor girl, with the quick tact of her sex, saw the reason for it—her husbaud had married l*ueftth him. He felt it, and she could not deny it. In all that was good, aud pure, and kindly, the humbly-born woman was as superior to the cold, selfish man who had marred her life by marrying her, even more than he had marred his own—as light is to darkness But, intellectually, and iv thoae indescribable little belongings that breeding alone can teach, the inferiority was on the other side ; aud the p»or loving heart felt suid groaned under the burden that hod grown out of a fancied paradise of love. Wheu Cyril, in one of his confiding moods, would talk of tluit world of mind and intellect, to her an unknown land, the poor little listener, trying hard—oh, so hard !—to appreciate what she knew to be utterly lieyond her, saw, too clearly, that her husband gradually grew less and less animated, and at la*t with a smile of half contemptuous pity, called her "a dear little goose," and took up a bo<ik. And so there came, neglect on one side, pouting and a slight tendency to scold on the other; more neglect—more scolding — reconciliation, followed by more neglect; and then, not scold* ing, but a sorrowful sense of injured affection, deepening into a feeling that Cyril, with all his intellectual superiority, could neither understand nor appreciate. His wife still loved him very dearly, but his neglect had brought about a habit of reflection, and the wife was beginning to see that, after all, fairy Princes might turn into tyrants, and that her own position wm not quite so enchanting as she had imagined. To Bee, too ( that it was rather an anomalous position. In the first days of their marriage, Carry had im agined that Cyril would, when the honeymoon wan over, bring some of his friends to see her. Not that she cared about seeing auy but him ; but the girl had her full share of womanly vanity, and it was only natural that die should like her husband's friends to see how fortunate he had been in his choice. But the honeymoon passed over, and no one came near them. Of his family she had only spoken once to him ; and before the dark look that came into hu face as she did so, she had sunk into a silence on that subject not since broken. She had no female friends either. Cyril had almost savagely fur bidden any correspondence with her mother, and he had expressly told her not to make any ac quaintances in the neighborhood. At first she had thought this hard ; but there was something about her near neighbors that soon made her shrink involuntarily from any attempt to know them. There were other things, too, that puzzled her j about CyriL He often came home, not tipsy exactly, but under the influence of wine ; and then he was neither agreeable nor good- tempered. Once or twice, too, he did not come home for two days, and then Carry passed her time in alternate attacks of trembling fear, jealousy, anger, and bitter tears. And still no friends came to see them ; she dared not, for fear of offending the husband she still loved, write to her mother, and female adviser she had none. The pretty fairy bower that had looked so charming in the distance was, in short, a bower of her own fancy. The fairy Prince who had ridden off with her was too like the false knight who only loved so long as it pleased him, and then, selecting a fresh favorite, galloped care lessly away. Like many others, Carry Manton, or, as she was called in the neighborhood, Mrs. Carter—that being the name in which Cyril had taken the house—had made a sad, sad mistake, and was finding it out only too soon. Of Cyril Chatteris—Mr. Caiter, of St. John's Wood—it can only be said that he was, certainly as he deserved to be, very uneasy in his mind. He had reconciled his wife to the change of name and retirement, by strongly drawn repre sentations of the fearful consequences of his father's anger, and the frightened girl, unsup ported by her mother, had readily yielded to his wishes. But for all that he lived in a covert dread of a discovery. Some of his friends might »cc Carry, and the affair might leak out. So he en gaged bachelor lodgings in the Albany, and oc casionally slept there, taking every care only to go out to St. John's Wood in the most unpretend ing manner, and, whenever he could, after dusk. He went out, however, with Carry, as little as he could, and soon became so exacting and dis agreeable in this respect that the girl scarcely ever stirred abroad ; and tnen she drooped, and the fresh cheek began to look slightly pale and wan, and Cyril became more nervous than ever. Was this fear of discovery never to end ? Should he take her abroad, or what should he do ? Day by day the worry, the strain on his mind, grew more and more heavy ; and at last, finding that his balance at the banker's would bear the expense, he determined to take Carry abroad. This determination made, he came home one evening in a decidedly better humor, and told Carry—in words and tones so like those she had once listened t», that they made her cheek glow, and her heart flutter—that he was going to take her on the continent. Poor Carry, worn out with loneliness and pining, waa delighted with the chance of a change ; and as, leaning on Cyril's arm, she walked round and round the garden, the fairy Prince seemed to have come back to the bower he had so long deserted. " How you shiver, darling !" *aid Cyril, as they stood by the garden gate. " Let me get you a shawL" He had not spoken or acted so considerately for days now; and as 3he stood by the gate waiting for him, Carry felt that all her old happi ness was returning. The sound of horses' feet was heard on the road. She looked up mechanically. Two gentlemen rode slowly by. One she recognised as the gentleman who had once trod on her dress and followed her. He fixed his eves on her with the old meaning look ; and, as before, she colored and turned away. It might have been thought that Mrs. Manton would have wept and bewailed herself at her daughter's departure ; on the contrary, she was somewhat elated after the first few days. Women, especially women in the nineteenth century, are apt to regard the present as all in all; and the worldly widow comforted herself with the reflection that her dear Carry—that delicate little bait with which she had angled so success fully—was safely married to a young man who, though "no fool," was easily to be moulded to the will of the conquering wife. She was not a poetical old lady, this Dym" street lodging-house keeper; so, though fond and proud of her daughter, she did not neglect her household duties, in order to weep with picturesque grief in the back parlor, but set her face resolutely to the task of finding out the I history and prospects of her son-iu-law. This I was not so easy a matter. Cyril's friends were not her friends, nor his people her people ; she could not extract information in the course of a morning call, but, failing access to that modern estrappado, she had another method—an evening tea. Mrs. Manton projected a tea party. She would ask Binns and Bland. She doubted if j Bland woidd come, but Binns she could count on. The poor youth had been undergoing tor tures which seemed to him terrible. Despite Bland 18 consolations, which did not in the least console, he could not tear the image of his love from his plebeian heart. In vain he wrote, read, and wrapt up sugar. Iv vain did he think of Chatterton (who perished in his prime), of Shelley, of Byron. In vain did he attend work ing men's meetings, and speak there with such rude eloquence as nature and the '• Enfield Speaker " permitted him. In vain was he made secretary to a branch of a Working Man's Association, (object, " the Bloated Aristocrat,") In vain did he assume cynicism and write poetry. Carry's ghost haunted him; her dark eves dazzled his waking sight, her blight form flitted through his nightly visions, her white hand* plucked back hw soaring soul, and would not let it soar. So Binns grovelled. He confessed that he grovelled. C<nife*sed it with much heart sickness and gnashing of teeth. The sun of hLs passiou melted the wax of his Icarian wings, and he tumbled to prosaic earth. If you cau imagine the feelings of a poet who cannot write poetry, you can realise Binas' condition. He agonUed to write, but his agonies were in vain ; he tossed and tumbled ou his narrow bed, and vowed that he would make the world recognise the name of Binns—alas ! the world went on its worldly way, and Binns wrapped up his sugar in silence. When he received Mrs. 3lanton's invitation, you may be sure that he was delighted. He should hear about bis Lore again; he bhould be able to scowl and affect indifference, and to nourish his Passion. Binns revelled in capital letters, and never thought save in heroics. He would go to the party and be miserable to his heart's content he inwardly vowed. Perhaps, by some wild chance, the Beloved might be there, and then—o, blisa—he could look the other way all the evening. Self-torment is a luxury to lovers. I have known young men dress themselves with'feverish delight to go to a ball, in order that they might persistently dance with other damsels than the adored ; indeed, one young friend of mine who, waving three guineas a week and spending ten, goes through life under the happy delusion that he is earning bis bread by literature, has walked five miles in the rain in order that he might pass through the room where his love was placed for sale, and pretend not to see her. Binns was an adept at self-torment, and promised himself much pleasure at the contemplation of his woe. When he arrived, however, he was somewhat unpleasantly astonished at seeing a "swell" ' lounging on one of Mrs. Manton's uncomfortable ottomans. He turned to Bland, who was pre paring—good genial soul—to beam gratitude on his hostess, and was not reassured by the ! puzzled expression which suddenly over-spread that gentleman's face. " It' 3 Dacre ! What can he want here ?" "I know him," whispered Binns eagerly, as he pulled off his coat in the passage; " he's a friend of kit, Mr. Bland, and he came down to the shop one day to ask after him." " Mr. Rupert Dacre was in great force, evidently. He was faultlessly dressed in the quietest of purple and fine linen. His social stop was on, and he was discoursing eloquent music "He had just dropped in by the request of his friend Chatteris, to enquire about a port manteau. Xo portmanteau here ? Oh! ha, ha! Mistake of his poor friend—young married men, you know, rf© forget these things. Well, never mind," (taking out watch). "He had plenty of time; was engaged, to look in at the French Ambassador's in the course of the evening, and— what? . " Stop to tea ! My dear madam ! Delighted —but urgent business; unhappy private secretaries to ministers, you know—Well, really now, if you persist, my dear madam." Mrs. Manton was radiant. The very man for her purpose. She was thirsting for news of her son-in-law, and here was a messenger dropped immediately at her feet Moreover, the vista of good society was opening before her. This bearded gentleman was evidently some one. His conversation showed it; and she trembled with ecstacy as she heard him accept her invitation to " tea with us." I think, however, that the fact of the matter was, that the astute Rupert had started from home that evening with the express purpose of stopping to tea, and that the other wise wily widow had fallen into his snare. Binns scowled at him ; but even Binns, the radical and poet, was not proof against the con summate ease and genial smiles of the " bloated aristocrat." "Smiles and small talk are our stock-in-trade, and we have the cads on the hip there, my boy," would Dacre say. " They may tkiul m much as they like, but they can't tall, you kaoV" As to Bland, Dacre overwhelmed him in a* moment "My dear Mr. Bland, we have met before in public but never in private— permit me to shake hands with you. I assure you that your name has been known to me longer than you imagine. Ah! Mrs. Manton dabblers in literature like myself are forced to acknowledge—but I won't flatter, my dear sir." Bland stammered something. He never liked the too genial friend of his chief, and detected the false ring in his complimentary metal, but what could he Bay ? " Mr. Dacre, Mr. Binns — Mr. Binns, Mr # Dacre," exclaimed the widow, in that double jointed fashion of introduction which prevails among ladies of her stamp and education. " Mr. Binns ! Dear me, how strange. lam meeting all the lions to- night. Pray, my dear madam, is this the Mr. Binns whose speech concerning ' Manhood Suffrage ' created such a sensation." Binns was astonished. v Oh, we know everything, my dear sir.," says Dacre, airily. " I had particulars of the speech the next morning. You are dangerous fellows, you young democrats — dangerous fellows. Wheales was speaking of you the other day." Binns flushed with joy. To be called a "dangerous fellow" by such an accomplished dandy as the man before him was pleasant to the senses, but to be told that the great Wheales, the inspired Wheales, the reformed and reform ing Wheales, had spoken of him, was bliss almost too great to bear, and for an instant the name of Binns seemed to be inscribed on the blaring scroll of fame, concerning which Bland had dis coursed so eloquently. The shabby reporter had retired to a corner of the room, and, after rumpling his hair wildly with his knuckry hands, had subsided into a dis cussion upon crochet and Balfe's music, with Miss Perkin, a red-nosed young lady, who was considered "very genteel" in private circles. Two more young ladies, one frigid and severely aristocratic, named Jittlebury; and the other, plump and rosy, with dove-like eyes and stubby fingers, whose papa taught music in the classic regious of the Edgeware-road, sat together and admired Mr. Dacre, the chubby one tittering at intervals. The tea proceeded merrily. Bland began to thaw, and talked really well. Dacre flirted outrageously with all the females; and j Binns, having had his life made a burden to him by reason of buttered toast, and the necessity for "handing" the same, had almost forgotten his I wrongs in listening to his enemy the " swell." As Dacre had said, "small talk was bis stock in-trade." He rattled away upon all imaginable subjects, and never once winced when Mrs. Manton sucked the butter from her fingers, or Miss Jittlebury choked in attempting to drink her tea in what she considered to be an aristo cratic manner. His stories of the manners and customs of the aristocracy were delightful, and the exquisite manner in which he described Lord Chalkstone's flirtation with Lady Emily Sanssou, at once convinced the party that he was what Miss Jittlebury termed turn famhfcl with the British aristocracy. By-and- by, a nong was suggested, and Dacre gravely led the fair Jittle bury to the cracked piano, and bent his graceful | figure over her chair, while that virgin warbled i the songs of the secretary's boyhood, under the [ happy delusion that she was amusing him. He | bore it all with the most perfect fortitude, and I it was not until Mias J., assisted by Binns, in formed the company that she was "going far i away, far away from Porjinette," that Dacre ' crossed the room and sat down on the rickety ' sofa, which supported the noble form of the [ widow Manton. "And when did you hear last foom your daughter, Mrs. Manton ?" said he. The widow was taken aback. She did not like to say that she had never heard from her daughter since that daughter had been spirited away from her protecting arms by the infuriate son-in-law ; she could not openly tell him that the very purpose for which she had asked him to stay was to discover where that daughter was living. She'did not like to appear at a low for an answer, so she lied. " Last Wednesday," says she. Dacre, ignorant of all things, was put off hit guard by this sudden reply. <* Oh ! indeed! Ah ! I suppose she comes to see you frequently. St John's Wood is within easy walking distance." Not a muscle of the wary widow's face relaxed as she heard the intelligence she longed for. "Yes," she replied ; "but Mr. Chatteris v so much occupied with his literary labors that he seldom goes hout, and he don't like his wife to travel about alone, which is nateraL more especial as she is a young thing, which netfer knew what it ia to want a mother's protecting harm, though i of course a husband's is very similar, if not more so." 'Exactly," replied Rupert. "Mr. Chatteris w very hard-worked." | "He is, indeed ; what with his papers and his money matter*, he haint a moment to hisselfi and that's the reason why I see so little of him. Ah ! Well—none but a mother knows a mother's feelin's," added she, with a heavy sigh. Dacre said, "He supposed not," and fell to thinking. "Chatteris' literary labors." Then he was writing again. Moreover, the "little thing" mv "Mrs. Chatteris" evidently, or, at all events, her mother thought she wac Strange sort of scrape Master Cyril has got into. He smiled sweetly as he thought what a great dis covery he had made; and, on the song ceasing, thanked the Jittlebury with such tiaprttttment, that Hope began to flutter in that gentle maiden's breast, and to tell hie flattering tale with whispered hints of St George's and "Good society." But the widow had not done with her guest yet m "Shall we 'are a game er whist? I know you play, Mr. Dacre. Joolier, my lore" (to the chubby one), " git out the cards ! Mr. Bland, come and play a rubber." Dacre for the moment was overcome. The widow was irresistible, and before he could frame a decent excuse for departure, he found himself seated at a very shaky table with the widow as a partner, and " Joolier " cutting with that lady for the privilege of dealing. The Mantonian idea of whist was somewhat opposed to that entertained by Mrs. Sarah Battle. She laughed and talked, and recovered cards, and marked points which she had no right to mark, and yet played with a certain boldness and de fiance that, when joined to the prudence of Dacre, proved beyond measure succetsfuL Bland and the unhappy chubby one, who revoked three times, and trumped poor Bland* trick twice were mulct in the aum of four and sixpence each, to Mrs. Manton's great delight; Dacre be having "quite the gentleman," and gallantly refusing " Joolier V money with a bow and a compliment that made the virginal ears of the ' fair Jittlebury tingle with jealousy. During the progress of the game, howerer Dacre elicited that Binns had been a devoted lover of Carry's ere Chatteris appeared, and that he was still supposed to be suffering the pangs of despised love. He also found out that the marriage had taken place quietly, and that Cyril had been obliged to go down to his brother's funeral on the same day. " Accounts for the young cub being so melan choly," thought he. " I wonder what he was about in the library with that Ffrench girl My supposition was wrong—he couldn't have pro* posed to her. Hum ! Affairs look complicated. If that old humbug Chatteris was to discover that his son had married this girl, he would < probaby cut him off with the proverbial shilling. I wonder to whom he'd leave his money. The Ffrench girl, I suppose. Ah ! —he ought to have i saved money, too, old Chatteris. I might do worse, upon my souL I must confess, however, that for my part, I much prefer Mrs. Chatteris. Bad taste, perhaps, but, by Jove, the day I saw her in the garden she looked divine. If I was sure that she wasn't married, I'd—but no, my wild days are over. I must go in for position, I I and all that sort of thing. What a glorious old tartaa* the mother is ! I have stumbled on | strange society. That young donkey, Binns, for j example, and that prosy-headed old blockhead, Bland. Perhaps I might make some use of Master Binns. He is just the sort of cad who knows all about the working of these miserable meetings. Mr. Binns!" Binns bent forward. > " I am going to ask you rather a rude question, but I wish you would let me have your address. ! Sometimes we official fellows hear of t h; ng» which—you understand—" Bums did not understand the least in the world, but visions of official fame and political | intrigue rose before him, as he blushed and handed the mailing/secretary a limp card, whereon was printed the address of his employing grocer. " Mr. Bland lives with me," he said, as if that fact cast a halo of intellect round the spot "Oh, indeed ! Ah ! very pleasant Literary .chat, eh? Two congenial minds! Then, a letter sent to this address will always find you V "Always." "Upon my word, I am very much obliged to | you, and now I must really think of saying good night It ia half-past nine. Really, Mrs. Manton, your tea has been bo excellent, and I have passed such an agreeable evening, that I had quite forgotten the French Ambassador. I shall barely have time to get home and dress. Good night, and thanks for your very pleasant evening." Before he could quit the room, a ring was heard at the door-belL " Good gracious ! who can that be ?" exclaims the hostess. Maria Jane, that long suffering domestic, had opened the door, and a faint scream was heard, as though that young woman had experienced that affection known among her kind as " a start." " Lor, mum," cries she, regardless of ceremony in her surprised eagerness, " it's Miss Carry !" Miss Carry it waa beyond a doubt. Hum Carry in elegant attire, Miss Carry exquisitely gloved and delicately booted, but Miss Carry with agitated mien and closely-drawn veil The assembled party could not have been more astonished if a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst Mrs. Manton clasped her daughter to her broad bosom, in wonder-stricken affection. Bland suffered from bis constitutional sympathy with persons in distress, the fair Jittlebury made preparations for fainting on the shortest notice, Joolier screamed, and poor Binns felt hi* heart knock at his ribs as he sank speechlessly into the nearest chair. Dacre was the only one present who preserved his equanimity. I "A flutter in the dovecot, evidently! By Jove, how lovely she looks !" "What is it, my precious, then?' asks the Manton. " Hush ! don't give way, dear—see all the people." But Carry was evidently overcome with grief, for she could do nothing but sob violently. " Take me away, mother;' she whispered. Dacre came to the rescue. "You are tired, Mrs. Chatteris, I see. Mr* Manton, you had better let your daughter lie dewn for a little. Her nerves have been shaken by something or other. Don't speak, my dear madam, I beg. Goodnight" As the door closed upon the mother and daughter, escorted by the sympathising Jittle bory, the genteel Perkin, and the agitated Joolier, he resumed, in his airiest tones, " Come, Bland, we had better go. Some little family quarrel, I suppose. My young friend Chatteris is so hot tempered. AmaiUiuut irtr, ' you know,— amoris integmtb. What a lovely night for walking! You're sure about that address, Mr. Bums ? Good night, then," and he was gone. But not to the French Ambassador's. He turned down the street towards the north-west | part of town, and then suddenly stopped. " If he had been at home," said he, " he would have stopped her coming. Now, if Master Cyril is from home at nine in the evening he would not be home before the small hours. I'll go to the PtgatuM ; he's sure to be there." Bland and- Binns wondered much on their homeward way. M He's been ill- treatin' her, the scoundrel; I knew he has Tories the ferocious Binns. "D—n him, if I thought he had, I'd murder him !" "My dear fellow!" expostulates the gentle Bland. " Oh! it's all right of course. But—well, never mind, I'm a miserable beggar I know, but I wouldn't strike a woman. It's the act of a mean, dastardly coward ! And yet this man is honored and respected," continued the Orator, addressing the street lamps. "He has friends, and wealth, and home. Curses on the miserable social system that binds men as slaves to the wheels of the revolving car of Juggernaut!" Bland laughed, but very gently. " My dear boy, you talk nonsense, and assume what may be untrue. The ear of Juggernaut doesn't revolve, and you have no proof that Mr. Chatteris has been ill-treating his wife." Binns growled, but made jm> reply. [TO BE COKTWtra] 