EBB AND FLOW. All at once there wag sunshine in the house. It had been a dull and rather dismal dwelling before ; the men and women in it attended to their own business ; none greatly concerned themselves about their neighbours, but re- gretted their sorrow civilly, were pleased with their gladness politely, and oared nothing at all if they disappeared entirely. A humdrum bouse, where people came and went, and no thing happened ; where we were all a sort of shadows ; and the most silent and shadowy of us all was little Rosa Mayne — an insignifi- cant little body at whom yon never thought of looking twice ; so fair and pale and small that she never seemed to be a real entity, and going on so quietly, with so few words and small stir, that you forgot to notice her exist, ence, as though she wero a mere part of the inanimate surroundings. If you had a fumiy thing to say, you never thought of glancing toward Rosa for a smile. If you told a pathetic story, it was not for the sako of the tear in Rosa's eye. And Rosa might ho sick, or sad, or sour — she had it all to herself, for there was nobody who knew a word about it. But, as I said, all at once there was sun- shine in the dreary and dingy house, and the sunshine fell through Rosa. Flowers began to be blooming in the old vase3 ; ivies began to decorate the parlour ; wonderful things in canvas and worsted began to brighten it; old prints framed in home- made passe-partout began to adorn it ; there was a tiny fernery established in. the window there; pretty work was lying round ; the old piano was open ; and there was a piuk bow at Rosa's thront, and a pink colour on her cheek, and a sparkle in her eye, and she was tripping up and down in a gay bustling way, like one who has estab lished a right to be in the world, and found it recognised, and her sweet little childish voice wascarolliug from room to room, and on every Btair and lauding. Aud we all of us wondered where in the world our eyes had been, and we all of us used them now, and we saw long black lashes and gray eyes, and a crowning twist of black hair ; delicate features, a thin sweet mouth, and a skin transparent and white as lilies are, save for this fresh new colour that was always rippling over it now. We could not call her pretty, but we wanted to look and look again ; and jnst as wo were ajl of us falling in love oursolvos, the real cause of the metamorphosis came upon the scene, and we fell back and made salaam to Rosa's lover. By all of us, I mean the young gentlemen of the house — for my part I was a poor old maid in my fiftieth year, and of course it was little matter what I thought or did, beiug a piece of lumber that Time would have swept out' of the way if he had known his business. Little Rosa was our landlady's step-daugh ter — treated well enough by her step-mother, for all we ever saw ; but the poor lady could afford her but few iudulgences, and the young' girl's life had passed in the shadow that bleached and blanched her, and kept hor the unnoticed thing she had been. But now she was out in the sunshine — the sunshine of hope and joy ; somebody came home with her from church ; somebody took her out to -concerts ; somebody ' sat in the parlour with her in the evening, long after her mother was sleoping the sleep of the just; somebody met hor un expectedly as she weut on her errands or took her strolls ; to somebody she had become the very centre of the universe, and the sun rode in the meridian just above hor head. All these other people, these boarders, who had never taken her to lecture or theatre, who had forgotten to say good morning to her — she had changed roles with them ; it was they who were shadows ! But, nevertheless, Bhe could nfford them a little of her sunshine. A little ! that sunshine just filled the house. She was a person of im portance ; her lover was a king among men ; he thought her peerless among women. She knew bettor herself, but it was delightful to have him think so. She weut about now jingling the koys at her belt — she was learning housekeeping. Randolph was rich, but that made no matter ; she could bring him nothing hut hersolf ; she meant that self should bo perfect in all the ac complishments within reach, and she was sure nothing would give him more comfort than his wife's mastery of a thorough system of housekeeping. The poor little happy thing had no other accomplishments, except the strumming of a simple accompanimout to her simple songs. But apparently Randolph thought . she needed nothing more, for ho look ed at her in a way that implied she was already all a woman should ovor hope to bo. He was a handsome .fellow, this Randolph Howe — ouo of those superb creatures that can take girls' hearts by storm through shea" force of their animal strength aud beauty, if they have no other force ; tall, well-made, dark-eyed, smooth-cheeked, and with masses of ebon black hair,- with kind manner' and bright wit, he seemed doubtless to the littlo pale Rosa like a beiug from anothor planet and of superior race. Perhaps he was of superior race, though ; at any rate, I fear he thought so. If be did not, his friends, did, for the Howes were an old family in the city that had always held their heads aloft, had always married rank and wealth, had never made a mesalliance ; the refinement of generations ought to have told upon them if it did not ; and if there iB any such thing as progressing towards perfection in a greater ratio than that in which our fellow-mortals progress, the Howes, from their greater advantages, might be supposed to have done so. Of course, then, it might also be supposed that, having made bo much progress, these people were able to- see through the thin triviality of social distinctions to the solid basis of worth in a person. But nothing would have been farther from the truth. They did not believe much solid basis of worth really existed out of their own social oircle ; they thought it required generations of riches, of learning, of ease, of travel, of fine friends, fine tables, fine clothes, to make this solid basis of worth, save in those rare exceptions which might go to prove tbe rule — aud of course Rosa Mayne, tbe daaghter of a poor boarding-honse keeper, was not one of those exceptions ; and when they heard in what direction Randolph was drilling, they quietly ignored the facts, and waited for Randolph to return to bis own place. But Randolph had no idea of returning at present. -Perhaps be was weary of tbe aim less and dilettante life ; of tbe languid and elegant lad jes ; of the girls a little blasd, and with a certain affectation of musioal, or theatrical, or scientific slang. There seemed to him something so new, so fresh and inno cent, in this little Rosa of his, that it recalled to him one scene in his life,' when, leaving a heated ball-room, where the muslin blossoms still bloomed gaudily round the ohandeliers, and the exotics on the breasts of the dauciug women were fallen and faded, he had stolen into a garden, where tbe morning star was just mirroring itself in the bosom' of a dew- drop shining on a half-blown rose. Perhaps the haughty Howes wouldjind their senses in time ; meanwhile he was very sure he had not lost his. And as he was his own master, and master of a tolerably good inheritance, he did not feel it necessary for him to sue his mother and sisters for consent that would nevor bo given, and it was his intention now to marry out of hand. If he was not so rich as he might be, ho could still have city home and country house, horses and dogs ; Rosa could keep her carriage, and he would have the little flock of half brothers and sisters educated and started in life in such wise that they need never be ashamed to own them. As for Rosa herself, she had been quite well educated in the essential things before her father's death had changed their mnnner of life, and she had that innate and delicate grace which sup plied all lack, and always would, he said. Bat rich or poor, Rosa would have none of his possessions as yet. She would not receive one of the costly gifts he longed to give. The thought of it made hor dear cheeks buru ; she could hardly have told yon why — whether it was like spreading a price, before her, or whether it was a sort of accontuatiou of the difference in their stations. She made him take back the watch, which was only a bunch of gems. When ho brought her diamonds and great pearls to choose from, she closed both the cases and pushed them away. " What do you mean?"- he said. "These are the things my wife will wear ! " "Well, when you have a wife," she answer ed, shyly and half saucily, "it will be time enough." "When I do, I will cover' her with jewels, the proud little -wretch ! " he said, and covered the sweet mouth with kisses then. The only thing she would consent to have washer engagement-ring, and as he had liberty to choose there, he betrothed her with iv great clear stone that glittered cn licr finger like a tear. But Rosa always seemed to feel that the sparkle of that diamond was a tell-tale blazon of her joy, and wore the stone turned in ! But how happy she was ! I used to watch hor sometimes through the glass door of the extension-room, us T sat there with hor mother, tryng vainly to thread a needle with my spectacles, my eyes being turned the other way. I recalled the time when I was young and happy too. I remember ono night when, the lights burning low in the front parlours, Rosa sat with her fingers lightly running over the keys in the accompaniment to one of hor half dozen little songs, while Randolph stood leaning on the piano, his hat in his hand, saying ho must go. As ho stood there, Rosa looked up at him aud began to sing : " My honrt is a fount welling upward forever, When I think of my. true-lovo, by night or by day ; That heart, keeps its faith liko a fast flowing river, Which gushes forever arid sings on its way. I havo thoughts full of pcaco for his soul to repose in, Wero I but his own wife, to win and to woo— Oh, sweet, if tho night of misfortune wero closing, To rise liko tho raorning-star, darling, for you!" And then Randolph kissed her lips, and he looked at linr a moment silently with those dark and glowing eyes of his, and kissed hor again, and was gone, and we heard his swift steps- ringing on the flags. And that was the last kiss he gave her ; for into that house he never came again. . I remember how she went about after lie had gone, setting things to rights, putting the chairs in place, folding the work she had thrown down, closing the piano, arranging' the music iu order, with such a dancing step, with such a light of contentment on her face. Some page of tho music had caught her eye, and she was absently humming its burden to herself: "For my love is dead, Gone to his death-bed, All under tho wiflow-troe." And theu she caught herself singing such fatal words, and shivered arid laughed, and went to the glass to pluck away tho flowor he had hung in her hair, and took it aud kissed it again, and sat down on the little ottoman there, hor face on her knees, sobbing, and crying to her self, " Oh, I am so happy ! so happy ! " As for me, I was not always a poor old maid in a boarding-house. Oncol was eighteen, and gay, and with good expectations myself ; and then I. had friends, and they were among such people as these Howes — and some, of them wero the Howes— tho aunts and uncles of Randolph himself. If they were not friends now, they still wero acquaintances ; and though I said nothing about it at home, where Rosa's sensitive ears might suffer, I had heard all tho gossip in the circles of the Jlowes concerning Randolph's last flame, as they called it. Tliey called it so to make light of it — indeed, it was no joking matter : Randolph in reality had iiever been known to have a flame before. . Of course his four supercilious sisters -and their rriamma had . curved their contumelious lips, and been exceedingly disgusted over tho whole affair. " The idea," they said, " of Randolph, after all his career, his birth and education, his life abroad, being fascinated by the face of a little girl standing in a church porch and waiting for a shower to pass, and offering her tho shelter of his umbrella; and following hor up till ho found some ono to present him, and then absolutely succumbing to her vulgar wiles'! Fresh arid innocent! As if there were no girls' in his own set that were fresli and innocent ! Slio was an artful minx — nothing but artifice could have captured Randolph, with all his experience ! And if he did not recover himself before Hortensia Brooks came, they should be in despair and so it ran on. Well, the night that Rosa sang the littlo song which 1 repeated to you, Hortensia came. And when ho went home he found her there. Perhaps be was tired, perhaps lie was ill, perhaps ho was magnetized — but ho stood there, dumb and dazzled. And you would not wonder if you had seen Hortensia as she vyas .then— -the largest, most luxuriant type of womanhood, superb and regal ; flesh moulded everywhere into perfect curves ; a fruity bloom on the cheek, a melting redness , of the lip; features fit for marble, brown eyes that seemed to burn ; a smile that harmonised the face like sunlight, and made conquest - of you at once; hair that crowned the whole in braided gold, and a laugh that rippled', like a passage of. sweetest musio, whose thread y'ou had hardly caught. She was something not to be seen twice in a lifetime; her beauty- was: of the sort that is given to one person ont of a whole generation ; old men took off their hats in the street when she passed along. To beauty was added another gift — she sang like a siren, and her wealth was almost fabulous. She was singing when Randolph stood in the door — ah ! how differently, he might well havo thought, from the thin, faint tones of little Rosa's voice, just heard ; rich, full, powerful musio that delighted the inmost senso. She sang for him till after midnight. The next day ho rode with her — his mother aud sisters demanded that attention to their guest. The next day they had no need of de manding it. Perhaps he was ' proud to be seen the esquire of such a dame ; porbaps the sumptu ous beauty stimulated his somewhat jaded sense ; perhaps his sybaritic soul revelled in tho pleasure of such neighbourhood, the touch of such a hand, the sound of such a voico. Tho first he kuew of it was when, one day, having been lapped in this Elysium a week, as she swept by, her gown brushed hi9 arm, and sent a shiver thrilling him from head to foot. Then he was in a dream, beneath a spell ; ho forgot all about the little white colourless creature to whom he had onoe made such sacred vows ; that pale flame burned un seen against tho great blaze of red sunshine here. He hardly loft Hortensia's side ; all the animal delight in luxury and passion within hor rose and swept him forward. He had intellect enough unbliuded to direct it in tho way he would, to become a power before her and above her, to fasten her thought and fancy as she had fastened his, to make himself the master. And two months from the time when he went home and found her singing that luscious Italian song he married Hortensia. In all those weeks he never oame near Rosa. If he ever thought of her, he may have felt a throb of pity, but he could not-, would not, pause or turn. Tho timid note she sent him, when she feared lest he were ill, was tossed aside unopened. Indeed, I think that, for the time being, be was just and simply mad. At last, when I saw my little Rosa's wonder pass into dismay, when I saw her eyes heavy in the morning with the night's weeping, her lips contracted in silent pain, and the pain growing into an agony, I thought it best to toll hor what I knew. She had become very white and shadowy again, but she turned on me almost fiorcoly in her unbelief. "Thoy are going to the theatre to-night," said I. " You shall come with me, and see thoin for yourself." I could not very well afford tho thing, but I thought it best for her; aud so we sent for tickets, and had a carriage, and wont. I am sure I forgot what tho play was ; nor do I bfliove that Rosa saw anything in all the bright scene save the two faces of which we occasionally caught a glimpse, half shrouded ns they were behind the drapories of the box. But we stood iu the lobby while our hack was coming up, and we waited there for them as they oame out. Thoy came with tbe crowd, and paused close beside us ; he lifted his hnnds to draw tho whito fur, with its rose velvet linings, closer about hor— a common action enough, but it was no common look on his face that accompanied it, as he bent his head to hoar hor murmured word ; it was a look impassioned and intonso, a look of long ing and adoring and of rapture. No place, indeed, for suoli a look, but Randolph was in the mood that regards neither time nor place. Rosa clasped my 'arm aud held it like a vice ; her weight was heavy on it ; and so they passed on, with eyes only for each other, proud, rich, beautiful, satisfied ; and when they had gone I beokoned an assistant, and he carried my fainting Rosa for rine to the carriage, and there I tore her veil off, and we drove home. "Put him out of your heart, doar," I said. "Ho nover deserved a place in such a shrine. And don't delude yourself with the idea that he is being sacrificed in marry ing that woman ; she is good enough for him. Nor with tho hope that he oaunot marry her without first coming to you ; he has forgotten that you exist-." And after that the little thiug went about her duties, whiter and thinner overy day, but always busy, with a feverish desire to forget herself; and we saw no tears, and wo heard no sighs — only I know that, young as she was, tho lovely world and happy lils had lost their hold, and she would sooner die than livo. Well, well, that wodding was a gorgeous pageant. Hortensia's own homo was so far away, aud the season so inclement, thnt it was judged best for her to be marriod whero she was ; and tho affair was pushed on eagerly by Randolph, and she was nothing loath. The church was filled with women in splendid toilets and their escorts ; the- altar was a blaze of radiance," with tier pn tier of burning wax- lighls, whose lustre fell on tho matted blossoms underneath — on tho chancel rails wreathed with exotics, the steps strowu with roses and jasmines and lilios ; the young acolytes iu their whito :and purple robes swung golden censors; the organ rolled out its tumultuous melody ; clusters of airily clad maidens floated up tho aisle with officers in all the glancing of gold-lnco and plumes — for Randolph had been a West Point man himself, and his friends wore round him now. The bride came in alone, with blooming little children holding np the wonderful work. of her satin train ; the groom waited for her at the altar ; the lace- wrapped priest met them. And when they turned about and faced us and stepped down, I think many heaits must have beat more quickly at the sight of such majesty and splendour, such beauty and passion, as tliey embodied. But Rosa was not there— surely she could hardly have looked on such a scene and lived. A glorious pageant ; but it had its reverse. The family coach of the Howes, reserved for 1 the bride, had met with an accident just before coming to the church,- and it had been neces sary to replace it by an . additional one from the livery — a new and handsome clarence; but its last occupant had been an infected person, who, if he were conscious of what he did, had committed murder in using it. On her bridal journey the bride drooped and sickened ; a fortnight from that night of splendid revelry her illness was declared — a week of wild delirium, and her body, the flesh falling from it, was rolled in a tarred sheet and carried in the rude small- pox hearse at mid night to its grave As for Randolph, I don't know what became of him then. There were all sorts of rumours —rumours of insanity, rumours of riotous dis sipation, rumours of a wandering life in the blackest gloom. He might well have been crazed, plunging from such warmth and bliss into such ice-cold night and despair. He might well 'have been whirled off into any sin, seeing all- -the glory of that rosy flesh change as in stantly to loathsomeness and corruption as if the ground had failed beneath his feet ; seeing the nothingness of things of earth, unable yet to comprehend the things beyond. Only one rumour out of the whole was a certain truth — he did not come hack. His mother and sisters might console themselves with their work ; with the recollection of their pageant; with the understanding that Hortensia's great for tune was now in their own family ; with the knowledge that there was ono man in the world who, when age came to him, would have no hearth to warm him by, no child, no wife ; at any rate they did not have Randolph to console themselves with. Whether it over occurred to him or not that it was to them in any degree that he owed his misery — that thoy had brought the splendid temptress to him, and so ensnared him that the quiet home, tho gentle wife, the peaceful life ho had been promising himself had become impossible before the intoxication with which tliey had allured him — I cannot say. Truly, whatever the fault in their case may have been, he had nohody but himself, his own senses, lii's own weakness, to blame. He might remember Hortensia now-as some dark star remembers the flash and glory of a comet's vaporous lustre that once wrapped it and passed away, some, star that at its inmost centre still feels the drawing of the sun. It was seven years before anyone hero saw Randolph Howe again, and then ho came home a white-haired man — white- haired, but his dark eyebrows still cast their shadow over his dark eyes, and the dark mustache seemed darker by the cheek brown with the touch of the sans of Southern seas. These seven years had brought their changes to others too. They changed me from a middle-aged woman to an old oner — a garrulous old one, you see. Thoy changed the frequenters of our house to others. And they changed Rosa Irom the little step-danghter to the mistress of the house ; for her step-mother had died, after long pain and illness, and had left her burden of care and children for Rosa's shoulders to bear. Well, it is wonderful to seo sometimes how much the most fragile can endure. Rosa could hardly have looked more delicate now than she used to do, but she had refined away to something almost spiritual. The happy rippling laugh was gone, indeed : no one ovor heard her langh, but no one ever saw hor cry ; a gentle smile played about hor face liko a reflected light — the smile that comes from trying to make others happy. She had filled her step-mother's place better than it had ever been filled before ; had prosporod so as to warrant her taking a better house, and that house was kept to a marvel, not like a boarding-house, but like a homo. Her little sisters she had sent away to school"; for tho oldest boy she had socurod a place in a bank, and the two younger boys she kept at home. She had, moreover, found some time to road, to visit n few poorer people, and she never closed hor piano. Her old boarders came back to visit hor, her new boarders thought they had fallen upon Paradise ; she had for gotten hersolf iu doing for the rest — hardly more than twonty- five, she seemed to have tho experience, the tact, the wisdom of twice as many years. And of course we have been a happy family — we are a happy family. I wonder if it is all to be broken up becauao this man has come back ! For four months ago a person was thrown from his carriage upon tho pavement oppo site ; and of course Rosa's doors flow open wide, and he was brought in and carriod into the little private parlour that ran behind the others, and laid upon a lounge thero, and the doctor was called. Aud as she looked at tho half- unoonscious man's face, which his position had hindered her from seeing before, Rosa's own face blanched ; and as he opened his eyes he might have taken her for the reproach ful ghost of the youth that he had wrecked. But he held his arms toward her with an im ploring gesture, crying out hor name, and then he fainted dead away. When the doctor came he forbade the patient to be moved : it was a compound fracture, aud a bad wouud, and the wound must heal before the bone could knit ; so a cot was | brought down into the little private parlour, and his servant was sent for, and Rosa came into the room no more — olily I, as an old woman, wont and came as I would. And his mother and sisters, as soon as ho could see them, called, one or the other of thorn, upon hitn every day, for thoy really loved him in their fashion. It would havo been a hard heart that could havo helped loving him, with his attractive ways : it was because we lovod him so lhat things had boon so bittor, I remember poor Mrs. Mayno, one day long before she fell ill and died, sitting dowu for a hearty cry to think hu.liad disappointod hor so. At last — let mo see, that was a month ago — Randolph son t for Rosa. It was in the twilight. I was sitting iu tho, front parlour by the grate, nodding, half in a dream, when she-oame iu and glided through. Tho doors between the rooms wero nil wido open, it had been so warm when ho Iny dressed upon tbe lounge ; and ho had sout liis attend ant away. "Did you ask for mo ?" alio said. And her voico waB clear and sweet as a bell, but she spoke in a tone as if . she had nevei1 seen the man before. He made her no reply. Only ho was look ing at her, I could see — for I was not nodding any longer — -while she stood there with the glow of the fire-light open her. " Did yon send for me ?" she said agnin. " Rosa ! Rosa !" he cried, suddenly, and stretched his arms toward her again, as he did the day he was brought in. But she floated back like thistle-down before a breath. And at that he turned and buried his face iu the cushion, and shook it with sobs. Aud, of coarse, that brought her round, as perhaps he knew it would — a woman cannot bear to see . a man cry ; it seems to her then as if there , were something wrong with the universe. She put her little cool hand on his where . they were fluDg clasped above his head. "You have no need," I could jnst hear her murmur. " I forgave you long ago." Presently he was still again. "Do not take it away," he said. " So cool, so pure ! Oh, down there, on the other side of the world, I longed for the touch of it — longed for the cool touch of it when I was in a burning i hell I Do not think I atn ever going to make love to you again !" he exclaimed, half rising on his two elbows and confronting her. " I" ' shonld as soon think of making love to one of God's saints ! But I was in a delirium." " Hush ! hush !" she said. Then she sat down on a low chair beside i the lounge, and he layand looked at her. And do you suppose he didn't make love to her, then and there and on the spot ? Oh, yes, then, and at all other times. He hardly let her out of his sight ; he sent for hor almost hourly ; ho pursued her with his plea, and he callod iu all aids of pathos and pity. For a time she would not understand him, and then once I heard her answer, as she sprang away from tho arm that had stolen round hor unawares. " For what do you take mo ?" she cried, passionately. "Ouoe you tossed mo by like a faded flower ! You tossed me down and trod on me ! If you had trodden on a rose so, would there be much sweetness left ? And do you think you did not tread all love out of my heart ?" " Rosa !" " And can you believe that I have no more spirit — that I am so base as to endure tho same — " " But yon said that you forgave me !" he answered her. "And so I do." "That is not the way Heaven forgives sinners !" " I atn not Heaven — I am an outragod woman !" "And do you think I do not remember that?" he cried. "Do you imagine I ever forgot your suffering, your pain, after I once awoke ? Do you imagiuo that it has been all selfish longiug that has tortured me in theso infernal years, and never once the desire to comfort you, the sense of your misery aud loneliness ? Do you imagine I would not rather havo died, when I came to myself, than know that I had caused you all that ? For I know, I know, you suffered! Oh, Rosa, my littlo, poor white thing, forgive me, and let me atone for it ! Oh, my love, come to me, corae to me, be my own again !" But Rosa's hands were folded in her lap, and she did not stir. And then Mr. Randolph took desperate measures ; he sent for his mother and sisters to aid him ; ho threatened to tear his wound open ; ho even enlisted me. Aud the proud damo and hor proud damsels had to stoop, had to cotno and beg my little pale Rosa to have mercy upon their son and brothor, had to court her and invite her, and embrace hor and make much of lier ! "I suppose it will havo to be," Miss Juliet said loLIiss Abigail yesterday, as they waited for their carriage, and quite oblivious of me. "But how such an iusignificaut and com monplace body over infatuated our Randolph so — " I spoke right up. " Commonplace she may be to strangers s Rosa Mayne," I said, " but give her hor fur-liued silks aud cachomires, aud ostrich plumes, and her husband's natne and house and equipage, and you will all bo wondering that you never saw the beauty of that spiritual Mrs. Randolph Howe !" I 'said. Thoy both turned aud stared. Aud thou Miss Abigail suddonly stooped and kissed mo. " Well, you are a good littlo thiug," she said. "And I hope it will all bo for the best." I know it will all bo for tho best 1 But if she does marry Rnndolph at last, what in tho world do you supposo is going to become of me ? 