LECTURE AT THE MECHANICS'. An interesting lecture was delivered last night in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute by Lieutenant Alfred Wilkinson, an evangelist serving under the Restored Apostles. Mr Francis Greene occupied the chair, and the admission being free, over 400 persons assembled in the hall. The subject chosen by the lecturer was "The Coming of our Lord near at hand, and His Message of Mercy to all christian People by His Restored Apostleship; Apostles Lost and Re- stored." The areninent of; tbe lectors' wad that as God, under the .Id . dispensation, had punished the Israelites for negloctiag His commandnients, so He w»ql4:pnnLh those who, Jiaving Tecraved the Holy 'Ghost under t'ie new dispensation, continued to Deglect .His word. ; Knt e\enas therehad beonalHyine visita tion to tlic Jews, and Christ had come down and f ulfllled all thp rites and duties of the law of Moses, had ap- peared in the foorfold ministratian rd propbet, apostle, evanfehskand pastor,' so there would be another vLsi- tatum iron! God in these later days, and Sis -apostles ; would be restored to, prepare His people furHis com-., ing. -The kuuuer said that just as tbe otber dispen- sation had closed with dark 'and soleam days, so were tlie day.: « f anarchy, strife, and heitksy.rr'w ob- taising,nntil to heatbennatious thename ofCbristen-' doru had become a .byword.' . He contended that tlio beginniug pf tlie eud had already. '-come, -and the apostlesldp had been restored, in order that Christ," on His reppeaiaace, should fliid a pemteut prie-t- hoodi:xi>d -a pouitent peoplfi. Tin lecturer said the . apostoicmiuisti't h«i bees working-far the la-t forty. yearB -. tiirouglion t all the Christian nations, and he invited all who were interested iii so seiinus a subject to attend- at ctbp- Apostles'; jnoeHug-place here, the B.fflurat 'Gramhuw Bchoplspr in Queens-: beny street,' Meii>oiupe,.:nlit-re, he said, flieir luiiida .WonljLLe pr-epjrcdjo see odfwgljdogc npon earth, 1 His orainsnces " ould he kept as.ui tlie bttuning, and the churcli wiwild lie ready as a bride to receive the 'conunk'of .the' Bridegrbpm. 'Ibe lecturer was Warmly ' applauded at the close of his address, and Mr Greene invited all who desired to receive further information to meet Mr Wilkinson at his (Mr Greene's) house be- fore noon to-day. 