PAPAL PRETENSIONS. A SERuIE of three letters on the subject .of papsl preteneions, as pot forward by Dr. Vaughan, has been furnished to the Australiaan Churchman by our friend the Rev. Mr. Zillman. The Churchrnan was, no doubt, the most appropriate place for their publication ; but as the produo. tions of a resident of our town, they seem to deeorve reproduotion in the Indepen. dent. We print the first and second in the present issue, Dear Sir,--It was I think, hardly boe coming on the part of Archbishop Vaughan in one of his first public deliver. anoes to use language of a disrespootful, if not throatoning nature towards the Churobh of England. I was glad to road the courteoous yet foroible rebuke that was administered to him by the Bishop of Sydney; and with all respoot to his Lord. ship, I am of opinion that he did not go suffioiently far in vindicating the position of the Church of England in its relations to Popery. There must surely be some thing to account for the fact of ihant churobh being singled out for specoial attack. There is no allusion to the arrooe of Prosbyterianism, of Weoloyanism, or even of Protestantism in general, but it is forsooth, "the errors of Anglioanism." It is not always fair to impute motives, but one is strongly tempted to ouspoot that " His Grace" (I believe the only legal holders of that title are the Aroh. bishaops of York and Canterbury,) fools a little jealous of what he las already seen to be the position of the Churoh of E]ng land in this acolony. She is the churoh of the colony if numbers are to decide the fact. " His Graoo" may also be pro voked at observing that the most wealthy, the most intelligent, and the most influeou tial of the community are of her fold. Still, the true position of the ohurch is to be defended on far higher grounds than those. She is no more mushroom oeot; but her traditions, her history, her Apoe. tolioal order, nod her primitive faith, are suh ano at once to vindicato her clainms an a true branch of the Catholio Church, and also most effootually to repel the aggroesivoness of Rome. Whatever may be the position of the Church of Rome in her o~a domains, abe surely cannot olimr to be the historinal Church of uEg. land. Lot any one road .Magna C(harta or other wor!o bearing on the relations of Churobh and State before the Roformation, and he will find no mention whatever of the Churoh of Romea, but frequent and distinct mention of the Church of En?gand. 1Vo other ecclesiastical organisartion has ever borlne that name but that which bears it nore. It in true that the Churoh of England has undergone changes oar. responding to the political ohangos of the country, but from tho very first introduo. tion of COhristinllty Into Engolnd. (end English Chrlnthonlty 1,l not of Roman origin) in the first or oeconld century down to the present time It lhas boon the same organisatlon all through that has bo.-no the title of the Church of England. This mns n .hn.tlin, th. .Y.1.nnn hilmnlf defended %9h;10 In tiho X ardh of England, nod no doveloomoent of his roligiono opinions done supply us with intolligible reasons for reonounoog it. Ilo doolarea with gReat aimnploity theton hie conversion tl lt-]ie dioappoarod from his mind, and tinat nothing asort of n miraolo could ro produco It. "I wont by,'" nays ho, "nnd Io it woe goneo I nought it, but its plnoo was nowhero to be found" Dr. Now. man cnnnot, howerver, reoall or do away with the results of his own tonohing., whblo havo boon to oonllrm manny in their " Anglioanism." But, nfter alnl, sthe Oburoh of lomeo in England la a complotely' now orotion. An an orgn. nlnod body, under Episcopal control and government, It had no existonce until within a tofew yearo ago. Weo oan nearly til remember the oecitement that wno produood in Enogland when Popo Pius IX. paroolled Englnnd out Into no many difforont dioonou tunder tho appointmont of bishopa, Romranism in England in the Inost newly formed noot. I ashould isnn. gino that lher very ago there in fatal to Siher Cathollo olalms,. No doubt oho hsna maade wondorful progroeo ninoo heor eatab. lishmont ; how muoh of that is owing to Irisls immigration to the large mnanufsso. 'turing towna, whore her sucoseon have boon the most marked, in nootlher quos. * lion a but no unroful ?observor of recont history would venture to nffirm that asho lsae gained any real hold on the thinkiling? nod odulosted oolna on of lhe country, andi that her converts havin boon drown fromn tny other than the miont sentlelntaul, upnrlinolnl, and suporetioinne, There are h{ioontn lnU ILosanlenu whloh nl r never bD ~adImilAlt ay l10 iap lea of I!,o English nation, and ,*hioh indeed aro alien to the tendencies of be Saxon races wherever found. Before Romanism in Eogland can be gee, ally and firmly established, Englishman must be exter-. minated. The onl0 policy (but thank God no longer probable) by which.suoh a result oould be effdeted, would be that employed in France ibroo hundred years ago, when the ohurch vioh owns Arch bishop Vaughan slaughtpred in cold blood no less than 50,000 s offending Huge. nots, to commemorato which the Pope obhanled a solemn T(Deuem, and strueak a medal in the Vati}an; or when she lit up the fires of Smith qold, " And Baonner, blithe`s a shepherd at a wake, Made royal show and anced about the stake." Seeing, however, th such a method of establishing Popery ia no longer possible, the hope of oonverti g England mUst be very poor and remote. The now wine of English Christia'ity can never be con tained in the rotten begs of the Romish system. And though the encroachmeoots of Romanism may for tbo presoent create some alarm, yet ultimately they must defeat their own ends. "The bold encroachers on the deep. Gain by degrees Lugo tracts of land, Till Neptune, with f?e general swooeep, Turns all agai,?i barren strand." This does not, hoirever, lessen the duty of English Churchmen in the interval. "The encroaching ill you clearly .should op. pose, Flattered 'tis worse and by Indulgence grpws," In another letter, Mr. Editor, I will, with your permission, show how Arab. bishop Vaughan'i description of the Church of Englstid being distrusted by the wisest and best of her sons is far more applicable to the present condition of the Church of Rome. In the metan while I remain, &o.;, OLD CATHIOLIO, DEAR sIR,--In a former letter whlob you kindly published I indicated (in more outline of course) wBt I oonsidered to be the true position of tht hurch of England. She is now what she his always been, what site was before the period of the reforms. tion, what she was dBring the long period of her decadence under tie Roman usurpa. tion, what she was in the original inde. pondenco of her conotitution, and the pri. mitive purity of her doctrines, long before the advent of Augustinoe, the period which marked the commenoement of her onslave. went, though her decoline did not com. meneoo until the effects of the Augustinian revival had died away, thns verifying the old proverb that " The gaod that men do is oft buried with their ;bones, the bad lives after them." ]3ut, amidst all the changes of her history/tho churoh has never lost her identity, fnd " by the help of God sheo oontinues so:to this dlay, wit. noosing both to emall and great," as the ehuroh of the nation, andbtho heritage of Christ. Thie is the position which gives her such a vantago ground against Romish sootoriano on the one band, and Protestant sootarians on the other, "From this point of view the title of " Catholic Arehbishop" no applied to the representative of no aliot communion ie simply a misnomer, 9nd he who assumes it is an interloper. The ]Romish Church is guilty of nothing more or leossa than an not of sochism, nod of anorilogo, in forming a coot to rival the claimsn of the National Church, and in appointing dignitaries to content the au. thority, and to mimic the rank of those who are by divine right, and regular sue. oesoion, the true bishops of the church. The irregularity is no great as though a foreign power were to establish a filibus. tering reopublio in the English dominions, in opposition to the regular Government, and with the view of superseding the reigning uovoroign. It in well for us to know, that the Churoh of England stands on precisely the name footing towards the Church of Romo, no the Greek COluroh, which never aoknowledgod tho superiority or submitted to the away of Rome. Indeed so far from the Greek Church ever having separated from the Roman Church, the roverse is exactly true. "The , early Roman Church," writoes Dean Stanley in his admirable book on the "Eastern Church," " was but a colony of Greek ahristiane or Greoised Jewo. ' * $ The adroantag thus given to the ]3ysni?tio OChuroh has never boon lost or forgotten. It )p a perpetual witness that she is theo eother, and Romo the daughter. T * * The riseo of the Papal oiry on the ruins of the old Pagan metropolis must not blind us to the foot that there was a period in wmiob Conetantlnoplo, end not Rome, was the trut?g?ontro of Obhriatendom," When, therefore, Iome elhargeo our ohureh with schismr, for breaking off her yoke, and asonuminog her own nationality and lade. pondeneoo, the retort is easy that she her. aolf must on the snamein prinoiple have beooen guilty of oliosm, in separating from her mothor, the Greek Church. The mere statement of a ofew plain historioal faots is quite eullasient to preseat tie monstrous nesumptions of the Papacy in their true light, sno well us to vindioato thie oatho. licoity of other national churolhee, besides t?hoso over which the jurisdiction of Rome oxtoends. Bat Rlotmo lae a strango way of nmakling or unimaking history ao it suits her on convenience. If faots do not agree with her, so Ituoeh the wornse for the facts. To any iumpartial student of early church history it muant appear that Stuhe Papey owa naO doidedl a dleparture (rthoughI not no sielo n one) fromnt primi. livo (hirietianity in tie wesrntorn ehurhion, as what MIlahometanim woas ill ts o iaea. torn olhuroles. Tit Minihop of Dorry hit altff tle true idea of the Churcoh of Rleme ia his maregnilloent sormon, pubtliledtl in lhe (h'altlte/oorl of ])eolelbor 20, when ie dleeoriloedl her an "the ghost of tlho loeoared Roman ],Itpiro sitting lrowned apon the grave tleroof," and as hiaving 'tlnaped Itornolf after the type of her Imporial prendecesor ranther than after si type of Posteost.'t' If I reieminber ighl tly, I)oan Stanisoy in his work already untsd from slaownva thlnt as the i'apgey ild lhs origin in sopcnirlion from tlhe ' ruck Ohurolt, so the dprvolopmeit of her it looetrioni orrors and tlit ~ss th a f her yntem were owing I tie de]linO of Ireok oultura and thiea Illng oh in the knnelwdno Vt IhJ tlak Ionaus;, ,,tg that the revival of Greek culture and the renewed study of the Greek tongue contributed more than any other causes to the Reformation in the 16th century. We can readily believe the story told by D'Aubigoo of a certain friar who declared that, whilst a study of Hebirew made people Jews, a study of Greek made them heretics. For fear of lengthening out. my letter beyond the limits allowable in your columns, I will retain what I have to say yet for some fatqro communication. I'o en in, IQLX 