OUR PERTH LETTER. (FRo~r oUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A friend of mine once made the sage and original remark to me, that there was nothing so difficult in this world as to ac complish impossibilities, the truth of which observation never struck me so forcibly as at the present tinme while trying to compile news where none exists, After the feverish excitement of the election, there' has bees the usual reaction, and tlhe past few day have been extremely quiet. Perth seems to have fallen into its normal chronic state of `dulness and apathy, froni which it seems im possible to arouse it. Were the Western Australian Artillery Troop to charge down St. George's Terrace at any hour in the day it would do no damage beyond dispersing a few forlorn individuals who may have ven tured forth with the insane notion of meet ing a kindred spirit or congenial soul. Yet, as a counterpoise to this, a close observer might notice that there is a healthy tone pervading our business circles, notwithstand. ing the seeming dulness that prevails. Our shopkeepers, at any rate, appear to endorse the opinion of the poet that "There's a good time coming boys," for they are one and all renovating, improving, and enlarging their business premises, in anticipation of a brisk summer season to make up for the dull times of the winter. The usual quarterly sittings of thq . SUPREaME COURT were brought to a close at the unearthly hour of midnight on Saturday last. Two cases occupied the attention of the Court throughout the whole of that day; one a charge of perjury, arising out of the bur glarious attempt to enter the premises of Mr. Ebenezer Saw, in May last, the prisoner being acquitted ; and the other a very '" brilliant " case of brothel robbery. The unfortunate jury empanelled to try the lat ter were locked up for over six hours, and would have remained no until the present time 'of' writing had not the learned judge taken compassion on them, and, on the stroke of midnight discharged them and with them the two prisoners, whose guilt or inno cence they could not agree uoon. The facts of the case may be briefly told. A gentleman, rejoicing in the noble name of Smith, who held the position of second mate on board the Georgette, came up to Perth one evening in July last, accompanied by three of his shipmates. The three "ship mates " brought themselves to an anchor at the comfortable hostelrie of mine host of the .' Shamrock;" but Mr. Smith was in clined to indulge in'a little gaiety meeting ' permiscuously,'" as poor Mrs. Malaprop would say, a notorious member of our de1ni monde. Mr. Smith spent the evening in her company at the establishment of qne Lckyer, a saveloy merchant. Having next morning imbibed about a pint of raw spirits, and his share of sundry bottles of porter, our friend Smith, strange to say, became helplessly, obliviously drunk, and while in this happy state it was alleged-but the jury didn't believe it-he was relieved of his watch and chain and £21 in notes. The two prisoners charged with having converted the same to their own use were discharged from custody. It is not unworthy of note that, at the recent criminal sittings of the Court, out of sixteen white prisoners in dicted for various offences no less than nine were acquitted. Never did I: see such an imposing array of medical men summoned as witnesses as at the session just closad, and the medical slang indulged by some of these gentlemen when givingtheir evidence is a nuisance. I cannot for the life of me conceive why lawyers are privileged to bounce on the floor of the court as some of them do, and doctors to prattle away in the jargon of the dissecting room while in the witness box, as some of them do. I mention no names, and therefore can offend the susceptibilities of no man Only on rare occasions does a medical man condescend to explain his meaning to the jury, and the unhappy twelve are too often reduced to a condition bordering on imbecility, and generally re. turn a verdict which induces the public to believe that fools find their way into the jury box as naturally as rivers flow into the sea. There is one anecdote it is always proper to relate on these occasions :-On a trial for assault which took place some years since, a surgeon, in giving his evidence in formed the Court that on examining the prosecutor, he found a severe contusion of the integuments under the left qrbit, with great extravasation of blood and ecchymo sis in the surrounding cellular tissue, which was in a tumefied state. There was also considerable abrasion of the cuticle. Judge : -f' You mean, I suppose that the man had a black eye ?" Witness : .'" Yes." Judge : 'f Then why not say so at once ?" If doc tors wished to benefit the public and to furthei justice, they would adopt the rule by which Sam Tappertit and his fellow ap prentices bound themselves on all outside oc casions. Their wholesome maxim was to " cut the shop." In a recent letter I chronicled the results of the ANNIVERSAIRY FIRING. of our Rifle Volunteers at the short ranges of their annual musketry course. On Saturday last, the pri l'honneur of this year's comple tion-the silver medal given by Lieut. Hill man-was sleot for at the final ranges, and the practice, bearing in mind the unfavora ble state of the weather, and the inferior class of weapon fired with, was not unworthy of the occasion. The winner of the medal this year is Sergeant Shell, The medal. which was manufactured in Sydney, is a very neat specimen of the silversmith's art. On the face of it is inscribed - " M. R. V. Musketry Instruction. Best Shot, 1874. Wop by Sergeant 1P. Sholl. Presented by Lieut. Hillman". In relief, on the reverse side, there is the figure of a volunteer rifleman, in uniform, kneeling in the act of firing. Below the figure is the well-known and appropriate legend of the British Volunteers "In Defence". The medal is really worth the labor involved in winninglit. The donor is a gallant officer who is the type of many others connecced with the Volunteer service, who not only gives a large amount of time to themovement, but dip their hands pretty deeply i their pockets to provide the publicwith a valuable auxiliary defence, all the expenses of which ought to be defrayed out of the general tax ation of the country. The Georgette, last month, brought the electro-plated break. fast and tea service, purchased in Syney, by subscription raised among the members of the M.R.V. corps, and which is to be fired for. Thiey tell me it is very elegant. Cap tain Birch kindly invited me to inspect it many days ago, but I have not yet done so. When I do, like Captain Cuttle, I'll take q note of it, and give you further particulars. Within the last few years a new form of combined instruction and amusement has been brought into voguein the Old country, and is proving very successful, particularly with the young. It is kriown by the name of SERVIGE OF SONGo. Oratorios and similar high-class music re. qire a cultivated taste fully to appreciate, and therefore pass over the heads of the the young folks; but of late years cantatas have been prepared and specially written on many of the subjects of our ora torios, and indded on other interesting sub jects, consisting of much simpler kind of music ;'in many instances entirely of music well known to most of our religious congre. gations' and Sunday bchools, interspersed with appropriate readings, by which means the particular story is maintained throughout and thus by solos and part songs, and alter nate readings, a very pleasant two hours is spent. ' The Rev. Mr. Meadoweroft, the pastor of the Congregational Church, here, and his singing class, are, Ibelieve, the only ones who have availed themselyes of this power in the colony as yet. It is not long ago since they performed "f The Pilgrims Progress " and f'The Prodigal Son," at their own place of worship, and on Thursday evening last, the latter service was repeated to a crowded audience at Wesley Chapel, when the old, old story of the Prodigal was told with a power and a ppthos which de lighted all who heard it. THe GOVERNMENT ROEBOURNE CUTTER has been launched, equipped, and manned. She will, probably, sail for her destination the Pearl Fishery--ere these lines are in print. Although not a very handsome model of naval architecture, she is not a bad specimen of colonial ship- building. The work, I have reason to believe, has been faithfully carried out by the contractor, Charlie Watson. She is built of jarrah, is copper fastened to the water line. Her spars are of Norfolk Island pine, and her deck is of the same material. Her length between perpendiculars is 40ft.; breadth of beam, 12ft. 6in.; depth, 5ft. 3in. She is provided with a very commodious cabin, fitted up with sleeping berths. There is also a capacious water tank on board. The Pearl-for that is her name-only draws 4ft. 6in. in sailing trim, and is therefore ad- mirably adapted for harbors with bars or shallow water. O.?aR REGATTA is fixed to take place on the ninth of next month, and our metropolitan youth are pre paring to undergo the ordeal technical y known'as'trainiPg. Now, training is a the, ouolf nuisance. The household is upset, because the sons must eat this and cannot drink that, the youthful giant refusing to cat beef uhless it be raw, and bread unless it be brown, and a shudder running through his frame should' his attention he directed td a square inch of jam tart. The hopeful himself dwindles unider the process. lie is afflicted commonly with one of the curses wfith whicli "oses smote the stiff necked Egyptians-to wit, boils. His temper is cap; ricious, and he becomes as wan-visaged as lover. His life surely cannot he happy to himself, while, I should think, it must be t blight upon his friends and acquaintances. But I believe many crack crews row-a day dispense with the old-fashiou I system of training, and bring th'eniselves into fine con dition by following the ordinary rules of healthy living-plenty of good food, plenty of fresh air, a fair amoiunt of exercise, and above all, abundance of sleep., The greatest athlete of the age, Captain Barclay, has just put on record how he othlaied the first con dition of his life, just before one of his mns prodigious feats. IHe had spent some mouths in the Scotch Highlanil, grouse shooting an4 deer- stalking; to bed with the disappear. ance of the sun, and up as soon as the " glorious god of day " had warmed the mountain, and doing a sportsman's justice to, the simple meals pliced before him. Suclf a life gave Barclay his first condition. The young men of Perth who follow his hints will not cometo the post on the Prince of Wales's birthday as white as ghosts. nor ap the end of the ?ull will they faint ovinr their oars. A MELANCHOLY PARAGRAPH. It embraces the record of an awfully sud den death andof acase of self destruction, 0i Wednesday morning 14th inst.p shoemaker. named Casey, was playing with some of liss children in front of their house, when he was suddenly attacked by a violent pain in his left side. The unfortunate man had barely reached the door of the house whll he fell down dead, another victim to heart disease. The suicide was a man named Dempsey, a tailor by trade. On Monday evening about nine o'clock he quietly walked down Barrack Street jetty, and deliberately jumped into the river. A boatmrn named Brown heard the unfirtunate take the fatal plunge, aundimmediately went to his assist ance. He was promptly conveyed to thQ Colonial Hospital, where he died from thle effects of his rash act. Various reasons are assigned for his committing self-destruction, among others delirium tf er~ens, remorse aris ing out of the course of life he had recently been leading, and 'disappointme. t. '" Of their goods and bodies," writes the wise old Burton when discoursing on suicides, " Wi.e can dispose i but what shall become of theip souls, Heaven only can tell; mercy mnay come, inter pontenm et fontem, inter gladium etjugulunm, betwixt the bridge and the brook the knife and the throat. Who knows how he may be tempted. It is his case ; it may be thine. We ought not to be so rash and rigorous in our censures as some are. Charity syill judge best. God be iperciful to us all." TuE DoG NUISANCE remains unabated. A few days since t Mrs. Salt applied to the Police Magistratp for a summons against a man named Hard wick for allowing a savage and ferocious specimen of the canine species to Foam at its own sweet will. The dog, a veritabli glutton, had not only destroyed and eat one of the poor woman's fowls, but purloined a piece of beef weighing six prunds. The summons was'granted, and I am glad to hear that His Worship expressel his determina tion to do allin his power to suppress the in sufferable nuisance created by vagrant and unlicensed dogs who Ihave no visible means of subsistence. I can understand a dog being licensed to live, and eat scraps-- lsimnestly obtained-and sleep, and bite thieves, but surely he cannot be licensed to endanger the lives of people who ride on spirited horses or to keep scores of unoffending families awake all night, and every night, for the sole gratification of his vocal propensities. If there be one thing to which a British sub ject has a right it is to his quiet snooze at the end of his day's work ; yet in many parts of this undisciplined city no sooner is your head laid on the pillow than a score qf dogs, of every vile sort and deecription, froin a mongrel-mastiff to a yelping cur, conq-. mente concerted music in parts, solos, and choruses. What astonishes me, who ten derly lovea snooze, is, how on earth the ip. human deaf ogres who own these nuisances lull themselves to sleep by what tortures a whole neighborhood. If a dog of mine were to set up to yelp and howl for nothing, all night, I would provide him forthwith withl abundant cause; and one good lesson with a horsewhip would make liin carefully dise criminate between barking o duty and for amusement, IROULETTE. Ilook upon au intelligent and conscien: tious police constable, or sergeant, as a pub lic servant worthy of more than his hire, and one to whom the respect and gr.ititude of the public are due. I place the head of our detective force, Mr. towie, in this class, but surely that valuable officer allowed his anxiety to assert the dignity of his office tq overcome his discretion, when he obtained a summons, under the 19th sec. of the 25itl Vie., No. 3, against a gentleman of aspecula tive disposition rej:iicing in the name of Hugh Finn, for that he. the said HIugh Finn did, on therifle range on Mount Eliza, on the day of the recent anniversary prize firing of the MI.R.V., " use for the purpose of play, a roulette table, contrary to the form of the statute in that case mnade and pro vided." Mr. Hugh Finn, in due course, made his bow to IIis Worship the Police IMagistrate, and was informed that under the section of the Police Ordinance' )vhiclm the summons had been issued provided that any person convicted of an offence similar to that with which Finn was charged should be committed to prison as a rogue and vagabolh d for a period of three montiis. The sergeait did not press the charge, content with the hope that the case would be a warning to Mr. Finn, and to others who may be inclined to defraud little boys out of their penmies by means of a roulette table. 