THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Duties or Ministers.—In another part of the paper we reprint from the Gasett6 the amended regulations for the establish ment of a regular and uniform system of conducting the public business of the pro vince, approved by the Governor in Execu tive Council on the 4th of July, The rearrangements that have been made are those which have been rendered necessary by the appointment of a sixth Minister, and it will be seen that they are of no great moment. As stated a few days ago in Parliament, Mr. ftondeyis to relieve the Chief Secretary of the charge of Education and the Institutes, the Commissioner of Crown Lands of the Northern Territory, and the Attorney-General of a certain undefined and, so far as we can judge, extremely indefinite portion of his duties. We had hoped that this list would have furnished a more explicit statement of the functions of the Minister of Justice than that given to the Assembly by Mr. Blyth, but it does nothing of the kind. It does not assign to him the position of a law officer of the Crown, and it is silent as to the work that is to come before him in the "Justice" department; The general announcement is made that he is to conduct all public business connected with and to manage matters affecting the Northern Territory, but that is all. It may be mentioned that by virtue of the responsibilities conferred upon him the new Minister, in addition to Ms other appella tions, is entitled under an Act of 1872 to the name of Commissioner of the Northern Terri tory. Meecjatxle Mabine Issorasce Com pany.—We have been favoured with a glance at the balance-sheet of this Company for the half-year ending June 30. On the credit side we note the following items:—By balance, £49,835 8s. 5 deducting reinsurances, discounts, and re turns, £28,460 5s. 9d.; interest, £2,526 12s. Id.; transfer fees, £3 Is.—total, £80,825 7s. 3d. On the debit side there are:- To divi dend, £6,250; Reserve Fund, £5,000; ex penses, £1,018 11b. lid.; Directors' fees, £127 Is.; agency expenses, £1,638 0b. 6d.; general losses account, £24,655 18s. lOd.; balance, £42,135 15s. From this it will be seen that the actual net profit upon the half-year's operations is £3,550 6s. 7d>, in addition to wnich there is the sum of £38,585 8s. 5d. standing under the head of unappropriated balances to carry forward. The assets stand at £112,876 9s. 6d., being chiefly com posed of the following:—Investments in mort gages, £60,250; Government bonds, £25,528 2s. 6d,; Bank deposits, £7,671 15s. 6cL; agents' balances, £14,723 19s. 7d.; cash in Banks, &c.;, £4,702 lis. lid. The liabilities comprise the capital of the Company, wMch is set down at £50,000; Reserve Fund. £20,000; and sundry creditors, £740 14s. 9d. The Directors have declared an interim dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. Impboved Wool Pbebs.—Any one who has witnessed the transport and shipment of the ordinary wool bales, especially at the outports where conveniences are limited, will understand the advantage of any means which can he provided for making up the produce in smaller packages before it leaves the station. The ordinary screw press has hitherto been too unwieldJy to come into genera] use, but we understand that improvements effected by Mr. J, M. Linklater are likely to prove eminently beneficial to woolgrowers and shippers. The principal improvement consists in working the screw by means of a nut, instead of in the customary way, and this -can be done without requiring such a* lofty shed as is necessary with the common kind. One of the improved presses has just been com pleted under Mr. Linklater's directions at Messrs. A. Jones & Co.'a foundry, and orders have already been given for two or three more. The advantages claimed are that the new appliances will permit of_ the wool being pressed on the station to the size of the dump, ready for shipment, and as a consequence some trouble and expense in carting and ship ping will be saved, and besides, there will be the advantage of getting rid of the iron hoops, which, in addition to their liability to burst, often through rusting, injure the wool. The packs for the screw-press beiiw shorter and of better quality, enable the wool to be done up in sound square packages without any iron binding. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, July 4, were: —Births—Males, 158; females, 160. Deaths— Males, 66: females, 44. Total—Births, 318; deaths, no. Excess of births, 208. The District of Adelaide.—Births—Males, 24; females, 19. Deaths—Males, 14 ; females, 8. Total—Births, 43; deaths, 22. Excess of births, 21. Adelaide Hospital.—A meeting of the Beard of Management of this institution was held on July 10:—Number of patients admitted, 58; discharged 47; died, 1; now in Hospital, 118; out-patients prescribed for, 546. Fluke in Sheet.—The Government have ap pointed Mr. C. J. Valentine, Inspector of Sheep; Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., of Anlaby, and Mr. Allan Macfariane as a Commission to visit the Coorong, and report upon the sheep there which are said to be infected with fluke. The party started for their destination on Friday evening, and the Ministry expect to hear from them during the course of to-day. The Coolies for the Northern Territory. —The Southern Argus, understands from a private source that the coolies selected by Captain Douglas "are mostly experienced miners from the tin mines situated near the Banca Straits, and therefore cannot fail to prove an acquisition." Sudden Death at Waterloo.—John Bohm, a recluse, aged 65, died about midday on Satur day, July 4, in his bed, and a Coroner's Jury, over which Mr. J. Dawson, J. P., presided, re turned a verdict of "Died from natural causes." Sleep-Walking.—It is reported by the ATortl " a family residing in New Clare were somewhat alarmed on discovering that one of the members, a lad eight years of age, had risen from his bed during bis sleep, opened the doors, and wandered away. Search was made, but the night being dark it was a difficult task. The somnambulist made for a house at some' distance, knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates—two females—who on perceiving the ghost- like figure were considerably startled. The little fellow talked to them in a strange manner, seemingly unconscious. He was carried home by his parents and put to bed. On being questioned the next morning as to what induced him to go out, and how he felt, he seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having left his room." The Licensed Victuallers. —An adjourned meeting of this trade was held at the Clarence Hotel on Friday evening, July 10, when there was a large attendance. Mr. F. E. Bucknall presided, and the Committee lately appointed gave in the report of their canvass of the publicans regarding the prices of liquors. The report was considered very favourable, and it was resolved that the list agreed to be forwarded to all licensed victuallers in Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and the suburbs. The Gawter Soap Woees.—Regarding this institution the local paper of July 10 says:— " The premises and various appliances have been considerably enlarged, and the power of produc tion increased accordingly: and, what is highly gratifying, Gawler soap has actually become already an article of export, shipments of it being in request far beyond the limits of the Australian Continent. It is satisfactory to add that the spirited and enterprising proprietor has succeeded to a great extent in counteracting the effluvia at first connected with the soap-making process at this new establishment of colonial industry." Mil. J. J. D. Jeksisgs—The latest issue of the Good Templars* organ remarks:—" We are glad to be able to congratulate our friends in New South Wales on the establishment of the Grand Lodge; and we should not have said any thing further on this subject had it not been for what all must certainly admit to be the extra ordinary conduct of the first G.W.C.T. in this colony, Mr. Jennings. We should like to know by what authority he calls himself the District Deputy Bight WorthysGrand Templar of the South Australian Grand" Lodge. Wc do not wish to go into the many questions that were agitating the minds of many members of the Order before Mr. Jennings' departure from this colony ; but be thoy as they may, Mr. Jennings is well enough acquainted with the laws of our Order to know that there is no such officer as D.D.B.W.G.C.T. in connection with a Grand Lodge, and to the best of our knowledge he never held that position at all. His commission iu South Australia was that of a Special Deputy of the B.W.G.T., and we think it hardly likely that he has.received another commission since then. We'also notice that Bro. Wearne was elected District Deputy Grand Worthy Templar. There is no such office in a Grand Lodge, and we fail to understand what Mr. Jennings could mean by installing such an officer." Imebotjucehts at Moohta.—The Corporation is still working rigorously at Moonta and with . good offset. George-street is completed, and the footpaths and kerbing have beenbronght to one regular gradient, thus considerably impro ving this part of the town in appearanoe and comfort. It is the intention of several store keepers to at once flag their portions of the foot paths, the part in front of the South Australian Bank being already done. Other plaQes in the town are receiving marked attention. DINNEER TO MR. J. H. ROE. — On Tuesday evening, July 7, a complimentary dinner was given to Mr. John Henry Roe, J. P., upon his leaving Clare for West Australia. Nearly SO residents of the town satdowntoanexoellent spread provided by Mr. Ford. Mr. Hosier, the Mayor, presided, with the guest on his right, ana Mr. T. W. Powell on the left; Mr. J. M. Smith occupying the vice- chair, supported by Messrs. A. Young, J.P., and N. Le Feuvre. Mr. Powell proposed the toast of the evening. He bore witness, from his own experience, to the fact that Mr. Roe had discharged duties which were frequently unpleasant with impartiality, and acted with peculiar kindness mid thoughtf a! ness whichmade pains and penalties almost a plea sure. The genial spirit always shown by Mr. Roe had, the speaker remarked, won the affections of his neighbours, and their friend had their best wishes for suocess in whatever he did or wher ever he went. The proposer also referred to Mr. J. Forrest, the explorer, as having been well appreciated in Clare. The Mayor added that he had known Mr. Roe ever sinoe he him self was a boy. He was a regular South Aus tralian, one of the best-tempered men he ever met, as well as a good horseman. As an officer he had made as few enemies as it was possible to do. Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., at Hapunda, had telegraphed regretting that he could not reach Clare in time to be at the demonstration, as it was his wish to have been present. The senti ment _of Mrs. Roe was received with applause, especially when the 'rice-chair alluded to the many kind and benevolent actions by which she bad endeared herself to the inhabitants of the district. The Late Captain Cornelius.—By the North mail intelligence has reached Blinman of the sudden death at the Bollabollana Mine of Mr. Thomas Cornelius, who a short time since entered upon the management of the works. Three weeks since the deceased passed through Blinman on his way from Adelaide to the mine. The journey from the city was severe, the weather being very wet, and it is supposed that Mr. Cornelius must have taken a cold winch has resulted in his death. In Blinman the deceased was a resident for several years, and he was greatly respected. New Places of Worship at Moonta.— Sundry public buildings at Moonta are rapidly approaching completion, notably among them the Wesleyan new Church, which iscovered, and the ceiling of which is nearly finished. This is a handsome piece of work, there being an open roof inside of the hammer-beam class, and the 1 celling boarding being put on the diagonal, which plan changes the slepes ia each compart ment between the timber, and gives a light appearance. The timbers are elaborately moulded, and the whole are varnished without staining, thus greatly adding to the light look. The plastering is being done, and a beautiful bathstone window has" been fixed. Some of the outside ornamentation is completed, and gives promise of having great beauty when the whole shall be finished. The front of this building will show well, but the sides are buried by a dwelling house standing on one side and the old chapel on the other, consequently the building is partially hidden, and cannot therefore be seen as a whole. The Church of England new building is completed externally, and the plastering and inside work is being pushed on rigorously. The Bomau Catholic Church has also been plastered and ceiled and otherwise ornamented inside. It is now a very neat and comfortable little sanctuary. The Wallaroo Mike Men.—The chief topic of conversation on Yorke's Peninsula lately has been the decreasing the number of workmen at the Wallaroo Mines, and various are the opinions expressed. On Tuesday, July 7, about 40 of the men who had been put out of work went to Moonta seeking employment in excavating for the Government water tanks, and 23 were engaged next morning. They began operations at the tank furthest south, and the tank was to be commenced on Thursday, and the remaining two shortly. There is a promise of plenty of labour, as 60 men were refused on Wednesday, there being no room; but several more will be j employed forthwith. There was a little growling ; among those engaged at the announcement of the time of labour—viz., from 7 to 5, with one 1 hour for dinner and two smokes. They say it is too long for 7s. a day. Moonta agriculture and Floriculture.— The garden and farm crops around Moonta are only making moderate progress owing to the lateness of the season ana the absence of steady soaking rain; nothing but showers having fallen as yet, and the wind being dry and cutting at times. On Wednesday night there was a moderately good fall of rain, Tree-Planting.—It is gratifying to learn that a number of the farmers around Clare are paying a little attention to the'planting of gum-trees this year, and on the Hill River Farm especially a great number of different sorts of trees are being set out, many men being employed digging holes and putting in the trees. Country Schools.—With reference to Mr. Ryder's letter in Thursday's Register Dr. Jung, : jjhspector of Schools, has mentioned to us that he does not in Ms report censure the teachers, nor deny that many of the children have given satisfactory answers to his'questions. His re marks have reference only to the system of education hitherto pursued in the Government schools. Political Meeting on Troubridge Area.— Mr. T. Carlett presided at a meeting wMch has been held at the Melville Hotel, Yorketown. Mr. Wicks moved " That the Government should discontinue free immigration." Tins was seconded by Mr. G, Hart, An amendment, proposed by Mr. G. D. Sharpe, to the effect that the Government ought to continue free and assisted immigration, was seconded by Mr. J. McCallum, supported by Mr. JD. McCallum and Mr. Pannan, and carried by a large majority. The following propositions were also carried:— « That all country lands should be opened up at a set price of £1 per acre; that in case of simul taneous applications for the same sections, they should be decided by lot, instead of by auction as at present; that personal residence should be compulsory; that one-fifth of the land selected should be cultivated each year during the term of credit. The principal speakers were Messrs. Wicks, Burke, D. and J. McCallum, Sharpe, G. Hart, and Crozer. Cheers tor Mr. Ward, M.P., concluded an orderly meeting. Meeting op Cabmen.—On Tuesday evening, July 7, a meeting of owners of licensed cabs was_ held at the Cumberland Hotel to protest against the recently-amended Vehicle By-laws about to come into force in the city. There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. Whitig presided. The chief cause of complaint was against the new schedule, which provided that the cabman should if requested drive te any part of Rorth or South Adelaide at sixpenny fares, and should not be Mile to demand more than that rate, instead of being allowed, as under the old laves, to charge for mileage. It was pointed out that the effect ef being compelled to run the vehicles to all parts of the city, but more particularly RorGt Adelaide, irrespective of the number of passengers that might be con veyed, would be to reduce the receipts 50 per cent, or even more. Objection was also taken to Clause 60, which provided that the drivers should not accept any extra remunera tion for special services above the scale set forth in the schedule, and that if they did so, even upon the solicitation of a pas senger, the power was given to the passenger to lay an information against the driver. Several other clauses were complained of as being unjust, one-sided, and unworkable. A Committee, consisting of Messrs. W. P. Hill, Clothier, Madey, Maher, Hunter, and Maddern, with the Chairman, was appointed to memo rialize the Corporation to postpone the time for the Tenewal of the licences, and to agree to suggested amendments. Govebkment Takes.—Regarding reservoirs for water, the Yos-ke's Peninsula Advertise/*-, after mentioning that the tender of Messrs. Xettlet-on & Thorne had been accepted for the construction of the Government tanks at Moonta, the amouht being £5,200, says:—"The sites are to be the same as were originally decided upon by the Corporation and Government engineer. A communication from the office of the Kngineer-in-Chief to Mr. Crutchetfc informs him that the Government Clerk of Works was to leave Adelaide for Moonta on Monday morning, July 6. The excavation of the tanks is to be com menced immediately, and the work will be pro secuted with the utmost dispatch." . Plavikg with Powder.—It is mentioned by the local Press that a few .days since a lad named Luke found in the scrub, near Moonta, a miner's can, containing blasting powder. He was unable to resist the desire of seeing it go off, so pouring it on the ground he applied a match; but the explosion was quicker than he anticipated, and the consequence was -that his face got severely burnt. To relieve the smarting pain he ran to a pool of salt water, and bathing his face made matters worse by rubbing the skin off. Under proper treat ment, he is now in a fair way towards recovery. —Tiffi Suez Mail,—The Postmaster-General has received a telegram from GaUe, 'dated July 9, announcing that the Nubia aimed at 7 o'clock on that morning, and that theFera left for King George's Sound at fl p.m. on the 3rd instant. Ae the Inward ooeaa Bteamer left three days before her time, she may be looked for at GleneJg on Wednesday, the 22nd. Wedhebdat Night's Gale.—The storm of Wednesday night, July 8, or Thursday morning was so heavy as to blow down in one solid mass the upper portion of the eastern wall of Trinity Church parsonage into the adjoining premises occupied by Mr. Longson, of the Exchange. The Masxss Boabd.—Mr. G. S. Wright, Chief Clerk and Accountant in the Treasury, has been appointed Secretary of the Marine Board in succession to Mr. G. E. DeMole, now the Secretary to the Minister , of Justice and Education. Hessbs. Wabbkn& Cowan's Mill.—Although not planted amidst scenery calculated to impress the casual visitor with the sublimity of Nature's conceptions, the northern town of Two Wells is not devoid of interest, and in a commercial point of view it is an important plaoe, situated as it is in the centre of a large agricultural dis trict. The most conspicuous business establish ment in the locality is the mill of Messrs. Warren and Cowan, and as it is the only institution of the kind within a radius of 15 miles, the fanners in the surrounding districts of Dublin, Grace, Beeves Plains, and Port Gawler largely avail themselves} of the opportunity of getting wheat turned into flour, thus giving an impetus to the trade of the township. Were the roads less suggestive of ploughed fields after a deluge the -traffic would be increased and the benefit to the locality much greater, but the farmers com plain bitterly of the wretched state of portions of the main line over which they have to convey their produce. The mill is a substantial stone etructiire, baring four floors, and there are three wheat storerooms detached, capable of holding 70,000 bushels. The foundations for a bigger store are being laid, so that a much greater quantity of grain can be taken in either for sale, storage, or conversion into flour. In the mill the machinery is excellent, and all the necessary appliances for making first- class flour are provided. The engine is a horizontal one of 15 horse-power, and the boiler is 18 feet long by 5 feet 6 in. diameter. Four pairs of stones are kept going—three for flour and one pair for crushing horse-feed, for which there is a brisk demand. About 80 tons of flour are sent out per week on the average, and when in full work much more can be produced. About 15 men are employed in connection with the establishment, besides teamsters and other persons. Messrs. Warren & Cowan have a store at Port Gawler, and ship considerable quantities of stuff there. The road to the port .is, however, described as execrable, being swampy and full of holes. However, the people in the district, who are remarkably patient and hopeful, look forward to better times coming in regard to road matters. SOMHAMBtrxJSM.—A correspondent, " T. H.," referring- to the recent case of sleep-walking at Fort Adelaide, asks how the lady could hare been led to some place of safety without waking her. The following extracts from a treatise on Physiology, by Dr. J, H. Bennett, F.R.S.E., contain information on the whole subject of somnambulism, which probably will be of general interest. The writer says:—"The peculiarity ot this state consists in the mind being wholly occupied with one idea or train of thought, to the exclusion of all other considerations. Thus there may be complete insensibility to bodily pain, to loud sounds, flashes of light} or other ordinary stimuli; although whatever is spoken or done in harmony with the subject thought of is heard and appreciated, often with unusual acuteness. We can frequently change the current of the ideas by. audibly suggesting others, when all the feelings and emotions in connection with the new subject are called into action, to the ^elusion of those which previously existed. Thus if the attention be strongly fixed on a distant object, impressions made on the skin will not induce sensation; but if the atten tion be directed to the skin, its sensibility often becomes wonderfully excited, and pain is expe rienced from the contact of bodies that, under ordinary circumstances, would hardly be felt. The same rule applies to all the other senses. In the same manner the reasoning power is often increased on a particular point, and a variety of things performed, or movements, gone through, that the individual otherwise could never have accomplished. Some men perform all the acts which at the time are suggested to them, or describe the various scenes which in imagination are placed before them. . . . None of these acts and ideas are remembered in the ordinary waking condition, although when again thrown into a similar state, they may be taken up and continued. Such a person may be said to have two kinds of memory—one when awake, and one when dreaming; or, as it has been called by some, a double {consciousness. Somnambulism may come on involuntarily, at regular or irre gular periods, or it may be excited artificially, In either case it may be accompanied by various nervous phenomena, denominated catalepsy, trance, ecstacy, and so on." The Adelaide Hospital. — The following sums of £5 and upwards have been lately received by Mr. J.' B. Champion, the Col. lector for the Hospital:—£20—National Bank; £10 each—From JSnglandper Canon Dove, Kent Town Wesleyan Church per Rev. W, L. Binks, Gleeson & Beare, Anstey & Giles; £8 Is. 10d.— Yankalilia Institute; £8—Andrews, Thomas, and Clark; £5 5s. each—S. Drew & Co., Mayor of Adelaide, Proprietors of Canowie, J. Taylor, Pine-street Wesleyan Church per Rev. J. Bick ford, J. Hart & Co., J. Sauerbier, Chambers and Blades, fiurra Burra Lodge; £5 each—Saddle worth District Council, J. L. Young, and A. Mackenzie. Licensed Victuallers' Association.—The monthly Committee meeting of this Society was held on Thursday, July 9, at the Clarence Hotel; Mr. F. E. Bucknall, President, in the chair. There was a good attendance. A deputation appointed to wait upon Mr. Simms, M.P., inti mated that they had prepared a numerously signed memorial to be presented by that gentleman to the House of Assembly. The Secretary mentioned that the Association was in a flourishing condition, having a good surplus at the Bank, which the trustees were instructed to invest. The following persons were elected as members Messrs. W. Tucker, Prince of Wales, Alberton; C. Beckmann, Flagstaff Hotel, Ade laide; J. Smith, Ship Inn, Port Adelaide; R. Taylor, Daly Arms, Penwortham; M. Ryan, Black Eagle, Sevenhills A. Stewart, White Hart, Aberdeen; W. Hodge, Adelaide Hotel, Adelaide; H. Tidy, Devon Arms; W. Ridgway, New Wheatsheaf Hotel, Virginia; A Hammond, General' Havelock Hotel, Adelaide; H. Peet, Newmarket Ian, Adelaide; J. Robinson, Thistle Inn, Adelaide; and H. Hanson, Cumberland Hotel, Glanville. Mb. Fmrclocgh AT GaWLER.—In conse quence of the extremely unfavourable weather there was not a large attendance at the recitals in Gawler. Those who were present, however, by their rapt attention and hearty applause showed bow much they appreciated his talent. Just before the close of the entertainment an : influential deputation waited upon Mr. Fair clougb, and, in reply to their request, he gave notice that he would again appear in Gawler ; when, should the weather prove tine, he wil!, it is believed secure an audience worthy of him. Forging and Uttering.—This offence is apparently becoming common among the youth of our city, for within a week or so three cases of this character have been brought before the Adelaide Police Court. On Thursday morning, i July 9, Richard Vine was committed to the Supreme Court on two counts, charging him with forging and uttering a cheque on the Bank of Adelaide for £3, and another for £1 15s. In one instance Vine went, on July 4, into Messrs, Gault & Co.'s establishment, and presented in payment for goods a cheque alleged to have been drawn by Mr, F. W. Lindrum, of the Clarence Hotel, though the signature was "A. Lindrum," and endorsed by "A.Giles," which name the prisoner gave as his own. The other alleged attempt to victimize was made upon Mr. Saul Solomon, draper, of fitndley street, on July 2. Hete the lad acted as in the former case. The signature purported to be that of Mr. H. Henderson, and the en dorsement was in the name of Allen Daws. The cheques were dishonoured at the Bank, and information having been given to the police, the youngster was captured at Glenelg. He first led the local police-con stable a smart chase, and then took refuge behind a house, whence he was quiokly dislodged and conveyed to Adelaide. Seven Bank-notes and some sundries were taken from prisoner's pockets. The Weather.—The Torrens was unusually high on Thursday morning, July 9, at the City Bridge, thus indicating heavy rains in the hills. Forgery.—Richard Viae, aged 18, has been arrested on a charge of forging cheques, bearing the names of Mr. R. N. Gault and Mr. Saul Solomon, to the extent of £4 las. He was brought before Mr. Beddome at the City Police Court on Thursday, and committed to the Supremo Court for trial. Gas.—The Moonta Gasworks are being vigorously proceeded with at the local Com pany's grounds and in the streets. Gas, it is promised, shall be supplied in about three or four months. This will be a great convenience to the townsfolk, and it is hoped that the enter prising promoters of the scheme and share holders will be amply rewarded by a financial A Gaol Bibd.—At the CSty-FoHee Goort -on Wednewlay morning, July 8,/EJiiabeth Warne, a notorious resident is Waft Adelaide, was: charged with using insulting language. The defendant protested against the information with an assumption of righteous in digestion that almost drowned the voices of the witness who Bought to oast a shadow upon her character, "Whan, however, Mr. ^ Boddonio ofcd&od.; bsr to pay ftnfl reminded the defendant that was not her first appearance before jiiw, A, changed her tactics, and fixe following dialogue took placei— Warne—"So you'll fine melOe., will youf The Magistrate—"\Yes." Warne—«' Well, I suppose it don't much matter. I've beat in gaol 10 times, and 1 guess I've been fined mora «*"»» 20\. I'll soon be down here again." After apause 1 —" How long shall I have in gaol for it." Mr. Beddome—" Seven days." Warne—"Oh, that's all right, I'll soon take the 10a. out." (Laughter.) Biding upon Dbatshavts.—On Wednesday, July 8, two infonnations were heard at the City Ponce Court against drivers for riding on the shafts of their vehicles. A nominal fine of ene shilling was inflicted, and Inspector Peterswald explained that he had given instructions to the force that persons ridiag on the front ef wagons or drays having a footboard should not be pro ceeded against. If, however, persons stood on the shafts, there beiiig no footboard, he con sidered the practice very dangerous both for the drivers and the public, and in such cases would prosecute. The Coal Fleet.—The ships which have lately proceeded from Port Adelaide to New castle for coal have been subjected to con siderable detention, the facilities afforded for loading being unequal fio meet emergencies. The Mary Miller waB ten days waiting her turn, while the Laju was seven weeks, the Black Diamond liner Kndtnn. was 40 days, the J. L. Hall 35 days, and the Albuera tax weeks. The Model Schools.—We .are glad to see, from letters addressed to us by certain country teachers, that the Model School is appreciated and felt to he a useful and most valuable insti tution. Mr. Madley, the Master of the Model Schools, is also spoken of in very high terpos. RAILWAY TO THE MURRAY.—A correspondent (Hy. Ayliffe, Angaston), writing on the subject, says:—" I confess I am not very well acquainted with the line of country between Kapunda and the North-West Bend of the River Murray, but I believe it to be particularly barren and unpro- ductive. Now, although this might be in a pecuniary sense the least expensive way to carry it, I submit "cost" should not be the considera- tion over eligibility of country. Supposing, then, the line in question started from Breeding, with a station at Angas Park, and thence through Truro, with a station there, to Blanchetown, where it would join the river traffic, the following would be the advantages obtained:—The District of Nuriootpa—a wide and extensive one indeed—the Districts of Tanunda, Moorooroo, Angaston, North Rhine, South Bhine, Truro, Murray Flats, Dutton, Mount Rufus, Ac., would have an easy transit opened up to them for transporting their super abundance of grain to the Adelaide market, and thus have an opportunity of realizing the best prices." The writer also mentions several dor- mant mines which the line he advocates might bring back into work, and refers to the large amount of garden produce for which it would open a market. Fatal Occurrence near Port Augusta.— Between Stirling North and Port Augusta on ' Monday afternoon, June 29, Thomas Brown, aged about 25, was thrown with force from a horse. Dr. Cotter happened to be near the place at the time, and he sent his own horse with a messenger to Port Augusta for a vehicle wherein to convey the sufferer. A dray was procured, and the poor fellow was taken to the Port, but died during Tuesday forenoon. It is stated that the young man never spoke after he was thrown. An inquest was held on Wednes day, July 1, and the verdict returned was " that the deceased came by his death through concus sion of the brain, caused by his accidentally falling from his horse on the Stirling-road." We iearn that the parents of deceased reside in Ade. laide. Lilliputian Circus.—The St, Leon troupe have been performing in outlying Northern districts, and had large attendances at Melrose and Port Augusta. Sudden Death at Melrose.—A man named Kenyon, aged 60, .died suddenly at Mount Remarkable on the 3rd instant. Mr. F. Grant, J.P., certified that there was no necessity for holding mi inquest in the case. Northern Territory Curiosities.—We are pleased to learn that Mr. B. H. Hallack, who was for many years an officer in the South Aus tralian Institute, has, while prospecting in the Northern Territory, made on behalf of science an interesting collection of specimens of natural history, which he has presented to the Adelaide Museum. The selection comprises, among various other objects, some rare land and sea shells, and a considerable variety of reptilia, which form a valuable addition to the institution. He has also secured a good lot of auriferous rocks carefully picked from various reefs. These samples exhibit a great variety of gold-bearing stones, and are both valuable and interesting as mineral specimens. They are, by Mr. Hallack's permission, now being exhibited in the Museum, where they can be Inspected by those taking an interest in mineralogy. Hunt Club Steeplechases.—We are re quested to call attention to the meeting which is summoned for Monday at the Globe Hotel to arrange the programme and conditions of the Steeplechases with which the Hunt Club, fol lowing the now universal rule in the old country, bring the season to % close. The meeting is called in ample time to allow hunters to attend the necessary number of meets to qualify them, and we believe that one or two alterations in the past programmes will be brought forward. These it is thought are calculated to add to the interest of the Steeplechases, and are suggested by precedents drawn from the practice of the leading Hunts in England and Ireland. A Bright Idea.—An amusing incident occurred on the main line from Virginia on Tuesday night, July 7- As the Yorke's Penin sula mail coach was rattling along a very dreary part of the road a loud hail came out from the darkness, and on the driver pulling up his team a man of a rueful countenance, with a patient horse beside him, said, in reply to the anxious enquiry if any ODe was hurt—"I've lost my hat." The driver seemed to think with the Das aengers that it was rather cool to stop Her Majesty's Mail in order to find a hat lost by a non-passenger, and so the omnibus went on again after the hatless, hapless traveller had been somewhat needlessly recommended to go home and put his boots on. Ice at Norwood.—The cold was so intense during Monday night, July 6, at Norwood, that , on Tuesday morning the surface of the water in a tank was found frozen to the thickness of about a shilling. In the bills, doubtless, the cold was more severe. Stabbing Case.—We hear that at the George town public-house, on Sunday, July 5. a man named Green, working, it is stated, on the Port Pirie Telegraph line, was stabbed in several parts of the body and in the stomach by Quigley, a wheelwright, in consequence of a quarrel among several persons who had been drinking. Painful Accident.—In its issue of July 7 the Kapunda Herald reported:—" We hear that a serious accident occurred to Mrs. Sexton, of the Light, on Sunday night. She had been attending a funeral, and was on her way home, when passing over the bad stony road near Mr. Crawford's, the axle of her vehicle broke, and we suppose she was thrown out. Shortly after mid night Dr. MacLachlan was milled to see her, and found Mis. Sexton's face in a frightful condi tion, the bone of her nose being smashed, the chin very badly cut, and one of the teeth pro truding through the lower lip." Sanitary Regulations.—In consequence of a reported case of smallpox in Newcastle, the Health Officer at Port Adelaide has deemed it necessary to inspect all vessels arriving from there prior to their proceeding into harbour. Proposed New System of Masking at Rifle MATCHEB.—The Volunteer Gazette states that it is proposed to substitute canvas for iron targets at Wimbledon, hat the change is not likely to fake plaoe just yet. The following is the descrip tion given of the new process of marking:— " In order to mark the shot on the new style of targets the marker is stationed in a trench, in which is placed a dummy target having a red bullseye so as to distinguish it from the real target, and crossed over with wire netting. When a shot is fired the marker hooks on the dummy, the diso showing the value and position of the shot, and by a simple contrivance the real target sinks into Hie trench at the same time the dummy target is raised to view, while the marker pastes a patch over the hole made in the real one. As eoon as this is done the target is raised into position and the dummy dis appears. As this system is very much like what has been in vogue for some time in the ' Carton shooting,* there does not appear to be much difficulty in working these details, but it is very evident that the markers must be carefully watched, as it will not be possible to detect care less marking, no report of the bullet baring struck the target being heard or seen, so that the firer must be entirely at the mercy of the marker." Civil Service Legislation.—The servants of the Government of Tasmania have petitioned to be brought under the operation of a special regulating Act. \- The Spidkb jUto Flt.—A rnehmcholy Inebriate told toMr. Beddeme a pitiful of adnhni . ■ confidence on Friday, July 3, but gnt little sympathy from Unit Magistrate. Hb stated, ia answer to a question—" Well. joar Woab^ all > I have to say is that X was walking atong, wbm I saw a constable standing on. the stop of the police-van. He kindly sua—* Would you. she a ride?' I- replied 'Tee,'and got up on the step beside him; hot no sooner was ItasretbaaJKi opened the door andpushed me in. drove me to the Station, and charged me with drnnkenneea." < Laughter.) He, aooording to his own account, injured man, instead of receiving condolence, had to pay 10s. after his in-voluntary ride in the Government conveyance, which, owing to its hearselike appearance, ought alone to have a tendency to cause depression of spirits. , QmsssB CocBTSmp.—We leam from the local paper of July 3 that there has been resident in Moonla for the past two or three yearn a " Heathen Chinee" rejoicing in the euphonious name of Ah Tooey, by which apjpellauon, bow ever, he has not been so generally known as by that of " John." "John, is a dealer in tea, drapery, and nicknacks, and keeps a well stored store in Ryan-street. But it is as a peri patetic vendor that John transacts most of his business^ his general practice being to close bis shop in the daytime end hawk his wares through out the mining townships. Bay after day, in sunshine and rain, John is to Do seen jogging along with a load at either end id bamboo heavy enough to break the hub of a donkey. John's circle of customers, con sisting principally of members of the fair sex, is extensive; Ins trade is thriving, and he is reputed to be ««W money. It has been rumoured—but we believe it to have been a scandal—that more than one young lady has thrown her cap at the almond eyed trader, but until within a short time mace the heart of Ah Tooey had been as hard and unimpressible to such advances as the nether | millstone. But John, was fated to make a fool I of himself; he was captivated by the bewitcheries i of a young lady—a stranger in the district—who ! came, saw, ana conquered. He told his love in pigeon-English, ana tis said she reciprocated [ the tender passion, or affected to do po. The upshot of it was—so the story goes—that they | agreed to be married. The bride-elect was engaged as ehopwoman by the bridegroom | expectant; he boarded with her mother, and : matters appeared to be going on swimmingly until Tuesday morning last when John was | petrified on discovering that his lady-love had 'bolted,' taking with her, as he says, £3 of his money and a quantity of goods. He soon found eut that she had gone by the Adelaide mail, and thereupon he gave information of | the affair to the police, who telegraphed to the trooper at Port Wakefield, where, on the arrival of the coach, the girl was arrested and was brought back to Moonta by the .return convey ance. All that day John loudly bewailed his loss, reminding one of Shylock's lament— " ' My daughter.! 0 my ducats! 0 my daughter! Justice! the law! my ducats,- aud my daughter!' On the following morning the oase came on for hearing at the Moonta Police Court, where Ah Tooey charged the girl with robbing him of £3; but the evidence adduced failed to connect her with the theft, and she was discharged. John left the Court seemingly quite satisfied of the truth of the "maxim eaperiontxa deed. On the following day the girl was brought before the Court on another information, charging her with robbjpg Ah Tooey of goodB to the value of £20. After a lengthened hearing of the case the Bench dismissed it." Obgan Recital,—The sacred concert aud organ recital given a fortnight ago in the Pirie atreet Wesley an Church was repeated on Friday evening, July 3. Though the weather was pro pitious, the attendance was scarcely so large as on the first occasion, when the winds and the rain seemed to have been doing their best {or their worst) to render the entertainment a failure. It is difficult to account for this anomaly seeing that the performances of Mr. W. B. Chinner on the first night were so very skilful and so much admired. Possibly Mr. Fairclougb, who on Friday evening again charmed bis admi rers by the display of his great accomplishments as an elocutionist, is responsible for tbis. The material organ with its thousand pipes is no rival to the human voice, since its appeals to the deeper sensibilities of our nature are compara tively but feeble and indirect. Those who were present, however, could have had no cause to regret their attendance. Every one appeared to thoroughly enjoy the music and to regret that the two hours of its continuance fled so quickly. The organist's mastery over the instrument seemed to be com plete. Occasionally, indeed, it was made to discourse such excellent music as to awaken reminiscences of the majestic tones heard in bygone days in the grand old Gothic Cathedrals of our native land. His selections included three or four of Batiste's splendid composi tions. His Andante in G {performed at the opening of the Melbourne Town Hall organ) was very warmly encored. The vocal portion of the concert comprised a rather choice variety of sacred songs, duets, Ac,, of a simple but pleasing and popular character. Two or three of these were also redemanded. The entertainment was over at a quarter to 10 o'clock. Weekly Half-Holiday.—The leading bum ness men of Gawler have started a movement for closing their shops every Wednesday after noon, as is done at Moonta and some other places. The bankers are understood to be favourable to the proposal. Singular Gunpowder Accident. — The Bunyip of July 3 reports that "on Sunday morning the son of Mr. Winter, of the Rose worthy School, met with a severe and somewhat remarkable accident. A few days before he had picked up a portion of the metal tube of a litho fracteur patent cartridge, and while probing it with a needle on Sunday the composition ex ploded, tearing the thumb and fingers of the youth's left band frightfully. Br. Popham was called in to the case, and found amputation of the thumb and two fingers inevitable, which operation he and Br. Lewis performed on Sunday, and the boy is doing well." Presentation.—The members of a young women's Bible Class, conducted on Thursdays, at Kapunda, by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, have presented that Wesleyan minister with a grateful address, accompanied by a handsome album containing a number of photographs. Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club. —1219 annual general meeting of this Society was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, July 3. Twelve members were present, and Mr. B. Y. Sparks presided. The balance-sheer, presented by Mr, W, Pope, the Hon. Treasurer, showed that the working materials, consisting of hurdles, &c.;, valued at £15, were in good order, that all debts had been liquidated, and that there was a credit balance of £50. The report was adopted. Mr. Sparks. having vacated the chair, proposed—" That the amal gamation of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club and the South Australian Cricketing Asso ciation would result in mutual benefit and success to the sports they encourage'and serve ; and that the Committee be empowered to make such arrangements as are necessary to carry out this resolution." The proposal was briefly discussed, and the general expression of opinion was against the suggested union, which it was considered would be impracticable according to the constitution of the Association. It was also urged that no' difficulty would be experienced in securing the use of the Oval. The motion was negatived. As Hon. Secretary Mr. Fred Ayers was re- elected, and the following appointments were also made:—Hon. Treasurer, Mr. H. F. Price; Committee, Messrs. W. Pope, J. M. Borrow, and J. "W. BakewelL In considering where the next field gathering should be held it was stated by Mr. Ayers that the Cricketing Association had offered the use of the Oval; hut the Club Committee, thinking the terms too high for a chance meeting, it being the first of the kind which would be held on the Oval, offered £10, with a promise to give £10 towards a pavilion, and a further bonus of £10 to tbe Association funds if the proceedings wore more than ordinarily successful. Nothing definite had been settled, but he had no doubt the Committee would be able to arrange for a meeting on the Oval if the Club desired it. He thought it would be* an advantage, as they would be able to receive all admission fees from spectators. Five new members were elected. It was resolved—" That any member failing to pay bin subscription for 12 months «h«U thereby cease to be a member, and shall not be eligible for re-election unless he pay a fine of 5s." A proposition to give trophy prizes in lieu of medals was lost. "The Meihodi£T Joubxal." — The first number of this weekly, conducted by Mr. T. S. Carey, formerly of the Mount Oambier Standard, has been issued. The introductory address refers to the position of the Weeleyan body in South Australia, glances at the history of the denomi national magazine, and states the reason for starting a religious newspaper. Doubtless diffi ! culties have been encountered in preparing for ; the public the opening number, yet there is much matter presented that will interest the people on whose - behalf the Editor Intends carrying out the duties of a literary caterer. The Executive. — The Governor held a Council on Saturday, at which five Ministers were present. The Executive.—The Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which fiveMhaitW^ were present. Arrival op Assisted Immigrants—Itvrill be sees that the Limari has arrived with 24 assisted passengers. Of these 14 are adults, including 1 enginefitter, 1 labourer, 1 plasterer, 1 blacksmith, 2 farmers, 1 mechanic, 1 brass worker, and 1 servant. The list is made up by a number of healthy children. Kobbing the Squares.—On Saturday after noon the policeman patrolling Victoria- square arrested a woman for robbing that reserve of growing plants. The constable took her to the station, where she was detained for a short time and then released, pending any action that may be taken by the Corporation, who ore the comptrollers of the squares. The flowering plants are not particularly choice, but they add greatly to the beauty of the " lungs of the city," and an example should be made of persons who indulge in such thefts. Port Adelaide Passenger Traffic.—The Saturday night traffic on the,Port line is steadily increasing. Although in order to meet the demands of the public mora trains than for merly are ran there is still a want of accomo dation on the road from the Port to the Sema phore. On Saturday evening there was bat one vehicle running, which was so overladen that several passengers were compelled to walk through the mud. Billiards ik Palmerkton.—In connection with what is called a " Temperance Bar" at Port Darwin, the subjoinednotice is advertised in the local paper:—"Cordials of every description. A first-class billiard-table is attached to the Bar, and the following is the programme of every week:—Monday, from half-past 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.—Devil's Pool. Tuesday—Do. do. do.— General Pool. Wednesday—Continental Game— La Roulette. Thursday—Do. do. do.—Baffle of Curios. Friday—Do. do. do.—English Game. Saturday—From 11 a.m. to 11 p.m.—Devil's Pool, General Pool, and La Roulette. Customers will always find civility. Good order kept." The New Minister's Officers.—An Executive Council was held on Saturday, July 4, when Mr. George E, DeMole was appointed Secretary, and Mr. H. Mulrhead, Senior Cadet in the service, was promoted to the office of clerk to the Minister of Justice and Education. The Rev. W. B. Andrews.—This clergyman preached farewell sermons at Christchurch, Mount Gambier, on Sunday, June 28, when upon the eve of leaving to take the incum bency of St. Bartholomew's, at Norwood. In the morning he preached from the words in Acts viii. 89—" And when they were come up out of the water the spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, and the eunuch saw him no mora; and he went on his way rejoicing." At night the sermon was based on the exhortation— *' Now consider what great things He hath done for thee" (1 Samuel xil. 24), National Ruxe Association. — The first practice match in connection with the National Rifle Association took place at the Butts, on the South Park, on Saturday afternoon, July 4, when there was an encouraging muster. There were ten competitors, including several new members, who in their firing promised well for the future. The Enfield rifle was used, seven rounds being allowed each man, and the ranges were 200 yards, 400 yards, 500 yards, and 600 yards. The shooting generally at the three first-named distances was exceedingly good—the aggregate average was 75 points. At the 500 ' yards range Mr. L. G. Madley made capital shooting, and scored 25 points. The best shooting at all the ranges was shown by Mr. Weidenbach, the winner of the Cup in the recent Intercolonial Rifle Match, who made an exceptionally good score of 89. The highest aggregate scores next to Mr. Weidenbach's were Mr. M. Leonard, 82; Mr. Madley, 81; Mr. Starnes, 75; and Mr. Pepper, 72. The weather was extremely favourable. Dr. Mayo (Vice President) and Captain Scott were present during part of the match. We understand that the Association, which has only recently been organized, bids fair to become strong in its members. It includes most of the crack shots of the colony. The first general competition for prizes it is expected will take place in October next. Sudden Death.—On Saturday evening, July 4, John Coward, an old colonist, died suddenly at his residence, Robert-street. The circumstances betug reported at the Police Office Dr. Mayo viewed the body, and certified that deceased had died from apoplexy. Mr. Coward was well known in Adelaide, having arrived in July, 1840, in the ship Fairlee. Bellfounddtg.—Mr. Harvey, Superintendent of the Wallaroo Smelting Works, has intimated his intention of presenting the copper necessary for the casting of a new bell for the Anglican Church, Moonta. The Wallaroo Times under stands that the bell is to weigh 200 lbs., and to be cast on the Peninsula. Impressions of the Northern Territory.— Mr. W. Wiles, formerly of Auburn, wrote as follows to us from Palmerston on June 5:— "According to my telegram I feel it a duty to give yon a few lines explaining more fully the position and character of the Northern Terri tory. I mentioned £80 worth of gold having been taken out in one day. I saw part of this washed myself, and since then the men have bad another good day's produce, fi2 ozs. There are other persons doing well, and, of course, more doing nothing. Every one here seems satisfied with the prospects. As to the reefs, the Union, Fountain Head, and sundry at Pine Creek, McMinn's, and others, are not only looking well, but I believe them to be first-class properties. I know of others which are not worth the paper the scrip was printed on, but the public ought not to condemn the good for the sake of the bad. They must not do as they have done before—jump in the dark. Men who talk of getting 100 ounces to the ton and expect to get it ought not to go into any Korthern Territory property; but tbose who should and the men who are wanted are those who know how to go to work in this enterprise and are satisfied with good paying dividends for the outlay of their capital We don't need those here who expect to realize the fabu lous things that were talked of; but there are needed common sense, patience, practical opera tions, and the men paid by cash in the Territory and not by Adelaide orders—then the Northern Territory would be right enough, I must point out to the unwary the caution that is needed before tbey rush here. They will have to sacri fice all the comforts of domestic life, fresh meat and vegetables, pay heavy doctors' bills if rick, perhaps, if a digging venture, work some time without getting anything, and pay for their supplies at such prices as those now on Sandy Creek, viz., preserved meat 3s. per 2-lb. tins, flour Cd, per lb., tea 3s. 6d., sugar Is., rice 9cL, tobacco 6s., and other things at about these rates. Persons coming must not spend their last shilling before they start. Unless they are engaged for Companies they should have at least iBlO in their pockets on landing and be prepared for a tramp of 100 miles. This all being accomplished, I regard the Territory as having a splendid show for the class indicated. I write from no selfish motive, but simply to put the public ou a fair understanding regarding the Territory." Mb. Gowling.—Under the heading 'VEiouth Australia" a report given by a paper published in St. Austell, Cornwall, sua:—"Mr. J. Gowling, the accredited travelling agent for the abpve colony, delivered in the Town Hall a meet interesting and instructive address on the ad vantages offered by the colony as a field for emigration. Although the weather was tempes tuous, and the notice calling the meeting short, there was a fair and appreciative audience, who testified frequently their approval of and interest in the subject and the manner in which it was handled. Mr. Gowling has a very pleasant way of his facts, ana does not too highly colour putting _ _ the subject—a failure common, to most speakers holding a similar mission. He speaks as a working man to working men, of whom generally his audiences largely consist; and we would say that if the majority of the working men who leave our shores for our colonies prove them selves such gentlemen, England has cause to bo Eroud of her colonists. The lecturer commenced y stating his own experience during a residence of twenty-one years in the colony, and from these facts_ drew the lesson that his present proud position of being chosen by the Govern ment of South Australia to go to England to ex plain to intending emigrants the position and attractions of the eolony was gained by steady perseverance and honest hard work. He first showed the geographical positioff of the colony, both with regard to the old country and to the other Australasian colonies, and said that although it was knownas South Australia the name was rather a misnomer, seeing that it extended from_ ocean to ocean across the Australian continent. The more proper name would be Central Australia." The account shows that the speaker referred to the size of the province, mentioning the area, described the natural features of the country, glanced at the Port Darwin Telegraph, dwelt upon the products of the land, enlarged upon the mineral wealth of the Yorke's Penin sula and other districts, and stated the exports of wool. It is stated that in the course of his remarks upon wages and agriculture, _"the lecturer instanced as to the success attainable in the cultivation of land the case of his brother, who wont to the colony some three years since, with a capital of about £130. He has grown wheat on increasing acreage each year, and has been enabled to pay for his land, amounting to £205, in the time mentioned, and has a hand some profit left. Similar to this can be done by all industrious and persevering men. Having shown the capabilities of the country, Mr. Gowling then explained how emigrants could get there." [ FIrb ax the How. Alexander Hay*r—On Sunday morning, July 6, a fire broke oat in n ; l haystack at linden, the residence of the Hon. A. Bay. A number of people from the neigh 1 bourhood wore speedily on the spot, and every effort was made to extinguish the fire, bat in vain. By active exertions a few tons of the stack on the side away from the fire were cat off i and removed to a safe distance, bat the balk of ! the hay, amounting to between 20 and 30 tons, was destroyed. The fire is said to have been caused by a little boy, son of a man who works for Mr, Hay, and who resides in a cottage close by the stackyard. The child managed to get hold of a box of matches, and either for sport j cr in ignorance of what he was doing, seems to ' have gone straight to the stack and set it on j fire. The Poet Pram Railway.—Mr. Bond, the contractor for the construction of this tine, com plains bitterly of the difficulties that he has found in getting sufficient and suitable labour for his important undertaking. For really food pick and shovel men he is paying a. fid. per day, but he states that iucapables and lazy people expect the same rate, and some of the persons who apply for employment are not to him worth half the amount if the result of their labour be con sidered. His latest experience with another class has put him to some inconvenience, and caused much annoyance. Having just bought eight additional heavy draught horsey which were wanted on the line, he engaged two men to take the teams to Port Pirie, promising to pay 8s. daily and road expenses, estimated at 5s. fid. more. The men promised positively to start early on Monday morning, July 6, and were to be then informed as to the exact route, the length of the stages, and the hotels at which they were to stop «i route. When the time appointed, however, arrived, the drivers did not appear. Mr. Bond had then to get the officials to telegraph alon? the Northern Railway for loose boxes to be sent to Adelaide, aud will have to forward the horses by train to Kapunda, near which town Mr. Bond has a farm. There Ids son, who will have to come from Port Pire, is to take the teams. The cost of sending the horses will now be 3s. per mile for 67 miles, and by the upsetting of arrangements and the loss of time which the breach of agreement will cause, it is stilted, will be more than a week. Drowned in the Murray.—Sadness has been caused at Blanchetown owing to the death there by drowning of Mr. James Brand, a well-known resident on the River Murray. Mr. George Wade states that as he and Mr. Brand were about starting, a little before 12 o'clock on the night of July 1, from one side of the Murray to i the other, the deceased, who had been in their 1 boat, suddenly disappeared, and although he j called, asking him to catch hold of the boat, nothing of him could be seen. ' Police-trooper | Ewens was immediately on the spot, and after two hours' search with such appliances as he had at disposal brought the body to the shore. Mr. E. Heywood, J.P., having made enquiries, con sidered a formal inquest needless. The deceased was greatly esteemed by the people of the dis trict, his genial disposition and obliging manners having endeared him to alL The name of Brand is a household word on the river, the family having resided at the Overland Corner for upwards of 18 years. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents, now well-stricken in years. The last sad rites were performed by the Bev. R. L. Coward, uncle of the deceased, who in the evening gave an impressive discourse. Roman Catholic Item. — Miss Beechinor, niece of the Bishop of Hobart Town and of the Lady Superioress of the Presentation Convent, and sister of Fathers Beechinor, of Hobart Town and Campbell Town, died suddenly at Launceston on June 21. She took the white veil on May 21 at the Church of the Apostles there. She had been ailing for some time from English cholera, and was recovering when death suddenly called her away. The funeral was marked by much ceremonial. Norwood Baptist Church.—The anniversary sermons of the Sunday-school connected with this Church were preached on July 5—in the morning by the Rev. J. L. Parsons; afternoon, to the young, by the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A.; and at night by the pastor, the Rev. H. J. Lambert. On Tuesday tea served in the Lecture Hall was followed by a public meeting in the chapel. There was a large attendance, and Mr. G. S. Fowler presided. The report on the state of the school was encouraging. It stated that the average attendance of scholars had been 141 and of teachers 14. The issues from the. library during the year reached 1,600 volumes, and numerous religious publications had been sup plied at English prices to the children. The accounts showed a small balance on the right side. It was mentioned that some additions to the Church membership had been made from the school. Mr. F. Hann, the Superintendent, having resigned, owing to a pressure of other duties, the President and Acting-Superinten dent, the Rev. H, J. Lambert, on the part of the teachers and scholars, presented Mr. Hann with " Dr. Smith's Dictionary of the Bible," in three vols., also two other works, as a mark of ; esteem and affection. The Revs. W. P. Wells, A. Scales, T. Hope, and E. F. Kingdon then spoke, and several Sunday-school hymns were sung by the children. Anniversary. — On Monday, July 6, the annual tea and public meetings of Chalmers Church were held. At the latter gathering there was a fair attendance. The Rev. J, Davidson, the pastor, who presided, offered con gratulations on the prosperous state of the Church, and stated that, besides the usual Sabbath services, devotional exercises had been held on Wednesday evenings, when lessons from the lives of persons mentioned in the Old Testa ment were inculcated. Every endeavour was made to render these attractive, and if the attendance were larger the people might expect greater success. The Bible Classes had been kept up, and the uniform attention manifested was spoken of in high terms. Ho recommended the younger portion of the congregation to cultivate the faculty of singing, especially with reference to church music. It was mentioned that though the pastor was connected with the Adelaide University Association, yet the duties attaching to this position had not encroached upon the time generally de voted to the interests of the congregation, and they might rest assured that whatever steps the minister might take, their welfare would be studiously considered. The Young Men's Society had been reconstructed upon what appeared to be a more satisfactory basis than that on which operations had formerly been conducted. The readings and debates that were instituted bad, he hoped, proved interesting and instructive. The Sunday-school now numbered from 180 to 193 scholars, and there were 15 teachers. An effort had been put forth to liquidate the debt of £400 remaining on the church, and he was glad to report that that sum had been raised. The receipts for the year had amounted to £1,171 5s. 4<L, while the expenditure had reached £1,169 6s. 2d., thus leaving a credit balance of £1 19s. 2d. The Rev. P. Maolaren then delivered his euter« taining lecture, entitled, "The Cherubim" He exhibited coloured diagrams illustrative of the various symbolic forms of the cherubim, seraphim, and teraphim, as conceived by the quaint imaginations of the ancients, which led them to combine in one grotesque figure portions of different species of the human and brute creation. The speaker instanced the numerous theories that obtain as to the identity of the cherubic representations referred to in the Old and New Testaments in connection with various scenes and visions. With regard to the four living creatures mentioned in the Book of Revela tion as surrounding the Great Throne, he sug gested that they were typical of the four Evangelists, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John— the Beast, having a man's head, being an emblem of wisdom; that with a lion's, energy and enter prise; an ox's head meaning endurance and strength, and the eagle-headed creature indicat ing swiftness and daring. The address, which was delivered in a lucid style, was attentively heard. The proceedings were enlivened by musical selections performed by the choir. Heller Not Dead.—111 contradiction to a paragraph quoted from a Chinese paper report ing the death of Heller, the conjuror, a Lancas terian has sent to us advertisements cut from the Mancketter Courier of Hay 2, showing that Heller's wonders were then being exhibited in Manchester, a sufficient proof that the wizard was not dead at a date some months subsequent to his reported violent end in Mexico. Benevolent and Strangers' Friends So ciety.—The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting on Monday, July 6, at the Church Office, Mr. T. Neil presiding. The Treasurer's minute showed a balance of £43 9s. 9cL Several cases of distress were brought forward by different members, and £1 15s. was voted to relieve three of them. The Rev. J. Jefferis resigned his seat on the Committee. Each of the Committee was empowered to draw 10s. in cases of emergency during the month. Canals.—While the House of Assembly here is considering a proposition for a canal from the Semaphore to the Port the people of Emerald Hill, Victoria, have passed a resolution declaring the construction of a ship canal from Hobson's Bay to Melbourne highly desirable. Mounta Water Supplt. -The tender of Messrs. Nettlcton & Thome, builders, Moonta, for the construction of the Government water-tanks at Moonta, for the sum of £5,200, has boon ac cepted. Accident.—Mrs. SarfielJ, of Gawler, was received into the Adelaide Hospital on Monday, July 6, suffering from a fractured hip caused by a fall in her house. ; CtoOLIES FOB THE NORTHERN TeRBHOBT.— The Commissioner of Crown Lands has received a telegram from Captain Douglas, at Singapore, announcing that his arrangements with respect to the engagement of cheap labour for the Northern Territory were nearly completed. He has chartered the steamer Vidar for transport purposes, which will carry about 200 Coolies, who will be accompanied by head men to act as captains, and provisions for six months will be taken. The Vidar is engaged to leave Singapore on the 14th inst., so that by the end of the present month she maybe expected to reach Fort Darwin. The Commissioner has instructed the Govern ment Resident and the Architect at Palmerston to make preparations for the reception of the Cooties, and in the event of the Gold Companies not requiring, them all to have some work ready on which they can be placed. The special undertaking Mr. Ererard indicated is the making of a good practicable bush road from Southport to the diggings, and the construction of rough bridges over the creeks. This intelligence will be very gratifying to all concerned in the Terri tory, and it is to be hoped that the introduction of Cootie labour will be followed by beneficial results. Ship Sale.—We hear that the fine ship Lufra, now at tho Company's Wharf, Port Adelaide, changed owners on Tuesday morning, July 7, Mr. McGregor, of Tasmania, now on a visit to Adelaide, being the purchaser at £11,000. It is, we believe, Mr. McGregor's intention to trade with the Lufra between Hobart Town and London. Awfully Sudden Death.—At North Ade laide, on Monday afternoon, Mr. Joseph Stace, bootmaker, of Finniss-street, had been with his son plastering the front of his cottage, and shortly after 5 o'clook his son left for a short time. On returning in a lew minutes he saw his father lying upon the ground, and on speak ing to hi™ found he was dead. The bursting of a cancer in the stomach was the cause of death. Mr. Stace was one of the early colonists, having arrived here in the ship Coromandel in 1837. Dr, Gunson certified that an inquest was un necessary. The deceased, who was 61 years of age, has left a widow and several grown-up children. The Netherlands Steamers.—We learn that the Glendarroch — a steamer recently built in Scotland—will leave Batavia on the 15th inst. for Adelaide, via Cape Leuwin, and after calling at Melbourne and Sydney she will return by the Torres Straits route, calling at Pert Darwin. The GlendatToch is of 1,200 tons register, is a twelve-knot boat, and may therefore be expected here by the end of the month. She is a sister steamer to the Sunfoo, which was lately lost in the Gbinn. Seas, and belonged to the same owners—the Netherlands Indian Steam Naviga tion Company. The Eastern Extension Australasian and China Telegraph Company.—The number of paid telegrams transmitted through this Com pany's cable, from Port Darwin, for the week ending Friday, July 3, was divided thus:— Sent from the Sent to the South Australia ... Victoria New South Wales... Queensland Tasmania ... ... New Zealand Western Australia.. Colonies. Colonies. 9 6 25 46 28 17 6 5 1 _ 9 Totals 69 83 Grand total, 152. The Northern Areas.—The Clare Press has been inforrfied that the crops on the areas are looking healthy and forward, and a good season is anticipated. Determined Attempt at Suicide.—John Allen, living near the Reedbeds, attempted to destroy himself on Tuesday, July 7, by filling his mouth with gunpowder and lighting the combustible with a fuse. His face was terribly disfigured and mutilated. He was taken to the Adelaide Police Station at about 9 o'clock, and the sergeant in charge at once dispatched him to the Hospital,' where his wounds received at tention, but his injuries are considered by the medical authorities so serious that they must almost certainly prove fataL The Lynch Family.—These bellringers re turned to the city on Tuesday afternoon, July 7, from a successful up-country tour. During the month they have been away the troupe have visited Yorke's Peninsula, Clare, Burra, Ka punda, and Gawler, besides other places, in all of which they have been warmly received and awarded crowded houses. At Gawler on Satur day evening there was a first-rate attendance, and again on Monday the largo hall of the Institute was crammed, many persons hardly finding even standing room. To-day the family will start for a short trip through the Southern and South-Eastern Districts, going as far as Mount Gambler, and returning by steamer. They will give another short series of entertain ments in Adelaide before leaving for West Australia and the East. The Lynch Family, standing high as they do in their peculiar line, have been well appreciated here. Embezzling.—At the Echuca General Sessions lately Carl A. Schaeffer, late bookkeeper to Messrs. Wm. McCulloch & Co., and formerly in the employ of the South Australian Insurance Company, was charged with embezzling .£3915s. on the 24th December, 1873, and £14 on the 15th May, 18/4, of the moneys of his employers. The prisoner pleaded guilty on both counts, and the sentence was that on the first count the prisoner be kept to hard labour on Victorian roads for two years; and on the second count a similar punishment, making four years." Roman Catholic Liabilities—The collec tors for the liquidation of the debt on the Roman Catholic Diocese of Adelaide held a meeting on Tuesday evening, July 7, at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, to consider a balance-sheet submitted by His Lordship, Dr. Reynolds. It was con sidered very satisfactory, and the meeting de cided to publish it for general information. Meeting of Miners at Kadika. — The Moonta paper states that Ring-ho ! was sounded through the Wallaroo Mines on Monday, the 6th inst., and in accordance with the call a con siderable number met on the flat at 3 o'clock. The meeting was called to consider the course of action adopted by the Manager in stopping Eeveral pitches on the mines, thereby causing about 130 men to be thrown out of employ. The grounds of grievance appear to be as follow:— " The pitches thus stopped are considered by competent judges to be really good ones, and consequently remunerative to both employed and employer. The conclusion arrived at was that five men chosen from the miners now out of employment form a Committee to draw up a memorial for signature by those who are thrown out, and that it be forwarded to the General President, Mr. J. Prisk, in Adelaide, for pre sentation to the Directors." 