IT IS A FACT. Sie,—I have kicked up a hubbub. I didn't intend to do it, but can't help it; facts are stubborn things- A Kadina correspondent «>f your local conlemporary thought he knew the ghost, but missed Ins mark. A ghost is not so fat as he thought. It anyone didn't know it, they would think lie was the ghost himself, as he is more like him. He must remember even if I am a ghost, I ana not omniscient. I report the public talk only. Still 1 liare one advantage over him, I can hear both sides of the question. I did not refer to the indefatigable Con e who informed Mr J. CI k that he was obstruct ing the footpath with cases. About ihe niaiter I overheard an old woman say " could any neighbour expect him to unpack and shift out of ; the way about twelve cases while he was unpacking three or four in the same time. Why did the C e come hack twice,- and say he had orders to tell him he must shift them out of the,way, when he worked hard to do so ? I would pull his nut for him.'' Another trned in, "Isuppose some are vexed because J. CI k sells cheaper than others." Another said, " Why should the San. I. insist upon the coats being •taken inside, and read the by- laws when I believe he did not do so to others " So they went on with" such blarney that I got tired of it, Permit the Ghost to answer your cor respondent of the 3.8th. Does " Mere Shadow " go everywhere ? I only see him a<id pass him where the sun and moon place him, and yet he speaks for the Kadina public. Can he ever come to the world I belong to, to know if a ghost be allowed at large by day, as well as by night? Does he not know it mafres no difference to us? Servants never see us, therefore cannot require manners of-us. Does "Uno" sup pose a ghost to-be omniscient. The Ghost's visit to the Editor was before he saw T. H. H.'s refusal in writing, or heard of it. " Justice," from Moonta, seems to Jhave been aroused by a ghost. Why didn't some one correct the same statements . made in your contemporary about three weeks ago, and now he forgets to explain the £"100 for San. T. A gentleman asked " Is it a fact and signed himself " XXX." The Ghost would observe " it is a fact" that he spells his name with three letters, and so does an " Ass." Sir, excuse the long stay of some one's WALKING GHOSI1. [We have been obliged materially to curtail our correspondent's le'ter as he makes it a vehicle for a very personal attack upon the Sadina corres pondent of our Moonta contemporary, which it would serve no gcod purpose to publish. Nor \- lrus it anything to do with public topics in Kadina, on which Walking Ghost might still write to advautage. —Ed. Times.~\ 