; , - ( WqiTjp^ERFUL^-iF- TRUE. The Fortnightly Review contains a startling article on the evidence of Spiritualism, written by Mr. A. B. Wallace the naturalist. Mr. Wallace conoludes as follows : — ' j ' The objection will here inevitably bo made : JTheae wonderful things always .happen in America. When they occur in England it will Jie time enough to inquire into them.' Sirigu arlv onouffh. after this artiflle was in I tin nrnan tho final test was 'obtained, which demonstrated the occurrence of similar phenomena in London. A short statement may therefore he interesting for thosewho cannot digest American evidence. For some: years a: young lady, :Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited rpmarkublo raediumship, which latterly culminated in tho production of an entire female form, purporting to be spiritual, Snd which.- appeared' barefooted and tn;' white, owing robes whiloshe lay entrauoed, in. dark clothing, and seoi'irbly bound, in a cabinet or adjacontTobm. Notwithstanding that tests of an apparently conolusive1 character were era ployed, many visitors, Spiritualists as well as Boeptios, got the impression that all wob not as it should bo; owing in 'part to the ro semblnnoo of .the ''supposed1'-' Bpirit'^to'' Miss Cook, and also to tho fact; that the I two /could riot be seen at; the same time. Some , supposed that MisB 0: was'tt'n impvJBtfqr' w!ib! lriaflaged to conceal- aiwhito r6be'-iibbuth^:-(altlibugh Bhe 'was ofteni searched),' and who/alfchou'ahishe waB 'securelyj-tied with .tapes and.seuled, wbb able to get out of her bonds, dress and' undress; herself, and get into them again, all iu' the dark, and in bo eompleto and skilful 'a' 'mariner as to defy detection. Othors tliought that the spirit re loased her, provide^ hor with a. white dresa, and pent her forth to personate a ghost. ' The belief .that there was something wrong led: o'no. gentle- pian — an ardent Spiritualist— to Boizo thersi;p posed spiHt and endeavour to hold itj'ih' the hope that some .other person ; would; open the cabinet door and see if Miss book was really there. This was, unfortunately, not done ; but theV.'fireafriro'seinblance of 'the iBei'ng he poized ,tQi|Miss. ,Qo.ok, iu, .perfect . solidity,' and tl'o vigqijqus, struggles , it ymade ,ito,.,fesoape from him,' ebnvineeel tins' gentleman that it was Miss Cook herself, although' the rest of tho company, a few minutes afterwards, found her bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To determine Lhe question conclusively, experiments have been made within the last lew weeks by two seientifio men. Mr. C.F.Varley.F.R.S., the eminent eleotrioiun, inade use of. a galvanic battery 'and cable testing apparatus, aud passed a ourrent through Miss—Cook's .body, -(by -fastening sovereigns Bolderod to wirestqher arms). ..The^apparalus was so delicate ' that any inbvonient whatever wasinstaritly indioate'dj 'while it 'was impossible J for the young lady to dress and not as a:gh'ost ? without'.breakiug tlie.cireuit. Yet under 'these' conditions the spirit form did appear, exhibited.!-, its arms, Bpoke; .' wrote, and touched several persons j'^arid1 this'happened, be it rbmeiribere'd not in the modiutrifs j own ' house, ? but-iu that j of a private ^gentleman .in tho west end iof-. Londou. ' For ; nearly 'an hour the circuit was;'1, never brokpn,,;an'd at the qbriclusiqniMiss^Obbk'' :was found in a deop/tranoe. Siiibe this remark |ablo experiment 'Mri'iWmi'Crbbkes/F.R.'S.Vh'a'B' obtained, .if .gossiblp^Vstill .morb.'eatiefaotory evi- . 'donee. Ho 'co'ntrivedVtt^pho'sph'brus'la'rap and!: prmed with this whs allowed to gqiritq thedark' ! ?room, uccompanicd .by.the spirit, arid ^ there saw1' and folt:;M.is8:.Cobk',idre66.ed in black' velvet,' lying in a trance on the floor, while the spirit:'-i 'form, in white robes, stood close .beside, her.. .: juuring tho evening this Bpirit-form had been, ' for.'riearly' an-'hour, walking and talking with' i ?the company j and Mr. Crookos, by permission, cliiBped ;the figure in his arms, and found it; to, 2 be, apparently, areul living.wbman, iust as/the sceptical goritlomnn hod. dono. Yet this figure !is not that of Mias Ooqk, nor of any other human ;boing,; Biuqo it appe(ired| arid disappearediin, Mr. Crookes' owv\'hqUBo,.as qomplotely. nB in tliat if ;th'e medium herself. '.'The 'full'statementB, of. 'Mq'sprs; V.arley!c,dnd . Orookep, with a' .'mqB.B '! 'of interest iii{» deluil on tho subject, (appeared iui. tlio Spiritualist newspaper in March and 'April JtiBt j and' tliey 'servo to.Bhow that .whatbv6'r:* marvelB occur in Amorioa., can be reproduced hero, n.nd.that men of science are not preoluded from 'investigating those phenomena 'w|th soien tiflc iuetrumonts and by scientific methods. ; The Glaimani.— ' The Last Mari,'»of whom Campbell gaiifr, may yet 'bo fated to1 have, the story of th'o Claiiriant dinnod in his1 ears; .'.'I)^,., ?Kenealy's beRging uew«papor in suid to 'liave'ian;,' ;Oitoninn rival in tho Tic7iboriie Gazette, started ' by his trusty (if, incomprelionsible) Tripnd,'.^^;. Whalley, member of Parliament for , the; oathe-'- 1 dralbity of' Peterborough. ; This olasliing of'1 arrii'our' among the Greeks haB ,a foreb'odirig'1 sound. .But worso remains behind. V, While this sn'riib : Peterborough . legislator 'ib 'offorhig :61,0p0 ro.ward.fqi' another Australian .Osprey, ; tho son' of tho. redoubtable William Cobbbt ,i$ '; eeeking informullyi before the Court of Queen's ' Benoh, Westminister, the rblease of ;tho-c'on» ' victed aiid condemned Wappirig ' 'impostor. — Sydney Mail. ?: - i : .;. ? No .Choice.— Tho following.' colloquy, '.took, place between CoUriBollor Sealinuwax and a wit- : nesB who ' would talk Back.' ' 'Do I understand ',! you to Bay, sir, that /the prisoner iB a thief ?' I' Yes, Bir'i -'oaXisfe wliyi'sho oonfestcd she'was.' ''And you also swear she workod for 'you aftor ' f,hi8 con Tension ?'?' ' Ye's/,' ?!*?'' '' Then we uja-i derstand that you qnifjjpxl'diplfpnesti peoplbl!to' .yrgjik, JmtJMK j#'jjn i.'Bf&T;^feff :«ia?.oftl!iM9Pi are, , jsonfessed to your 'Of course, ..how: else would I get assistance from a lawyer P ' 