A SAVAGE ATTACK. To the Editor of t/ie Empire. SIB,-"With your indulgence I will take the libcrt; of expressing a few thoughts on thu article whic appeared in your issue of the 18th instant, entitle " Review, from a correspondent ; Journal of Fri mary Education-J. Ferguson, publisher, Sydney, I do not wish to bo identified either with th Teachers' Association and its " unhappy buffers feo facetiously alluded to by '.Critic"), or it Journal. I am not bue of those who have grumble -not even privately-either at the "dinner-hou duties," or at the " classification circular," but am a teacher. . As a» teacher, I have perused the strictures o " Critic" with indignation and regret. Indigna tion, that a maa should assumo the titio of i reviewer as a cloak for a spiteful and venomoui attack upon a class of tho community tim includes many educated and honourable mern bers. Ksgret that some of our number have lab themselves open to such attacks through careless ness in their composition ; thus allowing " Critic an opportunity of demonstrating to them tho which he finds difficult to understand-that tb " hiss of tho serpent" can " ponotrate" tito ear, tin brain, the soul. It is easy to understand that tho errors " Critic' hos painfully and laboriously bunted out of thi eight numbers of tho journal, uro such as mighi happen even to the most practised writer, when it is borne in mind that tho articles wcro writtei under peculiar atross of time. They woro written no doubt, hurriedly, ofter tho usual day's work, when the mind was jaded and blunted by previoui exertion. However, this is a matter 1 will not dilate upon, as I am neither writing in support of the Journal nor in apology for it. Our reviewer must bo made of rora and tendel materials. He dreads the contamination of " illiter- ate" men, and. " woald hesitate" before receiving a deputation of them. Probably ho is so recently roclaimed from the " hewers of wood and drowera of water" that be dreads being again identified with thom. We all know that tito experience of the American slavo-mastors goes to prove, that tho overseers picked from tho slaves themselves wera thfe most hideous and atrocious in tboir tyranny ?over their former fellowrworkers. But what, oh what, must be the delicacy of tbs organism of those frogilo beings, he so touchingly alludes to, that form tho Council of .Education ? Shade of tho Kiama Ghost] assist us to conceivo some idea of these- rosublimed individuals, who are too pure to sustain the sigbt%of ordinary mortals'-who . are "nervously apprehensive of coarse intrusion." Darwin, awake I There is an- other link added to the chain-man is transcended ; the monkoy has passed up a stop higher. Tho association of teachers has, by this time, no doubt, felt abashed that it should have presumed to. have attempted to intrude a few "half educated" "unhoppy buffers" upon so august an assemblage of " honest" gentlomen. Mr. Parkes, tho Premier, lately assumed the privilege of ad- ministering a public snubbing to the association for its audacity. He once belonged to tho Council of Education. Shall we take him-as an examplo of -P If, so, then tho association should bo overwhelmed with--. " It has come to this." " Gentlemanly feeling is a matter of no. consequonco ; %nd courteous treat- ment of an opponent a mero Utopian dream." Hen must no longer be allowed to expross their opinions to their superiors. Lot them approach evor so humbly, they must , not be permittod to intrude their coarse, uncultured speech upon tho ears of tho gentlemen ?'. who "'give their time gratuitously " tb tho country. They must not bo too percipient. They must take everything thrown to them by tho. Council, and thank God and the Council for it. " Poor buffers IV " Critic " ls skilled in tho art of dividing a house against, itself. He insinuates that the Sydney teachers repudiated common interest with tho Illawarra teachers,»ntibbed them and insulted thom in»No. G of the Journal. Having searched therein, [ 1 Und this untrue In No.-2, some romarks, which I express tho Opinion of tito bulk of the teachers of New South Wales, are made relative to tho Petition for the Abolition' of School Pees, but nothing offonsivo or slighting to tho Illawarra teachers occurs. In disposing of tho critique on Hr. Gardiner's analysis, " Critic" says : " Tho writer of tho article under notico profosses to bo it man of culture Wo moy, perhaps, some day investigate his claims to snell o title. He is not a gontloman. No honourable man, while rovlowing a book, would go out of his way to attack tho reputation of its' author." To uso a vulgar simile, this is a caso of tho pot calling thu kettla black, " Critic" thinks thoro is nothing personal in this. To invostigato a gentleman's claim to being a man of culturo is not to attack his reputation. Perhaps not. This is not all. " Critic," having laid down tho rulo, that tho man is not a gentlomou who makes a personal attack, under tho voil of litorary criti- cism, proceeds to shew us a little of hts own quality, thus : " Wo would advise thom to ro niomber that thoy aro, ns a class, mon of moan capacity and very Imperfect education j" and again " should it become apparent that tho existing body of teachers is incompétent fnnd it would not bo difficult to provo it)," &c.; What is this ? Will any ono havo tho hardihood to dony that this is a personal attack P Is not this on attack, " a savago attack," upen tho reputation, not of ono mon, but of more than a thousand men, who aro teachors iu tho colony P Wo havo " Critic's" own criterion to judgo him by, and what shall wa infor from lils own statements P This: That "Critic" is'not a critic. * * . * It is timo that toachors awake.' Thoreis a covert threat in tho' ponultlmnto paragraph ; and in tho last one.thero is a revelation ot individuality in tho despicable and paltry opoloay for tho Council of. Education, whoso exnminers cannot bo answor ablo (P), forsooth, for passing and approving for appointment tho "ignorant" (P) timi "incompe- tent" (P) men who now conduct the public schools of tho colony. Theso very examiners woro only toachors themselvos onco ; thoy woro part of tho " cartotn materials ? to hand,"'to wit, "tho half educated mon of. mean capacity ;" hence, wo shall estimato tholv valuo. In conclusion, 1 hw' to con- gratulate mysolf and you, that in tho whole longtli of my lotter, I havo not once perpetrated a Latin ([notation, or sought out any assistance from tho j " Vocabulary of Foreign Phrases" to bolp out mir ! own oxnrossivo binciniire. ! I Mn, slr, ! Yours devotedly, j . : ' ? A11UUS. 1 