amendment as that proposed. If such a position fould te taken m u;'c zzzz it could in another: and if an Appropriation Bill were refused, he might say to the Parliament, 'I have this £6ttO,uiO, which will do me for twelve months, and you can do as you like in the meantime.' (Hear, hear.) He was in doubt as to how his vote would be given, there was so much to be said on both sides. He should like to hear an explanation a3 to the alleged inconvenient under the system which the amendment wouM constitute, and upon that would depend a great deal which way he voted, Sir H- AYEUS, in reply to the last speaker, explained that he was fighting against a shadow, Uca-i-e no particular difficulty had been shown. The Hon. Mr. handover believed that it would ' tie the lunds of the -jovernment' The Com nm^oner of Crown Lands said 'it would be incon venient to the Treasurer. ' The Hon. Mr. Sandover also believed that it would be an expensive provision; but not cne hon. gentleman had shown how it would tie the hands of the Government, or be in convenient or expensive. It appeared to him there would be no difficulty whatever in carrying out this clause any more than i in carrying out any other clause. They all knew if the Agent- General had to be put in funds on the Is: of July and the 1st of January ever}' year, to pay the interest on their bonded debt, andthe Treasurer had to make provision for that, tnese bonds would be as available for remittance as any other bonds if the Treasurer was justified in dealing with them. The last bonds that had been transmitted home were the property of the Government. Having an excess of revenue, the Government bought their own bonds and remitted them to the Agent Generai- They had something like £100,OQo7ying idle, and invested it in Government bonds, ana very properly too, as it saved interest. Those bonds were ?ent home to the Agent-General and pre pare! him to mett the expenditure falling due on the K of July. He could only say the same ope ration was possible under this Bill, but the clause woula simply prevent the Treasurer paying old debts 1 y i.e w de bts. He had had a great deal to do w.ti: ^counts, and he saw no difficulty whatever in thr matter, and none had been shown which he had rot met. It was not for him to raise ghosts simply to dispel them. He said distinctly that the bonds to be issued under this Bdl would be as avrhl le for remittance as any others. As to the AtciH General Eelling the bonds, and being obliged u. ftnd tLe money to the Treasurer when it was wji.tc 1 in London, that was simply nonsense. M'-ru/ver, every farthinu not required by th«j A^vu -General bore interest. If the Treasurer had i rowed the money last November for which he n.u-L'W advertising in vain he would be able to j ,: ii fUt at the present time at a profit: but the 'iri-::-urer diii not keep himself current with what t:,. i,.i:.ks were doing here. If he knew what the t.,ki were paying far the use of money he would r: t waste time in advertising a loan at 4 per cent. he siw no difficulty in the Government making ,e a these bends. The amendment did not mean ii it it thevwere only going to spend £20.000 for there ^orks at one time they should only send x-j-.'^t of bonds home. They could send the v. hie. and authorize the Agent- General to sell the si: .c or half, or to use any other discretion he t ci- eii. and the accounting could take place after »ir:.-. (Hear, hear.) But the bulk of this ! rruwed money was spent in England. In rail -«y worts it was especially so, because the rails, ::: i engines, and other plant were made in L: :.j'.iud, and the money would therefore be wanted tb.re. These bonds would have to be sold in UrAou. as in the present state of the money market they would not be disposable here, but they would i ?: a* av .liable to send home as any others. lie Hon. T. HOGARTH did not believe that ir.v live gentlemen who might hold the position of .'Ir.iittrs needed to be tied down in the way the ? ..?i.-e proposed. If Sir H. Ayers needed it he ii . u!d never be a Minister with his (Mr. Hogarth's) 0 : -ent. There would be no responsible Govern :; r:i at all if they legislated in this way. As it a-.* the Government were responsible to the ::? :r.:ry, and after spending money could be ; r ;jht to account for the expenditure by Parlia i:: ?-?;;!. If any good reason had been shown for the .-.r.eijiment he would consent to it, but he could 1 ? : rd that it was necefisary, and should vote for ;ir:k:r.^it out. TLe Hon. T. ELDER was of opinion that the 7o.-i ment would have the effect of hampering l;.r -;- vernment, as well as causing other compli ? .i-Jl-us. There were other ways of checking illezil a;;;:ihture than, by adopting measures which »? ?]!?! render the ealeof their bonds difficult.'or i. -ur.tful in the English market. The eflect of the srnendment would be to make it more difficult to »e!l their lends in London. It was undesirable that any action taken by the Couneil should have ?: ..it result, or prove hampering to the financial i r.-crations of the Government. The amendment »'i- uncalled for and unnecessary, an! was not f- t to K')od of the country. He should therefore vole It striking it out. The Hon. J. FISHER pointed out that every timber of the Council who had previously been in Uk Government was in favour of the proviso. Mr H. A} ere, Messrs. Diiffield, Santo, and Hay sl! supported the amendment, and had all been Miiu-ters. It might be that they were nwre aojua-nted with the malpractices of Government, and could consequently see the necessity for this restriction more clearly than other hon. members. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS (Hon. \V. Everard), in answer to the Hon. Mr. Fisher, said that it would be seen upon refe rence that in the clause itself the money was suffi ciently tied up as to the way in which it should be expended. The words were:— 'The moneys hereby authorized to be raised shall be received by the Treasurer, to be carried by him to a sepa rate and distinct account, and shall be applied t-o the several purposes set forth in the schedule hereto in the several am junta set opposite to such purposes.' If that were understood the proposal to prevent the money from being used temporarily or otherwise for other purposes would be seen to be unnecessary. The amendment of the Hon. A. Hay was earned. The motion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands to strike out the proviso was then put in the form that 'the worus proposed to be struck out stand.' Carried upon the following division :— At.es, 5- Messrs. Duffield. flay. Parkin, Santo, and Ayers (teller). Noes, S— Messrs. Crozier, Elder, Fisher, Hogarth, Morgan, Murray, Sandover, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Majority of 3 for the Noes The clause passed as amended. Clause 7. Annual account— Yearly returns cf receipts and expenditure. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) moved that the clause be struck out. His reason for doing so was because it was desirable not to return the Bill to the House of Assembly in such a form as would raise a question about privilege in that place. He need ouly renew the promise which he made at an earlier stage in the proceedings that if the Counril consented to send back the Bill without this clause the Govern ment would take care that a message wa3 brought down from the Governor recommending its inser tion in another place. Sir H. AYERS wanted to know what was the difference between the clause remaining in and the Governor sending down to have it inserted in another place. It had been suggested {hat he wished to delay the passage of the Hill, but not a member of the Council wished ta do so. (Hear, hear.) The delay would occur by the action of the Government in seeking to reopen this matter. He had pointed out that the clause was inserted in all Loan Bills. The Commissioner of Crewn Landa rea 1 a long list of Acts in which the clause was not found. The simple reason was because they were not .Money Bills. The hon. gentleman spoke cf the Broughton Railway Act and the Hoyfeton Railway Act in which it was not found, but they were not Money Bills. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands-'The Lacepede Bay Railway Act was a Money BilL ) That was the only one from which the clause was omitted. The hon. gentleman said it was not in the Aorthern ' Territory Loan Acts. The reason was because m the fir t Loan Act all moneys were required to be kept in a separate account The Treasury Bills Act was also without the clause, because it was simply intended to help revenue. The hon. gentleman had shown no necessity why the clause should not be retained. In fact, he had admitted its necessity, for he had promised that if it was not left in the BiU now he would endeavour to have itinserted in anotherplace. L'ut were they to sacrifice their rights and prm i-zes to the whim and humour of the (lOverament in that way ? He had the promise of hon. members asain and again that they would support nun in inserting this clause, and also when he took action a few weeks hence to compel its pro visions being canied out. He trusted they would vote with him in retaining it in the Bill now. The Government was under no apprehension that it would imperil the passing of the measure in another place. If it should be necessary to lay the Liil aEide and to bring in a new one it would be passed in one sitting. He trusted the Council would ret stultify itself by allowing the clause to be struck out. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS th- a. -X. Everard) was glad that Sir Henry Ayers nil admitted that the list of measures contained ct'i case in point The Lacepede Railway Bill, w-ich authorized an expenditure of £120,000, con 'Ji.td no euch clause as this. All he was doim? wai to avert delay with the object to get the BUI Pajsed before the end of the month, because the bonds would t-ike effect from the 1st July The Hon. A. HAY said that the way to prevent delay wonW be to pass the BUI with the clause arid let the other House accept it (Hear. Hear.) Be had already pointed out that the Assembly accepted Bills in which the Council had made much stronger amendments than this. It was useless to send Loan Bills to the Council if they might not insert an amendment of this character. It did not alter the provisions of the Bill, but simply said that accounts should.be tendered of the expenditure If the Government tried to get the measure passed in the House of Assembly it would be carried. The Hon. J. FISHER intended to vote for the clauEe as it was, and adrised the Commissioner of Crown Lands to accept it He had voted some what against his conscience the last time, because he knew if the amendment was insisted upon it would raise a dispute about privilege in another place, which he aid not think was desirable. But as the Council had given way in the one instance the Government would be wise in acceding to the retention of this clause, (dear, hear.) If delay occurred the fault would not be with them, but with the House of Assembly. The Hon. J. CROZIER thought the Commis sioner was in favour of the clause, but it was a Scestion whether it should come into the Bill by ie front or by the back door. He was of opinion that the clause should be retained, especially as Sir H. Ayers had shown that there was an easy way for preventing any delay in the' passage of the Bill by the other House. The motion was put in the form ' that the clause stand part of the Bill.' The PRESIDENT declared that the Ayes had it. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) called for a division, which was as follows:— Ayes, 11 — Messrs. Crozier, Duffield, Fisher, Hay, Hogarth, Morgan, Murray, Parkin, Santo, Sandover, and Sir H. Ayers (teller). Roes. 2— Mr. Eider and the Commissioner of Crown LandB (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. The Council resumed, and the report was brought up and adopted. On the motion of the COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard). the Standing Orders were suspended, and the BiU was read a third time. THE GAME BILL.-ADJOURNMENT, The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) moved that the further consi deration of this BUI be an Order for next day. Sir H. AYERS moved, as an ameudment, that it be an Order for Tuesday next. He did not think they should be asked to meet three days a week when there was so little on the Paper. The Hon. J. FISHER, as a matter of courtesy, seconded the motion of the Commissioner, but hoped he would consent to postpone the business till Tuesday next. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) was willing to do so if it was the wish of hon. members. He moved that the further consideration of the BUI be made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. Other business haying been adjourned till the same date, the Council adjourned at 3.35 till Tues day next at 2. THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. ?Wednesday, June 24. The Pbesidext took the Chair at- 2 o'clock. EA1LWAY LOAN BILL. muommittee. Clause 4. Application of moneys. Adjourned consideration of the motion of the !0MMIS8I0NR£ of OSOWS LaKDS (UdU. W. Everard). that the words from 'but no part of the moneys.' to the end of ths clause be struck out The Hon. W. SANDOVER was in some diffi dence as to the course he should pursue, because although his mind was nride up, at the same time he had some leaning to the side of Sir H. Avers. Bon. members would bear him out in the state ment thct he had misgivings asto the action of the amendment before any remarks had been made UDon it in the public Press. Nothing had been said during the debate to remove those misgivings. Sir H. AyeiB had cot been able to assist them by pro ducing a 'Hansard' or newspaper report of the debate, which would enlighten -them as to the reasons why this proviso was inserted for the first time in the Sew South Wales Railway Loan BilL He found that a similar provision wss made in a 'Loan Act of last session. It was the Railway Loan Act, No. 468. Victoria, which becarae law on Nov. 1L 1873. In that case the proviso was to this effect:— 'And shall acd may, subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, be applied to the purposes mentioned in the second schedule aud no other.'' The schedule named four different worKS ior wnicn tne money was uireciea to oe used. But in neither case did the library assist him with 'Hansard71 reports to«how whether the clause was inserted by the Government, by the Opposition, by a bare majority, or by an absolute majority of Parliament. He was placed in a false position by the action of the Commissioner of Urovn Lands in this matter. He was surprised last Tuesday at the quiet way in which the Com missioner of Crown Lands acceded to the proposal to introduce these words. The hon. gentleman said yesterday that he entered a 6trong protest; but much depended upon the action, and his words about the difficulty the amendment might cause were so mildly delivered that the impression was (riven that he consented to its insertion. Seeing that the Commissioner of Crown Lands accepted the amendment, he did not feel inclined to be the only objecting party. However, he was still of opinion that to tie the hands of the Government in this way was detrimental to the community and likely to be expensive and em barrassing in practice. He had no more sympathy with the present Government than he had with preceding Governments. Perhaps he had less sympathy with the present Government than with some of their predecessors. They had made many mistakes, but at the same time the representative of the Government in that Chamber held a difficult position and deserved consideration, because his newness to office placed him at a disadvantage relatively to Sir Henry Ayers and other old members. He vras soiry that his friend the Com missioner had taken a position in a Government that involved his having to carry out measures opposed to hie convictions. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) It would be seen from his saying thi3 that be was not a warm supporter of the Govern ment, but in the present case he had no alter native but to vote with them. Ii he could be enlightened as to the necessity of the amend ment and the reasons why such a proviso had been adopted elsewhere, it would be different; but until he knew more about the matter he must go with the Commissioner. He believed in checking the expenditure of money by the Go vernment He thought he wai right iu saying that one member of the present Ministry on a former occasion became unpopular through a ques tion of absorption of a particular fund, and came to grief in consequence. If they could tie the hands of the Government without embarrassing the financial operations of the country he should go with it. But the tendency of this proviso would be to tie up large sums of money purely for the benefit of the shareholders in private Banks and to the detriment of the country. He supported the striking out of the wordB. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. W. MORGAN was in a similar position to the Hon. W. Sandoyer, for he quite understood that the Commissioner of Crown Lands did not object to the amendment But he accepted the hon. gentleman's contradiction, and presumed that he must have misunderstood him. Had the Commissioner of Crown Lands objected to the insertion of the proviso he should most certainly have voted with him at the time. In his opinion it was not possible for the Go vernment of the country to be carried on with this amendment. No gentleman knew that better than did Sir H. Ayers. It would be necessary ii the clauses werecarried as they now stood that seven different accounts should be kept respecting the works mentioned in the schedule ; and suppose that from some such cause as scarcity of labour the particular work could not be pro ceeded with, and money sto*d to its credit, while on the other hand the Treasurer required funds to carry on another of the undertakings, it would not be lawful for him to use the money for that pur pose which was lying idle. He asked would that be for the good of the country ? The money would be lying in the Banks upon one account at a low rate of interest, such as 2 per cent, or 3 per cent, while the Treasurer would have to borrow on the other account at a higher rate. Such a state of things could not be for the benefit of the colony, and unless Ministers broke the law they would not be able to carry on. (Sir H. Ayere— ' They have broken it') Admitted ; but if the present Govern ment had done so, he could point to others who had been a great deal worse sinners— (Hear, hear, and laughter)-to a gentleman in that House who had sinned ten times more than the present Government, because he had had more oppor tunities of doing so. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that the existing Ministry were not willing to go to equal lengths, but they had not had the opportunity. How was it with regard to Suther and's Act 1 That required that the money from the land should be put in a separate fund; yet Sir H. Ajers, when he was in the Ministry, had spent it in any way he thought proper. He had spent it upon resolution of the House of Assembly. The hon, member had said that he had the authority of an Act of Parliament for doing 60 : but his Act of Parliament turned out to be only a resolution. If this clause were passed and Sir £L Ayers were in office again, as he had no doubt he soon would be, the hon. gentleman would spend tLe money as unlawfully as he had done before, because it would be wrong to waste funds as this proviso required. He should therefore vote for striking out the words, as he fell it was necessary that the Bill should pass; but if the amendment were insisted upon it would not be accepted in another place. Apart, however, from the question of privilege, the proviso was unwork able and should be expunged. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. P. SANTO was glad that he was not in the same position as the Hon. Mr. Sacdover. He had no misgivings at all regarding the way in which he felt it his duty to vote. He had not been placed in a false position by any one, and he did not know that any member of the Council had a right to be placed in a false position. Some hon. members, in his opinion, put themselves in a false position, and then cast the blame of it upon some one else, The Hon. Mr. Morgan said that if this amendment were struck out the Bill would be unworkable. (Hod. W. Morgan— 'No; if it were retained.') He understood the hon. gentleman to mean that the proviso would be without effect ; that other Governments had done ten times worse things than the present one; and that whether the amendment were retained or re jected it would make no difference. He had no fear of any ill eflect from the amendment being inserted in the BilL He took it round to the Hon. Mr. Morgan before it was introduced, and the hon. gentleman said that it was precisely what he thought was necessary. (Hon. W. Morgan— 'No,') He understood, at any rate, that the hon. gentleman agreed to the words and approved of then?. (Hon. W.Morgan— 'No.') If he had misunderstood the hon. member he was willing to accept any statement he might make to the con trary. Be was surprised at the Commissioner of Crown LandB 6aying he did not agree to the amendment. If there had been any reluctance on the part of the Hon. Mr. Everard to agree to the proviso the Hon. W. Parkin's view would hn«n Vvnnn iui»iaH n«f tirnn of irrrracf Ail ♦?l*ot- ♦ ti r» imendment should be permitted in order to give he Council time to consider the matter; but the imendment was adopted by the Commissioner, ipd so the delay was rendered unnecessary. In new of that fact it wa3 not right for the Com nissioner of Crown Lands to come down and say that be had not agreed to its insertion. Sad the hon. gentleman said he would like to see he amendment in print so that he might think Dver the subject, be would have supported him in :hat course, and the Council would have supported Dm. (Hear, hear.) It was only his accepting the imendment upon the condition that it should be Inserted in all future Loan Bills that prevented its beingprinted before it was carried. (Hear, hear ) Fhe Hon. Mr. Morgan said that the Bill as it sow stood would necessitate keeping seven different accounts for the works mentioned in the schedule. Df course it would; but how many accounts had the Hon. Mr. Morgan or any other business gentle man to keep? Was the money for all these items to be thrown together, and were the Ministry to zxpend as much upon each as they thought proper? Supposing that one work, for which £2CO,0CO was authorized, cost £10,000 or £15,000 less, ought not Parliament to know that such was the case? At present they could no: tell how much any public work cost, and the amendment was of importance, because it would provide for information being furnished through) which they would know how much these works really cost. To say that the Government would have to ;end home separate bonds for each work was nonsense. There was no Bense nor reason in such an objection, for the amendment only required that every particular work Bhould be netted with *he amow.t of m'ercst and other nWwrtajiw totnwin* to \\*. anil «hnt the .actual imoont expwckd should, he «iebre«l aamst it. ?o rt ar at the conclusion 'f the works tne public hcu!d kww precisely what they h-.nl cost, if V.ey did vot do this it would not be seen in future vhat a TOhlic wo;k cost any more than it had beeu n the ?post. He did not wish to contUe the weiatien of the amendment to the present Vtinistry-(Hear, hear)-for he did not say that hey Wd d- ne anything worse than others. It was jot the inteutiou to put a check especially upon :hts particular Government, but to insist that in ruture information should be provided aa to the ?ost of public works. He should be sorry to see ;be amendment struck out. If it were done they irould be looked upon with contempt for one day ?upporting a proposition and the next day meeting to txpunge it. . , * ? The Hon. W. MORGAN wished to make an explanation. The Hon. Mr. Santo brought the Bill round te him, and he read the clauses in the New South Wales Act, and said it was good, but that he did not believe it would work. (Hear, hear.) He would further explain that he did not object to keepin* seven scccounts. or 27, or any other number. He had simply mentioned that point to enable him to show that one account mi?ht be in credit while another was in debit, ana that the money in the first instance could not be ns«d for the other work. This clause would not give any information as to the actual cost or the works. The clause at the end of the Bill would do that, and was all the check that was necessary. He should therefore go for retaining the clause, and if Parliament insisted upon its being earned out it would not be difficult to get the informa tion that was required to be furnished. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. A. HAY would like the amendment better if the words 'temporarily or otherwise were not in it. The proviso then would be a goo* one, because it was important that money should be expended only upon the purpose for which it was raised ; but there was no objection if one work were stopped and money stood to its credit to the Treasurer temporarily using it for another that was out of funds. If those words were struck out the Treasurer would still be able to take money that bad been raised on bonds for railway accom modation on the North and Port lines, and tempo rarily apply it to carrying on the works of the Port Wakefield Extension Railway. As to the ob jection to keeping seven different accounts, it was necessary that the account should be kept in any case, but the amendment only compelled the money raised under the Bill to be expended upon the items named in the schedule. The Hon. Mr. Morgan agreed with the 7th clause, but if this proviso in the 4th clause were struck out the 7th clause would not have the intended effect The return might show how much had been expended, and if £90.000 had been spent on the Northern and Poit lines and similar extra sumB on other works it would record it; but this amendment said that on no account should the Government spend more upon the works than the amounts named in the schedule. He saw no grievance in allowing the Treasurer to temporarily use money from one work for another; but all they wanted to see was that the Treasurer did not spend more than the money allowed in the schedule. He should therefore move to strike out the words ' temporarily or other wise.' He bad no fear that if the Council insisted upon these amendments it would be taken in another place as an interference with their privi leges. The House of Assembly had agreed to amendments inserted in Money Bills which effected more important alterations than these would do. (Hear, hear.) The Port Wakefield Railway Bill when it came down to the Council provided for a 5 feet 4 inch gauge, but the Council altered it to a 3 feet 6 inch gauge, and the Assembly accepted the alteration, although it made a considerable diffe rence in the expenditure. II the words he sug gested were struck out the Treasurer might transfer money from one account to another, but he would not be able to spend more upon each work than the schedule stated. Sir H. AYERS accepted the amendment suggested by the Hon. Mr. Hay. Ho had no wish to tie the hands of the Government unnecessarily, but he desired to protect the Parliament and the country against the practice of raising money for one purpose and spending it upon another. The Hon. Mr. Morgan prophesied that he would soon be in office again. He was not so confident of that. The hon. gentleman bad also said that it must be apparent to him (Sir. H. Ayers) that this clause would not work, but if he were in the Ministry again he would find it perfectly workable. He had not any fear of its tying the hands of the Goverrment and occasioning inconvenience by necessitating the keeping of seven accounts. He submitted that under any circumstances seven acrounts must be kept. When the bonds, authorized under tha Bill, were forwarded to the Apent-General. they could be sent in one parcel for the seven works and sold in one lot and the amounts could afterwards go to the credit of each particular work. The Hon. Mr. Sandover had st;f ngthene d his hands. He had simply alluded to New South Wales in authority foi this clause, but the hon. gentleman bad shown that a similar provision existed in Victoria. Now, vne they 6uch consummate financiers that they could not see their way through a difficulty which Ni-w South WalPB and Victoria di'l not experience trouble from ? Those colonies dealt with millions, while South Australia dealt only with hundreds of thousands. If New South Wales could spend two millions and Victoria millions under the provisions of this clause without complaining, they ought surely to have no difficulty with this £600,000. If they could not find a Treasurer here able to cany out the clause, then the Treasurer had better take a holiday, and go to Victoria or New South Wales to learn the wonderful art there. (Laughter, and Hon W. Morgan— 'He did go.') The Hon. Mr. Morgan said the Treasurer went to Melbourne— so he did— to look at Mr. Langton's books, and lie could make nothing out of them; but whether it was the Rood dinner and the jollity that blinded his eyes to their clearness he did not know, but he certainly admitted that he went all the way to Melbourne and came back just as wise ae he went. (A laugh.) He was obliged to the Hon. Mr. Sandover for giving him additional support, and. in answer to his suggestion, he would say that he did not see the necessity for producing any 'Hansard' ornewspaper report when he could show it in the Act itself. There was no outcry there about tying up the hands of the Treasurer; nor was there any tying up the hands of the Treasurer evea if the words were allowed to remain as they stood, The Government would be able to send the bonds home by the next mail, to have as many of them sold as they liked to apply to these various works, and to fund the money till it was required. If the Treasurer had got this Bill last session, as he ought to have done— (Hear, hear) -and raised the money last November or December, he would have raised it at a rate on which the Banks would have given him a profit, if he had any surplus to lend at the present moment. So far from wishing that the Treasurer should overdraw his account, he asserted it was not creditable to the Government of the colony that it should be in the position of having to overdraw. He would much rather see the Government have £20,000, or even £50,000, absolutely idle than be in the un dignified position of having to go to the bankers to borrow. That was a position which no Govern ment ought to be in. and he promised the Hon. Mr. Morgan that if in the course of time he should be in office again he wonld strive to keep the Government as independent as hekepthimself, and certainly independent of going to bankers to borrow money. (Hear, hear.) Be was not very sensitive to remarks which were made either in Parliament or by the Press. He had had a long Parliamentary career, and during a great portion of the time he had been in office, and naturally had had some very hard things said against him, but he trusted had borne them with something like good temper. He was quite aware a considerable latitude must be allowed to the Press. No one acknowledged the necessity of a free Prees more than he did. Every public man's conduct should be open to the fullest criticism, and he did not in the least object to his conduct being criticised, so long as the criticism was fair. But be did on reading the leader in the Rcgitkr that morning, particularly the concluding part of it— the opinions of the Register he had nothing to do with as they had as rcuch right to differ from him as he ha-J from them- but he did feel that when the writer in the Register took upon himself to comment on his demeanour in the Council he had a right to call attention to it, for the concluding observa tions of this editorial were not authorized by the circumstances, and he could not help thinking it was an excess of the privileges which an Editor, no doubt, largely possessed. With the permission of the House he would read the few concluding remarks of the article:— 'We cannot close our remarks without expressing our surprise and regret at the overbearing and offensive manner assnmed by Sir Henry Ayere towards the Commissioner of Crown Lands.' Now he was unconscious that he exhibited any offensive or overbearing conduct towards the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He apprehended if he had exceeded the fair rules of debate the Hon. the Commissioner would have called his attention to it. He might say there was no hostility between the Commissioner and him self, or between any member of the Government and himself, nor had he any hostility to the Government He would rather see the present Government in office than any Government he knew of, and would rather save them support than opposition. He did not wish to be offensive, and if he had been so he should be only too happy if the Commissioner would call his attention to any word3 bearing an offensive character to withdraw them and apologize at the same time. Then this impar tial onlooker said ? The CHAIRMAN pointed out that the Stmd'nz Orders provided that no hon. member should read any extract from a newspaper referring to a debate in the Council. Sir H. AYERS-Not when that article reacted upon an hon. member's demeanour in deW.e? However, he need not read the extract but could comment upon it The impartial onlooker who iad written this comment referred tn the words of bis speech, and when he. first rea-! it he supposed he had by some slip said potnethi'ii he ou-:ht not t» have said, so he immediately ' lrned to the report, but failed to discover anything to call forth these comments as to hi; taine very offensive and overbearing to the Commissioner. Of course in the warmth of debate a person often said what ha weuld not delibeiately write or psrhips say if he had an opportunity for reconsideration, and if attention was called to any words of that kind they were immediately withdrawn. Bir. he was not aware there was anythinp in his demeanour that would justify a newspaper editor in making the remarks that had been made. He was sure there had been debatesjkfore when, if journalists thought it proper to comment on the conduct of, members one towards another, there must have been very much greater reason for it than there was in this case. He considered the debate was carried on with perfect good temper, and he was not aware of having given the slightest offence to the Commissioner of Crown Land«. If it were otherwise he hoped, as he lwlieveri, that he would have the manliness to stand up and state what part of his speech bore that character. He hoped the Council would give due attention to this very im portant subj ect There was no doubt in borrowinz money to the extent South Austmlia borrowed, and was likely to borrow, itwaa absolutely neces sary that the money borrowed should be applied to the purposes for which it was raised, und he saidad viBedly, as a Minister who had had 60me experience, and from his experience as a man in relation to finance, which he could place acainst that of any of hiB fellow-colomsta outside the Banks, that this clause would work perfectly without in any way tying up the hands of the Treasurer. If the Hon. Mr. Morgan meant that a Treasurer finding in sufficient revenue would be precluded from availing himself of this money he was correct, and ho supposed the Council did not wish that ho should be able to do so. At present tbdra was nothing to prevent the Treasurer using money for other purposes than that for which it was intended. That was what he complained of, and both the Register and the Advertiser were with him in regard to the improper expenditure o£ money during recess. It was to prevent Buch im proper expenditure he asked the Council to agree to this amendment. The Hon. Mr. Bandover Baid he believed there would be an expensive pro cess, but he took the liberty of informing the hon. member there would be no more expensive process than at present. The Treasurer would say whether it was best to sell the bonds here or in London. There was no necessity for them to be sold in driblets. They could be sold in precisely the same way as now. The only difference would bo that the Government would not lie able to spend the money which the Legislature Bnid should be spent in one particular way in some other way. He believed the present Government to be com posed of as honourable men as they should ever have, and if the Hon. Mr. Morgan was right in his Erophecy he (Sir H. Ayers) was tying up his own andB. He was frequently twitted with having done certain things himBeif. He would point out that was no argument; but rather a leason why ho should not be allowed to do so again. (Laughter.) Did the Hon. Mr. Morgan wish to exalt him to the position that whatever he did must be right, and! that an error made by him was not wrong? He was sure he had never sought that proud eminence, and no one would wish to give it him ; hut that was the logical deduction from the argument, if it was worth anything. He hoped such an argument would never be used again. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Everard) wished to say a few wonlB in reference to the remarkB of Sir Henry Ayers as to what appeared in the public print Of course he at once accepted his explanation in the fullest sense that he did not mean anything offensive, but he might say distinctly that he was quite of the opinion at the time that the hon. gentleman had permitted his temper to some extent to get the better of him. The Hon. Mr. Sandover said he had endeavoured to find the Sydney 'Hansard' with the debate on the Bill which had been referred to. He lwd made enquiry, and found there wasnosuchwork- dlear, hear)— and therefore still did not know why the provision had been inserted in the New oouth Wales Loan Bill, but it was tolerably clear to him it was the only case in which such a provision had been inserted either in New South WaleB or Victoria, for he failed to lind, after a tolerably careful search through the Acts o£ both colonies, any other such provision. Ho bad already stated that one reason for wishing to take out the two amendments whs to prevent there, being any difficulty in another ;il:ice. He w.ir told most distinctly that exception would be takrnif they were sent up, and he hart already informed the Council that it was highly denirable the Bill should be passed before the Lt of July, as the bonds had been drawn to bear interest from that date, and if the Bill was not passed by that date a great deal of time, lab ur. ami money would he thrown away. No doubt the acceptance of the amendment proposed would Biiit the purpose of those who wished to delay the Bill. Then the 7th clauFe provided that annual ; ccnuntH Bhould be kept and rendered, and not only that, but that the money raised for each particular purpose should be kept distinct, and should not be diverted even temporarily. It would be as ridiculous as if a man kept bis money in different pockets, having one for household expenses, another for rent, and another to pay his servant, and allowed an execution to be issued against him for nonpayment of rent, while he had plenty of money in another pocket, on the plea that that was devoted to household expenses. (Laughter.) When they had gone on with the present system so long he failed to see the necessity for raising this point just at the present moment, when the Treasurer and Sir Henry Ayers were in antagonism. (Sir H. Ayers— 'No.') The Hon. Mr. Santo said he should have acceded to the proposition that the amendment should lie printed. That would have had exactly the same effect— of delaying the pro gress of the Bill. The Hon. Mr. Morgan said he could not understand why lie accepted the amend ment He certainly did not intend to accept it or agree to it; in fact he intended to proteat against it, and only to accept it when he could not avoid it (A laugh.) It was true he might have done done so in a quiet manner. He alwayB endea voured to conduct himself in a quiet manner and did not consider it requisite or seemly to pet out of temper. The Hon. Mr. Morgan andf the Hon. Mr. Hay said they would like to see tho 7th clause retained. Ths remarks he had made would apply to the 7th clause an much as to the amendment cf the 4th. If the Bill went back to the other branch of the Legislature with any amendment in it he was asuurcd there would be a difficulty in its passing— (Oh)-but if hon. mem bers desired simply an annual account to be ren dered he would undertake to say there should be no difficulty about that, as a clauBe should be brought down with a Governor's message to the House of Assembly and inserted there. The Hon. J. CROZIER said no doubt Sir H. Ayers was a very great authority, but it seemed very strange that a matter of this kind, if it were so urgent, should have been delayed so long while that hon. gentleman was in a position to have had it remedied. He should support the Commissioner in expunging the amendment to the 4th clause, as he thought it would embarrass them if retained, but be could not go with them in the other matter. The Hon. J. FISHER said there had been a great deal of conversation out of doors in reference to this matter, and the general opinion, as far as he could gather, or what was put before the public, was that there would be a great deal of difficulty, if the amendment were carried, in working the financial business of the Government between South AuBtraliaand London. (BirH. Ayers— 'No.') Supposing, for instance, a loan to be effected under this Bill, themoney would have to be either used for the purposes named or remitted to the colony, and if the Government owed money in England for any other purpote this money could not be used for payment of that even if the money so used was debited to that account in the books in this colony. So strongly was it put out of doors that it was said even the Agent- General's salary could not be paid out of iundB borrowed under this Bill. He was therefore sorry Sir H. Ayera had not gone into tha practical working of the amendment bo as to con tradict, as he believed he would be able to do, the mpreEEion that was abroad. He believed no such eflect was contemplated, and if it had such effect steps would have been taken ia Victoria and New South Wales to repeal the similar clauses which existed in the Acts of those colonies. He thought the Government must admit they had themselves to thank for the position they were in. If they had ail opted the suggestions of members at the end of last session, and brought] in a Loan Bill, they would not have been in their present difficulty. (Hear, hear.) He waB certainly astonished at his friend the Commissioner denying that he accepted thLa amendment He did so most distinctly, and had he not done so he (Mr. Fisher) would have been much disposed to vote with him. He had not re ferred to the words, but he had. a distinct recollec tion that hb reply was, 'The Government will not object, provided the amendment does not refer to this Act alone, but that it is understood it will be inserted in every Act for a similar purDOBe' (Hear, bear.) Then he said that for himself he saw it would be a trouble to future Treasurers and Auditor-Generals. Bat he was astonished to hear the Commissioner say that he protested as strongly as he could, and that he could not have protested more strongly if he had spoken for a quarter of an hour. It was nothing of the sort. Did he say TONo,'.,w£eD the.question was putt He did not Would he not have divided, the House on the question if it were of so much importance as he said? He said distinctly the Commissioner did not call 'No.' He wonld not say & ^iedT7 Ye?' .,iJThoJ,'8h he believed he did. (Mr. Everard-' No.') If he had protested he would certainly have taken the trouble to call for a division. The Trejisurer b-ought this upon himself by his perhaps unwine statement that it did not matter whether this was passed, because he had other funds available. That no doubt caused the House to feel mote the necessity of such an ia 