To tin- JMilor of the XneaitH* Chronicle: !mh— -I am grateful to ' Amicus Sapicntira' for not imposing on mo Iho necessity of writing a long letter. The storm of declamation nnd vituperation with which he assailed the positions I took up in my former letter, raised no UUlu dust, bnl has passed over, leaving them, un larmed, as they uro impregnable. In as fur as 1 am concerned, I have no damages lo repair. anil will draw as sparingly as possible on your valuable space. The Indies of your correspondent in this con troversy are really amusing. We have in him an illustration of Iho adage. '' He who fights and runs away, Mny live to light another day.' lie commenced thu campaign ns u bold aggres sor, under the banner of the Accuser of the Inethren, alleging that Secularists deny the necessity and importance of religious education, nnd claiming for his church— which treats him very shabbily in keeping him in the position of a bumble lay niembci — the prerogative of teach ing all, and of being handsomely paid for it by the Stute. Secularists nnd non-secularists refuted the, charge, while the doughty champion of the church had not one ivurd to say, either in the way of self-vindication or apology, 'lie who laitem tlie sworil sliatl perish by the sword,' and so it has happened in this caso. The claim put in for his church, us the only authorised ami efficient teacher, was put by those whom he attacked sn unwisely, to Hid stern arbitrament of facts, as seen in thu educational stute of those nations over which his church lias, for centuries, exercised absolute control ; und lo, this champion declines the conflict on inuderii ground, und retreats till he finds himself amid the glories of the unti-reformation epoch. There he planted his slumlord defiantly, and there he has had to pull it up again and to fly— Where? Who can say ? Wherever he has gone, ho has made us a 'present of Antiquity,' am| jn |,is thoughtless generosity would throw in his master to boot. It is to be feared ho will not get rid of him so easily-. JJy a prudent silence, or by actual, or virtual admissions, almost everything I alleged in my preceding letter, ' Amicus Sapientiic' has granted. There nre some things, however, which, with a grout flourish of trumpets, ho a fU'cts, I cannot say attempts, to disprove. In their fouutlcr a. liurmuti' mouK. oi uui mmi-cuiu century, who, a* he himself says, received in structions f. om the devil.' In relation to this allegation I put the -|uuslion, which, with his usual want of wisdom, he reprints iu his last production — ' Did .Dr. Martin Luther ever say that it was from the devil he received the doctrine he taught and preached as a reformer ? If so,where is the fact recorded by himself or on his authority? I confidently affirm nowhere ;' ami after reading carefully the contemptible array of irrelevant quotation and monkish gos sip, with which your correspondent has filled u quarter of a column of your journal, I confidently affirm uyuin nowhere. Surely this portion of his letter was n't written for his more enUyhtuned readers. Anyone who understands the English language must be struck by I he gross absurdi ties of style into which the writer has been betrayed in this passage by his wriggling du plicity. Anyone blessed with the smallest mea sure of common sense will see that what Liguori, or any of the writers so needlessly mentioned, but not quoted, may have said of Luther, does not touch my challenge, ' Where is the fact recorded by himself or on his authority (' If ' Amicus Sapiciitiro' had quoted some of his previous twaddle about Luther as Hie proof I culled for, it would have been just as reasonable as the ridiculous array of references and juinblo of quotations with which ho has furnished us, and over the crushing force of which he crows in this style : ' I think, after this, ' Aequitas' and not me, is convicted of contemptible dis honesty, essential malice, or criminal ignorance.' I will not venture to say that his ignorance of tho fundamental principles of English grammar, made painfully evident in this literary gem, is criminal, but, certainly, it comes with a bad grace from one who assumes to be so erudite, and presumes to speak ex cathedra on the great ques tion of education. Again, your learned correspondent speaks of my '' brazen effrontery' in affirming that tho Greeks protested against purgatory, &c;, and yet he does not venture to affirm that they did not, while he strives to leave this impression on his renders. The slime of Jesuitism— but of a bung- ling Jesuitism— is evident here, and throughout his precious epistle. He flies off at a tangent to inform his ' more enlightened readers,' ' that the heresy of the schismatical Greeks consists in denying the procession of the Holy Ghost from the Father and tho Son,' seizing tho opportu nity of furnishing us with a new edition of Coadjutor Archbishop 'Vaughau's Into pratllo ment on Iho subject. ' It is,' indeed, ' scarcely necessary to remark for your more enlightened readers,' that I said nothing of tho views of the Greeks, in relation to this dogma, but, simply, that ' they protested resolutely against Papal supremacy and the dogmas of Purgatory, &c.;' It seems, by the by, time tho denial of the Papal supremacy is esteemed but a little matter, and that the schism had its origin, simply in tho de nial on the part of tho Greeks of the procession of the Holy Ghost from tho Father and the Sou. This is new to me, and will be, no doubt, to most of your readers. Your correspondent, in his extremity, finds evident relief in hurling op probrious epithets at me, in tho Billingsgate style ; but, in the present instance, and indeed, in every other in. this controversy, in which he has relieved himself in the same way, he has been rashly and and igaorantly doing what, I know, ho will be sorry for — reviling somo of tho most venerated, dignitaries and distinguished writers of his own church — for I allege nothing as a his torical fact, in my letters, save on Iho authority of such. If I am guilty of ' brazen effrontery' in saying tho Greeks protested against tho dogmas of Purgatory, &c;, so is Fisher, tho Bishop of Rochester, who says, ' Oraecis ad hunc tisque diem, non cst oreditum Pwgatorinm esse.' Art. 18\. ' Even to this day Purgatory is not be Iieved in by the Greeks.' If l am guilty, so is Renodot, who says in his Liturgiarum Collectio JSe leitnim it/mn. locum cjite.m Pmyalorinm -n-- pelkiuws aynoscmd,' 2,105. ' Neither do they ac knowledge that third place which we call I'm gatory. I might go on, if space permitted, to neon quotation on to quotation from Roman Catholic writers of the highest celebrity, verify ing all that I have alleged about the Greeks, but tins much must suffice for the prosent. I am ready to accept tho challenge of your correspondent to ' show where, when, and the nature of the schisms,' by which the Papal sue cession has been so frequently broken, in as An as my other engagements will permit, and you are disposed to give mo space. To give the ivhere, the when, and the nature of the. whole would require at least thirty letters ; but, per haps, your correspondent may bo satisfied with such a summary as may be crushed into one or two. J f so, I am ready. I would bo sorry, indeed, to have the grout iJishon of Hippo marshalled against mo ; for I hold linn in high veneration, as a faithful ex positor of God's word, a true follower of the Apostles in all that concerns tho doctrines of salvation, and, consequently, by anticipation, a Protestant, in relation to tho dogmas concerning t i ii» i-''co ad'l-letl ]-Y the Roman Church. 1 hold Atigustin in such veneration that I would not quote him against himself; and, in making the tallowing quotation, I am persuaded that I am not doing this. 'Amieu* Sapientias' puts these words (not in tho original), into the month ot the great doctor—' Peter, who is the rock,' while Augustin says, in commenting on the words of Jesus in the Gospel, ' Non enim dictum est i/h, tu cst Petra .ml tu es Pctnts. Pelm ciutcm. crat Olinstus ipum confessus Simon.' Ret 1 , 21. It is not said to him thou art tho rock, but uiou art i'eter. The Rock was Christ, whom Simon confessed.' But I must hurry on to thank your correspondent for tho prudent though very ungracious admission he makes in relation to the character of some of the 'great nnd holv men in '? the succession through which Catho'- lics i are. united with Jesus Christ himself.' Why make Urn admission in such a snarling style, calling my statements 'calumnious assertions,' while 'they are admitted ?' What a game at last and loose our .lesml xvotil.I play if he could ! II I am yet constrained lo resume HiR dim subject, I promise (hat I will not ask your read -;rs to tabu any assertions of mine, but will leave Hit' great nnd holy men' lo 'describe one another, or ' lo be described by general coun I am reminded that, in the ' College of the Apostles, there was ono who betrayed, and another who denied Christ-.' but we do not. call Iho ' betrayer a ' great' and a ' holv man.' ' lie went, forthwith, to ' his own place;' and J. liter ceased lo be an apostle tho moment he denied his Lord, and remained, notwillislanding Ins immediate repentance, nn outcast from the Apostolic College, till, on the very eve of our Lord s ascension, he was publicly and solemnly re-udmiltod. Your correspondent will find no justification of the unutterable, immoralities of many oi ins 'great und holy men' iu tho Apos tolic College. . . WIVf. is.it tllat ' ?Amicl|s Sapienli.u' docs not iinise 1 'inform his Protestant brethren what all their historians say of Pope Luther?' biinply because ho knows that what, he ' in sinuates is utterly untrue; and that insinuation is saler, and just as likuly to puss current union' ' Ins more intelligent brethren.' The Jesuitism displayed in grouping together the good and the bad, ,in,| culling thorn Popes, is somewhat smarter than Ins previous attempts in this line ; but still it will impose on imno but some of the 'more enlightened' of his brethren, for whom, it seems, ho writes. jVono of those so-called Popes nre links in a chain connecting their fellow-men with Christ. We discard all human inventions of this kind, having access to God through the Une .Mediator of God mid men, the inim' Christ ni i i lmi---o- Jihemti'r. As the Komish Church lias, m direct opposition (o Divine autho rity, presumed to interpose between nieii und Lrod a succession of men, on whom the validity ol the Church's sacraments depends, nnd the ?!'.lr'.!t.'°J!.?Xill0..s.olj|!1?/'l|--l-: children, it becomes tho failure of even 'one link' ii! tJ'ie'cliaiii'woUi'a, according to the theory of succession, leave nil dependent on viich an arrangement to perish. It becomes them to look the more earnestly into this matter, ina.-mtii-h as ' the religion founded iu lust, murder, rapine, and plunder cannot bu of Divine origin.' ' Amicus Sapiential' is ' here,' if nowhere else, a witness of the truth — a truth, the announcement of which is no proof of his wisdom ; but fools will play with edged tools- a truth most terribly verified in the rise and the history of the Papacy. 1 must recall the supposition made above, ' if nowhere else,' for I find that 'AtnicusSnpicnluo' has unguardedly given utterance to another truth, which r coils with terrible effect on his own church. 'A history of variations,' he says, ' must be a history of error.' He must, however, be excused in this, as the ' immortal Bishop of Meaux' was foolish enough to erect, Haman-like, this gibbet for the benefit of his re formed brethren, from the top of which he, and his beloved Papacy, have since been dangling. Long before the immortal bishop wrote his Exposition — un attempt to whitowushlhe Papacy, which was approved by one ' infallible' Pope and ' condemned by another;' and his ' Varia tions' an attempt, to calumniate tho doctrines of the Reformation, which gave entire satisfaction lo the Papal court — Jerome said, ' Verum non. csse, rjuod variut. ' What varies is not true.' By this dictum, I am wilHng that the Roman Church and the churches of. the Reformation should be ' honestly' judged. As ' Amicus Sapientiae' will be permitted to define what he means by the Catholic Church — a task sufficiently difficult, so I claim the right of defining what I mean by the Reformed Churches. I may as well inform him at once, that I do not intend lo take under my protection ' all' without the ' gates of the holy (?) city,' or any within the gates of that other holy (?) city in the neigh bourhood of the Salt Lake, nor any others, such as Arians, Socinians, and Pelagians., et hoc genus omne, whose systems of belief and unbelief existed before the Reformation, and were sometimes en throned in the Holy City,' embraced by Popes, and authorised by councils, with the due allow ance of anathemas against all who might ques tion them. Such may now protest against the Papacy, as they did long ago, whenever it dealt unfriendly with them ; but this does not make the Protestant Churches of tho Reformation, with which they have never had any communion, responsible for their heresies. If the Roman Church 'is infallible,' 'Arianism is true,' for it has been stamped ' by her imprimatur.' Before I have done with ' Amicus Sapientiae,' I hope to convince him that his church is even more ' Catholic' than he supposes. I undertake to prove by their creeds, their confessions, and their Articles, that the Protcs tant Churches — Lutheran and Calvinistic — which embrace all tho churches of the Reformation, ' aro one' in faith and morals, in all that is necessary to salvation ; and, also, that their faith and morals arc those taught in the Scriptures, and maintained during the three first centuries of the Christian Church. I undertake to prove that tho variations of, what your correspondent would call Catholicism, are a thousand fold more numerous than those of Protestantism, and in finitely more important, as the variations among the latter concern only circumstantials of discipline and ceremony, while tho variations of tho former concern doctrines necessary to salvation, and at tho same time are variations that proclaim tho Corporation that calls itself the Catholic Church, to be an apostate and an impostor, inasmuch as ' it claims to be infalli ble, semper eadem !' No boast was ever so empty as this. Semper mutabilis would be more appropriate. I am prepared to prove all I have alleged regarding tho variations of Popery —to show when, and where, and how every new doctrine, was added, and every new pretension was embraced in the system, till it has come to what it is now— and how theologians have been opposed to Theologians, and Popes to Popes, ana Councils to Councils— and how tho system, which goes under the name of the Catholic Church has been broken up into conflicting sects, more divergent from each other, and more rancorous in their oppositions to each other than those that exist among Protestants. I will close with St. Hilary's description of tho variations or his own day:— 'Tot nunc fides existere, quot voluntales: et tot nobis doetrinas esse, quot mores. Fides scribuntur, ut volumus ant.ita, ut volumus, intolliguntur/ Annuus aluno nicnstnias, de Deo, fides docerniinus.' ' Our creeds, in the present day, nre numerous as our notions, and our doctrines as our manners. Confessions of faith aro arbitrarily compiled, or arbitrarily interpreted. Wo sanc tion nnnnul and monthly creeds, ou ' the subject of the Deity.'' „ , iEQDITAS. ??Newcastle, Sept. 25, ISM. _P. S. — I do uot wish to como into contact with 'Amicus Sapiontia3,'as it might Iuad to personalities in our future correspondence— a thing to. be avoided. He would place mo under a ' weighty' obligation by having his ' Uaro niusm tho 'original'' left at your office that f. might have the privilege of consulting it. In »uch a case, I would gladly pay the carter's charges for transporting it to and fro. I wish he had an 'English version' of the great Annalist to o/ler mo. What a (curiosity it would be. A. 