The American Vesuvius. Bald Mountain, a new volcano in North Caro- lina. is doing missionary work in its neighbourhood. Thy American rival of Vesuvius, as it already named, has been "interviewed,and the result communicated to the world. The shocks, described by the correspondent of the New ) <•: !.: Di j-iiiii as "commencing with a noise like that of a smo'hered blast, and followed by a low Tumblingsound," areproducing a mostprol'ound effect upon the inhabitants of the district. At a farmhouse where the writer halted during his ascent of the mountain he found a crowd of terrorrto'riys-; d^wli-.J.!' 1 .'-: . who , lift y for that amount, "because he did not v.-ant to go out of the wourld owing a cent to any man.'" And his feelings are shared by the whole population. Prayer meetings are held, at which the most extr.ioidinary conversions are made. Those at "Elliott's house, at the base <;l Stone .Mountain," are described as of a most enthusiastic nature. During thei •• continuance, oii the fifth day, a singular scene occurred. " perfect Kip van Winkle appeared in the person of Major Bende, 1 an illicit distiller.' The Major, who carried on bin .sinful irailic in the very bowels of the mountain' and was seldom seen by humans,'' 1 appeared as pale as a ghost, and exclaimed, "It's coming and thai- ain't no use a talkin.' Ef you liad be'n sliuk as bad as I, you wouldn't be a waiuin' nothin' imt religion." The old man then told how therumbling noises determined him to come down tlie mountain, mend bis ways and go distilling. Thinking the world was coming to an end, all he wanted was "a revenue officer to whom he might confess his transgressions against the Government." But the revenue officers had fled the night before from the same cause. They had a 1 tended meeting, during which "the severe shocks so frigh'eiied than" that they ordered their horses and "put off in a hurry." A negro preacher has improved the occasion and made numerous conversions. The only fear is ilia when danger disappears the converts will return to their old ways. 