" ' TALES AND SKEICHES. ST. M A R K ' S E V E . CHAPTER I. ON THE OLD WALL. J "Shut-e!" said Jenny Lewis, opening bcr large brown eyes to their lullest extent, while her delicate checks grew a shade paler even than usual. .'" True 1 rueas as fi°spel, gospel, ray dear," asserted . ol,i Wonia »> who sat on the opjo SCil1 ol the boeeysuckle porch. .:• "And as any one ever done it ?" asked the girl. - - - t " Many and thany," said the dame, shaking her toothless head. " There was Mien Griffiths, when I «»SH girl. Let inesec, I was fifteen then It was fi.ty year ago c jtuc to mori night. l-'iity year! That's what they call half a sentry, and 1 mind it as well un well as i( it were yesterday. Halfnsentry !" "Well, well!" said Jenny, impatiently. " What did Ellen Griffiths do?" '* It was on St. Mark's Eve, just as it might be to- morrow, you know," contiuued the old woman. " And lillen, she was always a curious one, and must needs be always at everything secret, like as a moth at a caudle. Well, she heard tell of all 1 have been saying to you, that any one who passes the night in the church ponh on the Eve of St. Mark will see ail the people ol the parish who ate to die in tlie year pass by." ' And suppose no one is goiDg to die next year ?" ''Then you would not see anything at all. Well, Ellen was not content to believe this quietly, like other lolks, but she must go prying for herself. So she tells no one—or she would not have been let to go^but she steals down "quietly at night, while lier father and mother were asleep, an she opens the aoor, and makes straight for the church porch, where the sexton, who had a grave to dig, found her lyiug senseless in the morning." I'Then she had seen something," said Jenny, whiter than ever. " She had seen Herself.'" "Seen hetself! How could thai be?" " I don't know. • It was a sperrit like herself, I suppose. But she died on the day before the next St. Mark's Eve, to-day( as it might be, just within the yea'T," "Shure!" " All, it is awful and wicked thing to be unbelieving and prying, and never comcs 1o any good." I wonder," said Jenny, after a pause, " whether any one will die next year? ' Lor, child, don't talk and look like that, 1 ' cried the old woman. You are enough to frighten otic. What have you to do with death ? It's marriage rather you should be talking of.'' Nonsense, Bridget! I never want to marry." " It doesn't matter what we want when a thing is to "be," said the old gossip, shaking her head. It was. not lor notbing.that three tens catnc together the last time we consulted the cards, or that—:— Well, my goodness, look there ! If there ain't three magpies !" " But the chestnut popped obt of the fffe, and—I had soouef keep my liberty." Ah, so they all say 1 But it is not fit that a, young girl like you should live alone with an old woman like unc mo.. uiu. The *nc prettiest preiue»i< girl gin in11 the county, too, With her own luud ju Jibe a ludy, and nobody but old Wil- |iallls to look after it, and a deal ol uso 1)e js , W b tl)e s • c|ose ; a11 (||istj g J you would say that .u,.-. » 1 • . ,7. the bit of Wheat was sowed with J pop pies, and a few grains of corn had got in by -mistake. No, wlmt you want is an active, handsome, well-todo young husband." "Get out, Bridget!" Not like dark Morgan, who used to be always pestering j ott, till you said him No, plain, and who hall frightened 111c to death, whenever he came near, with his strange ways and wild looks, but a nice, rcspcctablc man like Mi>ter I'honi.is." "J shan't liste 1 to your honsens'e any longer! " ciicd out Jenny, (jetting up Irotu her seat. " I shall step down to the wood to listen to the iiightin 1- gale. _ How beautiful he do sing this " evening to be sure-!" And without troubling to put on hood, hat, or bonnet, Miss Jenny tripped lighlly away iu the dircctioi 11 named. •'Well, 1 never heard fell of H ' nightingale that whistled a lum before," , murmured old Bridget, with a Chuckle-, Iks she wetlt into the house, The old eirl tvas"tiot 'prolific in „ ords'of wisdohl; but WIien she said ,( that a good husband would be a companion more likely to ensure Jenny's happiness than herself, she stumbled y luck upon a' sensible remark.: Jenny "nny Lewis was an orphan, placcd an exceptional position. 1 do not know '»' why I should not claim for her the title of aristocrat, 'as she'certainly belonged to 'an.'old county family, her father, grandfather, etc.'etc. ctc. (lor a number of generations which might put many Norfolk turkey-cocks to the blush), having held and transmit-; ted the same lauded property which had now fallen into her hands, and must pase, either oh her tnariiage or death, in- anothpr male line. However plucky a race a family may make of it, it can never win a match against time ; the old sleuth-. Iiouud is fibre to'ruu it to earth at The only thing, indeed, against the -probability ol her hloud being of that particular blue tint which we all lcuow nms in the veins ol those who.se progenitors have been ctirouicled lor a certain number of generation's, was that the hereditary possessions were very small, and the Ibrtuncd of the Lewis family had never either ebbed or floiveij, but had remained at a dead level, and" that a very humble one, since the da\'s when the original ancestor had his five acres of South Wales allotted to him by Noah, only making a slight spurt up now that the name was threatened with extinction, like a burning boiise Vhen the roof falls in. - 'For Jenny, though not particularly wealthy, was the only one of her race who had inherited cash as well as land. Her lather, moneyloving and industrious, had not found the cultivation of his own little plot sufficient occupation, and had worked at times on tbe estate of the lord of the manor, degrading bis lineage, but putting a lew very welcome pounds in bis pocket; and in these practical' times when noblemen sell their salmon to the fishmonger, their game to the poulterer, their pineapples to 'thefruiterer, their names and titles to stock jobbing companies (limited) who will throw the first stone at him 5 Jenhy, then, who bad lost her mother while quite ain infant, and had in early childhood and maiJcnhood held a position midway between the daughter ol a farmer and that ol a laborer, found hersell, on her father's death, sole possessor of three acres of pasture, two of arable, twelve sheep, two cows, four pigs, and a nice, white, thatched cottage in excellent repair, situated on the 'side of.a gentle hill, with a wood some few hundred yards above a(nd behind it, the simple village church a gunshot below it, and tho straggling village a mile to tbe left along the valley. But in addition to hon&e; and farm, which evcryoudy knew would be hers, Jenny also inherited £150, which was lodged to her lather's credit in lhe: savings bauk of the nearest town. Jenny Lewis was not only the prettiest girl in all the country round, sliu was quite au heiress. But she could not read very fluently, and her writing was not much to boast of, thoueb she could milk a cow, cook, make bread, and manage a household cbpitally. She could not d6 farmwork, however, and had to hire old Williams for the inefficient performance of that'; while Bridget, : the woman who had taken care of her when she lost her mother, and until she was old enough to keep house for her father, had now fixed her permanent above with theorpham girl, who could not exactly live alone eVea in that secluded Welsh valley. Bridget had a thousand virtues find one great weakness, which was superstition ; and this, was particularly unfortunate, since Jenny was an imaginative and nervous girl, for whom the marvellous bad a terribly strong attraction ;' and the faithful old nurse had lrom the first fed her charge plentifully with ghastly stories, which ouly sufficed to make her own nerves thrill pleasantly, while they had an effect almost maddening upon the more deiicatB organisation of her' listeucr. For the girl's temperament was analogous to that o f those inconsistent persons whose intense horror of heights lakes the form of an impulse to juuip from the edge of any precipice which they may find themselves skirting, and she.had formed the resolution to pass the-followiug night in the church, and test the truth of this Ipccnd, and he'r own powers as a seer. Nor was this a sudden f incy, but one which had grown gradually upon her, and had been often combated by fear before it gained its present hold upon her niiud. For this superstition con-1 nected with St. Mark's Eve, with the corroborative history of the ill fated Ellen Griffiths, had veiy, very olteu been treated ol liv old Bridget, though Jenny, who kuen every word which was coming, listeneu to tile hundredtimes, told tale with unflinching in i terestttn1aiteii'i()u model liateiVcr.; But I do not think that the Uttfe head ol Jenny Lewis was en'lifel$ fillled with ghost's, as she saunterea through the meadow tilll she rekcVeft tlie rude 'stone wall which separbteS it from the wood, and mounting lightly by the slabs which were left protruding for that purpose, seated herself on' the top. At least, person^ absorbed in spiritual meditation d6 not generally bum lively tunes, whicli she was at present doing, doubtless to oxc'ite the emulation of the nightingale. • , . It proved attractive to another biped,, not a feathered one, but one iii broadcloth; a broad-faced, honestylooking young man, red, frcckled; ami with high cheek-bones, own, but' ft sturdy fellow, g"ol«upin his Sunday beat, With a Sower in his button-hole, who "came up on the other, or wood sidcol tlie wall, .which he mounte^y and quietly seated hithsglf beside tlie songstress _„ . "Lor, Mr Thomas!" she cried', "how you made, me jum'p ! wh6 nould ever have ihnti^'it of stieiug yoi here?''. " Not you, for one," replied the young man, " or you would not * Mr Thouias- 1 me, 1 suppose. Why, Jehny, how nice you do look this evening." " Nonsense !" " It's tbe setting sun oh yoiit cheeks, I think ; I never did see anything look so soil and tempting. Just one," [To be continued in our n'ext.] 