Kadina Jottings. On perusing your issue of Friday 20tli, I noticed a paragraph in the local news that is calculated not only to convey a false impression but to materially damage our cause. The paragraph refers to the BARUNGA ROAD This is a question of great importance to the Peninsula in general and Kadina in particular, and the justice and propriety of the scheme no one (but one or two astute Crown Ministers) will deny. You state that the length of the road is 35 miles. This is a grave error, and whoever your informant may be, he is evidently unaepuainted with the I subject. I am given to understand that it is j some one eonnected with the Government staff. Well all I can say it. is a great pity if such i ; the case that he is not better posted up in this matter. [Our informant was the Surveyor General and from our personal knowledge of him extending over a period of well-nigh a score years, we know that he would not intentionally deceive. The question as to his acquaintance with the subject may be as well judged of by the general public a." ourselves. We have only one desire in the matter : to promote as earnestly as we can the welfare of that pari: of the district.—ED.] I had the pleasure of seeing a diagram <1 the road, sketched by one of the gentlemen employed on the work, and hi-? statement i* that the distance from Kadina to the Barunga Gap is 234 miles, that is in the Hummocks range—a very great difference is it net from your statement of 35 miles ? The frafarmers are located 2 miles nearer Kadina. So that the argument anent going the old track via Ninnes Plains in consequence of being no water supply on the new tracks is fallacious, for after having travelled a dis- tance of 13 miles or thereabouts, to Ninnes Plains, they would have just as far to go without a supply of water as if they had gone direct from their homesteads. Of course your remarks re wear of bush tracks are correct, but I really think that it will not apply to the present case, as before next harvest I hope to see a seheme before the House for either a Railway to Hope's Gap, or a good macadanised road to Barunga both perhaps, who knows ? Your Jotter _doesn't lay claim to possess in any degree the spirit of prophecy, but you know when other- regarded the surveying of the present line of road as a failure , your jotter looked upon it as a certainty; and I only trust that in my present suggestion I may prove as correct. I see from your contemporary of Saturday that grandiloquent writer who rejoices in the vom de plume of WALKING GHOST has been saying some hard things about your Jotter. I was not. aware that I had given Walking Ghost any grounds for umb age. Your Jotter is naturally timid (from his youth I suppose) and would upon no account like to rouse the ire of any one's Ghost. It however strikes me very forcibly that " Walking Ghost" writes simply for lack of better employment. Thi.s is a great pity, for the matter that emanates from him could well bear being marked with the Yankee term "bunkum." Who can read his milk andwater effusion of Saturday last without being struck with its entire want f fk_n.se ? He is apparently struck by the word " omniscient," and is vidently very fond of old women. May l^e he is an old woman 1 Perhaps since his decease he has mistaken his identity and after all, is 111 reality only " Ghost" of son.e departed shrew. This much I do know that his anxiety foe his beloved ,T. C. ; s certainly " Old Womanish " Ghost pathetically asks " Can he ever come to the world I belong to ?" Well really if he is so " cantakkerous," and utter y devoid of sense, in the world, I really should nor, like to live in the same community; for I think his " house" would bear comparison with Mark Twain's description of a portion of California for " heat." By. the by, I sometimes fancy that " Walking Ghost" if asked, would give up his peripatetic ways, resumes his discarded trunk, and coi t ;st the mayoralty ! But why talk of such a matter, when he would do the same provided he were done the honor of being elected as a Councillor. By Jove ! Would'nt, the poor Councillors smart if he could only assume the reins of Government ! Why if *ueh were the case your Jotter believes that Kadina would be a second Rome with a J as its Emperor. Ghost" evidently put his foot into it when he said the Ghost would observe it is a fact that he spells his name with three letters and so does an A—S ! Oh clever Ghost! O mojor tendem pnrcas, inmn>? : minor}. There is an evident stir in MUNICIPAL MATTERS, and it is likely that there will b-.' some severe contests for ihe representation of several of the wnrr-a. Mr. Kcstall wiil contest Hughes Ward with Mr. Haddy. and Mr. W. Harris is likely to stand for Elder Ward in opposition to Mr. D. Brown. Mr. Julian is spoken of as the favorite i'or Taylor Ward, and from the general expression* of opinion, I think that a very large per centage of new blood will be introduced info the Council PRIVATE ENTERPRISE is not altogether defunct 111 our locality. Mr. R. Haslegrove. of the Kadina Hotel, has started a new steam chaff-cutter, and I believe that this enterprise and business-like step of Mr. Haslegrove will prove a source of remuneration. Ourmachinifits are kept very busy in consequence of ihe increase mining of agriculturists that are settling in our vicinity. I happened to visit the yards of Messrs. Bawden and McCracken and was surpri ed to see the very large collection of agricultural implements lying about. This firm has turned out some first-class reapers, and they are receiving orders for more, three being now in course of construction. THE PARLIAMENT having been prorogued. I had anticipated that some political aspirants would have been am on est us "speechifying." and enlightening our dark minds on the great, measures that are to eneross public attention. I should veiy much like to secure from those gentlemen who intend to canvass Peninsula sufferage their opinions 011 various matters touching our interests. I trust our townspeople will look sharply after -'railway extensions to Hope's Gap." I feel greatly interested in the Northerly Areas of Barunga. Came roil, and Broughton extension, for I cannot but consider that the Peninsula is the legitim te market for their produce. We mnst look after our interests, and as surely as we agitate our requirements with persistence we shall succeed. "Our wants are our strength" and if they are only advocated with ability, the result will be satisfactory. THE HOME MARKETS.—The latest press telegram is as follows : —The copper market is steady, and prices are firm. Chili is quoted at from £88 to £89 : and Wallaroo at £96 10s. The tin market is firm, with hardening prices. Straits is quoted at £94, and Australian at £93 10s. Wheat is firmer ; Australian is quoted at 49s. io 54s. per 496 lbs. IN Melbourne, the prospectus has been issued of a new weekly periodical to be called the Gossip, which it is intended shall be of a satirical and gossiping character, and will be devoted more particularly to the interests of ladies, giving fuller accounts of fashionable marriages, balls, and other public gatherings han are given by the daily journal?. 