NEWS AND NOTES. We see that the ministerial papers are claiming a great victory for the Ministry in the elections just concluded. We can only infer that the speeches made by the candidates returned have not been read, or that there is a lofty disregard of what the successful caudidates did say. We see that some who strongly condemned the ministerial scheme are put down as supporters of the Ministry, which is, to say the least, cool. "An anonymous correspondent, who, for anything we know, is still at large,, writes with respect to the general elections:—“ I object in tote to those persons whose religion is opposed to the ‘ Holy Trinity— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,’as acknowledged in the British Constitution. A person merely professing there is a God, and denying the divinity, of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, is not a fit and proper per son to legislate for a Christian people,” : ■ Up to last night no information had been received of the missing woman Gallagher, who is supposed to have been swept by the- storm-water into the Eyre street culvert about ten days since. Since the sup posed accident strong post-and-rail fences have been erected round the three entrances to the culvert, to prevent the possibility of a similar occurrence. At one time during the meeting of the Town Coun cil on Friday evening there was every appearance of a stormy debate. Councillor Dodds strenuously op posed the changing of the name Xavier Park to “Ivey Park and Gardens.” Councillor Scott acted as leader of the debate, and took a long time to explain that the changing of the name was in order to secure the Government grant for gardens, and when pushed by Councillor Dodds for further reasons he said that as Councillor Ivey had beenso lougidentified with the town, it was only just that the council should confer the' honor on him. Cr Dodds thought that the “gardens” should bo added, and the name “Xavier” retained. Cr Ivey wanted his name withdrawn, at the same time delivering a vehement speech opposed to the perpetuation of the fame of St. Xavier, who, he said, died 400 years ago. Ultimately, after a little warmth had been imported into the debate, Cr Ivey retired from the ■ council chamber and Cr Dodds did the same. This left the council without a quorum, and Or Ivey was brought hack; and he was followed by Cr Dodds. The motion for the alteration was then put and carried, Cr Dodds voting against it. Other alterations in the names of reserves and streets were made, to which Cr Dodds objected on the ground that old Ballarat men would fail in-the future to recognise the Ballarat landiharks of the past. The Bungareeshire Council has determined; to pro ceed with the completion of the State forest road in the matter of the mile and a half required to connect the road from O’Neil’s with the North Melbourne road. -The formation; of this portion has been fora longtime in dispute with the Buninyongshire Coun cil, but Bungareeshire has now decided on calling tenders''{py the work,'to make the road available as soon as possible, ; "The monthly meeting of the Town Mission Com mittee was held on Friday evening; present—Mr M. D.' ' Morgan (chairman), and Messrs Thacker, Thomas, 'Davis, Ham, Savage, Whitehead,: and Summerscales.. The missionary, Mr Hosking, reported that he had made* 187 visits ip hOiige-to- jioose visitation during the month; 38 cases of distress had been relieved, the sum of £3 17s being expended for this object., 20 religious services had been held during the month, in cluding 5 at the female refuge. • The Mission Sunday schooj was reported in , a satisfactory condition. It was resolved to advertise for the purchase of a build ing for the use of the Mission services, tl)e present building being small and inconvenient, A vote of thanks was passed to the authorities of Ballarat West Wesl.eyap Circuit for 3 collection of' £lO 10s gd made on hehajf of the Mission. ■ A farm laborer named William Barry, in the employ of Mr John Shaw, Ascot, while proceeding home from the Ballarat market bn Thursday evening, was thrown ■ from the waggon which he,'was driving, and killed. It appears that the attention of some persons near Ogilvy’s hotel, Ascot, was first attracted by the horses galloping past without a driver, and on proceeding up the road, Barry was found lying dead on the roach ■ It is presumed, therefore, that thehorseshad bolted, and that the deceased was thrown from the cart, the wheels passing oyer him and. crushing him to death. The body was removed tp Mr' Slew’s farm, where an inquest wilLbe" held, : , ■». The Police Ouzelte says that Edward Spicer is; charged, on-warrant, with sending a threatening letter to his wife,'Annie Spicer, at Ballarat, on :the' 28th ultimo; and that Susan Mooney is charged with ab sconding from the Abbotsford Kefbrmatofy on the 2f th ultimo. ; She is a native of Ballarat, 18 years of age, .4;feet IQ ip'efieijhigh, : .stout build,'- dark com plexion,'brown hair, grey’ eyes'; wore blue skiff; and colored print jacket. • ’’ ; : ;Jt is supposed (says the Argus) that,the person who unfortunately lost his life by . falling off the Falla Bridge on. Monday last, was Mr Henry Waugh, brother 1 .of Mr George Waugh, teller in tho'Coloriial Bank. Mr I Waugh has been missing since the Gth inst., and was J seen on the evening o£ that date going in the direction •of the bridge. . 's-i; ■ 3--I . \ child named John M’lver, aged' two years and months, son of aminer r living at-Golden Point, yvas drowned-in • a ’watorhole near -bis parents’ resi-fi deuce at half-past three o’clock on Friday afternoon, i The deceased’s parents were from home at the time; of the unfortunate accide’ntr, riAn inquest will be held; I .at the Dudley, Castle hotel at noun do-day. . . I' When children of'tender years afe"to be exnmined in evidence at the police-courts,.it is the custom of the bench to first put them though their catechism regard-, big theological subjects, such for instance as to where" the witness thinks he or she, as the caselmay be, will the truth is not told. A boy attending Mr Carey's school underwent the ordeal onTriday at the City Police-court, antf; bis'answer to the important question was one which if every person who goes into the witness-box remembered there would be less beard about perjury cases. The boy said that he knew if he told a lie he would be sent to gaol for puuishment. Although this was strictly true regarding the punish ment meted out to offenders in this world, the bench insisted upon, a theological answer to the question, and the boy hadthen to say.that he believed he would be burnt in a fire hereafter. This was considered satis factory, and the juvenile’s evidence was taken at once. .... A groom named Henry Thompson, living in Have lock street, was taken to the Hospital on Friday, with his ankle dislocated.;' He had been leading a young I horse, and the animal, oh attempting to bolt, pulled Thompson to the ground, and caused the injury by his foot turning under him-in falling. On Friday, while a funeral procession was passing along Bridge .street, a.hprse.in one of .the vehicles <j became startled and rushed ’on to the’footpath, dam aging the shop front of Mr Bursch, tailor, to the ex tent of breaking a large pane of glass in one of the windows. | . An inspection of the butchers’ premises in the town :| was made on Friday by the inspector. At various places: instructions were given ,as to. how, certain nuisances were -to be abated. ‘Shopkeepers’’having unsafe or old verandahs in front of their premises were also informed that they must have them re paired, and- leaky verandahs:■ must - he- made water proof.. At the City Police-court on Friday the jury lists for the several divisionsiofrthe : Ballarat' district were; revised. David Boss, charged with having stolen a large sum of money from- Thomas Ralston, farmer at the Springs, was,,committed for trial at the Circuit Court. Two men, named Michael Riordan and Thomas Gollard, were lodged in the Eastern lock-up on Friday evening by Constable Brennan; on a charge of-having behaved in a threatening manner in the street. The aged man named Davey, referred to in our issue of the Bth inst..as having;been charitably treated by Sergeant Lamer, is still in a very bad state. The ; poor fellow is not'expected to recover, and. the ser geant at his own expense- has sent a medical man to attend him. At the Town Police-court on Friday, John Webster and-Heriry Plane were • remanded till ■ the 13th inst. on a charge of having stolen wearing , apparel,. &c.;, from Duncan M'Kenzie, farmer, residing at Skipton.; A Chinaman, named ,Guin Lung, was also remanded till the 13th inst, un a charge - of vagrancy. The mayor attended at the court-house. At the Smythesdale Police-court on Friday, Mr J. Quinan, acting-clerk of courts, called the 'atterition of: the bench to the fact that there was about £5 in the poor box, and the bench-, ordered ■ the money to be , handed over to the Scarsdale Relief Fund. The Pleasant Creek Chronicle charges our Stawell correspondent with suppression •of the truth in not’ saying that the Chronicle, as well as the iVei os, adver tised the late charity fete gratuitously. We presume that our correspondent failed to acquaint-himself: with the fact now revealed by .the Chronicle as to the ad vertising. Mr J. M. Howe, of Mount Prospect, has been elec ted a member for the east riding of:-the shire of Creswick, being the only candidate nominated to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Councillor G. Graves. . ’ A farewell tea-meeting was given at Creswick, on Wednesday, Bth instant, to the Rev. J. 0. Coomb, B. minister, and his wife, who are taking their de parture for Englaud. During the evening the rev. - gentleman was presented. by the Rev. Mr Crisp, on behalf of his friends, with a purse of sovereigns, accompanied by what, no doubt, would be valued sis much as the'handsome-gift; namely, tile-expressions of respect and esteem in which that gentleman was held by bis large circle- of acquaintances and friends. Mr Coomb made a suitable response. -Sir John O’Shanassy. is reported (says the Age) to be anxious to take a more active part in politics, and has expressed a desire to resign his seat in the Council with a view to obtaining one in the Legislative As sembly. Acting upon this understanding many of his friends have been feeling the pulse of the Kilmore electorate for the purpose of placing him in nomina tion. . Mr Foster, the medium, not satisfied with the re ception he has met with in Melbourne, has determined (says the Aye) to cut short his-visit. He has engaged his passage by the Mongol on her next trip to San Francisco, and will leave this about the end of the present month. A tea-meeting for the benefit of the funds of the cemetery at Clarendon was held at the Clarendon Hall ou Easter Monday night. The' sum realised ex ceeds £lO. Fully 200' people attended, who all seemed to enjoy themselves and to be satisfied with the comforts supplied by-Mr Sleeman, of- Buninyong, and the musical performance of the popular and well known local players, -. Messrs Cook and - Heather. Messrs M'Cabe and: Heather, two of the trustees, de serve special commendation for the excellent arrange ments they adopted and the untiring efforts they made to bring the meeting to a successful issue. \- . The following contributions have been made to-the School of Mines since the 13th March:—Mining Com pany—Tookey Quartz Mining Company, Mew Zea land, :£1 Is. Banks —Australasia, £2 2s; London Chartered, £2 2s; Union/-£2 2s;" Thomas -Bath, Learmonth, £1 Is; Irvine Coulter, Ballarat, £1 Is; J. M. Davey, do, £1 Is; Eyres Bros., do, £1 Is; R. Gibbings, do, £1 Is; C. W. Gibson, do, £1 Is; J. J. Goller-and Cos., do, £1 Is; A. Lester, do, £1 Is; Thos. Rogers, do, £2 2s; James Smith,, do, £1 Is; Samuel Steele, do, £1 Is; Victoria Lime and Cement Com pany, do, £1 Is; C. M. Watson, do, £1: Is; W. P. Whitcombe, do, £1 Is; David White, Stawell, £1 Is; M. P. Whiteside, Ballarat, £1 Is; Wooten and Fraser, do, £1 Is; R. F. Bryant, carb. of lime; E. Le B. Collas, carb. of iron; Edward James, copper, iron, pyrites, fossil wood, and I vols. " Engineering;” And. Martin, plan self- acting water-pressure engine; Minerva Company, Elaine, £5 towards pyrites works. The Creswick Advertiser reports the death by drowning, at Powlett’s Hill, on Thursday, of a man named John M'Kay. With regard to the reduction of wages at Moonta, the Wallaroo Times says:—“ We regret to state that the lowness of the market price of copper, the in creasing cost of mining materials, and the daily enlarging charges attendant upon the prosecution of operations at increasingly low depths, have compelled the directors of the Moonta and Wallaroo Mines to resort to the unpleasant extremity of reduciug the wages of the men employ ed" upon the mines, and also adopt other means of retrenchment in order to carry out operations with reasonable profit. We have reason to believe that the owners of these mines have, with the utmost repugnance, been compelled to take the step referred, and it will redound much to the credit of workman if they', with a good grace, accept their inevitable position and hope for better things. The reduction dates from-the Ist of April.” The Rev. R. Connebee, of Kew, will preach in Trinity Independent Church to-morrow, morning and evening. The Rev. J. Albiston will preach in Barkly street to-merrow evening, and-the Rev. D. S. Lind say in .Neil street. The Rev. Canon Eecher will preach in All Saints’ Church to-morrow,-morning and evening. - a Owners of greyhounds are reminded that nomina tions for the Ballarat All-aged Stakes in connection with the Coursing Club, must be made - With the secretary, at the Club hotel, before next Monday, at 5 p.m. The prizes offered are very liberal, the first dog being entitled to 4(30 10s and a cup; second, £25;. third and fourth, £lO each; and the following four,. prices of £3 3s each, ' ,’ A splendid prize-list in connection with the pro-,, jected Fine Arts Exhibition ’at the Mechanics’ Insti tute is advertised in ouf columns this morning. The exhibition will open on the 27th inst., and the money value of the first prize is £2OOO. , , A return. match, will be -played on the Western Oval to-day, between’ the second eleven of .the City C. and. gn eleyen of the Albert Club. .The following qrs the teams:— : Alhert Olub- rAiigus, Antcliffe, Dime low, Dusautoy, Clarke, Sherafd, T., Quail, Rushton, A: Walker, Turner,: R, E.: Williams; emergency—T. Williams, J. Walker. City Club—Owen, Williams, M'Orae, Davis, Ditchburn, White, J. Morey, Hunt, Shanks, J. Walker, Reid; emergency—Philp and King. J ’ The final tussles for the Whitelaw statuette prize, and for the first holding of the Trenerry prize cup came off on; the Bowling-green on Friday. -The ; cup was won by Mr, S. Baird, and the statuette by Mr Withers.. The first drawing in'the second course of competitions for the cup'was made on Friday evening. A. meeting of, person’s interested, in the, Right-hour Anniversary will take place this evenihg;at, the’Budk’a; Head hotel, - - : ■, --. ' ■ 