The Northern Argus. FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1874. It is difficult to imagine what Parlia- ment intends to do in reference to the main roads of the province. Every year a Road Bill is brought forward, and a deal of time wasted in vague discussion, without any practical good being accomplished, which is almost conclusive proof that our legislators are not able to grapple with the sub- ject. The country looked forward to this session with more than usual inte- rest, because it was fully expected that the long vexed question would receive careful consideration, and a Bill per- fected that would fully meet require- ments and satisfy the various districts. Such, however, is not the case, and the country is once more doomed to disappointment, and left to draw con- clusions as lo whether this Parliament will yet resolutely set to work on this subject in order to redeem their cha- racter, so as to have a chance of re- election when the time arrives for forming a new and more important Legislature. Not a few are loud in their denunciation of the Government, more especially the Commissioner of Public Works, as manifesting a want of courage and with bringing forward a Bill lax and unworkable in its general principles. But we regard such utterances as unjust to the Go- vernment, who, in this particular, de- served better treatment from the House, and the majority of mem- bers care very little for the real good of the country, or they would not trifle with such an important mea- sure. It is well known that the Cen- tral Road Board, though in every way adapted for the supervision of the main. lines of road when first constituted, are now altogether inadequate to manage the extended lines now requiring to be made and maintained. On a former occasion Mr. Bright brought forward a Bill under which the maintenance of the roads would be partly from local taxation, which proved a most objec- tionable feature, and with other imperfections led to its rejection. See- ing that something must be done, and undaunted by defeat, he made another attempt, but former failures having made him more careful he ex- cluded everything that was likely to mar or in any way prejudice its passage through Parliament. The Government were prepared to receive any sugges- tion so as to get it as perfect as possi- ble, It was not expected to be new in every particular, or without flaw, but it was thought to approach nearer to what was required for the development of the country than any former Bill, and we certainly think it deserved a better fate. In order to lessen the cost of supervision, power was to be given to the Central District to con- struct roads in the Midland and Penin- sula Districts, but, knowing there was a feeling of opposition to the scheme in that particular, the Government ex- pressed themselves willing to yield that point rather than binder the pass- ing of the Bill. There are several things connected with the measure that might be improved, and which would have tended to its more easy and inexpensive working; but the plain truth is that the House would not accept it in any form, no matter though the country suffer in conse- quence. We feel that Mr. Bright has done his duty in bringing it forward, and when members reflect on their cowardly and ungentlemanly course in order to effect a defeat, they may be prepared to acknowledge their fault and make restitution, and in future be more reasonable to the Government, especially when measures of such im- portance are brought forward. Our legislation is seemingly a farce, and it is surprising that men of intelli- gence and position should countenance such trifling, more especially at a time when every facility ought to be given to the various districts to construct roads leading to the interior. Already there are 1,470 miles of road under the management of the Central Board, not including the South-Eastern, Port Lincoln, and Port Augusta districts. It is sufficient to convince any one that different machinery is required to keep up properly macadamized roads in the interior. It is impossible to continue much longer under such neglect, for almost every road in the colony ought to undergo immediate repair, or traffic will become very tedious and expensive. No less than £1,635,135 has been expended upon the construction of main roads, the greater portion of which has been laid out in the Central District—a conclusive proof that the continuance of such a system would be most ruinous to the country. The| Association of District Chairmen ap- proved of the main features of the Bill, and their suggestions that some amendments would be necessary could not be regarded as a feeling of anta- gonism. Moreover, Mr. Bright ex- pressed a willingness on the part of the Government to make improvements where pointed out to be essential to its working. Roads are wanted in the country recently taken up and culti- vated, and seeing this the Parliament ought to have been more united in giving effect to the Bill. The roads of the colony, if they are to be properly maintained, must be looked after by persons in the district who are thoroughly acquainted with the country and its requirements. Mr. Angas favored that idea, because the parts hitherto ignored would be properly cared for; that, in fact, a new era would commence under the proposed Bill that would materially help in opening up the interior. Mr. Pearce objected to the Bill because it dealt only with the stone roads. What he wanted was something comprehen- sive, so as to embrace railways, canals, and navigable rivers. No doubt every means of transit would be anticipated in the Road Bill; there would be feeders to the seaboard as well as to the trunk lines, and with proper legislation there need be no clashing, although not all included in the Bill under con- sideration. Although the discussion on the measure was rudely interrupted by a count out of the House, it is not altogether snuffed out, but will be further discussed, notwithstanding the sneers of Mr. Boucaut, who appeared anxious to know if the Government were serious on the road question. — — — In a young and rising country, with a stream of population gradually flow- ing to it imbued with a spirit of ad- venture and enterprise and a wide field for the exercise of the same, we are not surprised to see the barren waste brought under cultivation, and townships springing up as the fruit of industry. Under such circumstances there is often a difficulty in obtaining the facilities and the means of commu- nication that are to be found in old established districts. The people, therefore, are obliged to put up with many inconveniences, and, as a rule, they willingly submit, unless the discover neglect or indifference to their interests, especially in the transmission of letters. There are, no doubt, postal irregularities unknown to the head of the department, which, although regarded as trivial by subor- dinates, nevertheless act injuriously on the community. Other evils exist, which need attention from the proper authorities. We think that an im- provement could be made in the trans- mission of letters to Clare and the Northern areas, for at present there is much unnecessary delay, and it ought to be avoided. Under the present postal regulations the mails are brought on from Saddleworth to Clare by coach, whereas if brought on to the Farrell's Flat station the mails could be delivered in Clare an hour and a half earlier. There is necessarily great delay on Tuesdays and Fridays on account of the Northern mails having to be sorted at Clare and dispatched before delivery takes place. If the bulk of the mail was taken by Farrell's Flat the postmaster here could have it all sorted before the Sad- dleworth coach arrived, and as it would only have the mails from the interme- diate townships very little time would be required in sorting, and the Post- Office business would be done with greater ease in addition to the early delivery. It is rather annoying to think that a passenger by the train from Adelaide to Farrell's Flat can walk from there to Clare, having the daily papers with him, before we can get our mails. We feel assured that the Postmaster-General will consider the matter, as the present arrangement is detrimental to the general interests, and the cost of the alteration would be but trifling. We have mentioned the subject to several of the business men of the place, all of whom would gladly welcome the change, and they consider it of sufficient importance to justify the residents in memorializing the Post master-General. We hardly think that will be necessary,because the advantages that would accrue, not only to Clare, but to the North generally, are so ap- parent as to commend the alteration without any pressure being brought to bear on it by the residents here. The postmaster we have no doubt would gladly welcome the change, as it would materially lessen his labors, inasmuch, as he would have more time to do the work, and be therefore less likely to make mistakes. There is a coach running daily to Farrell's Flat, and by that conveyance the mails could be carried here, which would in no way interfere with the one running to Saddleworth. — — — RAINS IN THE FAR NORTH.—A corres- pondent writing to us from Mount Serle on the 3rd inst., says that rain has fallen in abundance throughout the Far North. SPLENDID COPPER.—Captain Cudlip, of i Wallaroo, returned to Clare on Wednesday evening from the Bimbowrie mine, having been engaged by the proprietors to inspect it and report. He brought with him a magnificent specimen of grey ore, which can be seen at the Northern Hotel. Judging from the specimen we should imagine that this mine will turn out to be a good payable one, unless the cartage absorbs too much of the profits. STANLEY FLAT ROAD.—We have been informed by a traveller, who has frequently to pass over the above road, that the work will soon be completed. The contractor has had great difficulty in stopping the traffic, which has hindered and put him to great inconvenience. The wet weather has also kept back operations. The contractor could not get the number of men he required, and that accounts for the work being so long on hand. The men who were employed at the commencement still remain, but the others have been coming and going almost daily. Still the work is progressing, and 40 chains out of the 60, as specified in the contract, are now finished. The road, how- ever, is stopped for the present, but will be opened as soon as the work is passed. DOONER'S PANTECHNATHECA.—This ex- hibition has been highly spoken of by the Press throughout the colonies. The views are described as being both instructive and entertaining, and from a notice in our busi- ness columns it will be seen that Clare is to be visited by that company, who will perform in the Town Hall on Saturday and Monday evenings. Mr. Dooner requests us to state that owing to the severe illness of two of the troupe, he was unable to visit this place on the days previously an- nounced. THE WEATHER.—There has been abun- dance of rain during the past week, and the weather continues cold, which has given a check to the growth of vegetation. In some low-lying lands the young crop is assuming a yellow and sickly hue. The rainfall on Wednesday was 0.800 inch. DEMAND FOR LABOR.—From reports reaching us from the North, more especially from the neighborhood of Black Rock and Pekina. we learn that there is a scarcity of agricultural laborers and able-bodied men for fencing. The farmers, being so short handed will not be able to fallow so much as they anticipated, and in some instances they will have difficulty in getting the ground fenced where wheat is sown. At present there is a deal of it open and the plant is sufficiently advanced to attract cattle and be thus injured. DISTRICT ROADS.—Owing to the con- tinuance of rain many of the roads leading to Clare are becoming impassable. The ground is so saturated that in many places it is difficult to get along with an empty waggon. Other places are so water washed and un- even that they are really dangerous. There are also a number of stumps on the roads, which are great obstructions, and they certainly ought to be removed to prevent accidents. SLEEP WALKING.—On Monday night a family residing in New Clare were some- what alarmed on discovering that one of the members, a lad eight years of age, had risen from his bed during his sleep, opened the doors, and wandered away. Search was made, but the night being dark, it was a difficult task. The somnambulist fortunately made for a house at some dis- tance, knocked at the door, and was received by the inmates—two females—who on per- ceiving the ghost-like figure were consider- ably startled. The little fellow talked to them in a strange manner, seemingly un- conscious. He was carried home by his parents and put to bed. On being ques- tioned the next morning as to what in- duced him to go out and how he felt, he seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having left his room. MEETING OF MINERS AT KADINA.— Ring-ho! was sounded through the Wal- laroo Mines on Monday, the 6th inst., and in accordance with the call, a considerable number met together at the usual place of meeting, on the flat, at 3 o'clock. The meeting was called to take into considera- tion the course of action adopted by the manager; viz., that of stopping several pitches on the mines; thereby causing about 130 men to be thrown out of employ. The grounds of grievance appear to be as fol- lows:—The pitches stopped are considered by competent judges to be really good ones; and consequently remunerative to both employed and. employer. The conclu- sion arrived at was, that five men chosen from the miners now out of employ, form a committee to draw up a memorial for sig- nature by those who are thrown out, and that it be forwarded to the General Presi- dent, Mr. J. Prisk, in Adelaide, for presen- tation to the Board of Directors.—Y. P. Advertiser. ENGLISH NEWS.—London telegrams from the Adelaide dailies state that the Commission appointed on the motion of Mr. Plimsoll to inquire into the state of the merchant shipping, in their re- port deprecate the extension of official surveys on legislative regulations. They argue in favor of fully preserving the re- sponsibility of shipowners, masters, and crews, by invigorating the marine depart- ment and improving the existing system. In their investigation of casualties the Com- missioners condemn the existing system, of marine insurance, and recommend a com- plete revision of the law of insurance. Comte de Chambord has issued a manifesto, in which he declares that France needs Royalty. He says:—"Birth made me your King. I wish to make a supreme effort to overthrow the barrier of prejudice now separating us. I repudiate absolutely the idea that a Legitimist Monarchy is limited —a Monarchy with two Chambers for examining the questions submitted, to them. I reject the modem Parliamentary system, but desire a strong reparative power. I hold that Monarchy alone will secure a strong alliance." The manifesto omits all allusion to the white flag. The French Press consider that the Comte d.e Cham bord's manifesto renders his restoration finally impossible, and remark on the omission of all reference to a flag of union, which his first published manifesto con tained. It is stated that in a fortnight's time the. Legitimists will introduce a motion into the National Assembly having reference to the subject. 