THE PKESB?TERIAX CHURCH. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church commenced their annual session last evening in St. Stephen's Church, Macquarie-street. The Rev. John Kinross, of Kiama, Moderator for the past year, conducted the opening service, and preached a sermon suited to the times, and impressively adapted to the p.ur pc se ior wnicu me ministers ana eiaera oi me Church exercise the functions of their offices in all parts of the colony — on the words (in 1 Thessa lonians, i., 5), 'Our Gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy- Ghost nnd in much assurance.' After the singing of a ? Psalm, the Moderator constituted the Assembly with prayer. The clerk of the; Assembly, Rev. J. B. Laughton, then laid on the table the minutes of last year's proceedings, which were confirmed. The nomina tions by tbe several presbyteries of a Moderator for the presentyear were then read, and it appeared that a majority of the votes of presbyteries was. in ravour oi me nev. vi. jonn jhuiddou, wao was therefore declared to be the Moderator of the General Assembly. Dr. M'Gibbon, on taking the chair, delivered an address, in which, after thanks for the honour conferred on him, he glanced at the great changes which have taken place in Europe during the last rive years, and at the present con dition of the United Kingdom, especially in regard to religion ; and then spoke of the preseat work of this Church. A letter was read from, the clerk . of the Assembly, resigning ??his office-;- and a com mittee was appointed to prepare a minute on the subject of the clerkship. The Assembly adjourned [about 10 p.m, until 10 o'clock this morning, The^miow-inr««-, referring to the results of the recent meeting of MinUtere of the«olon!es of New South Wales, New Zealaid, and Queensland, days : The frequent interruption ef the line between Qaeens land and Jfew South Walej haa been a source of great fennoyMiye, and Mr. Maealister ^ nrgefl upon 'the New South Wales Muustera the impsrtaooeof securing an alternative loop to preserve communication when the existing line happensto bedamaged. ' By this means suefc an awkward break as recently stopped all message for three consecutive Aayt would not bo likely again' to occur. After some hesitation, Mr Samuel ultimately fell in with the views ol tne-^neeMiand representative*, and consented to placVupbir the next estimates a sum to be devoted to tne-eXtenrion of the New Botrth Wales »yBtem of lines from Bonrke, their furthest station at the north weft, tay Rutherford, a place on the boundary between the two celooie*. Queensland mS extend her line rom Cltarleville via Oonnamulla, and thence to Botherfo?di when the connection witE the New South Wales system will be effected. On ths part of New South' Wales this will involve only *he construction of about eighty miles; iwhile Queensland win hgre little more than 120 -miles to erect The sain of £5000 already appears on tbe loan estimate pubiisb'ed in 1875 or the Queensland? extension from CannamuUa to . tntherforS. At the Central Police Court, this mtaning, his Worship, Mr. Core, complained of magistrates attending the court on a day that they Were not summoned for, and' he drew the attention of the Sergeant of the Court . to the practice of allowing prisoners to be takenout of the dock' without tbe sanction of the presiding magistrate, and into a private room, without the knowledge of those- who had power to deal with the cases. 