HmsTroN TEo TIGER N Tr Boa.-If the in. terest attaching to a peculiar character of field sport is to be measured by frequency of description and variety of illustration, there can be no doubt that " pig-stick ing" occupies the foremost place in the estimation of Indian sportsmen. Strangers to that sort of thing may naturally express surprise that it should be pre ferred to tiger-hunting, which, with the accompanying array of elephants and beaters, aesumes an aspect es sentially Oriental; but the experienced old hand knows that there is a wide difference in the excitement attendant upon the two descriptions of chase. The ohanees in a tiger-hunt are greatly against the oerni oina. If he knew his owninterests, the beast, as soon as sighted, would get away as fast as possible from his arinedadversaries, for he has not the remotest chance of escape when he comes to close quarters with them. His claws may wound the elephant on which he springs i the inahbut'may fall a victim to the sudden ness of his attack ; his weight on the head of the ele phant may bear the holossl ,foe to the earth, and topple over the occupant -of the.howdah, but rifle-ball after rifle-ball is'est into his body by the rest of the party with'inerring rapidity and precision, and he uitimately bicbumbo io the brief conflict. This sup poeases an extreme ease of stcbssfoul attack in the.first enstance; more frequently, the tiger falls before he can make his spring. Gorged with his breakfast or his prolonged nocturnal meal, he is incapable of show ing fight, and often dies ignobly as soon as be is been. A volley is delivered from half-a-dozen howdahs, and the repeted- animal gives a receipt in full in the shape of a few narls aend an expiring groan. It is otherwise with the boar. That gallant deni zen of the lunsions dugar-cane plantation pits his tasks against the sportesman's lance; his speed against the pace of the little Arabs on which his puruaers are mounted; his rash against the nerve and lkjll of the bipedal antagonist. The huntesmen feel that they have an opponent worthy of their steel, and are proportionately elated at the prospect of victory. With what glee they receive intelligence that a boar has been roaused in the vicinity of the camp IBbta sell is immediately sounded, and in a few minutes every man who owns a spear is equipped in flannel jacket, cords, high boots, and sol toepee, and springs at once into the pigskin. The appisach to covet is gentle and cautious; the Arab will have no breath to spare in the inevitable race. "There, there, sabib !" shouts the leading beater, and the black bristling back of a huge grunter is seen just above the high grass jungle. "Drive him into the openi" is the order promptly gilen and as promptly obeyed. Piggy, alarmed, starts from his domain, and is soon seen scudding over the rough ground en route to some safe shelter. "Off!" and away goes the group full tilt. "First spear" in the object of each.cavalier personal honour, the tusks for a trophy, and possibly the issue of a bet, are the incentives to speed. The blood mounts up, the nerves are braced, the nostrils dilate as the hog is neared and a sharp contest is imminent. Close quarters. Thud! the lance ihas stricken the game. He does not fall ; he turns enraged, and, bent on the utmost mischief, dashes at the nearest hunte man. The momenatis critical ; one turn of the wrist, one louoh o the off pur, and the frightened g epsprings out ofdanger. A moment's hesitation, oran awkward piece of equitation, insures a terrible gash, perhaps disembowelment, and the hog revels in a bloody. tri umph whilst Number Two of the huntsmen delivers ]a second thrust. Still the grizzly, grey, daring animal refuses to yield; he stands at bay, and only gives up the ghost whep the loss of blood, or a well-delivered poke, puts an end to his hopes of prolonging the con test.- Now for the banquet: spread the cloth, im provise the gridiron, cool the lal, the Bass, and the Allsopp; to tiffn with what appetite you may; and be sure the appetite is not bad after such a run, such a fight, and so glorious a result !-Oriental. TxH MAN wo KE?xP Two on Ta?BE Dos.--It is pleasant to pay a visit t to the house of a man who keeps two or three dogs. The dogs always fly at you in the most ferocious manner as soon as you enter the yard, and just as you have made up your mind that you are going to be torn from limb to limb the owner appears, and, as you wipe the perspiration from your brow, he laughs, and says those dogs are " perfectly harmless, except when any one resists them," Then you sit down in the porch, and all three of the dogs sniff at your legs until you are afraid to move. If you can summon up courage enough to pat one on the head, the other two instantly put their forelegs on your lap, and cover your trousers with dirt, while each straggles to crowd the other off. After a bit the third dog tries to jump on your knee, and they threaten to have afight about it, while you are afraid to encourage one for fear of making the other two mad. When they have pawed about your pantaloons and covered them with mud, the owner interferes and sends them all away. . After tea your host excuses himself for half-an-hour, and you go out to sit in the porch alone. Presently the three dogs come bounding up, and they all begin to smell you as earnestly as if they had never performed the operation before. Then they lie down; but, as soon as you move your chair or your feet, they spring suddenly up and appear to be deeply interested in considering you. You think you will take a walk in the garden, and the whole three follow close at your heels, while you are expect ing every moment to have the calf of your leg bitten oat. It is surprising how gingerly a man walks with three strange dogs close behind him. Directly the dogs engage in a fight over a bone, you eminbrace the opportunity to hurry back to the house.- Just as you break into a trot you are surprised to find that the brutes have made up their quarrel and are leaping up at you and barking, half in fun and half in earnest. You slow up, and get back to the porch. When you put your hand on the front door knImob, all three dogs Etand around and utter ominous growls. Then they suddenly seem to be impressed with the idea that something is wrong, and they all begin to bark savagely, and to make dashes at you. The door is locked, and in alarm you climb up on the porch seat. This convinces the dogs that something absolutely must be wrong, and they begin in downrigt earnest to try to grab you by the leg. Just as the big yellow dog eucoeds in getting hold of your boot, your host comes up, calls off the dog, and is very much amused to find you so frightened about " two or three un offending animals that wouldn't hurt a child." Then you want to go home, and when you once get outside the gate you register a solemn vow never again to visit any man who has so poor an idea of the demands of hospitality as to keep a lot of beastly curs about the house to annoy and persecute his friends.-M?la Adeler. 