TICHpOBNlANA We clip tho following remarks upou tho'resalts of the Ticliborne trial from tho various English papers : — ' . " Tho case.is closed, and if its history shall lead us to understand something of what arc the criteria of truth tho time it has absorbed will not be wholly wasted. The scandal of its leDgth rosts, as we have said — and we repent it — not upon the law,, but upon the credulity of tho English people. It may, however, bo adroiltod that a process of such upexampled itnrntinn will nntnrflllv find out SOtUO of the weak points of our criminal practice, and there are undoubtedly lessons to be loarnt from it which suggest amendments of our procedure." —Times. " Tho exhaustive and perspionons summing- up of tho Lord Chief Justice, culminating in what was a practical direction to conviot, in voluntarily reminds ns of breaking a butterfly on a whcol. The jury doubtless felt that to have given a verdict before the Lord Chief Justice of England had devoted three weeks to siunmiug up-thc oftse would have been similar to a plnywright'B anticipating the dUnonment of a drama before the curtain roso for tho last act. Everything litis been, if not unreal, at least fantastic. The length of the trial, tho length of tho spcoohos, tho sums of money cx- . pended on the produotion of witnesses, the , episodes, the language employed, the ontirc story, in fact, frpm beginning to end, have been cncxamplcd. — Morning Post. "It may be that there is a vast crowd of rnalo and female " fools " who arc not satisfied with many circumstances involved in nnd oon- neotod with the trial, and in whoso imagina tion- the ghost is .not laid, although thoy bow perforce to tho decision of the twelve " highly trained and intelligent men." Ono thing is certain, which is, that the time lias not yet , come for a perfectly freo and full examination ot tlio case on inc parr oi any aouoter, or oi anyone who has formed au opinion, wholly aryOh/rtyn the standpoint of Mr. Whally. ... "how that thero is no inconsiderablo /oSt'bii both of the oducated and uneducated f publio, not inlluoncod either by vile Bontiments or corrupt motives, who arc neither satisfied with tho trial nor the result."— Standard. " Against tho monstrous record of a naturo so rile that could invent, ooramenco, nnd oon- tiuuo this prodigious fraud, and support it by a cliargo so devilish ns that whioh lonued the basis of tho plot, wo may set per contra there- .« .. ' If.- near) WtA IllA QQllCCllOIl OI Jl JUi)l!vU ua LJunuuv itu« as tho orime was foul. The t ime, tho cost, and tho labor expended huvo beon doplorable ; but at least there is no failure. Our law, so far as hnmr.n kuoivlodgc can say, is still stronger than tho most cunning knave; tho villain of _ tho groat drama is detected and cast into prison with hard labor for fourteen years; the long process has come to a. close ; and, after many weary days and months, tuo country has done with the memorable l'ichborne oasc, — Daily Telegraph. " Well might Mr. Justice Mellow, when pas sing soutonoo, speak regretfully of tbo fact that tho powor of tho Court to punish fell far short of tlio requirements of tho oase, hooauso tho framers oE the stntuto whioh presorilms tho penalty of perjury hnd never aoutomplntcd tbo possibility of tho monstrous wickcduuss whioh has ouabled tiio convicted Claimant to livo and move for a long sorics of years in nil atmos phere of lies. In common with their lordships wo lament- that tho Legislature has thus' limited tlio strength of the judicial arm 'o visit such nlmornml turpitude with lulu'iuiitc .severity."— D«i/i/ News. " The conclusion of the Tichborue trial is in moro bohscs tljau ono liko the end of a novel, though it must, boudinittod an onormously long ono. Virtue is rewarded, vice is punished, and the villuiu of the piece sinks through tlio proper trap-door into his place of punishment. We nro only sorry that it is not a moro severe ono. Murtin Guerre, in accordance with tlio law anil sentiment of his day, wits hanged ; and it is a great pity that tho sumo fato cannot bo nwardod to Orton. It is ono of the defects of criminal law that it leaves little room for tho play of natural and proper indignation. It would ho considerably more effective- than it is if n villain could every now and then bo put to death on account of tlio moral enormity of his critno, and apart from tho particular ott'euco wliioh ho lias committed. — Pall Mall Gazette. " There was somotliing of roinnnco and ohivulry in supporting Queen . Caroline against that chartered libortiuo, tho fourth Goorgo. Thero was political intrepidity , oxliibitcd in sustaining tlio political martyrs. But what chivalry or intrepidity is thoro in supporting n man whoso chief claim to Consideration was that lio sworo that ho had induced an educated lady to outrago.docenoy in a way whioh, .to borrow tho ouergotio expression of the Lord Chief Justioo, " a common hodgo strumpet" would havo declined to cmulato. There nro some oifonoos so rank, wc'almost spontaneously wish cortnin ancient punishments had not ba- como obsolete. Not penal servitude alone, but whipping 'at a out's tail would scarcely bo too mtiok for the sooundrelism this easo discloses. — Birmingham Morning News. 