STRAY LEAVES FROM TEWISH BOOKS. By Dr. de Sola Mendes. At, the time when persecution and compulsory baptism gave rise in Spain to the Jfarranos, a class of men who were; Christians in o^t^ard form, but Jews in their heart , of hearts, there were not ; wanting, too, those who, caring little for Judaism and its purity. of life, hailed with pleasure the edicts of the all-benevolent Catholic church, ever eager to receive erring mortals, and who threw of all too readily the last shred of external allegiance to their ancient faith. Nay more: some even -imported zeal into their new religion, and, striving to show what excellent Christians could be made out of very bad Jews, indited satires keen and Siting epigrams upon the faith they had been bred and born in. Others were not to be outdone by these, and becoming missionaries, sought to make their brethren see as they pretended to see. Of . such amateur apostles none has attained such unenviable.reputation as a native of Burgos: Pablo de Santa Maria, or Paulus Burgensis, as was his euphonious appellative after his conversion, while before this step he bore the more familiar name of Solomon Levy, rabbi and strictly orthodox Jew.. He was, as the chronicler Garibay. mentions, “a man of counsel, of ‘ niaravilloso silencioy prudencia,’ ” and perceiving that the path to iiis heart’s desire, state office, was effectually closed to him as a Jew by the events of the sanguinary year 1391, he made a virtue of necessity, was baptised in his 40th year, and, after having been ordained, paid his allegiance to His Highness the Cardinal Pedro de Luna, who, as Benedict XIII., was the opposition Pope at Avignon. It is comforting to learn that the object of so much self-sacrifice was attained, and that Pablo's heart was gladdened with various offices of high rank in church and state. It shows well, too, for the sincerity of his conversion, that he so distinguished himself by his bitter invectives against the jews, and his attempts to bring down renewed per secution on their heacls, that Cardinal Pampeluna and other princes bade him hold his peace for very shame. ■ The Jews soon perceived that there must be war with Pablo, and they waged it with the only weapon they could use with safety to themselves—literary satire. But even these attacks had to be carefully screened ; accordingly we find an old pupil of Pablo’s, Joshua Ibn-Vives, called Allorqui, most humbly begging his former instructor to condescend to reflect some of the new light upon him; for* try all he could he failed to understand the dogmas of Christianity, and would be glad if he,would solve his doubts, that he, too, might share in the eternal bliss. But of. these covert attacks upon Christianity, none was so trenchant as that of Profiat Duran, called from the Hebrew initials of his name, Efodi. This man, together with an intimate friend, David Bonet Bongiorno, deemed themselves compelled* by the persecutions of 1391, to embrace Christianity, resolving to take the first opportunity of openly returning to Judaism. They determined, therefore, to emigrate to Palestine, and separated, in order to dispose of their respective properties. How astonished was Duran, however, to receive a letter from Bongiorno, in which the latter announced his intention of remaining in his new faith, having become convinced of its excellence by that worthy man, Pablo de Santa Maria, upon which distinguished renegade he lavished the highest encomia. Duran did not remain silent, and the following is his answer, addressed “To David, when he changed his behaviour before Abimelech, King of the Universe.” “ I have received a letter from (thee which is part somewhat obscure and enigmatical; only so much could I understand,, thereof, that thine ancestors were immersed in grievous error It was with very great difficulty that I could make out so much : the Holy Ghost probably helped thee in the inditing. Blessed be Messiah who hath given thee a perceiving heart and an under standing ear ; lowly human reason hath not misled thee that thou shouldst remain in its dark caves, nay, as an adder dost thou con sider it, for it hath ever been the foe of faith ! How foolish are they that say reason and law are two luminaries ! Away with reason! She hath no business here with her conclusions and ' logical proofs ! Faith alone ennobles ; who denies it-—descends a sinner to the grave ? Thus spake. Habakulc (ii. 4,) ‘ The righteous shall live in his faith,’ if indeed the word ‘ Emunah ’ really has the meaning thy teachers ascribe to it. “ Now since I see, my brother, that thine intention is earnest, and thy deeds are for the sake of heaven; that faith is the girdle of thy loins, and that thou sufferest thyself not to be led away by reason and its falsehoods, I will point out to th<pe the principles of the religion thou hast chosen for thyself, in the glory, and light of the Messiah. Be not like thy fathers, who^believed in one God, from whom they removed all species of plurality'; who erred in their excla mation, ‘ Hear, O Israel, the Lord is One !’ But do thou not believe so; believe that three are one, and one. is three, _jn.timateLy,_essentiall.y—combined-;—what—tlie—mouth—cannot—utter— nor the ear understand. Be not like thy fathers, who considered that with regard to God no change were ever possible, and who, after deep philosophical reflection, found in Him but the attributes of a spirit. Not so thou ! Far be it from thee that thou shouldst believe Him unable to incorporate Himself! Believe that He (i.e, one of the three constituents) became flesh, when he desired to give his blood as an atonement for the people. Thank Him that He suffered death to save thee : His wisdom . could contrive no other mode of doing so! Be not like thy fathers, who investigated the Biblical narratives of creation, paradise, the tree of knowledge, &c.; -Do thou take all literally, . that thou mayest load Man with a spiritual punishment (hereditary; sin,) and rpaintain that he cannot raise himself from his fall and is delivered into the hands of Satan, until jiis Redeemer come and cause this punishment (ot which there is not a trace in Scripture) to cease. Hold firm this mystery of spiritual punishment, dis covered as it was by the head of the Apostles (Paul ;) thy reward shall be exceeding great, and thou shalt become truly one of the . faithful! “ Be not like thy fathers, who busied themselves with logic and •t mathematics in the search for truth. Far be it from thee to hold even the first form of syllogism to be conclusive, for it would surely somewhat damage thy faith ; thou wouldst have to admit that because the father is God, and God is the son, that the ifather is the son ! Do not, moreover, be misguided by the first principles of physics, according to which motion requires time; and rest and motion cannot take place in the same body at once. On tile contrary, Messiah's body moves down from heaven on to the altar, all the while he remains above It is the powerful, magic utterances of the priest that bring him down • and this priest needs not even,be a high priest, but may be tall or little, wise or foolish, good or wicked, for the peculiar power is inherent in the form of words which were delivered to his disciples by the Messiah himself. Hold firm to this belief; for it leads to eternal life. Believe not thatithe heavens do not form a.plane surface ; \ they do, and. every time the Messiah descends and ascends, he makes a hole therein,, so that .since his first ascent, 1390 years ago, he must have made a great many. He probably mends them again with a word, or perhaps one body penetrate another without the latter’s giving way at all. Choose one alternative : whichever is most opposed to reason. Believe in the unbounded power of Messiah, which is the very foundation of faith - believe not that affirmation and negation cannot coexist. For the body of Messiah in heaven does not move, while that lying on the altar table does; the bread, before the benediction is bread, and naught else; after it, it becomes part of Messiah’s body, and | then, when it has been eaten, part of the priest’s stomach! Do not believe that the whole is greater than its part; the whole is equal to its part, and the part to the whole. For the divisible bread contains in each of its portions the body of MessiahJ therefore a part equals the whole, Behold the example of the broken mirror: as well in the whole mirror thou canst see thy face in each of its fragments! This instance will enlighten thy mind ! such poetical metaphors are valid proof, and are worthy of thee and thy system. , “ Be not like thy fathers, to whom Moses’ law was an heirloom, who respected its commands, both affirmative and negative, and considered them eternal. But thou art not so; thou carest naught for the prohibitions concerning marriage; if thou hast sons, thou wilt not initiate them into the covenant; thou thinkest not of holding sacred Sabbath or festivals; on fast-days thou sayest, ‘Let us drink, we have no sins to atone!’ Avoid not leavened bread on the Passover, prefer forbidden food to what is allowed, eat butter and meat together, devour forbidden species of flesh, fish, and fowl. It is true the apostles forbade all this to their disciples, as thou mayst read in the Acts (xv. 20.) Indeed I do not see that in any of their writings they repealed any of Moses’ laws; on the contrary, as descendants of Abraham, they observed all the law strictly, even after Messiah’s death, and after they had been baptised in his name. In the Acts, Stephen the Protomartyr, says, that the patriarchs were buried in the Gave of Macphelah, ‘ which Abraham bought of Sichern son of Chcimmor] (vii, 16,) as also that Jacob descended into Egypt with ‘ seventy souls (ib, v. 14;) while Messiah himself relates (Luke iv. 25), that in Ahab’s time rain and dew were withheld, ‘ three years and a half1 ! This testifies to their accurate knowledge of Scripture; I would pray thee and thy teachers to solve for me these contradictions and doubts, for I know that Messiah’s spirit is on you. “Be not like thy fathers, who considered even the bones of a high priest unclean; do thou strive to obtain such bones, which will work wonders and signs for thee ; there are plenty of them ; thou hast a whole army of saints and- prophets. Search then among these dead men; what remains of them, a bone of the size of a barleycorn, weigh against gold, adore it, bow down before it! “ It was to all this that I desired to draw thy attention, fori I know that thou art a lover of “truth, and art not to be seduced by the pleasures of the world; Thou clingest to thy faith in- the Messiah, carest not for the contempt with which thine enemies regard thee, catest not that Jews call thee a ‘ baptised renegade,’ —and—Ghristians-a^xircurmeised one’; enoughHfor-thee, thy soul . enjoys an unutterable’bliss !• 1 “As to the excellence and greatness of thy teacher (Pablo de Santa Maria,) of whom thou weariest not to relate, and whom thou hast created in God’s very image, thou art still doubtful whether he will pay his allegiance to Rome or to Avignon. Well do I know the great discoveries in astronomy and philosophy that he can boast ]. pf, thank Messiah that he has such a man in the world ! Thou informestme also that he has exerted his influence and favour with the king, and caused a law "to be made prohibiting women, and chil dren tinder fifteen years'of age from strolling and loitering; surely ia great and noble undertaking: go now, therefore, and recount it to the parents and the vicious women ! According to report, he desired to speak ill of the Jews, but was secretly advised by the Cardinal de Pampeluna and other princes pot to do so, and the community then gave him. more dollars. The Pope and his counsellors intend to make him a cardinal, or to endow him with a,large bishopric : rejoice, therefore, for thou too wilt be honoured in this elevation of thy friend, and he will make for thee monasteries and refuge houses for converts. “Your admonition to me' and assertion that you suppose my servant had perverted my meaning, astonish me ; I have always been in earnest, as my actions have proved. I am devoted to my ;God with all my heart and soul for ever and ever; for His Messiah dp I hope, Messiah who shall bear His name. This is my strength, my joy, my salvation ; I adhere to this faith and have not changed it; what I believe now has been my belief for twenty years ! But I ask of thee one thing : that henceforth thou shalt not mention the name of thine honoured father, nor glorify thyself with his remembrance .; for, if he were alive, he would despise such a son as thou, and e’en now his soul doth mourn in the House of Rest. “ Jesus the Messiah lighten his face towards thee; may He, and no other, give thee peace and blessing! ■ These are the words of thy friend when I thou shalt . amend thy ways, and if thou wilt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God I will make peace with thee and bless thee, and where’er my 1 name shall be mentioned I will name thy * brother’ and ‘ dear son ? ”’ 