THE WORD "SECULAR." By the opponents of the jn-esent educa tional movement a great deal , is being made out of the word " .secular." The prejudice and fear of the religious public are being appealed to that, on account of objections which may be raised to the word, the system which has thus chosen to use it in its title and manifesto may be COHClClXlllCCl flS lliJ.CilllSulMlI JiHCl XlinClCi. VY c» warned onr friends of the League that this would be done. When they were pro posing to adopt it Ave told them that it Avould need definition, and that because it had somehow fallen into reproach the tactics of their opponents would be to play upon the word, and quietly ignore any definition which they might give. It Avas felt, Iioav- ever, that similar objections could be taken to the other terms proposed, un- sectarian," "undenominational," &c.;, and so, after all, as a term unohjectionabVe in and as having this advantage in its favour i/icti it has been leqalli/ defined by the Parliament of tho country, it Avas adopted as least likely to be mistaken. The events have fully justified our Avarn- ing hut Ave believe that in the end the thing Avill come right, notAvithstanding the zeal and audacity of the Denominational ists in playing upon the word, and making it a ghost and scarecrow for the frighten- ing of the jimple. What does the word mean ? If we go to the Latin, from Avhich language it is derived, Ave don't get much help beyond this, that what is " secular " pertains to the " present time." It is something to do with everyday life. But Avill this help our friends? "Secular" may be distinguished from " religious " thus : "my secular duty is to make shoes, my religious duty is to say my prayers but does it folloAv from this that the two are in con flict ? does it folloAV that the making of shoes, is "godless?" On the contrary, may not a man serve God as truly in his making of shoes as in his .saying of prayers ? It is surely a monstrous state ment that Avhen a youth is put to learn his trade, to sit at the desk and make up accounts, or pursue any other " secular " avocation, he is engaged in sometliing " ungodly," " infidel," or " irreligious." So far from this, the saying oj 'prayers may be a ' very godless, infidel and irreligious thing, and the honest, diligent and upright discharge of business may be a most re- religious act, and the finest exhibition of God-fearing and religion. The word " secular," therefore, has nothing in se to hint the idea of " un godliness" or " infidelity." But some bad people have perverted ' its meaning. Well, bad people have done the same thing with a great many words. For example, the word "Catholic" has been utterly perverted. It means " general," " total," " whole but Papists have made it mean " not universal," "not total, " "not AA'hole;" and they, h<ave applied it to a "sect" wliich of all the sects in tlie, world is least entitled to be called " Catholic !" Every tiine a Papist calls his church, "the Oatholic Church," he" stiites Avhat 'is not true, and .what, if true, would imcburch the .greater part of Christendom. AVhen a Romanist says "My church is the 6Wto7ic clmrch," he means " My church is the o)ily church in the Avorld ; ray clmrch is the total church of Jesus Christ; all other churches are no churches at all ; all others are nothing but the .synagogues of Satan ; and not in any one of them is there a true raini.ster, a true sacrament, a true Gospel, or a true salvation !" AVhen a Romanist say.s. The Romish Church is the Catholic clmi'cb," he asserts that there is " no .sal-- vation outside it;" that the millions of Protestants Avho reject the Church of Rome are heretics ;" " that they are cut off from grace ;" tliat they are only as tares among the Avheat, getting ready to be burned ; " and that while God may have pity on tliem, because they are invincibly ignorant, they are altogether Avithout hope, and have no right nor access to Christ unless through the priests of the Church of Rome !" Noav, Avas thei-e ever bigotry like this bigotry ? Is there a Pro- testand firebrand, an Orangeman, or an uncharitable bigot in all the universe so shameless and fiilse as to say this even of Romanists ? Yet this is precisely what the Romanist says of all the other chnrehes in the world. Avhen he savs that his Romish Church is "the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ." This is one very notable instance of the perversion of words. We might give another, viz., "Church." Ic ineans " congregation,"' " assembly," or "gather ing;" and, as used in the New Testament, Avith reference to Cln-ist, it means either the lohole congregation of Christ's peo2jle, or any part of that congregation Avor- shijAping together, even two or three. But Avhat has the Romanist done Avith this word " church ?" What does he mean when he speaks about — " the church ?" He means not the congregation of Christ, nor two or three meeting in any par ticular jfiace, but the Pope himself, or the Pope and his Bishops 1 To the true Pajsist, " the chnroh " means the Pope himself speaking infallibly ; or the Pope and his Council ; or the priest of his loarish. He is told pei'petually — " Hear the church ;" but this only means " obey the priest witb- OAtt question or thought ;" Avhile the Avord " church " never anyAvhere means the priest at all 1 After these very striking instances of the Romish perversion of Avords one does not, Avonder at the present attempt to do the same thing Avith the Avord " secular." But Ave must jioint out the track before it succeeds. And the best Avay of doing this is to show the gross hypocrisy of those tAvo great parties Avho are engaged in the work. Let us deal first Avith the St. Mary's party— -Dr. Vaughan and his fol- loAvers. They denounce " secular " educa tion as "godless" education, and iank "in fidelity." The charge rests upon the word " secular." It cannot but be " godless " because it is "secular." It cannot but " exclude the name of Christ," because it is "secular." It cannot but contemplate the making of children " clever devils," because it is " secular ; and so. Dr. Vaughan and his party is making the country ring Avith their projihecies that the next generation will groAv up pure infidels because their education in the Public schools is to be a " secular " educa tion ! Very well; if the Avord secular means all this Avhen applied to schools, does it not mean also the very same thing Avhen applied to priests % There are, as everybody knoAvs, "secular clergy" emjjloyed at St. Mary's. Of course there are the "Regulars" avIio think themselves specially holy and the favourites of heaven; but there are also the " seculars " who are just as busy as the others in labouring to make .Popery the religion of the land. Are the " seculars " godless, therefore ? "Priests" — j'ct godless ! " Clergy " — yet infidels ; and infidels sinijfiy because tliey are "secu lars ?" It is time tliat the " secular clergy " think OA'er their state ; it is time that the Romish people consider the character of the clergy who are ministering among them ; for every one of them Avlio is only a " secular " is a " godless man," and a perfected " infidel !" Let us deal next with the St. James' party — Bishop Barker and his followers. The Church of England Defence Associa tion has started on a crusade against the word " secular." They ask what it means; and they say that it can only mean " godless and anti- religious." They are warning the Avhole country against the setting up of "secular education," Bishop Barker himself says that no "one who cares for the salvationof souls "can tolerate so Avicked a thing as " secular education." He .says tluit it; e.xcludes the Bible, and ignores the name of Cod; and hence he forewarns the Parliament iind the country that ruin is before us; if secular education becomes tlie law of the land ! Are the men honest avIio speak thus? Do they really mean Avhat they say? Is it fear or truth Avhich makes them use such offensive language ? But these same jiersons have defined the meaning of the word', and their definition has been fixed by Jet of Parlia ment. The present Education Act is an Act for the extension and maintenance of " secular education." AVhen it was about to pass. Bishop Barker and hi.s followers went to the Parliament and requested that the Avord " secular " should be defined as ineaniug religious teaching as given in the national books — religious but not sectarian. That definition is now the law of the land. The Act Avhich they are straining every nerve to preserve is a " secular education" Act — the word 'secular' meaning, "xin- denominational religious teaching." This very definition the " League " accepts and pledges itself to uifiiold and maintain ; yet the Church of England Defence Associa tion are terrifying the country Avith tlieir false assertions that the Avord " secular " means " godless and infidel," and that the country will be ruined if " secular educa tion " becomes universally established I All this warrants the suspicion that a game is being played. Secular education is reliaious : but it Is the rfilicion nf rvri'v- t/ / - - - w . day life. It is the religion by which men live. It has nothing to do Avith forms and ceremonies and denominational distinc tions ; but it is made up of everything Avhich is essential to godliness, and of everything Avhich belongs to the salvation of the soul. 