COUI?T OF PETTY SESSIOYS. MoNDAY, JUNE 1. Michael Quino, in default of paying a fine of one pound, was sent to jail for a week, for being drunk and disorderly. TUESDAY, JUNE 2. Before Messrs Hall,Wright, and Morton. An. auctioneer's licence was granted to Rees Jones of Yass. An )ld man named.Sladden, on re mand, was brought up for protection, and again remanded fera week, to enable the police to communicate with his sons, who are in comfortable circumstances at Foxlow, as to his disposal. David Boon, of Weetangera, com plained of George Brown, of Canberra, fur forcibly taking away a plough out of his possession. The case was somewhat curious. About two years ago. an old. man named Whielding, better:known as Jack the Welshman, lent the plough in question to W. Hatch, of Gininderra, who left it, minus the share, at F. Mac auliffe's blacksmith's shop for repair. Macauliffe lately lent it to Boon, and subsequently Brown borrowed it of the rightful owner, and went to Macauliffe's for it, where he asertained the plough had been lent but couldn't find to whom. Whielding then bade Brown search for it and take it wherever he found it. As certaining somehow that it was at Boon's, he went into his paddock, and began to remove Boon's share from the plough, breaking the foot as lie did so, and by force carrying away the imple ment. Boon had refused to give up possession of the plough except upon the written authority of McAuliffe. Their worships elicited the foregoing facts from unsworn statements made by several parties, and then dismissed the cage, expressing an opinion that Mo Auliffe oughtnut to have lent theplorugh, and that Brown had not taken the pro per steps to get lawul. possession Tue monthly meeting of the Quean beyan Branch of the British and Foriegn Bible Society was held on Monday, the amount colleooted during the month was Li 8s 8d. SOUv~NIR OF TIEm TIOBrnousN OASE. -We have to acknowledge the receipt from Professor Holloway, of The -Pic toriol Souvenir of the Great T'ichborne Case. This publication contains a succinct narrative of the two great trials, illustrated with portraits, sketches, etc. The QUEANBEYAN BAND.-- :Speak ing of the oddfellows' late anniversary commemoration, the Braidwood Dispatch thus comnpliments the Queanbeyan band :-The most prominent feature of the Oddfellow's celebration was the en gagement of the Queanbeyan Band, which arrived in town on Sunday even ing. This band, which does infinite credit to the town where it has been: got up, is composed of eleven instru mentalists, and the degree of profi eiency which they have attained under; their leader, Mr Laing, an old military bandmaster, has been the theme of general remark during their stay so much so that we expect to see another effort made here to organise a town band. ... The foundation stone of a new Wes. leyan Chapel was laid at Gunning on the.Queen's Birthday, by Henry Saxby, Esq., J.P. L107 was raised on the ground by subscription. The Cooma Public School bazaar, held last week, realised 8601. TuIs following letter, received by Mr James Slocombe from the condemned criminal Hawthorne a short time ' be fore the latter was executed at.. Gotil burn for wounding the former with in tent to murder him, has been.published in the Goullurn Herald :-" dear bro ther Sloocomb I beg your forgivensa. for the outrugeous er'imo that I have commit on you. you have not belied mi in any way. we were both very much excited at the time. that there is no wonder that you frgot the cord that was tied round your neck. the people laughed at you,in court. but the best of them would be equely as frighten as you were. if. the same thing was plade on them. I do not know what, to say for myself no one would do it but a madman still I oan 'not say that I was mad. I am doing all I'can to prepair for heaven and I'hopo through the help God we will meet there in freindship to part no mor-I am yuours'J.Sherrin elis Hawthorn." Wit learn from the Gordburn Herald that a crop of mangold-wurtzel and pumpkins grown on one rood eleven porches in the Goulburn court-house and jail reserve was sold by auction on Wednosday last. The .pumpkins, piulled and weighing 82 ewt., sold at 83 8d perowt. The mangolds were not pulled, but were divided into four plots and sold at per owt., to be weighed on delivery, The first plot was bought by MR" Rossi at 2s 4d 1the second by Cap tain Zonuoh at 2s 8d; and the remaining two by Mr Finlay at Ti lOd per owt. Finlay'e share has been delivered, and found to weigh.ten tone, which at ls l0d per owt, amounts to ;£18 6s 8d. The two first.named portiotis are'still 0on the ground, and it is supposed will weigh when pulled about eight tons, which at 2s 3d per owt, wiln amount to L18. T.he pumnpkins realised L6 4d which added to the price of the man golds, will amount toL42 7s., the value of a crop grown upon one rood eleven parches of ground, which pr~ovos beyond doubt the advantageoof good cultiva tion over bad. This picoe o'fground has been -trenched and `ubsequently dug over several times and kept clear of weeds-hence the result. A GLOOM was cast over our township when it became generally known that Mr John Mellon, and old and much respected resident of Sandy Creek had been instantaneously killed through the fall of earth on Tuesday the 19th instant, at 6 p.m.. It appears that de- ceased., who possessed a ground-sluice claim at Sandy Creek, was engaged-in undermining a large wall of earth whilst his brother went to turn the water off; whilst away the body of earth under which deceased was work- ing gave, way and buried him about fifteen feet. His brother returned only in time to witness in horror the fate which had befallen him; on re- moving the earth his neck and back was found to be perfectly broken. Deceased, who had been married only about twelve months, leaves a wife and a large circle of friends to mourn, his untimely end. An inquest was held last night and a verdict of accidental death returned.-Tumut Times. A raw days ago, two men (says the orther:n a. rgus) were picked up at Cape OCpricorn, and brought to town. when first!obsorved,!they: wore unable to speak-for want of water, and one of them was too much exhausted to sit up in the boat. -The following details respecting this singular affair is -by an eye-witness, who formed one of the boat party on the occasion-the boat being the property of- lfiessrs IR. M. Hunter and Co.:-' We were about four miles from the beach,"'when,,on looking in that, direction,'we observed signals, and ran i'to seeoo what ~as the matter. " We fouidt~io men;'and knodw one of them to belong to-Rockhamp ton. Neither could speak until we had got them into the boat and given them water; and even -then one of them was too much exhausted' to sit upright. On coming round they told us that they had taken a passage in a ýtrading vessel, from Cooktown to Rock hampton. 'At Mackay the vessel ;vas loadod'forBrisbane; and the' captain, after informing them of hie distina tion, promised to put them down at the 'Pilot Station in' Keppel Bay," and . to pay their passage thence to town. The arrangement was not carried out, for the men. were put on shore on thesoutli side of Cape. Capricorn, at 9 o'clock at night, with six biscuits, three quarts of water, and a tin of salt beef, and were told that if they" went over the. brow of the hill they.would be, at the Pilot Station, though it was actually seven teen miles: distant.'-"- - A v: ar remarkable case,' and' one that will affect the trading oodmiunity to some extent, has been.heardat Hill End. A Mr Turpin, sewing-machine repairer, who has a business and estab lishment in Bathurst, went to Hill End professionally, .and while . there got printing posters done to the value of LS 15s. He used the name of Mr Dowse, of the Bathwurst Times,'in con versation with Mr Lowe, theb proprietor of the Hill End paper, but it does not appear that Mr Lowe was induced thereby to give him credit. Turpin returned to Bathurst to his business, and was there arrested in his own house taken'before the magistrates, and for warded to . Hill End,- .where'the bench committed hime'to tako'his trial at the Quarter Sessions. ' ". TuE Cooing GaCette. says :--Mr D. Ryrie, of Coolringdon,. has announced -his- intention to' present a 'silver cup for sheep, at the. Cooma Pastoral Agri cultural Exhibition- of" 1875. Mr Ryrie. has 'not ?ybt decided to which class of sheep his'sp oialprize shallbe awarded. NEaWASTL.-- Friday. -" A. porter, named Williamson, etnploycd'at HIonoy suckleoiPont Station, whilst erossing the Great Northern Railway line, to attend to the W?allsond passenger. train,. was knooked 'lown by the engine of: an empty coal train. The poor fellow was cuttb pieces. . He leaves a wife and family: - THE. :.M. Herald says another es caped Communist prisoner'arrived last Friday from, Noumea. in the' steamer Egmount. ..His name is. Coutilot. It is said that while the vessel was,- lying 'alongside the .wharf i hstowb d' himself away intthe after hold, an;d remained there until the vessel had. been about six hours at sea, whnhene came'on deck. Before the vessel left'it wis searohod, according to the usual, custom,, by.the Lieutenant of' the Port and his oflicerse, who :wore all :armed with long iron spikes,' with Which tliby :proddcd the bales of'cottdn?ad'Other,?oaigo ih'nth fore hold.; they, however, nehoglected to go into theb after hold. '-It -is reported that the escapee was a' colonel in the Communist, army.: , . "Wolly oulious pocpple," soliloquized ea Iethen Chinee as he sadly turned from the entrance to the Maryborough look.up.the other night. 'lHe made ap plication (says the Chroniicl) for a nights lodging,'and reoeived-for' an swer that he was not. oligibl6e :to par take of her Majesty's hospitality. Only a week previously he had been di oharged, after enjoyiig' the "deliglit of doing nothing" for fourteen days with in those hospitable walls. 'Aen:he re ceived the' shelter because 'he was a criminal, and had refused to carry out an agreement. Now ho was "obodient, and wanted temporary anocommodation. His smile, however, was " childlike and bland1," when Host Furey took eom passion 'on hise homeless conditioii, called him baok, and allowed him to camp under th'o'verandah. Tue. City Coroner hold 'on Mnonday evening at Keary's Hotel, William street an inquest touching the'death of Ellen Taylor; late of :the'. Durhani Castle Hotel, Ru'sheutter'e ?Bay; -The husband of deceased wais proprietor-of the Durham Castle Hotel- and from tho evideneo :it would appear that- he and his wife were of intemperatehabite and quarrellediand fought when drunk. Mrs-Taylor was last seen alive on Sut urday night at 9 o'olock, when she ap, peared in her usual health. Her f-lce was then fiee fromh marks, but, whbn -on Monday, Tia.lor anio'in~did. her death to enquiring noighl oiirs;,'it' was found that her face and head were bad ly out and bruised. Taylor's state- A ment was to the effect that he knew not how deceased came to receive the injuries which caused her d.atlh, and did not know she was dead until he awoke and found her lying beside the bed, face downwards on a' pillow. Several witnesses gave evidence, and it was proved that on Sunday .last for the first time Taylor kept his house closed up all day, and also that'hio de layed to announce the death until ques. tioned on Monday morning: Dr Pat. tison, who made a post mortem exami nation, stated positively that deceased was killed by a wound on the thead which, he said, might have, beeni in flioted by a flat iron bar. found lying on the bed room floor, near deceased. The jury 'roturinod a verdict of " wilful murder"' against Taylor, who,was then comnmitted for trial at the 'Criminial Court. ' / Tun Braidwood Dispatch says the other day a gentleman in this district, 'acoosted an-individual' rather sharply whom he met riding through his pad docks without permission and who. in fact had been making a habit of doing so for some time. What wits' his as tonishment however at receiving a note from the fellow a few days after chal longing him to fight a dual. The'note was deljgerod at this gentleman's 'liouse and (efepting the omission of the names) the following is a literal copy of it:-" May 13, 1874 : Irepulco this inoult From you, Mr I ulhalleuge You to oingle - combat leving (you to take yur choase of wepongs, '.to chiase the Ground df fighting. I aim Yurs truely &c.;" It behoves people to hbe very cautious now-a-days :as to. how they go about the i most extraordinary affairs of life for fear of being. run into a law suit or bOing. called out. However not the. slightest notice was .taken- of this polite invitation' of this fire- eater, as his chief object doubltless was to obtain a little notciriety, of Which he has been baulked. A. few days on the treadmill (if we had such an institution in the colony).would 'be the means of awakening such. fellows to a sense of the ludicrous in respect to their ridiculous conduct,. Tri? unfortunate effects of over-study (remarks the G'edon.g Aldveriiser) would seem to; have been demonstrated in the case of Thomas Henry Braithwaite, who was arrested and remandedhby the bench for medical examination on the supposition that he was of unsound mind. It a re that he only arrived. a few week rGeelong, andi,pro ducing some e?'ilent credentials from. the Universityit Oxford, whoere he had studied, secured an appointment at the, Grammar School. His qualifications as a scholar and teacher are said to be of the highest character and order, and but for the 'manifestations of mental aberration, his services would doubt less have been permanently 'retained. Senior Constable MIadden'who arrested hiu, informed the bench' that. Braith waito was labouring iundir the delusion that he was a prince;- and it. appears that prior to his arrest he had ," knighted" several of his friends, in ,eluding sergeant Whelan and the ' watch-house keeper, going through the ceremony with the assistanuce of his 'walkingoano. with an air of regal im portance He was also in the habit'of accosting people in Latin; and had sought an interveiw with the Mayor. The necessary medical certificate as to his state of mind having beeoon' produced, he was' committed to the Kew Asylum, and .an '.order for .£38 expenses made against the corporation. ' A I3oUsNDARAIn oorrespondent sends us(ilanaro Zlercury)thu followingbitof gossip :- Tivo sportsmen' from: Coonm recently made.a flying trip to' havea little '-sport.. at the course near Mr 'John 'Ward's....Bobundaral-. Hotel. As the night wore on it grw .cold; and the 'turfites espied a hay stack neitrthe roadside; being ,"lmost 'e ri-d and deadbeat, they di ounl n crawled into the'stack,; ir?Crt?t'$a rrowed in as far as thley ~oivenientlyppould, and went asleep. They wore up at'da~ybrcak thoroughly refreshed by the cozy: sleep they had, and'away they journeyed, re joioingthat theylhad such a cheapand comifortablo accommodation. However, theo owner. had occasion to inspect his haystack, and appoaranoes led 1him to the conolusion that'travellers' iad, taken ,liberties with his property; sio, full of wrath he rode post haste in'to ::obun darah,where he Was loud in his lamen't Sations. Eventually, Mr P. was putton Sthe right track, and he quickly -taxed Sthe two sporting cards, who at once.ad mitted that.they had bon in thelo straw: It having been represented that con siderable damage was done to the uhay stack, matters were compromised by the offenders .paying L1 each" toover 'the loss. As they were returning home the sportsmen thought as they had'paid Sso dearly for free selecting their bed, Sthey might as well survey it. Imagilne Stheir disgust when they discovered the Sstack was nothing but old straw, in Sthe centre of which were about a dozean ,Iof.pigs styed. The' odds wero against them, and they are now thorough dis Sbelievers in promiscuous shakedowns. Iv appears from a work published by Dr. 8. D. Bird, physician to the Alfred SHospital, Melbourne.o, on " Hydatids of tho Lung-their diagnosis,' prognosis, Sand "treatment and observations 'on their relaotions't6 pulmonary consump ( tion and otlher diseases of the cohest,', f that the dog of Australia carries about iwith him -the gerni of most fatal' dis? I OIeasIs, which it can comnuniqatin so inidioiis a manner thiit the greater the pet, the more danger there is'of infeo tion. Dogs should never be allowed to lick the hands or face of a person, or to drink from vessels containing water that by any possibility may beused for drinking, or amalgamated with solid food. " The hydatid is the larva of a dog, the eggs of which" accidentally swallowed in the food or water, by man sheep, and some other - animals -be come developed into theo cystic para site."-This is the definition given by entozoologists. There are constitutions, no doubt, impervious to the hydatids but to its effect probably many persons have suffered complaints which-have beeno, attributed to a different cause eveni by their' medical advisers.' THE late MIr M: A.lexander has be queated the following:-To the funds of York street Synagogue, .°100; Syd ney Infirmary,£100; Maquario-street Synagogue; £50; Benevolent Asylum £50;Jewish Orphan andPhilanthropio Society, £50; ? sylum forthe Deaf and Dumb andthe Blind £50 ;Randwi6k Asylum, £50; Goulburn Hospital,L50. Itossa DES A.LP.s (DEW 'OP TIHE ALPs.) . The arom'tic herb which im parts such a delicate flavour to the matchless tonic, 'and to which it main ly owes its wonderful invigorating pro perties, was discovered five centuries ago in the heart of the Alps, and from that day to this botanical research 'has never revealed its equal. In. Austra lia it has rapidly and deservedly taken precedence of, any other imported. stimulant on account of, its absolute purity, incomparable flavour, and 'ex traordinary properties as a cure.for in digestion, and as an absolute preyentive against malarious disease. As a general ibeverage,.. a' necessary 'corrector of. water, rendered impure by vegetable decomposition or other causes, as Limestone, Sulphate of Copper, &c.;, Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps is superior to overytother alcoholic pre paration. Its purity and exemption from all grossly intoxicating properties, combined with its mildly stimulating and.invigorating elements, establish it as the only alcoholic beverage in our c~untry that can be imbibed 'with pleasure and safety. The nervous tor por and debility which follow the ad ministrations of other alcoholic pre parations and mixtures of the- day, succeeded by their intense and painful nervous reactions; are unkudoirn as the subsequent effects of the Schi-dam Sohnapps, even when takl.n too freely, while-as a Stomachic, -a -Tonio Appe tiser, it stands preoeminent among the ostablished ouratives of the day. A' public trial'of twenty years' duration, in every-section of America, of. Wolfe's Sohiedam Aromatio Schnapps, its un solicited endorsement by'the medical faculty, and a sale unequalled by any other alcoholic 'distillation, have in a:sured for'-it the 4t'ioon of purity ianrid salubrity olaimsd for it by the pro prietor on its-original 'introduction to the public. , A player performing the ghost in H-Iamlet very, badly hissed. After bearing it a good while, :he put the 'audience in good humour by stepping forward and saying, ' Ladies m and gentleman, I am- extremely. sorry -that my humble endeavours.: to please you are unsuccessful; but if you-are not satisfied I.must give up the ghost. A 'Virginiohn ,darkie gives the fol -lowing'reason why the coloured cure is superior Ito the while:-"? All men are made of clay, and like the meersohaumn pipe they are more velua'.le when high ly coloured. 