THE CONSECRATION OKTUE CHUBCIl OF THE HOLY TRINITY, WBSTBURY. Wednesday, May Sotb, 1874, will boa day long remembered, not only by the good people of Westbury and those wbo attended ut the above church on that day, but by hundreds of others. For some time past the ceremony of dedicating the noble building, which occupies a prominent position at tbc junction of WIlllani- Btrccl and tho Westbury niuiu road, to the worship of tbc Almighty, bos boeu the earnest desire of the much respected and highly esteemed pastor, tbo ltav. Father Hogau. Ab tbc day drew near ou which tbc rev. gentleman was to witness the completion of tho work which bad cost him bo much anxiety and labor, fears were entertained that the pleasure of the ceremony would be marred by the weather. For some days before tho weather bad been very un settled, but on WDilnc&day; morning the down pour of rain was enough to damp the spirits of the bravest. Nothing daunted, however, o largo number of people arrived by the first train from Dcloruiuo.and by the time the town train arrived at the Westbury statiun, a change for the better had taken place in the weather. Tbo opening cere mony at tne cnurcn was to dc periormea oy HIb Lordship Bishop Murphy, assisted by ? large number of clergymen, aud iu order interesting, arrangomeutB were uiade for tbc celebration of solemn High Moss com* imnlificf, a full orchestra and choir assisting in the singing, and performing Mozart's Twelfth Mass. This orchestra and choir, we may mention, was composed of ladies and gentlemen amateurs, who kindly offered to assist i at tbe opening ceremony, many of them not belougiug to the Roman Catholic denomination, but such is the respect in which Father Hogan is held by all clasBCa, that persona both iu and out side bis own church have vied with each other In osBistiug him, uot only at tho opening ceremony, but In tbc more subsUO tiol wuy uf money donations towards def roy uf Ibe COBI of the building, and so liberally have the people assisted that now tfae church Is sufficiently completed to allow of it being opened, tbc debt remaining uu It biiug only about £1000. Before coiinnt-ncing the report of the cerc motir tve ivill Una describe Tlie foundation nolle of which was laid on the 12th Mny, ISG'-I, by the Right 11 w. Ilishop Murphy, assisted by Bishop gu'mn, and other clergymen, Tbc plans and speci fications wore prepared by Mr Hunter, oC Hobart Town, under whose directions they bavc been carried out. The style of archi tecture selected for this sacred edifice Is tliat which prevailed In England during the thirteenth century, aud was known as the ' early pointed.' Tbe plan is cruciform, and comprises nave, 88ft by .lift 3lu ; uortli aud south transept, each 21ft by 14lt i chancel, 29ft by 23ft ; nnd sacrisly, 1BU by 14ft. At the west end of the nave, over the grew doorway, there 1* au organ aud choir gal lery, supported on arches, under which arc three compartments — a central porch, a baptistry, and BUlrcnse to the gallery. At the angle formed by intersection of the north transept and nave Is a porch 9f«t square Internally, and belfry, which latter ii the only portion of tbo building not coat iilctcd. It is, however, raised clear of ibe raves of the nave roof, and will ultimately reach lo a height of GO feet. This will be sor inouuted by a BUinglcd or stated spire, llie total height Including vane and crass being 104 feet from the ground. Tbe height of nave Internally from floor to ridge of roof is 45 feet, and all the gables are finished with handsomely carved stone crosses. The in terior of llic church only shows three arches, two of which arc from the nave to the transepts, aud ono Into tbe chancel. They each spring from scuii-oeUgowl fieri, having moulded caps and bases. Tbe novc is lighted by coupled lancet win dows with cusped beads, and at He west end in the gable over Hie gsllMJ is « aluiiile design rose window of els|H trefoils surrounding a centre quartretoii. The transept* have a row of three pl&lu; lancet windows, over wlilcli In cacti g«u'» i- I a smaller rose wlndgw ombloiuallo of tin I Holy Trinlty-threo trefoil lights within I one circle. The east window In the I chancel la also a three light wmJow, I each having ulrople Iracery In the bead. I The walls are of square rubble ironstone I In Irregal.roonrsos.wltb freestone dress top, I the stone Having Oeen procurea imm''. CluanTicra,about four miles from tbe uwn shlji. The main root is constructed »itb framed, wrooght, acd chamfered tinitaof Oregou pine, springing from auine corue i, every nllernato one being half principals, the intermediate rafters being made of colonial tilackwooa. The roof Ib slated *»b the- best Kngllsli slates, tbe work having- bren very satisfactorily performed by Mcusri Murray and Keogh. The eUanool Is approached from tho uavo by ? flight of three steps extending «;» whole width of tho nave. The arch ii composed of dressed, deeply moulded free stone pillars with bases, and the arch !? 2U foci wide on the church floor, and 3b Irel In height. The platform Is raised from the chancel floor by a flightof four steps, and on this the altar Is placed. The altar now betoj used is tbe ono that has been In tlie oU cliopel.and will be used until such times' fun'ls will admit of a new one being crecleo, Arado.wllltbcnexujndthewho.'i^ the chancai, wnicn is itguica or i»-— -?- i dows, tbo eaBt end or chancel window Is tbe handsomest In the building, and is the gin I of Mr John Barber and family, and «w purchased by that (tentlemsn when In tar I land specially for this church. Thewlnjo*. which tsofstalnedglass.lsdlvldcdlntolhw parts, and represents the Nativity of onr I Saviour, the Crudfllti™. and Ibe H»»rr«- I thin, witb enriched borders, and Ib tbc wort I of Messrs. Cootos and 6on, of Londou. The ? northern chancel window represenH I0J I patron salnta of lroland, Salut I'atrlck ana I Saint Bridget, and Is the gift of W I Thomas Field, the other channel «?-»? I la the gift of Mrs William Smith and I' I Very Hov. father Dunne, V.G. W* I windows are well exeented, and Mj'»J'£ I ducUon ot colonial artbiU, uavlng been Bon' I v Ura and Ferguson of Melbourne. T* I organgallerycxtaidsthcwholowldthoftb. I naVeift Is lift wide, and lift from the »»ln I floor, and Is lighted with a be«atlf»l «' I window of stained glass, representing w« I Divinity In the centre, .nrrounded wit* « I following subjeoU ,-Tho Micas'' ' I Wilderness, the Cross Md HearV U» CW» ? with tho Hammer and ^JaibJ, tbe Cro»''lu I the Crown of Thorns, I lie Pillar, the Undi vided Garment, lire Lamp of l-'inlli, omil Latab. Tills was also executed by Ura and Ferguson* of Melbourne, tn the order of llie Warden of Wcaibury, I) Uurte, Esq., whose gift it is. The transept Is ligbUMl ny two oriel windows of stained glasN, the. one un llie south side rcprcsentine Faith, Hope, and Charity, the cost bavins been collected by Sirs Slcwart, o£ Melbourne, formerly u member of Father Hogun'H congregation. The northern window, (routine; on U--: main road, represents tlic Fulher, Son, and Holy Ghost, and i« the gift, previous to his depar ture for America, of Mr W. Dlgnan, late Sun-Inspector hi the Woslbury giolicc. The nave ii lighted by live double cathedral windows, with ruby stained borders at each side, and were presented hy 'Mann. W. W. White, W. McGce, J. Mullony, Hronnan, Toole, Dogerty, and others. 'The baptistry aad approach to organ gallery arc lighted by two slnglo cathedral windows, with ruby stained borders. The transept is also Untiled will! three similar n-lndowB. 'i'iicsc windows were made by J. and ,1. Howard, of Lauuces ton. Tiie entrances are by a door at the west end with onn broad step, and h.v the tower up a small Diirlil of stone stepx. There |i also a private entrance to the sacristy. Too altar rail Is constructed of English oak. of gotbic design, and whs made Uy Cu* and Sons, of I/ondon. Tlic different contractors (or the work were— For foundation and rubble masonry, Davcner and Sons ; for troaUac, Cauaollyand Anderson 1 the roof, Mr Ford, of Launceston ; internal fittings, including flooring, doors, &c..; Roc and Son, of Hagley; lead lights, , I. nndJ.IIoward.of Launceston. Tile whole nf the work has been carried out with credit to the con tractors, me ground all round the church has bocn cleared of the bushes and well grarclled. The seats used in the church are open teats, mode of colonial hlackwood, from a design supplied by Mr Hunter, the archi tect, but only a few iiavc as yet been mode. This was announced to commence at 11 o'clock, end Jong before (hat idne, the rain having cleared off, a larp/c concourse of people were gathered in front of the church, and In u very few minutes after the doors were opened the spacious church was com fortably filled. Tbe orchestra comprised the following : — Vwtint— Messrs. T. Sharp, YY. Abbott, J. Chick, J. Tcvclein ; Violoncello,— Messrs. A. Hart, S. Joscclync i Contia-batsu— Mr TV. Sharp i Flute—Mr J. M. Davies ; Cornopeans —Messrs. B. D. Harris and A. Day ; Oryat, _Mlss Dowling. The choir consisted of ten ladies and nine gentlemen, and the whole arrangements were under the conductorshin of Mr J. B. Melvyn. The ceremony commenced by tlic orchestra pitying that fine chorus from Handel's Mes siah, 'Uft up your heads oli ye pjlm.' After tbtt the clergy walked round the outside of the church clmntinjr the Jf.Wr palm, tlic llishop hlesslug the walls with Uy -«'«?. The clergy present were Ills Lordship Bishop Murphy, tlie Very Her. Vicar General Dunne, The Itcv. Dran (I'Connrll, of Svdncy ; l)r Duller, Diau of Lauiiccston ; Rers. 1). F. X. llccchinor, of St. Mary's Oathcdral, Hohart Town : M. J.Urcrliluor, Campbell Town ; J. Feel™, Laiinoslon ; T. Kclsh, Now Norfolk ; K. F. Walsh, l)o loralnd ,1. J. U-Kernan, Longford 1 J. Hogan, Wcslbury ; M. Kcokaii, Oatlanils ( J. Soonc.and tne very Kcv. .Inlmn Woods, of Sydney. The Deacons uf the Throne were Dean O'Ckiuuell and Itcv. M. Italian. Assistant Priest, Vicar-General Dunne. Tile Celebrant of High Mais, Co/.™ P,ml,fm, n- Itev K. F. Walsh i Deacon of thu Mass, Her. J. J. M'Kernan ; Sub-])eucnii, Hcv. J. Feclian 1 Master of Hie Ceremonial, Her. T. Kclsh. They then entered at tin- western door headed by the Master of the Ceremo nies, the llishop carrying his staff nf offlta?, and attcniicd by the deacons, still chanting. They proceeded up lu the allur, aud after prayers they sang the Lituny of the Saints. After that they marcher! round the inside of the church chantlne; the. UULli, lilllli, and 121st psalm. His lordship the Bishop blessing the walls and. sprinkling then) will) lioly iratcr. After returning to the sanctuary lUc clioir Rang ' 1*1' s udun; tbe Lord with glory,' while this was being done tne priests retired to the sacristy. They then returned to lite sanctuary, and High Mass Carom I'onliftee was then cele brated. The orchestra and choir performed Monrt'i T«rellh Mass iu fine »iyle and in a manner which reflects credit on the conductor and themselves. The opening piece, the A'ur/e Eleifon, was performed In a masterly manner, as al*- wire the El Itcarualut of the credo, the Dura A'---»- Purrm, and th» fflnn'u. The Her. Julian Woods after reading I Chronicle!, chapter gxix, preached* an eloquent Herman. lie referred at length to the lailh of the people in erecting such a magnificent struc tore, and dedicating it Ui the mrvico nf the Almighty. AfU-r the htiiioii the nisliop tfauked those persons who had »o kindly nilstea in the ceremony, referring particu larly 10 those irlio did not Morn; to U'cst tarv or were of the some creed as himself. He expressed the pleasure he felt at Facing sues a One building and highly compliment, 'd the respected pastor, Father llogan, on the success of nil work. He ulro recommended tbe |KOple to he as pcuorous in assisting to ply oil tbe debt as they h.ad been iu con trlbatinic to the building fund. Some of the priests then went round and made a coUection,one carryiuga plate and another a paper, on which lie put down tlie names 0! donors with the amount*. During the collection II r T. Slurp per formed a voluntary on the or^an. Mies DoiFling accompsnlcd Mr Ferguson on the organ whilst he sang the IVmi' Sancte Spiriftu. The remaining portion of the Uau was then performed nnd tlic prucccd tojt terminated with the orchestra pint Ing the Pastoral Symphony and Hallelujah Chorus with great effect. THE DIVKER. On the conclusion of the ceremony an agjournment was made to the Rcrricdnlc Inn forthe purpose of satisfyintr thccravlngKuf tae Inner man. Tlie large billiard-room had forthe nonce been converted into a tem porary banquet halt, covers hc'wg laid fur about 70 persons. The tables literally fnueabencatuthc weight of good things Placed on them, every delicacy In season wuur represented, and reflected great credit on Mrs Smith, the hostess. The chair was oxapled ny Rev. Father ilogan, and the tioc-cbalr by the Warden, I). Dnrkc, Ksa. Sufficient time having been given to do ample justice to the eatables and drinkables, Wesir. Melvyn, Ferguson, lloper, and the gentlemen sang Aon //obit Domnc. The Her. Father Hogan then rose and in lOeatipeech proposed the health of Her alsiestytho Queen. The (out m» drunk with the usual lo/alty. HrUurke, churdiwarden of the Church of tbe Holy Trinity, said he wished to pro pose a toast which he knew tlii-y would re ?pourj M- with cnthuslnlsm. It was » The Beilth of the Subscribers.' lie would have Him Fatlirr Hogan In litre 'proposed it as he wa- one of the greatest subscribers. Ho (Mr Burke) tax Father Hogan, when the foundation stone was laid, ulacc the liberal m of nm upon ft. (Cheers.) ffe re. lured to the aid and assistance given by penont of other denominations, and said it »u the proper view to take of things, and tut they ought to allow one an other to wor ship God according to each man's conscience, lletrufted that those who had contributed -° the church would ui-r-r be one ?hilling the poorer for it. (Cheers.) In ooaduston ho said tltcv might well he promt oltbe church, and that those who had aided ail aujsted then iu getting U would lung benmembcrcd. The toast wa» drank with honors. Mr Thomas Field replied on behalf of the sancrihers, and in the course of a few re marks told he hoped they would soon have the pleasure of asdUtlns at a similar cere oonr at Delornliio for Futlicr Walsli. He maerstood that Father Walsh nu going to Jrj and get a new church, and if he did so he (Mr Field} would, give £50 towards it. {Chan.) tev.Jjathw Hogan hcmti to propose tho health of the ladles and gentlemen who lottned the orchestra and cbolr. Some mile tune ago be was endeavoring to get up t eMt to auht at tbe opening, «hcn a gem tunan present offered to do It, and had iiawdrf faruerona hit (Father liogan's) Motions. He could assure theuuhat tta ringing tounici in the aanctuary, where ^clergy aat, beautiful. He was to most Mtk«n aitrange,., tot he trutted alter tlielr Bat Idudneas u- him that thcywouldbe owe better aemulnted. He thanked thonj uaiMtudgMitfpmcnwholind altemieil the JtatUoes ji gntl inconvenience to tncm 'tl'ei, and some of the ladles, he mti sorry '»*? hau caught cold and hod uoenprc P»p»UiR tta toalt he wlthed to couple JJthlt the ntmct of Mr Mclryn and Mr 'ffi- »e referred to the anilely he bad ''« tte Inclement state of the weather, ?M thanked them for having bratod Hand ^'KcbtmnlDed to be at their pott. He {£™*U-cm forbavinjiuuij MCli 11 beao ^ tout was drank with three times Mr J. Barber said following the health of the clmir, If he would not be out of order, he wished to propose the health of a gentleman who hod rendered them great assistance, not only by lending his instruments, but he lind found them a room to practice in, with gas light, &c.; After such such kindness as they had received from that gentleman he knew they would honor the Uiait when ho proposed the health of Mr Geo. Huulmrd. The toast was drank with loud cheers Mr Geo. Collinssnld heliadlicen requested to return thanks on behalf of ibn choir nntl he did so with gnat pleasure, and also for the way in which I hey hid been received. Instead of, aa Father llogan seemed to think It, being nuck a (trait act at kindness, ho (Mr Collins) could assure them that the ohuir appreciated lliu privilege of being allowed to take part in such a ccromnny lie trusted the practices would lead to tho for matlon of a choral union in Launceston. Ueforc sitting down he wished to add his testimony to Mr Hubbard's kindnoi, aud said had It not been for thnt gentleman limy could nut have accompliHhrd their object Mr T. Sharp rase and mid as Mr Melvyn would Dot gel on his feet and respond, as ho ought to dn, lie supposed he must. He begged to thank them fur the manner in which they hid responded to this toast, and witli their permission he would propose another. Itwasoucthatrequired no comment lit his hands, aud he was sure they would dulv honor it. He wished 10 propose the health of Father llogan. He did not know a gentleman that was more respected thin Father Hogan, not only In his own district, but throughout the enfony. The toast was drank witli loud cheers, and 'He's a jolly good fellow.' Rev. Father Hogan. who on rising was loudly cheered, Paid he was very grateful and thankful for the kind manner iu which his health had been drunk. He hod been con gratulated by scrcral of his Mciidi oil the success of the building, but lie must lake liut a small meed of praise to himself, it was the people, thev would have it, they drove It on to him. Thry had worphippud long enough iu the woodou bulMing. and they waiUud another. He hud lind (lililciiliicu to contend with.and if he had hia days of gloom, lie also liad his u\vt, of 'unsliiuc.'and he was glad to see the church that lie had struggled and labored for dedicated to God. He re ferred to his visit through the district, and to the uniform kindness with which lie had been treated, whether at the rich man's mansion, or the poor man's cottage. He thanked ihein for their aid ; he cnuld recog nise persons who had been his greatest benefactors. There was one person who had given him iu much as £80. another £4.1, and so on. lie tfiaubodllls congregation for thctr assistance, they had done what they cculd for the last five or six years, and he begged to propose the hralth of his congregation. He was thankful for being spared to sec tint day, he trusted ho would live long to nillitslCT to them, aud if spared, ho would endeavor to makeup in file future for any of his past shortcomings. (Cheers.) In proposing hh congrcgati- n, he begged to couple with It the name of Mr llurkc, their Warden. The toist van duly honored. Mrllurke, in 11 abort but neat and appro priate speech, rulurucd thiuikH, und !hi* t'Oiu pauy dispensed. The evening serviec at tlic church »n« very largely attended ; in fact the cliurch was enm-ded throughout and extra scats had to be provided for many of tb0 visitor*. 1'lle tine proportions of lileiiuildillg appeared to advantage when fully occupied, and in every way Its convenience aa a place of worship iippcarod to bu appreciated by every one preitent. In the absence of the Ilishop the Itcv. Dran Con noil officiated aa celebrant, the Itev. Father Keelian being deacon, and llie Itcv. Father MeKernan, .if W.gfor.1, miIi deacon, tne aiiliphons being chanted by the Itevs. WooJ» mid U'alnh. After the openim.' nTriorllic Her. Father Wood* delivered a very iinurcsaive address from the 21 hi chapter of If. velalion., 2nd to 5th verses. '' And 1 J0I111 uaiv the linly eily, (lie new Jerusalem, cuiiiing down out' of lieaveu from Goit, |ircpan«l as a bride adorned for her huslianl. And I lieani a great voice from the throne saying llehold the tabi-rnaclo of (jod is nith men and he will dwell with them. Aud they shall be his people, ami God himself willl them thall be their God, Aiui Gud shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, aud death shall be no more, imr mourning, nor crying, nor sorrow shall be sny more, far the former things are \iat«cd away. And he that sit upon the thn.iie said : lle hold, 1 make all things new. And he said to me write, for these words are nio»t Mllif.il and true.' The reverend gentleman dealt with the tent in a very able manner, aud set furth llie duties incumbent u|-w chvisllaus to support tlie gospel and nlicnvs do tin-ir utmost in CKtalilUhiug chmvlies for the worship of God. Churches, he observed, were tut the rvprcuMUatlves of tlie earthly taber nacles In wilich they dwelt, and whiell were luniml to decay, but there -an Uglier aim than all— a church not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. The srroMin wss HsUiied to with moat wrnpl attention ltiFftUK--uiit, slid tit list: ciorio a collodion Was made in aid of the funds of the church. The br- nedicliun aervice then followed and brought the proceedings to a close. After the conclusion of tlie evening 8cr viee the young folks adjourned, some 10 -)'«esra'8, W'e.lbury Inn, and sonic to Smith V, llerricilalelnn,wlicrc the lartte rooms had been prepared for dancing, which waa kept up with great spirit by the votaries -i{ Terpsichore till the ' wee snm' houra were far udvauced. 