Sorgho Culture. IK our last article on this subject it was stated that it had been reported that, in ono instance, at lc:ist, it liad been found very profitable on tho Olaronco Uiver coun- try, to turn pigs into tho m ai zo crop, that they ma y harvest for thcmsclvos. Wo do not vouch for the truth of this report, but wo have it from an authority that wo soo no reason to doubt. Wo aro aware that it is no new tiling to turn pigs into a maize held in cases of partial fniluro of tho crop-when it was considered to bc not worth gathering-but wo nover boforc hoard of thc samo hoing tlono in tho easo of abundant crops, as was thc caso particularly referred to, though tho practico hus at various times boon suggested by correspondents of news- papers. Tlio harvesting and husking of maize is cer- tainly tho chief item of expenso in its production. And if it bo found that great loss of grain docs not result from tho practico, there is no reason why it should not be rosortod to, especially in seasons of nbundanco and consequent low prico. In seasons of abundance tho not prico obtainable for maize will not cover tho cost of harvesting, husking, and shelling, and for that reason it is sometimos loft to rot in tho holds. No ono can doubt that a flock of pigs turned into a crop to food or fatten upon it would bo moro profitable than this. But tho question is, would it not bc moro economical and profitable to gather tho crop, and turn it into bacon in tho ordinary way '! Without moro oxperionce, wc hesi- tate to give an opinion. It is, however, a question' worthy of consideration. In -fcliis rough modo of consuming tho crop on tho ground, it may bo said that thora is a considerable saving of labour. Tho stalks as well as tho grain will bc consumed and turned into pork, and manuro, tho lattor already on tho ground, and pretty fairly distri- buted ; and it must bo remembered that tho removal of tho stalks, as ordinarily practised, is a work of con- siderable labour and expense. Tho manure, too, would bo a great advantage. For though moro manuro, mid ot a botter quality iwould result by feeding tho stalks and grain to pigs in tho ordinary way, yot thc carriage to and fro usually is found to bo ncglootcd. liven where abundance of manure lias been mudo it is seldom availed of, tho cost of carting to thc Cold and spreading it over tho html being gonorally considered moro than it is worth. It ÍH quito a common tiling to soo im nieiiKC heaps of manure, tho accumulation of many year», of yard and styo litter, utterly wasted, wliilo tho lund in cultivation on tho samo farm is yroatly in need of its help. Tho stalks uro neither utilised as fodder nor manure. They aro generally loft upon tho bind until dry, and theil (fathered into heaps and burned. This is also a j considerable labour, which might bo saved, at tho I samo timo conserving much mammal matter that in ' totully destroyed by buming. Of coursa it must necessarily " go against tho grain " of all real farmers ; and it is certainly repugnant to our tasto to recommend tho practico indicated. But in colonies such as ours, whore agriculture may bo said to be still in ita infancy, and, to a largo extent, farming a, mero matter of mako- sliift, and commonplace expodi oncy-a soratch-put-it-in-and-oluuicc-it stylo - practices . must bo tolerated, which in othor and differently cir- cumstanced countries would bo altogether out of placo, and, vory properly, utterly scouted. "Wo once know an old gentleman living upon a small competonco in tho country, who was desirous of trenching a plot of land for a gardon or orchard. His means, he said, would not permit of his having tho work done in tile ordinary way, and had devised a plan which ho thought would help him out of his difficulty, lio liad cultivated a small patch of the Chinese yam (about which at that timo some stir was made as a valuable culinary vege- table for this colony) and found that it penetrated so dcoply into tho soil that to secure the tubers for uso, it was necessary to trench or turn ovor the soil to a dopth. of two or thrco feet. He had also found that pigs woro extremely fond of tho tubers, and would turn up tho soil to a considerable dopth in order to sccuro them. Ho concluded that if ho planted tho yams ovor tho urea ho desired to have trenched, and, when thoy wore suffi- ciently grown, turned a number of pigs on to the plan- tation, thoy would, in securing tho tubers, do tho trenching for him. Ho planted thc yams accordingly : -É>- -- ...» J...WS. ..1,W1U»UK1J( , and succeeded, at all events, to his own satisfaction. Wo cannot say whether or not tho work was woll done ; but thc expedient was at least ingenious, and wo men- tion it as an examplo ol' tho shifts that may bo made under circumstances of necessity, and as bearing somo resemblance to thc ono under consideration. To many beginners it would be a matter of tho great- est importance to leam that it would bo moro profit- able to feed their maize to pigs, on tho ground, than to harvest it either for market direct, or for pig-foeding in tho ordinary way. Wo do not say that this is actu- ally tho case. But wo do say that the probabilities aro amply sufficient to justify a fair trial. And instead of making tho trial with maize, Ave would strongly recom i mond that it bo made with one or other of tho sorg- hums. Either tho "Imhpoe" or tho "Planter's Friend" contains a very much larger amount of fattening sub ! stanco (sugar) in their stalks than maize. And if tho seeds are allowed to ripen they aro quito equal to maize, both in quantity and quality. And, still moro in favour of tho sorghums, thoy will flourish in poor soils, where maize would not have tho ghost of a chance. On tho richest alluvials of tho Hun tor or the Clarence, wo believe that an acre of sorgho would supply tho food for at least double the waight of hacon that an acre of maize would furnish, whether it bo fed off tho land or harvested and fed out in thc usual manner. If a proper system of focding-oft' could be adopted, so that tho liold could bo portioned out into sections, the diiforonco would bo still greater. The sorghums might bo cut, or eaton off, two, three, or moro times in tho season. Tho young stalks contain fattening ingicdiouts as well a» tho ripened ones, and by portioning ofE tho liold with movablo hurdles, each portion could bo suocoBsivoly eaten off and spelled, so that an ampio supply could bo kept up from January to July every year without any harvesting or housing at all. It would, howovor, bo wise to save a portion of tito crop, botli of seed and stalks, for a supply during tho winter nnd spring months. It voulu, bc a great relief to nmizo growers if, instead of planting all tho land they can got ready with maize, thoy would plant a portion with sorghum for tho pur- pose indicated. They need not go into it hit-or-mis» fashion, but makn a fair limited trial in tho first in- stance. The culturo is very much tho samo as maize. It is bost planted in rows, or hills, thc samo distance apart as maize is planted. It should bo plantod carly in Septombor. Tho seed should bo stooped in wator for forty-oight hours beforo planting, and it should not, under any circumstances, be covored deeper than half an inch. A dozen or moro seeds should- bo sown on each hill ; and when they have .grown three or four inches high tho weakest plants should bo pulled np, leaving not more than four or five plants for each MIL "Where seeds have missed, their places may bo suppliod with plants taken from hills where a Huperahundanco have sprung up. It will be necessary also to hoo or plough down the weeds wliilo tho plants aro young, or they will bo mastored, just ¡in maize would bo. Sorg- hum is sometimes sown broadcast whon inconded for green fodder, but is much preferable to cultivate it in tho way directed, as it may then bc cut or fed off so vcral times. "Wo need scarcely montion that tho crop is valunbla for dairy and other stack, and it may ho fod off hy them as stated it may bc, by pigs. It is necessary, how- ever, to montion that no stock should bo allowed to feed it off until tho plants aro so firmly rooted in thu noil th ut they cannot bc torn out by tho animals. Tho produce of an acre of sorgho on good land in n good Henson, if cut three or four times for green foddor may bo esti- mated at about eighty tons, and tho probablo puro cane sugar contents, or tho chief fattoning substance, about three to four tons. On thc uphindH, or in poor districts, of coxirso tho produco would bo less. But it will far surpass any crop that can he grown in such pinces ; and with a very littlo extra culturo and man- uro it would in good seasons como very near to tho re- sults named. Under any circumstances it would bo worth at loast ten times as much as oaten hay or greon barley. In America, whore maize is esteemed of much greater importance and higher value than it is with us, sorg- hum is estimated, as a crop, afc from ono to two hun- dred per cont, moro valuable. It would astonish some of tile sorghum growers in that country to rend our re- marks on sorgho culture, knowing, as they must, that tho plant flourishes with us as well na it docs with thom. AVo regret that wo have so poor a story to toll, but hopo tile day is not far «listant when it may bo otherwise-when wu shall have loamed to va lu o our advantages, and liko other intelligent pooplo, utiliso them. Tho seed which it in our function to scattor may not all fall on barron noil, and that which we des poiidingly cast abroad may yet roturn a promising, crop._ 