WITH ENGLISH TRAPPISTS. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT OF THE ECHO.) The Rccoi d fears that Mr. Gladstone has been visiting this Monastery of Trappists', he has not But you may like to hear what he would have seen Did one half the world know how the other half lives, my occupation would be gone How new to all but few will be my account of a spot in " Memo England" where mirth is unknown, and where literally the inhabitants take their pleasure sadly A bleak moor, on the increase non lucendo principle called a forest, whose hedges are stone dykes, whose rare popu- lace is clothed in an uncouth garb, savouring of a cross between an old wife and a dust- man-long white petticoats, surmounted by a pointed hood of the same colour, the monotony of the whole being only i shoved by a broad black band, which hangs down over the shoulders before and behind Here and there are others in garments like fashioned, but of a brown or black hue Are they convicts that their heads are so closely clipped, and that they go to and from their labour in gangs, shouldering their spades or instrument of husbandry, and marching forth in single file from that prison like edifice, eyes fixed on the ground and lips firmly closed lest a word should escape them ? In penal servitude they are, but of no legal sort, condemned not by justice but by an unjust conviction of a fancied authority to wear out their simple lives in solitary confinement, to which the honors of Millbank or Pentonville are as nothing That gloomy looking building, whose nal low windows and barred gates loom up darkling against the sky, and form the only object of sight for many a mile around, is the Trappist Monastery of Mount St. Bernard situated on Charnwood Forest, Leicestershire and there are the monks, some of them gentlemen-one at least, an Oxford man of a good county family of the new hall in the white habits, mon of a certain amount of higher education, some priests and some preparation for the priest hood That little man, with morning eye and firmly compressed jaw, working in the field and rooting out some obstinate thistles, is the Lord Abbot himself who a few hours hence will he rooting out the thistles of self from the soul of some kneeling novice or in- stilling the principles of spiritual husbandry into the minds of his subjects The tall gentlemanly looking figure with her and besom busily engaged in weeding the walks IS the Father such, a priest of blame less life but of most ascetic habit Turn to the left and at the top of a pile of rocks stands a lofty crucifix, the road up to which is winding, and set apart for those who would make the way of the Cross to the Calvary above, and descend again to a sepulchre, which suddenly (H.E closes to the unoxpecting visitor a full length figure of Christ lying in the tomb Look to the night, a train of novices, some mere boys, marches in single file back to the cloister. As they go alone some calves frisking in all the contrast of freedom, are performing some ungainly antics. A youth raises his eyes in the first ; laughs at the sights in the second and most heinous crime of all, makes a sign to his neighbour, who, however, observes his rule to the letter, and refuses even to look up. We are joined by Brother Bartimeus, the courteous guest master, who, glancing at our letter of introduction, conducts us within the guests-house, which is separated from the main building, but united to the church by a cloister. We express a wish to stay the customary three days, on which the Abbot is summoned. He at once grants us the required permission, and we agree to the few " rules of the house," some of which are dispensed with in consequence of our system Protestantism. Bang, bang, goes a great hall, "Would we like to go to Vespers?' To Vespers we betake ourselves, and are placed in a gallery overlooking the choir-or rather the nave of what, when finished, is to be a well-proportioned monastic church. Gloominess is the order of the day, or rather evening. The space below us is empty, till two youthful figures glide is, one of whom lights the candles on the altar, the other busying himself with arranging the books. Presently another bell, and sundry cowled ghosts steal in and occupy their stalls, which, we may observe, are so arranged as to render sitting down an impossibility. A few moments of private devotion, then the abbot himself begins the office in a stentorian voice an metaphor is in- toned by two novices, and turn the full choir bursts out with the Dixil Domintis, taken to a Gregorian tune. Stay, why does Brother Boniface blush as he roads that card The choir master has taken this an English method of informing him that he has sung the wrong verse, on which the offender leaves his stall and prostrates himself before the altar, where the Abbot suffers him to lie for fully three minutes and then knocks for him to return, which he does in all humility. Like all the offices, except the mass, and the lessons in the Breviary, vespers ? are Bung without book in fact, the strict rule of the order is that none can he admitted as professed monks till they know the Psalter by heart ; our wonder, therefore, was that the prostrate was not the normal attitude in choir. Vespers over, we were hospitably but plainly entertained by the guest astor, who, however, are nothing nor drank with us. " 'Tis our holy rule, he said though we must say he looked as if a little tea and bread and butter would do him no harm. "Our tea? We have none. We shall shortly have our supper of dry bread, cut off from our mornings portion, and some milk and even that is a concession to English stomachs. Properly speaking, a Trappist is like a religious boa constrictor, ho cats but once, and that at noon. To-morrow you shall judge for yourselves how we fare." Another bell. " That's for 'Chapter,' and as there we may talk, if it's only to accuse ourselves of our faults, we do not scruple to avail ourselves of the permission, just as we do in choir, the only other place save the infirmary where we are allowed the use of our unruly member.' Farewell Complin I" At this service the whole community, including the lay brothers, came trooping in nor could anything exceed thosolomnityof the dark choir, the motionless kneeling figures, the awful silence as each examined himself on his behaviour during the day. It was oppressive, and great were our feelings of relief when we heard the knock which signalled the conclusion of the func- tion, and allowed each monk to glide past the abbot, as with a low bow he received holy water from his father in God." By 9 o'clock a deeper silence reigned' around both outside and inside ; we betook ourselves to bed- very clean and very hard and were just asleep when an inexorable bell awoke the echoes. Our first thought was fine ; but the brother's voice crying out as He knocked at the door "Benedkamw Domino," reminded us where we were Starting up, wo dresS it was 1 a.m., and bitter cold, but temperate when compared to the biting fri- guilty of the church. Verily, if the Trappists have the truth, she lies in a well. Will it be believed, night after night, every night of their lives, winter and summer, this ordeal is gone through, and for two mortal hours, sometimes three, these wretched men and boys sing the long office of Matins and' Lauds, with naught to warm them save the The of devotion ? Right glad were we to get back to bed for the Trappist there was no more bed till the noon siesta prayer, study, or meditation must occupy His thoughts till Prime at 4 a.m. Once again we turn out, sorely unwillingly, with ditto re- pealed. At 7.30 comes another innovation on the Trappist rule, namely, a "mixt" or breakfast, consisting of a hunch (very small of bread and some new milk ; then more " Chapter ;" thon Tierces with mass and then the day's work fully begins. ", Our work is no fools' play," said the Abbot. "Look all round on these hundreds of acres, now fully tilled and saying ; these were all waste, when our two brothers came from Ireland as pioneers. Mr. de Lisle gave us the land, and helped us with our church and monastery ; all the rest we've done ourselves, and lazy monks ' though we be, have at all events taught the farmers of the neighbourhood how to break up and reclaim the for est." "But, if silence is your rule, how do you manage to direct your labourers?" " We have an alphabet of Biens, which every novice leads, one to which we stick. Of course, to the hired labourers and outsiders we talk, but for that duty two or three of the older and trust. for monks are deputed." "How about recreation?" "Taken in silence, when there is any-oven on Christmas Day and the Feast of St. Bernard." " But do you monks never go mad?" "One or two have nay, more than once we have found in the fields or a garden hose the habit cast off, and a letter saying the wearer had returned to the world. Yes, we've had some strange characters escaped criminals, deserters. One was Here two years before we discovered what he was. Another preferred our silence and hard fare to the crack of his wife's tongue and was greatly disgusted at having to go back to roast beef and a scolding spouse. Excuse me. there's the bell for Soxt, after which you shall taste ' St. Bernard's mutton.' " We are in the refectory, seated at the Abbot's table, after a long Latin grace. The Abbot makes a sign a thick vegetable soup is placed before us, in a lordly dish of the commonest. " Too much," wo exclaim to our host. He crosses the right forefinger over the left, and immediately half the quantity is placed before us. Another sign, too quick to be quite perceptible, and a mess of pottage and plain suet pudding appears-currants, even at the rate of three to the ounce of flour, were long since condemned as luxurious. Dinner is over, the plain boards are cleared, the monks retire to their siesta, two to the burying ground, to see the inevitable open grave, then to the re- formatory for boys-once conducted, but unsuccessfully, by the monks and then back to church again, for None, We did not stay out the three days ; one was enough. Yet there were old men amongst the community, and this though their meals are vegetable no eggs allowed-and their library contains nothing but theological and ascetical works. De gustibus non disputandum. THE Moscow Gazette says that the first stone has been laid of a fortress on the right bank of the Oxus, and that the building is now rapidly progressing towards completion. The fortress will be styled Potro Alexan dress, and will harbour a garrison of 500 Cossacks, and will be armed with 12 guns. AN extraordinary shoal of fish lately visited Waterford harbour. The shoal of herrings was such as to baffle description. The fish were actually wedged together into one compact mass, and the men could not let out more than half their nets, lost the immense weight of fish should be oak them. A coRRESPONDENT writes to The Times : A horrible murder has been committed in this territory of the United States on the person of Mr. F. T. Worsloy- Bonison, a native of Reading, England, aged 25 years. He left England February 3, 1873, for New Orleans, and thence travelled to Albuquerque, New Mexico. Here he stayed from July 6 to September 29, when he left on foot for Tam- place, where He intended embarking for lung land. On the night of September 23 he was murdered at a house some miles below Bolin, on the Rio Grande, the deed being done with an axe, which clean the skull from the crown to the jaw on the left side. He was asleep at the time. The body was found in a ravine close by on the 1st of October in a semi decomposed state by some sandboys, and identified by some European residents at Behn. The murderers were instantly arrested by the authorities, being two men and two women. The men have escaped from custody, but efforts are being made and rewards offered for their re-capture. The deceased was, it is supposed, murdered for the sake of his clothes, which he carried in a knapsack, some 300 dol. which he had on him, and a rifle. It is to be hoped that the perpetrators of this horrible and dastardly crime will be speedily brought to the fate they so richly deserve. The affair has been, placed in the bonds of both the British and American authorities." 