PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in tlio placo whoro I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, und, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn It whoso liât." SATURDAY, DECEMBER 20, 187_. The curtain is down again after whi has proved as miserable a performanc as lias ever been witnessed on this c any other legislative stage. For a timi we aro happy to say, the Victorian Pai liamentary Theatre will be closed, fe under the present management the poi formalices have been ono long-continue outrage on public tasto and public inte ligence, Put away the faded propertiei sweep up the rubbish, and look th doors. Let us have a littlo breatbin time before the next season open! ?with exhibitions probably as lam and promises as impotent as thos which characterised its predecessoi The Ministerial mountebanks have doffei the motley, and are now doubtless cor gratulating themselves on the long holi day before them. Instead of bein] constrained to cry "all is lost sav "honour," they are in a position ti declaro that nothing has been forfeitei but that unmerchantable thing. Be fore these lines meet the public ey many of their supporters, who hav upheld them because they could no see any advantage to themselves a likely to result from a change, am of their opponents, who havo sya tetnatically harassed their operations misrepresented their motives, and oxag gerated their defects in a spirit of simp! and unadulterated faction, will hav taken wing for the respective district which have the misfortune to own then as members. Afow thore are, we know who will go to their homes in anothe spirit altogether, and with feelings o a very different description. There are we are happy to think, still somi members left in the Assembly win put honour and consistency and th< public good before all thoughts o: self-gratification or personal ambition These will look back with regret on th< wasted hours of a profitless session, and rememberwith shameand indignation the weary evenings that were spent in vent ing private malice and forwarding private ends, while all the time the necessities of the country were loudlj demanding attention. "What mighl " not have been achieved," they wil! think, "if all the minutes frittered " away in discussions utterly purpose " less, so far as the public were con' " cerned, had been spent in an earnest " endeavour to supply the needs of " the country in the way of practical " legislation V The speech put intoHisExcELLENcy's mouth at the prorogation was a fitting wind-up to such a session. It joined in about equal proportions the two elements of absurdity and untruth fulness. The idea of opening such an address with a reference to the South Australian boundary lino could never have occurred to a Ministry without Mr. KERFERD at its head. It appoars to us that this matter was settled long ago. If a line Las been erroneously fixed on, 60 much the worso for the colony that Las been deprived of a certain portion of its territory ; but inasmuch as it was a consenting party to the wrong, if wrong it can be called, wo fail to seo any cause of complaint. Cases o£ this description ought to make us glad that thero is an Imperial Government to appeal to. Wo agree with the Ministry that " it is to bo regretted that Par " liament has, for the third time, failed " to concur in passing into law tho " measure dealing with mining on " private property," but wo would ask what prospect of success thero was for such a measure introduced in such a way? It is evident, and has boon evident for many months past, that nothing bat extreme earnestness will overcome tho oppoaition of property holders, both groat and small, to this proposal. Neither the Government nor the Assembly were in earnest on the point, and thereforo no one need be surprised at tho result. The para- graph concerning the settlement of tho people on the lands is unique in its audacity. Wo do not wonder that Mr. CAÍÍHY thought fit to absent himself, when ho knew that His EXCHLLCNCY was required to utter such fictions. Nothing becamo tho coremony so much as its ending, when His EXCI_T_,E_>I!Y declared tho Parliament prorogued to the 1st day of February next, and pro- claimed it prorogued accordingly. And so ended a long drawn-out farce which may well bo known heroaftor as the " skeleton session," the vory ghost and phantom of a real Parliamentary gather- ing That thero should be reason to fear that in a short time Ilobson'a Bay will no longGr bo navigablo by large vessels is a very serious matter. Indood wo can scarcely conceive that anything could happen to the colony moro detri mental to ita material welfare or i Hinging to ita commercial prospects, such a state of affairs should actua come about, the effect of it upon I trade of Melbourne would be much 1 same as if the city were moved back the foot of Mount Macedon. T [ capital would no longer be a seaport, the right meaning of the term, aud t whole colony would suffer through business centro being denuded of t advantages which it now enjo in being able to receive into warehouses the products of all natio direct from shipboard. Yet Mr. Ki FEUD regards this disastrous prospo not perhaps with complacency or difference, but with a quite langu intereat. He sees ,the danger wil which we are threatened, and deplor it, and when he finds time he will ti and think of something that he will i vite Parliament to consider the propri-j ! of doing to avert the evil. Ia the pu lie prepared to rest content with 11 bland assurance? Scarcely, wo thiu when it awakens to a proper understam ing of the real state of the case. The silting-up of Hobson's Bay hi been under consideration more or le; for many years past; indeed it lit occupied the attention of' nautici men interested in the welfare < our ¡lort ever since it was port. In February, 1866, Commandi Cox, R.N., Admiralty surveyor, calle attention to the matter in a pointe manner. Ile reported to the Govert ment that the bay had shoaled from lfl to 3ft. in two and a half yeara, am predicted that if certain practices tho¡ followed were continued, "the greatc " part of Hobson's Bay would in cours " of time silt up, forming largo plain " of the same kind as those now existai " on its shores, when the only commv " nication of Melbourne and Geelon " with tho sea would be by stream " similar to the Yarra." From tha time till this the subject has been re ceiving attention at intorvals. In 186' and 1871 a commission of professiona gentlemen reported that the silting u was at the rate of 2-82in. per annum ii the delta of the river, and at til rate of less than an inch pe annum over the greater portion c the area of the bay. In 1872 a solee committee of tho Legislative Assembl was appointed to further investigate th subject, and when Parliament was pre rogued the members of this committe* were appointed a commission to carr on the inquiry. The report of this body containei matter of such serious import that it i difficult to understand how the Govern ment can have omitted to take actioi upon it. Without attempting to gi fully into the subjeot at present, W' may say that tho evidence adducei before the commission points to th conclusion that the diversion of thi Yarra into a new channel, at its outlet is the chief cause of the silling up o the bay. This diversion was effected f o the purpose of making the river moutl more easily accessible by ships of largi draught of water, for which the old dianne could not bo adapted in consequence o! its being intersected by a ridge of rock But when the new channel was formée it was expected that it would afford . more effective scour than the, old one and BO discourage, rather than favour the deposition of silt. Tho direct con trary has proved to be the effect of it however, and the experts examined bj the commission concur in the opinior that the training walls between whicl the new channel has its course are tht principal cause of the rapid shoaling ol the bay on the Williamstown side. It i* to be observed, too, that the skilled wit- nesses-harbourmasters, pilots, steam- boat captains, eke.-estimate the rate of 6ilting up much higher than did the professional board which had the matter in charge at one period. That Hobson's Bay should silt up if left to its own devices is not a thing to cause surpriso. When bay and river were alike in a state of nature, they had arrived at some kind of arrangement under which the one received the other into its bosom in a friendly spirit, and in terms of this agreement deep water was maintained along the Williamstown shore for perhaps hundreds or thousands of years. But when man took posses- sion of the bay and river things speedily underwent a chango. Various opera- tions in the Upper Yarra country in- creased the load of earth and clay which the river had to carry off into the sea ; the sewage of Melbourne gavo it an additional and ever-increasing burthen to bear; tho action of steamers' paddles and propelling screws below bridge further added to its work ; and when, besides all this, the river was forced into a new outlot channel less fa- vourable to rapid egress than the old one, what wonder is there if it laid down its load sooner than it had been accustomed to do ? And besides all this, the Wil- liamstown fore shore has been encum- bered with half a dozen or so of for- midable groynes, which must necessarily offer a serious impediment to the sea- ward course of river-borno silt. The btoamboat, tho Ann-street, the graving dock, and the railway piers ; the break- water, and the several smaller piers and jetties which run into tho bay_ from the shore, combine to make it im- possible for a current or eddy to travel along it at such a rato of speed as would carry sand or mud along with it, and rapid deposition of matter hold in suspension follows asa matter of course. That it will bo a matter of some diffi- culty to keep Hobson's Bay open for navi- gation is therefore only too plain. But it must be done, nevertheless. Neither difficulty nor cost must bo permitted to hinder the performance of this duty, for, as we have said, to neglect it would bo to suffer Melbourne as a soaport and commercial capital to bo utterly de- stroyed, to the lasting injury not of Melbourne alone, but of the whole colony. It is to be hoped that Minis- ters will awako to tho necessity of taking some moro vigorous action in tho matter than was dimly shadowed forth in Mr. KI*-I*EHU'S timid and hesitating utter- ance of last Tuesday evening. Tho proposal of the Minister of Mines to hold a small mining parlia-* ment in Mclbourno is already bearing fruit. Tho Ballarat Mining Board have proved equal to tho occasion, and at their monthly meeting, held on Monday last, resolved to seek permission to discuss mining matters genorally, and to invito the other boards to do likowise. Wo have not the slightest doubt that the othor boards will bo quito willing, for-Bitch an opportunity of magnifying their functions and doing honour themselves is not likely to occur again at least, for a very long time. It is, t very thoughtful of tho Ballarat board intimate to the Minister what is dosirt as it is obvious that ho has no power control the discussions of the boa when once they havo been got togoth They might havo initiated discussioi issued manifestos, and declared the selves to be of the utmost importance tho country, without consulting him the least ; but they will now bo able go into the business with bettor gra< and, as it were, under tho patrona of the Government. As far ive can seo, there is nothing warrant any portion of the proposi proceedings, which aro to be, it appeal in the naturo of a mining conventio These boards, which can scarcely iii anything to do, and which only meet wide intervals of time, and then do b very little, if any, business, can sure have nothing to say collectively whii they cannot say separately. If, for e ample, the Ballarat board havo any br. liant project, any reform to proposo, i discovery to relate, why is it concealec If, on tho other hand, they lack idea and are desirous of learning fromtheothi boards, they can correspond, and so let o all the accumulated wisdom which ma; or may not, lie dormant. Perhapi however, it is expected that the clash < minds will produce suggestions, an that those who in their country retreal seem to be very barren of ideas, will i the metropolis become inspired wit noble thoughts. Perhaps, however, th desire is rather to becomo a little im portant, and use the opportunity whia the Minister of Mines has given ti show a wicked public that these board are not dead, although thoy may hav been sleeping for a considerable time The result, of course, will bo as usual Speeches of more or less eloquence, ant moro or less to the purpose, will bi made, and the chosen few will havi their vanity gratified by being able t( make a .little fuss for no particulai purpose. It is obvious that there is nothing ir the present condition of mining industry which warrants any such proceeding If the Minister of Mines desires infop mation from the boards as to the codi- fication of the bye-laws, he can get if at once, and with very Uttlo trouble. If the various bye-laws as they now exist are not a sufficient guide to him, he has but to ask and have the views of each board in the colony at any length he pleases. If he wants to be told how the miners and most of the mining boards regard the department over which ho presides, he can get the information supplied with a force and directness which will, we are sure, be quite sufficient to satisfy his utmost longing. There is absolutely not a single subject to warrant the con- vening of a little parliament or official debating society unless it be the question of mining on private property, ?concerning which, wo may assume,noither the Minister of Mines nor any one of ?his colleagues is in want of the views of the mining boards or of the miners generally. In short, the boards collec- tively can but repeat what they have separately said. With more candour than politeness, thoy may perhaps inform the Minister that the auriferous lands of the colony are being to a great extent shepherded under a very pernicious system of mining leases ; but then they will only toll him what ho knows quite well already. The department have no lack of information on this point. Their own figures, imperfect as they aro, ought to convince them how this system is working, and if they fail to pro- duce any marked effect, tho united eloquence of the united mining boards is not likely to avail very much. Out- side of these questions, in all of which the boards differ from the department, there is nothing that the boards can say or do in Melbourne which they would not say and do a great deal better in the country. In fact it would bo quite a mercy to some of them to give them something with which to occupy their time, and to afford them a chance of showing their constituents, who, by the bye, treat them very coolly, that they aro doing some work in return for the salary which they receive. But this sensible course is not to bo followed, and there is to be, it seems, a nice little debating club in Melbourne at the ex- pense of the country, in order that the Minister of Mine3 may bo told what ho knows already, and members of mining boards may repeat what they havo said a thousand times before. We need hardly point out that such a proceeding as this is but another proof of the inefficiency of tho system. The mining boards, which have little to do now, are to be kept alive even when the power of making bye laws shall have been taken from them, to advise, we aro told, the Mining department when auriferous land is put up for sale. This impor- tant function, which tho boards them- selves declaro to have been a failure, is to be made the excuse for keeping alivo seven boards, at a considerable expense to the country. The one thing which the boards might possibly bo ablo to do is the one thing denied to them, for thoy aro unable to protect tho miners against tho monopoly of land under leases, and the department havo ways of their own which cannot bo changed. Tho pro- posed convention-for such it will be, in a small way-is the merest of shams ; it means of concealing inefficiency, and a method of doing nothing whilst pro- tending to do a great deal. Such wrongs as the minors now suffer arise from departmental action, and the remedy is in the hands of the Minister himself. He could, wo believe, by a departure from established routino, give wider scope to a waning industry ; but this is tho very thing which the de- partment refuses to do, though thero is great willingness to do something else Tvhich nobody has asked for and which nobody wants. Even now it is not too late for the Ministor of Mines to abandon his project, seeing that it ia clear he cannot confino discussion within tho limits he proposed ; and seeing, too, how utterly unnecessary a convention is. Ho may mildly intimate that ho profors "to " track suggestion to her inmost coll " in writing, and that while ho is obliged to tho boards for their proposal to go into things in general to any extent, ho rather thinks that their labour can bo saved with advantage, and some little expenso bo Bpared. In doing this ho will bo simply putting a stop to an absurdity which, unlike somo of .our former conventions, has not oven the mont of being backed up by even a faint display of sympathy on the part of the public. The minors have not the least desire to sea their mining representatives in publie meeting assembled, and certainly do not hope to learn anything from thom, and will only smile at the whole thing, unless tiley aro lost in wonder at its meaning. Diphthoria has been committing fearful ravages in Now York. In tho week ending tho 17th of Octobor last tho num- ber of doaths from this causo amounted to forty-six, as many as throo occurring in a singlo house. Tho disoaso was not confined to one quarter of the city, but extended to all. It was most malignant in largo tenements whore numbers of people are closely packed togethor, and all the surrounding conditions aro un- favourable to health. Tho medical faculty in New York appear to bo gone rally of opinion that diphthoria is con- tagious ¡ and it is interesting to men- tion, in connexion with the thoory of our correspondent "Mueor," that the most eminent physicians of that city lay great stress upon the importance of a proper disinfection of the excre- tions of the sick. Owing to the belief of tho contagiousness of the disease, patients aro not sent to any of the gonoral hospitals ; and there is some talk of founding one specially for such cases, and of making such arrangements in it as will admit of their isolation. In con- nexion with a subject which possesses as painful an interest for the inhabitants of this colony as it does for tho peoplo of Now York, and as bearing also on tho fun- goid theory of zymotic disease, in all its varieties, attention has been called by an English professor to the following inci- dent :-A family in his neighbourhood was attacked by typhoid fever of a severe typo, and applying himself to an investi- gation of the probable causes of the malady, ho inquired from whence the ordinary Bupply of water was obtained. Being referred to the pump, he examined the spout and found it to bo covered with a sort of gelatinous matter. " Submit " ting thiB to microscopic investigation, " it was seen to bo a fungoid growth, " from which spores wore constantly " washed, away by the flowing water. " Following up this discovery by a " minute examination of the outlet of " tho sewer through which the drainage " of the town flowed, there wore found " fungoid growths of a similar nature to " those in the pump spout. In tho vici " nity of this outlet the fever had also " prevailed. Having cases of fever in " his own family, the profossor followed " up his inquiry by a chemical analysis " of tho water drunk, and found in it " minute spores of the same fungus. " His conclusion is, therefore, that the " fever had its origin in the fungus " matter taken into tho system, whore it " ferments as yeast in beor, and poisons " the blood." Possibly this may furnish the faculty in this colony with a clue to the origin of diphtheria and typhoid fever in thoso places where each has prevailed. The first eeaaion of the eighth Parliament of Victoria terminated its labours at noon on Thursday, when the prorogation took placo with all the ceremonial observances custo- mary on such occasions. No preliminary business was done in either House. lion, members of the Legislative Council were supposed to meet at 11 o'clock, hut the Pre- sident did not take the chair until the ap- proach of the Governor was announced, so that the Officials in Parliament Bill, which had been set down on the notice paper to be read a second time, was lost. His Excellency the Governor waa escorted to the Parliament, yard by a detachment of the Prince of Wales Volunteer Light Horse, under the command of Captain Bruce, and he was there received by a guard of honour composed of the Garrison Artillery, under Lieutenant Nichol- son, the Head-quarters Band playing the National Anthem. His Excellency having alighted from his carriage, at once proceeded to the Legislative Council chamber. He waa accompanied by Colonel Anderson, Major Pitt (private secretary), Captain Machell (A.D.C.), Captain Bull, Captain Snee, Captain Bruce, Captain Terry, and Lieutenant Nichol- son. There was but a thin attendance of the general public in place of the brilliant throng which usually assembles in the Council-chamber on such occasions, partly owing, no doubt, to the comparatively early hour at which the prorogation took place. His Excellency having taken his seat under the President's canopy, the Speaker and members of the Legislative As- sembly appeared at the bar, and presented the Appropriation BUL The Royal assent was given to 15 measures. His Excellency then read the speech proroguing Parliament, and bowing to hon. members of both Houses, left the chamber. The members of the Legislative Assembly returned to their chamber, where, having heard the vice-regal speech again read, they shook hands with the Speaker and separated. By half-past 12 o'clock both of the halls of legislature were deserted, the furniture was covered in wrappers, and there was nothing left to recall the busy scenes which have so recently been enacted therein. The new screw steamship St. Osyth arrived yesterday from Plymouth, after a splendid passage of 47½ days. The St. Osyth is a large full-powered steamer, built originally for the China trade, but on being finished she was placed on the berth for Melbourne, and filled up remarkably well in a short time with passengers and cargo. The St. Osyth is to be credited with having made the fastest passage known between England and Aus- tralia, and her commander (Captain McNabb) is sanguine of yet doing the distance under 45 days. The steamer has magnificent ma- chinery, which drives her at 12 knot speed with ease in ordinary weather, but on the voyage she had to contend for more than three weeks against heavy adverse weather. She also put into St. Jago for 24 hours, which caused another delay. By the St. Osyth we have files of English papers to the 5th November, courteously supplied by Captain McNabb and Mr. W. C. Saunders, purser, and also by Captain Jas. Deane, passenger. Captain Deane, it will be recollected, went home on business early in the year, and after success- fully accomplishing his mission in shipping matters, has again returned to the colony. Amongst the passengers were several clergy- men of the Roman Catholic persuasion, and some 20 religieuses (Sisters of the Cross). One death occurred during the passage, a German named Christophe Gebhardt having died from natural causes on the 1st inst. The steamer has a large quantity of cargo for Sydney, and the consignees will be in receipt of it in something like 55 days after it left Plymouth. The St. Osyth was berthed at the Railway pier, Sand- ridge, early yesterday morning, and during the course of the day she formed a promi- nent object of attraction, and was inspected by hundreds of visitors. With reference to tho reported wreck of the ship Maitland, referred to in our issue of the 19th ¡nat., wo learn that a telegram has been received by tho Customs department from the agents of the vessel at Brisbane, stating that the Maitland had arrived at Sun Francisco, all well. The account of the wreck waa too circumstantial to be a fabrica- tion, but it can only bo supposed that a mis- take has been mado in the name of the vessel, and that Homo other ship- not tho Maitland-has been lost. Holiday-makers aro provided to-day with a lengthy programmo of amusomonts, and thoso who desire to spend tho day in tho open air have plenty to choose from. In addition to the numerous private picnics at Forntreo Gully, Brighton, Mordialloc, and other placeBon the shores of the. bay, thero are excursions to Geelong by the steamer Rob Roy to Schnapper Point and D mana by the steamers Murray and Worhav to Queenscliff by the steamer Williams a to Queenscliff and Sorrento by the stean Golden Crown Tor those who pro athlectic sports thoro is the Oddfellows./ m tho Tnendly Societies Gardens the Ca doman Gathering on the St Andrei Society s Grounds Emerald hill and t Catholic Picnic on tlio Warehousemoi Cricket-ground St Kilda road Those w aro of a horsey tondency will no doul patronise the races at Williamstown wh the cricketing vommunity aro provided wi thelntercolonialCncketMatch Tortheeve ing there are the two pantomimes whi are announced to suij ass all previously sei in the colony Both of these productio are supplied with very long names the oi at the Theatre Royal which will be produc for the first time this ovoning being entitli Humpty Dumpty (who sat on a wall) Harlequin King Arthur his Three Sons ti Princess Roseleaf the Knights of the Rout Table and the Tairy of the Torn _r Gully The pantomime at the Opera hou was produced on Thursday evening and described elsewhere At St Georges hal the Toiir of Oolu will give hiB magic performance while the Princess s Theat will open with a troupe of minstrels J Blondín performs in the afternoon and evei mg and there is to be a promenade co: cert in the Town hall in the evening The anticipations of many in consequene of the extraordinary season which has bee experienced lately that there would not t fine weather for Christmas were fortunato! not realised Though the aspect of the ali yesterday was not cheerful during tho earl hours of the morning at about 11 ocloc the sun shone out brilliantly and thence forward the day was delightful Thero wer no public amusements but the sea side sul urbs and other holiday resorts wore patron wed by large crowds and a good many picm parties were to be seen passing through th streets of the city The Yarra too was th means of affording recreation to many nearl all the available boats being utilised whilst the parks and gardens attracted con siderablo numbers of visitors The ei cursion steamers were comfortably filled and the pleasure boats did a thnviui trade Most of the entertainments in thi evening were well attended As usual ser vices were held in tho various AngUcat churches At St Peters Church m the morn ing there was a full choral service which wai attended by a very large congregation Th< building was tastefully decorated with flowen and evergreens The sermon was preached by the Rev Canon Handheld from psalm zix 1 The musical portion of the service was most admirably rendered The mtro ductory voluntary was the Silver Trumpete March which was excellently playee] by the organist Mr Summers The Te Deum sung waa Mendelssohns and the anthem was selected from The Messiah including the choruses 1 or unto us a child is bom Glory to God and ' Hallelujah The offertory was devoted to the Ladies Benevo lent Society At St James s Cathedral Wil ham street there was also a numerous attendance Tbe galleries and communion rails were prettily festooned with evergreens and on the fronts of the former were two large illuminated texts Peace on earth goodwill towards men and ' Glory to God in the Highest. The Rev Canon Becher preached from Matthew xi 28 and the organist and choir performed appropriate music A similar service was conducted at St Pauls Swanston street where the Rev Canon Chase delivered a discourso from Luke ii 11 Mass was celebrated in all the Roman Catholic churches yesterday At St Patricks Cathedral there was mass every half hour up to half past 10 and at 11 o clock his Grace Archbishop Goold celebrated pontifical high mass for the first time since his return from Europe wearing the pallium which is the mark of his archiépiscopal dignity At the conclusion he gave the Papal benediction which is attached to Christmas Castor and one or two other leasts of the church At St Francis s Church in addition to the usual masses high mass was celebrated by Father M Carroll the choir singing Mozarts Impe no1 Mass Tlio offertory piece waa tho Adeste Tidehs In the evening there was a benediction To day being St Stephen s day there will be mass in all the Catholic churches The inquiry into the Echuca dummy cases was continued by the Minister of Lands on Thursday when the hearing of an appeal by Mr D M Barry a selector on the Cornelia Creek run was commenced and adjourned till next Tuesday A meeting of the council of the University will be held at 4pm on Wednesday the 30th tnst to appoint a lecturer on History and Political Economy and to determine who is to set and examino the mathematical papers for the TebruaryTerm 1875 The seat vacated in the council by the resigna tion of Mr D A Hughes is likely to be con tested warmly Mr Pearson and Dr Madden it is said will offer themselves for the suf rages of the senate The name of Mr P S Davis is also mentioned as a probable can didate Sir Redmond Barry as judge of the Vice Admiralty Court, gave his decision on Thurs doy in the suit relating to the barquo Lady Tranklin The vessel had belonged to Mr Thorne of Auckland and was despatched on a voyage from Auckland to Melbourne thence to "Newcastle NSW thero to await orders After the vessel arrived in Mel bourne it was found necessary to expend largo sums for necessaries repairs kc Messrs Lord and Son tho agents of tho ship ad vanced m the first instance £39D receiving a draft on tho owner for tho amount which was subsequently paid Afterwards they advanced further sums making altogether _1000 and for this the captain gave them a bottomry bond Messrs Lord and Son sought to enforco the bond as Thorne had become msohent The vail lity of tho bond uns disputed by tho Bank of New South \\\ ales who were mortgagees of tho vossol on the ground that tho advances were really made on the personal credit of Thorne and that the bond was an aftorthought to secure Messrs Lord and Son whon it wa3 found ti at the owner was becoming embarrassed The judge decided in favour of the bank but without costs Ihe decision of tho Supreme Couit was given on Thursday m tho action of Zie-ei is nu I C1 rtstophcrson. v TI e Board of Lan I an I W oi Äs Plaintiffs sttod for breach of a con tract mado for the execution of some works in connexion with the Yan Yean water sup plj By ono of the conditions of the con tract it was provided that all disputes should be referred to tho inspector general of public works whose decision should be final Under this provision tho defendants obtained an order from Mr Justice Barry staying tho action and refer ring the mattor to the inspector general 1 lamtiffs applied during tho term to have ti is order sot aside on tho ground that Air *U ardoll the inspectoi gonoral had already .wrtunlly decided tho ctso by putting an end to the contract and thero was no use going before him On thursday the Court decided that the application must ha refused if par tics chooso to mako agreements binding themselves as tho plaintiffs had dono hero thoy could not ask the Court to releas!) them In the caso of Mr Josoph Geary detained in gaol under an order of commitment issue I on a fraud summons Mr Justice Larry on Ulursday said that ho had deudod aftoi takn g all the circumstances into congi deration to direct Ins diseJiarge Mr Geary ?nasreloas«d from custody iiuring tho aftor noon During the vacation Chamber businoss in the Supremo Court will bo talton on 1 iles days and lndayo at 11 o clock o**c*pt on tho 1st January when no business will bo tiansacted On Monday January 4 tho busmess will bo taken at 10 o clock Tho curator of mtestato estates has ob tamed administration to the eBtato of 1 d ward Larjsor, of Emerald hill, who du November 24, property sworn under _U Cs Gd The ladies to whom circulars were èérnt o the departure of the Bishop and Mrs Pen havo been requeated to forward any contr butions they may bo desirous of making I tho fund referred to in the circular to ti Bishop s registry Little Collins street whei a list of subscribers may be seen -ho intercolonial cricket mat<*li betwee representatives of Now South WaleB and Vu tona will commence to day on the Melbourn ground, and will be continued on Mondo mid Tuesday Owing to tho visit of the Al J ngland ] leven last year the season of 1873 passed over without any cricket contest be tween the two colonies It is intended t make up for this omission during the presen season, as two matches will be played-til present one in Melbourne and a returi match m Sydney in Tebruary next Th members of the Sydney team, which i a pretty strong one have been prac Using diligently sines their arrival hen about 10 days since and as thoy ari in good form thoy intend giving a gool account of themselves The Victorian toan is also a strong one, and includes many pro mising young players who have already madi their mark, whilo several of the old in tercolonial players are conspicuous by then absence Among these are Gibson, Conway and Wilkie It is generally considered tha the match will bo a close one, bat the oddt are rather in favour of Victoria The game will commence at 11 a m to day, and at adjournment will be made at half past 1 foi luncheon Should the weather prove une there will no doubt be a lar_e attendance o: spectators on the ground The following arc the members of the two teams -New Soutl Wales -J Coates C Bannerman, E Gre. gory, G Gilbert, Nat Thompson, Y Spof. forth, - lancourt - Sheridan, - Tindall \- Morgan,-Powell Umpire Mr Barton Scorer, Mr Crane Victoria.-T J D Kelly (MCC), S Cosstick fVfCC] W Campbell (EM), L Goldsmith (EM), T Horan (E M ), H Boyle (E M ), J Blackham (S M ) B B Cooper (SM) B M Gan (SIT), J Slight (b M ) J Murphy (Richmond) Um pire, Mr J. Thornton Scorer, Mr C Hip well An accident to Sir John O Shanas3v, which might have been attended with very serious consequences, is reported by the Bendigo Evening News -"On Thursday morning as Sir John and his son in law, the Hon N ritzgerald, M L C, were driving into Echuca in a dogcart from the home station at Moira Sir John incautiously leaned over tho side of the vehicle, putting down his hand as if to rest or lean upon the usual hand rail There was no rail on the conveyance however, and he foil with great forco to the ground, the vehicle at the time pro ceeding at a pretty fast rate Sir John suf fered a severe shock, but he soon rallied and it is believed sustained no injuries beyond the breaking of two or three of his ribs He was strong enough to be conveyed to Echuca and to proceed by tram to Sandhurst Mr Macgillivray, of Sandhurst, was telegraphed to meet him at the station, but when the train arrived for some reason ho was not there Sir John, howover, had recovored sufficiently to proceed by the half past 11 o'clock train to Melbourne ' The breaking up of the Gospel hall day and night schools which took place on Christmas Eve, was signalised by an example of liberality on the part of Mr Georgo Coppin M L A., deserving of imitation AU thechil dren without boots were presented with a pair, and others who stood greatly in need of them with trousers frocks, cloaks, and suits of clothes while prizes' of books were given to those who had distinguished themselves by their proficiency in school Added to tins a tea meeting and magic lantern were provided and greatly contributed to the enjoyment of all. Mr Beauchamp, who presided, read the following letter from Mr Coppin, whose unavoidable absence was much regretted - ' Pine Grove Richmond, Dec 21 J W Williamson, Yaq. Dear Sir -I regret that my departure for Sorrento this day will de pnve mo of tho pleasure of attending your meeting this evening I trust that you will have reasons to be salisßed with the exa mutation and that your pupils will continue to deserve the attention of those who doairo that they should enjoy a "Merry Christmas and a "Happy New Year ' Wmliing you a pleasant party, I have the honour to be, dear sir, yours respectfully, GEO Corrí!* Daring the evening the children sang several selec- tions of muBic m a very pleasing manner to the accompaniment of their teacher Mr Williamson After a round of cheers had been right lustily delivered for Mr Coppin Mr Beauchamp, and their teachers the children dispersed after having had a break ing up worth thinking about A very pleasant evening was spent by the children attending the Immigrants' Home school on Wednesday The schoolmaster, Mr Otto Mueller, had prepared and adorned with treasures dear to all children a large Christmas tree, which when lit up by a score of tiny candles placed in ordei upon the branches presented a sight worthy the occasion The visitors prosent wore numerous, including the honorary secretary, Mr Alfred Woolley and Messrs Oliphant and Dickson members of the committee The Rev S L Chase, the incumbent of St Paul s, was also present and added much to the enjoyment of the little ones by the hearty manner in which he assisted in the distribu tion of the toys At the commencement of the evening Mr Woolley presented prizes to those of the senior boys and girls who had dur mg the year attained the greatest proficiency in reading writing and arithmetic, alao to the best behaved of each set In handing to each scholar his or her prize, a few kindly words wore addressed to the recipient by Mr Woolley At the con- clusion of this the lady visitors sot to work at the tree and soon the little folks wero loud m their mirth as toys were placed in their handB When all had been satisfactorily gone through a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the schoolmaster for his efforts in so ably supplying such a treat the tree and its contents being entirely prepared and arranged hy him and a similar vote WRB passed to Mi Woolley and the other visitors for their attendance Tho children wero highly commended on their orderly appearance and conduct all being neatly attired through the kind response made by tho public to the honorary secre tary s appeal At tho ordinary meoting of tho Bruns« ick Borough Council on \A ednosd ly a lottor was read purporting to come from John Thomas a contractor, Grattin stieefc Carlton sotting forth that lio ve as a preat adiiiuer of local government -vc hut that being present at tho previous meeting when tonelera wero opened and accepted for works m Albert street, ho felt treat surprise at tho manuel in which the business was conducted He considered it too bad that a man having a moneyed interest m local contracts should Bit at tho table assist m the b lsineas and then sign cheques for himself Ho went on to state that a recent o\ mnyoi v, is a woll known friend of the sure ey oi s and took a lively interest m tho lato contract of Tarvio and Buikett The council woro at Itrotm chncd to treat the letlei with contomi t as merely a hoax but at tho instigation of Councillor Breeso as o-cinayoi who on Bidored tho clinifcci must refer to lum or Councillors riemint* iiid bttlcy who woic his predecessors in oluce it w as leaolvod that tho town clerk should vnto to the ad Iress tiven asking Mi Thomas to mino the conn cillor referred to 1 bo following telegram ni tho Dt ¡//News from Berlin dated Ivovomber J gives somo indication of the grounds upon which the recent piosecutionsof the Goiruim press havo taken place - The public proaocutor is stated to intend taking pioceetlings ¡igauiBt the North (?« man On cite and tho Gcrm-uiit for piomaturoly publishing the indictment against Kullmann , and also against the Kos? Oa~elte for giving publicity to tho correspond enco exchanged botwocn Herr von Bulow and Count Arnim which appeared ia tile -Ve' Yorl\IIerald The Imperial presa law foi bids the publication of documents rerfo-_i to pendente lite On the 19th mst a silver lever huntm watch, belonging to James Cairns oinployei at Solcborg and Sons clothing factory Hinders lane, was stolen from a window ail in that establishment The thief must eitho ha\e been smitten by conscience or hav. found it impossiblo to dispose of the watol with safety, as it wuson Wednesday mormni found in a letter box m ] nat Melbourni when the letters were being cleared out A man named Thomas Brewerton, alias Charles Dyson, alias Velvet Ned, was charged at the City Police Court on Thursday with being an escaped Western Australian convict, illegally at large. Detective Upton stated that he was a warder, in 1865, at the penal esta- blishment, Chatham, England, and came thence to Western Australia with several prisoners, including Brewerton, who was under a sentence of 14 years transportation. When Upton left Western Australia, two years ago, the prisoner was a ticket-of-leave man there. He was identical with the man described in the West Australian Go- vernment Gazette, of July 14, 1874, as an absconder. Brewerton informed the Bench that he had got his pardon four years ago, and was at liberty to leave. If sent back, he would be a free man. It was stated that he was one of the men who com- mitted a very extensive jewel robbery in England about 1865, at Cornhill, London, but this the prisoner denied. He was re- manded for a week, in order that the Bench might consider whether to send him back or sentence him to three years in irons, under the Influx of Criminals Prevention Act. Mr. Somner, of the firm of Law, Somner, and Co , of this city, who has just returned from the Northern Territory, has brought with him two interesting specimens of in. sect lifo m that region One of them, which is nearly five inches long, appears to belong to the family of Phasmidce, or walking stick insects, and its round and jointed body re sembles a piece of bamboo which has been submitted to the action of uro, while its legs mifcht be mistaken for twigs When its wings-which are very small-are closed, the insect must be --distinguishable from tlio dead wood amidst which it fiada its prey. Accompanying this is a prajing mantis, the body of which is between aoven and eight inches long and ex- ceeds m diameter that of an ordinary drawing pencil It is of a brilliant green, the wings veined and shaped like leaves, and the legs covered with spiny processes like a thorny plant, the short appendages bohmd are leaf like, and the front legs closely re- semble compound umfoliatc leaves In a Btate of rest, and when settled, as all such imitative insects are accustomed to settle, on the plant which assimilates most closely to themselves in form and colour, it would re- quire a wonderfully keen eye to discriminate between the animal and the vegetable Similar insects are found in Now Guinea and the fact is interesting as affording another confirmation of the soundness of Mr. Wallace s theory that that island, as well as Timor, Sunba, and the adjacent islets, originally formed part of this continent, as Borneo Sumatra, and Celebes are believed to havo once belonged to, and to have been violently dislocated from, that of Asia Mr Somner has also brought the ponderous jaws and coat of mail of an alligator, Beveral alligators' eggs, which constitute a bonne bouche for the natives, numerous spears, and the walking costume of a North Australian belle The latter is a model of simplicity and ínexpen siveness It consists of a cord, woven by her own fairy fingers, and worn round her sable neck-"Only that," as Edgar Allan Poe ob- serves, " and nothing more " lhere were 180 births registered in Mel- bourne and suburbs during the week ending 19th mst The death rate is still very high, the number of deaths recorded during the period m question being 118 The prevalence of measles is still noticed in most of the dis- tricts The sculling race against time was rowed on Wednesday afternoon by Mr J. M. Christie, who on tho occasion used his lately imported "wager" boat. Mr Christie com pleted tho distance in about six minutes and a half within the prescribed timo, and thus won the event and a wager on it. The con- ditions were to row from Edwards s wharf to Hawthorn bridge and back ia les3 than one hour and three quarters One of the most attractive sports provided for holiday makers to day is the race meeting on the Williamstown Course. There aro five events on the programme, and as the horses entered are fair performers, some good finishes may be looked for The course is Bituated about a mile and a half from the North WilUamstown station, and as there will be plenty of cabs on the road, thore will be no difficulty ia reaching the course with comfort. At the Prahran Police Court on Thursday, a tall, heavy young man named Edwaid Shields was charged with assaulting a mar. ried couple named Brennan He went to the house while under the influence of liquor, and assaulted the man and his wife. He was sentenced to three months' im. prisonment for assaulting the man and six months' for assaulting the woman, nine months' altogether The Wallaroo Times of the 19th mst re cords a mining accident of an unusual kind - "Yesterday afternoon, at Hughes s shaft Moonta MmeB, occurred a casualty of a character almost unprecedented in those parts In England, as for instand* at the Dartmoor tin mines, thoy aro not uncom mon We refer to explosions of pent up air in cavities of rock, which sometimes find vent and cause not only dotonation but large fragmente and splinters of lock to fly oft just as if such an oxploBion vv ore pro cured by gunpowder or lithofracteur In this ense, singularly enough, the work- men injured woro engaged in drilling a blast bolo into the very place where the explosion unoxpoctodly occurred The material was porphyntic rock in tho 100 fm level Three men, named Richard Tucker, V llham Murray and 1 homos Carthew, were engaged in makin., a hole for a blast at the point mentioned, when suddenly thero was a violent o\ploBton as of gunpowdoi, splinters i->ing in every direction but no smoke Hie results were serious, Tuckor having his arm broken and lacerated up to tho elbow, while his face was sevoroly cut Murray was less severely injured, and Carthew escaped comparatively unhurt Mr, Joel Phillips in formed us that he was near tho mon when the explosion occurred One of the men working at tho opposite Bido of the shaft said he had need to have two pair of hands, ono to prevent the stones ilyiug against his face and the other to hold the drill Phillips saw tho giound clicking through being exposed to tho air There w is no sign of powder or smoko Another ltifoimant named Elder stated that tho candió was not knocked out, but he was tlnown against tho hanging w all As wo have saul, noithei powder nor lithofraotour uns used Upon careful examination it was ascertained that the rock liad nevoi beforo boon tinder bonng operations and conso. quently that an uiioxpondecl blast had not accidentally been hit upon Tlio conclusion therefore is that tlio explosion was caused by the sudden vont of imprisoned air Wo woro -bown sonic poilions of tho stono which had been tlnow n fiom the faco and found that lliey assumed the form of splinters and some of them wero us sharp as a ra/or ' The following is from the Bendigo Adici ti er of 1 riday - There is possibly no placo where the utterly degraded stato of somo por. hon of tho human species can bo bettor studied than tho polico court An instanco occuued j esterday, when a small ohild, about 15 months old, was brought up m custody of a stalwart policeman, charged as being a neglocted child The poor littlo waifs history and surroundings woro sad enough to mako thoso angels who aro Batd to v\atch over the liHle ones of the earth drop tows of blood It was horn at Moira, ia New South Wales Its putative father was a man named Zachariah Green, it's mother- well, let her character be given in Sorgaant i Drought's own words-"The mother of the child," fiaid he to the Bench, " is a drunken, disorderly piostitute Sho has received several sentences for drunkonneas, and for disorderly and indecent conduct Sho has several children, all of whom aro being main tamed in the schools under different names This particular child I havo myself brought oefore'tho bench, in order that it might bo saved frorll a possible violent death in one of the vv omiin 8 drunken paroxysms Suioly a more deplorable picture of a human being could not bo drawn oven by the author of 'Ihc Mysteries of Pan*, The threo excursion steamers the 'Wil- liams, Golden Crown, and Murray, were ex teneively patronised yesterday by those desirous of enjoying tho fresh breezes of the bay The two first named, which left the Sandridge Pier for Queenscliff and Sorrento, shortly after 9 a.m , had each on board oVer 400 passengers The Murray, which went to Schnapper Point, had i smaller freight The 8 s Rob Roy, which went to Geelong, had some 300 passongers The weather was de- lightful, and tho voyage could not fail to have proved enjoyable M. Blondín shared m tho general benefit conferred by fine weather on Christmas Evo and had a largo attendance, about 1,000 per- sons being present The chevalier repeated his performance of the previous evening to the great dehght of the spectators, who in- cluded many from the country as might be gathered from the frequent exclamations of those to whom his remarkable feats wero quite new His Excollonoy the Governor, who was to have been present, sent an apology for non attendance on account of a cold M Blondín will give both a day and a night performance to day The Fakir of Oolu made his first public appearance before a Melbourne audience on Thursday evening at St George's Hall. The hall was very well attended, though owing to the press of business attendant upon Christ mas Eve, there waa not such a crowd in the hall as might have been expected at a first representation On this occasion the Takir appeared in a very handsome Eastern cos- tume The tucks m the first portion of the entertainment were very deftly performed, and »ere roceivd with much aoplause. The remarks of the performer, and the ox travagant puns he made, kept the audi- ence in a constant ebullition of laughter. As usual at tina description of entertain- ment, there wero plenty of persons pre sent who could fully explain how the tricks were done, but the explanations, curiously enough, all differed from one another The Takir gave instructions to those persona who wished to perform some of the foat but it is not likely tho attempt will be made vuth any prospect of success The second portion of the programme con aistcd of the "Entranced Lady,' which was very cleverly performed, and is likely to become a great attraction The different characters were very gracefully assumed, and the audience showed its appreciation by fre- quently applauding Tho means by which this young lady is suspended in the nirwiLl furniBh a fruitful thomo for those clever persons who aro good at guessing riddles There is no doubt that the lady baa no connexion with tho earth ex cept the rod upon which she leans her arm, and it is promised that in a few days e\ en this support shall be taken away The entertainment concluded with the beau ful and fairy like fountain described m tho bills by the name of "Minniehaha" This charming spectaclo waa received with the most enthusiastic applause by the audience The illusion produced by tho coloured lights thrown upon the fountain, and the fantastic forms presented by the great number of jets of water, made many of the spectators atlast doubt if it waB really water they were looking at Tho entertainment by the Takir of Oolu will be found to be one of the most pleasant offered to the public during the festive season There will be an afternoon per formance to day The Princess a Theatre will re open to- night with a new company styled "The Queen's Minstrels ' The entertainment will consist of songs choruses, song and dance business, and negro farces with band accom- paniment. Tho advertisement ¡appears in another column There will bo a promenade concert to night at the Town hall, the proceeds from which are to go to the permanent endowment fund of the founders' cottages of the Dramatic and Musical Association. Mr Empson, conductor of the Peoples Concerts, announces a grand Christmas Con- cert in the Temperance hall, Russell street, on Monday next An excellent programme is announced for the weekly peoples concert, in the Tem- perance hall, Russell street, this evening Mr T Empson ia tho conductor, and Mr R B West, chairman The Apollo hall will bo opened to night with Christy minstrels Punch and Judy, per- forming dogs and a variety troupe We havo received the following additional subscriptions to the nattie Shopparde Me monal Fund - Robertson and Moffatt, £3 18s .James Graham, £15s 9d , Ernest Cartor, £3 is We aro requested to call attention to the announcement that entries for tho sports at the Oddfellows Tita today will bo received up to the hour of starting lhe Rev Canon Tarr of Adelaide, will preach at St Marys Church, Hotham to morrow morning The committeo of the grand Caledonian gathering met at Lmorald hill yesterday for the purpose of inspecting the pieparations ti Inch have been made for tho sports to taUo placo to day They reported that everything was now m readiness and that everything had been dono to make the sports a BUCCOSB 