CHAPTER III. DREAMS AND REALITY.-THE SEARCH UNDER TAKEN.-THE DEPOSITORY FOUND. -THE GHASTLY WITNESS.-THE MIDNIGHT-BELL. THE WILL DISCOVERED-AND A LOST SON FOUND. Whon Edgar quitted tho company so secretly, his feelings had been worked up to an extra ordinary . state of tension, and full of tho de termination to carry out his previous resolve, he hastened on, leaving the brilliantly lighted room, to his own solitary and remote chamber at tho extremity of tho inhabited wing, where as soon as ho had entered, ho carefully closed the door and throwing himself into a chair, resigned himself for a few moments to roneo tion. "Can I," he at length exolaimed, springing to his feet, " have unconsciously become possessed of second sight, and mentally seen what I imagine ? Or have I only dreamt that I saw my curtains move, and that gaunt old man, so accurately described, stand at tho foot of my bod, and beckon mo to follow him ? No mat ter, whether a vision or a dream, a ghost or the force of imagination, a fow minutos longer will decide;" and tak ing up a dark lantern, ho trimmed and lighted its wick. " Yot it is strango that on tho nights of his death and funeral, and again last night, I should have tho same dream-tho samo in all respects but that of the broken sword in the breast, which I was unable to comprehend in the first vision. No ; no force of imagination will account for that ;" and taking up tho lantern, the young man passed under tho carved oak mautolpieco, and stood in tho wide recess, and beneath tho hugo vont that, dark as tho shaft of a mino, towered above him. Proceeding dirootly to ono of tho angles of tho chimnoy, ho insortod a koy, when a small door, most artfully contrived, slid bnok, and perruittod him to pass. Hastily pushing tho panel into"its placo the lock fastened with a spring, and ho folt himself a prisoner for tho most rigid examination could detect neither lock' nor the faintest ovidonco of au oponing for tho koy. A cold chill invaded thc young man's heart as ho felt how completely his rotrcat was cut off. At tho samo timo tho closo air of tho passage in which ho stood bogan to «xorciso an opprossivo inllucnco both on his mimi and breathing, whilo tho thought that ho might porish in somo of tho long disused passages foll with dopressing weight upon his resolution, and made him for a moment almost regret his rash undertaking. It was but for a brief spaco, however, that this inde cision lasted. Summoning up his courage, and remem bering tho motives for which ho hail uudnrtakon tho search, he recovered his self-possession, and turning from tho Beorot door proceeded on his way. Tho passage was so narrow and low, and tho air so heavy and op prossivo, that his lamp hardly afforded him sufficient light to defino tho walls that ho brushed on cither hand. After traversing what appeared to him an interminable gallery, which soonicd to swoop round tho entire man sion, bo at length entered a low vault or crypt, whore, from somo apertures in tho walls, tho air became so frosh and koon that his lamp shot out for tho first time a broad and poworful light, and ho felt tho cold of tho winter night with an intensity still greater from tho olose passages through which ho had been lately des cending. For a momont, uncertain of his whoroahouta, ho looked oagorly round, as if to find somo object by which to guido his courso. "This placo scorns now to mo," Ito said, in a half-audible whispor. " Can I have takon tho wrong turning? No 1" ho added suddonly. " Hore is an ompty cistorn or sarcophagus, which I romcmbor to havo soon each night in my dreams; and closo hy must bo the ascending stairs." After minutely o.vain ining tho walls, ho was at length ruwardod hy finding a bar of iron, that on boine* firmly prossod caused a massive stono to rovnlvu out of tho fane of on« of thu thick pillars I'ronl which thc arches of tlio crypt sjlrang, aud within which was a winding stair. TIUB object, that in his dream snninod so easy of access, Edgar ound extreme diUiculty in enteriii¿', the opening being ? so narrow, and near tho ground. With some trouble, bowovor, ho at length effected an ontrnnco, whon tho ponderous pioco of masonary closed under him with a clash. After a long and difficult ascent ho discovered, as ho paused from tho fatigue of olimbing so high, a sliding door immediately in front of him, through which ho at i onco passed, and entered a short, lofty passage, at tho i oxtromity of which his oyo detected a conspicuous spring, which, after somo exertion, ho wa3 onabled at ! last to master, whon the wholo Bpaoo to tho ceiling, liko a hugo door, revolved with a grating sound on its hinges. Edgar had barely time to pass through, whon tho pondorous load swung back with a sound that filled tho space around with ringing echoes. Tho noiso was so dissonant, and woko so many strange discords, that, bravo as tho young man was, tho clamour sont the blo.nl bounding to his heart ; nor was this trepida tion lessoned when ho was enabled to form a vaguo idea of tho spaco around him ; and looking to tho spot through which he had passed, bohold tho portraits of a cowled monk and a corpso-liko abbess glaring on him as if with reproachful oyes for tho unhallowed intru sion. Tho loose canvas, sot in motion by tho slamming door, heightening tho delusion by giving a living sem blance to tho mouldering paintings. Drawing his hand across his brow, to romovo the clammy drops that had gathered on his forehead, Edgar, muttered in a faint whisper, "This surely is ! tho Gallery ; it was such a vast and indistinct place ; but whero aro the-." And, afraid of tho echo of ' his own voice, he slowly moved his lamp around him, ( and porceivod, as far as his oyo could ponotrato tho gloom, that tho entire sido of tho gallery in which ho i stood was lined with portraits, except whero a lofty I chimney of black marble roso up Uko a tomb. i j Crossing tho floor, thick with dust, and treading on 1 tiptoe, as if ho dreaded tho slightest sound, Edgar stealthily roached tho opposite sido of the gallery, whon, throwing his light on tho nearest object, ho started at first with actual terror, but as his eye became more familiar to tho objects of his alarm, and EDGAR FINDS THE WILL. his mind slowly recognized the appearances of his dream, he gradually and cautiously drew nearer, and surveyed steadily what had at first exoited his dread. A row of doop-set windows, like those in the inhabited wing of tho Hall, only more numerous, ran down tho whole sido of the apartment, whilo between each, and standing, as if in life, with their backs to tho piers, was ranged a series of suits of knightly armour, tho shields at their f oet, tho plumed basinet or arvontilo on their hoads, ann tho long lanco reclining in tho hollow of each fleshless arm. So grim and motionless stood this row of knightly warriors, their armour tar nished and dimmed by time, that tho youthful imagina tion of the amazed spectator might for tho moment well bo appalled by what ho looked upon, and dreaded I to scan too closely ; forms so life-like, that it required ; but little stretch of the fancy at such an hour, and in i such a placo, to pichiró îierco oyes flashing on him through tho burs of their closed beavers. " Aro those tho shadowy forms, I saw revealed in my dreams, liko a lino of ghosts ? if so thoro should bo an object near to indicato tho ono ;" and with the samo whispering uttoranco and creeping motion ho slowly proceeded down tho long gallery, pausing as if by in stinct before tho hist of that lino of mail- clad beavers. " This is certainly thc object to which my phantom «f tho night pointed ; yes, hore is tho prostrate lanco, I now rocogniso each particular ; and thoro at tho omi of tho gxllory is tho gilded panol, through which tho apparition vanished," ho exclaimed aloud, and in an exultant voice, nB with his lamp held above his head, ho half circled tho armed figure At that moment a long, mournful noto, liko a dying groan, issued from tho helmot of tho figuro on which ho was gazing, and sounded so near that his imagina tion, wrought to _ tho highest pitch of oxcitoment, pictured the effigy in motion, tho plume in tho holmet, fluttering as if tho form wore endowed with life. Twice already had his norves been severely tried j but this last shock, coming to his momentary exultation, pros trated all his moral firmness, and dropping his lamp, ho fled in actual terror to the panol ho had just recog nized, when oithcr from accident, or from his touching tho spring, tho door swung back. Tho rush of air that assailed him from the open por tal did moro to restore him than his reason could have affected, and knowing how utterly useless it would bo to return without a light, and ashamed to be foiled by îdlo fours whon perhaps on tho threshold of success, he shook off with a desperate effort his alarm, and re turned, but not without a beating heart, for his lamp. Scarcoly had ho repossessed himself of this treasure, when tho sumo hollow, woful note, but louder and moro prolongod, again sounded from the vizor, while this timo thora could bo no delusion in the fact, tho iron statua shook from hoad to foot. Edgar was naturally bravo and foarlcss, but boforo' this sfcruiigo ovidenco of his eye« ami oars, ho folt his blood grow cold, and stag nato athis hoavt. as ho gazod nsrhoHl: on what bo doomed a nnnctro. Whilo ho stood thus mu to and appal lud thu helmet tottered as if about to fall, and with a rushing* nolso 'an owl issued from between tho gorget and vizor, and darting to tho ncai est window, disappeared through a broken pane ' and !>. lent in the shutter. I F Enraged at being mado tho dupo of so well-known and familiar an objoot, aiid resolved to yield no longor to fears and superstitions, and determined to know what was meant by tho figure of his dream, pointing to this sixteenth effigy, Edgar started forward, and taking up tho lance, that had fallen from the arm, brought down tho steel head with such a crash on tho casque, that the whole fabric fell to pieces on tho floor with jarring discord, while at tho same moment tho turret clock struck, for tho first timo for fifty years, tho solemn stroke of ONE ; tho deep roverboranco of tho boavy note pealing through the gallery like muttored thunder. Tho wholo had passed so rapidly, the clang of the falling armour with tho boom of tho bell, that Edgar had hardly timo to note tho thick cloud of dust that roso, when his oyo was rivoted on a tall skeleton that gleamed through tho mist, and for a momont pro served its forbidding attitude. Tho noxt instant it fell with a rumbling sound, severed into a hundred pieces, strewing tho floor with its ghastly relics. Tho gazo of horror with whioh ho surveyed that mouldering heap was changed to sudden joy, as he be hold a folded parchmant protruding from tho human ruins at his feet. To soizo and glance at its contents was tho work of a momont. and accomplished heforo tho faint sound of tho boll had died on tho oar. "With a ! triumphant shout the half-maddened but dolighted Edgar rushed through the opening, and waving bis lamp in ono band, and tb« will in tho othor, tore down un known passages and socret labyrinths, till accident, more than intention, lcd him in his hoadlong speed against a secret door in his father's apartment, which, yielding to his impetus, rather flung than admitted lum into tho midst of tho assembledguests, as recorded in the last chapter. " Tho will ! the will, father ! I havofound tho will !" he exclaimed in a shout of breathless exultation, as rushing to Mr. Witherington, ho placed tho parchment in his hands, and ovcrcomo by exhaustion and mental excitement, sank in a chair and leant his head upon the table, unconscious that either his sister or tho lovely Ciooly were hanging ovor him with affectionate interest. " It is indeed the long lost will, made in favour of my father and myself-seo, Mr. Herbert, gontlamen, friends, Mr. Villars-look-read for yourselves ; it is the legal instrument that convoys "Witherington Hall and domain to me and mine." "Thank God!" exclaimed Mrs. Witherington, devoutly, as a group of gentlemen immediately gathered round the new owner, and perusod tho several clauses of tho testament. " There can be no question of the absolute legality of this instrument," observed Mr. Herbert. " Andwith tho delivery of the koys, gives entire and unquestioned possession of tho estate." "Oh that Fred wore here," exclaimed Edgar, rising and going to his mother. " If wo only had him with us our happiness would be complete." "Ho is hero, my dear brother," cried tho individual known as Mr. Villars, who, omor¿'ing from tho shadow of tho room to which ho had retired to throw off his disguise, stoppod forth in tho character of a tall, hand some, military- looking man in tho primo of health and lifo, and as opposite in voice, gesturo, and appcaranco from tho nervous sonility of tho assumed Mr. Villars, as it was possible for youth and health to contrast with ago and debility. " Mothar, father, darling Agnes, Emily, Edgar, my arms, but not my hoart, aro too small to tako you all in at onco :" and rushing forward ho caught his mothar and wife in his arms, whilo his father laid his hand on his son's shoulder, and in a silent prayer of thankfulness to God, acknowledged with his tears his gratitudo for tho morcios granted him. Emily, however, moro impatient in hor love, threw ber arms round her brother, and fairly dispos sessed both mothor and wife, in hor eagerness to ox press her love and welcome. "Oh, Fred, how could you keep mo an hour in un necessary suspense ?" murmured his wife, as with palid lips and tearful eyes sho looked into her husband's face " How could your soo you wife and child, and not aoknowledgo thom ?" "How was it that you wero able to docoivo oven your mother's and wife's penetration, and romain so many hours, not only unknown, but unsuspected?" askod Edgar, coming forward, and sharing with his father tho hands of tho long-lost brother. " You all know," roplied Fred, " that as a youth I was rather famed for my power of mimicry, and that I have some talent that way, my assumption of the char acter of Mr. Villars, without being detected in voico or gesture, I think will justify." " But why torturo me, or pain your doar mother by a moment's'noodless suspenso?" interposed his wife, with tearful reproach. " Do not judge mo so unkindly, Agnes, or think that I would willingly causo thoso I lovo a moment's grief. Why I did not write homo on my first reacning Ger many, was, becauso I waited replies concerning you. my Agnes, hoping that if-you had returned to England to join you first, and bring you bord with me." "But after that, you might have'wrttton, Fred,* knowing how wretched wo were on your account," ru I marked Emily, as sho fondly kissed her brothor. "It was tho night of tho' day on whioh I received a lotter, tolling mo Agnes, waa still in India that I en countered Mr. Withorington. Muoh of his dying con fession, his rage and remorse, and abject fear, when he hoard my name, I havo purposely .suppressed, because from what he told mo, and what I subsequently heard wons tho intentions ol' yonder person, who calls himself his son, I liad l-eason to suspect some plot against your peace and comfort." "And you therefore disguised yourself, got Mr. Spencer to aid your plan, and came hore under an assumed name to ba ready to dofend and protect us," cried Emily. " Quito right, my pretty Bister," ho replied, smiling. "What tho plot was, 1 need not now say, especially as the feature of it I most foarod on your account has not been acted." Edgar, who from his friend Tracy had received a hasty account of tho strangers, and what had transpired in his absence, now returned to the chief group, and said : "From what I have hoard, and what wo possess, it appears to mo, father, that this gentleman's businoss hore has terminated, if ho over had lawful business in your house." "Quito right, Edgar," rejoined Fred ; then turning to his father, said respectively. "Allow mo, sir, to concludo this matter. Tho confession of your father," ho added addressing the stranger, "his surrendor of the keys, and tho recovery of tho will, proving that you and yours havo for half a century usurped an estate tho property of my father, will show you that your mission hero is ended-but as we would not be inhoB pitablo in such inclement weather, and at Christmas time, you aro welcome to tarry till the morning-I will givo orders for-" "Order nothing for me, sir," replied the other, haughtily. " Do not suppose I shall allow you to triumph so easily. I shall leave you, 'hut the law shall yet decide thia matter." "Aa a person tolerably conversant with law,' observed Mr. Herbert, " I should aay you havo not a tittle of ground for a, legal claim ; indeed, should Mr. Withorington BUO for the arrears of fifty years, no ordin ary fortune could meet it, and you would run the risk of spending tho rest of your life in a prison. " " From suoh an apprehension lot me at onco relievo you, sir," replied Mr. Witherington. "Blessed in the restoration of my son, and, though late, the establishment of my rights, I can afford to bo gonerous, and this season of Divine love and Christian fellowship shall oblit erate all unkindness and animosity." "Jackson, Crouoher, follow mo," cried tho stranger to his companions. " As for you sir, I neither acknowledge your generosity, nor will I be boholdon to your hospitality." And so say ing, tho spoaker stalked from tho apartment, followed by his two myrmidons, and in a few moments quitted the house. " Now then, my dear father," exclaimed Fred, "lot us have tho wassail bowl, and defer all further explanations till to-morrow ; to-night lot mirth and happiness flow on unchecked, for I shall hold that lady or gentleman my enomy who thinks of bod till daylight. There is one individual moro I wish to see, and then I will try whether the deserts of Mongolia or tho snows of Siberia, have left me sufficient elas ticity to lead my dear Agnes through the mazes of the dance." " Who do you mean Fred?" inquired Emily, but her Bister had darted out of the room, and returned in a few minutes carrying her boy, whom she placed with a mother's prido in her ' husband's arms. With his laughlngandprattling son in his embrace, and his wife for a partner, ho led off the dance, which in reality may be said to have commenced the happiness of tho Christmas night. Emily and Traoy Everton, Cicely and Edgar followed, while all the youth ful members of the party swelled the numbor of dancers ; the parents and elder members beingioongregated at the upper end of the room enjoying the scene. It would be tedious to enumerate how the rest of that memorable Christmas was spent ; the soraps of Fred's adventures and Iescapes, the additions ho now gave to the account of Maurice "Witherington's death, and how tho revelation of Edgar's dreams, and his explorations in the armoury and picture gallery, confirmed and pieced out the old gambler's statement, or the many questions put and answers given, with all the details that made that a truly happy and memorable festival. Before another year had expired, Witherington Hall had boon completely renovated, and entirely now-fur nished, and tho following Christmas anniversary wit nessed open house at the ancient hall, as in olden times. When the great turret clock tolled the heavy noto of ono, the ball of the evening commenced ; and was opened by Emily no longer Witherington but Everton, followed by Edgar and his young wno Cicely -tho Major and his beautiful Agnes content to give place to the new married couples ; and while old Mr. Withorington and his gontle wife, with their friends, lookod on tho happiness of tho youngor members of thoir family, thoy foltin their hoartshow much of tboir real felicity was owincr to Edcrar's discovorv of tho Hidden Will. WM. IÏEAIU) HlIiLYARD. Misa May Howard, shortly after her starting for Now Zoaland, ia tho Hero, missed a bag containing her jewellery. As it was suspected that it had boon stolon on hoard tho boat, tho detectives were sent for on hor arriv.il in Auckland, and evorybody searched for tho £2000 worth of jowols and goms. In tho meantime, tho precious parcel was found in Miss Howard's bed, at tho Oxford Hotel, and tho articles, worth somo£200, deposited with a jeweller for safo keeping, pendii-g the caroless actress's sending for thom. Great excite ment rulod in Auckland, and tho wholosalo searching of people boforo landing drew down indignant com ments in _ tho papers. We hear that Miss Howard's maid received a sentonoo for stealing the two thousand pounds' worth of jewellery that has been valued kere at £170. GHAND CANAT, SCHHMI? IN VIOTOUIA.-On Tuesday last a deputation of members of tho Grand Victorian North-western Canal Irrigation, Traille, and Motive Power Company, waited on tho Minister for Lands, Mr. Casey, and applied, under the'Kith clause of tho Land Act of 1869, for permission to con struct a canal from tho Lower Goulburn Kiver, right across the colony to Portland Bay. This oanal would intersect the wators of the Campaspe, the Loddou, tho Avoca, the Richardson, the Yarriambiac, and "Wimmera Rivers. In connection with tho main line of oanal it is proposod to form branch cannls to distri buto wators for irrigation, trafflo, and motive power purposes, throughout the wholo of tho north-western plums of Victoria, much of which is afc proBOiit in a I dosort stato, and unfit for occupation for want of a rogular supply of water. Tho terminus of tho oanal 1 would bo nt or near tho town of Portland. ThaooiU" puny (which in to ho incorporated by Aot of Fania mont) ask 8,000,000 acres of land, and also a guarantee from tho Government of 0 per cont. Tho Mtni«er look exception to tho mugnitudo of the request) W promised to consult his colleagues. 