ROBERT AINSLEIGH. CHAPTER XIV. (coxtikced.) MVBOKORABLS MASTERS. BT THE AUTHOR OF " Lady Au<lU>/s SemtJ'" Aurora Floyd," tt-c., 6c. We fancied ourselves now at the end of our journeybut we were doomed to lie within sight of Juggernaut for two days and night*, and then made but slow head against the swell and current from the north-oast. The coast of Orixa is so low as to lie indistinguishable from a very short distance, ami our sailors Wen* compelled to feel their way by soundings every half-hour. Meanwhile the situation of the herd below was if possible, a little increased ill wretchedness, for the ship was being {minted in order to make a fair show in harbour; and we poor creatures had the worst of the paint, which did much to render an already stifling atmosphere utterly unlmrable. Nor did we fare any better by venturing on deck, whence we were driven by execrations from the busy seamen, and had thus no alternative from the misery of our hole below. I wondered, as I heard the men whistling gaily at their work, to think how brave a thing the vessel would look riding at anchor, and how little any stranger who gazed upon her would suspect the anguish and cruelty that had been suffered between her docks, On the nest day we anchored in Sagor Roads, and the watch upon us being now somewhat relaxed, I crept up to the gun-deck, uid from an unoccupied porthole enjoyed i clear view of Sagor Island—a flat, swampy diore, with tall trees tliat looked like firs, and beneath them vivid green jungle. Here I kiw animals browsing among the swampy grass, uid was afterwanls informed that these were wild deer, and that the island is furthermore infested by tigers, who will even swim off from the coast to destroy auv imprudent boatman who trusts his bark within their ken— , whence it is that no bribe will induce the natives to approach this savage wilderness. , Wliile I peered from my porthole at this low-lying island, a dark object floated close beside my post of observation, and drifted slowly past with the tide. It was a human corpse, consigned to the sacred river—perhaps sire death had closed tin; scene—by the pious Uaud of its dutiful progeny. " Alas .' poor ghost," I said, " art thou the sole friend who dost welcome me to this barbarous .shore, where superstition lias added her own peculiar horrors to the natural terrors >f death t" While wc lay at anchor a crowd of boats surrounded us, ladeu with fruit and other merchandise, wliile Sircars—men who practise as agents and money-lenders, and who surpass their fellow-practitioners, the Jews, in the arts of their profession—exercised their Fascinations upon the captain and officers of :he ship. Now, for the first time, I had the >pportunity of observing the living Hindoo, and in his delicately-moulded form and finelychiselled features I saw much to induce the i^elief that from this Oriental stock sprang that flower of antique civilization, the Greek. After lying for some hours .at anchor we approached the side of the river opposite Kedgeree, and i beheld a dismal shore, thickly wooded, black, monotonous, the very home of ill noxious and fatal creatures, from the tiger and the cobra down to the scorpion ami the mosquito. Night closed in as I gazed upon this dreary coast, and lightnings flashed incessantly above the fever-haunted woods. The sailors spoke of the place as the grave ol' ill hapless wretches who -were doomed to remain many days in its neighborhood. At Diamond Harbour we anchored again, md here we recruits were drafted iuto a -smaller vessel sent down from Calcutta for our reception; and on board tlds we made our voyage up the Hooghly river, a noble rtream, across which our vessel tacked as in a sea. And now the end of our troublous transit had come, or not quite the end, for we were put ashore some miles from the British settlement to which wc were bound, and had a weary march through rank woods of Oriental foliage, and afterwards by an ill-m£ide sandy road, scarce worthy the name, with ditches of stagnant water on either side. This boing the dry season, we ttumpod through an intolerable cloud of dust, which, together with the heat, well-nigh stifled us; and so onward, with but brief respite, till we came to one of the ill- guarded gates of Calcutta. Heuce we were inarched to the fort, and here we found a very meagre force of mixed soldiery—English, Hindoos, and Topascs, so called from the feet of tlieir wearing hats, a species of native Christians, a mixed race, produced by the intermarriage of natives with the early Portuguese settlers. I had heard and road eo much of Oriental magnificence as seen bv Jesuit travellers at Delhi and other cities of the East, that I had good reason to be disgusted with the English settlement to which Fate had brought me; but it was yet the humble beginning of British rule, and the conqueror who was to set his foot upon the neck of Indian power, and transform a trading Company into a splendid despotism, was but upon the threshold of his marvellous career. I look back to this period, remembering that it was then I first heard the name of Robert Give, and can still but wonder at the obscure commencement of that heroic romance of which this young man was destined to be the protagonist. When I landed on the shores of the Hooghlv in February, 1751, it was but >ix veans since ('live had arrived at Madras, with no higher hope than belongs to the po-itiou of a clerk or writer in the Company's civil service. He came, poor, friemlless, and lonely, to the shore of that land which he was fated to hold by a grander power than India had felt since the sceptre of the Moguls slipped from the loosening gra*p of Aunrngzebe. I, who have drained the bitter cup which stepmother Fortune' offers to the lips of friendless youth, can but think with a peculiar sympathy of this unfriended lad, who was sent to India cliieflv because his father knew not what to do with him in England, and whose lofty spirit sickened at the common round of daily drudgery, while liis warm heart languished in the loneliness of a land so -tmnge. Nothing could well be more insignificant ;'i:it Robert dive's start in life. He whose name was to be in less than ten years the wonder of the civilized world, and the chief glory of Great Britain, liad not a single friend, nay, scarce an acquaintance, in Madras, and wa - of a temper too wayward and reserved to seek introductions by the common arts of society. Studious as lie was proud he esteemed i the admission to the Governor's excellent library the highest privilege he enjoyed. I have been t dd how that constitutional melancholy, which was so near akin to madness, displayed itself even at this early age, and how one day on a companian coming into the uug man's room in Writer's Buildings, ( 'live, bagged him to take up a pistol and firo it out of the window. The wan complied. Then by Heaven, I am reserved for something," cried Give; " for I have twice snapped that pistol at my head." Alas 1 'twas but a premature rehearsal of a future tragedy \ The fovt at Calcutta was ill-defended, and wor.-e garrisoned. The wide ditch, begun in 1742 by the Indian inhabitants of the colony, at their own expense, and under a panic-like terror of a Mahratta invasion, had never been finished. It was designed to encircle the Company's bounds, and would have been, when perfect, seven miles in extent; but when three miles hod been completed, after a labor of six months, the Beugalese, with true Indian supineness, desisted from the work ; nor did the Company care for its completion, seeing that no Mahrattas had ever been on the western side of the river within sixty miles of Calcutta, and that Allaveixlv, the Soubahdar of Bengal and Orixa, exerted himself vigorously to prevent their incursions into the Island of Cossimbuzar. When I first entered Fort William, I was completely ignorant of the present condition of the country in which I found mysell. Hakluyt's voyages and Bernier's pleasant book had made me tolerably familiar with the splendid court and city of the Mahometan conquerors of Ilindostan, but of Indian history since the death of Aumug/ebf; and the decline of the Mogul power I knew scarcely anything; and I cannot but wonder at the small degree of interest which Englishmen at home felt in the adventures of then* countrymen in this strange land. When Philip Hay and I, with the rest of the recruits, readied our destination, we found the meagre garrison of Calcutta commanded by five captains, with corresponding subordinate bflicers, who agreed in nothing so heartily as their contempt for the station to which they were appointed, and then 1 neglect of all duties connected with it. To drink, to sleep, to gamble, to intrigue with loose-lived native women, and,to absent themselves from their quarters on every possible occasion, in order to indulge their fancy for the field-sports of the adjoining country, formed the rule of their lives. They had indeed sorry inducement for fidelity to their posts. Nothing could be more dismal tliau life in the fort, aud in the town of Calcutta, where the few European houses scattered among the rader native habitations were in the occupation of British traders and merchants, who thought of nothing but the rapid increase of thou-wealth, or were absorbed in the discussion of their petty disputes with the Company's committee at home, Aud thus did Sergeant O'Blagg's florid promises of Oriental glory and plunder result in the guardianship of a factory, or storehouse for cotton-stuffs j and I found myself at twenty years of age the companion of a mixed assern- blage, -and subject'to the tyranny of the Irish sergeant, who proved himself a truculent Bcound^, before ^hqui and native soldiers—spaliis, or' sepoys,* as they were called by us—quailed and trembled. I have "but little need to linger over this portion of my Indian experiences. My life for the space of one .year was a blankjthe monotony of which was broken only by some petty variety in the details of my storing. I, whose youth had known only the refined labors of a scholar, found tnyself working in a ditch with a mixed gang of British recruits and tawny Hindoos, at some necessary repair of our feeble fortifications, exposed to the glare of a meridian sun in a copper-colored sky, aud threatened with the lash at every symptom of flagging industry. Uur military education meanwhile was of a most primitive order. We shared the drill of the sepoys, who wore their native costume of turban, shirt, and loose cotton trousers, and wielded then- native arms of sword and target The number of our officers was in ridiculous proportion to the pitiful handful of troops, not two hundred in all, aud' but sixty of these Englishmen, the greater number of my fellowvoyagers having been drafted off to Madras. They were too lazy to give us much instruction, too indifferent or unexpectant of danger to be interested in their duty; nor did the seizure and French occupation of Madras, with its loss of millions to the English Company, arouse the garrison of Calcutta to any extraordinary exertion. It appears to me, indeed, that it has ever been a quality of the British mind to await the imminent approach of a peril before taking measures to prevent it; and it was only in the fatal summer of '56 that the five captains of our garrison discovered how ill we were defended. CHAPTER XT. PROVIDENCESEXOS ME AFHIFXD. During my first dismal year at Calcutta the native magistracy of that presidency was chiefly in the hands of a black Zemindar, or magistrate, one Govindram Metre, who acted as subordinate of the English Zemindar, and deputy during the intervals that frequently occurred between the lapse of one appointment and the commencement of another. It is not to be supposed that a government which depended upon the instructions of a committee at fifteen thousand miles' distance, and was subject to the caprices and often ignorant errors of private individuals, actuated sometimes by private interests, and frequently by private dislikes, could be exempt from abuses; and this frequent change of Zemindars, who rarely held the appointment long enough to learn the least of its arduous and numerous duties, was one of the worst among them. Before Govindram Metre all native causes, civil and criminal, were at this particular period adjudged in a tribunal entitled the Court of Cutcherry. In common with most Hindoos, his ruling passion was avarice, and he was only to be propitiated by gifts, while his power extended to the dispensation of the lash, fine, and imprisonment. The luckless wretch who had not so much as a handful of pice to offer as tribute could expect but scanty grace from this functionary; and before the first year of my residence was ended I had seen many among my coloured comrades writhing under the lashes administered by Govindram's subordinates. I had seen a good deal of the Black -Zemindar, and had heard many (scandals concerning the supposed sources of his reputed wealth, when it was my own ill- fortune to become subject to his tyranny. The Hindoo year, which commences in April, was not quite tlirce mouths old, aud the summer solstice was still at ite height, when I began to suli'er from a low fever resembling that which had chained mo to my mattress in the Fleet-lane crimpiug-house. The damp enervating heat of the Bengal climate was in itself enough to causa sickness amongst Europeans, who were compelled to labour without regard to the conditions which only render residence in this country tolerable to the foreigner. Joined to this, I suffered from inadequate food, miserable lodging, a fitful indulgence in spirituous liquors, that were only agreeable to me because they enabled me for the, moment, to forget mv wretchedness, and a constant depression of miud, unrelieved even by hope: for the letter of appeal which I had contrived to despatch to Lady Barbara soon after my arrival was yet unnoticed. It'is not to bo wondered, then, that my hfealth languished and my strength declined. The repairs of the fort'ifications, trifling as they were, weve not vot complete; for an absolute want of system prevaded at this station, 'whereby no necessary work was ever finished; and, 111 as I was I was made to perforin my share of the arduous labour—-nowemployed mdiggingthefoundation 8 of a wall, now m wheeling harrows of rubbish for:the construction of an earthwork. r I was liko to liavo dropped one day under this work, when Sergeant O'Blagg, who was superintending our labours, attacked mo with a sudden fury tliat for tlio moment well-nigh took away my breath. " Look at that rascal, now," ho cried to a young ensign who was lolling beside hiin on j the curtain above us. " Did your honor ever see such a kxy vagabone I Oi've had my oi upon liim for the last tree days, and divil a bit harthor has he worked tlian ye see* him now.—Don't dhrag the barrow along like that ye scoundrel, but put your showlther to it with a will, or oi'l know the raison whoy, ye idle owathawn 1" For the moment I was too weak to answer him. " Don't you see that tho lad's ill f roared out a voice from the distauce (Philip Ilay's), while the tawny wretches digging near me looked on and grinned. "Illl yes," cried tho sergeant; " he shams ill to skulk liis work, the idle beggar, but I'll have nono of his malingering !" and, leaping down from the curtain, he ran forward as if about to hit me. But I had just mustered strength to wheel my barrow of rubble to the summit of tho mound, and the position of advantage was now mine. "You unconscionable skulk !" roared O'Blagg, shaking his clenched fist at me; " this comes of enlistin a sham gentleman, I might have known you'd make no sojer, and never urruu the cost of your passage; and if it hadn't been to obleege a gentleman who wanted to be rid of his stepmother's bastard cousin, I " He had no opportunity of finishing the sentence, for anger lent me a spurious kind of strength, and I hoisted my barrow of sand and rubbish aloft, and emptied its contents upon the head of my assailant in a suffocating shower. A dozen fellows seized and dragged me up to the little terrace on the top of tho curtain, where tho ensign lolled with folded arms, grinning at his subordinate's discomfiture. My outrage upon my superior was sufficiently obvious. The ensign, who was about my own age, and obviously amused by O'Blagg's stifled execrations and frantic efforts to got rid of the earth and sand that covered his head and shoulders, felt it, nevertheless, his duty to punish mo. " Upon my word tliis is too bad," he said very mildly; "though tliat fallow O'Blagg deserves to get into trouble with his long Irish tongue. But insubordination of this kiud won't do, you see, my lad; and as the captain's out of the way—in point of fact, so uncommonly cut last night that he can't show to-day, and tho senior-lieutenant has gone up the country pig-shooting—I think you'd better take him to the Black Hole." " In irons; ye'll put him in irons, your honor!" remonstrated0'lJlagg, in a suffocated voice. "Oh, very well, put him in irons if you like," cried the ensign, with a merciful wink to the men, which plainly meant no irons. On this I was conveyed to the Black Hole, tliat too famous prison, which I was doomed once again to occupy under circumstauccs that were to make that occupation distinguished among the darkest records of man's cruelty to the end of time. The dungeon itself was m no manner alarming of aspect. It was the common prison of the fort, in which European or • native delinquents were indiscriminately cast For any military misdemeanour. I. found myself in a square chamber of some twenty feet by eighteen, with two small windows looking westward, a direction from which no breath of air is to be expected during this summer season. To say that the dungeon was somewhat close and airless in occupation of one person is perhaps to be fastidious ; but I would gladly liave preferred a more airy apartment for my night's repose; aud I lay down in a corner of my cell with a supreme distaste for my strange quarters; though Heaven knows tho great barrack chamber •where I ordinarily spent my nights with the rest of the private soldiers on a wooden platform, was no Sybarite's restingplace. Gread God! could I but liave conceived the horrid sufferings tliat wove by-and-by to be endured in that very dungeon, what nightmare- visions must liave broken my fitful slumbers, what hideous cries and groans must liave sounded upon my sleeping senses, 2>rophetic of agonies to come J But this one exquisite iuiguish of foreknowledge being spared to mankind, my feverish slumbers were undisturbed by painful dreams. I was awakened soon after daybreak by a jemmautdnar, or coloured sergeant, who came, attended by a couplo of peons, to carry ihe before the Black £emmdar. To this I immediately objected, as I had been given to understand tliat the Court of Cutcherry liad no authority over Europeans, aud was ft supreme tribunal only for tho subjects of the Mogul. The jemmautdaar answered with the usual slavish stolidity of these people. He know nothing except tliat ho had been ordered to convey me before the Black Zemindar. In vain I remonstrated aud asked to see the captain, or 0110 of the junior officers of my company. Tho jemmautdaar was bent on executing his orders, which I afterwards discovered ho had received from no one but my enemy, Seigeaut-major O'Blagg, who enjoyed an extraordinary power in consequence of the prevailing supinencss among his superiors. I was taken to the Cutcherry, aud there found myself accused of a murderous outrage upon my superior, with intent to do serious bodily Jiarm; in proof of which, Sergeant O'Blagg showed the somewhat inflamed condition of one eye, which had suffered from the shower of rubbish I had discharged upon my enemy's head. I had seen something of English courts during my brief residence in London, curiosity haying led 1110 to Westminster and the Old Bailey on inorethan one occasion; but although 1 had there beheld enough to shock my sense of the saeredness of justice, I was completely unprepared for the flagrant iniquity of a tribunal presided over by an almost irresponsible despot. Enough that I, a subject of His Britannic Majesty King George, was condemned to receive a hundred Lashes at the hands of a Goutoo, whose national skill in the administration of this punishment-I bad heard and seen too much of. The Mahometan abhors our British mode of capital punishment by tho gallows, and hanging is therefore forbidden by the Mogul ; but, on the other hand, the-ruler of Delhi has no objection against liissubjects beingwhipped to death,and the gentoo flagellant will lash his victim with a diabolical dexterity, the exhibition of which would have afforded a new sensation to Nero or Caligula. The sentence was pronounced, and half-adozen black fellows advanced to lay their skinny paws upon my shoulders, in order to convey uie to the compound, or open yard, behind the court, where summary justice" was to be executed ; but as they were in the very act of doing this the sound of a cannon booming across the Ganges arrested them as if spellbound, while a sudden unnatural stillness fell upon the court. A Hindoo coolev entered in the next moment, and prostrating himself slavishly before the Zemindar, informed him that a British vessel had arrived off Govindpore, and that Mr. Holwell had just landed, having come on to Fort William in a boat. I had heard of this .Mr. -Holwell as a civil servant of some importance in the presidency. He had returned ifco England between two and three years before, there to end his days, as it was supposed, and nothing could have been more unexpected than his reappearance in Bengal. My eyes liappened to wander "toward., Govindram Metre at this moment, and never did I see terror more vividly painted upon the human countenance. That dusky change which is more ghastly than pallor spread itself over his copper-colored visage ; but the man was past-master of all dissimulative arts, aud when Mr, Holwell himself, three minute* afterwards, came into the court-house, Govindram Metre received him with florid Oriental compliments and servile smiles. The Englishman accepted these greetings with exemplary coldness. " What are you doing here, Govindram ?" he asked, looking at me ; " ami how comes a dispute between British soldiers to be submitted to the Cutcherry?" " If it will please the most distinguished and favored among the deputies of our honorable masters to hoar the matter, he will perceive tliat it is a case of extraordinary character, which eallcd for " "Not fdr your interference, Govindram," interrupted Mr. Holwell. " This young man is a military servant of the Company, and can only be punished in accordance with military law.—You ought to have known better, sergeant, than to bring your complaints here." Mr. O'Blagg, whose importance shrivelled into nothing, before this new arrival muttered some excuse. "Wore they going to flog tliis young soldier?" asked Mr. HolwelL The Gentoos assented; aud Govindram Metre began a rambling justification of his proceedings. "Upon my life, it is shameful!" cried Mr. Holwell indignantly. " But it is of a piece with the rest. The president is absent at his country-house, and tho five captains of the garrison arc asleep under shelter of their mosquito-curtains, or away at their sports up the country, and this poor sick lad is brought luther in order that public justice may be prostituted to private malice. Why, the young man looks fitter for a sick-bed than the lash." And then, turning to me, ho said, " You are free of tliis tribunal, but will have to answer to your captain for your offence against tho Sergeant-major. Have you been Air I have been ill of a low fever for the last throe weeks," 1 answered; "but they have made me work all the same, since I have just enough strength to crawl about under threat of the lash." " You shall be put upon the sickdist. How long have you been in Bengal ?" " A year, sir, I was kidnapned by the sergeant-major yonder." " Kidnapped! Pshaw! There is no sucli thing as kidnapping allowed in the Honorable ivust India Company's scrvice. You mean that you enlisted, and were sorry for it afterwards, and were held to your bond, as all recruits are. " I mean that I was betrayed into a house in rleet- lane, sir, and there detained close prisoner, m company with others, till we were shipped secretly, under cover of night, on board the Hrc <tr. I mean tliat I could not have escaped from that crimpiug-housc but at peril of my life, and that men have lost their lives m the attempt to escape from such houses." " Humph !" muttered my new friend ; "you speak as if you were telling truth. 1 know nothing of abuses in England. Abuses here are so many that the study and investigation of them would occupy a life a* long as that of Xizam- al-MulIc, lately deceased at the venerable age of one hundred and four." This was said with a somewhat ominous glance at Govindram Metre, who gazed upon the newly-arrived Englishman with upturned eyes, expressive of such veneration as he might be supposed to entertain only for the gads" of his fathers. " What is your name, young man I" asked Mr. Holwell. " liob -rt Ainsleigh." " Ainsle.igh ! That is a good name, aud one I am bound to honor. From what branch of the Ainsleigh family do you come ?" " My f ither was 'Roderick Ainsleigh. My grandfather was a colonel of dragoons, who marriel Lord Hauteville's daughter, Lady .Susan Soiuerton. 1 was brought up at Hautcville, in the county of Berks; enteral at the Temple as a student, and intended for the law when it was my ill-fortune to fall in with that kidnapping scoundrel yonder." "Not so fast, Mr. Ainsleigh. You must not call names, though you do come of a good English family, and a family that I have reason to respect. If what you tell me be true, I a in in duty bound to befriend you: for your grandfather, Colonel Ainsleigh, served with my father hi the low countries, and at the bloody battle of Malplaquet, carried him, then a Lid, from under the enemy's batteries. So you see, sir, I have to thank vour ancestor for my entrance into this world, since, had the French cannon made an end of Ensign Holwell on tliat famous occasion, there could be no such person as your humble servant.— What say you to this gentleman's story, Sergeant-major f Did he go by the name of Ainsleigh when you picked him up in London I" " Sure he did, your honor ; but divil a bit of an Ainsleigh is he for all that, but the baseborn sou of Roderick Ainsleigh, a profligate scamp that got himself stabbed to death in a tavern quarrel; and my Lady Barbara be strange, wife of bis Majesty's plenipotentiary to Spain, adopted the young scoundrel and brought him up in charity, and he turned upon her like an ungrateful varmint as he is. and wanted to elope with Sir Marcus Lestrange's niece—a great fortune, and a beauty into the bargain: but luckily for his family that be was nothing but a disgrace, to, lie enlisted himself to me in a drunken fit, whereby the Lestranges got rid of him." " If you will let me toll you my story, sir, t think you will believe me," I said, addressing myself to Mr. Holwell. " 1 think I shall, Mr. Robert Ainsleigh," he answered kindly. " Your face is hardly the countenance of a liar; and if the blood of my father's friend does but How in your veins, I care little in what illegal maiuier you came by it." " On my honor, sir, that fellow has no warrant for his foul assertion, except the one fact that the obscurity of my father's death aud Liter days left me without the means of proving my legitimacy." After this, Mr. Holwell ordered me to be placed on the sick list, and I was taken to a somewliat dilapidated building on the outskirts of the fort, that served as an infirmary. " I will make it all right with your captain," he said ; " and you, Mr. Sergeant-major, must look over the lad's delinquency on this occasion, to oblige me," Mr. O'Blugg replied with extreme obsequiousness, and 1 began at once to discover what it is to have a friend at court. The doctor pronounced me suffering from a low intermittent fever, aud sorely in need of rest; so I lay at the infirmary for several weeks, duriug which Mr. Jlohvell frequently visited me. He questioned me very closely upon the subject of my education, and appeared mucli surprised to find me possessed of several languages, amongst those Sanscrit— which I owed to the scholarship of my old friend Anthony—aud a tolerable proficient in Hmdostauee tho acquirement of which, viva voce from the native soldiery, and from such meagre books as I could obtain, had been my sole recreation during the last dreary year. " Why, yon are just such a fellow I want for a clcrk and secretary," he sai-l; « the young writers they send out are for the most part raw ignorant lads, who are despatched here only because their friends know not what to do with them at home. You have but to improve yourself in Hindoostanoe, and to thoroughly master the native character in which their business documents are written, and you would be invaluable to me. Would you like to exchange the military for the, civil service, if I could effcct such a transfer!" " To exchange the ignoble slavery I have endured here for your service would be to pass at once from the depths of Ondcrah to the Mahah Surgo; or, in plain English, to exchange hell for heaven." " I see you have been studying the Shostah," said Mr. Holwell, who had already revealed to me that taste for Oriental research which was afterwards usefully displayed in his numerous pamphlets. "You cannot, do better than pursue such studies, for the Gentoos will respect you so much the more for being acquainted with the Sanscrit Language, the knowledge of which is confined to their Brahmins and learned Pundits. And you would really like to be my secretary, Hubert 1" " Nothing would please me better." " I warn you that the work will be of the hardest, and tax your powers of accountancy. I am now engaged in the investigation of a series of frauds committed by that scoundrel, Govindram Metre, wliieh involve the conduct of our finances for the last ten years, and by which that black rascal has pocketed thousands. Do you feel yourself capable, of performing the mere mechanical drudgery of such a work ?" " I feel myself capable of making any endeavor to serve you, sir. I was well drilled iuto accountancy bv my lady's house-steward, who had an old-fasliioned veneration for figures ; aud with a little direction from yourself, I doubt not I should soon master the mysteries of finance." Mr. Holwell was contented with this assurance, aud set to work immediately to redeem me from my hateful bondage. He was a person of considerable influence in the presidency; and amongst a supine and indifferent community his industrious and eneigetic habits multiplied that influence tenfold. So, by the time I was sufficiently recovered to leave the infirmary I found myself a free man, and went immediately to Mr. IMwell's house, where I was provided with suitable clothes, a decent cliamber, and began life for the second time in the character of a gentleman. It is not to bo supposed I was so base as to foiget my companion in misery, Plulip- Hay, in tliis happy alteration of my own fate. I tried to enlist Mr. Holwell's sympathy for tliat reckless scoundrel, and carefully suppressed his share in my betrayal. My new friend promised to do his best to serve my late brother in arms ; but he remarked tliat Mr. Hay bore his lot with supreme equanimity, and was a fellow who would doubtless fall on his feet, tumble from wliat pinnacle he might. " We may have some fighting by-and-bv," said he; " for at the first hint of a war between two couutries Dupleix will bo down upon us here. It is not to be supposed tliat the French will let us alone for over after their good luck at Madras. In the event of an attack upon this place, your friend will have an opportunity of distinguishing himself; and be sure the fight will be a desperate one, for while I have a voice to raise in council, the motto of Fort William shall be no surrender." I lived to see this promise kept, aud against a more cruel foe than the Frencli. I lived to wituess the base abandonment of Fort William by its chief military protectors, and its heroic defence by a civilian. (To be continued.) 