THE STORY-TELLER. A GOOD MATCH. The future Mrs. Sandering lived in rooms up a good many stairs in one of the streets which surround Russell Square; and thither I used sometimes to accompany- my friend; when our pretty little hostess regaled us with cups of tea, and sang songs to us at a tinkling little piano which tried strenuously to be gay and festive and make good music, but whose age and decrepitude would sometimes assort themselves by the sudden cessation of a note or so, which grew tired and re fused to speak any more- very i'ulike | the mislr-'ss, who was nevor tired ofi talking a great deal in these happyi times. Heie, too, we examined her.l .drawings-she was a vblry clever little person, and sketched admirably-and looked -over the preciius volume in which were pasted the few newspaper cuttings criticising her performances; mnostly from country chronicles, though. -there were nearly two lines from a London morning papor which had afforded her so vast an amount of pleasure, that if the writer bad but known the gratification lhs pen was destined to give, I bhlieve he would have defied Lis editor and put in half a column. On one of these afternoons, about a week after our arrival in town, we wore lookingover a port ifolio ofketches and Sandering'was amininlg'himself by chaffing the drawings to tease Nolly. ' The only suggestion I have to offer,' he said, )puntiifr a sketch on the mantlepiece and looking at it with the burlys.quod air of a connoisseur, ' is that a bodly should put tittles and explanatory notes to her drawings; betanse a body is so apt to be mia Anderst. od.' ' I wish you wouldn't keep on teas ing me about saying " a body," just because I used the expression once,' she said, spoiling a laugh with a pre tended pi ut. ! You should be very careful what expression you make use of, for you want all you muster to put into those works of art, dear. Now, heoe's a strange picture : very charming, very inteies:i g, but just a trifle vague,' he said, selecting another from the case. ' A gentleman, seated in a-. box carried by two elliptic wheels, and drawn by ue--by an anomalous .quad ruped, which my slender knowledge of natural history will not permit me safely to-'A horse, is it ? really a hoise? Well, we'll call it a horse, at any rate, if only for the sake of, or rather the avoidanpe of, argu met-drawn by a horse. The gentle. man is engaged in emulating the ex ample of Simple Simon in the ballad, and fishing as he goes along the turn pike road-diiving1 do you seriously mean it? Very well, dear, you drew it, and so you ought to know; but why a mau should go out driving with a fishing rod in in his hand, I a whip ? Oh, no; come now, Nelly, dear, that is going a little too far; really it is only as a personal favour to you that I can cousent for a mo ment to accept that as a whip. Men don't hold their whips jutting over their horse's backs like bowspirits, and it quite bo:rs out. my premises that. explanatory notes should be ap pended to these works of art. Nelly showed a disposition to at tempt the recovery of her much abused work ; but ýandering- was on the alert. and e-umnod ; * He is driving (if you really do insist upon it) up a hill towards a church of ingeniously-amsorted archi tecture, about which I will only say that if the ini:cumbon is not more up right as a man than tihe steeple is as a building, the hoads and morals of the congregation are in some danger You are sure that is a horse?' ' What a shame!' Nelly said, laugh ingly. ' I'm suro it's all quite plain enough.' ' Quite plain enough, in all con . science-you might almost go so fir ps'to call it ugly,' iSailering replied. 'You may thik so, if you like, sir. I'm sure the clhuricli is upright, and my uncle was incumbent-at least curate there,' Nelly said, looking at the drawing. 'Why, I never know that you had an uncle, dear. What's his name, and where does he live ?' he asked. ' He lives abroad, and I don't write to him much- he wouldn't like my being in the profession. He's very kind, though, and used to want me to go and live with him, only I didn't. Hedley, is name is.' ' What Hedley-- not Robert, I sup pose ?' Sandcmrinii aYsked. ' Yes, it is Robrt. How did you guess?' inqirr: d Ncily. ' You don't mean tc, say that this is Chesterton Church ?' Sundering said in. a tone of exstr:mo surprise. ' 'Yes, it is,' Nelly answored, evi dently bewildered at his knowledge. 'But surely, Nelly, 3Robert Hedley, who was curnat of ClGhestdrton in 18-, was not your uncle ?' ' Not only was?, but is. Why are you so excited about it dear ?' she asked. 'Don't you know that-have, you not heard of his death, Ncliy ?' he in quired. 'No,. indood I haven't,' Nelly re plied. : ' Poor little girl ? I ought not to hiave montioned its so suddenly. He died on the 17th Nocvutmber 18-.' Nelly laughed. 'lThen all I can pay is, that he has sinco been repre sented by a wonderfully hoalthy look ing ghost. I have not seeoon him lately, but two or tlihre times since then; and-I shall mst likely have a letter fromn hi.u-nr the ghost-to morrow morning. I wrote the other day, the first letter for a long time, to tell ]limu about-about us,' she said. 'Mly 3dear child, if you are not joking, there must be a very great 'mistake somewhere. Do you know that if Robert -Hedley were alive m10 would inhorit Staverton Towers ? *ut lie m;ut be dead. I have every proof'of it. You know,' he said, turn ig to me, ' it was chiefly to ascertain i. tiis tihat I went to Paris.- He must be "i'gl y persisted, however. !de had . yil ?il .lParis, years aUio, she said, but • no' w iiQ' i.iLter to a li.t!o Protestant community in the south of France; and such, on investigation, turnol out to be the case. A Robert Hledlay, a .clergymin, corresponding apparentiy in other particulars, had died in Paris; but we had the best reasons for assur ing ourselves that it was not he. An extract from one of his letters to his niece will finish my story : S--- let Mr. Saridering,. then, resume his occupation of the Towers without scruple; convinced that I I should but be unhappy in leaving my work here, and adopting a new life, at my advanced age. You are my only relative, and if I have power to dispose of the property at my death, it will be yours: if not, iP appears that 3our husband would inherit it.' Sandering talked nonseiise at first about having asked Nelly to marry him under false pretences, apd it being his duty to free her from the engage ment; but she appears much to pre fer her bondage, and impudently as serts that if he did go.away. ho would only want to comie back egaiu as he had done before. There is some question of entail the lawyers have not yet decided, and indeed I believe they have not been requested to do so; but under any circumstances, there seueis every pro bability that it will turn put to be a Good Match.:' 