] /, 5 ! ^^bip^^.^p^NIHfSiyyS//,; fi J AST^venina-theannnai-ifeting of. the. WeBleyanPoroiïu Mirsititií Héolety Whs Hold m'theYoA-ifiêai'ohirch. T h. attendance V.SB rathcrjimircd. Mr. W. Wilkins <eoerotah ' (« thé Cduneil of Education) bfei- ifletl.'n.nillhpre.woruupin: tbcYlatforriJ tbo HOVB. Ö. WWno«"h]ilH,A^ J. E. Moul- ien, J., 8f Austen, thoICevVB.' Chapuitti, and .everai native touchers. ' ' l The proceedings having boen opcnocl with, singing arid prayer, ' . " ? .- i r >]. , .1 i The CitAuiMAN briefly addressed tho meeting,, »lating .ithat the proceed inga «r«»jd bo of a twofold character,: .binn there .would bo tho bueincBs which would bp,,submitted in tbe annual report,to be read by .the secretary, and whb h would detciibo to some extent the results lichioved in the __ibtion'_elda. Then the motives which should actuate tbcmall .in supporting/these missions would-be dealt with by the ministers who would nddrosB thom by-and-bye, who ' would »how tbém what wa« th. duty" of every man profeás isg to ho a Christian' as rogarded missionary enterprise Au address would 'also1-he delivered to them ia aforuigu tongue,' which v. ou'tl be translated to them, and thus spoult 'doublytothoiYhortrte.' Hecallei npon ,Y'i"> 1 _iJr. H. GOKMAN, the hon. secretary, who read the fol- lowing report:- . i BAllONK HKHOniÀI. M1ESIOM HOVB». ' '' , . At a meeting ot the Kxeoutlve Committee heldjoon after the aealhof ibc late General becretary lor Missions, the following ntblutlorl waa paseed':-" That "tod'ríreaeut «ffdids »«.ttiblc occasion to erekt some" permanent memorial »It 'the worth of the Genual Ijccretary, and-thal (his committee co initiate a jnoVe o.ti.l'to «teure a residence for'the Miieionary' Secretary «nell as the rtqnlrcihent» of ht« omet demand-the boan to be «tylcd ?'I be Jtabone Memorial M_sion House.'" Onr peoplo .in the ColotUl'and Miaaiorr' Districts were appealed-to for con \- trlbntlona fn aid of-'this- object."' £1006 16« 'have boen nccived.'tnd JSOOJ. have beaa-promUed, bnt.notyetpiid. The committee hate .not yet been snoccasful In obtaining a euitlble silt ior the cor.tcmpUtcd memorial, but when, an eligible pice* ol ground can be lecured, and tho «Ute of tbe'labour market ipeimit«, they will not hesitate to carry out the nndcrtaking to \- wblob tfcer are plodgtd. ? .. - | ? AaecCDd ineuunent sf filOÇO ot the legacy , of Mr. \V.j I.. Jordan, ot Tumrmi«, Has been received iluricg the year'from Mr. William Hart, executor. " ' ' " ' ! ' The following TniaeiOnartee have 'been sent out si_te th« las*. «mnivcr,ary ;-The Kev.'William.Fletcher, B.ti, to Boturdah, for a'tccond term ol, »ervice in that mission ; Rev. James Mathieson, to Samoa ; Boy, Charle», Bandora, to the Friendly ' Monde. During tho year the society haBv lost by death one of its old and valued missionaries the Rev. Peter Turner who lrboured faithfully for twenty years in the Friendly Islands and samoa, and was privileged to turn many to righteousness, ' CHINXiK MISSION IX VIC-IOBIA. Though not yet able,to auatain missionaries in China, lh|s society is not unjnihdful of the best interests of the Chinese immigrants in this country.' Many of these will some time go back to their own land. We trust that nbta few of thom ¡will" íeturn enriched with the pearl of great priée, and will prove auo ceetiuI.CTanucltsls tp their, conmrymen. There is tho largest Chinese population in Victoria, and to tbat colony our operation» arc at present confined. The itcv. Leong On Tong, at Castle- maine, .continue! ,hia usual labours among hin countrymen, rebuking their vices andpreaehing Christ. , Ono«. In toon month he goea to bandbnrat te conduct divino scrvioe, and to visit ; tho 'native Converts and other«. Doting the year three Chineao hare been baptiyed at Caatlemaine, and one at danifhurat, by the Rev. i boma« Williams, cbaliman of the district. The Rev. James Moy _irig is pursuing Wa-Useful work in »Mel- bourne, and he bas hu. to batt.e with many -iffioailiea, I Dut 1 sufficient' progress has been made to encourago us to look toi wai d with hopeful anticipation. Since the opening of the church about fifteen months «go, two public 'ser- vice« havo been hold every habbath-day, tho congregation numbering from twenty to thirty. Moy Ling also cou-' , ducts a society and a Bible elms, visits bia countrymen, 'and delivers religious tracts amongst them. Ho spen >e lunch timo in concertation with neuthen Chinee, and to give opportunity for this mode of doing good the church ia almos always open. The number ol Chineao meeting in olas» is in preeent »ixtetn. The importance of this mleafonmnst nek be catimated by either the number of members or ot persons attend- ing public worship. Tbesp Immigrants are nearly all tinglo men, «about family ties, hence they wander from place te plucu | This no doubt la one chief reason why we bave not in Melbourne a large nicmbenbip and congregation On tho other han i we have pleating evidence that the teeds of Divino truth «own in Melbourne have been carried to distant places, even to China. _ I 'lime waa wben muoh that was very exciting was «aid1 and wri ten concerning tho work of God In tha lrnendly Islands 1 bat time h»8 pissed away. Tho' missionary character of tai work is giving placo lapldly to a Church atóte very «imilar to on own lhc mise'oniirici there have not now to contend willi idolatry and it« evils " The idol« " in this group " Ile hath utterly ibollfhod." 1 hey have to offer the bleteingt and to enfordo the clilms of tee Gospel upon a people nominally Christian and (ene rally instructed is the word of God from their infancy, and to watch over and edify »n important Church lhere is in in» tetatc of this mistión abundant canse for devout thankfulness! ano encouragement. We are gathering; »oma o! the frnit ot tho toils nnd prayers of our fathers, into whoso labours wo »ave entered No doubt formality exista ; so doust many have not experienced tbe converting grace ol God-and lhere ia cause to mourn! over cases of inconsistency. But »11 this mott be admitted, in icipcct to nations whleh. have long enjoyed I tin. greateat advantages. The Island« te tbU group I art neither numerous nor large. Tho population is not very groat bnt lhere are near nineteen thousand attending our ministry, and cloie upon eight thousand meeting-In elasa We are giving tu SSS5 children an education qolto equal to their present réduire 1 aient«, and are training men who will be well qualified to raise ib.» standard o( school efficiency, a« may bo needed trota timo to time 1 he influence of Christianity ¡a olearlyteen in tho lives of Hu people The law« of the land bear ita imprest. The liberality ol the people to the Missionary Society hal for several year» abounded. Their airing» are voluntary, and there 1» not a» yet any Indica lion ot a decline so tar a» we know, Their contributions last year were very large, but wo are advised that they will p obab y be excceilcd this year, And ,while they express,their sense cl obligation to'the Missionary Society by their bounty the* arc not unmindlnl of homo. I dey have begun to desire mort durable, commodious, and beautiful chorcket Several of 'these have been tenttronV Sydney during the year They are beglnnu >. to provide better hoc««« tor. the missionaries We rejoiae in ihc»i improvement«, nat only for the increased comfort thereby afforded to till who »ti the churobes, but becatue thoy eannot 'bat en rt « good influence upon the peoplo generally, J?er these improve mente, however, this «ociotv 1» not asked to «apply the fand* A home mission fond wes established last year lu income woa|jG20D and this year they hav» raised for it the «lim of iSDCO in addition o what li contributed to the loreign missions fhelr ne* churches and houses, at well as the «upport of the native agents me provided lor by ibis fund. A missionary, who ha« reoenlly lett these islands, atys-" That instead of impoverishing them se'vet by their liberalities, they seem to be increasing in wealth " Also, " TiMt.tbty.are »ürroundlng ttwmstlvo» tilth many comfort» to which they were lormerly urangera." ' There ia that «cattereth andyetinoreateth.', , ' From the Tobou College tepon we learn that the young men who have entered this year are decidedly superior to those ot pretinas ycart, and that if they are oontlttent in tnelr Ure«, they will do- us good servie« It teen» that the necessity for the enlargement ead improvement of the College la forcing itself apon the attention of the ¡people, and w« suppose that ere long the want will be tupplled. ' SAKOA DtSTaiCT." ' The grotfp of Ulanda eomprlted in this district is ruled over by a number of rival chief«, and in oonscqaenoeof their jealousk tius been 1er yean te a ttato of chromo political disturbance fometlmee more and sometimes less extensive in its range] w c have long been accustomed to hear of the tribal wars al Samoa sa Badly interfering with the ministration» sad progress bl the Goepel War hat, it items, for the present come io an end, am thi ugh all the department« of our work aro suffering dlrcdtly o im ircotly from cause« traceable to it, our missionaries write vert hopelu'ly as to the tature. { We are informed that all the ruling chiefs have recently oon .ented to the adoption of a code of law« for the entire group and though tho law« may be aomewhat erode and imperfect, it it hoped tho measure will lead to as improved state of society. 1 ibe deslíe for a better «tate of thing», and in tho wiUingrjess u' the people to submit to the supremaey ol law, we tee some pi tht uumantîing effect« of Gospel teaching. It also appears that tin American Government has been appealed to, eithtr t< annex or te aséame the protectorate of Samoa A ¡com miseiener (Colonel steinberger) hat been sent to ujquiri into the capabilities of the country, and the desire« of the chief« and people His work ha» been done, and he ha» returned to America to submit his report to tho Washington Government, It it confidently believed that the appeal ol the Samoans will not be related A misiionary write«, under date November IS, last year - " " lhere!« . deoldetl improvement among the people generally, a the result ot the provisional law« now established, and there i good reston alto to expect an improved state of the work di Gon daring tbo coming year." Besiuo the evil« ol war, lhere are otheit, which can only be overcome by the Gospel. We rejoice, therefore, to learn that the preaching of the Word i« listened tu with respect and interest, and that not a tew are eeekintj read muston to tho privileges of church membership II tiru« per- muted we might tell ol tome happy deaths, of a tpccally tateicat teg ehsraetcr, t | lue operation« of the District Training Institution have; been impeded by the war and by the frequent and unavoidable absence of 'he minister in charge, upon whom tho oare both ol a circuit and the district it devolved Nevertheless, the result« bl the jeai is work »re very encoarasjleg., One pi our missionaries is we regret to have to state, compelled by illness to leave a Sphere in whioh he has laboured with very great1 acceptance lor tbirteoi year«. We have te Samoa 1 missionaries, 1 naiWc mlnitteh D31 members ol our church, 291 on trial tor membership, 4880kttcn dents on public worship, and 1681 child rea in our lebools. ' M Ï1JI CISTBICT. ' This remarkable mission has long been regarded with thdCcep eat Interest by the Christian world, and tatt -interest la not1 likely soon io diminish. It was founded bj men who possessed in » hlRb dcgieo tho qualities of-Christian heroism ; and though the hardships and dangen are not npwwbat thoytwero, mono! like character are etill needed to carry on,' the work so auspiciously begun Our thankfumeta it due to owDlvine Master for raising up from time to time men fitted for this work. - I This mission, commenced tome forty yours ago, was notibegnn a day loo soon. If'erer any »arbarou« .nations are to ho'q their own betete clvjlteed races, U can only be by the powerful influ- ence of Ch'iaitamiy, and, under thb mott favourable oonditiuas, It will requite eontlde able time before that renewing and en lightening influence can io pervade such a nation at to enable it te pursue a safe and independent course The rapid peopling of the Australian co'oniet has suddenly broaght-Kyl right Id o the highway of commerce, and the attraction of fertile Urana has drawn to1 herthoreS largo »utnbett61!foreign settlers; to that contact with the whiteman has become inevitable-and what the consequences will belt Is impossible te lay, though we hopo to ' the best. "'II i " ji; j ; J ir . j Our duty as mlttlpnarlet, A» plain. . We must pioolaiin the gloiloue Gospel everywhere in that lantf We1 m'ait Increase the efficiency ol owe tehtoli andtnulliply their, niimberii andl while thu» imparting sound and naelul teeular, knowledge, we mast fix io the minds of ihe'yovtb, the great principles' of Christianity We mutt not be turned aside from this, duty by the influence of politicians. Ii we persevere in this coarse, nat only shall we confer npon the Kij ans'th« highést'goúdftie Gospel is designed to »«cure, but indirectly we »bail promote IhéirMcial and pjolitical elevation in the moat effectual manner. Tinas been lately »aid by Sir Bartle Frere,-.' It ' lev a durlou» lacf that Chriitllnlty whilat, at one of ittrfondameotal prjnaio'oe, abjuring all dlaim to interfere authoritatively In matter« of social or polltlcaTortaniM t'on,-whilit inculcating tbe par«mount.tlu:y ol aequleteefcoe and obedience to all lawful »ocjal arrajigesjientaftid' polltioal taatitu tiors-baa proved itsolf c»p»Me, beyond klV other sysfema, of in»plrin»»ucces«fni attempt» at political »nd>»t social organiza tlon." These, view« are hold by our muulonerie» and loy the tocioty which tnttalna and directe them Renee to; any who «night detirc to mi k» uae of us aa partisans, we tay with good Nentmleh, " We aro doing «.great work, ao that Wo cannot oome down-to you.1» 1,> .1 The interest» ol the white tottlers1'!«, Eli! arejnol over looked by bur rnlBBkmariet There i«Jftn English I servio« regularly held at Levuka, and when poitibie the «euler« | are visited on their , plantations.. Should the number of these settler« increase, as is probable when '?w. and order «re firmly established, it may be neeeaWy to «take ether provision to meet their «plntual necessities, ¡In tome neils ol tbe group serions hirtdranoet to the work kaVo arisen during the year. There bat been revolt amone »oute of tbt heathen tribe« of the mountains, who have attacked «.iiatenriMr towns, and made cruel raid« aeon the tattler« Tkete evlliihave had lobe pot down by force ot arm«. |Towni have teen destroyed ned u,» people «(¡»Meroo. At . eohitoaeat«, ChrbtiHiordinance« eavetieiniBtpeiHkd,udtehtiôte¡aRebees kfötf , From other parts we hear of greater worldliness, of le«» ".U'ítion then formerly to tke means of graeo of ovlls oausod by «troag drink, in «pite of prohibitive law» Oat there is a bright «id» 'lhere are openings forleñebec« among «ojSfTjT Ula po_p. -.Ir. tribes inoc. dióuirtm^tnte. k-orebW-af« «-e_-*bm«j We hear of the exten»Ive "ñiroalatlori of tbe Word of Goft .ad that the detn«n_excetds"th«?ulip7y7/-leo that the Scriptures are rea. and valued. Ja '.om'& efrcnit« WéreWa '«¿¡&»$i .membcrahip, »risingfrom, local and fctctptloiial eames, bat in other part« of the group that acoroase I» rntd.-ât/,'%nd'd_ tie whole we report an inoroaac of about 600) In one cirouit 3t4 bare eome over to u« from th» r»nk« of .¿pery Many dca'tis ?re reported in regard to which an old tnisiionary »ays, " That scarcely an inatance is ever known of a professed. Christian, nh»n dying, to desire to return to old superstitions 1er comfort" ibu» there is much te cnoo_r»gor'i_ tke Mate of our work in Fiji »As to the schon!«, they aro ks efficient as we have been able to inake them ^We have done what C'P eeuld They are, no doubt, quite as effietect as ia st present «¿ed, and In the meantime wo are making provision for the improved training of teachers for tho future One mis;lonuLy telii a« that " one-fourth «f the adult population In hie cirouit can icsd" Another, that tho children can pass ¿ very creditably 5n reading,writing, and«rithmoiio ir.il "u I The »ew District .raining Jjutjtntton at' NavdVqa tasVbefen opened duri»g the year A report of the prooeedlhRShttti alfbaSj »ipearcd in the JVoti«* Tlicre »re In thi» tnatirrttioh ftfty-lttro yopng men under, training for the ministry of as school teäebcte Th« report of the last examination ia oredUable, I XOTUMAH I ! Th« Hev W. Fletcher, B A , baa returned to BotumaV for a abort Uria of acrvlee He wa« tho first European Protestant mi6»io_»iy BUtioncd there, and be baa rendered ¿dod serV/oolio the canee of Christianity, by translating and conducting íbrVafrh. the Press the Kow Testament in the ftotüfnah tongïe. Mr IF »ay« that " nine year» aince heathenism was strong and popular in Rotamah, but now the abominations of that, period art gone nore ^»omp ctely tuan could have been anticipated-that too tondant ol many of our people Is na beebmeth the Gospel) of ChiiBt They loye tho truth, «nil deaire to,know if mere pi r fcolly. Such teatimoniea are eneopraglng ¡There aro drawbar ka in ihe caie of some who hare tbo name but not the power of godliness, and there arc some dangers arising from tbe etrcutn stance that there «re «gents of Rome at Rotamah, who would) if tney could, ciuth our Protestant chiefs, and drivo away our Fijian teachers But the «fork is the Lord's, and we are «ure He Will, not Buffer Bia foe» te triumph In conclusion, the review of the past year »applies abundant eauaea for aatittsction in the faot that tbd income ol tbe aocitty ha« been ennal to its ordinary expenditure It may be that wd may be called te extend onr operation« in Burne directions, for the cry " Come over »nd help us" fs still hoard And «hall we not reason d to it If we can t We trnst that the Income of the society will not recede from the point gained, but that by carefully organized efforts throughout our connection its resources wilt yet be largely increased j Thn review also convinces us that, ia the prosecution of ear work, we are likely to find mach to try onr faith paticnoe, and loyally to Christ.-with Fiji, our Isrgost miaslon in circumstances ni peculiar trial-with .{Samoa about tnall probability to enter upon a new and hitherto untrodden and perhaps perilous pith ardath the claims upon our Christian »ympsthy of the large Chinese population in oar midst But wo need nofbe dlshcart «ned while we hold faat and faithfully publish the " Gospel which ia the power of God nnto salvation ". That gospel has overcome greater difficulties thop .those which confront us Wc have tho arsuiancoof its ultimate success Still there is need for ui_s Church to seek in prayer the grace of a higher consecration te the service of Christ. " God tac merciful unto ne and b!é-s|us and causo His face to shine upon us That Thy way may. be made known upon earth, Thy saving health among lall nations " The general treasurer's acconnt for the year ending December 11, 1873 -Dr To Receipts Anniversary «ervicos, &c;, £89 9s Id Colonial district«-New South Wales 8ydncy District Auxiliury, £024 12s 3d , Bathurst ditto, £311 ¡6« Id , Maitland ditto £150 10B 8d Armidale and Grafton ditto £63 17a , Goulburn ditto, £267 1« 6d Queensland District Auxiliary, ¿126 Is 7d Victoria-Melbourne District Auxiliary £1266 lit 7d , Geelong-and Ballarat ditto, £671 5s Id r,, Castlemaine and Sandhurst ditto, £350 16s 8d , Ovens and Murray ditto, £9119s 7d , Weaterndiatrictditto.jBlS.lOB 5d Toa mania District Auxiliary, £36313s 5d South Australia-BoutnerH District Auxiliary, £468 ia 4d , Northern ditto, £260 7s!0d Western Auatralia Diatriot Auxiliary, £127 17s Id New Zealot It Auckland District Auxiliary, £21 0a Ed , Wellington ditto, £19 6a , Canterbury ditto, Mi lis ad , Otago ditto, 13 13s 2 1 Middle ditto, for 1871 £26 Is 6d Mission Distrlots Friendly Iilasds District Auxiliary, £4150 3B Cd , Samoa ditto, £376 lil» ia , Fiji ditto, £1755 3B 3d , Rotamah ditto, £20 6s Frocb-ds of Oil, &c; Fiji, £134 12s , Rotumah, £20 19« 2d Legabnt, £1200 Lands for 1872 and 1873, £566 15s 3d John Weale) Account, £290 4s 6d Fiji district, »pedal fund £142 Total £14 367 Sa. lOd Cr - By Payments Friendly Islands district, £3460 Is 5d, Samoa, £1012 16a Id , Fiji, £5460 6s , Rotamah. Circuit, £509! 2s 5d , ChineseMlBBipn, £763 9a lid , Returned misslonarie«, flUBl 3» 6d , Theological Inatitution for Mlaalonary 8t.de.ts, £S7 4s 3d , General M¡E«ion, £783 Ils lOd Interest and Fxohangc, £46 15s td , Home Committee, £1052 12s Id A liBt of the contributions from the York-street cirouit was read from the report, the total amount being £108 le 4d The Rev. J. ABSTEN moved the first resolution as follow« :-" That wo unitedly givo thanks to God our head for the con turned success of our foreign missions, aa showpi by the reports for tho present year." If any success |bñd, attended the efforts of the MiBsionary Society thanks must bo give»; to God ; and thero could be no doubt that BUCCCÍS had'crowned their effort». Tho principal aspect of suocess was the spiritual aspect. But there bad also been great financial success. Their Mission Churches in thoiBlands brid themselves contributed more than was given in all Australia The principal success bad been in lae Friendly Islahds, but large success had also been achieved in Tonga, Samoa, and Fiji. £9000 had been contributed in the islands to the lundB. It was said that this was all they did towards' Christian work, whereas in 'ther colonies they were'con- stantly called upon to give to a variety of objecta. But tho mission «talions did more than what appeared inl the talance- sheet. L> fivery, village there was a native teacher who was, to all intents, ti native paBtbr^ind he had io bo supported, The people had to'build him a house, aadjgive him every week _ aupply of food, and every ¡year a contribution was > given, for his support, Varying from. 20 to 100 dollars a man, according to' the wealth of tbe people. Then, in' addition, .they build their own ohapels-sometimes very nice, «tone buildings. Another phase of success in connection\vith their work was educational success. ' Not only waa the| Gospel preached, but the people were taught to road the Woid ot God. The largo majority of children from seven yeare of . age and upwards were able to read, and they had also made fair progress in writing and arithmetic. In re- gard to political success something had also been done. In ibe Fnondly Islands therre' was a good code of laws, due greatly to Christianity. Of Samoa BO much could not bo said, there, being so many claiming to be chiefs; but still there bad been progress made there. Notwithstanding the difficulties in Fiji, good had resulted from tbe labours ol the missionaries. He was surprised to read the other dayi that it bad 'been 'said at a meeting of merchants in thip city that the traders had alwaya prepared tho way .or the missionaries. That waa news to him. (Laughter.)! Hu weuld like to have known, what would become of the traders if the missionaries bad 'not gone before them (Applause.) Then they had cause to thank God for the success that had attended their offorts in giving tbo'natives medical assistance, and many bad been saved from death m consequence. But, after au, tho great success tharj they hoped for was spiritual. For their expenditure of i'üOUU \- in the islands, they had had during the year an increase of 10CO Church members, who, if not all converted! bad at least been brought under the sound ef (he Gospel. 690 of their Church members, had died, moat; of Utera, as they believed, having been true Christiana, and the death bel« of men,'of them had cheered the missionaries in their work. A large nrmber of natives had been brought under religions influence. In Fiji'they heard of the moat heathen towns asking for native teachers. For thie they had cause to thank God. Their native teachers were doing a great work in the island- ; and they were .indeed a noble race of many full of faith and the Holy Ghost. He would not only ask them to thank ' God for what had been done in the past, but they should 'pledge themselves to continue.1 .activity and energy in the future. Let them payj their vows unto God, ana present a thank-offering to him, asking aim to accept of their efforts to promote his cause, ! The Rev. W. FISLBR seconded the resolution} He thought it must be as galling to the foes, of missions to bear of success, as it was grateful to them to have the great «neceas recorded in this report.. He believed thht tbo success was greater even than had been told. This success ..Bt'fled a considerably inoreased expenditure annually. It was gratifying to find that this circuit supplied] one ninth ot the whole amount contributed to the mission] from the Sydney district. ", | , BAUI.A (a native teacher from Tonga) then addressed the meeting in hiß native- tongue, bis remarks being in- terpreted by the Rev. Mr. Moulton. ' ' The resolution was put and carried unanimously. l Thd Rev. B. CHAPMAN moved the next resolution, as foUowB :-" That Btill trusting; in God, our great; helper, we will more prayerfully and earnestly givo,ourselves to the work of aiding to send the Gospel to all nations.') He , bought the spirituality of a Church would be in proportion to its missionary ¡seal. He mentioned one or two instances to show that the traders would be in a very poor plight if ihey 'went before the missionaries. In one lnstanco a Ger- man firm cent a man to one of the islands, now occupied by a missionary, to open a'atore, and the natives became such good customers .that they at pnce forcibly took poa «cesión of aU the goods. (Laughter.) They had 'net for the, past two years had to draw upon the Home Comfuitteo tor the support of these missions.' This was due to'logacies they had received in two instalments. They had thifc year £1262 to pay towards .¿he Home Committee»! This was very 'encouraging, knawing' as they did t__ij they had in former years to draw êo largely 'upon tho Homo Committee. Ho hopod that in New South Wales I there "would he inore liberal'- contributions, which did ncjt now compare" favourably with-thoso of pros/ion» years. Queens- land had last year tripled its^contributions, and ho knew that this y car ene district,had contributed so largely that the sum amounted to, hair, tbe whole amount contributed lost year in the wholo colony:" People 'might be surprised that so large an,amount had' nof'Jbeen'sent from New Zealand, i but he pointed out that that wa. duo to the New Zeal indem having divided .their missionary, efforts, and'devoted part of the money raited to the maintenance of missions ia New Zealand, From tho sudden increase ¡n the I price of 'land in Fiji from colonization, a t piece, of i ground that had been given up to the society on condition if the payment of £60 a year to the widow of an English school- master, had lately been yielding to theveoeiety an income of £260 or. £300 for Itbe education of thevpeople/.aad the general .mission*work.1,ila' ..short time ho hopod they would have the pleasure of seeing the Rov. Joseph Water- house, who was about to enter upon a new term of labour. There 'were now opening» for- the society's enterprise, in the Pacific, which. he earnestly commende. to the people. Then be .' ', thought ? that they ¡might fairly be called upon to assist in the I work of Christianising the, Chinese in China .'itself. Upon the eastern and northern shores of Australia thero was great room for missionary enterprise, and they ¡would get tho, assistance of the Home Mission Society in curry- ing on that work. If they trusted in God and prayed earnestly they might hope for arcot success in the mis- sionary field«. He referred to the mission work among the Chineie in Victoria, reading a letter from a ndssionary > there. . . " The Rev. Mr. MOV-YOM «econdedthe rewtatWs.' 'Be ' ' - . J, >, . , i . i, ! ' ' dercribed var ons features of life in Tonga, and said that though the people were vicious in some respect^, improve -. ment«-in-morah] -.were, noticeable, and he gave several remarkablo^^Mtaqccsrjef, this. They hoped to ree a general reconstruction of domestic life there as the reault.qf tb/J .spread of a healthy public opinion among the natives' by, toe influence' of ^Christianity« He Bpoko of the great liberality of tho people)., Thdy-spon tabtfoufly gayo'large sumí of money, and in spme instances 'Ihfey bud tobe chocked lest they gnvo all i they-had and ,couldnot pay their taxée, and provide suitable elothirlg for their families.' This liberality did not always spring from good will to their fellows. Each town was emulous to ?Contribute tho largest-amount of money. ' Civilisation hud not mado so much progress ás strangers going tojl'onga rui^ht Imagine, or even as their ? improved i spiritual condition ? weu)d lead them to expect. Still the natives dressed much mare fully now, than ; they formerly ¡did ; t and, the missionaries encouraged them tod reck as mucha« possible even to wearing Grecian bends. (Laughter.) Ho claimed for Tonga that the peoplo were a permanent race. They were riot decaying. The islands of the group could nover hatte 0 ontained'a much larger popu- lation than the; did now, .. They contained as, many as i35 to the l quere mile, being, half as many again a.» were,jfonnd 'in Europe - Though1 ho did-not'accept the theory of. Dr. Geekle, that they should not send the Gospel to. the decaying nations, it was not, applicable to longa. He celievtd .that, if Europeans went , to Tonga, the 'lengnns would be 'ablo to' maintain "themselves 'in the face of - a high, civilization. - They .¡would not lote heart by' contact with ; what'woe ^oaJlod the superior race. He produced a number of valuablobooks, printed in the Tongcse language,-tho production and com- position, in some inetanceB, of tho nativos themselves. 'The college >n the islands had been a great »UCCCSB, and proved of great help in the education and civilization of tho people. Jfo hoped that'.the meeting would show their sympathy ,njfh'. foreign^missione by contributing liberally to' the funds." ,i '? ' -,',' , c' J \ ', ,' >l'u,¡ / A collection was then made. . , , The Rev. G-. WooiiKuvou moved the third ¡resoluHen, ns follows :-" That the following gentlemen beitho Sydney ,firs{ circuit committee for the ensuing year, vi& ¡-Messrs. W. B. Haigh, ¡John Graham, B. James,'jun.', L."Kendall, John Kendall, Dr. Moffitt, J. ft. Linsley, S. E. Lees', John Wright, S. Beaney, J. Clark, J. C. Gluo', J. Greer, R. M'Coy, and Dr. O'Reilly, with Messrs. E. Dawson, trea- surer, and Henry Gorman, secretary/' t ' Mr. GORMAN seconded the resolution, whioh was carried unanimously. A vote'of thank« was passed to the chairman by, accla- mation, and tho proceedings dosed with the doxdlogy and benodictioni _¡ , , ',, , 