Inmost concerns, philanthropic or com mercial, planned for the benefit of a 'number of people or the public at large, tho success may bo prognosticated by the fitness of the -leading spirit in tho movement to take a practical workable view of the thing, and to uum wuu unu conquer .objections that are sure to bo thrown in the way by faint hearted or pseudo friends of tho cause. 'Until such a man is put forward by Provi dence, the best and most humane schemes for the' welfare of humanity will bear no fruit of any great worth. The value of Bushmen's Homes has long been admitted, and any (unoimt of words have been written ; but when William took the scheme in hand at Adelaide, being the right man for the work, the thing became an accomplished fact. Now,- wo have Mr. C. Featherstonhaugh, who has planned, a Club in his . own mind— sees the way to carry it. into effect ; and, of course, we have sundry small at tempts to turn the man oif true mind and honest purpose into a groove that would run the Club into insolvency. If such Societies as tho Bushmen's Home are, to succeed, tlie bases of their operations must bo intlie great centres of population,, and we quite agreo with the view that the central home .of tho Riverine Bushmen's, Club should bo in the nearest seaport, viz., Melbourne ; and that from thence brauchcs should radiate as the prospect of self sustenance becomes npparent. It if consoling to know that the buslimen themselves sustain Mr Featherstonhaugh' in this view, nnd that they aro liberally supply ing him with the means to carry the reason able demand into execution. Ho lectures at sovcral stations within tho next few days, and being a bushman himself, and an educa ted gentlemen as well, thero is d moral 'cer-' tainty that he will bo listened to attentively, nnd receive tho liberal support the good work he has devoted himself to deserves. : Cddgellico. — The news from tho gold, reef, at this place, is not satisfactory. We are informed ! that tho quicksilver used in saving the, gold, .has been allowod to. rua awuy, ah'd is to be found on' the banks of.the lake,, a hundred yards from tho ripple boxes ; and, of coiirse, if the quicksilver gocs, -tho . gold-goes with it. We are informed that four gentlemen of Hay, interested ih ? the reef, leave early next week to see for them-., selves what is being done, and as they 'are' shrewd energetio men of business,, matters will soon bo made to assumo a different as pect. ? v . ' ? Y ;.j Our storekeepers, at Hay, aro: vieing-. with each other as to tho handsomo show' they can make in their windows of a Satur-^ day night. We havo Boveral times ? noticed'' Mr W. L. Smith's, and now our . attention is drawn to that of Mrs J. H. Palmer, we would advise our readers to take a stroll of a Saturday night, and judge for themselves. Summons ' Cabes. — Police Court, gepV.' 18\. Edward Morrison, drunkenness, adi monish'dd arid discharged'.' ' Harry Relbeker - v John Atliersuch, assault, fined 20s, 42s, professional' costs, and costs of court.. The Laird.— Mr. John. Keighran, who .is esteemed one of .the best judges of cattle and horses in tho Riverine districts, advertises this horse to stand- at Toogimbie, -and oirncrs of mares may be sure of this — if- The. Laird was not a really good animal, John Keighran would not have him. Hay Bridge. — A code of signals are pub lished in this issue for the guidance ,-of mas ters of vessels in passing through the bridge. The concert in aid of tho funds of the local hospital. It has been finally arranged that the above shall take place on the 15th. proximo. Wo learn with much pleasure that many of the ladies of our town have kindly consented to render their valuable oh me occasion, xms, we LLIUIK, coupled with the fact that the proceeds, are to bo handed -to so deserving a charity, onght to be the moans of adding greatly to tho above funds. Full, programme, nnd particulars will appear in our next issue. ;? Paika Cheek Bridge, we hoar, is nearly completed, and, if passed by the Government engineer, :'will . soon be opened for public traffic. ' — | Hay Telegraph;— In explanation of.. R.B.'s letter, published last week, our tele graphic master informs us that .the. side ' gate is always open for the entrance of persons with telegrams when tho front door is closed during the sorting of mails. '' This front door is tho only door to both post and telegrapihic offices, which aro conducted in one. room.. The postmaster is very obliging in this matter, and puts no difficulty in the way of persons desirous of forwarding telegrams.' In admitting the letter in question, we had no intention of allowiug ^discredit to be. thrown on Mr Arnott, but. considered the post and telegraph. convenience at Hay too scant altogether and requiring- enlargement and improvement of the building to meet, the; growing wants of tho business mien of Hay.' Murray & Co., the. Tailors have .got,, their new shop nicely trimmed up. Their show of materials is extensive and sub-, stnutial ; and they evidently are not afraid of ' a close inspection, as their place, in business^ hours, is a blazo-of -light. . Their .windows are lit up at night with those powerful re flecting lights that aro atpresout the rage in Collins-street, Melbourne ; and altogether tho Messrs Murray 'aro good colonists ani townsmen, of whom wo are proud. . New Offices. — Mr Williams, commission; agent, _ has opened , a convenient central office in the premises next. Messrs Murr'ayi'' the tailors, in Lachlan-street, Hay. In the same same building Mr. Raymond, tho solici tor, has his offices, whoro his clients. can consult him without danger, of being. over- heard. ? .... ... Corrosp; - Steamer.— This second. ?' new:' vcssisl, {belonging to tho H.S..N. Co, . arrivsi' for the' firs t -time ; at. Hay early this ^YoelcV She is -a paddle-wheel boat, with bargojr and ' under the skilful oommand of Capt. Ritchie^ wo may predict for her a career of profit .io' the enterprising, company. ' '' J'' . New-. Ai,DBRsiAifJ,r-We.;hear that, Mr Cox' has been gazetted to . fill. the. vacant manic seat at the Council, board, liut' oift' copy of tho gazette containing the proclauiA tion has not come to hand. . ' ^ Hat Land Office, Sept. 17th.— -An oH* previous Thursday, there were .no selecttcm's madeto-day. ' ~ Hay Hospital for week ending Sepj,. '22 : —Admitted, 4 ; discharged, 4 ; died, l1'; -re- maining in hospital, 15, Thomas Morton, who died last -week in the Hay hospital, , was a brickmaker, lately working at the Pine Ridge, ago 56, born in Manchester, .Church of England 5 has ono daughter in Wagga Wagga. . .. ? ° The Lachlan . a,t Forbes on 12th itist^ according to the Times, was just full - enough to be comfortable. There were report sofa nooa, but tney proved unfounded. '? T-& A ncNio for the children, attending- the Presbyterian School during, the 'last J' few months will take placo on Thursday (to morrow) afternoon. The- children are. re quested to meet at the residenco of Mrs Nicolas at 3 p.m. - J Hay Bridge.— -The earthwork approaches on the south side whieh were rendered so boggy- by the late flood are being filled up, to a higher level, and will then afford- firm foot ing in ordinary floods for stock and ? vehicles. . We hope the Roads Department .will not ignore the fact that these approaches, -as planned, are 18 inches' below the highest known flood, arid tho: public would' he gratified by seeing them raised 'a' little- over that height. - , Masonic. Hall.— ^-This plac'e of amuse ment was crowded on. Monday night.-. -The chief attraction being the first appearanoe- of. . Mis? Edith Middleton, and Mr Harry Sharp. The piece selected for the occasion,. ' Neveri judge by appearances,' was gone' through' without a hitch. Miss Clara' Middlbtoii tnkmg the part of ' Diana' in' a -brilliant^ stylp.:; In' Miss Edith MiddletPn, 'Angolina'' representative. ' Her sceno with; het sister, whero sho declares A her ; partiality for ' Frank,' was a master' piece. . Mr Georgd Purges, as ' Undo Pepper,'? was equally successful. « Joe' fell into the hands of Mr Harry Sharp, and, of course, wns well performed ; his 'bye-play was ox ceedingly good. 'Frank' was flayed by Mr Tlioinas Tozer Opio well, as to part, but we notice a want of that freedom which is so essential, A musical .jmclango followed. Mr G. Burges sang, I'm so shy, with- great applause. The sisters, Clara and Edith Middleton danced tho Highland Fling, and were'; vociferously applauded. Mr Harry Sharp, in his four songs — Song of Songs, The Squatter, Betsy Mangle, and Walking in the' Arcade, received applanso both loud and long. A negro farce, ' The Ghost in the pawnshop,' in which Mr H. Sharp was (jiiite at home. ' — What might have proved a disas trous fire was,, on Monday night, checked at tho outset by one or two young men- w.'io happened to bo near. A kerosene lamp, in ,'the finop' of Mr Viviain, Lachlan-street, got Capsized amidst somo papers, -which blazed .tip, but were speedily quonclied. This is another gentle reminder that . wo ought to liavo appliancus for extinguishing fires. The . Municipal Council might take up tlio mat ter, and thus earn tho thanks, of tho whole community. ..An Honest Mailman. — About twelve months ngo the Wilcannia and Booligal nihil bag was lost, and though diligent ?search was made for it at the time, no' traces of it could bo found. Recently, the missing bag was found in the bed of the Tallywalka Creek by the mail man, John Campbell, who took it in triumph to .the Postmnstcr to whom it was addressed,. We understand the cpntents of- the bag, which.. contained a. con ? Sfd.erablo sum of money in bank notes, choqu^s, &cl;, aro intact, though damaged ,by. being long under water. However, it is satisfactory to know - -that we - have - among our. mail' bearers one honest man who is worthy of being favourably remembered by the' public. — Wilcannia Times. , Mail Tenders required by Gth proximo. See ?Gazette, 8th inst., filed at this office. INSOLVENCY - John Pigot, first and only meeting at Deniliquin, Sept. 23. \- Approved Claims for Pre-esiptive Leases. —James JX'launn, Ten Wile Creek, Albary (41oteV Thomas Mitchell, Albury (2 lots). Francis E. Kinff, Ten Mile Creek : Williatn Hose, junr., Bowna : H. K. Aird, do ; It. 9. Gabbett, do ; Mary K. Donnelly, Waflrga ^yag-M; Terry M'Guire, Walbundrle: M. M Quire, do; Charles Shelly Corowa ; E. P. Hamsdcn, Warn', do ; J.C. Whitty, io: 3. Gleeson iWalbundry ; G. Hornood, Corowa ; W. Hay, MUl lots) ; F. Wilson, Baratta; T. Jones. Mathoura; vni ' wft ?cr!,liluip (7 lo,s) ; A. N. Gilbert, Hay (C lots) ; M Culioeh, Sellnr and Co., do (II lots)- R ^Eyerett. Moulamein (2 lots) j S. -Wilson, Melbourne .♦v' ? 