A LUCKY INVESTMENT— A TRUE STORY. ( From CasseWs Magazine. ) Some fifteen years ago, a tall, over grown lad stood, gazing hungrily into a pastry-cook's shop, in tbe principal street of St. Pstersburg. So intense and eager was his gaze, that it attracted the atten tion of a passer-by, a Mr. Berstein, a Hamburg merchant, whom bnsiness had called to St Petersburg for a few weeks. Mr. Berstein, after watching the boy for a few minutes, asked bim if he wonld like some tarts, and invited bim to enter and eat as many as he liked. The youth required no second bidding, but instantly set to, and in a short space of time devoured more cakes, tarts, and buns, than one could have imagined any one boy capable of containing. When he came finally to a stand-still, Mr Berstein told bim he might pnt a few in Ms pocket. Our hero straightway filled every pocket and corner, and finally, to Mr. Bersteln's intense amuse ment, buttoned Ms coat by two buttons, and then filled the breasts on each side. Then, turning to Mr. Berstein, and speak ing for tbe first time, he said, with a beaming face, " What's your name ?" " Berstein," said his friend. " Thank you, Mr. Berstein," said tbe boy, and walked away without another word, leaving Mr. Berstein so amused at the incident, that be never thought of asking the youth any question until it was too late, and the boy had disap peared. Many years rolled on, and everything seemed to go wrong with Berstein ; from being a prosperous man, he bad become poorer and poorer each year, when a house, with wMch he had formerly done business, gave bim, more from compas sion than anything else, a commission to St Petersburg. One day, on pasting a confectioner's, the little episode of tbe cakes recurred to Ms memory, and be was wondering what become of tbe hero of tbe tarts, when be suddenly fonnd Mmself con fronted by a fine, handsome young man, who exclaimed, " Mr. Berstein 1 don't yon know me ? Ah ! I have never forgotten yon. Come home with me. I have been looking for yon for years." The stranger was Count C-koff K-kofi the owner of an estate of two hundred and fifty sqnaremiles, and taking bis title from tbe province in which it was situated, and tbe same youth to whom Mr. Berstein had been so generous. The Count then told Mr. Berstein that, the tiaie of their first meeting, there were two lives between Mmself anc -be estate ; that be was brought up by two old maiden aunts, who considered all sweets and pastry as so much poison, and that lie wsr never allowed any pocket- money, lest be should indulge in such things; tilt Mr. Bereteiu's gene rosity that day bad made it tbe brightest o? Ms hitherto doll life, and tha he never bad -fingotten it, and be had determined to pry Mr. Berstein should an opportunity ever occur ; that since his accession ' to wealth be bad vainly sought bim, ' and - was indeed happy in finding bim ; that he sbonld ever look upon him as his father, and put himself entirely under his guidance, & a, <tc. ; and the affair ended by the Count establishing Mr. Berstein as un controlled manager of his vast estates, at a salary of six thousand pounds a year. Tbe Count and Mr. Berstein are both living, and neither has ever had reason to regret tbe nicc'ings which proved the generosity of the one and the gratitude of the other. A Short Life — Within one month from the completion of the first home In Pitholic City, Pennsylvania, that city had a telegraph office and hotel, costing the owner 10,000 dollars. In one month more there was a daily paper es tablished, and in the next a theatre ; In another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there were 74 hotels and boarding houses ; in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 people, elaborate water works, a city hall and au expensive city government Then occurred "the completionof a labour-saving enterprise, the so-called Miller Farm Kpe line, by by which tbe petroleum was sent off independent of the labouring population. At once 4000 persons were thrown out of employment; while 2000 bouses became useless. This was the death blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the the theatres, and the telegraph were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, while almost every one packed up Bis trunk and moved out. Only nine families remained out of a population of 15,000 sonls, while the railroad from Pithole and Oleopolis runs only one train a day consisting of a locomotive and a single car, which is usually empty ; but the company is obliged to keep rnnniug, otherwise the charter of the road wonld be lost They still hope agaiost hope for better times for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months was born, full grown, got sick, and died. Un doubtedly this is a case unparalleled in history modem or ancient. Neither Egypt nor Greece can give examples of snch rapid changes. The Healthfulness of Apples. — The frequent use of apples, either before or after meals, has a most healthful effect upon digestion — better eat less meat and more fruit. An eminent French pbytician thinks that the decrease of dyspepsia and bilious affections in Paris is owing to the increased consumption of apples, which fruit he maintains, is an admirable prophylactic and tunic as well as a very nourisMug and easily digested article of food. The Parisians are said to devonr one hundred millions of apples every winter — that is, tbey did before war. Whether this estimate is true or not, nevertheless the French are extravagantly fond of apples and other fruit. A man who was seen coming'out of a newspaper office in Texas with an exceed ingly damaged countenance, explained to a policeman that he entered the office simply to inquire if the editor was in. " And he was in," the victim mournfully added. 