THE MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER. (frum English H<x: Iy.) I was seated in :i • •iu]f>>::»].;i)tn• ent i in :L tirst-class r.iilw.iy carri ifffi at Lnirlou [ P.ri.igH Railway Station one 'Jltli Dec.-u' er. ! The weather was liorriUy odd. and the wind was very !ii<ih. My tlmuirlits were far away down the line—foity miles down, to .\ettleton, where 1 was g<>in<: tosjicii.l my < 'In1st mas lmlld:.ys wit.li u>y uncle, Arthur illuoucL', fv\v fimsiiis, and Bes.sie Nolan. (jiviuj* a f-liiiling to the guard, T requested him t-> lock the door, and I was loft to my ciu-ir, iiiv evening paper, my I>r.idsliaw, and my As \vislowly gilded out >>f the station, I was somewhat surprised to see a tall, lank, whitefaced gentleman walk up to my carriage door —which I piid the guard to lock—open it, :-tep in, and take his scat opposite me. He was a most peculiar-looking individual. His face was very long and painfully white; his eye was bright and restless ; his hands, encased in black kid gloves, had the appearance of possessing a good deal of bone ; his legs were awkwardly long; and to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shone like a plain white billiard ball. On entering the carriage he bowed to me, ai.d after carefully gazing round him, siniKl—such a smile —and taking out a black covered book, coiled himself up in a comer and buried himself in its contents. This strange being puzzled me considerably. What could he be 1 Perhaps a doctor. No —his appearance would terrify any nervous patient. A lawyer ? Possibly :MI escaped lunatic, m-.v.a pr»bal:ly. I deterliiin-' 1 . ;o spsak to him. i«r though I was n •( coward, I ^ii not like rl,: man. There was something unearthly about him; for now and j then he would put down his book, gaze on the lamp above him, and laugh quietly ; then iixing his eyes on me for a .second, would relapse into a fmilc and continue his reading. " Do you object to smoking ?" I asked—1 own with an effort, lie took no notice of me. I repeated the question, but in lieu of replying lie twisted himself into ail easier position, and went on with the black bound book. I must have soon fallen into a doze, but how long I slept I have little idea. When f moke 1 felt the carriage oscillating violently, ,;-id to mv horror and surprise, my companion iiad gone ! Yes, I was alone in the carriage. In another moment the air was filled with shrieks of agony and yells of despair, the escape of steam, and the crushing of wood. My carriage shook and groaned, and then tottered • iwronits side down the embankment: but luckily for me, I was, with the exception of a few bruises, unhurt. Oh, what a sight was before me! The 5 55 train from London had run into a goods train, and lay before me a wreck. Women, children and men, were burden under the debris ; while some like IIUhad escaped without a scratch. Wc- :e-..cieieu a 11 tlie assistance that lay in our power to the •iour creatures ; and it was not until tho sun iiad risen on Chri-tmas morning that we got sufficient hands together to clear tl.e line. Twenty-five people were killed in this awful accident and over thirty severely injured. The news of the disaster h::d reached kettle- ton some hows previous to my arrival; and when I had briefly narrated the painful facts of the case, I asked le.ao to go to i iy room, feeling j perfectly unable to la::; p u t in the Oiiri-.nn is : merrymakings. f was glad cnotud: to tine v. ] myself o:i the Ltd. I was no beiiever in j ghosts; and yet whit was the meaning of | that man's mysterious entrance at London j l>ridge, and his still more mysterious disap- j pear.mce '! Was it fancy? Certainly not. j Could it have been a warning of the coining j danger 1 I could not answer myself, but con- I tiuued to ponder and argue. j The few days' leisure that I had allowed : myself went quickly enough, and my Nettleton ' visit was soon a thing of the past, and I was onoe again hard at work in the Inn. The long year pa-^ed away, and Christmas cams again. I was as usual to spend ray few .lays' holiday at Nettleton ; and I found myself once more in a first-class carriage by myeif, at 5.55, on the 21th December. The whistle was sounded, the engine shrieked, and the train moved, the door • pened, and iru entered the carriage, smiled in i lie same deathlike manner as lie bad smiled twelve months ago, took his seat, produced the black book, and read in silence. I do not think I was very much surprised at =r-eing him, for he had been in my "mind's eyes" all the year; but a cold perspiration came over me; I felt a sinking at my heart •.toil a burning pain flew to my liead. " Man —if man you be—" I said, fixing my eyes on the figure, " If you have come to warn me of •tuy cominff danger, speak to me, I am brave "iiough to hear the worst." He lifted bis eyes Vom his book, yawned, closed the volume, and si tiled himself' to sleep. "No," I cried, " you shall not evade my question ; you must answer me. What will happen 1 Why arc you here?" He roused himself, and looked at vie with a smile upon his hard lips; he then j ..•ok out a small pocket book and wrote on a I j age, which he tore off and banded me, these j words, " We sht'II meet to night." j I read the five words over and over again | but could not fathom their meaning. I was J painfully certain, in my own mind, that some j other calamity of .some kind or other would happen before long, and that I read my writ- | ing on a piece of paper I held in my hand. I ; ki'pt my eyes fixed on him for sometime ; but nature at length ruled, and I fell asleep—not into a sound slumber, but into a troubled fretful series of doses of an unrefreshitig and feverish character. I was aroused by the train .-lackening speed ; and on looking out of the window, found we had arrived at Nettleton junction, and I was the only occupant of the haunted carriage, and enquired of a porter if my uncle had sent over any conveyance for inc. Yes, there was a dogcart. Before leaving the station I asked the station-master if he was sure that the train from wbicli T bad alighted was the express from town. '' Yes, sir," was liis answer, "tlmmjrb from London Bridge." What an awful ride I had on that dark Christmas-eve ! At every turn of tlie road I thought we should be overturned ; whenever the horse improved his pace, I made up my mind that be had bolted ; but in spite of my fears we arrived safe at Nettleton House, and received a iicarly welcome, as of yore. All agreed that I was far from well. " Bless the boy,"' said i!>y aunt, " you look as pale as though you'd seen a ghost. :> I stammered out something aiiout the closeness of London, aii'l went upstai;d to dress for dinner. J low I got through the meal, I have very little idea. Bessie must have thought me very si upid; for I made few remarks, and answered her questions in monosyllables. There was to be a dance, as usual, in the evening, and I was engaged, of course, to Bessie for the opening quadrille ; but I made so many foolish blunders and, as my sweetheart told me, looked so very unwell, that I had to leave off "Come into this room, dear," Bessie said ; "it is far cooler there, and more quiet," We entered. I started back with a look of hoiTor on my face ; for there, by the mantleshelf, stook my mysterious railway companion with a glass of sherry in his band. " Bessie," I said earnestly, " come away, come away, for heaven's sake!" " Why, whatever. is the matter, Charley ? You look so terribly frightened," "she said. But I heeded her not; for I could not think of anything but the phantom before me. He approached, with that cursed smile upon his face, and lield out bis hand. Beerae looked up laughingly at his face, and said' " Charlie, -won't you shake hands with Doctor Linton V "Who—who is he?" " Why, Doctor Linton, the deaf and dumb gentleman. For a moment my brain whirled round, and | f can remember but indistinctly what imme- ! diatc'y followed. 1 saw Bessie making signs • with her fingers, and the Doctor replying to j her in the same manner. This was what I ' learned in calmer.moments. The Doctor was deaf and dumb, ard a ! sea.son ticket holder on the line; and as he ! could not always make the porters understand : liim, he was allowed a private key. He lived ; at a little village some five miles from the ; London side of Nettleton, and the maingers ; of the line stopped the 5.55 for him out of courtesy. So ray ghost vanished with the explanation. T shook him warmly by the hand, and with the assistance of my Bessie, informed him of my doubts and fears, at which he laughed her.rtily. My spirits soon returned, and by the time the last dance was announced, no one was happier than myself. Bessie and I were married the following Cliristinans and conspicuous among our guests was my " First-class Ghost." 