HIPPOPOTAMI FIGHTING IN THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. (Frank Buckland in Land and Water.) By the kindnees of Mr Bartlett, I have had the good fortune to be present on the oc- casion when the little Hippopotamus, Guy Fawkes—who is now eight months old father, Obesh, a resident in the gardens for twenty- three years. Obesh was quietly munching his breakfast of grass in the outside den, when at a given signal the portcullis of the mother's den was gradually raised, and the two heads appeared gazing out with a most comical expression. Seeing his wife, the old man left off munching his grass, grinned a ghastly grin, and he loudly trumpted "Umph," "Umph," "Umph." Little Guy Fawkes then, came forward from behind his mother, with the action and stiffness of a pointer when he has discovered a covey of birds: gradually and slowly he went up to his father, and their outstretched noses where just touching, when the old women sounded the signal for war, and rush- ing past the young one, fairly challenged her lord and master to single combat. He in- stantly retreated a step or two. and his wife began to pretend to munch at the grass, keeping her eyes always fixed spitefully upon him; Just at this moment the sun shone out, and I was enabled to see most distinctly the remarkable phenomenon of "blood-sweat" these gigantic animals when excited. The usual pale chocalate colour of the skin of the husband and wife became densely covered with spots that looked like thin red gum, and when the male turned his head I could see that these spots were globular; the glistened like dew on a cabbage, and stood high upon the skin like blood-stained diamonds. I managed subsequently to wipe off one of these globules, and it stained my note-book quite red. After gazing at each other for about a minute, old Dil—for that is the female's name—made a savage rush at her husband, simultaneously both animals reared right up on their legs, like bulldogs fighting. They gaped wide their gigantic mouths, and struck and lunged at each other savagely, while the grass fell out of their great coal-scuttle mouths on to the battle-field. The crash of their tusks coming together was truly Homeric, and reminded me of the rattle and smashing clash, only exaggerated, when the Windsor Park red deer charge and fight with their horns. For a second or two these gigantic animals closed together and swayed to and fro like Cornish wrestlers. This scene of Hippopotami fight- ing was grand in the extreme, and would form a good subject for an Oxford prize poem or the pencil of Landseer. When they settled on their four legs again the old woman followed up her advantage by giving her husband a tremendous push, "well hit," with her head; and while the cowardly old fellow sneaked backwards into his pond, his wife trumpeted a triumphant signal of vic- tory from the bank. All this little Guy kept well in rear of his mother, occasionly (sic) peeping round her sides to see the rare and extraord- inary phenomenon of a husband and wife having a row. Dil then slowly, and in a Shah-like manner, walked down the steps into the water, and hunted the old man about until she drove him up into a corner; she then mounted sentry over him. The young one then mounted on to his mother's back, and gazed with filial respect, not unmingled with impudence, at his father. At the least movement on his governor's side he sank down into the water as quiet as an otter, without making the slightest ripple or sending up a bubble of air, and shortly reappeared with his pretty little head, erect ears, and bright eyes, and looking like a gi- gantic frog. During his subaqueous excur- sion the little rascal had probably gone up to and touched his father, for the old fellow gave a sudden plunge and jump as if he had been touched up from underneath by some- thing alive. Thus the three remained for about half an hour, grunting and staring at each other. Obesh made one attempt to get out of his corner, and retreat into his den, but his old "missis" was too quick for him, cut off his retreat, and drove him back. The little one, I observed, always kept the far side of his mother, in case his father should turn rusty again. In about three-quarters of an hour the row was all over, and instead of angry trumpeting the signals gradually assumed a more amicable tone, and it was evident that the two Behemoths were getting into good temper. At last the female swam nearer to her husband, and distending her great nostrils to the utmost, uttered a kind of hiss, not the least like a war cry. When the keeper heard this he said, "They are all right now, Sir; they'll not fight any more. See, the old man's beginning to smile, and he has uncocked his ears, and left off -taring." The faithful keeper was, for all three Hippos at once became friends, and the domestic row was over. I understand that on the previous day, when these three beauties were first put together, little Guy Fawkes immediately, went up to his govenor, and checked him in the most insolent manner; he bristled up, grunted at him, showed his teeth, and actu- ally challenged his father to fight. The mother then charged the old father, scratched his face, and pnshed (sic) him right bang all of a lump into the water. The little one followed up directly, swam under his father's legs, and actually bit at and pulled the paternal tail. On the second, occasion the youngster behaved very differently; it was quite evi- dent that somehow or other his mother had cautioned him and given him orders to keep in the rear while she fought her old man. On this occasion Obesh was terribly alarmed, that a new discovery was made by Mr. Barlett. After the row was over the cowardly old Obesh changed colour. His mulatto-coloured skin got whiter and gradually whiter and whiter, and the lower part of his head and sides became of a creamy-white tint, and the poor old fellow looked "as white as a ghost. It was some hours before he came to his proper colour again. When his wife gave him a hiding on the second day Obesh again turned somewhat white, making his blood stand out with unusual clearness. Now that this family scrimmage is over, we trust that for the future they will enjoy domestic feli- city. By the way, the controversy has not yet been decided whether the present name "Hip-po-po-ta-mus(which means a horse river, not a river-horse), shall not be re-cast into Potamippus, and the little Guy Fawkes receive a new appellation—the diminutive of the original word—viz., "Hippopotamidion" or "Potamippodion." This, as your corres- pondent Mr E. R. Karslake remarks, "would be barbarous." I should like to hear a satmmerer (sic) tackle it. — — — THE PERPETUAL DROP-TALKER. Occupying a foremost position among these, I find a small, but for its size exceed- ing vigorous and active, member of the gar- rulous species, to which the name 'Perpetual drop Talker' may perhaps be given with some degree of propriety. In dealing with a new branch of science, as I am now doing, the use of new terms is inevitable, and it is hoped that this one, and such other technical expressions as have been introduced in the course of these chapters, will be favourably received by talk-students generally. The Perpetual-drop Talker then—I will venture to consider the term as accepted—Is a con- versationalist of a species easy recognisable by all persons possessed of even moderate acutencss of perception. The chief and most remarkable characteristic of him is that his chatter is incessant, and that there issues from his mouth a perpetual dribble of words which convey to the ears of those who hear them no sort of information worth having, no new thing worth knowing, no idea worth listening to. These talkers are found in the British Isles in great numbers. There is no difficulty in meeting with specimens. If you live in a street, and will only sit at your win- dow for a sufficient length of time, one of them is sure to pass. He has a companion with him, the recipient of that small dropping talk. Perpetual Drop points with his stick calling his friend's attention to a baker's shop—what is he saying ? He is saying, 'Ah German, you see; Frantzmann, German name. Great many German bakers in London; Germans and Scotch; nearly all bakers are one or the other.' You continue to watch, and you observe that this loquaci- ous gentleman is again pointing. Where you see those houses,' he is saying now, 'there were nothing but green fields when I was a boy. Not a brick to be seen anywhere.' And so he goes on commenting on veerything. (sic) Whatever his senses inform him of he seems obliged to put on record. 'Piebald horse,' he says, as one goes by him in an omnibus ; or, 'Curious smell,' as he passes the fried fish stall. This is the man with whom we have all travelled in railway trains. He proclaims to his companion a person much to be pitied —the names of the stations as the train ar- rives at each—'Ah, Croydon,' he says; or 'Ah, Redhill—going to stop, I see.' He makes his comments when they do stop. 'Little girl with frui,' he says ; or, 'Boy with papers.' Very likely he will imitate the peculiar cry of this last—'Mornin ' Papaw' —for his friend's benefit. This kind of talker may be studied very advantageously in rail- way trains. He is famaliar (sic) with technical terms. He remarks, when there is a stoppage that we are 'being shunted on to the up-line till the express goes by.' Presently there is a shriek, and a shake, and a whirl, and then our friend looks round with triumph. 'That was it,' he says ; 'Dover express, down line. This is a very wearying personage, He cannot be quiet. If he is positively run out and without a remark to make, he will ask a question. Instead of telling you what the station is, he will in this case ask you to tell him. 'What station is this ?' is a favour- ite inquiry with him. He doesn't want to know; he is not going to stop it; he merely asks because his mouth is full of words, and they must needs dribble out in some form or other. In this case it takes an interrogative form. A tiresome individual this ; one cannot help speculating how many times in the course of his life he has thought it necessary to inform his fellow creatures that the morning has been fine or cold, as the case might be, and the weather generally seasonable, or the reverse.—Chapters on Talk. 