IF the pnblic -were left to discover from fie,, language of a Eoyal speech what w«re the intentions >6F%Ub "Government, "they would, generally speaking, know as little of the matter in February as they knew, in No- vember. Bat this can scarcely be said of the Queen'sspeech at. the opening of "the present ParaameaitL The fohiriagB of the Dakorrf-fipBJBOErH tchte Grand; DaphegS; MMtTR of - Russja will," we , are told, lead to a pledge friendship jiefeneen the Ct empires. Well, considering that! pe has/be«t jWOBt tojook npqh.'|hatJ large ahdheterojaneous empire that has,' since medieval titaibeeb catoolijatiugupon her eajsani Jist2erfs,.as the-mariner thatches, half with mterest, half with aaxiity 'some portentous dohdthat broods oVer&iqfiorizon;,' and threatens ' approaclnng storms— -cbn- sidpring.tiuB, the mdmaEon- of friendship towards EngUmd'is highly satisfaptoiy., ,The speech then expresses hope"' that the negotiations entered -into with the King of Ashastee wSbJeBd <to a more satisfactory condition of affairs on the SVest Coast of < A&icasn; it wajyiea|pgisesttepondact of the" forces 6Sgaged ift ' the foqiedificmr 'This is a jnst and gracefdl tribute to British snhjecte.and Brilisbi>l»ck- Thh nextptiB-" cage in thespeech is gegret at the extreme scarcity of iood in lBeral, amonnting t6 7an 'actual famine extending over 'an area im- haMbed"by,4naSy foBlftns: -of' -persopsV- Starvation, we je»cg$jitB da$k shadow Rpozi the. -fotare ZX-WfiWfittii-ot human - bahgs. ButTfrigl and will be fonnfleqtdflyaiid willing asxreUasqooi, to thppqcaafon. Th® Viceroy has beendirected to spare no ex pense in order to mitigate the effects of this terrible calamity; andtbe SSbeteiy of State for Jndia71!pani»otmbed in "4i»fe Hquseof Lords ;fchat dife.jamme loan arnqohted 4p : £10,000,060 7 sterling 1 ' Who/among na 'does not. remember, or-' bafc -riot-read ofy1he\ ! Indian mmtiiiyeiid ifoft<fo>mpftnyihorit» ? : Even their feigfaad was mngnamhtoiia.- :1b tbfiijatgfeol JBe®w»s, "BraUnmhpm b» great ceiaw Jhoeae ,-(g tfil&y; after srafflessed, .bore testimony to England's majesty and EnglandlMaercy. " Instead," said these Hindoos, 'assnming the character of nn avenger, tririch, we confess, we might hnraeEpecbed, causing blood to- flow even as. water in! rribution of the fierce and ilocdy deeds of ecahe bf oar countrymen — "foiiljnnlike pBSriohsJstMiipierors in the his tory of India, who, with fearless provoca tion, carried fire and slaughter through the : 'tength'Biid bread th-jrf the land— outraged England remembered, in the tjme pf victory and in the plenitude of restored 'power, that ; she wasp -.Christian GprommeBt, ..and- «xr tended a mergfnl-and unhoped-for clemency ruination." Such was England then, and tb-day she provides £10,000,000 sterling tp avert the horrors of starvation from these people ! Englishmen cannot well be otber tjian proud of their country in the face of such charitable and magnificent works as < 'these. ! By the same telegram that brought us the neyfeTSave "jcpminented onywe learn that Mr Disraeli has determined to release the Fenian prisoners. This is a wise and r sierciful conclusion. ' Still, it is remarkable that the Fenians should be released by Mr iJlSRAELiyand to rise a phrase traceable, we believe, to Mr Bernal Osborne, politics seems to be " standing on its head." Ziehen Catholic Emancipation ' whs tarried by the Duke "of Wellington and Sir Bobeet Feel, it was by the sacrifice of -their own prejudices, and against the most . decided convictions of their party. Then, ah in subsejneiit- instances when .acts of "justice were ddne by tim 'Tories, -this was invariably against their followers incli nation, and by the aid of the Liberal . NfotesL; 5Bftery Irish reform' projtosed by ST" oartv. was opposed by Sir Bobeet Peel and mo xmSKio, — . prosecuting O'ConKELL, they brought in Twhat .they, called, an olive branch, in pro- 'a"tdSfcre9"iiie' grant to Maynooth. "this, todj was carried by the'XTbsral votes." Jt was opposed by Mr diseaell, who had bpen always saying that' the . Conservatives were the natural allies of Ireland. The Irish Church would have been disestablished a generation before it was, had' it not been for the opposition of the Tories, and there . :has never- been a coercive: bill passed which ' the Tories have not been the first to call out ' for. For years, wheh O'CONKELL and the Repeal pLrty. supported the -Government of Lord Melbourne, the XiGerals were taunted and abused for depending on the Irish vote, oraait was then said "O'CONNELL'S TaiL" Again, we: all -know, bow the efforts -of Liberal Administrations have been. received by the Tories. They opposed' the Irish Church Act ; they opposed the Ballot - Act ; they-opposed the University Bill. Thongh denominational ists themselves in England, they opposed, giving denominational educa tion to tiie Irish Catholics. But it is "never too late to mend. Either a change has come oyer the spirit of . the., dream . of- the Tory party, or, educated by their "brilliant leader, he has at" least indoctrinated them with the fact that Ministers depend as mpch upon popular 'support as wealth does on steam power. Mr "Diseaeli, the great Tory chieftain of England, enfranchised the masses -of England, and . now he is about to liberate the Fenian prisoners of Ireland. \- ; The conclusion is "politic and -for a time it may pacify ; but mnch more has to be .done for Ireland. A time was when two powerful classes were found arrayed against each other, and their alternate successes represented the victory of "vested interests or popular aspirations. But now another power has come into existence, which both priests , and landlords." fear, and against which they, combine. It is the new power 5 of nationality- and democracy, which will wage a fiercer war against feudal traditions than the church has ever instigated, and which disregards distinctions of creed, and refuses, to place itself under any. priestly banner. So astute a statesman ' as" Mr Disraeli has, no doubt, noted the signs of the times— hence tfie liberation of the Fenian prisoners, and the promise-of justice. ' In the Queen's Speech, Mr Disraeli promises, -measures . for . simplifying .the transfer'of land, for the extension to Ireland of a -re-arrangement of the -judicature, and a reform in the procedure of appeals in Scaliand.L A. Boyal Commission has. been appointed to consider the -Acts relative to. masters and servants; and a bill will be introduced to -amendthe- -Licensing Act. All this is in the right "direction, and proclaims ..the Premier to be a remark able man. ' When young, "Mr Diseaeli positively declined to join the Tories, be cause be fonnd them " in a state of ignorant Stupefaction " haunted with neri'ous ap prehension of that bugbear, ibe people — that bewildering, title, under which a mise rable minority continue to coerce and plunder a viation." This language was cleverly vague. He depended theb on the votes of the Tories mid the judical party. He ap peared before the electors with credentials from Hume and O'CONNELL. . Time pro gressed, and he became a high-blown Toiy. He qpposed'tooth and nail the repeal of the Cora Laws. In 1852 he became Chancellor of the Exchequer under Lord Derbt, and; - during his brief tenure of that office the ordnance of - the country was put into that state of efficiency which was soon to,.be, tested by the Muscovites on the shores of Tthe Taunc Chersonese. Th 1858,' he again became Chancellor of the Ex chequer, and the Government of which he formed: so distinguished .a part passed that great measure which attached British India to :the? Grown, - and tiefined the principles had, -the method of the government of felindostan. In 1867, he'- carried, his great measure for tiie enfranchisement pf the masses of England ; and the Statute, Book of England,. jn one. of. jte. impdttaattsedtiong, -will thus be his' ipost? gndnring monnmmit. . In 1868, on tbe getjrement, of the vEarl "of . Derbt, die reached the apex of his ambition. " He"be- Came' Prime Miinsterrdf Great Britain, and in that presents to the youth of a nation a lively filostratioh of 'whcd "may be acc<Rn- plished by perseverance, Beeing that Mr Disraeli has risen from the great middle ranks of the people of the mother-country, i One word as to the great' Liberal chief hvhomtbe present Premier displaced. Witfa- jout hiin(Mr ULAl)STONEj it would have been impossible to achieve the stupendons Liberal measures which have been passed. 'DBtindhe: course of them; he -had | to drink deep of the cup of ingratitude and frivolous discontent.- -Having every other ; qualification of a .great statesman, Mr Gladstone nevertheless lacks one thing, which, though worthless in iteelf,.is deemed., in -tim present- day to 4>e: all-important. I With it, a Liberal, like Palherston, could be the first " favorite" "ibf the House of Coiqmons, and a politician, .like Disraeli, I can come to" be the adnurtd leader 6f i party ; which does not bdieve in him any more .'than he believes in it, ..The quality of ; which we are speaking is one which, though great in its infiaenoB—npon Englishmen, jtbe English "language has no word to express.' - it ' jh bonhonke£-a. compctand of I good outage audWgmcerjty ; a sort of not speSMfigyhtfmind if it' iB' €npl&toni;/ ti) liRherTpeop'e— sargetting: mentp .do what you wnnt, wh3e pretending that yon tee trying to get to -tolfdO'totheiwise, . .Mr Gladstone does not possess tifis facility. Consdons of his own power, he is imable to brook the disputation of that power." And ioow, rdieved of office, he will go back tobiB faame, a!id tfie stodie; whichareis delirt; but'his deeds vtiil be reoMdl m history, and those' deeds wffil be hemdno- nal. . .. . , r ... . In a social point of vie"w, Mr GlADBTOJTE ' and "Mr Diseaeli are pretty nearly equal. Both spring from the great middle class, -the baekbcme crf—England'B— -- greatness. These. are the two great statesmen of l&ig-.; land1 fo-iday— ithe Iatier; pd-haps the vicst successful ofthetwo,andfor tidsjeasoKtr-; " A statesman- is -oBsentially; -a practical character, and wiieh he is called upon io- take office, he is not to enquire what his opinions might or might not have been upon this or that subject; he is only to ascertain the needful and the beneficial, and the most feasible maimer in which affairs are to be carried on. I laugh at the objections against a; man that at alformer period, of Ms oareer he advocated a policy different to his resent one. All I seek to ascertain is, whether his present policy be just, neces sary, -expedient ; whether at the present moment he is prepared to serve his county acrordmg folte preseht heceseities'' Tins' is the language of. tte Right, Hon. Ben jamin Diseaeli, ana1' the' secret of his success. A very important decision was given by the. Judges sitting in Banco last Monday,, and; Which pierSons, having . any business i transactions with individuals in positions of trust would da WelL' to bear in mind. The case was that ,V-M'Mullen, the inspector of the Union Baific,'the parti- colara .of which must be familiar by,- this. ' tune to all our readers, as they have fre quently been before the public. duringthe ine\ase came before" the "Judges on appeal, the "de fendant claiming arrest of judgment on 1 the grouud that the original transaction, upon which the jniy had'-awarded the plsuntiff damages amounting to £10,200, was pf such a nature that a court of law -could not afford relief. ' The " Contention of the defendant was that the agreement entered into, as alleged by Degkates with M'MULLEN, but denied by the latter, was bad in law, since it providedfor advances t6 be made by the Union Bsmk to Degb aves, conditionally- upon Degraves liberating M'Mullen from a partnersMp in certain station properties upon" which the advances Were to. be granted. This involved an a' immorality" in. legal phraseology, averred -the defendant, and - therefore the .plaintiff was estopped from claiming the damages which the jury at the trial had awarded him, for the stations having been suddenly sold off by the Union Bank to recover the loans "advanced. As we have said, the defendant denied any such agreement, thoogh admitting the partnerehipandthe dissolution ; M' MUL len further affi rming that the dissolution took place without any condition as to advances being involved in the separation. Upon these points their Honors delivered a very pregnant judgment. Mr Justice Williams saw nothing "immoral" intheallegedcondnct of M'Mullen, and therefore. nolecLjn-favor of Degbates. Mr Justice 'Fellows, oh the other hand, entirely concurred with the ground of appeal, and gave' a verdict on all points for M'Mullen. Mr Justice Barry, who followed, "did not take so arbi trary a view of the case as Mr Justice Fellows, J>ut at the same time concurred with him as to the " immorality" "of the plaintiff's- allegation upon rwhkh 4he- jury had dedded in his favor. The result was judgment by two Judges to one in favor of M'Mullen and a stoppage of the action. The lesson this . case conveys is that arrangejnqnts made in the ..interests of a - servant, :who" pledged the'esstetance of his principals, wonld'L be " im moral," and therefore void at law. Mr Degraves contended that such arrange ments had been made with Mr M'Mullen, and therefore he loses Jiife case "on his -own averment, thongh, as we have mentioned before, this averment is denied by Mr M'Mullen. The moral of these judicial deliverances -should not- he-lost sight of by those .persons who have" business trans actions with persons holding positions of trust ; -and we-say this— without presuming, to decide whether Mr Begeayes' evidence is more reliable than' Sp-At'MULLEN'fi, . or Mr M'MulleN'S,-. testimony, is moreVera- cious.than Mt DEGEATES'. Z- Amongst a Christian -and charitable com-: infinity like this, it is hot anicethingto hear of a'fellow creature dying of starvation, no matter wLa'his character is or his race. We mute gjgot provision for . the; sick and the poor, and therefore one is apt to think a screw is loose somewhere when a fellow crea ture amongst us is found- to have miserably died from want of food. Such a case, how ever, has recently occurred "almost within gunshot of this town, -and it was reported in our issue of yesterday The unfortunate man was a -Chinese named Hock Chin, who was found dead last Sunday in his hut at Dead Horse. According to the evidence, he followed the occupation of a rag-gatherer, and had been ailing for some time. So' re duced, however, had lie become that on the day preceding his death he was seen gnaw- - ing the bones of a horse which was lying , dead on the ranges. This is a very melan choly story initselL but it is. made discre; ' ditable to us as a Christian and chari table comnnmfty -by- one fact. -- Who saw the poor fellow "gnawing the horse- bcfiaes, and having seen him in this distressed Condition for food, why did he or she not inform the police, so that assistance could have been rendered.'.!" The .ghost of the dead man could not have come back:to tell the .tale, and therefore this information xnust- have been famished "by same living person. We do not envy the dispoeitfon of an indi-- vidaal who could calmly look on wht a fellow-creatare was endeavoringto weeat-ve ife by gpawing horse-bones, no donbt in tbe last "stage of . decomposition ; .and we Say this whether the victim be European or , Chinese. In such a case, if the observer, . .would' not, or; could mot,: afford assistance, then the police should have been made ac quainted with -the CTrcom8tances, so' that ' the . man might have been xCJieved. The Chinese ara reported, to he anything but charitable to the poor;- but this is the first timfiih this colony that a hiphah bting hfis been observed- toying to sustain life ;by gnawing decomposed 'horae-bones without steps beingtaken to afford him more genial sustenance f -and. as itis the.first time such, a wretched -scene has occurred, so E is to he hoped it will be the last- 'The polling for tg» difOricts'v'tocliidpd lnahBrWi Latcb of the elecoom .iriU .-take place to- day. Telegrams of the results will be posted -outBide this office as quicldy . aa .possible after their anMLU 1-' '- i".. yv'i'K'j. T'r.-.-.k" Major W. C. Smith heidameeting last night in tbe WeyanSclioolr6em,"Neilstreet, SoldieraIill; Mr , Rowe in tbe chair. Major Smith alluded to die successful' ibedtiiig IffiHrtd-lhe provipwji®bt at jSabastopoL and said he-had mo, -douht thatjie 'should be equally suppprted In the Soldiers' Bill part of the tgtetOTtea -He tfcea.alludai to the Constitutional question, stating a reform of the Dpppr House must takepisce, and he was ptiared i to |Pin fintiftttifiteB." -W&a; priflidofactiim hetookinirfetenfeeib Education Act, which he -Would sirieaTOr ' to . eatend-v Aftert theUpper Hnnte.had u'reforined -he : wiAdd "advocate an SShad-ltiS -Tbe-penhaheBLlieadiSiDf -departments he would do arrayitiftli'iltoedaKei He uged the people to unite in putting in men who will cany out these necessary reforms. A MondedHl carried ungqjmoi. ' T ' pftL largo and inflnnhti j meetiiig of ilhe 'friends and suorten of " Mr SteinMd ;fras"hrid, at. the iBteal Stteidard hotel MM. % Boff iras appointed chtirman.' An eimcutive Jmdiniittee %-eppmnted, to take.the neceiwHy jarhp aid "Mr Stemfeld's eJeetaon. f A list df places was appointed at which Mr Steinfeid,. will address the electors, due notice of which will appear. The fiist luuetiag-will be on Eriday, at Rudd's Victoria .hotd.. , . Mr kiunes will address the electors of Baliarat Eastin the TowmHall, Barkly street, this erening, commencing at eight O'clock." ' ;Mr MacDenUotiGaddressed, <mOMonday night, -ehout-sixty-eleetors -at -Jackson's -hotdy Mdboarae road. Mr Fltzpatrick occupied tbe riiair. The meeting was composed of very respectable and in- the topics that agitate the -colony at the present time. After Mr MacDermotthad spoken for three. hooreermSdmpfiB vtje cj- in the candiQate s favor. tMr MacDermott met about fifty of the electors of Bungqree at. JCody's. hotel, yesterday eveming. The cKur-'was laken try Mr O'Malley tad the candidate, after speaking for upwards of an hour, rdeeiTed a very warm and tmaniroous vote of confi dence. -t r v \- The reception of Mr W. Clarke found the south western portion of the Granville district has far ex ceeded the expectation of the most sanguine of Mr Clarke j warmest supporters,- All the ejrpens<»in- curred in" contesting the district have been borne by the several committees and private individuals. On Monday Mr Clarke addressed a large, meeting at Bulldog; -Mr Cioewtbccupied t&/3iair.: Jhhmal-vote'of confidence,' which was proposed by Mr Terry and seconded by Mr Bobinson, was carried, only four voting arainst the motion. Meetings were iislso held at, Rokcwood Junction, Grassy GuUy,- "Whim Holes," iu& at M'Haffie's, Napoleon Lead, -where Mr Bailey took the chair. Mr Clarke spoke at some length, after which Mr Snllivmi . proposed teffi M>Ll5ire3se6oi3ea tim ngnal rote of confidence, which was carried nnani- mbiisly.. A meeting was also held at Dixon's, Scotehmans ; Mr J. J,,Sauer in the chair. .After iu- . MrTaTlqr moved and Mr waioty seconded the usual rote or commence, wpich was carried without a dissentient. .Mr Lock, one of the candidates for Grenvilie, address®! theelectms on Monday "at Hla|Erud|hb-e Etef, on which occasion Mr F. Wilson presided ; alio at Happy Valley and figgoreet. At the meeting at the latter place Mr Gartside was chairman. The candidate's views on mining" and legislative reform were well received, and votes of confidence were passed in his favor. OuMonday evening MrlBickud Baker, onh'bf the candidates foLGren vfflCaddressed ahout eighty " persons in the large room of the Mount Egerton hotel, Egerton ; Mr E. O. Witherden in the chair. . During the explanation of his views, the candidate was several times interrupted by one or two per sons, who were evidently " moved by the spirit" to forget, what. was. due to - themselves or the speaker. He, however- answered all the'questions \- put to him, even to their satisfaction ; and, on the motion of Mr Bichard Williams, seconded by Mr . James Petford, a unanimous vote of confidence was passed, and loudly applauded by the meeting. Yesterday Mr Baker met the electors at Durham, Scotch Marsh, - Clarendon, Lai Lai, Buninyong East, and Buninyong. . At the latter place the Temperance Hall was crowded ; Mr Ernies in the chair. Between 300 and 400 persons were pjesent. The candidate was listened .to attentively for ever aii honr, and repeatedly cheered. At the cioee a -unanimous vote of confidence was carried," amid : great cheering; The entire canvass of Mr Baker appears to have been attended with success, and Ins friends are very confident of his election. We have received several letters npon.the.Gren- vflle election. We omit them, partly because we do not think it is f airplay to publish adverse oou>- ments on the - "day df polling, when chargies - made cannot be defended in time to influence the pol ling, and partly beeause nearly affof them contain libellous matter. On Menday afternoon Mr JrF. Levien addressed the electors at Harris' Commercial hotel, Egerton ; about fifty, persons were present; and.-Mr David Wilson -was- voted to the' chair.- "The candidate gave a resume of his stewardship daring his term of office, explained his views as to the principal ' .topics of the day. and answered' a number of questions. : A- vote of confidence was thrai mowed by Mr Marshall, seconded by Mr Wm. Hicks, and carried unanimously. I Mr Peter Lalor held "ft 'meeting at Horner's hotel, Elaine, on Monday evening, and of all the electron mtetings Mield in thflt neigbborhood this wah'thb'nmst snccessful'-Ond enthusiastic. -He- addressed the electors for more than an hour, and . was repeatedly applauded. At the finish he re ceived a unanimous vole of confidence. Mr Cole- man, of the Morning Star, occupied the chair. ; With reference to the Bsllarat Hurdle Race, a request is made in our advertising columns this morning "that gentlemen havmg.bete on that event tffil send in their prolests at once to the etewards against Hans Breitman being declared the winner. The object of this step is to have anrinvestigatiofi field into the recent protest lodged by the owner of: Protos, in accordance with a rule of the Victoria Baring Club.; Yesterday morning,; as no protest . had been entered, the stakes were handed over to the owner of Hans Breitman ; and according to the 53rd clause of the Baliarat Turf Club, no objection \- can be entertained after the stakes have been paid. . I The.arbitratois in .regard to land. owned by.Mr. ! John Hardy, which is required for the Ciieswick to Clones railway, will sit at Craig's hotel to- day. Mr Whitteris ari>itrator for tbe Governmnt, and Major Smith "for Mr Hardy; the umpire bring judge Bunny. ; Messrs Whitehead and Co., of Melbourne, have published a report of the jwoeeedifigs at the dinner of the Cobdeh Club; which took place en the 28th June, 1S73; and at which the Bight Honorable T. Mtlner Gibson presided. -The pamphlet is entitled " Free Trade and Free Enterprise," and contains, amongst other, matter, the report of a speech delivered by "the Hon. David A. Wells on the subject of protection in the United States. ' It seems tbe police station at Crewlands is to be closed, not the station at Stawell, as previously reported- -r; ,. - - ... - ; We again remind our readers thai a" public meelipg will be held in tbe Alfred Hall tins even- ing. -whtii the Rev. "Wm. Moss, hon. secretary of the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution, will deliver a lecture on "The Education of the Deaf and Dumb." An examination of fire pupils, under the charge of Mr F. J. Rose, will take place during the evening. /.We trnst/kere wiTI "be anOmfrOuS attendance, as the object is one thfit miist apal to the sympathies of alL The lecture, to which the admission is free, will commence .at half-past seven, and at the termination of the proceedings a foUefetion, which it is hoped will prove. very large, Will be made in aid of the building fund. : A dress' rehearsal of the Baliarat Amateur Choral Society will be held in the upper room of fhe Mechanics' Institute next Friday evening. A ease /of- . snake-poisoning was : successfully treated on Sunday last at Buninyong. " A "young man named Miehal Trate was bitten on the end of his finger while in tbe act of palling up some long crass on the Mount. He soon began to exhibit all the effects of the virulent poison, viz., sleepiness and-sickncss. . He was. taken to.Dr, Sparling, who,. aftcrTiiYing put a ligature - above the wounfi,-cut pnt the bitten part. The wound was then scarified, and tfie usual ammoniacal -injeetion made. The alarming symptoms soon began to abate, and two hours. afterwards'Tratehadqnite reoovered. \- A meeting of 1 be oommittee of the 'Ballarak pricket ,OInb' will be . held in tbeJPavilion, on the Oval, at fire o'clock this afternoon, to make ar- rahgeniehts Lm- -the visit of.the Vtrtoriaa Eleven to Baliarat at Easier. i Mr Johh Sraiiam/ of - Nerv Zridand, vrfio' is -de scribed as the terror of all spiritists, will lecture in the Mechanics' Institution Friday, in aid of the Hospital. Mr SerjeantVletter is unavoidably crowded out nntH to-morrow, by pressure of other matter on bur space. : An old man named John Murphy, describing himself aSTa eamdener, was arrested yesterday foif robbing-a -till iff the bar-of the -Comnrereiai'hbtel, in Armstrong streeL Mr Magee, the landlord, was in conversation with a neighbor at his own door, and left the acc«sed,standing at the counter. He had previously placed A3 lis in silver in a bag in the tin, and after the man left Mr Magee missed the hag of money. He obtained the assistance of <k>netaMe-- Gmdy, -end -together .they .searched jtfae town, aSf at lasl found Ok 'prisoner buying Sa rig-out at a shop in Bridge street. He was arrested, and nearly all tbe money found upon him. He will appear at the City Court tins morning. ; The 'BhngareesbireCouhdl met yesterday, and transacted husiness which is reported elsewhere. I JThe Governnient (says the Tdegrtqtk) have had brought under (heir notice .the .conduct, of the bench of magistrates st Whittlesea, who heard a charge of criminal assault against a person holding :a commission of tlie peOTWith closed doors, an$ after an investigation of some length dismissed it. "The particulars, briefly etated, are tbat a .temaie tmmed'EmUy-%1. SSiiili»,fA sri-vant in tlm family :of Mr J. Hngbes, a -farmer of Whittiesea, com-, plained'of-his havingpnteredher room At midnight on theaithftJWuaiy; ahd. attempted wtlaraaiL Site remained in his employ until the 3rd Feb- ; ruaiy, %bei«tt,IritMferUiSirefcr any charge against him" until the Cth "March, a month and ten days after the alleged offence. JTbe magfa- preferring the compla.w, wgwaiicl xofjaagl it With this derision thOTBgB-;® are dissatisfied, the Government., The not denied by Mr Hughes, was, that returning home findmgfonftg locked out, be opsied the wnHOT of thefgrtorg room, and passed through It to kM Own apHmeat. The case is still under the. consideration or the Kxecotire. - - ported by thegw ! lioant to Ianisha!J;-pcg .qut /allotment re quired, him orbri stlf irot.b«ng.droui. ofpeffiing oht land in hcertmn locality, but unable to spare time to visit it, got some friends to bring down a easeful of soil taken from the four cornere of the allotment she wisbed to obtain. In this -taken to keep them wdl aammnded by the earth -when it was replaced in thmpoeitioo it was believed formerly to occupy in terra Jiraa." JtMiMdpjlSraaeffgSiGaBCaito that a fifth woollen mill wiR probably be estab- lished shortly. Mr Collins, having determined to build on his landmear fheAlKan Company's mills, leaves it opeuto &«#Kn«ndferof «e pnblic tebtion. We understand OnSbrai-OOOof %hares wre spoken tor before theBarwon Qraira was -piganised. " " . "V'J" ; I Thi Aps wrifias Thomhe Mgfierv.jhu.,tn<uif of the. estate of the.teBatiuAXMyBucld,/ -uhder a willpniporting.tb.bave been executed in;. tl812, lias been, bv the late judgment -of- ins Honor; Mr Justice Molesworth, iaced in a.iporitkra exactly analogous to thatjs|fee Tbbbwne .claim-,, arit ' prior tb hierwosaSWbiP'!(o?ieay.f Government of this cofiSnyWrSfeot unmindfcl of tii fact. It is open, however, to Haher to appeal against the decision ytoMlffeg Opntt gfffrAilprilste J urisdiction, and as heuando this withia fourteen days of the jadgmait bengiTBn,iefliediii»ry of. the law cannot be.ptrt mtooticmbefiire that-time has elapsed. In -the memdtiniU 'MriTeaf isamder the surveillance of the -poliaej airi xuuitiot l&Lve;"4he nrtlonv without inenrriun I4— «:rreat. . " ' Adefanlter has beenAouhd id oneiffthe Queemir land land offices. ' The: Brisbane Cotrrier xe ports, that an officer named Adolphns Wehr badbemi placed inrfhargeof the Toowoomba office, sad it hfo beai- disoovered tint he has embezried a. sum of £160. His name eppeared in the passenger list ofone:ri tbe Sydney steamers, and subse quently a frtoid of his in Brisbane received a letter requesting him to send on to .Melbourne clothes and other property that Wehr had left there. Nothing would have been known of the "defalcation had not a selector in .the .Tt»woomba district applied to TSe Treasury for: arafund of money whidi had already been transmitted to Wehr by that department. Then -enquiries were set afoot, and it was found that the Treasury re mittance bad not been placed to its proper account, bat paid in to the private account of Wehr at the bank. The authorities in Melbourne were trie-; graphed'to to arrest Write.,' Having disposed of the difficult problem of Con stitutional Beform, so far as it had to receive or monopolise tbe attentionof the .Cabinet .Council, the Mini arty (skys ibe Tetegraph) are nowengaged with' the consideration of other questions of general importance, which they propose submitting to Parliament during the ensuing 1 session. As one claiming their first and best attention, the subject of a Loral Government Amendment Bill was under consideration on Monday, and occupied the atten tion of the.Cahinel nblil a lafo hour. The Boyal Commission appointed to enquire into the.administrafion of the Lands Department are going about their work (says the Aye) in a business-like manner. It serins that there is a book kept in which every employ is required to enter daily the exact time he comes to the office in the morning. It was noticed as somewhat remark able that everyone signed his name as having come punctually at, nine a.m. In. order to .test the correctness of these entries, a watch' was-plaeed one . morning, when it was fonnd that only three out of the whole number came at the hour named, the remainder , arriving at ten, -fifteen, and thirty minutes after nine, and several as late as "ten. It is needless to say that they have been more punctual since, j .r: ,v, A boat accident occurred on Corio Bay on Mon day afternoon, about five o'clock. It appears -(says the Geelong Advertiser ) that Mr Pearson, senior, andiMr Pearoag/weteiablnit to start on aicotMe fishing excursion actpto the hay in their pleasure skiling boat, the Ivanfioq,_when a one-legged man, whose name is unknown, but who is supposed to -be a visitor from Baliarat, proposed to accompany them. The three rnen started and :weje sailing about 200 yards beyond tlie' Eastern Baths; when just as'- they were tacking ' round, tbe one-legged man-lost ids balance. As be was falling over the tide of the boat Mr Pearson tried to save him, but lost his balance also, and tbe result was that the bogt jiajmred j»t)d_tbe lhm> mra jrere pitched into the water. Luckily the weather was fine, tfie boat would not smk,.-and soLhey held on to the side/railing lustily for -help. Their -cries attracted -the attention of the sons of; Mr A Douglass and his. nephews, -who. iuyipened to be-startingtoa pull, and (hey at 'once proceeded to the -resciie. The men were token ashore littleor none the worse of their immersionan3 their boat was subsequently towed alongside the baths- and baled out. ; The number of families that keep- passing here, en route tor the W iminera (says theKiora correspon dent of the Hamilton Spectator), is astonishing, for I witnessed In fqur days hot less tfiqn eixteen teams of different descriptions, with their -living freight, driving before them cattle, - horses, and sheep. One old lady — who, I am sure, will be gladly received by her nearest neighbor — was driving about fifty goats of the Hungarian description ; and so as hot to lose any of their number, .she was carrying three kids in her arms with every possible care. .r " ' ;; 