THE OPERA . "SEMIRAMIDE" Chief amongst the successes of tbe present opera season must be ranked the gorgeous opera of " Semiramide," which in all the bravery of new scenery, dresses, and stage appointments, and all the resources of the full chorus and or chestra, was placed before a Ballarat audi- ence for the first: time last evening at the Royal, and was a most brilliant and unqualified success. The argument of the piece is that Semi- imide, Queen of Babylonia, whose husband has been some two seasons dead, i6 about to appoint a successor to the throne of Assyria. Her choice falls upon Arsace, a young commander of her army, who returns from successful conquest in the Caucasus just when the people are holding a festi val in honorof Belus. their god. -Arsace is in love with a maiden named Azemn, the Queen's daughter, whom he rescued from savage plunderers, and bore from the ravisher's grasp. For the hand of Azeiua, as " well as the title to the throne, there is another aspirant, the haughty Prince Assurus, who proclaims himself king ; bat his pretensions are overthrown by Semiramide, who names Arsace as her successor, and declares, to his consternation, that he shall be her spouse. So unexpected and undesired an honor as the Qneen's love overwhelms young Arsace with con- . fnsion, which is heightened when Semiramide con fers Azemfl'e hand upon Idreno, an Indian. chief. But relief comes to Arsace from tbe sepulchre of the dead monarch Kinus, whose ghost appears, and, declaring .that 'Arsace shall be king, invites him first to descend into the tomb, there to hear of foul crimes lo be avenged. . In the next scene we . 'find the Queen and Assurus upbraiding each other for their part in the late king's death; and Oroe, the chief of the magi, then reveals to Arsace that he is the son of Ninus, who died by poison at the hands of Assur and the Queen. Arsace, horror- stricken at the discovery that Semiramide, who holds such guilty affection for him is his own mother, and his beloved Azema his sister, resolves to punish the traitor Assnr, and leave the Queen tu tlte mercy of the gods. In an interview with , Semiramide, hq exhibits to her the dying declaration of the king, made to his. fflithful Phradates, that his perfidious spouge hod planned his death. The Queen, overcome ' with remorse at her crime,- and shame at her gniltv passion for.her son, desires him to kill her. and soavenge his'father'sdeath. Arsace, however, leaves her to the" anguish of her thoughts, and seeks the sar<x)phatras-of Ninns, and is followed thither by Assurus, who reaches the sepulchre by a secret passage, with the fell design of murdering young Arsace at, tbe very tomb of his father. Semiramide,. hearing of Assurus design, descends intoxhe tomb to save -her son from the assassin, and in the confusion which fallows, Arsace — being called upon by' the oracles to avenge the . kSng's.death and strike the traitor — is unable to see dearly in the_ gloomy /vault, and his weapon pierces theheartOfhis mother.On discovering what he has done, he " would put an end- to his own- existence, but is prevented by the .pepple, who <cany him' -in triumph. . "to _ higron. while Assur is borne' ; iwky ' ib" execution. Of Rossini's great work, as placed upon the stage last night, we are compelled to peak in the highest /laudatory "terms — bdt/so much of its intrinsic- merits as a musical: .compoatioo,.!Jthat bring a point wliich has/becm loDg/rinee settled, and needing notr our testimony to the genius of ko . great a inaster cf . classical music, hirfc what we have morq ihimcdiaiidy to .dq wiih isjthe manner in which . jhe (opera has befen presented to us ; and certainly the most - critical could rake but little exception Tto the performance of last evening. The. bnfcesti, with Signor Zriman at itsrhead, played the brilliant over ture in iL tnanner which aroused: from the. 'first: 'the attention of the andiepioe, and gained their plaudits at its the curtain rose pbn the magnificent «cene rith Which the opera opens. there was sppntaus burri; pf ? applause ® Ae nroetrate witwshipperswereobsierved in the templeof Brius, and tlio Chief of iheiMagi (SgnocTioram), otatriy figure In priestly robes, was leading the choral service. ' The«itry«f riavesMtfa offerings placed at the foot of the shrine where the sacred tire was burmi ahdithe armed «rriore in atten- \- daiwithlhesteknari<MyhedwoMtopMS, made up mpfctSre yehose oolonog was hrigfitened, and mtat:CTb«iced, by Jthe theim- ficently-dressed «»a hiartial- looking Asenr (Signor Dondi), and Idreno4 a prince of the indies%(Bignqr Coy); butWhen Stgra FoImieiasSemiramide, made her: appearance, there was an unaiumqus outburst of npjalause to welcome the pnma dormN who, in iier ridi robes of istat aad denteanor,Uo(dted«y?; .queen. „ ae entrance bf- ora fa5, asc Araace, was . the signal for anotiiCr pro flattering de monstration: ou,y 'wtis arrimito uirksW fKnlar app«M- lion oh eevenl\0di? evemng. . Indeed, w© only express the opinionsiif all who were about us in skying, that Srgnora Magi could net appear .Jo greater advantage than in her character of Arsace. She dresses well for it, and is well qualified to sing the music of the part, whicli she did to perfection last niglit ; and in the charming duet with Polmieri, " Ebben a te ferisci," both performers were rewarded with a perfect ova tion, and were compelled to respond to the encore after they had gathered up the cream of a-nur- .sery in. bouquets. Palmieri, was equally suc cessful especially in the caVatina " Bel raggio," and, herperfect mastery of the difficulties of the fori turd passages was never more admired than on this/ possibly the last occasion on which we shall have the pleasure of listening to a very accomplished artiste. . Signor Coy was, as usual, in fine voice, and sang with freedom and good effect ; while Signor Dondi was almost majestic in his -recitative deliverance. Signor Fiorani was an able Chief of the Magi, and the principals were well-supported by die chorus. ' .The beautiful accompaniments were brilliantly played ; and, on the whole, ire "have-'.jieYer wit nessed a better production in the colony. The scenic artist, Mr 'Gust ; the stage manager, Mr Beaumont ; and the mechanist, Mr, F. Smith, must be copiplimented upon the very complete manner in whicli all the scenic effects were pre- sen ted/ vSome of jliem . being . simply magnificent, taking" the gorgeous dresses'also into consideration! ,It is almost a pity that 14 Semiramide"" was not produced earlier. In the season, as it drew a very good House last "night, and wonid well bear repeti tion. To- night ife the last opportunity for those who would -patronise the opera, when' " Mosfe in Egitto" -will Ik? performed. 