To Ilie Bitter End, BY M.JBS BRADDON. ' Stanmore and Edgware ! A new acquaint ance,' thought Western, who3e only knowledge of that nobleman wasob&ined; from the Peer age and the Morning Post. He had an idea that Stanmore and ii'dgware was elderly, and had never done anything to add lustre to his title, except condescend to exist. ' Humph !' he said, not displeased to find that he was to hobandnob with a peer, not a horse-racing ot insolvent nobleman, but a respectable land-, owner. ' Lord Stanmore has a place near here, 1 suppose?' 'No, sir; his lordship's cstate3 are in the North, sir. His lordship was stoppin' at Lord J eigh's for the 'untin,1 ttefore Christmas, and his lordship has been here never senee. ' The butler gave a faint cough, not without some kind of significance, which puzzled Wesfcon a little. But of coarse it was only the man's elation at hairing ministered so long to the peerage. Weaton went up stairs to dress, and arrayed hin»3el£ with a little more cxre than iisaal ; put on his favourite boots, find a shirt with Valenciennes medallions which U« deemed invincible ; his studs were black enamel skulls with diamond eyes ; the parting of his hair was perfection. Never had he felt better satisfie . with himself, with his arched instep, his moustache, with all his small graces, than as he went down the wide oat staircase where unwonted parterres of scented geranium and stephanotis regaled hie nostrils as he went ' Tommy loves a lord,*' he said to himself with a cynical grin. ' I suppose my poor uncle is not cxe opt from that pardonable weakness of humanity.' There was only three persons in tlie drawing room when he entered— his uncle, Augusta, and a tall bald-headed man with grey' moust achios, who stoid with his back to the fireplace. Mrs. Harcrosa was seated in a low chair oppo site the fire, holding a spangled fan between her face and the blaze of the logs piled on the wide old. fashioned hearth. She wore crimson camellias in ker hair and in the bosom of her gauzy black dress, the first gleam of colour that Weston had ever seen her wear since her husband's deith ; and the gentleman with the gray nioustachios was bending down to speak to n r, witu suca an air ot cnivairous devotion as may have distinguished King Arthur in the days when Guinevere was true, and the serpent had not yet entered the sacred circle of the Icing's chosen knig-hts. The attitude, the look, the tone, revealed all tr- Weston Vallory's vapid comprehension. The star of hope shot downward to abysses un fathomable, never to rise again. Before he vent to his comfortable bachelor bedroom in the western wing, he had learnt the worst. His uacle told him everything over a bottle of claret when the earl and his satellite Captain Pur fieat had left the dining-room, only lingering a Xe-.v miautea after Augusta's departure. ' It was uot a thing I cared to write about,' said Mr. Tallory. ' They have only been en gaged three weeks ; but from the day we first met Lord Stanmore at a hunting breakfast at Swueleigh, the business was settled. It was a ' ca?e,' as you fast young men say. Augusta ?'as very much disinclined t- hear of such a thing ; bat ! felt that in an affair of this kind ':er opposition must bs borne down— an es tate like Stanmore and Edgware, improving in value every year, miles of building ii-ontasres on the outskirts of the most populous towns in the North, coal mines, slate quarries and a man of blameless character, — thirty years or so her senior, I grant; but weknjwby the experience c:£ mankind tkit these marriages, founded on r-. mutual esteem, and — aw, bran — the desire to consolidate a vast estate, are often the happiest.' ''XeV cried Westou, breaking in with a bitter laugh ; ' but if she had fallen in love with some poor devil of the same age, I wonder what you'd have called it ? A vicious infatuation, vhich argues— the sort of thing which lago Bays of D sdemona, you know; bat of course, as ho's an earl and the estate is all right, it's quite another matter.' ': I don't think that's a very genial way ot re ceiving my communications, Weston ; I thought you'd be naturally delighted. The match is really a brilliant one, the enrt of marriage 1 always dre .med of for my daughter, before her unfortunate aUiance with poor flarcross. And even you will profit by it; your status will l)i? not a little improved when you can claim cousinship with a countess. That sort of thing ought to be worth a thousand a year to a, man in your position ; to say nothing of the probability that you may get the Stanmore laud agency before long, and no end of leases and deeds of agreement.' ' 1 ought to bp amazingly grateful, 1 dare say,' replied Weston, ' but the dews is rather startling. I thought my cousin was a model widow, wedded to the dead.' ' Weston,' exclaimed Mr. Vallory, with se verity; I believe you're a radical !' So Augusta Harcross, ia duo time and with no unseemly haste, was translated into a loftier sphere, in which she knew not Weston, or only remembered him faintly at half-yearlyiutervals when she permitted his name to be inscribe! by some menial hand on one of her invitation cavds. Her bnsband's private secretary attended to these minor details. He had a book given him upon whose right-hand pages were inscribed the sheep, or exalted personages, who nvust be invited to all large assemblies, aud upon whose left hand appeared the obscure herd of goats, who were to be bidden once or so in a Benson, if convenient, Augusta had prime ministers and royal dukes t - dine with her in these latter days, und Weston attended receptions so crowded that he was fain to depart without having so much as caught a ' little look across the crowd' from his hostess and kinswoman. But he did in somewise console himself with the idea that he gained in social distinction by his cousin's ad vancement, and he received numerous applica tions fromacquamtances of hisown who wanted to obtain Lady Stanmore's influence for this or for that. It was a meagre consolation, but it was something. He had his dainty little villa at Norwood, his well-groomed horses, roses that were never permitted to suffer from the green fly, and he had all the keen delights of an ever-increasing business in Old Jewry. For some favoured creatures life seems all Ronshine. No shadow has darkened Olevedon Hall since the horror of Hubert Harcross's murder, and some new joys have come ,to brighten that pleasant home, Little voices sound gaily and little feet patter swiftly in i Ue corridors of Clevedon to tay, and in these latter years there are larger butterflies than 'Greeks 'or 'Trojans' ' Camberwell beau ties,' ' Peacocks' eyes,' or ' Painted ladies, ' to he seen hovering about the flower beds in the old fashionnd gardens. Sibyl Clevedon haB become Sibyl Hardwood, and brings her babies from Ttmbridge Wells every other day to c.'-- npare Tottie's new tooth with her cousin Lit tie's, or to inquire if Migey's symptoms in V-* opening stage of measles are as satisfac tory as those exhibited by Popsy in the same Disease. Happy English household, about v.bjcb there is so little to tell! The Colonel exists in a seventh heaven of grandpaternal rupture, which verges on senility. The Bun gilow brims over with babies — for are not ? Jp-l'scliiHren a kind of lef' handed grand 0 '' ''???'— n.' ' 'jiudninedfovo-.iritcc during these irruptions of the juvenile popu lation feel. themselves more orZessatja disadvan tage, Pedro snaps or spits his -displeasure ; the dogs retire under low chairs to growl at the invader; the mungoose disappears from human ken, to be found perhaps at nightfall, by Bome frightened housemaid, snugly coiled under the Colonel's duvet. The Colonel stuffs the little ones withcurrie bat, and Bombay, backs, wh:ch provoke unwonted thirst in these small epicures, and dried fruits from Afghan istan, and West Indian preserved ginger, and ministers to their, little appetites with all the art he knows ; for which reason lehgtbened visits to the Bungalow are apt to result in bilious attacks and the exhibition of doctor's stuff. Brierwood forfeited for ever by Bichard Redmayne's crime, had passed into the hands of the stranger. The de d of gift by which he bestowed Bulrush Meads upon his brother James has preserved the Gippsland farm from the grasp of the law ; but tae gray old Kentish homestead, with the red tiled roof that shone out warmly from the green background of au English landscape, has gone from the house of Medmayne for ever.* The day will c .me perhaps, distant yet, but dimly possible in the future: when Hick Red miynes's bonds may be loosened ; when, as a reward for unflinchii g- toil, and unvarying good conduct, the quiet submission of a repen tant sinner, who feels that his burden can never be too heavy for the measure of bis ofitence, he. may go forth' from the drear monotony of that prison island, an old man, with grizzled hair, and rugged deep.liued countenance, a man whose shoulders are bent with lung labour, go forth, free at the last, to that fairer, wider world for which is soul longs. Not to Brier wood, the lost home of sad in inories, the house haauted by his dead daughters ghost, the place whose gloomy influence well nigh drove him mad ; but to the ferti'e pluins and inland seas of Gippsland, to the mountains and th* water sheds where tall gum-trees shoot upward under the cloudless blue sky, where the ringing uote of the bell-bird sounds 'keen and clear in -the tranquil distance. ? . * The law is now more merciful : the property of a felon ia no longer escheated to the crowa THE END. 