QUEENSLAND. VISIT OF THE COADJUTOR- ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY AND THE SOUTHERN' BISHOf S TO IPSWICH. (Queensland Times). The arrival of the Coadjutor-Archbishop of Sydney, in company with hia brethren the JBishopa of the Southern Colonies, had been announced for Saturday evening, May 23rd, and it waa expected that they would have come up the river by steamer. A great many of the inhabitanta of the town were con sequently on the tiptoe or excitement during the afternoon, as it was intended tkat a public ovation should be made on their arrival at the wharf. During the afternoon, however, intelligence was. reoeived in town that the ven erable prelates would coma to Ipswich by road, and the programme was therefore changed. Shortly after 4 o'clock a procession of the girls attending the schoola of tho Sisters of Mercy at St. Mary's passed through the town and took up their station on Limestone Hill. The children ' were all dressed in white, and wore sashes oi! blue. A large number of the inhabitants of the town — on foot, on horseback, and in vehicles — also proceeded a little over Limeatoua Hill to wait for the arrival of the bishops. The Volunteer Band and the boys o£ St. Mary's School wore also in waiting. At about half- past 5 o'clock a nwmber of carriages were seen topping the hill in the distance, and in a few minutes the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, oi Brisbane, drove up in in a buggy, having by his aide the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, the other, bishops being in close attendance in a large two horse carriage. On driviDg up to the crowd, the bishops were received with cheers, and returned the salutations of the people by raising their hats and repeatedly bowing on all sides to to the crowd. A procession was then formed, the children of the acboolB taking the lead. A number of adulfca followed the children, and the Volunteer Band came next. Then followed the carriages in which the Bishops were seated, after which came several privata vehicles, and a number of horsemen brought up the rear. As soou as tke pro cession waB got in mjirohing order, the band struck up a quick march, and in a few miuutes the long column moved off for St. Mary's. As the procession moved down Brisbane-street, the footpaths were lined with people, and frequent salutations were exchanged by the bi--liopB with the crowd in passing. The procession passed through Bris bace-streefc, as far as West- street, where it turned off for St. Mary's. On arrival within the grounds, the people knelt down, and re* oeived the blessing of the Right Rev Dr. Qainu, bishop of the diocese of Brisbane Loud and continuous cheering then took placo, some of the crowd being exceedingly demonstrative in. their expressions of welcome. ||The b:ahops then .withdrew for a short dime. At half-paBt 6 o'clock Bishop Quinn, aceor»« panied by the Most Rev. Dr. VaugLun and the other bishops, entered the bandsotne litt.Ie church of St. Mary's and took their seats in front of the altar. The building was about half filled with people. Dr. Quinn said he was there for the purpose of introducing to them the Most Rev. i)i: Vaughan, Archbishop of Naiusi&BzuB; and CoaAju* tor-Arehbishop of Sydney ; and the Eight Be?. Pr, Mattbew Quiun, Bishop of Bathumfc ; .and the Kight Rev. Dr. O'Mahoney, Biah&p; of Armidale, They all knew who they were and for what purpose they had come among them. They had come to the town to ?pay a tribute of respect to the inhabitants* to ?wish prosperity to the people, to add dignity to the Church, and to bless the cause of religion and education amongst them. They had also eome to grace by their presence the ceremonies which were to take place on the following day ; and he was sure the Catholics of the district all knew well how to appreciate the honour con* ferred upon tketn. Mr. P. O'Sullivan then came forward and read an address, as follows : — 'May it please your Lordships, — An event which can be witnessed but seldom in the life* time, even of those who live to extreme old age, ka« brought your Lordships to thia eolony. ?? We, as subjects of this diocese and members «f the Church you rule, experience that delight in your coning among us, which ever charac terizeB the feelings of faithful Catholics on being biassed and honoured by a risit from devoted ?prelates, who, along -with being the watchful guardians of our faith and morals, are the re presentatives of onr Divine Mediator, our uner* ring guides, our »incerest friends in adversity as ?well as in prosperity. We appreciata more than language oaa express, nay, more than the heart or mind can conceive, the blessings of such a visit, although its effects may now be invisible to human eyes. We rejoice, for it is an un speakable pleasure to us, that so many prelates renowned for piety, learninp, self-denial, and sacrificing zeal, witness for themselves what are the real sentiments of Catholics in this colony. *? We regret exceedingly to inform your lord ships that a stain is, now for the first time in the history of our legislature, about to mar the fair fame of our Parliament, always remarkable for dealing oxit equal justice to all classes and to all creeds. Among the Acts of the Legislative .Assembly, in which we feel an honest pride, ihere will, it is feared, appear nn enactment depriving two -thirds of the people of Queens land of their just rights. Catholics will be the greatest ssffarers under this law. ' la the midst of thio painful state of things it will Ve consoling to your lordships to learn thafc we, counselled and guided by our ecclesias tical superiors, are determined, at all hazards and at all costs, to maintain our own schools and have them subject to you alone. Our own fathers in w«ree times than have fallen to our lot paid for one education along with bearing the unjust and heavy burdens laid upon them hy the State. We hope not to dishonour their rntttnories by being more cruel to our ?children thasn our parents were te us. ' Nor are we ignorant of the greatness of tho object— the laying of tke corner-stone of a new cfcuvent— -wbioh brought you to Ipswich, if Christian society ib to stand, the feueale jwrfeiott »f it must haya schools, -where a sound religious education can be imparted. The mother is the eye of the house, and if she $e corrupts the whole family will be wicked. »v e trust that l-eforo long there will be religious communities of men in every town of the colony who will take charge of of the education of the suiile portion, as the nuns take charge that of the female portion, «f out1 ming youth. It would lie vaiD for one generation to build cathedrals and churches without givimg a true religious training to the succeeding generation, for the tho children would quickly pull down the attifiees raised by their parents. 'In conclusion we express our unqualified attachment, obedience, and gratitude to jour lordships. Wishing 3'ou many happy years of usefulness among your p eople and the eternal glory hereafter. ' Signed on behalf of the Catholics of Ipswich aaid WeBt Moreton.' [Here follow the signatures.] Tho Most Key. Dr. Vattghan, in reply, said that in the name of the bishops present, and for himself, he thanked them moBt heartily for the Yory beautiful address they bad just presented to them, which was so full of profound and true thought. It had been with very great pleasure that they had visited Bris bane, where thoy had been received with the utmoat cordiality and kindness by all classes *f people. It was no Iea3 gratifying t« them to eoine further into the country and to find the same spirit of enlighten ment and progress pervade the masses which animated the people of the metropolis. It had been a grand and glorious sight to them to «ee, »9 the sun was just sinking in the heavens, on the rise of the hill before them, so many horse men and carriages, and such a multitude of people, with a band of kind friends — friends ?who, he believed, had come of their own ae e'ord — all assembled to meet them with a wel come so kind and so open, and to conduet them through the town to their beautiful church. Tho sight had been such that the bishop's hearts had been stirred within therri ; aud as for himself, but lately arrived in a neighbouring colony, it waa a matter of great delight to him, so far from home, to meet with a welcome such as he could hardly have expected from those even who had had an opportunity of knowing and loving him more. It only proved to him and to his brethren the power and the lovingness of their own mother Church, which united in one the hearts and affections of her people towards them, who uncUr God wero the successors of the ApostleB, and whose privilege it was to show to the people the light which made them free. He thanked them heartily as bishops and priests of God's own Church for that manifes tation of love aud affection towards them. When he proceeded one step farther in their addreBB-— to the reference to the stain. | which they «aid was imminent under the Legislature of the colony, he wished to be allowed to make a few remarks. He bad had the honour and privilege of becoming acquainted with the loading legislators of their colony, Those eminent statesmen had receiyed them so kindly, and showed anoh marks of enlightenment and true progress that he doubted if they could be capable of doing anything unfair or unjust to any section of tho community. That was his impression ; and he would simply add that he believed if this or that other change were about to be made it would be effected in the same kind, generous, and free spirit as that in which they had been met and welcomed by these eminent and loyal men. All that they sought was their own, and to stand on the same level with their fellowmen — shoulder to shoulder advancing the prosperity, the glory, the riches, and the name of that great colony in which they lived, and especially (if that portion of it represented by the beautiful town of Ipswich. It was a strange coincidence that when they came to speak of education they proceeded, as if naturally fol lowing in course, to refer to the nuns whose convent they were soon about to erect in their midst. He could say from his own experience that had any gentleman, not a Catholic, but possessed of sound common sense, been with him to visit the schools to which Bishop Quinn had taken him, 1 he must have admitted that no schools could be conducted on higher moral principles, or with better results than those conducted by these holy women, who, not for any mercenary motives, but for their love and attachmentto theChurch, Bpent : all their energies in teaching the young how to I livo not only for the present world, but for the next. No one could observe the modesty, the true Christian bearing, and the devotedness &f; these women, without being impressed with the good that must arise from their unceasing labours. He did sincerely hope that; the time was approaching — and at present the clouds were breaking, and the brightness was be coming more conspicuous — a time when men would see that nothing was more con ducive to the enlightenment of the people than Christian doctrine taught to Christian children in Christian schools where Christ him self was taught to the pupils. He would again thank them for their cordial welcome, and express, his happiness in meeting them. He would also refer them to the prospect of meeting with them on the morrow, a day which would be a golden day in that town, and one which would not soon be oblite rated from their memories. He thanked God for drawing them together, and keeping them in the true Church. He prayed God's blessing on their families, as well as on those who were gone, and that He would bestow on them all Ehat reward which they were bom into the ivorld to labour for and to receive. Master Thomas Fahey, on behalf of a deputa tion from the boys' school of St. Mary's, then read the following address ; — 'May ife please your Lordships, — We, |the boys attending- St. Mary's School, most repect fully thank your Lordships forjthe favour con rerred on us by your weleome vjsifc to Ipswieh; So great an event can seldom occur during ouv lives, and we therefore, although diffident of our ability to do so properly, desire not to allow bhls opportunity to pass without at least attemp ting to express the feelings of reverence and respect which we feel for the heads of the Catholic Church in Australia. ' We also beg to express our lasting sense of the obligations under which we lie to onr own renerable bishop, Dr. Quinn, for providing us with the means of acquiring a sound education, .10th secular and religious ; and hope that we ihall never make other than the best uses ef ibis, the greatest of gifts which ceuld be con 'erred on us, and never swerve from the tcach ngs of your Lordships and tho tenets of our Holy 3hurch. 'We beseech your Lordships to exhort our parents to make some sacrifices, if necessary, to mable our schools to be maintained, and there by to preserve for us sure safeguards of our faith md morals. ' The grand and imposing scene in which we md the happiness to take part to-day, and the ?till grander eeremonies to be witnessed to morrow, can never be effaced from our recolec ;ions, particularly aa we shall see the founda tion-stone laid of tho convent, which in future lays will be an ornament te our town as well is a treasure of usefulness, and to us a me nento of the eminent prelate by whom that 'oundafcion-stone was laid — the CoadjutorArch bishop of Sydney. ' We shall endeavour from henceforth to be more diligenb in our studies, end if possible more obedient and respectful to our teachers ind our good priest, and conclude by hoping ;hat your Lordships may for many years to come 3njoy life and health to guide the faithful of Australia, and *' llemain your Lordships' most ' Affectionate and Dutiful Children.' The Kight Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, in reply, said he was sorry he was Labouring under a severe cold, and could not jpeak at any length to them that evening. He bad felt truly stirred at the magnificent recep tion they had met with that day. In the two addresses which they had heard read be had found the same sentiments — the father declar ing that at all hazards they would have for their children a Catholic education, and the children begging the fathers to make any sacri fice that would enable them to obtain it. This was a matter of gratification to them all, but more especially to the bishops, as it was the only means by which they could obtain the end in viow ; and he believed thafc if they were determined to have it they would have it. They might perhaps have to wait and suffer some sacrifices for perhaps a year or tw© ; but in a free country like this he was confident that the timo would come when they must have their rights. With Archbishop Vaughan, he believed that the enlightened statesmen of that colony would not permit any such injustice to them and their children. He, too, had noticed and admired the kindness with which they had received them (the bishops) j and he believed thafc the friendliness which had been manifested to them as the heads of the Church was also meant totrards them as a people. He thanked the children for their beautiful address ; he hoped they would persevere in the sentiments it contained, and that whe» they should grow up to be men and women and become themselves the heads of families they would impress on their children the oentiments, in regard to which they now deBired them to counsel their parents. He hoped the blessing of God would rest on them and enable them to obtain a Catho lic education, and that their parents would if necessary make those sacrifices which they ask. The Right Eev. Dr. O'Mahoney, Bishop of Armidale, next addressed the meeting. He said the addresses presented had been replied to so ably and so admirably that there was little left for him to say save as to the subject of their visit and the manner in which they had been recieved. It was truly gatifyiDg to him to see the way in which they had shown their respect to the archbishop and the other bishops who were more or less comparatively strangers to them. Their reception had been extremely worthy of the Catholics of the place. These good men had come amongst them for a noble purpose, and he was proud to see that their warm Irish hearts and strong Irish faith had found expression in the way in which it had developed itself. As for himBelf hewas only their, neighbour, living just over the tidges beyond them a short distance, and be thought he should be on their side to thank the other bishops for honouring them with their visit. The bishop then went on to speak of the good worka which werefgoing ou in their midst— of their beautiful edifices for public worship, their convents, and their perfect network of schools, whei'e so much good was being done. He contrasted them with the less striking works going on in his own dis trict, and spoke of the pleasure he would have in carrying back to his people a report of how they laboured for their Church and for the edu cation of their children in the true tenets of their faith. Benedictiou, in which the Eight Eev. Dr. Qainr, Ee?s. A. and M. Horau, and Padre Capra cook part, concluded the proceedings. THE SUNDAY SBKVICES. On Sunday a very crowded congregation assembled in St. Mary's to hear the Coad juter- Archbishop of Sydney, and take part in the lay ing of the foundation stone of St. Bridget's Convent. Solemn Pontifical High Mass commenced at 11 o'clock, the celebrant being the Eight Eev. Dr. O'Mahony, Bishop of Armidale. The Eev. George i-\ Dillon, of Sydney, - was assistant priest ; the deacon and sub-deacon were the Eevs. Matthew and James Horan, and Padre Capra, was master of ceremonies. The Bishop of tke diocese was present in the Sanctuary. The music of the Mass was very beautifully rendered by a select choir. After the last Gospel the Coadjutor- Archbishop preached a most effective sermon, taking his text from that portion of the Acts of the Apostles proper for the solemnity of Pentecost, THE SERMON. The Archbishop took for his text these words from the Acts of the Apostles, ' I will pour out of my Sprit upon all flesh' (Acts ii., 17); and he said : My Lord BiBhop of Brisbane, my Lords, and dearly beloved brethren, — It is a difficult thing to treat adequately of the great subject which occupies our thoughts to-day ; for it has to do with a supernatural action of the Almighty Spirit, which in its far-reaching power and its vast significance exceeds the capacity of the finite intelligence of man fully to comprehend and adequately to convey to others. Still, let us, reverently and with due humility, fix our minds upon it, and, with the assistance of the comforting Spirit, do that which in us lies to draw from it such lessons as may be of service in confirming our faith and raising our minds towards heaven. The text i which I have brought before your notice is found in the second chapter of the Acts, and waB quoted by the great Prince of tho Apostles from the Prophet Joel to prove to the multi tudes which hung upon his lips that ' Jesus of Nazareth waa a man approved of God' through 'the miracles and wonders and signs' which he wrought amongst the people. Indeed, the vivid picture which is presented to us in this Becond chapter of the Acts ofjjthe ApostleB is bat the foie?asting of the future — is simply a type of a state of things which was to come, manifesting the power of God's Spirib over men, aud giving in one ex ample a sign of the work which had to be wrought out in nil things to conic by the holy Apostolic Church of God. Let us for a momeafc briefly «xainino the salient points which present themselves in this first picture of the newly founded Church. Tho Apostles, for fear of the Jews, had assembled in au upper room, aud were waiting ' altogether in one place' for the Promised One who was in oee shape or other to visit them. 'Suddenly there came a Bound from heaven as of a, mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting.' And behold, together with thia startling phenomena, there sat on tho forehead of each one of them burning forks of spiritual fire, parted tongues as it were of glowing flame. The brightness and light which thus visited them one and all were but the external em blems of that divine illumination which took possession of their hearts and enlightened their intellects. The life giving Spirit in thus taking visible possession of each, of them — in thus making each of them His own — created a revo lution in the kingdom ot their beings such as the world had never seen before, aud established a throne in their consciences such as alone could be set up by the supernatural power of the great almighty God actfng on the frail flesh and half-broken spirit which He had fashioned pure in the beginning. Men who had left Christ in His distress and on the day of heavy trial now are made as giants ready to run the way of His most difficult com wiandmenttt-— men who before had been filled with doubt and misgiving now^na^^^f strong as if it were a vieion '? n I 1 fui^ this time had shrunk from Z \Z\7ho u*- to persecution or ridieule now MT ,i iPam b* cheerful countenance and win, 1^ 1? dy witi- suffer all things ; „£, to court tt^V' martyr's death in witness to the reLE? °f 6 Christ, and to the truths of tW *^r.rectl°u of He came on earth to set on foot |tl Whi°h I some of the marvels and revolution* 1 ^ere i the minds of the twelve by th ? ted ia i courage, vigour, and illumination VhichS °! been spread abroad in their hearts A 1 lad than this, they were invests^ win, »-i, ? ' m°r« gift of tonguls. H?y tiTTe'nTf fm the favours of ^JLVS^t^^M position to manifest to the world aSanS tfc * some portion of the gifts which Zi *,hem ceived : (- Apd they were all fill 1 fY ^iv'' Holy Ghostfand tVy' began toipelfw^ divers tongue*, according as the Hdv Pk \ [ gave them to speak.' Turn now £ y ho3fc to theconditio^of Jerusalem Sftti p^Tff whole world, or at all events the vJTl ££L- of it, had been drawn to the city.W f for T very purpose ot witnessing this miv»i.l« Y testifying to its reality byno5un?J m 0 /* sive than their own personal exSXnce I?'' were ' Parthians, and MedesfS iijt? and inhabitants of Meaopotamia Tnrfi h Oappadoda , Pontus andP aS ' 'lAl H Pampbilia, Egypt, and the parts Tt-k about Cyrene, and strangers 5 ^ Rome ^ also and proselytes, Creies and Ar biat' besides representatives, no doubt, of Sv 1 other nationalities not made menti™ y- I by St. Luke. Now this vast ancl mu UuLu° concourse not only cau be divided by U8 b! have absolutely ? dwided themselves, in 0 tWo ' great classes : those who believe and those 2 ?° *?*?«. ImaSme for yourselves, dearly he j loved,, the twelve Apostles leaving the AI I of their upper chamber and presenting 2 I selves m their new characters before the crowd ! ing nationalities which were pressing arnZ I them. Watch them as they 'be iu feto I with divers tongues according a3 the HoW 1 Ghost gives them to speak. See the effect ml I the multitude : observe how « confounded i0 I mind they appear as they gaze at each other I in astonishment; how they are 'amazed and I wonder because every man ef them hears tha I Apostles speaking- in hia own tongue. if Behold ' I they exclaimed, 'are not all them that I speak Galileans ? And how have we heard every f man our own tongue wherein we were born ? We 8 have heard them speak in our tongues the I wonderful works of God. And they were all 1 astonished and wondered, saying one to another i What lneanoth this ?' Such, deariy-beloved' I was the natural effect upon a mixed multitude i of the supernatural manifestation of the Spirit of God speaking through the human organs which he had chosen. All wondered 5 some, indeed very many, believed; ' bnt others mocking said, These men are full of new wiue.' What many acknowledged to be the evident will of God, others declared to be the result of a debauch. Whilst sctoe recoguiied the ia« 1 fluence of the spirit of wisdom and the gift of 8 tongues in the Apostles, others saw nothing bat 1 the evil effect of too much drink ; what to one. m class was a sign of a heavenly gift, to the 9 other was a token of hliotcy or folly a brought about by the odious vice of excess. Hi\y 1 did the Apostles bear with this open mockery ? w The spirit of God taught them what they were B toaay, aud who waa to say it. For 'Peter, m Btanding up with the eleven, lifted up his voice B and spoke to them : Ye men of Judea, and all n you that dwell in Jerusalem, be this known to m you, and with your ears receive my words ; for m these men are not drunk, as you suppose, seeinj m it is but the third hour of the day.' Then the i Prince of the Apostles went on to explain tha jf principal articles of the faith of Christ ; whilst B he deigned to take notice of the attack of the K scoffer and the mocker, and to treat the a strong-minded men of infidelity with the a charity of a follower of the Cross, be boldly I and uncompromisingly laid down tho luff 9 of life to tho Jews, and did not shrink from tax. B ing them with the death of tbo Son of God. g ' Ye men of Israel, hear these words : Josua g of Nazareth, a man approved of God among g you by miracles and wonders and signs, whioh ffl God did by Him in the midst of yon, as you M also know ; this same being delivered up by the g determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ffi you by tho hands of wicked men have cruciwA g and slain.' With power did tho Apostle speak; 1 the graoe of God was with him : and wheu the g multitude had heard him out «? they had com. g punction in thoii- heart . , ? and they g received his word and wero baptized ; andtbera g wore added in thafc !day abonfc three thonsaud g soula.' Now, this picture of Peter speaking M | the nations of tho world, and speaking m» | th© uncompromising severity aud articulateuoBi g of truth, has been repeated in every ago 01 w g world since the Church begun ; and tho say g characteristics have ever distinguished tho mm- | titudes of the world. There have always been | tho hardened, the stony-hearted, and the inuui | , in tho ono extreme ; and tbo easy-going wiw g , tian, who does not care to analyze or; to w | any argument, but prefers to follow *«--» g - peculiar bent,' in the other. Superstibon ari g , and incredulity have each of thorn had a iar | number of votaries ; whilst between these* | J extremes a still larger number of men are ' | found, who uso tho roason which Oofl JJ» ?» ? , H them and do not altogether stiflo the die tn ttj«f | . conscience. Such as those harken to in ? ' d « 6; God, ancl , with His grace, allow it to be engi | (, into the substance of their spirits j an^ | n chosen onos amongst them are roauj » p down their livo in witness of the nui g ft is within them. Now what Peter ^ f | ol successors havo over done ; 101 » , ^ m nf Holy See with the Pope as «-™*&to;#* I R the thousand bishops of the Church J | M union with him, but the college of »» tgtW | toi expanded throughout the world j' » ^ g -; — r'~TlT^7iiold out the torch of illninina promise »d bnfc thafc 8&me; paraolefcQ who ?D nded ot the twelve upon the day of Penfce descenuti ^ ^ thre8 fchoasand who werQ fised in the name of Jeans Christ at Peter's P i hnfc the first fruits of those myriads who i Le wore to be gathered into the one fold ''Drt Stv shepherd^of onr souls ? .Follow the ° Xe of the successors of St. Peter to this j v read their history, note how and in what ? the? have spoken to the world— especially ?Tr«oftrial--and you will find that the old in- Zi0 .riven in the Acts of the Apostles is ever Pi faithfully reproduced, and that the same In points are visible in all. Take the very ?! in which wo live— the day of material pro Is of liberty and prosperity, of the nine s' 1 c0ntury— and the old picture stands oufc tC Mnarlv indeed if possible more vividly repro d c 5 than ever. There is Peter on his holy ionntain in the chosen city still teaching the nrld and with distinct utterance laying down Jhe law of Ufa aQcl fcru^h ; far and wide OVer tbe !rth are spread the bishops and the priests, who wo expanded, and from an upper room filled the whole world. There are the inultitndes still ?'amazed and wondering' afc kis words; some mocking, others ' wondering and saying one to other 'What meaneth this P' whilst others, .ran at this moment, are ' receiving the word,' and will 'persevere in the doctrine of the ApOBtles, and in the communication of the breaking of bread, and in prayers.' Yes, dearly beloved, and whilst we love to dwell upon these pictures of the Ghristiaa polity which thus present themselves, all as pointing to the one suparnaturally-organized Church of God on earth, in vain do we seek elsewhere for the faintest approach to a resemblance. Blessed bo God that he has allowed us to be born in the true inheritance. Let us be true to oar high and glorious' calling ; let us ever thank Him for His gracious mercy in bestowing upon m bo pric8les3 a privilege— one of which, others who possess it not, did they possess it would make so much better use than ourselves. Let us with all humility do what lies within us to manifest to the world, by tbe example and teneur of oar lives, that Christ has not been naer oiful to hs in vain ; but that we not only prize the matchless gift, but would be overjoyed to share it with others who possess it not. And let us one and all love Jesua Christ. You, dear friends, who may not have been bora in the anoientf aith, look up apon the Author aad Finisher of Faith, on our tender and compassionate Lord , love Him, follow Him ; ask his Holy Spirit f»r light to see with, and graoe to follow what you see ; and the day will aurely come wheninHi3 meroy we Bhall all of us sea Him face to face, and taste of all the delights and sweetness of His glory. Then shall we tiuly kuow the Father, and the only-begotten Son, and the gracious and comforting Spirit ; tken shall me see St. Peter and the great Apostles who stood up with him when he raised kis voice on the day of Pentecoat and all those holy ones of God of wkom we bavo ?ead ia this life, and have loved for their gener ous deeds and pure aad loving hearts. Then shall we all fiud rest and peace ; aud sorrow and mourning and doubt and anxiety shall hare pissed away for evermore. In the evening the Archbishop preached again and took for his text the words, ' And I John saff the holy city, the now Jerusalem, coming dpwn out of heaven from God' (Apocalypse, chap, xxi., versre 2) . The most reverend prelate drew a picture of the vastness, the wickedness, aud the power of the Somau empire and emper era, and showed how the Sovereign Pontiffs and the universal church supplanted, with a supernatural triumph, this greatest creation of the will and ambition of man. He then ex horted the people t» be worthy in as far as they could of the virtue, purity, and sanctity of the church to which they belonged. After the sermon the Rev A. Horan an '. nouueed that the collection originally intended to be made in the church for the new convent would take place at the site itself where the foundation stone wag to be laid by the Arch bishop, lest any suspicion of pressure should exist. THE bAYIKO OF T.HE STONE. A procession was then formed, and the whole rongregation moved to the hill above the church where the new convent is to be erected. The ?olIoctwQ, purely voluntary, was headed by the whop of the diocese with the very munificent | donation of £200 ; the Sisters followed with a subscription of £300. Large sums were sub ped by Father A. Horan, Messrs O'Suilivan, wry, Lollis, and others, and realized before the Jlose about £1109, principally in cash offer 1DS». Great spirit was manifested throughout, 7 br.lsk cheering followed the announcement JJph sum laid down. Messrs. O'Sullivan, ',.1M' ,and others were very activo in se , nQingthe vig0l.ous exertions of their pastor 'Betting in u16 amounts. At tho conclusion 'We collection, the Archbishop, attended by 1 \1P *!'' Father Dill0». aQd Fathers James Z« j 0W Horan' blQSsed the fonndafcion iMnn *U returned to tho chnrch, in the :, 7 Passional order as they came. i .ttt?' ? , followe-3J and was very largely JjtoJ. The health' of his Holiness* her Ma Bishon t n Tlsitors were proposed by tho ceiveri m, bane» aud enthusiastically re very « /? VolHnteer Band acquitted itself thanUi y afterwar-3s, and was warmly Horan pppplanded ab fcho reqaQst of Father '' r-rM Of Ipswich. iil-?alei xOf Palms iQ Paris on Palm Sunday 67 eW ? ? Prod'ce over £1000. There are the b I w the caPital- and ™und eaoh of naliro -; uk leasfc 30 veudors of palm, who Precinn. ♦ y SQlling in sprigs a bundle of tbe for io3 rn,° bouShfc by them in the markets obtain *-no u8Q ~)(^ marckands de rameav.x 'Pbvthftfl ? y the saIe' aud tho re8fc is raado Profitahi ''-SLs and costermongers. Tho most Madelrino ^S^ourhoods are those of the toiree Scl ^neustin, Notre Dame des Vic i ouu &t;, .Koch. 