LITY AND A CONTEMPT for colonial authority was displayed, by Captain Costello, of the American BHIP Arcturus, on Monday night. A warrant of commitment hadbee'n issued, against Mr. Ayres, the mate, in default of his paying a sum of £9 5s. to a Sand'ridge tailor. Tbe water police went off to her about 11 o'clock at night to execute the warrant. Three of the constables were assisted over the ship's side to their boat by means of a " boatswain's chair." The. senior- constable was given the option of walking down the ladder or being lowered, and he preferred to . walk. The police authorities were informed of the resistance offered to the water police, and the pilots were instructed'not to take charge of the ship. Mr. Adamson was communicated with also, and on Tuesday afternoon he wrote a letter to the captain, which the police took ott board. Captain Costello offered no further obstruction, and as he would not pay the amount in question, the mate was brought on shore and lodged in the Williamstown lock-up, en route to the Melbourne gaol. In tbe morning, while the police were communicating with the Crown law officers, and Mr. Adamson, the consul, the captain made an effort himself to pilot the ship down the Bay, but ingloriously failed. He first ran her aground on the St. Kilda Spit, an 1 when a tug steamer had got the vessel off into deep water again, after a couple of miles were got over, he Had to cast anchor. It is possible that further inquiry will be made into Captain Costello'a conduct, as he informed the police that he was acting under the advice of his consul in resisting. ABOUT 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning, a fire broke out in Market-street, Emerald Hill, on the premises of Mr. Griffin, which at tbe time were unoccupied. The fire spread to the next house, in -which Mr. McLennan resided. Mr. Griffin was insured for £150, but Mr. McLennan was uninsured. REPRESENTATIVES from the Greensborough Road Board waited, upon the Commissioner of Railways, and Roads on Tuesday, and asked that their district might not be joined to the Whittlesea Road Board, to form a new shire, as was proposed in tbe Local Government Bill, as there was no ftommoD interest between them, and their natural boundaries precluded proper inter-communication. Mr. Gillies held out no hope of altering matters as they stood; as it was necessary to do away with very small separate districts. A MAN whose name is unknown, and who, it is believed, is a lunatic, escaped from the Yarra Bend Asylum, has been frightening women and children at Hawthorn and the neigbourhood by going about enveloped in a sheet and personating a ghost. One young girl named Brooltfield, a servant, was BO frightened by his antics and appearance that she had a succession of fits and had to be sent home. The man has since then, it is said, been found drowned in a waterhole, at Boroondara. DIPHTHERIA has earried off another victim at Coburg. On Tuesday afternoon, a daughter of Mr. Greenwood, between three and four years old, died from this disease, and it is painful to state that Mr. Greenwood has his eldest daughter laid down with, the same complaint. It is a question whether or not the State school will be closed for a short time, as three deaths have occurred within the last fortnight. A DEPUTATION from the Brighton Borough Council had an interview with the Solicitor- General on Tuesday, and asked for a sum of money (£600) to repair the local oourt-house, the borough council offering to. contribute £200. Mr. MacDermott said the building, was handed over to the council under contract that it was kept in repair, and available at all times for business. He was, however, willing to effect a compromise, and would be ready to contribute one-half of the cost, the council. finding the other moiety. This arrangement was accepted by tbe deputation, and the interview terminated. AT the City Court, on Tuesday, JSdmund Telford Gedye, a tobacconist at Richmond, was charged on summons with receiving a quantity of tobpcco .and cigars, to the value of about £200, "knowing the same to have, been stolen from the premises of Charles Partridge, a tobacco merchant carrying on business in Russell-street. Mr. Sturt, previous to the case being heard, inquired whether there was any evidence against the defendant except that to be given by the prisoners already undergoing sentence. On being answered in' the negative, Mr, Sturt decided to dismiss the case, as he thought it would be a bad principle to adopt to bring a case against a person who had'been principal witness for the Crown in a criminal charge against men who were con yjoted. A. HEAVY . storm buret upon 'the city on Tuesday about- 1 o'clock, inundating the streets and flooding the channels. TENDEBS for the,completion of the second seotion of,,the open aqueduct between the YanYean and Preston reservoirs—a continu- ation of Messrs. Evans and ChristopherBon's contract, which wis cancelled by the Government, have been opened by the Board of Land and Works. There were eight tenders |n all, and the lowest were—for stone, J. Stewart; £45,733; and for brick, J. Cakebread, £34,139 9s. Mr. Anderson said that he Would not announce tbe acoeptance of any tender until he had considered the relative ^neriti'6f both. ... ,.-.ii 1 . ON Sunday afternoons number of lads made their way into tbebar-of the Abboteford^ Hotel, Johnston-street; Collingwood, and, on being remonstratedwithSby-the,lanaiady.theybesether, and would-in all • probability have iujured her.' had^riie -npt callid out to her husband, who -was^it? one -of .the-roo'ms up- stains."" The landlord managed t* v I out of the house, but wffihS S they assaulted him. Some S L " 1 ^ came to WB assistance, and tRfe* M off. Whil* ( this Waceful o e S l H ^enacted, a policeman Was I AT tbe Ci ty Polioe Court on the IIH, • .1 Benjamin Steiohoff was charged deserted his wife at Inglewood with the abduction of a.youno oiri ic ®M old, from tbe same locality. DetoctiAV^I stated that he arrested Steinhoff the steamer Hero, bound for New 2 1? J just as she was about to start from ihla? I ride Railway Pier on ThursdayThs'J* girl was with Steinboff, and on to™ v* I the carpet bag which Steinhoff hafl ^ S her things were found with some of h!f 7? the application of Detective BerrillX. " cused wftfi Z6D2ELod6d for SBven d&va; A SECOND trial of the Burleigh rock drill I rng machine, imported by Messrs. jZ. Service and Co., has taken place at them? I mises of tbe Langlands Foundry OomMm Flinders- street west, in the presence oftk. I Commissioner of Public .Works, the IMC I tor-General of Public Works, and other gentlemen. The result was hieM/ satisfactory. Holes l|in. in diametwlZ drilled in a block of solid bluestone at tk rate of over 3in. deep per minute. AT the Williamstown Police Court on tin 11th iust., 14 persons were proceededagainst by the police, under instructions from th« local school board of advice, for not secdint their children to school for, at least, 60 dam during the half-year ending 30th June last, One of the defendants proved that the hoj 1 in respect to whom he was summoned above the age of 15, and another claimed eiernption for his child on the plea of Bieknesi. These cases were dismissed. Two persons' ! who adduced circumstances in mitigation,' were fined Is. each, with 2s. 6d. coats; and | tbe remaining 10 were each fined 2s.' fii with 2s. 6d. costs. They were cautionedthsl a heavier penalty would attend a repetitionol j the offence. i THE Melbourne correspondent of the Star ! states that Mr. George Lansell has purchase! j the Toorak estate, which will shortly be cut I up into allotments, and that a well-know, hotelkeep'er of Melbourne shares to a oowiderable extent in the purchase. IT has been determined to hold a meeting of the subscribers of the Athen&um; on the 21st October, to determine whether the institution shall be open on Sundays or not. A MEETIKQ was held on Saturday evening,, at the Trades' Hall, of the Tanners' Association ; Mr. J. C. Carter being in the chaii. The, workmen, it will be remembered, Jul been on strike for the past week or two, their object bejng to get their daily labour reduced to eight hours. It was announced that sinoe the strike oommenced the following masters had consented to grant tbe concession asked by the men, namely:—Messrs, Twycross, Smith and Westwood, Cooper, Marks Brothers, and Alston and Spence, all of Flemington; and Mr. J. W. Seowe, ol Brunswick. It was also reported that > meeting had taken place between delegates from tbe association and the masters, when the latter, had said they would not recognise, the rules of the society, and the delegates had given them to understand that the result must be a fight between labour and capital. THE " window blind.of the period'' js the latest novelty in Venetian blinds. The laths aTe made of corrugated metal, whioh is thin, durable, and elegant. Tie. colouring doei not blister, and the laths do not warp a! those of wood do. The patent blind has also tbe advantage of occupying only one-half the : Bp ace of the wooden hlind when fully drawn up. It is also said to be fire- proof. THE second annual report of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society has been issued. After referring to other sutyeotai the report states that, during the year there, were 221 applicants for aid, of whom 144 were assisted, out of which latter number 17 were reconvicted after receiving help. The report contains no financial statement. THE E. and A. mail steamer Jeddah left, very hurriedly about 4 a.m. on Saturday. It is said that the reason for this sudden depw> ture is owing to a writ having been issued against the vessel for her share of the general average on the cargo brought round. Al an instance of what despatch oau be used here in preparing ships for sea, the Age mentions that the Jeddah was docked ,on Thornday, and after receiving 4Q0 tons of coal, from Messrs. Hugh R, Reid and Co., the painters went to work, and by 2 p.m. on Eri*\ day had scrubbed her fairly clean, and given her a coat of paint from top-gallant rail to keel, and her bottom two coats of compoai- 1 tion. THE City Bench on Monday sentenced Duncan Rankin to one month's imprisonment for stabbing a milkman named Frost some-two or three weeks ago.. Rankin, it will be remembered, has been several times remanded by the Bench, in .order that he might procure witnesses for his defence, These, however, he .has failed to produce. Mr., Sturt, in passing sentence, Bald that though the evidence was not sufficiently strong to justify, a committal for trial on the charge of stabbing, it was evident that an aggra- vated assault had been committed'by the : prisoner. ' .AT the meeting of the Prahran Town Council, held on Monday, it was unanimously resolved that in, future the .eight hours' sffl" teu^ should .be.observejj jn nil controls,en-, tered into.by the Council. . . ,- 1 .Arthe .CtfyCdjirijon Jfonday, three ypang meh'.'pf/thei larrikin , class^ were' brought "be-. fore.the Bench chained ^ith : being in a puV liq j>la£is with intehi to commit a' felonj/ Dn ptmflay morning tta^wati-'-flMMiwrt' fr" , coffee-Btall keeper, in -EburktS-strseti fattemp'- 1 ing to rob an individual: named' Horatio Nel- ^Jse. The evidence in the, case went to show that the prisoners .jrere aoting in toneert, and evidently tent on robbing the rbsecutor of, anything valuable, he might L t6 on him. The Benoh sentenced them to months' imprisonment eaoh, with lard ijbonr. MESSES. BOBEBT ELIAB WAI-LBN and j am Stacpoole are the only' candidates nomiiiated for the extraordinary vacancy in tbe borough council of Hawthorn, caused fcrthe resignation of Councillor Tpon. The njection will take place oil Thursday, the with inBt. MB. CANDLEE held an inquest, on the 11th jst„ on the body of a young woman who jms fonnd drowned.in the Yarra on the pre- LITRAS day. A labourer pained Timothy. BoCaitby, who lives • in Exploration-lane, rjttle Lonsdale-Btreet, recognised the deseed as Hannah Gleeson, and said she was I single woman, aged about 27 years. She L g a cook and laundress, but for some time Ld been living with his wife and himself, tj she was ont of employment. The last Cenof her by him was on the 9th inst., when Tie came out from her bedroom about 7 Mook and went out. There was nothing (boot her then to lead to a supposition that [be intended to take her life, and she was not Ja any pecuniary difficulty. Previous to the lay, however, she had complained to McCar- Yy'a wife of feeling ill, and talked of going b the hospital. As no further evidence jotild be gained in the matter, the jury re- Ejjned an open verdict of found drowned. JKOBERT PRESTON, Dr. Plummer'e groom, |bo bad been arrested for depriving that Intleman's horses of their manes and tailB, kg brought up at the Sandridge Court on Fonday, and pleaded gnilty to the accusation, here were four charges entered against him, tree of which applied to the doctor's horses, fcd one to ail animal which had been bor I from Mr. David Thomas. Mr. Mollii thought that the case required some liberation, and remanded the prisoner II Thursday for sentence. IIHE friends of Mr. G. D. Langridge, lli.A., entertained him at a banquet at the fcresters' Hall on Monday night. There Ire about ISO gentlemen present, and fnll {etice was done to the excellent catering of r. Clements, of Swanston-street. After B dessert had been placed on the tables e nsnal loyal and formal toasts were given Id duly honoured. The chairman was Mr. I. Sidney, Mayor of Collingwood. 1A. MEETING of members of trades desirous [expressing their sympathy with the agriituial implement makers now on strike $ held at the Trades' Hall on Monday eveni. Mr. J. Curtain, M.L.A., was in the kir. Resolutions were carried, deolaring at the agricultural implement makers were Itified in the course they had taken to obp an increase of wages, and that they re deserving of the sympathy and support (the trades and of the public. EEE town council of Emerald Hill have |de application to the LandB Department 1 the removal of the show yards of the Itional Agricultural Society. 