' . ; MR J . B. ; PATTERBoifi ik.L. A. ' : IH6 rion.;in6mbef, for Castlemaine, Mr Patter son/is regarded" by -the jjveris and Murray Advertisei- .ris a coming man. Our contain porary. writes ..of .him Mr Patterson pogl seises in a high degree gifts which never fill to I win a distinguished position ih .public life. Ho not only speaks fluently, but Ho speakVwell. He i enjoys that most necessary element to ensure j success in Parliamentary speaking,.' the ear of the, Hpjiso,' , which simply means tliat tlie I mombors, whether. they agree with hiiri or not ; are content to listen .to what lie has to advance for.or against the question at issue, and, have faith enough in his capacity to analyse and mat- ler the subject before the House so as to give a ' vaiue. to his opinions. The" greatest merit iri Mr Pattersfin as a pubi lie riiari is -the ardent zeal he lias thtowri: ifltd the pursuit, of the public . business in wliich R6 has .etigaed. : . Ilieto are few men; if kriy, iri' the Hduse, who Have made audi rapid strides in mi- prpyemont b'pth in address arid mariner of hand: liiig the, varipiis . questions which present them selves. in the Asseriibly ,_fpr consideration, and debate. .. -Perhaps there can be no better staiid- ard-than- this by whioh to j ndgo of the intellec tual calibre ancl capacity of public men especi ally. During liis canvas for a Beat as arepre-- aentative for Castlemaine, he could only bo judged .By his utterances and spokferi. opiriiPha upon general politics. His addresses on - tUo platform scarcely escaped the charge of ' coarse- nets, arid .his notions of polity wprib of the crudest arid most conimon-place charricter. ;.His election was regarded by many as adding an other, voting, machine to the nrimbbf alfdiifiy sonieivhat out pf propprtipri iri ou/ ariiall Paflifii riibnt: His iriaiden efforts in ihe.House, how- over, gave some .sign that he possessed qualities out of. which sterling and useful pofeticiaris are made. Those who, either from curiosity, or froni other riiotives," watch the career of public men, did riot Hesitate to predict that if he were-pos- sessed of industry commensurate with the ability lie had shown, lie would achieve, if not a briR liarit, at least a distinguished position as a puli-i lie mail. . The sequel has proved tliat this esti: riirite of hini was riot far from/the tirith.' ; He |pyes.publ(o, .life, and has ..evidently; ffikrirt riiueK .pains to. fit liiiri'self for its ,cju ties," arid fp' get a clear knowledge of the springs q'f success or failure in the';avqqatipn :in wliioh. hej ;has! elected .to .-labour, .: : Doubtless, the first .element of- sucT eess is, for a man to understand himself,; He "must ihiniseff.'prepta-e , for - hisdowriguifianoe, a chart of his own capacity. He jmustjknpw. to a . pound the weight anfi character of the ballast iie eiirries, so that, like a; careful mariner, he may know exactly! the breadth and strength of can vass, he. may, venture to. spead to the breeze ; when to take in,, or when to shake out.a reef. Iri- sailing pn.-the sea' of politics; as: on tlio ocean, the riian ;wlio "knows how to k'e'e'p.:Up-a'.;baiarice in titese/(partidulari/?gainsi hiscporb, in safety, lea'ving |tli'0se! ; wliio are )all sfiil Ariel no' .ballast- perhaps- iri-'.-Mr w6'ath:er;.! outstripping- him— either a oHrinled or a' tbtal 'wreck: or !bl6wri off tlieir course, or cpmpletely out of their .fe'ekphi irig.y " It is' Clear that' the mhirib'er for Castlemaine has. marked ..put, his course, . , He intends to fiave a seat on the Treasury benches,- aiid he will sue, ceed. - 'Vyhetiier he .wiUake.a good.pubfic. ad- ministrator remains to be seen. HQ.is a young man. yet; full of ;health and.yigor, ternperate fin liis !h%bits, and ardent ,ih; jiis. pursuit of .'public honours. So far as liis public career- has enabled mefio. perceiye of liis character, he docs not de sire' to win or, wear, the laurel by , dishoneat or dishonourable iriearis. H lie continue ,to irn- prove,: and to gather information in " the -sairie propo'rtion.as he has since .he has, been 'a.mem- bor of Parliament, . he will yet take; a pl4co among-tlie - foremost bf our colonial /'statesmen. Everyrispeebh-he: delivers is ari -imprdyenient upon the last,; .both7 iri Srifbothness of delivery, arid prbpriety of .'diction.' There is. a spice of riatriral hiimoiu- too', underlying liis deliverances, a quriHty /that Snth ' 'eultivation ' and' judicious management /will, rby Vajid jbyy .biriarrierit' and give piquanoy'-t'o ins/s'e't;sp'eebhe4. In the next session of-, Ravlianierit - wis may 'exfiect, if not great "things,)' tepril Ratter- son. He is' clear headed, arid' as liis , jpfigm'erit ripens,- so will his successes be more riiarkfefl. "It is 'fiatif jnug to see young politicians of -Ability qualifying theriisefves- to take the plSces of the veteraris'whp' lire dropping out of the ranlffl one by one. Mr Pattereoii has much to do yet but he may, by steadily pursuing .tito bbure'e-fie has marked for hiinsbR/ win liigli political honours, anfi leaye : behind. Him a nairie as, having Been a useful lriiui iri.his day arid genpratibri!-- . ;;,!.: His Excelloncy, .we (Argus) undoistancl iiris .hail good deer-stalking -during his visit to Mi Wilson's): at Ercildoun. The four Sambur deer turried on t a; f ew yeiirs ago have: (increased to. 50, or 60, arid a magnificent stag weigh- irig'6021b, 'was killed byt,the party- oriSatur- day. . , ..' .. , Bible Synonyms : i" Pebi- ect, -Upright, Com- pletei-PEltFECl'bd.— In.the Eputlei of. St. -James, we fiud the. exhortation1—" Lot patioHce have her perfect work/ _ that ye maybe perfect: and- entire, wanting nothing. '.'.i-: 'That -epistle .;;de'als with the snhjeot of endiiraribe and obedience, and perfection iii thesri" respects is; as a rule, gained by-degrees through the grace of !the Holy Ghost, and the in. fluenee of Divine truth upon the mind. It is, there fore, : a proper subject of exhottation-and prayer — "That yo may stand perfect and filled in all the \vill of God.-"': Perfection is just. the attaiuiderit of our Telos, i. e., the. end.and consummation of o'ur holjt diillihg. EntirenesBiia wholeness or c'oriii51ete> uess of oharacter; not leaving any part unsanctified, or surrendering any faculty to unrighteousness, or xuut&iiig; auy uuu biiiiiu. . j.ui« uuea uou imply DaaD all are to bo filled to the same moasur.e,, or moulded to -the Bairie ehape ; but it means that every :ohe is to labour and pray, that liis Christian life may be not only.gpnuine, but complete and consistent ac cording tp Iris capaoity, th'at ho be sanotifiefi wliolly. by the God of peace. , ,2/ The upright is"" Yaskar, the man jof .:stvaigl)tforwardrieS3, rectitude, aud equity. Tlie term indioates .a tone' of' charaoter 'whfoh, a. healthy (.moral sense always, and every where-,, approves, Even -Balaam, though himself consciously, .auil from a selfish motive, sivervirig from; reotituda, knew , enough of its value to pryti; .f? Let me die the death bf.the Yashar, arid lot my last end be like Iris." Moralists, .who repudiate Divine revelation, must not suppose that tliey havp any priority or superiority m inculcating the virtue and strength of a sincere and upright charaoter. Holy, Scripture is not eritii-bly occupied with the history of Divine interpositions, or even with .the salvation of sinners. , In its earlier as well, as m its later books, it inculcates, delineates, and encourages integrity and justice ; while it connects these, as our Bible-refusing moralists cannot do) with the righteousness of Go<l above, from ivhonq all-gpodrieaa aud truth, emanatp, and to whom they retufri in the consecration of his people to the Lord, vrho loves righteousness. 3. The expression" "bom- plute in Christ" belongs to tho New Testament. In Him dwells more than a fulnossof qualities and powers, suoh as constitutes the consummate ideal man, It is" the fulness of Godhood bodily." This fulness is made accessible and available- to all who are his. Out of it they all rroeive. ' They aro xiot taken : up into the divinity, but divinity streams upon them, into them, and to them, as they dwell by faith in Christ. It is no more tho ease of a man walking before the Lord, and being perfect, as Noah, Abraham, or Job ,was perfect. It is tho/ baso of a man dwelling in the Lord, hidden in him Vfir safety, quickened iu Him for life, justified in Hiia for ac- oeptance, nay, filled up or completed in Him. All grace abounds towards the boliever, and he Has all- perfoot rssoouroes in his Lord and Saviour. ' He is filled, not as tho vessel now and then dipped in the lake and oarried away, but as the strpatn -that re ceives the waters, of that lake in , a constant living flow. Ho is filled, not as the basket into j Which slimmer , fruit is gnthored from a treo, . but as the brarich- ie supplied with sap, and so covored with .olnSters of grapee from tho living vine in whioh it abides. Josue-Christ beiug.fuil of grace arid, truth, is for us all-suffioient, and.we are completed iri Hini, . as we are admittod into the fellorifshiof his Spirit, thojonjoyirierit of liis grace, arid the i-ipKes'bf his, in heritance;;" who is the Hoad /jf all pnnoipality and power, " '4. "The" form ' '. perfecteil '.rippfjp?) pjtopr to woraliip br'to charriiiter. Iii 'tli'o.former.senso it ie truo of Ohristi'ins in .their lifetime; in. ttie 'latter it is not,— Sunday Magazino,' 