SPECIAL .SEIIVIOBS AT ST. PAUL'S; It is not too much to say' that 'tho Chnrcli of England is at last, learning the necessity . of adiixitiiig herself to the various Av.aiits of. the pobxile whom it is her mission to iiilluencc, and the cxti;eiiie iiiiAyisdoin of that rigidity which has ,bccu top loiig, but ineorreetly, deeined to be of Rio vei-y essence of lior systoin.' : In 'former uays It Avas eonsulorcd quite sulheient if, tAvieb oil tlio Sunday, the church doors ; were tlirb>yu pxipn, ancV pboxjlo AVforc alloAVcd, it they wbmd, to ebmb to tAvo or Ilircb ehccrlcss sbrvicesi 'gone over ill a xicrfnnctionaryln.aiiner by;thb bfliciat- ing clorgymaii, Avho thought and spoke of the .Xjerformauee simply as so much " duty: " Tliere lias boon of late years a vast .roaAvakeiiihg— one may oyen say a royival, I'hb Church jias seen, amongst obhor things, that, if she. is tb leaven thc inasscs of the pepxilc, iihd no b lea vo theiri to lioiicbnfprniity or irrcligiqii, she 'mhst lay aside her /trtak'ur, .and, iri "tile Avords of the old allegory,: go out into -the streets aiid lanes of the city and compel men 'to' come in. Such, apart from all cxtvomo yicAvs, has been rationale of those nt once nibro frequent and irioro decent /services, 'of the care Avith Avhieh tho House of God has been adorned and beautified, and also of tho .attention Avhich has been given to the a'ast ihstrumeutality of preaching. For a recog nition of this need there is no doubt tho Ohurm has been largely iudchtcd to the Dissenters. It ihay be tliatifrotn another quarter she has learnt the value of home mission Avork ; though even <111 this respect the Wesleyaus had something to tell her in the Avay of itinerant preaching. But the "mission," technically so termed, has always been a promineht feature of the Romish ciiltua, aiid so also has the religious " Conferenco." It may bo th.at the idcahus come recommended fivm more thaii ouo quarter. But of the CkriogX Conferenco on missions to Avhieh the laW special service at St. Paul's was introductory, it is cer tainly not too much to say that, as a combined method of action on the part of the Church of . England, it was, to a great extent, new. Some years ago, when what came to be called the "Twelve Says' Mission" was organised, the movement got very much into the hands of one extreme party in the Church, and the tone of teaching was what would be loosely termed " High," confession itself being freely advocated by one of the most prominent preachers of the mission. It was essentially a party movement, and no doubt, in order to prevent this, the bishops who bear rule over the metropolis took time by the forelook, and issued the following invitation to a conference and preliminary ser vice among the clergy of their dioceses : — "Reverend and Dear Brother, — Assuming that you are prepared to take part in the Mission to be held in the metropolis m February next, we would earnestly invite you to join us in a special service of prayer and meditation, to be held in St. Paul's Cathedral on Tuesday, 4th November, at half-past eleven o'clock, and to be followed by a conference of incumbents, which will be held at King's College at half -past two. Conscious as we must all be that the work we have sot before us will, without God's blessing, be fruitless and futile indeed, let us in faith in the promises made to those who shall agree on carcn as touching anything they shall ask, unite our fervent prayers for a special outpouring of the Holy Ghost ; for the quickening of the love of God and of the Lord Jesus in our own hearts and in those of our people j for a deeper sense of the worth of immortal souls ; for more earnestness and self-denial in our efforts to win thcin for Christ 5 and for a great gathering into the true fold of multitudes now wandering and lost in the ways of sin and death. It will not be possibld 'to include our lay brethren in this service, but we would suggest to you the desirableness of inviting sneh of your parish- oners or congregation as are prepared to assist you in the work of the Mission to a special celebration of the Holy Communion on the morning of November 4th, or on some morning in the some week. — Vo oi-e, dear Brother, your faithful servants in Christ, "J. LoNnoK, "E. H. WiNTOK, "T. L. IIOCIIESXEU. "London, October 21, 1873." A very largo number of the London clergy responded to this n3peal, and tilled the whole space under the dome of St. Paul's. There were men of every doctrinal section in the English Church. The Bishop of London passed at once to the pulpit, the choir singing the " Veni Creator," at the conelusion of which his Lordship read first the collect, " Prevent us, O, Lord, and then the one appointed for Whit Sunday, after which he proceeded at once to his address. The experience of the last three years, said his Lbrdship, in the way of special efforts towards the lost, had been that such efforts, where they did not interfere in the parochial arrangements, had been largely blessed. They brought many into the fold j and also, by their reflex action, quickened spiritual life in congre gations, and even in communicants. There seemed no reason, then, why the bishops of the three dioceses included in the metropolis should refuse to preside over their clergy in this special effort, against unbelief. Of those three bishops, one gifted man, and his own dear friend, he said, had been suddenly called to his account , but his part had been taken up by another dear friend, who had been called in God's providence to, succeed to the vacant place. Experience also showed that the success of a mission depended on the ctjO'e in its organization. Do we not, he asked, need preparation before we undertake such a work 7 The object of the present gather ing was, OS it were, to strike the key-note of the mission. He desired, then, to speak with his reverend brethren, not as their bishop, but literally as their brother. Looking bark some \- twenty-one years to the time when he was in cliarge of a large parish, he felt, if he were invited to share in such a work as this, two questions would at once occur. Have my < ministrations failed 7 If so,' from what cause 7 , vVho would venture to say that his ministrations, y even- in the smallest parish, had been all that he could wish ? Not even the most faithful pastor had, quite carried out the idea prescribed to him by the Church at his ordination. Then, with % regard to the second question. ' ' I pray God, " said the bishop, with much feeling, "that none of you, when you come to look back on a ministry of forty years, may find so much cause for humiliation as he who now addresses you." As a general rule, detects, lie said, varied more in degree than in kind ; and when we come to nsk ourselves why — as far as lay i/t ourselves — we had failed, the answer would be, through want of faith and love — faith in God, and love to Jesus Christ and the souls of our fellow men. Take preaching, for instance. Did we, he asked, preach as if expecting tliat what we preached would do its work 7 Did we believe that our hearers would be converted ! Don't wo— ho plainly asked — preach doubtingly 7 So with the moreimportantproclamationwheiiwewerespeak- ing face to face with man, the sick or the sinful — did we believe' that what we said would go to the heart 7 So, too, with prayers— prayer with or for others. Did we believe that our prayers would be answered 7 Did we throw ourselves on God 7 Let us try ourselves by this test. Were we not surprised when our prayers were answered 7 His Lordship here told an apposite story of a clergyman who was called to the death-bed of a talented miiii that had imbibed sceptical ideas, who was, in fact, an unbeliever. He had to wait some time before he could see him. and occupied the interval in wrestling for him in prayer. When it expired, the sister of the dying man came down with joy on her face, and said, "Oh! he is praying— praying hope- fuUy !" The clergyman's heart swelled with gratitude, but-yhe was surprised. And who of us, asked the bishop, dare cast the first stone at him 7 It might be said that this distrust savoured of humility ; but was it not rather the case that we trusted too much to ourselves aiuf too little to God 7 The Cliristian man's phylactery ought to be, "Not by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord." We do ttot expect that God would perform physical miraclcB. God did not grant such evidence now. The greatest miracle of all was the work of the oly Spirit in. regeneration, conversion, sauGtifi< cation, and sidvation. The knowledge that they were doing God's will made the boldest ventures of faith reasonable. In eloquent periods the bishop pictured the poor fallen sister staggering along the streets with flushed checks ; the ignorant blasphemer rmderthc railway arch, or in the lecture, room, villifying the name of God, and, worse th.an all, the mere man or woman of the world living in carelessness — God would have all these to conie to repentence. We never could aim at saving a soul without being in accord with the will of God. Let this, then, he urged, be our first prayer as we prostrated ourselves in silence, " Lord, increase our faith." Then there was a long pause for silent ju-ayer — perhaps the most impressive of all forms of worship, especially in the centre of a great city. The roar of .London was around, and the slant ing rays of the sun lit up the silent congregation as those hundreds of Christian muiisters bent in unuttered prayer to God. Then, as the Bishop of Winchester passed from his stall to the puli»it, the choir sang the following hymn : — Almighty God, whose only Son O'er sin and death the triumph won. And ever lives to intercede For souls who Thy sweet mercy need ; In His dear name to Thee we pray For all who err and go astray. For sinners, wheresoe'r they be, Who do not serve and honour Tliee. There are who never yet have heard The tidings of Thy blessfid Word, But still in heathen darkness dwell, Without one thought of heaven or hell ; And some wthin Thy sacred fold To holy things are dead and cold, And waste the inecious hours of life In selfish case, or toil, or strife ; And many a quickened sold within There lurks the secret love of sin ; A wayward will, or anxious fears. Or lingering taint of bygone years. 0 give repentance true and deep To all Thy, lost and wandering sheep. And kindle in their hearts the fire Of holy love and pure desire. 'That so from angel hosts above . May rise a sweeter song of love, ' And we, with all the blest, adore Thy Name, O God, for evermore. Amen. The Bishop of Winchester took for his subject the motive that should animate them in such a work as that in contemplation. The love of Jesus crucified, risen, and enthroned in Heaven, evidently resulted in love for all on behalf of whom Christ died. Yet he would ask whether the very refinement of Christian love did not sometimes make us loathe those who we ought to love. Christianity had a civilizing and le- fining effect, and we might be led to shrink from that which is polluted. We must try and school ourselves to love those amongst whom we laboured in mission work as ruined temples of God. All human nature was part of the nature of Christ Incarnate, but sin was no part of it. Each of those fallen was among those whom he came to save. He prayed for them on the cross. He prays for them on the Throne. So must we school ourselves to love them. Love alone would find its way into the hearts of those we .qught to save. Their lives, he said, were hard, and their natures impervious to foar or shame — but not to love. Next to the instinct of food and warmth, the instinct of love was the most natural. Scarcely any were so lost us to be in sensible to love. A chord might be struck in the darkest heart if there were a chord in unison with it on our part. The very worst case, per haps, was those who had followed that counter feit of love, "lust hard by hate," yet the victims of this were sensible of love. IVlicu Howard was walking the streets, one of those ivrctched girls put her arm into his. He simply turned and said " Poor creature !" and she burst into tears. We try police courts, courts of justice, and jienitentaries, but how seldom love crept into the poor homes of our great cities ! Love never desiiaired. It alone can make us hope against hope. All had seen how, when a little one was given over to die, a mother would so hope, and the infant sometimes be spared to her. So would the Christian pastor tend those ivho to all others seemed hopeless. So he commended this to their hearts as the motive principle of action. iigain loiioweii luc siiuiib prayer aim iiui- voiced hymn, which sounded grandly in its deep unison. Then the Bishop of Rochester ascended the pulpit, and delivered a moat striking and most thoroughly missionary address. These missions to the careless and perishing, he said — both respectable and outcast — in what conviction did they originate 7 Perhaps in this, that though the Word had been preached to them with power and energy, yet it had been evident,' as matter of experience, that something was needed to bring the Word closer home. Our eternal happiness and misery depended on our relation to God. Preachers spoke to the listen ing crowd, but wc needed something to speak to us as Nathan sjioke to David, "Thou art the man." Symjiathy was needed. This desire to help their fellow shiners had brought them together that day. Then the missioners of the Church had met for their Lord's glory. The humblest, most distrustful man might do some what — might find some jioor sou! travailing under a burden wliich he could lighten, and, by talking man with man, might win him over to Viiliou buvjr vruic ociiu forth by ' ' the churches. " The presence of three bishops made this a Church mission, What could be less in accord ivith the world's mode of warfare than a mission? Yet, by this simple strategy, it was expected to breakup the strong holds of sin. What ! had we surveyed Pande monium, where men assemble by troops in the harlot's house, the flaunting public-house, the temple of Mammon 7 Yes, he answered, all this we had seen. All wore open to God's oyc, and His word revealed them to its, and at the same thnu told us that there was in all those sinners a sense of disquietude. In the very worst there was love, as in the woman in Simon's house. To these, said the bishop. We go. The result was in God's hands j ours to go forth iu the power of Hittj who did hot strive nor cry, but won his victory by gentleness, love, .and patience. The bishox) concluded a very elocjuent address by a graiihic reference to the worn of Him whom it is not irreverent to call the first Missioner. The service — a very exceiitioiial one indeed for the metropolitan cathedral — concluded with the Lord's Prayer, which was said, not sung, by the Bishop of London and congregation, and the Apostolic benediction also iiroiiounccd by the same iirelate. In the afternoon there took place the confer ence of incumbents at King's College, pursuiint to notice. From this the laity and interior clergy were rigidly excluded, the object being liresumably to decide on the details of the mission work. Thus f.ar, everything had been of the most iiracticid kind, and so gave the best Xiromisc of success for the work. 