THE CHRISTIAN OONGREGA- < TION: m KOHMA.K MACLEOD, D.T). A Christian congregation professes to be a congregation «f Christians, and to represent the samekind of body which, in the apostolic epistles, is termed a " church"—" saints and faithfdl brethren"—" faithful in Christ Jesus" —" holy brethren." It is not, therefore, a number of people meeting only to hear a Bermon, or even to unite in public worship, but without any visible coherence, social life, or united action, but a body, ail organised whole; the Lord's Supper being the grand symbol of the unity of its members with one another, and with the whole society of the Christian Church on earth and in heaven. 4 Now, the congregation, as an organised Christian society, has a twofold work to perform. The first is within itself, and includes whatever is done by the members of the congregation for their mutual good; the second is beyond itself, and includes the good done by the whole body to the world " without." It is thus with the living body of the Church as with the dead machinery ol a steam-engine, which first feeds itself with coals and water, and then turns the wheels of the whole factory. The inner and outer work of the congregation as a body may be briefly indicated in a few sentences, though volumes might be pro fitably filled with its details. 1\. The inner work is accomplished within the soul of each member through the preaching and reading of the Word of God, public prayer, and partaking of the sacrament. By these means chiefly comes that " kingdom of God which is within us," and is " righteous ness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Every other work will be done efficiently by the whole body just as this inner work begins and progresses among its individual members, But the fellowship and mutual aid of the members of the Church in " considering one another, and provoking to lovo and good works," and in contributing their share of God's gifts and grace bestowed upon themselves for the comfort and edification of their brethren, also belongs to the inner work of the Church. This will express itself and be strengthened by meetings for social prayer and Christian intercourse, and by those works and labors of love for which the congregation itself has the first claim. These labors of love include th6 religious instruction of its yomig members the baptized children; the visitation of sick;. its support of the poor and destitute brethren. In these and other forms of well-being and well-doing which will suggest themselves, abundant scope will, in most cases, be afforded for exercising the energies, and calling forth the love of the members of the congregation within the limits of their own society. 2\. The work external to itself to bo per formed by the congregation, as a body, con sists genorally in its " doing good unto all as God giveth it an opportunity." The home mission within the district or city in which it is placed will engage its first efforts ; and after that, or along with that, the aiding by its contributions and prayers to evangelise the world. But the point which I would specially insist upon in this paper is, the vast importance of developing, combining, and directing the gifts of all the members of the congregation for accomplishing both its inner and outer work. already said, they give . gregation is that of a body so organised as that each and every member is made useful to the whole body, and the particular gift which God bestows upon the weakest and most insignificant (for " He hath set the members in the body as it hath pleased Him") is so appreciated and applied, that " the head" or " the eyo"—the most intelligent or most discerning—cannot say to that weak member, "' have no neod of thee.'" It may be alleged that the congregations of the primitive Church are not intended to be models in their peculiar organisation for modern times. But is not the primitive Church system of union and mutual co-operation essential to the very idea of a Christian sooietv ? And what authority is there for its assembling together to hear sermons, to pray, or to partake of the sacraments, which is not equally binding for its performing of all the other duties and enjoying all the other privileges described by the apostles as pertaining to church-members ? Now, in most cases, everything is left to the minister or his official assistants. The calculation is never soberly made as to his bodily or mental powers to do all which is expected of him. There is an immense faith in both. It is assumed that he, and not the congregation, is the body; that he alone, therefore, possesses the eye, the tongue, the ear, and the hand;—and some ministers seem so pleased with their elevated position as to be unwilling that any should share it with them. But when the minister is alive to the responsibility of his position, and when he is so fortunate as to have in his congregation men and women who share his convictions, and are willing to share the labor which these entail, even then there is still the tendency on the part of the great bulk of the members to liave their work done by proxy. They have no objection that visiting, teaching, almsgiving, and the like, should be done by " the committee,"—while the committee, perhaps, are inclined, in their turn, to leave it to Sir. A., or Miss B., who are active members of it. It is true we must labor, in the meantime, with whatever instrumentality God furnishes, and make the most of it, but we must not cease to aim at realising the noble end of making each member, according to his gifts and abilities, manifest the spirit of Him whose saying it was,—" It is more blessed to give than to receive !" No doubt, much wisdom is required upon the part of office-bearers to whom the government of the congregation is intrusted to discern gifts, and to apply them. But the • one thing" chiefly needed is " love in the Spirit!" It is for this we should chiefly labor; for, let love to Jesus be once kindled by the Spirit of God through faith in His love to us, and love, which unites us to Him, will unite us to one another. But admitting all we have said to be true regarding the congregations of the primitive Church, and acknowledging, moreover, that it would be highly desirable could scch Christian congregations reappear in our day, it may be reasonably questioned whether this is possible in the present state of society, or whether any attempt to realise it is not a pious imagination which would lead to extravagances and fanati cal disorders such as have often characterised minor sects, who, in seeking to rise up as per feet churches, have sunk down into perfect nuisances ? It may be said, " Only look at the elements you have to work upon! Deal with the actual fiesh-and-blood men and women who necessarily form the bulk of our congre gations, and not with ideal persons. Look at this farmer or shopkeeper—that servant or master; enter the houses of those hearers or parishioners in town or country, from the la borer to the proprietor;—is there the intelli gence, the heart, the principle, the common sense—any one element which could unite those members into a body for any high or noble end ? They provoke each other to love and good works, or help to convert the world I Would it were so ! but it is imprac ticable." Such thoughts we have ourselves experi enced with feelings of despair. But there are others that make us hope that Christian congregations throughout our land may yet rise out of their ashes, living bodies imbued with life and love from their living and loving Head. Are not all the difficulties, for example, con nected with the proper organisation of the congregation those only that pertain to the existence of a living Christianity among its members ? Given, that church-members in- dividually were what they profess to be— " believers"—" disciples" — " brethren"— would they not, as a necessary result of this character, act collectively, as we suppose Christian congregation ought to act ? And therefore, when we assume that it is vain to think of congregations becoming, as a whole, and in spite of many exceptions, living bodies of Christians—men united for mutual good and for the good of the world—do we not thereby assume that it is vain to expect pro fessing Christians to become " constrained by the love of Christ not to live to themselves, but to Him who died for them and rose again ?" Must we confess it to be utterly hopeless to look for such manifestations now of the power of the Spirit as will produce, in our cities and parishes, such congregations, ay, and far better ones, as once existed in Jerusalem, Ephesus, or Philippi ? There is another thought which encourages us, and makeB us hope that these same " elements we have to work upon," and which appear to make our congregations incapable of accomplishing the high and holy destinies in the world to which we think they are called. It is this :—that just as there are iu nature hidden forces—iu a quiet and apparently harmless cask ot gunpowder, or electric battery, for instance—which lie concealed until thOTight spark calls forth their latent power into action, so there are, in many more individuals than we suspect, hidden forces of some kind or other capable of doing greater things than we, could ever have anticipated, and which require only the right spark of s spiritual life and energy to excite them also into vigorous action. It is thus that heroic bravery and sublime self-sacrifice have been manifested in the hour of sudden and appalling danger, or during seasons of long and dread-1 ful suffering, by those who were never until then suspected of possessing BO great a spirit, j and who, but for such an occasion occurring I for its manifestation, might have been doomed I for ever to remain helplessly among tho most commonplace incapables. Had a Grace Dar-1 ling or a Florence Nightingale been known only as a sitter or pewholder in a congregation, they might have been deemed unfit for any work requiring courage, self-sacrifice, or I perseverance. But these noble qualities were all the while in them. In like mauner, have we never seen among our working classcs a I man excited by some religious enthusiast or J fanatical Mormonite, who all at once seemed inspired with new powers, braved tho sneers I of companions, consented to bo dipped in the next river, turned his small stock of supposed knowledgo into immediate use, exhorted, warned, proselytised among his neighbors, spoke in the lanes and streets unabashed, and J gathered his knot of disciples from^ among the crowd of his old comrades, thus giving token of a force having been lyiug hid in one who seemed capablc only of work on week-days I and of sleep on Sundays. There is not a Hindu fakir, who swings from a hook in the muscles of his back, or measures with his body a long pilgrimage to Juggernaut; not a Popish devotee, who braves the opinion of society with naked feet, comical garment, and selfimposed " bodily exercise," but demonstrates what a man can and will do, if the mainspring of his being is touched. There is not a sailor or a soldier who does not, at sea or in battle, shew a greatness which he seems incapable of when seen in ordinary circumstances. It is thus, we repeat it, that most undoubtedly there are, in every congregation, men and women who have in them great powers of some kind, which have been given them by God, and which, though lying dormant, are capable of being brought out, in a greater or less degree, by fitting causes. Nay, every man is enriched with some talent or gift—if we would only discover it and bring it into I action—which, if educated and properly directed, is capable of enriching others to a far greater extent than he himself is the least I aware of. But what power will develops this I force ? What power, we reply, in the uni-1 verse is so fitted to do so, and to bring out of a man all that is in him, and to direct all the force of his being to worthy and ennobling I objects, as tho power of a living Christianity ? If the love of Jesus Christ and Him crucified, understood, believed, felt, does not kindle all the love in a man's heart, and fire it with all the enthusiasm, and inspire it with all the bravery of self-sacrifice, and nerve it with all the indomitable perseverance of which it is capable, then we know nothing else which can do this, or anything like this. Christianity has not become effete ! It is still tho " power of God and the wisdom of God." It is still mighty in pulling down strongholds. It can still convert " the elements wo have to work upon" into instruments of righteousness, and " make the foolish things of the world to confound the wise;" and "the weak things of the world to confound the things that arc mighty; and the base things of the world, and things that are despised, and things that are not, to bring to nought the things that are." But we must have real, living, and ua- dying faith iu Christ's life aud power to do this, and be earnest in personal and social prayer ; and then only will we bo able to judge as to the capabilities of " the elements we have to work upon." There is no department of congregational j work in which tho personal ministration of I the individual members is more required than I its Home Mission. The sphere of this | mission must necessarily be a district in which tho members of the congregation can labor, We may assume that there is no district even j in this Christian land in which are not to be I found a number who require to be instructed j in the gospel, and brought into tho fellowship j of the Christian Church, as well as a number J who require to be ministered to in private J owing to the infirmities of their bodies, the I bereavements in their households, or other I necessity of supplying their temporal or spi-1 ritual wants, In large cities not only does I each district inhabited by the poorer classes j abound in what has been termed a " home j heathenismbut this population is so flue-1 tuating from month to month, that a more I extended and vigorous agency is required to 1 make use of the brief opportunity given us for doing it any good. Now, one thing we hold as settled by tho save the lost, a living agency is absolutely necessary. Religious tracts alone won't do. Far bo it from us to write, in an apparently lighting manner of what wo so greatly value as good tracts, when wo can find them. But, on the other hand, let us beware of exaggerating tho power of such an agency, or demanding impossibilities from it. A great number in our large cities and manufacturing districts who requiro to bo reclaimed from ignorance and vice cannot road at all. Those who can do so are yot so imperfectly instructed iu tho art as to bo utterly unable to comprehend a continuous narrativo of facts, far less any exposition of doctrine or duty; while those best able are not always willing to read anything of a religiouB character. Tho most efficient method, in our opinion, of making use of tracts in all such cases, is to read them, when possible, to others, and, if necessary, explain them, and then distribute them. But what is a dead tract to a living person ?— what is -any description of Christianity on paper, as compared to the living epistle, which all men can read ? We want Christian men and women; not their books or their money only, but tliemselves. The poor and needy ones who, in this groat turmoil of life, have found no helper among their fellows ; the wicked and outcast, whose hand is against every man's, because they have found, by dire experience of tho world's selfishuess, how every man's hand is against them ; the prodigal and broken-hearted children of the human family, who have the bitterest thoughts of God and man, if they have any thoughts at all beyond their own j busy contrivances how to live and to indulge their craving passions,—all these, by the mesmerism of the heart, and by means of that great witness, conscience, which God, in his mercy, leaves as a light from heaven in the I most abject dwelling on earth, can, to some extent, read the living epistle of a renewed SOul, written iu the divine characters of the ]j 0 iy Spirit. They can see and feel, as they uever did anything else in this world, the love which calmly shines in that eye, telling of inward light and peace posessed, and of a pi ace 0 f rest found and enjoyed by the weary heart! They can understand and appreciate the unselfishness—to them a thing hitherto hardly dreamt of—which prompted this visit from a home of comfort or refinement, to an unknown abode of squalor or disease, and which expresses itself in those kind words and l 00 ks that accompany the visit. They can perceive the reality of tho piety, which also reads to them, in touching tones, the glory of Him who came to seek and save tho lost; and their gouls cannot refuse some amen, however faint, echoed by their very misery, and from their yearnings for a good they have never known, to that earnest prayer of faith uttered, ( I { Q tho bonds of a common brotherhood, to one who is addressed as a common Father, through a common Lord. If ever society is to be re- I generated, it is by the agency of living brothers j and sisters in the Lord ; and every plan, howeVer apparently wise, for recovering mankind f r0 m their degradation, and which does not make the personal ministrations of Christian I men and women an essential part of it, its very [if e i s doomed, we think, to perish, It ig thug tJmt our p at her has ever dealt ^ ffis lost children. He has in every ago of the worW gpoken to men by living men; an4 „ God> who at sundry times, and in divers mannergj spilke unto our fathers by the prohete| hag in theso lattei. days spoken to us jj g 0Q j» But are tliere any willing to labor ? Yes ; I m(my are i a b or i ag) and thousands in this land are prepared j[ n sp irit to join them ; for every christian has a longing to do something for Q 0( j' g kiugdom on earth, and to employ usefull time and tfti entB w hi c h he feels are run- ^ to waste> \yiiy, then, with so much to do through a living agency, and with a great army of living agents yet unemployed, is thero 60 little done ? We reply again, for want of congregational organisation. Our congregations want order, method, arrangement. There i s not yet a sufficiently clear apprehension of what their calling is in the world, or of tho work given them to do; nor is there found that wise and authoritative congregational or church direction aud government, which could at least suggest, if not assign, fitting work for cach member, and a fitting member for each work. Hence little, comparatively, is accomp^hed. The most willing church member gazes over a great city, and asks in despair, « What am I to do here ?" And what would the bravest soldiers accomplish in tho day of battle, if they asked the same question in vain ? What would a thousand of our best workmen do in a large factory, if they entered it with willing hands, yet having no place or work assigned to them ? Aud thus it is with I mftny really self-denying Christians; because | a practicable and definite field of labor is not | pointed out, tho necessary result is idleness— I Christian society itself was designed to, and 1 could accomplish in a much more efficient and | orderly mannerj or, as it more frequently happens, those energies and ardent feelings and love of excitement oven, which could have found sufficient scope for healthy exorcise in such practical labors of faith and lovo as wo have alluded to, are soon engrossed by merely speculative question about " the church," or about " religion," aud the stream which, had it been directed into a right channel, and to a light point, would have boen made a power for immense good, eoon rushes over the land a widespread, muddy, devastating flood, oozes out into stagnant marshes, full of miasma aud fever, or evaporates iuto thin air! 