SPIRITUALISM EXTRAORDINARY. The following extract is from an article written to tho 'Fortnightly Reviow' by Mr A. B. Wallace, the naturalist : — ' The objection will here inevitably bo made : ' Tbcso wonderful things always happen in America. When they occur in England it will be timo cnouqti to inquire into them.' Singularly enough, after this article was in tho press, tho final test was obtained, which demonstrated the occurrence of similar phonom cna in London. A short statement may, therefore, bo interesting for tho-o who cannot digest American evidence For some years a young lady. Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable mediumship, which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiritual, and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing robes, whilo Bho lay entranced, in dark clothing and -securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that teats of an apparently conclusive character wore em ployed, many visitors, spiritualists as well as sceptics got tho impression that all was not aB it should bo ; owing, in part, to the resemblanco of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that tho two could not be seen at the sarao time. Some supposed that Miss O. was an impostor, who managed to conceal a wbito robe about her (although Bho was often searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was ablo to get out of her bonds, dress and undress herself, and got into them again, all in tho dark, and in so complete and skilful a manner as to defy detection. Others thought that the spirit released her, provided her with a white dress, and sent her forth to personate a ghost. Ihe belief that there was something wrong led ono gentle man — an ardent spiritualist — to seize the supposed spirit and endeavonr to hold it, in tho hopo that some other person would open tho cabinet door nnd see if Miss Cook was really there. This was, unfortunately, not done ; but the great resemblanco of the being he seitcd to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity, and the vigorous struggles it made to escapo from him, con vinced the gentleman that it was Miss Cook herself, although tho rest of tho company, a few minutes afterwards found her bound and seated just as she had been left an hour before. To detcrmino the question conclusively, experiments have been mado within tho last fow weeks by two scientific men. Mr C. F. Varloy, F.R.S., the eminent electrician, made use of a galvanio . battery and cable testing apparatus, and passed a current through Miss Cook's body, by fastening sovereigns soldered to wires to her arras. Tho apparatus vas so delicate that any movoroent whatever was instantly indicated, while it was impos sible for tho young lady to dress and act as a ghost without breaking ths circuit. Yet undor these con ditions tho spirit-form did appear, exhibited its arms, spoko, wrote, and touched several persons ; and this happened, be it romembered, not in tho medium's own house, but in that of a private gentleman in tbo west ond of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken, and at tho conclusion Misa Cook wib found in a deep trance. Since this remarkablo ex periment Mr Wm. Crookes, F.R.S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidence. He con trived a phosphorus lamp, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accompanied by tho spirit, and there saw and felt Misa Cook, dressed in black velvet, lying in a trance on the floor, whilo th° spirit-form, in white robes, stood close besido htr. During tho evening this spirit-form had been, for nearly an hour, walking nnd talking with the company ; and Mr Crookes, by permission, clasped tho figure in his arms, and found it to be, apparently, a real living woman, just as the sceptical gentleman had done. Yet this figure is not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other human boing, sinco it appeared and disap peared in Mr Crooko's own houso as completely as in that of the medium horself. Tho full statoment of Messrs. Varley and Crookes, with a mass of interesting detail on tho subject, appeared in tho Spiritualist newspaper in March and April last, nnd they seemed to say that whatever marvels occur in America can be reproduced hero, and that men, of scienco aro not precluded from investigating these phenomona with instruments and by scientific methods. 