LECTURE ON 'THE PRINCIPLES OF PROTESTANTISM. A lecture on the above subject was delivered in the Particular Bajitist Church. Wallseiid, by the Rev. T. Robcy, to a good audience. J. Fletcher, Esij., occupied the chair, and brieflv introduced the lecturer. Mr. Robcy said : llr. Chairman, I.iadic5 .and Gentlemen, — It is the duty of every public teacher to take advan'.age of groat national events, as well as particular times and circum stances, to improve them to the glory of God and the spiritual and moral welfare of the church .and those around. Subjects like the one that is to engage our .attention this evening, arc ncces- saiy to arouse tbc attention .and in.ake Protest.ants .alive to their principles and interests. Ho that is not fully alive to his principles, privileges, and duty, will never stand when the day of trial comes to try the faith of those who profess the truth. Seeing that so many seem to have grown oblivious of the blessings they have so long enjoyed, and arc too apt to lend a favourable ear to insidious sophistries which c.an only degrade and enslave them, it is at this moment, more important than ever that the traditions of the jiast should be kept alive in the national memory. The remarkable events that have occiuTcd in Europe latclj', and are daily tran spiring, loudly call upon every lover of truth to be up and to lie doing. Ho that is not made alive to his principles and duty — whose attention is not .awakened and mind aroused to action by them, is unworthy the name of Protestant. "It is quite possible," says a writer in the , Standard, in reference to the changes th.at are taking place in Europe, "th.at this indicated change will bring persecution, riot, violence, and, may be, civil war ;" but this is the very proof that, in contending with Po2icr3' .and Ultr.amontanisni, we are not contouduig with a religion, but with a system of foreign iiolitics and treason which aims at the dcstniction of all civil and religious liberty. Until onr statesmen cease to reg.ard the Romish Church as a church, and regard it .as a priestly conspiracy for the upholding of a . foreign power, they will never be true to their, country, nor safe as .advisors .and legislators. 'The Romish Church is a gr.aiid imiiostme— a political tyranny, "with religious names and ; pretences. Mr. Chairman ami gentlemen, there " i arc two spirits or princijiles abroad : the one as opposed to the other as light is to darkness. The Protestant spirit or principle, while it will ever denounce error and remonstnate with the , prop.ag:ator of wrong, yet it will never coerce by brute force ; it will over seek to change a state - of things that arc not right, and to rectify indi vidual views and princiiiles ; but when it does so, it uses legitimate and lawful me.ans to ae- comiilish the end. It ajqieals to-re.ason, to conscience. If it c.an gain reason .and conscience over on the side of truth, well .and good, but if re.ason -.and conscience cannot bo gained — won over to truth — then it lets the individual alone ; . he rem.ains as he was, none the Averse for coming in contact Avith Protestant principle or- spirit. . Thus, Ave see,- Avhcre it can do no good it aviU do " no harm ; hence this spirit or princijile of Pro- " testantism is that Avhich is legitimate, must exist,", and should everyAvhcre bo tolerated. Kin"s," empires, institutions, hiAvs, or powers — none need fear this principle ; for if they be right, it- Aviir support them, .and if they bo Avrong, it Avill' " exercise no brute force to ch.ange them, but Avill iisd" the laAvful means by Avhichareal change alone can be Avrouglit, it Avill appeal to reason and-to consoience, knoAving th.at unless these be gained over to the truth, the change is of nothing Avorth. This principle accepts no change, unless reason, conviction, and conscience go Avith it, and be the cause of it ; hence, it Avould not lift' a straAV to- force either an individu.al or a nation- to acceiit anything contr.ary to the Avill— even. " though the lifting" of the str.aw Avould do it;"' knoAving that in matters of religion .and truth alf. such changes Avithout sound conviction is- but b.ase hypocrisy. The other spirit on principle is the direct opposite to this, it disregards both reason and conscience (true, it Avill accept thein if it can get them) ; if it cannot, then, by .brute force, or craft, it seeks to accomplish its end and to coiniiel obedience or assent. The tortures" of the Inquisition and fires of the martyrs .are proofs of this ; AA'hile Protestant principle alloAVs others todill'crand enjoy their opinion, this opposite ; opinion Avill allow nothing but its OAvn to live." "- -'The fact that in Protestant countries Roman Gatliolics enjoy liberty, and their lives and pro-; perty .are more secure than even in' Roman Catholic countries, is a proof that Protest.ant . principle is a divine one, one that is to be toler ated," must ever exist, it is the proserA'cr of life, even of its oAvn enemies. But the .Roman Catholic spirit Avould destroy .all before it that " ditt'crs from it. 'The, millions th.at haam sealed the truth Avith their blood are a proof of this; .and Avhei-e this spirit does not kill those Avho diff'er from it, it is AA'hcre it has not the politic.al poAVcr to do so ; let the tiger out of the iron cage in Avliich he is confined, and see Avhether.ho is harmless Or not ; giA'o Rome the power and you AA'ill h.ave the fires of the martys blazing again, .and the tortures of the Inquisition, that sl.au hter house of hell, instituted, in .all its qiOAA'cr, "ms in the (lark ages. Noav, a spirit ' like this is not to be tolerated, tlie laAV must keep it in bounds. Now, if the Roman Catholic principle wouhi alloAV others to live that difl'ered in opinion from them, I say avc need not be called ujion to organ ise for self preservation. 'The Einscopali.an docs not trouble himself .about the Presbyteri.an, nor the Methodist fear anything from the Indepen dent or Baptist, because e.ach knoAvs that if re.ason and conscience cannot be acted upon no unlaAvful brute force Avill be used for one to put doAvn.tlie other ; but the Roman Catholic spirit is, if reason fails to put doAVii those Avho differ, then AA'e must kill, and to this their leaders are SAvorn ; hence such a spirit, such a principle being the deadly enemy to liberty, as Avell as to religion. We are compelled to Avateli the chained tiger, and to see that the laAvdoes notalloAv the savage foetoo loiig a chain, lest he reach our privileges and interests and doA'curs them. 'The common instincts of our nature lead ns to comhine, and thelaAv of self-jireserv.ation, Avhieh is as strong as death in us, leads us to seek united effort, not to destroy the enemy, nor hurt in anyAi'ayl but to see that siich a deadly savage foej a beast that can noA'cr be tamed, lias not too long a a ohaiii, for if this savage Avild beast only gets one inch of chain — political poAver — to long, or too much, deiend upon it, not only our liberties Avill it devour, but our lives also. Hence the law of self-preservation compels us to org.anizo Jind to seek uiiifceil clFort to guard against so terrible a foe. If wo can convert tho Eoman Catliolic wc will, if wo cannot then wc will do them no harm, but yr-ay for them as Ave do noAV ; but at the same time avc must Avatch lest that spirit Avhich slaughtered millions of our fore fathers should gain the same poAver it once had, and consequently perpetuate the samo dark deeds over again. It Avas admitted by all that 1)3' the very act of abandoning the llomaii reli gion Ave became a free and enlightened people. It Avas only by throAviiig oil" the yoke of that slavish religion that Ave attained to that freedom of thought, Avhich has advanced ns in the scale of society. Let us not be careless ; lot us not lose AA'hat Ave have gained by leaving raj)istry. Eotestantisni means everything grand, and glorious, elevating, purifying, ennobling, i)ro- tection to life, property, and li)crty. But Catholicism means slavery, misery, darkness, and eternal death. What is Popery. It is necessary Ave should have a definite idea of: it. . It is a spirit embodied in an ecclesiastical sys tem that takes aAvay from its fplloAvers reason, conscience, and liberty. , 1st.— It says to its deluded folloAvers, you must not reason such and such matters. You must believe the statement of the Church, and take thorn for granted-r-the priest has reasoned them -out for, you ; and; in, matters of difliculty you must apply tp . the priest alone, Avho Avill solve your cloubt, and his decision is linal. You must take it as such, or bo damned as an heretic. But your pAvn reason must never be alloAved- nor tolerated in any Avay, .unless it be perfectly in accordance, Avith the interests of the holy Church ; but con- trai-y to the .Church, you must not exercise reason. 2nd.— It says your must not alloAv con science to dictate contrary ;to the interests and .dogmas of the mother Church. Should con science' prick on any j)oint, you must fly to the priest, confess your conyictions, do penance, &c.; By obeying the Church, convietionean.be stifled. ' Conscience must not teach conti'ary to the mother Church. She must be dead to all convictions calculated to call in cpiestion the doctrines or practice of the Church. Srd. It .says : You must not exercise liberty in any form, cither civil, social, religious, domestic, or political, excepting Avhat the Church alloAVS, and is con-, ducivo to her interests. In politics, you must vote as the priest orders ; in religion, : you must feel only as he thinks proper to allow convictions j in domestic affairs, youmust only rule as the 'Ghurch permits. Parents must betray children "to the , Church, and children parents, should, either think ' or. act contrary 'to the Church. Here, then, is a system, the masterpiece of hell for ingenuity and deadly effects. It extracts from man that AA'hich conetitutes him the noblest and grandest of God's creative Avork here beloAV. It takes away reason, conscience, liberty. .Noav take aAA'ay reason, and man becomes a lunatic, and can only act as the authorities alloAv in an hsylum. Take aAvay conscience, and man is a beast— -Avill do anything. Beasts have no con science. . Hence, (can clevour as they like) take 'aAvay the restraints of conscience, and Avhat Avill jiot carnal nature do. Take aAvay libcrt3', and then man becomes a machine ; not responsible, but like a machine, moved only as an outAVard -poAA'er is brought to bear upon it. Thus Catholicism takes aAVa3'. reason, makes lunatics as it Avere of her followers, and the Church becomes anf asylum, alloAving her inmates to think : and. act; only as the authorities of the asylum think proper. .Catholicism takes aAvay. conscience, AA'hich is the voice,. of God in the soul of man, and xiuts in its qdace the voice of the priest. "Thus;it rejeets God's dictation — convictions. Avrought by .the- H0I3' Ghost— and substitutes the A-oice and teachings, of a creature— the priest (here is the acme of Popish blasphemy) — for Avhat little of God there is in 'iiian it takes out. Conscience, though insepar able from man, is no xmrt of him, but is the A'bice of God speaking Avithin bihi. Without a conscience man is a beast. :Catholicism takes aAvay liberty ; thus man becomes a. machine, to' move only in any line as the Church thinks projier.' -The , Church is obliged to take aAva3' libert3', for liberty is the leaf that qn'otects and breathes life to the fruit. Take aivay leaves, ' and you. destroy the fruit. Just so in religious matters take away a man's libertiesi'cligious, ."I)oliticak social, and domestic— and you for ever jn-event fruits of truth being borne. , Thellomish Church instinctively feels this, hence the care taken to put off ail the leaves of liberty, so that 'none of her deluded. folloAvers can bear fruits of truth. ' Had the' liberty to read the Bible, to exercise' thought, aiid investigate. Protestant principles, Pa)ists.AA'ould thCn soon bear fruits of true knoAvledge, and Avould be destruction to the delusions and practices of Home. : She knoAVs this— hence Home must ever be the deadl' enemy to all liberty, for liberty , is Rome's deadly; foe. The rev. lecturer theiiAvent on to shoAV the dread ful effects of superstition, and then revicAved the stages of the true church, and the final triumph ing of truth, &c.; 