INSTRUCTIONS on the COMMANDMENTS OF GOD and the HOLY SACRAMENTS. Translated from the Italian of St. Alplionsus Lk/nqri, by the Meo. Nicholas Guile)), D.D.,'R . R. O. College, Maynooth. Extract ejrom: a "Treatise on Prayer, " Cir. 1, rage 39. " And if to preserve the order established by God, it is a dutv to seek the intercession of the saints, how much more strictly are we obliged to invoke the aid of the divine mother, whose intercession is certainly more efficacious than would be, without hers, the intercession of the whole celestial host. , For St. Thomas says, "fchn.fc an.nh nf fchn eninfa in nvnnnvfcinn fcn Ilia merits, can save many, but that Jesus Christ and his blessed mother have merited grace sufficient to save all men." "By you," says St. Bernard, speaking of Mary, " O inventress of grace and mother of salvation, we have access to your son, who is a mediator of justice, so we can approach the son only through the mother, who is a mediatrix of grace, and who, by her intercession, obtains for us the graces which Jesus Christ has merited." The same saint in another place observes that Mary has received from God a twofold plenitude of grace. The first was the incarnation of the .Divine Word, made flesh in her sacred womb ; the second, the plenitude of the graces which, through her advocacy, we receive from God. He then adds, " G'od has placed the plenitude of all good in Mary ; so that whatever hope, or grace, or sal vation we have, all come from her who ascended abounding in delights. She is a delicious garden —that is, the gifts of grace — are abundantly diffused in all directions. Whatever, then, we receive from the Lord is procured by the inter cession of Mary. And why ? " Because," says St. Bernard, "it is the will of Him who has decreed that we should have everything through Mary. " But a stronger reason is drawn from the writings of St. Augustine, who says, that Mary is justly called mother of the faithful, the members of the Saviour, because by her charity she has co-operated to the spiritual birth of the members of the head, Christ Jesus." Hence, as Mary has co-operated by her charity to our spiritual regeneration, so God has willed that she should co- operate with us, by her interces sion, in obtaining the life of grace in this world, and the life of glory in the next. It is for this reason that the Church salutes her as "our life, our sweetness, and our hope." "Vita, dulcedo, spesnostra, salve." Hence, since the prayers of the divine mother are infallibly heard by her son, St. Bernard strenuously exhorts us to the constant invocation of Mary — "Recur," he says, " to Mary ; the son will assuredly hear the mother." And afterwards he adds, "My little children she is the ladder of sinners ; she is my greatest confidence, and the entire ground of my hope." The saint calls her "the ladder of sinners," because, as the third step is attained only by means of the second, and the second by means of the first, so we can ascend to the Father only through the Son, and to the Son only through Mary. He then calls her "his greatest security, and the entire ground of his hope;" because (as he supposes) God wishes that all the graces which He dispenses should pass through the hands of Mary. He concludes by saying, that since Mary obtains whatever she asks, and since her prayers can never be rejected, we should seek, through her intercession, all the graces we stand in need of. " Let us," he says, " seek grace, and seek it through Mary ; what she asks she receives and cannot be refused." The doctrine of St. Bernard is conformable to that of St. Ephrem, St. Ildefondus, St. Ger- manus, and many others distinguished for sanctity. and learning. "We have no other security," says St. Ephrem, " than from yon, O most sincere Virgin," " Thesupreme majesty," says St. Ildefonsus, " decreed to intrust to your hands, O Mary, all the favours which He deter mined to bestow on mankind ; for to you are nnmmifcfcp.rl fclift fciwianrAR n.ml nvnn.mpnfcs nf graces." "If you desert us," says St. Germanus, " what shall become of us, 0 life of Christians?" St. Peter Dainien thus addresses Mary — " In yonr hands are all the treasures of the mercies of God." St. Antonine declares that "he who asks without her attempts to fly without wings." St. Bernardine, of Sienna, thus salutes her — "O dispenser of all graces, oar salvation is in your hands." In another place he asserts that not only all graces are transmitted to us through Mary, but that, by being made mother of God, she acquired a certain jurisdiction over all the graces which are distributed among Christians. "The vital graces of Christ," he says, "are transfused, through the Virgin, into his mystic body by the head, Christ Jesus." As soon as the Virgin mother conceived in her womb the Divine Word, she obtained (if I may so speak) a certain jurisdiction over all the gifts of the Holy Ghost ; so that no creature has obtained any grace from God, unless according to the dis pensation of his pious mother. Therefore, all gifts, virtue, and grace are dispensed to whom He wills, by the hands of Mary. St. Bona: ventura says — " Since the whole divine nature existed within the womb of the Virgin, I do not hesitate to assert that this Virgin, from whose womb, as from the ocean of the Divinity, all the treasures of grace emanate, has a certain jurisdiction over all the effusions of grace." Hence, then, many theologians resting on the authority of these saints, bave piously and justly maintained the opinion, that no grace is given to man whieh is not given through the prayers of Mary. This doctrine is taught by Vega, Mendoza, Paciuchelli, Segnoni, Poire, Crasset, Natalia, Alexander, and many others. " God," says Natalis Alexander, " wills that we expect to obtain from Him all graces through the most powerful intercession of the | Virgin mother, provided- we invoke her as we ought." And in confirmation of his opinion he adduces the above cited passage of St. Bernard's — "So He wills who ordained that we should have everything through Mary." , Father Conten- sonius on the', words, " Behold "your mother," addressed by Jesus Christ from the Cross to St. John, comments thus — "As if He said, no per son shall be partaker of my blood, but by the intercession of my mother. My wounds are the fountains of grace ; but the streams shall flow to none, except through Mary. O my disciple, John, you shall be loved by me, in proportion as you will have loved her." If God is pleased by our prayers to the saints, will He not be much more highly gratified by our supplications to Mary, to supply, as St. Anselm says, our deficiency by her merits ? That the dignity of the intercessor may supply our poverty. Hence the invocation of the Virgin does not proceed from diffidence in the divine mercy, but from a sense of our own unworthiness. St. Thomas attributes, to Mary a dignity almost infinite. " Because," he says, "she is the mother of God" she has a certain infinite dignity. Hence it may be justly asserted, that the', advocacy of Mary is more powerful before God than the prayers of the rest of the celestial court." Melancholy Examples of persons who have made Sacrekyious Confessions — page 277. "In the annals of the Capuchins, we read of a saint who was esteemed, but made bad con fessions. Being seized Avith a grievous illness, he was told to go to confession. He sent for a certain Father, to Avhom he said, "My father, yon told me to go to confession ; but I will not make any confession." "And why?" said the father. "Because," replied the sick man, "I am damned ; for I ' have never confessed all my sins ; and now God deprives me of the power of making a good confession." After this he began to howl, and to tear his tongue, saying " Ac cursed tongue, that Avould not confess sins when you were able." And thus gnawing his tongue to pieces, and hoAvling, he breathed forth his soul into the hands of the Devil. After death he became black as a cinder, a terrible noise Avas heard, and the room filled Avifch an intolerable stench." A nother example — page 278. " The celebrated Dr. John Rugusino relates that a certain .very spiritual Avoman practised meditation and frequented the sacraments,- so that she was considered by her bishop to be a saint. The unhappy Avoman looked one day at a servant, and consented to an unchaste thought ; but because the sin was only one of thought she flattered herself that she Avas not bound to confess. HoAvever, she Avas always tortured Avith remorse of conscience and par ticularly in her last moments. But even at death she concealed the sin through shame, and died Avithout confessing it. The bishop, Avho Avas her confessor, and believed her to be a saint, caused her body to be (carried in proces sion through the Avliole city, and through devo tion got her buried in his OAvn chapel. But, on the folloAving morning, on entering the chapel, he saAv a body above the grave, laid on a great fire. He commanded it, in the name of God, to tell Avhat it was.- A voice answered that it Avas his penitent, and that she was damned for a bad thought. She then began to howl and to curse her shame, Avhich hacl been the cause of her eternal ruin." The Holy Sacraments on the penance imposed by the Confessor — page 265. "For pronouncing the names of Jesus and Mary, twenty-five days, and for bowing the head at these names, twenty days more. They who say five Paters and Aves in honour of the Passion of Jesus Christ and the dolors of the Virgin Mary, gain an indulgence of ten thousand years." 