THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, FEB. 17,, 1877,, THE debate in the Synod of the Church of England in Tasmania, following the motion of Dr. VALENTINE in reference to ritualistic practices which he and others condemned, but on which some of the clergy defiantly prided themselves, must be discouraging to the members of that Church who have been trained up to regard it as the chief embodiment of those principles of the Reformation" which they generate, but which were on Thursday, probably for the first time in the history of the Church, spoken of with ridicule and contempt. interest in the debate extends outside the Anglican Church. While the issue is, from the hot headedness of enthusiastic youth proud of the attention drawn to it by singularity of position and affectation of liberal views, and a claim to clearer discrimination of the boundary line that must not be passed, calculated to generate dissension in the Church, and lead to schism and dismemberment, the issue involved is also one of vital importance to every branch of the I Protestant Church, that, while preferring the simpler forms of worship, or the greater lay influence in the constitutions of the respective bodies to which they belong, regard the Church of England, as from its numbers and influence, the general intelligence of its members, and the character of its clergy, the chief bulwark against what they regard as the errors that led to the so called Reformation, and the then clearly defined, but now somewhat despised, principles of that Reformation. There is, in the position of the Church at the present moment scarcely a redeeming point, except it may be the courage of the Rev. Canon BROMBY in avowing that he was "one of the firmest adherents to those practices which had been spoken of so hardly in the Synod on Thursday ;" and the merit of that bold avowal, fortified as it was by his declaration that the Synod could not force him to abandon one iota of his convictions or practices, is much tarnished by his lack of courage in not following out his convictions and practices to their legitimate conclusion. This he is not prepared to do, and his defiant tone on Thursday may be, not so much the true courage of the martyr, as the confidence of one secure in the presently constituted Court of Appeal against being seriously called to account, In saying this, we offer no opinion on the points of difference between the incumbent of St. David's and, we believe, the great bulk of the parishioners;, I certainly the Synod,' that adopted without divi- sion upriK DOBSON'S motion declaring as binding on flin Church in the diocese of Tasmania the decisions of that very body which Mr. BROMBY had ostentatiously declared he could not obey and this for the ghost-like reason that it was a civil body not appealed to by the ecclesiastical body It is beyond our province as public journalists to enter into any vexed questions on matters of Church policy and discipline on sacraments ; or on signs and symbols, and their signification. We maintain every man's right to decide on these points for himself, and to act according to the dictates of his own conscience. But the utmost latitude in this respect entitles no man to obtrude his notions on those to whom they are odious, nor to so conduct himself as to give offence to others. Rather than discuss the matter with Mr. BROMBY, we shall admit the soundness of every position he has taken up as to the practices so hardly spoken of in the Synod, and give in our adherence to what he called " the high, strong Anglican theory of the holy sacrament," whatever that may mean, and which he tells us was "the only doctrine heard of for fifteen hundred years from the beginning of their ancient liturgy ;" thus dating back to a period anterior to the time when the principles of the Reformation" were proclaimed as the principles of the Protestant Church. It may be said that in such broad liberalism we give in our adherence to the Church of Rome. Be it so. We can plead the countenance and example of clergymen and dignitaries of the Anglican Church in Tasmania; and the Church of Rome has reason to congratulate itself on the testimony to its truth which those clergymen and dignitaries so readily pay not the less valuable and important that they who give the testimony are what the lawyers would call " unwilling witnesses, and deprecate the conclusions that must be inevitably drawn from the position they take up. And it is here that we hold that CANON BROMBY occupies a position by which his flock are made to stumble, offended, or made weak. We give him that credit for sincerity in his belief which he demands ; but he should remember that he has not established any such claim to the confidence of the members of the Church of England, that they should accept his opinion, and do violence to their own convictions. His deprecating the belief that it was a Roman doctrine, or had a Romanising tendency," does not alter the fact, and, he will permit us to say, is not entitled to any consideration. The people of St. David's hold that the practices so hardly spoken of in the Synod are those of the Church of Rome. They stipulated that the incumbent of St. John's should only become incumbent of St David's on condition of his abandoning these practices, and they obtained what they deemed an assurance to this effect, but now mourn their condition its n too confiding people But, it may be said, St. David's is not the Church, and that the former allows its reason to be warped by a few narrow-minded bigots. Their views are, however, the views of the Church. The resolution of the Synod, on the motion of JUDGE DOBSON, accepts the decision of the English Ecclesiastical Appolato Court, and thus endorses the judgment of that Court, declaring such practices as partaking of the doctrines and usages of the Church of Rome. Thus the congregation to which CANON BROMBY ministers differs from him as to the significance and import of the practices to which he boastingly told the Synod, in the face of Junee DOBSON'S motion, that he would adhere " as a doctrine, and from the dictates of his heart," and the Synod unanimously expressed a conviction similar to that of the congregation. The position therefore is this. Those with whom CANON BROMBY professes to be of one faith differ from him. The Church of Rome, towards which he disclaims any tendency, pro- claims these doctrines and practices as among the distinguishing characteristics of its faith and worship. What therefore CANON BROMBY may affirm, or deprecate, is beside the question. There cannot be two opinions as to the Church to which anyone should belong who honestly holds the opinions CANON BROMBY avowed on Thursday evening, and which he declared dearer to him than life. The strength of prejudice, and the self deception that has led astray men of stronger mind than CANON BROMBY, were pain- fully illustrated when he sought to reproach those who disapproved of his practices and teaching, by telling them "that in the face of the vast amount of sin, and misery, and sorrow which was encompassing them, they might be much better employed in dealing with that ocean of sin, than in discussing what was high church and low church ; they had room enough for high church and low church, for broad church and narrow church, to work side by side in repelling their foes." Quite true. But who has forced on the discussion Who has introduced the bone of contention that has diverted attention from the ocean of sin encompassing the Church and preventing it from repelling the common foe ? CANON BROMBY on Thursday refused to believe in a judgment thrust down his throat by a civil body," bound by their oaths to administer the law well and truly, and without respect of persons. Yet he would thrust down the throats of the congregation of St. David's, doctrines and practices which that congregation believe at variance with the prin | ciples of the Reformation" for which their fathers bled and died. Mr. BROMBY practices are admittedly new to the Church. It therefore comes with a very bad grace from him to deprecate the evils of a discussion which he, and he alone, has forced on the congregation of St. David's. If he sincerely desires to grapple with the ocean of sin he deplores, let him give his congregation rest from unseemly contention. His practices are not necessary to salvation ; why then force on a recusant people what Mr. TARLETON described as " a modern innovation, and one which led to great disturbance in the minds of the laity ?" Subsequent to Mr. BROMBY defiant speech, the Synod adopted a resolution which, if not an expression of opinion which he may feel at liberty to disregard, must lead to his abandoning either his practices, or his position in the Church of which he is now a member. If he do neither, what is the use of the resolution, preceded by so much talk The BISHOP said he could not have given his adhesion to the motion on which JUDGE DOBSON moved the unanimously adopted amendment. Did he congratulate the Synod so much on its truly dispassionate and Christian spirit," in connection with this matter, because he looked upon it as "agoodleBS, ill less" expression of opinion that would impose no disagreeable duty on him HELD OVER We are again compelled to hold over a number of letters, and items of town and country news. Dr. VALENTINE AND RITUALISM. Dr. Valentine's recent escapade at St. David's Cathedral was brought to a befitting climax yesterday by his endeavour at the Synod to introduce a bill for the trial of ecclesiastical offences. The Doctor flew off at a tangent from the subject matter for argument, and in a very candid manner demonstrated that his skill in ratiocination was analogous to that of the fluent Hibernian student in Oil alan, whose " arguments were few, and disputations long." The Doctor's attempted explanation for disturbing the congregation of St. David's was that of a man who felt he was wrong, and called forth scathing con- demnation from the Bishop, who was necessitated to admit that he had been " provoked to deliver his soul " on the occasion. His Lordship, who appeared deeply affected, delivered his remarks with a degree of dignity, precision, and impartiality which was applauded by the majority of the Synod, not excepting many ladies who were present. THE Italy. DR. PARSONS. We regret to learn that Dr. Parsons has been confined to his bed and unable to attend any of the sittings of the present Synod. It is believed the rev. gentleman had over exerted himself at the opening services of the cathedral. This intimation will disabuse the minds of several who, having seen the name Parsons in the division list could not reconcile the vote with Dr. Parson's well-known sentiments. The gentleman who has taken part in the proceedings of the Synod as a Mr. Parsons from the Huon. THE NEW CATHEDRAL The Cathedral Chapter has decided that on and after Sunday next, the Hymn-hook known as "Hymns Ancient and Modern," will be used in this Cathedral." THE WEATHER. Yesterday was the warmest day of the season experienced in Hobart Town, the heat approximating in intensity to the climate of Victoria. The closeness of the atmosphere was considerably heightened by a number of bush fires, which continued blazing around the city during the day ; many of these fires were supposed to have been caused either by negligence or malice. We received intelligence last evening that several disastrous fires had occurred in the midland district, causing considerable destruction to property. FRESH WATER AT THE BATHS. Caprice is again at work. On Wednesday the water was on nearly all day. On Thursday and yesterday there was not a drop. Visitors are the principal complainers, and a nice opinion of the management of our City Council they are likely to take with them. The Council either will not, or as some gay dare not, exercise their authority. HORSES FOR LYTTELTON The barque Waratah, which sails to-day for Lyttelton, will take away forty splendid draught horses, consisting of colts, fillies, mares, and horses, from the northern districts. Among the number is a fine looking two year old entire, by Baron of Clyde (imported by Mr. Ayre, of Quamby), out of an imported mare. This animal took first prizes at two consecutive Longford Shows, one year as a yearling and last year as a two-year old. A NOVELTY. Mr. Hissey, the hair-dresser, of Elizabeth-street, has showed 'us a very pretty specimen of the white hawk. It is indeed one of the most handsome members of its tribe that we have seen, measuring, as it does, 3 feet inches from tip to tip, It was shot in the country a few days ago, and has been sent to Mr. Hissey to ha mounted. PISCATORIAL.-Yesterday a party of visitors took one of Jacobs' boats in order to enjoy a day's fishing in our river. They dropped " kellick" off Crayfish Point and caught no less than twelve dozen of splendid perch. INQUEST.-An inquest will be held at the Bird in-Hand Hotel, at ten o'clock this morning, hit the circumstances surrounding the death of William Hardwicke, who was killed on the 11th inst. at Nine Mile cutting on the Main Line of Railway. WELLINGTON V. BREAK O'DAY MATCH-The return match between the Wellington and Break o'Day clubs will be played on the Association ground today, wickets to be pitched at half-past one o'clock. The following are the players Wei clayton : R. Barnes, F, Front, J. Bryant, J. Aitkin, G. Davies, C. Davies, A. Taylor, J. Walshe, J. Flexmore, D. Lewis, Thos. Sheehy, O Lord, Emergency, G. Creswell. Break o'Day : H. V, Bayly, C. Butler, E. H. Butler, L. Butler, C. W. Butler, D. Cuthbert, E. Freeman, E. Lucas, C. J. Maxwell, C. M. Maxwell, J. T. Morriss. Suvnvv SERVICES The Rev. W. C. Robinson will officiate to-morrow, morning and evening, at the Memorial Congregational Church and in the afternoon, at three o'clock, at the Mariners' Church. The Rev. T. E. O. Bell will conduct worship at Kingston, at 11 a.m. ; North West Ray, 2 p.m. and Collins-street Primitive Methodist Church, Hobart Town, in the evening, at 6.30. The Rev. J. Graham will preach at Risdon ( and the Rev. Dr. Nicholson at Bagdad and Broadmarsh. The usual service will he held at the Presbyterian Church, O'Brien's Bridge, at 3 o'clock. Good TEMPLARISM AT NEW TOWN A public meeting in connection with the Good Design Lodge, 1 No 29,1 O.G.t., is to be held on Monday evening, next, at the Congregational School-room, New Town, commencing at half-past seven. REVISION COURT-A Court of Revision for the electoral district of Wellington, will be held at the Police Office, Stanley, Circular Head, at 11 o'clock, on the 21st inst. and for the district of Fingal at the local Council Chambers, at 11 o'clock on the 20th inst. HAMILTON RACES It is notified that the Hamilton Annual Races will be held on Wednesday, the 1st of April. CLARENCE AND MUDDY PLAINS RACES The programme for the above races, which will be held on the 10th of March, has been issued. The list includes six events, namely, Maiden Plate, Waterloo Handicap, Hurdle Race, Ladies' Purse, Selling (Stakes, and Hack EMM, ' 