Comsyaitkna. , Ninth Letter. TO THE MOST REV. DR. VAUGHAN. SUBJECT.— PURGATORY.— (Go«<in«ed.) (Per favour of the Protestant Standard.) "Thou comest in such a questionable sh.apb that I will speak to thee." — Hameet. Most Rev. Sir, — J h.ave shown by a comparison of your different service hooks, how the coinage of the doctrine of Purgatory is betrayed by contradictory prayers .and exhortations. It does seem strange th.at a Church boasting herself ring to Purgatory, since the . Fathers never so interpreted" them, and you have- sworn not to interpret Holy Scripture except according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers. Creed of Pius IV. One of these texts is 2 Cor. v. 10 : " God avill lender to every one according to his works." But you have only to read on to he convinced tluat the rendering is "to the patient continucrs in well-doing eter'nal life, and to the conten tious, and those who do not obey the truth, tribulation, anguish, indignation, and wrath upon every soul of man that doeth evil," The Xiassage is absolutely incompatible with Purga- torv. It limits us to one of two destiuies; Again you refer to Matt. xii. 32 — "He that shall speak a word ag.ainst the Holy Ghost it shall uot be forgiven, neither in this world nor in th.at to come therefore, some sins may he forgiven in the world to come. Now the ai ciiunt in St. Mark iii. 28, and .St. Luke xii. 10, is, "It 'shall not he forgiven, — hath never forgiveness and this is the universal interpre tation of the fathers, and if it were not, of course the Romish IPurgatory is out of the quostion ; for this is not a (ilace of pardon, but of punishment for sins already pardoned— punished because they are pardoned ; for if they had not been pardoned the souls would go to hell, not to purgatory. Oardin.al Bellarmine cxx>lains, "Purgatory is only for those who die in venial sins, aud for those who depart this life with liability to punishment their f/uilt having been already remitted." Another passage is Mat. v. 25 — "Agree with thine adversary quickly while thou art in the w.ay with him, lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, "Veruy, I say unto thee, thou shalt in no wise come out thence until thou hast piaid the uttermost farthing." In applying this to Purgatory, you forget again what Pur gatory is, and strain the force of "until." The soul in Purgatory can pay nothing, and the souls there are forgiven the debt according to your own doctrine. If a debt is forgiven it is absurd to talk of p.aying the last fai-thing of it. The debtor mentioned hy our Lord, was evidently nnforgiven, or his idiomatic "until, &c.;," meant tluit they should never be released. Indeed the note in your Doiiay Bible on Mat. i. 25 concerning the word "until," says, "these are ways of speech common' .among the Hebrews, as Daniel s.aid (Ps. ex.), "The Lord said unto my Lord, sit thou on my right hand until I make thine enemies thy footstool.'" Look at only these two passages — " .Shall not come out thence until thou hast paid the uttermost farthing," therefore, ho may come out after having paid it. Very well : Mat. i. 25, "And knew her not tintU she had brought forth her first horn son, &c.; — by the b.ame reasoning we are to conclude that he did know her afterwards. Shocking idea to the celibates ! The truth is, "until" proves no thing. Another p.assiige 1 Cor. iii. 11, 13, 14— " Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, -which is Jesus Christ. Now if any man build on this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble ; every man's work shall be manifest, for the day shall declare it ; for it shall be revealed hy fire, and the fire shall try every m.aii's work, of what sort it is. If any man's work abide which he shall build thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work burn, he shall suffer loss ; yet he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire." Now here are no so2ds x)'-dshed by fire ; but worZ; tried or tested' by fire. Whatever the fire is then, it cannot be Purgatory. The "work" here mentioned the context ex))lainB to he the doctrine taught by the Christian teachers, who are compared to builders. They must all agree on the foundation, if Christians at all — Jesus Christ; but enduring truth, like gold, " silver, and precious stones, avould he laid on that foundation by some "wise master builders," and piei-ishable avood, &c.;, byfother foolish ones. The test would be like fire to huru'up the errors, but the teacher of error may be saved himself (tliough his teaching bo burned), but saved so as \y fire, xilucked as a brand from the burning. (Anu)s iv. 11.) This is a common oxxircssion, ihcaning "avith great difficulty ;" as in Judo v. " 23 — "And some save with fear, pulling theih out of the fire." (See also Ps. Ixvi. 12; Isaiah xliii. 2 ; Ez. xxxvi. 5 ; Zecli. iii. 2 ; 1 Pet. i. 7.) Besides, it is every man's work that is to be tested. If it referred to Purgatorial fire then the wicked aud the martyrs would be there, wliich you deny. Another proof is sought in 1 Peter iii. 18 : "In which (spirit) also he came and preached jio those spirits that were in prison, which had been sometime inoreclulous when theji w.aited for the patience of Cod in the days of Noe, when the .aik was building, whereinifew, that is eight souls, were saved by water;" &c.; Now, what ever the prison mentioned here — whether the lioiidage of sin on this earth in which the anti- diluviaus lived, or the XR'ison of hell, in which for being ungodly in the time of Noah (and the oxjinions of the Fathers and doctors are numerous for each) one thing is certain, it is not Papal Purgatory. These were the incredu lous, whose "avickedness was very great, " and who died in that wickedness' Jiy the flood.' Purgatory is for the "faithful departed." I need not therefore analyse this difficult xiassagc. It evidently refers to the unbelieving antidelu- vians to whom Christ had preached "in the spirit,"— not.persoually — by Noah, "a XJreacher, of righteousness, when he said, " My spirit shall not all always strive with man, but his days (of spirit striving) shall be one hundred and twenty years. ' , But after all the great proof from Scripture (?) relied on by lUQclern Romanism for Purgatory is that found in the Apocryphal, 2 Macahees xii. 45, where Judas- Maccabaius, afterhis victory \- over the Governor of Idumea, on proceeding -to bury the slain — "Under their coats he found things consecrated, to the idols of the Jamnitcs, then he and the people prayed that the sin com mitted might be wholly xmt out of remembrance, and then he sent 2000 drachms of silver to Jeru salem as a sin offeriiig. It was a holy aud good thonght— whoi-euijon homade a reconciliation for the dead, that they might be delivered .from sin." Now this passage, if inspired, might prove prayer or sacrifice for the dead — but uot Purga tory. The early Christian Church prayed lor the "Virgiii Mary aiul 'the. martyrs, whom you don't pretend to have been in Purgatory. Besides, these men died in mortal sin — idomtry — they would, therefore, be not in Purgatory, and the" , prayer and reconciliation were made that they, might be "delivered from sin." Now Purtqry contains, as you say, only those who have he'eii delivered from sin in this life. The sins arc -remittcd/.-it is only the punishment that can be elfected by your suffrages. R. . Of course, even had the historian of Judas Maccabmus asserted the existence of a Purga tory, contrary to tlie inspired Scriptures, he must have been simply put aside. He does not claim any authority. He tells ua his book was only an abridgement of the five books written by Jasoii (ii. 23), and in v. 26 : " To us who have taken upon us the labour of abridging, it was not easy, but . matter of sweat and watching." In the early list of Canonical books made in the fourth century at the Conncil of Laodicea, this hook does not appear. It com mends suicide, and even j'our own authors of note never dare to say that its authority is equal- to that of Holy Scripture. Yours veiy faithfully, ZACHARY BARRY, LL.D. 