[UROPEAN INTELLIGENCE^ IRELAND. THE LAND ACT, A DELUSION. The " great cry and little wool" 0f th e satirical proverb is frequently applicable to the relative promise and performance of that splendid delusion, the Irish Land Act. At the Ballytnena Land Sessions a tenant named Robert Duffin recentlv claimed from his landlord, George Acheson, a sum of money, amounting a all to £81, for disturbance from his hold, ing, unexhausted tillage, and improve" ments. There were, of course, a get-off disputing the claim, and, in case the claim should be granted, a set-off claiming in deduction £16 for rent due and £30 f or deterioration, Mr. Donnell, in stating the case, said the lands in respect of which the proceedings were brought and which consisted of acres, were, when let to the claimant, six years ago, in a very wretched condition. Since the holding came into Duffin's possession it had been well treated and considerably im. proved. Mr. Donnell observed that there seemed no reason why the poor tenant and his family should have been turned out, and submitted that the case was particularly one to which the Land Act was designed to apply. Duffin, his wife and other witnesses, proved the facts stated by their solicitor. Duffin denied that he had signed an agreement with the landlord by which he entered upon a six years' tenancy of the lot. For the re- spondent, a memorandum to this effect was exhibited, bearing the claimant's signature. Mr. M'Kane also contended that the land was deteriorated, instead of improved, by the system of husbandry pursued by Duffin. Mr. Acheson said the holding was not now in such good condition as when let. He also said the claimant, who owed a year's rent, had been put out, not by him, but. by his mother—why he could not say. The chairman severely censured the claimant's equivocal testimony with reference to the performance of an agreement, and granted a decree, on all items of the claim, for £6 10s.—Weekly Freeman, January 10. MYSTERIOUS OCCURRENCE NEAR T0LLA- MORE. On Thursday, December 25, a man named Matthew Hickey, residing within a short distance of Tullamore, was brought into the county infirmaiy suffering from injuries he received by being burned. It appears that Hickey lives alone at a place called Arden. On Thursday morning, when his servant boy entered the house he found him lying on the floor, his legs and body burned in a frightful manner. The unfortunate man appeared to be insane with the pain ; but when conveyed to the infirmary he became calmer, and in reply to the consta- bulary stated that -while he was seated at his fire two men with blackened faces broke into the house and flung him across the burning embers, where they held him for several minutes. When the police visited the house there was no sign of any struggle, nor was there a fire on the hearth. Several lucifer matches were scattered about the floor, and this led to the supposition that Hickey, who was much addicted to drink, lay on a box of matches, which ignited and inflicted the injuries'on him, from which there is no hope of his recovery. There is no credence given to the statement that he was attacked by two irien, and on that account no arrests have been made.' A BAD, SIGN. A statement has been prepared by order of the Local Government Board, showing (says the Freeman) the collection and expenditure of the poor- rate, and the number of persons receiving in-door and outdoor relief in all Ireland during the year ended 29th September, 1873, in comparison with the same particulars for the preceding year. The statement showp the net annual value of rateable property in ^Jf™ 1873 to have been £4,069,395; in Munster, £3,376,000 : in ^^er, £ 4)605,610; in Connaught, £1,357,867. The total amount of /oor- rate lodged was, in .Ulster, £1(36,030; Munster, £293.160 ; Leinster,. £306*884$ Connaught, £90,886. , The total expenditure of jioor relief in the four provinces Ulster, £198,556; Munster, W,il,705 ; Leinster, £336,522 : Con- naught, £105,560. Salaries and rations of officers absorbed in Ulster, £29,978; Munster, £40,144 j Leinster £39 415J} Connaught, £16,575. The totals nnder these respective heads gave, for the net A ™ lue of rate able property, £13,408,872; total amount of poor-rate £856,960; total expenditure, ,343—of which maintenance and clothing absorbed £447,308; salaries of officers, £126,052 ; medical charities and vaccination expenses, £139,274. The totals in 1872 were £13,329,354, showing an increase in 1873 of net annual value of ^teable property ia irelaid, amount »ng to £79,618; -£748,586, berng an iscrease of poor-rate lodged in 1873 of fins 374 ; £894,888, being an increase m Seuditure of £67,455. There was a fP e paae in 1873 in one or two items, but K " was small. The estimated t n ® V?s of persons receiving poor-rate during 1873 were, in Ulster, 56,300 • 6 /nor and 8000 out-door; Monster, J" 770 bx door and 24,000 out-door; I'pinster 94,300 in-door and 32,000 out- E conaaught, 21,000 in-door and 7000 out-door, which, with a small_ pro- Son of inmates in blind and deaf and & asylums, made the total receding ° ™ -piief to be, in Ulster 64,380, in CnsLr101,970, in Leinster 126,495, in Coight 28,045. The total receding poor- relief in Ireland up to. September 1873, was 320,890, as against 295,888 in 1872 These figures show an increase for 1873 of 25,002, of whom 17,000 were in-door and 8000 out-door. THE LORD MAYOR OF DUBLIN. The Right Hon. Maurice Brooks was on Thursday, 1st January, inaugurated Alderman J. W. Mackay, J-P. Large crowds assembled to witness the civic procession on its way to and from the kansion House, and the weather was very fair. The fine bands of the 14th Hussars and the 17th Lancers, and a squadron of the last-named regiment, as well as the mounted Metropolitan Police, took their position in front of the Mansion House, under the direction of Mr. Carroll, City Marshal. Among the early arrivals were the Fire Brigade, under the command of Captain Ingram, with their engines, hose reels, &c.; The carriages occupied by the members of the Town Council and by the private friends of the out-going and in-coming Lord Mayors, having set down their occupants at the Mansion House, were formed in line at the north side of Stephen's-green. Rarely has been seen anything in better keeping and taste than the equipages, liveries, &c.;, of the in-coming Lord Mayor, which were most generally and deservedly admired. The undress chariot, painted in rich marine blue, with the wheels and carriages painted en suite picked out with violet, its splendid hammer cloth, fine herald painting, the noble pair of horses by which it was drawn, as well as the faultless harness and liveries, combined to make up one of the most perfect "turn-outs" of the order that we have seen. This carriage was occupied by immediate relatives of the in-coming Lord Mayor, and as it drove off it was succeeded by the state chariot, which, by contrast, threw it completely in the shade. The Lord Mayor Elect, attended by his chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Carmichael, and his secretary, Mr. Jeffry Browning, occupied the state chariot. Next in order came the undress chariot of the outgoing Lord Mayor, and then his state chariot, which was occupied by the civic officers, bearing the Corporation insignia. The coming up of the old matchless and beautiful civic coach, drawn by six fine bays, came in for its usual annual salutation of welcome. The outgoing Lord Mayor, wearing his full robes and the collar of S.S., and attended by his chaplain, the Rev. T. O'Reilly, C.C., having entered the venerable and beautiful civic coach, the band of the 17th Lancers formed in front, and a guard of honour of the same regiment in the rear of the conveyance, brought up by the horse police ; and the entire procession was on its way to the City Hall shortly after twelve o'clock. All the windows along the route were fully occupied, and the people massed in crowds along the footways, but weTe most orderly and well conducted. The incoming and the outgoing Lord Mayors were warmly cheered by the people as they passed. THE MirOHEL TESTIMONIAL : LETTER FROM THE ARCHBISHOP OF TUAM. The Mitchel Testimonial Committee have received the following characteristic letter from the illustrious Archbishop of Tuam:— St. Jarlath's, Tuam, Dec. 28tfa, 1873. MY DEAR FATHER BURKE—I have much pleasure, as you are one of the trustees, in asking you to be the charitable medium of my mite towards the laudable tribute now in progress for John Mitchel by HIB countrymen. • Whatever may be the feelings of the political charlatans of the day, Mitchel was, though wanting in their calculating cunning, & faithful Irishman; and had he been less so he should not now require the aid of the present contribution. The honest biographer and eloquent panegyrist of Hugh O'Neill may well be deemed to have claims on all generous Irishmen; and if there are some who may think that a disinterested love of country does not establish a sufficient claim to that country's gratitude, let me add, in behalf of this noble-minded exile, an observation moBt pertinent and seasonable in the present circumstances of the world. Far from giving an exclusive monopoly of the mail, both body and mind; to any despot calling himself Csasar, Mr. Mitchel read and observed with religions reverence, " Give to CtBBar what belongs to Cfesar, and to God what belongs to God," and accordingly has tead an instructive lesson to the liigh- born bigots and despots of this age in allowing his children the inalienable right of worshiping their God independently of secular control, and returning, as some of them have choBen, to the bosom of the Catholic Church.—Believe me, dear Father Burke, very faithfully yours, JOHN, ARCHBISHOP OF TUAM. Very Rev. Thomas Burke, O.P. THE TALES OF "THE O'HARA FAMILY:" MICHAEL BANIM. The literary interest attached to authorship under noms de plume (says the Freeman) makes the following explanation as to the distinct parts which the Brothers Banim took in the production of their works particularly welcome. The present generation knows little of the interest which the appearance of these tales (the publication of which began in 1825) excited amongst the reading public, who fed upon the contemporary writings of William Godwin, Mrs. Opie, the Misses Porter, Maria Edgeworth, Lady Morgan, Miss Mitford, Mrs. Shelley, Maturin, John Gait, Washington Irving, Lockhart, Wilson, Morier, Theodore Hook, Ward, &c.; But the testimony of Robert Chambers {Cyclop, of Eng. Lit.) proves that " they produced a strong and vivid impression on all readers of fiction." The editor of the Kilkenny Moderator (whose well-known literary exactness is perfectly reliable) makes this explanation as to the authorship of the different works :— We copy elsewhere a kindly notice of the movement for a Banim Testimonial from the Freeman's Journal. The writer, however, seems to overlook Mr. Michael Banim's two contributions to literature since his brother's death—" Clough Fionn " and " The Town of the Cascades," both of which will bear very favourable comparison with any of the previous O'Hara Tales by either of the brothers. In our contemporary's article several of the O'Hara Tales are referred to, but the reader is left uninformed as to which of the brothers were the authors of each respectively. We may as well state bere that " Crohoore of the Billhook," " Father Connell," " The Mayor of Windgap," " The Croppy," "The Ghost-hunter," and "The Bit o' Writin'," were from the pen of Michael, the survivor. " The Nowlans," " The lioyne Water," " John Doe " (recently re-christened " Peep o' Day"), '.' The Fetches," &c.;, were by the late John Banim. As to the testimonial with which Ire- land is called upon to comfort Michael Banim's declining years, we are happy to learn that the committee in Kilkenny are receiving proofs of practical sympathy from different quarters throughout the country, making it, as it ought to be, a national tribute to Irish genius. LORD PORT ARLINGTON". The following admirable letter appeared in the Freeman, addressed to the Editor : Trin. Col., Dublin, 31st December, 1873. SIR—In the Freeman of this morning I find a letter which Lord Portarlington addressed to the Times newspaper a few days ago. In this letter his lordship complains of the bargain that was made in 1800 by the Irish House of Lords, by which they agreed to forfeit their right as peers to sit as members of the House of Lords. In introducing his measure, Lord Castlereagh used the following words : With regard to the peerage, I propose that the representative body of that part of the Legislature should consist of four spiritual and 28 temporal lords; and when it is considered that about 40 Irish peers, having great interests at stake in this kingdom, are already peers of Great Britain, I flatter myself that our interests in that branch of the Legislature will be sufficiently maintained by a body so numerous and respectable.— Speech in the House of Commons, 5th February, 1800. It is notorious that the Irish peers, with the exception of 20 of their number, not only consented to this doctrine, but for material considerations helped, to the best of their power, to carry it into effect. I hold, therefore, that no member of the Irish peerage, except one who joined in the protest of the 20 peers, can now fairly complain of the bargain. When a man makes a bargain and gets paid, the matter is concluded ; he cannot expect to be paid twice over. • . The dishonour under which the Irish peerage now labours was clearly foreseen and keenly felt by the noble, truly noble, lords who signed that protest, which, m my mind, will ever be the brightest ornament of their journals. I quote their words :. We enter our protest against the project of union, against the yoke which it imposes, the dishonour which it inflicts, the disqualification passed, upon the peerage, the stigma thereby branded on the realm. Against all these, and the fatal consequences they may produce, we have endeavoured to interpose our votes, and failing, we transmit our names in solemn protest on behalf of the parliament and constitution of this realm, the liberty which it Beoured, the trade whioh it protected, the -connection whioh it preserved, and the constitution whioh it supplied and fortified. This we feel ourselves called upon to do in support of our character, our honour, and whatever is left to us worthy to be transmitted to our. posterity. Lord Portarlington thinks it strange that there should be peers without the rights tor influence of peers—in fact, peers without peerages—-and llkensthe case to that of a bishop without a bishopric. "How long are these peers," he says, "to remain bishops without a bishopric, hereditary legislators robbed of their birthright?" They were not robbed of any right; to say so would be a contradiction of all history—they sold it, and hence the degradation. As for a bishop voiding his see by treachery, we have the authority of Holy Scripture—I refer to Acts i. 20 : For it is written in the Book of Psalms :— " Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein; and bis bishopric let another take." —I remain your obedient servant, JOSEPH A. GALBRAITH. THE BELFAST BANK FORGERS. At the Belfast Quarter Sessions the bank managers Smyth and Rodgers, who stood charged with an attempt to defraud the Belfast Banking Company of a sum of about £8000, pleaded guilty to the indictment. The prisoner Smyth told a melancholy story. He married, he said, on an insufficient income, became pecuniarily embarrassed, and, finally, appropriated money belonging to his employers in a vain effort to meet his liabilities., which seem to have been increased considerably by some Stock-Exchange speculations. At the time of his arrest his salary was but £300 a year, although he had been ever so many years in the service of the company. He added that his fellow-prisoner "had been dragged into the affair by him." Finally, it appears that the whole of the money charged to have been embezzled is irrecoverable. Smyth was condemned to twenty-two months' imprisonment with hard labour, and Rodgers to fifteen months' imprisonment without hard labour. The judge, Mr. Otway, Q.C., considered that the latter prisoner, besides being much the less guilty of the two, was in a state of health which rendered him unable to endure more than simple confinement. LARGE BEQUEST. The case of Cardinal Cullen v. the Attorney-General has come up before the Rolls Court, Dublin, on further consideration to carry out the trust of the will of the late Charles Egan, of High-street, Dublin, whose assets amounted to about £140,000, in addition to certain real estates worth £1400 per annum. The Master of the Rolls made an order confirming the Chief Clerk's certificate and the accounts of the trustees, and he also directed that the income of the residuary personal estate should be henceforth paid over to the thirteen charitable institutions mentioned in the will, so long as these institutions carried out the same objects as they had at time of the execution of the testamentary document. NATIONAL TENANT CONFERENCE. A national tenant conference has been held in Belfast. Mr. Crawford, the son of Mr. Sharman Crawford, who was one of the most prominent leaders of the Tenant Right movement, and the author of a famous Tenant Right Bill, occupic; 1 the chair. Delegate-farmers were in attendance from nearly all parts of Ireland, and amongst others, Mr. Callan, M.P.; Mr. Wm. Johnston, M.P.; Mr. M'Clure, M.P.; and Mr. Corry, M.P. The first day was occupied in listening to papers on the Land and kindred questions, by Dr. M'Knight, editor of the Derry Standard, and other gentlemen ; the second, in formulating the demands of the farmers of Ireland. The resolutions adopted were arrived at unanimously, and one of them declared for the legislation and extension to all Ireland of the Ulster Custom in its original entirety. The Northern farmers have thus made common cause with their brethren of the other three provinces, and we may add, as a significant circumstance, that according to the published reports of the proceedings, several explicit declarations were made in favour of the union of Irishmen in all parts of the country for national objects, and were received with marked enthusiasm. THE DYING DECLARATION OF WILLIAM ORR. The following is a copy of a very remarkable and interesting document which has found its way into the possession of Mr. Leonard Dobbin, whose maternal grandfather, James Cochrane, of Hilden, near Lisburn, was a fellow State prisoner of Orr for 13 months, and narrowly escaped his fate. The document bears no imprint, as, of course, to publish it was, at the time, a rather dangerous proceeding : THE DYING DECLARATION OF WILLIAM ORR, OF FERRANSHANE, IN THE COUNTY OF ANTRIM, TARMER. „ „ To THE PTTBLICK.—MY FRIEXDS AND COUN TBYMEN—In the Thirty-first Year of my Life I have been sentenced to die on tbe callows and this Sentence has been in Pursuance of a Verdict of Twelve men, who should have been indifferently and lmpartially chosen ; how far they have been eo, I leave to that County from which tbey have been chosen to -determine; and how far tbey have discharged, their,Duty, I leave to. their God and to themselves.- • :, v -Thpy have in pronouhcin&th;$ir Ysrdict thought proper to recommend me as an Object of human Mercy; in return, I pray to God, if they have erred, to have Mercy upon them. The Judge, who condemned me, humanely shed Tears in uttering my Sentence, but whether he did wisely in so highly commending the wretched Informer, who swore away my Life, I leave to MB own cool reflection, solemnly assuring him and all the World, with my dying Breath, That that Informer was foresworn. The Law under which I suffer, is surely a severe one; may the Makers and Promoters of it be justified in the Integrity of their Motives and the Purity of their own lives—by what Law I am stamped a Felon, but my heart disdains tbe Imputation. My comfortable Lot and Industrious Course of Life, best refute the Charge of being an Adventurer for Plunder ; but if to have loved my Country, to have known its Wrongs, to have felt the Injuries of the Persecuted Catholic, and to have united with them and all other Religious Persuasions in the moat orderly and least sanguinary means Means of procuring Redress :—If those be Felonies, I am a Felon, but not otherwise. Had my Council (for whose honourable Exertions I am indebted) prevailed in their Motion to have me tried for High Treason, rather than under the Insuirection Law, I should have been entitled to a Full Defence and my Actions and Intentions been better vindicated, but that was refused, and I must now submit to what has passed. To the generous Protection of my Country, I leave a beloved Wife, who has been constant and true to me, and whose Grief for my Fate has already nearly occasioned her Death. I leave five living Children, who have been my Delight—may they love their Country, as I have done, and die for it, if needful. Lastly, a false and ungenerous Publication having appeared in a Newspaper, stating certain alleged Confessions of Guilt on my Part, and thus striking at my Reputation, which is dearer to me than Life, I take this solemn Method of contradicting that Calumny. I was applied to by the High Sheriff aud the Rev. William Bristow, Sovereign of Belfast, to make a confession of Guilt, who used entreaties to that Effect; this I peremptorily refused ; did I think myself guilty, I should be free to confesB it, but, on the contrary, I glory in my Innocence. I trust that all my virtuous countrymen will bear me in their kind Remembrance, and continue true and faithful to each other, as I have been to all of them, with this last Wish of my Heart, nothing doubting of the Success of that Cause for which I suffer, and hoping for God's merciful Forgiveness of such Offences as my frail Nature may have at any Time betrayed me into, I die in Peace and Charity with all Mankind. WILLIAM ORB. Carrickfergus Gaol, October 5, 1797. •fl.B. The above Declaration was msde and read by William Orr, in the Presence of the Rev. Mr. Savage. ATTEMPT TO MURDER A BANKER, AND EXTENSIVE ROBBERY, AT CASTLEBAR. A highway robbery of a character to recall the exploits of the footpads of half a century ago was successfully perpetrated on January 6, within a distance of three miles from Castlebar. Mr. John Fitzgerald, accountant of the National Bank, Castlebar, was returning from Newport, nine miles distant, where a branch office is opened for business on Tuesday in each week. Mr. Fitzgerald travelled on an outside car, and was accompanied by the bank porter, a man named John Hannen, and by William Lealiill, the car-driver. The accountant had with him a sum of money, the exact amount of which is not ascertained, but it is believed to have been considerable. Two-thirds of the journey had been accomplished and they were driving through a bleak, unpopulated district, when the driver noticed several men getting over the ditch from the fields to the road a hundred yards or so ahead. Leahill, thinking the strangers might be labourers, busied in some work on the spot, drove on unsuspecting, till he reached within a few feet of the place. The accounts of what then happened are up to the present somewhat contradictory; but it is certain that the ruffians upon the road suddenly produced firearms, and, taking deliberate aim, fired at Mr. Fitzgerald and his companions. It is also stated that several shots were discharged by persons ambushed behind the fence. The volley took effect. Mr. Fitzgerald was shot in neck. The horse staggered on a few steps, and then fell between the shafts and died, shot through the head. Mr. Fitzgerald attempted to confront his assailants, but, stunned by the wound he received, ha reeled and fell senseless. The robbers now rushed upon the two men still uninjured Hannen and Leahill, both unarmed, found themselves unable tooffer resistance to the attack of half-a-dozen desperadoes, provided with guns, pistols, and bludgeons. They made their escape, and managed to reach Caatlebar, where they lost no time ini communicating their startling intelligence to Mr. Crosbie, the bank manager, and m alarming the police. Drs. Johnson and Walsh were also informed, and these gen- tlemen, as well as Mr. Crosbie, set off without delay for the scene of the occurrence. Here they found Mr. ^wgeMld lying as he had fallen, completely disabled bv the serious wound in his neck and .by loss of blood. The banditti had disappeared, carrying with them the money, which had & «towed away » tha vehicle. Mr. Fitzgerald was placed on a conveyance and carried to Castlebar, where he now lies in a precarious conditian, very much to the regret of all who knew him. Mr. Hill, C.I., and Mr. L. D. Mullery, S.I.,with a Btrong party of police, have set energetically to work to hunt down the perpetrators of this extraordinary outrage. It is needless to say that the occurrence has caused the intensest excitement in this usually quiet locality. The townspeople and the residents of the districts through which the news has penetrated have been flocking all the afternoon to the scene of the attack. 