~ STRANGERS AND PILGRIMS. I Br Misa BRADDON. " J I BOOK TIIE THIRD-CHAPTER XII. j *. Tint was my true love's voice. Where Is be? I lieu Ulm call. I am free I Nobody nball hinder me. I will fly bis neck, mind He oa hi» bosom. Be called Margaret! 1 stood upon tho threshold, tn the midst--through the ho\ ¡ag kail uhottoring of hell-through tho grim, devilish sisolH -I knew tho sweet, the lovlujr tone again," A ajmoioas old-fashioned mansion north of Londo among¡tlio green by-roods between Barnet and AVatfon a noblo ola hondo, red brick, of tho Anno period, wii contra and wings making tliroo sidos of n. quadrangle a stately old houso, lying remoto from tho high-rbai and surrounded by pleasure-grounds nnd nark-tl latter somewhat nat and dreary, but on a high lavo with glimpses of a fins landscape boro and thèi through tho break in tho wood. Tho houso ha bolonged to iv law lord of tho Augustan ago of goo Puoon Anno ; a once famous law lord, whoso portrn. in wig and stnto robes looked down from tho panolle walls, and was Hung into tho bargain on very oas terms, among crystal chandeliers, anttquo fondera nn fire-irons, shutter-bells, and other conveniences of a bj gone ago. From the law lord the mansion had des cended to a wholesale .grocer of tho Sir-Balaam type who thought "two puddings"--luxuries, and rollo« ponderously to Mincing. Laue every day in Iiis glase coach. Thon came an Anglo-Indian colonol, cnriohoi by tho plunder of silver-gated cities and Brahminicn temples, who hold high jinks in tho old houso, un. endod hy throwing hiiuBolf from an upper window in ; fit of dolirium tramons. This helped to givo tho nous, a had name, and togothcr with its. curiously isolate) position, remoto from nil modes of conveyance-ai extremo inconvenience in au ago when overybod; requires to bo convoyed-tender to,depress its ¡narko' value; whoreupon it was bought a dead bargain by i speculativo solicitor, who tried to let it for some yean without BUCOOSS, during which poriod tho inhabitant, of Hothoridgc, a little village half a milo distant, wen oonflrmod in tho'r conviction that Hothcridgo Hall, the mansion in question,'was tho favourite rosort ol " Hags, ghosts, and sprites That haunt the nights." ? lu due time, howover, tho placo came under thc notice of Dr. Oatnoron, who, as lils patients incroasod in number, required a largor mansion - than that In which his father had begun business, and who, finding in ffothoridge and its hull a situation and an nbodo at once eligible and inexpensive, mado haste to scoure houso and grounds ona louglcnsc, Rotting tho portraits of tho law loni nnd his olivp-bronohes flung in for nn old song, ns well ns grounds furnishad with soma of tin» finest Bpocimous of the fir triho iu the county of Hort«. Ho tho roblo imiBic-rooiii, whoro tho bewigged and bopowdored- family of the law lord smirked, nnd simpered on tho pnuolied{walls, aud whoro the law lord 'himself had ontortnincd tho olito of tho country-sido with stately old- fashioned hospitality, was now given up to tho wcoltly junkotiiigs of ladles and gcntlomon of moro or less disordered intellect ; ladies upon whoso head- gear, and gentleman upon whose collars and cravats, eccentricity lind not Unseal. Hero ando a week throughout tho slow long winter the doctor's patients pranced and capered through First Sots and Lnnoors »nd Caledonians ; while tho youngal and moro fashion nblo ninonfr them ovon ossayod round dances.. Hore, in full view of thoso stately ofllglcs of tho patch-and powder poriod, mild refreshment in tho way of white wino, nogus, nnd^mspbcrry-jnin tarts was dispensed between nino o'clock und ten : wlion tho jmikotors dis- persed moro or less unwillingly to tholr several chambers, under closo guard of nurses and koopoin, who dravo thom along pnssngosand up stnlroasos UKO a flock of sheol). Tho traveller, lingering u few moments ny mu inn« fence to look down tho long straight avonuo nt thc grim red facade of Hotheridgo Hall, was apt, knowing tile story of tho nineo, to fancy diro neun os of horror within tlioso solid old wall» : soorot dungeon chambors iiiitler-croniid, in willoh wretched creatures, forgotten hy nil tho world except otio brutal guardián, Innguislied in sempiternal darkness, ohiiinod to n damp black wall, against which tho slimy rats pushed noiselessly to fight for tho madman's scanty moid ; dreary windowless rooms) in tho honrt of tho house, approached hy secret passages known of. but by n tow, whore palo white hnirod women pined in a life-long silouco. ? Hut thoro wore noitlior raiera nor jiisniti in Dr. Oamoron's prosperous and oomfortnblo establishment ; and tho only lion ora -within that melancholy inmisión woro tho gloomy thoughts of tlioso among its occuimuts who wore not imito mad enough to bo unconscious of their' state, or tho blnolc dospair of tlioso in whom inndnoss was a thing of violeuoo nnd terror, n ooasolesa fovor of tho brain, Lko n caldron forovor nt uoilihg-point, full of fallóles glim and loathsoino ns the constituents of a witch's holl-brotli. Happily for tho dootor, thoro was a good deal of oomfortnblo easy-going lunnoy in hlr establishment : patients who liked tholr dinner, nud kopc up tholr sphlts by quarreling with onoh other and rovlllng tholr luiries. Homo of theso custodians were amlablo young women enough, and really Jdnd to tholr eharsos; but thero was another class of attendants who, finding Ufo in nn asylum rnthor a dull business, took it out of tho pntlcnto, nnd acquired a diabolical si.Ill in tho admlnls tration of BIJ* iiinclies nnd invlslblo squoezoa in public whilo in private their mode of remonstrance with refractory or fretful pationt took the moro open forr of bangs and- kicks. Any braises or nhrasions result ing from this rough-and-roady stylo of argument wer easily accounted for ns having boon self-intliotod by th patient "poorthing." Tho dootor was a man of considerable bonovolence who conducted his houso on a liberal scale, gave hi patients airy rooms, ampio servioo, and good living and only faded to socare them from tho possibility o ill-usage for tho slmplo reason that ho was not ubiquit ous. Ho did not livo at Hothcridgo, but drove dowi from tho West End once or twice a week in his broug ham, saw a few particular oases, smiled his soothing smile upon tho victims of mental delusion, dcxtrouslj fenced those strange diroet questions which madness ii apt to put to its guardian, walked through tho public rooms, made a good many . inquiries, looked about hine in a general way, took a chop and a glass or two of drj sherry with his subordinate-tho medicolsuperintondonl at Hetheridgo-and then wont baok to his metropolitan practico, whioh was a largo ono. ' In this strange abode Elizabeth ¿woko one morning from a long troubled dream of a swift journey through tho land, bound like a captive in a corner of tho rad way ourringo ; for had she not resisted this transit, opposing hor sudden removal from Slogh-na-Dyack with what little foroe she had ? wheroby tho physician, kindly as his nature was, felt himself called upon to oxoroise his authority with a certain soverity of aspect, and to treat Lady Paulyn as a noughty child. requiring nursery discipline. Darker than the darkest dream that ever visited the couch of fever was that i.-pid journey from north to Bouth. : The swiftness of tho transit was in itself an agony to. that enfeebled brain ; the perpetual monoton- ous thump of the engine, like tho throbbing of soma giant heart heating itsolf to doath ; the coasaless shift- ing of tho landscapo-moor and mountain, valley and wood, flitting jiast behind tho blinding rain, like shadows moving in a phantom world ; all theso.things wero torment to that distracted mind. No warning of tho intonded journey had been given to tho patient, no hint of impend'og chungo in her modo of life ¡ for doctors and nurses nliko concun-od in tronting hera's if sho had been a sick child. From tho hour in which hallucination sot in, this infantino treatment had been religiously observod. Tho possibility of a bright intellect struggling in an agony of perplexed thought behind tho dim clouds that obscured it was utterly ignored. Because tho patlont thought wrongly -upon some points, sho waa set down at once ns incapablo of roasonablo thought upon nny point. Left in tho dismal blankness of isolation-no friendly word whispered in her oar, no tidings of tho outer world permitted to dispute tho dominion of wild imaginings-her weakened bram had been wonriod by psrpetual wonder at her own state, and why she was thus out off from all communion with her lund. On the morning ot mo journey sno ima ueon uiv> Uko a child who is take« for an airing, her travel] dross hustled upon lier by tho nurse's impatient hat I dragged down tho stairs against her will-protest j vehemently, in wildest despair, as if movod by sc propbotio sonso of impending doom. Then cami droam-lika apathy, in which thought was not, only acuto agony of shattered nerves. ? ' For some timo after har arrival at Hotlioridga Pa Lady 1'aulyru.was pronounced unfit for tho social oin ns there represented by a small assemblage of lad and gentlemen of various habits and opinions, wh the woild, as roprcsohtcd by doctors and commission of lunaoy, hnd agreed in pronouncing ofjunsoum'jmii Thoy woro not, on tho whole,, widely different fr othor ladies and gontlomen, nor did their lum exhibit thoso salient points which afford material the pen of a Warron or a Gilbert ; in fact, tlioy i little to distinguish themselves from tho vulgar hi of tho sane. . . ' They woro a shade moro disagreeable than tho o side world, oroxhibitod their various ill tempers m f roely ; grumbled a great deal upon every possible si jeet, and each pursued his or hor lino of thought wi out referonco to oxtornal oircumstanccs, with a hal loss egotism not uncommon oven in tho outer world . But to thoso specimens of tho late stage of J Cameron's procoss, wlüchwero in a manner tho bedd out plants of his oollcotion, removed from the forcit house or tho hot-bed of solitary confinement into i open, Lndy Paulyn was not yot considerad fit to introduced. Such at least - was the opinion - of 1 Cameron and tho house. surgeon, who took th opinions from tho nurses. Their own visits to lin Paulyn's rooms only showed them a motionless iigi in an arm- chair, with palo dejected faoe,, and loosen hair tossed bnok from,a,.woary:lookinff brow; a lu gard face, and wild tearless oyes which gazed at th« wonderingly out of a dream-world. Tho systom in this caso Was'naturally tho systi usual in other cases ; what physician could ohop a ohango his treatment to suit tho idiosyncrasies of ove new patient? The samo smoothing smile which I Cameron, like tho sun which ninnes alika npon tho ji and tho unjust, shed upon a crazy stock-broker whe mental hillanco had tottered in unison with his balan at his banker's under tho cumulative burden of, co tango, ho shod also upon Lady Paulyn. Tho "geni goaturo with willah he smoothed tho roughened loc of the wonlthy grocer's wife, who had succumbed to too devoted attention to tho wino-find-spirit dopa meut of her husband's business, wits the samo touc half-patronizing, half- oarossfng, which ho laid Ilka Rood man's blessing upon Elizabeth's fevered forehen Ho. had oven a little sympathaUo murmur, a fai humming, as of a benevolent boo, whioh ho bestow alike upon all first-class patients. Bo porhnps humm a triflo loss for the second-class boarders, but ovon f thorn ho had kindly pitying.smiles, but always as ol suporior ordar of boing, whoso brain lind been co Btruotod upon quite another model, and was altogcth a difforont kind of machine, not by any possibility bo disorganized. Sr. Cameron, devoting fivo minutes twice a week < so to this very interesting case, was greeted by tl Satient only witli| a despairing |siIcnco and mute wo; oring looks from troubled eyes-wonder ? at th period predominating ovor every, other sensation wonder why «ho was m that placo ; why ho, Malcoln had no uttorly desorted her ; why all her surroundin; had undergone a chango so sudden and complete thi seemed to her as if sha wns un infant newly boru into now. world-wondor whioh was mute, for when si tried to speak strange words came, : and tho powor < lnnaungo scorned to hnvo left hor. excopt in spnsraodj outbursts of complaint, complaint addressed to tho bat walls or to her adamantino nurses. ( Dr. Cameron soi inglhor in this state, and'being duly informed b loqunolous nursos that Lady Paulyn was violont an hysterical, bogan to think tho chances of. apoody our more than doubtful. Tho patient tolkod to herself Croat don!, har nurses told him, and obstinately refusa to sloop, in which peculiar temper sho was tho wors subject they had over had to deal with. " "We don't got a wink of sloop for hours at a stretch,' complained Nurso Barber, of the grenadier aspoat " Talking to herself all night lon?, drumming with he Angora on tho wall, and that roatlcja I Turn and turn and toss and tass from side to sido, and sigh and moai ia a way that goos to tho marrow 1 I think for troublo sameness she's about tho worst patiout I ovor laid oyoi on." "Doos «ho ovar speak of her husband now?" askec tho' dootor, inquiring far- some token of nwakontnf memory. " Lord bless you, no, Sir ; and if wo say any thing I about him, stands us out, up lilli and down dais,'that there's no such porson, and that alto novar wns married. Onco when I montloned his nnmo, thinkin' as that mhrlit bring her to roason, she looktd at mo with hot I foolish smile, twisting her hair round her fingors all tho timo, nnd said, ' Poor Lord Paulyr. I Yos, ho' was in lovo with mo onoo, poor follow ! But that's all over. I was trao to Malcolm.' AB to tho way she carries on about that Malcolm, it's downright wicked." .So Dr. Cnmoron looked kindly at the troublosomo patient, hummed and ha'd a littlo in his mild way, willoh meant that ha could maka nothing of har, mur- mured somothhig professional to himsolf about corobrnl disturbance, Uko a dook which strikes in an ompty room from the mero habit of striking, and dapnrtod, knowing just nB much at out tliat curious mystery 6f tho human mind in this oaso, as he know in tho case of tho dniukon grocer's -wife, ortho domonted stook-jobbor, prcBcriblng almost exactly tho/samo treatment, with n littlo diiferenco nB to diet, porhnps, sinoo this was a moro dolicate1 organisation- Itouaiillon instead of bottled stout, tho breast of /a chicken instead of n rump-stank-departed, and loft liliznhoth. in tho titfor darkness of a lonely room iud in tho power of tho nurses sho abhorred. Tho lottery of nureos ls riot unlilco that lottery to which soino atrabilious misogynist has comparad mar- riage It is liko dipping for a singla aol in a ling of «nnkosl Elizabeth's first draw hnd rcsultod in snakes. Har two nurses wore, first, tho grenadier woman, with tho musclos of n'glndiator, not a badly disposed porson, perhaps, could ono have arrived at tho motive principio of her naturo, but using hor enormous strength half unconsciously, and having n fixed opinion that physical force waa tho only treatment for a mind askew; secondly, a vain protty girl, who enjoyed iv flirtation with a keeper or gentlemanly luuatlo on tho high-road to recovery hotter than tho solitudo ut tho patlont's chamber, who had adopted tho position of mad-house nuiso bocauso lt paid hotter than pleasanter modes of Industry, nnd who wreaked hor disgust for hor calling upon tho subjoot of her caro. She was morally worse than tho grodndior, heartless and shallow boyond all mensuro, and maliciously gratified at1 having a lady nt hor morey. ? Thus followed the long days and tho longer nights; nights for tho grontor patt utterly without sleep, long watobos in tho dim light of tho night-lamp, watches through whioh nil tho imps and damons of madness hold their horrid Sabbath inf that ono Unresisting brain ; nights in whioh tho patiout s mind was Uko a rudder- less ship driven thousands of milos out of hor course or Ilka a star that has boon loosed from Hs naturi stntion in heaven to reel tempest-driven tlirough inGi lito space. "Who daro follow tho thoughts of tho distracted brain, tho inextricable _ tangió of wakin 1 dreams and shreds of memory, going buck to chili hood's cloudiest recollections of a world that seemo sweotor than tho world known in later years ? No wero those silent nights voiceless for her Voices tba she loved spoko to her from tho corridor outside ho door, only divided from her by that fatal locked doo: Sometimes it was her mother's gontlo half-plaintiv tono, ns of ono who had always found lifo a thing t grumble nt ; sometimes her baby's tiny voico .cullin with his first brokon wont, the teador cry She had boo so proud to hear ; sometimes lier father's genial tones for in this long droam of wadaoss death wns not. Bu oftonost of all eamo the voioo of Malcolm Forde. H was always near her. There were nights whon-'h would not speak, but sho was not the less convincoi of his presenoe. . Sho knelt by that cruel door in tin dead of tho night-whilothe nurses, strotohod grim!; on their truoklo-bods, kept guard over hor as tho; slept-and laid her head against tho panel, and fol that her loved onos wore nour her ; felt ns if their vor; broath shod a gentío warmth through the magiiotii wood, and mel tod tho ico at her heavy hoarfc. Sho wa as certain of their vicinity ns BIIO hat! over been of. un; fact in her lifo. Sho novor doubted, nover qucstionct how they had como thore, wondorcd nt nothing oxeep why sho was separated from them, and this, sovorauci sho carno by-and-by to ascribe to tho settlod ouraity o hor nurses. With tho'gray light of morning'that dream woult vanish, and give placo to another fancy, or sometime: to a period of dull apathy, an absolute blank, in whicl perhaps tho bruin rested after its nightly fever. Shi was quiet enough in tho day, tho nurses admittod to oacl other, wheroby they contrived to steal various houri for their own amusements, gossip or flirtation, as tin ease might be, whilo tho pationt sat niano and stn rei at tho fire, whoso dangerous properties were guarded bi a largo wire screen. Against- this net-eon Elizabet! loaned, and looked into the fire, which seemed th< most sympathetic thing in her narrow world, nut struck wild chords on tho wires of tho guard, ani imagined tho music that should have answered to hoi todoli, and ovon played somo simple melody of dnyi gone by-" Vodrai carino," or " Voi clio snpote." No ono essayed to help her back to senso and memory. The doctors carno and looked at hor, and patted her on tho head, and passed from before hoi sight like tho shifting shadows of a magie lantern, nnci had about as inuoh monning for her. No ono tried tc awaken her senses from their long dream with books 01 genial talk, with music, or picturos, or flowors, or nnj of tlioso familiar thinjs that might lmvo touched thc mystic chords ol memory. Thore wrji a certain routine for all patients at Hotlierid^u Hall, -where madness was cured, or taken care of, upon a wholesale system not admitting of minuto diitcreuccs. A c3iníortab]c open carringo was maintained for tho uso of tho first class patients, and these, when pronounced well enough for such indulgence, woro allowed to communo with nature daily 'during an ' hour's driva, generally on tho same turnpike-road. A glimpso of the outer world wluoh raised strango vague longings in some distrnotod minds, while for other more sluggish spirits the wido wintry landscape nnd tho distant dome of St. Paul's soon dimly athwart n bluo-jray cloud, seemed no moro than a picture flashod before their troubled eyes-a picturo of fields and hedgerows and sky and cloud dimly remembered in somo formor stage of existence. Dorins the first six weeks of her residenco at Hothe ridgo-time of which the patient herself kept no count, but which'seemed rather a vast blank interval, a dismal pauso wherein lifo carno to a stand-still, than so many days and nights-Lady 1'nulyn was pronounced too weak for out of-door exorcise of uny kind whntovcr, and in this poriod sho scarcely saw the sky. It was there certainly-tho hluo vault of honvon-visiblo from the upper part of her, window, tho lowor linlf hoing kept elosoly shuttorod lest abo should do herself 11 mischief; for Nurso Harbor remembered mid dwelt upon that little opisodo at Slogh-iia-Dyaók when sho had sought to forco herself out of tho window. The sky was thcro, within roach of her dull oyos, and sho did not look up nt it. Her brain was a medloy of old thoughts, a chaos of many-coloured scraps nnd nhrcsd, liko a good housekeeper s rag-bag. All her married life-with its social triumphs, its unbroken brilliancy, its splendour and extravagance-was as if it had nover I boen ; and young - memories, childish fancies, and tho I days whon her first and only love ripened into passion, 1 uusurped her mind. Madness, which in its worst folly I has. a curious tondoney to hit upon universal truths, \ revealed tho unquenohablo power of a first poetic lovo i - a lovo which, puro as tho vestni's sacred Prc, burns with its quiot light through all tho storms of lifo, and ! grows brighter as tlir- pilgrim's path descends tho I valley where tho shadows thicken on tho border-land of I lifo and death. 