®In <2j>hmiItP2. Church of England. — Confirmation was on Wednesday, the 13th instant, administered to between forty and fifty candidates, the joint gatherings of Waterloo and Botany, at St. Silas , She Bishop of Sydney having kindly consented specially to officiate in consequence of the great distance from Botany to St. Andrew's Cathedral. The church on the occasion was crowded. The Rev J. M. Manning performed the introductory Services, and the Bishop delivered a most im pressive address, taking his text from John x. 27 "My Bheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me." After the ceremony the new confirmants connected with St. Silas' held a meeting, and resolved to present the Incumbent with some tangible expression of thankfulness for his kindness in preparing them for confirmation. In accordance with this decision the young people met at St. Silas' Schoolroom on Saturday evening, when the fol lowing address was presented to Mr. Manning : — "Rev. and dear Sir,— We the undersigned members of your Confirmation class, beg you to accept the accompanying clock as a slight token of our heartfelt gratitude for the spiritual in struction you have imparted to ns. We trust that your teaching may influence for good our future lives, and that we shall always look back with pleasure to our meetings. .Earnestly pray ing that the Almighty may preserve you and Mrs. Manning in healthy and strength, . and spare you long to labour in this parish, and that your ministry may abundantly be blessed in the conversion of souls, we sub scribe ourselves, Rev. and dear Sir, your grate ful and affectionate friends." Here follow the signatures. The Rev. Mr. Manning, in accept ing what was a pretty and useful present, re turned thanks in that happy style which is his wont. At St. Silas', Waterloo, and at Botany, the rev- incumbent lias in his spiritual labours done much good, and many indeed would bo sorry to lose him. — On Saturday afternoon the foundation stone of a school-church was laid by the Bishop of Sydney, in the presence of a large number of persons, including the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, Revs. Canons King and Stephens, Rev. J. D. Brennan, Rev. Dr. Barry, Rev. Mr. Moreton, and Rev. Mr. Taylor. A trowel and mallet having been presented to the Bishop, be duly laid the stone, saying : — " I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a school-church to be built in this place, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." A hymn was sung, and other prayers offered ; after which theBishop addressed the assemblage. It was in a small building of a temporary character, probably open to the roof, in which the Apostle Paul preached by the river side at Philippi. Tboy would observe that this building was termed a school-bouse. It would be a substantial stiucture, but it was intended that hereafter it should give place to a church, perhaps with tower and spireB. In the mean time the Word of God would bo preached in this building, and the prayers of "their beloved church offered, prayers such as John Wesley spoke of when he said that there was no Litany in the world that would compare in itB Scriptural character with the Liturgy of the Church of England, and of which Robert Hall said that it stood in the fore front of uninspired c repositions. That the Word of God would be faithfully preached there none of them would doubt who were acquainted with the clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Brenuan. As to the future, while there were no doubt some dark clouds in the sphere of the Church of England, at home, there were many things upon which they had great reason to congratulate themselves and thank God. He believed that there was never a period in the history of the world in which there were so many good men engaged in doing good as there were now ; and assuredly the Church of England had its share of these men. There never was a time in which there were more available means for imparting spiritual blessings to their fellow- men than were at work at this moment, and he thought the Church of England might claim a share of these means. He believed that the spirit of devotedness, the spirit of love to God and to the souls of men, was at work through out the whole Church, and he did not limit his remarks to the Church of England, which, in comparison with what was the case at this period of the last century, constituted one of the most marvellous changes that mankind had witnessed. At the same time there remained something to be accomplished, before the Church could reclaim its prominent position as a portion of that reformed Church, which had been the glory of Christ in the portion of the world in which it had been placed. Let it be admitted that there was something to be removed. Why the finest ships that were ever built must occa sionally he brought" into a dry dock to be examined and cleaned. Doubtless some of them had read of the wonderful incrustations and other retarding materials that had been found adhering to the sides of one of the most noble vessels now in their harbour. But it was an easy work to clear the ship of these encumb rances, andii at the present time after three hund red years there have certain errors crept in, and there were certain practices adhering to the Church of England which the Reformation had loft clear, why then let the Archbishop of Can terbury come forward with his bill, and let the laity second the efforts which his Grace was about to make, and then when the good ship of the Church of v England was restored to its former condition of purity, and cleansed from all incumbrances and incrustations which had adhered to it, assuredly it would proceed on its course with freBh and happy vigour, and still carry forward the blessings of the Gospel to the people. He had great reason to believe that there was a change in the state of public feeling generally in England. The members of the C-hnreh of England, like Englishmen general! v, were very tolerant, and great forbearance had been exorcised towards those wlibm they believed i i v.n ®ror 'l-l'c Church had borno a great deal, but it had borne as much as it was likely to hear ; and the time was at hand when the people ot the Church of England, alive to the. dangerous . conspiracy organizing against ' Evan gelical religion, would arise and require, that whatever was evil should be put. away, and that the Church of Eug'aul should not bo cari catured by that miserable imitation of Popery called Ritualism. Well, would it be when this took place ; for assuredly Ritualism was a great reproach and evil in the Church of England. It was one of the reasons for which help was with held from it, one of the causes of frequent division, and one of the standing reproaches against the Church by those who wished its overthrow. He must say, for himself that, if he did not believe that the Church would be relieved from these evils, he should take very little interest in the extension of the Church of Eng land. His faith was not at all shaken, for he believed that it wonld please God to hear the devout prayers of his people to make the Church again the glory and praise of the world. This particular effort had his most cordial sympathy, and he congratulated those specially interested in the success of their efforts. The building would cost £1100 and it wonld seat 450 adults. One-third of the sittings wonld be free. He trusted that a considerable addition would be made to the means at the disposal of the com mittee. A collection was then made, and amounted to £56. The Bishop closed the proceedings with prayer and the benediction. Church of England Temperance Society. — The crews of H.M.S. Pearl, Challeugcr, Dido, Conflict, Alacrity, and Sandfly were entertained yesterday evening at a tea meeting, given by the committee of the Church of England Temperance Society, in St. James's schoolroom. Proceed ings were opened by the Rev. Canon O'Reilly re questing the meeting to sing "grace before tea." After tea grace had been sung and a hymn, copieB of which were circulated amongst all pre sent, the Bishop (the president of the society) delivered a short and stirring address, which evidently pleased our naval friends, judging from the applause with which it was received. A hymn was then sung, followed by a brief and earnest speech on the benefits of total abstinence, from Mr. W. J. Forster, who alluded to the fact of his father having been a naval officer, and stated that he felt gratified on all occasions to meet with sailors of H.M.'sNavy. After Mr. Foster's speech, No. 2 hymn on the programme was sung. The Rev. Canon O'Reilly then spoke at some length upon the dire effect of the liquor traffic. The rev. gentleman was frequently stopped by liis hearers, who showed their ap preciation of his remarks by repeated rounds of applause. No. 3 hymn was then sung, after which Mr. Druce (city missionary) addressed the meeting, followed by an earnest address by the Commodore, giving his experience as a total abstainer. The Bishop called upon any present who wished to speak to do so. One sailor arose and thanked the committee on behalf of himself and messmates for the pleasure they had received that evening. The proceedings closed with the National Anthem and the benediction by the Bishop. Besides those aboveinentioned, the following ladies and gentlemen were present — Mrs. Barker, the Dean and Mrs. Cowper, Sir W. Manning and Lady Manning, tho Rev. Mr. Lnngley and Mrs. Langley, Rev. Mr. Bode, Rev. Mr. Manning, Rev. Mi-.' Earl, Captain Saun ders, Captain Ehlrcd, Mr. James Watson, M.L.A., Mr. C. Lewis, ancl other members of the committee. There were about 300 nersoiis present. — Herald. Congregational. — The anniversary meeting of the Bourke-street Congregational Church was held on Tuesday evening. It was also intended as a celebration of tho thirteenth anniversary of the Rev. Thomas Johnson's connection with the Church. The tea took place in the school-room, in Bourke-street, and owing to the inclemency of the weather was only attended by some 150 persons- The public meeting which followed was held in the church. It was presided over by the Rev. Mr. Johnson. The receipts for church purposes alone had been £662 Gs. In additiou to this tliey had ereceed a school-room at tho corner of Riley and Devonshire-street, at a cost of £500. The school in Devonshire- street, although only opened in November last, already required the adding to it of an infant schoolroom. The congregation had recently determined to provide an assistant to the Rev. Mr. Johnson, a young gentleman, who might still for a time pursue his studies at Camden College. They had also recently determined to erect a new church in lieu of the present iron one, towards the expense which would have to be incurred they had already £743 in promises. There were now on the rolls of the Bourke-street Sunday-school 447 scholars, and 37 teachers, with an average attendance of 320 scholars; while at the school in Devonshire-street there were 12 teachers and about 150 scholars. At Devonshire-street school the numbers on the roll were steadily increasing. The meeting was addressed by several clergymen. During the evening the church choir, under the able leader ship of Mr. Salier, sang a number of anthems iu a highly satisfactory manner. Presbyterian.— On Thursday week last the congregational meeting of St. Andrew's Church, Newcastle, was held, the Rev. T. Gordon, the colleague of tho Rev. Mr. Coutts, being in the chair. The report of the retiring committee was read, and a new committee appointed. Both ministers spoke of the circumstances in which the church was placed, and gave heartening counsel as to the labour of the future. It was resolved that arrangements should be made to welcome the new minister and to express the gratitude of the people for the recovery of the senior minister, the details being left to the new committee which had just been appointed. — The Rev. Mr. Wardrop, recently arrived from Scotland, preached last Sabbath iu the church at Orange to a very large congregation. The rev. gentleman intends to spend another Sabbath in that place, where the interest of the Presbyterian people has rallied to give him a welcome.— Mr. Joseph Paxton, the respected elder of the Hill End church, has proceeded to Forbes to lay the foundation stone of the new church (tliere, under the pastoral charge of the Rev. A. A. Aspinall. — The Rev. Dr. M 'Gibbon will preach in the Wallsend church on Sabbath 24th, in connexion with the anniversary of tho settlement of the Rev. Mr. Mood, and will lectnro on Monday evening on "The religious movements of the present day." — The Rev. Mr. Cutlibcrt, at present preaching in Yass, has been appointed to the cburcli in Murrurundi, for three months. — The Rev. Mr. Stewart, formerly of Orange, is still continued in Wollon- gong, where he has created a very favourable impression. — Tlie Rev. W. Gardner, recently of Queensland, having just arrived in this colony, will proceed to Queanbeyaif and Yass, where he will give his services' for tlie next three months. —The Rev. Mr. Macready, of Sydney, has been visiting Moray a, and 'giving ministerial services there. — The Rev. R. S. Paterson, of Pyrmont, went to Grafton by last steamer for the induc tion of the Rev. Mr. lnne's. On Sabbath 17th the induction service took place, Mr. Paterson preaching. In the evening Mr. Innes officiated at Grafton and Mr. Paterson at Ulmarra. A congregational tea meeting was to be arranged for on an evening during the week most com venient. 