THE TRANSIT OF VENUS. This rare astronomical event will take plaee today, the following being the hours when tlis various phases of the transit will be visible, according to Melbourne, mean time. External contact at ingress .. 11.28-22 Internal contact at ingress .. 11.55-32 Least distance of centres .. 1.43 5< Internal contact at egress .. 3.30-36 External contact at egress .. 4. 0' 2 To the non- astronomical, the great matter of interest will be how to observe tbe transit, especially if they happen to have no astronomicol instruments, a telescope, or the like. The transit can be seen with the naked eye, but this is too dangeroui, as the brilliance of the sun's rays may destroy tho eight, as in the case of a great Italian astronomer. The sin,pleBt mode, for the million, is to uee smoked or colored glass, else injury to the eyes ma; result. It will make the smoked glast more serviceable if transparent tracing paper is glued on to the smoked part. In regard to observing the transit, care should be taken to watch the star for some time before contact, as tbe most beautiful pbtmona are witnessed at the moment of contact. The effects of irradiation cause a curious phase when the planet reaches the sun. Instead of a notch appearing at that momunt, a straight line wiil be observed ; this is the external contact; this will gradually assume a pear shape, then a flattened disc, and when the whole of the planet is nearly oo the sun's face, it will appear as if united by tfie pear shaped ligament which will immediately change to the flue line—the internal contact, the important point in the whole transit, ami that on which all observations will be founded.—Herald. ? ? A SHORT laTE.—"Within one month from the completion of the first home in Pitholic City, Pennsylvania, that city had a telegraph office and hotel, costing the owner over 10,000 dollars. In one moDth more there was a daily paper established, and in the next a theatre; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there'were 74 hotels and boarding houses; in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 peopi' 1 , elaborate waterworks, a city hall, and an expensive city government. Then occurred the completion of a labor saving enterprise the so-called Miller Farm Pipe line, by which the petroleum was sent ofi independent of the labouring population. At once four hsusand persons were thrown out of employment, while 2000 houses became useless. This was the eath-blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the heatres, and the telegraph were closed, and the ally paper gave np its ghost, while almost everyone acked up his trunk and moved out. Only nine amilies remained ont of a population of 15,000 ouls, while the railway from Pithole and Oleopolis uns only one train a day, consisting of a locomotive nd a single car, Which is usually empty ; but tbe ompany IB obliged to keep running, otherwise the harter ef the road would be lost. Tbey still hope gainst hope for.better times for that unfortunate ity, which in only seven months was born, full rown, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a ase unprecedented in history modern or ancient. 