AT a meeting of the Board of Health last week the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown was read, to the eftcct thiit there was no power under the Public Health Act to declare the country around Moonta a Health District, it not being conterminous with any District Council. The clause by which the Governor is empowered to deline by specific boundaries any place not being a town, t» which it shall be deemed expedient thai; the Act shall apply, contains a proviso to the effect that each sucli place shall lie conterminous with, or comprehended within some district established under the District Councils Act. It was considered by the Board that the Act should be amended; at present it appeared there was no power to deal with the Moonta district, where above all, in the opinion of the Board, it was most required. The Presicient stated that he was in correspondence with the Directors of the Moonta Mines on the subject. As to the Act being required in the Moonta district, abcoe all other districts in the colony, we have before pointed out, that the average rate of mortality iu this district does not exhibit an alarming- excess incomparison with that of any part of the province. Exceptional cases of sickness have arisen on the Peninsula which in the Presidents own words, have been solely due to the drinking- ofiinpure water. Now if the Board could furnish a supply of wholesome water to the district we should be disposed to believe that the causes of sickness amongst us would to a very labours of a local board would be light. But we opine that this provision of a good supply of wholesome water would be beyond the power of the Board to give. There are doubtless some sanitary improvements necessary in regard to dwellings, cess- pits, and drainage ; for in absence of regulations, every man's tastes or convenience have been as a u law unto himself," regardless or nearly so, of the wishes of his neighbours; and in some cases the existing state of things has been productive of a large amount of mischief. But it is now clear, under whatever unsanitary conditions we now exist, nothing can be done until legislation has made the Act workable. CLOSELY connected with the general Health Question is the subject of which we have before written—hospital accommodation. We number a population now upon Yorke's Peninsula not far short ( it is estimated ) of thirty thousand souls, and all we can boast of as a provision for the sick and diseased and the stricken is an effete institution at Wallaroo, seldom used, for reception of casualty cases. In conversation with intelligent men upon the subject we find it admitted on every hand that hospital accommodation is urgently required, that many cases cannot be properly treated for lack of it, that terrible risks to the general health of the district are involved in the existing state of things, and that th« medical meu themselves are not the least zealous advocates for such an institution. We have also received suggestions affecting the existing Casualty' Hospital at Wallaroo, for the enlargment of its scope of operations, the employment of a sufficent and efficient staff, and making it subserve all the purposes of an hospital ! for the great mining centres, as well as ( for Wallaroo itself. And the exponents I of this idea, advance as their argument j that in one large and complete estabj lishment could be concentred a perfect J organization and a skilled staff, such as ; could not be afforded for a small hospital j at each mining township. Besides which it is added, it is not likely that the Government, though probably willing to make a handsome grant lor the erec- 1 tion of one good hospital, would be willing to vote sucient to give one to each place. Opped to this view is the consideration, adtneed by those better acquainted with the miners, which carries with it gat force—that if the hospital were atny distance, the patient would preh remaining at home among friends, ai would not therefore make use of the xommodation provided. Under thescircumstances it might be difficult to dede what were best to be done, and exjsssions of local opinion would prove of alue. Under any circumstances thematter must be attended to with as itle delay as possible. IT used to bet standing joke against the Cornish tosay that Cornwall was not in Englant but the existence of the county and its laims upon the Government were noe the less recognised. The existence<1 the Cornwall of South Australia, as atopograpical entity is taken for graned ; but its existence as a district having a right to a fair share of Government assistance lias hitherto been almost ig-nu-ed. A curious illustration of this asertion WJLS afforded a day or aince at tit meeting of the Central Road Board onvened to take into consideration the Estimates received from the Super! tending Surveyor of the proposed e:penditure of the Gs. 8d, ptced at the disposal of the Board on tin Committee for the half year ending J me 1874. Mr. Angas moved that the, ineiey be divided according to the mieage :is follows:— North District j£9,£l8 I lis. 4d, Eastern District £7,374.17;. lOd. South District £(j,008. l)s. (id. In die discussion which ensued there vere numerous references to places inctided in the Northern District, but net one word was said about the Peninsula,or the roads leading to it. The menbers of the Boad Board :is such, appea- not to know that there is such a localiiy. In their unofficial capacity of couise they are aware that the Peninsula coitains nearly one seventh of the population of the colony; but the official mind, vhether of Board or Parliament, is too obtinately obtuse to recognise a lact of such importance. Apparently the only person connected with the Road Board 'ihat knew anything of the Peninsula 'vas Mr. Surveyor Morris. In a letter to the Board he pointed out that rhe estimate he had lately prepared slowing the cost of putting the my.i» roiUifJ. in the North District in a state of repair, was intended to .spread a coating )f met:d averag ing about one and a li-df inches ; but that the sum availaljle would enable him to spread an average thickness of a quarter of an inch; among the roads referred as particularly needing repair was the Wallaroo and Moonta road northwards from Ge;»ps Cross. Mr. Morris must be fond of a joke, thouth perhaps, the. Bo;ird d.d not appieciale it. Imagine a coating of metal a quarter of an inch ihick ! It is enough to to disquiet the ghost ! jf Macadam ! ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— On Sunday evening a young man named Thomas Cornish, a miner, tried to kill himself by hanging from the whim at Prince Alfred Shaft, Moonta Mines. Two or three persons observed him from a distance, tying a rope to one of the stays of the cross piece, and watched his proceedings with some curiosity, little supposing however, that he intended hanging himself; hut when they saw him kick away something he had been standing upon, and then dangle by the neck in the air, they knew what he was about, and running forward relieved him of the rope before he had stretched himself to the strangling point. Sergeant Bentley was immediately sent for, and Cornish was taken into custody. He appeared sober, but said he had been drinking at Wallaroo, and spent or lost £25 there. His clothes were quite wet, and upon being asked how they became so, he said he had been trying to drown himself at Moonta Bay ; but finding the job more difficult of execution than he had anticipated, he bethought himself of hanging as an easier method of putting an end to his life. He was brought up at the Police Court yesterday morning, and remanded for a week. INUNDATION AT CLARE.— On Thursday last a deputation from Clare waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands, with a memorial from the Clare Corporation, praying that £1000 be placed on the Estimates for repairing the damages done to the township by the recent floods. The Commissioner said that the memorialists would have been in a much stronger position had they imposed an extra rate, and asked the Government to supplement the money so raised. It would be a very dangerous precedent if, when a district received damage, it came upon the Government for assistance ; and taking that circumstance into account he would with hia colleagues carefully consider the matter. We quite agree with the Ccommissioner, and would| add^tliat if this amount ahould be placed on the estimates the precedent would be more dangerous still; though we think there would be small chance of the House granting the money. At a meeting held in Clare shortly after the flood, itwas stated by one of the speakerfl tliat £400 would he sufficient to cover the losses, and yet in the face of this statement the Clare Corporation goes, like a shameless mendicant, hat in hand, to the Commissioner, and asks that the country be called upon to pay not only for the paltry damage caused by the Hood, but £600 besides, as a solatium, we suppose, for the inconvenience suffered by the residents. THE TICHBORNE CLAIMANT has been found guilty on all three counts, and has been sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment. THE COPPER MARKET.—A London telegram dated February 28 states that the copper market is heavy and unsettled, with receding quotations. Present quotations are £87 to £88. THB LOCAL COURTS of Wallaroo Kadina and Moonta, will be held respectively on the 9th, 11TH, and 13th, March, instead of on the usual days, the alteration being made in consequence of the Stipendiary Magistrate having to attend the Northern Licensing Bench. THE PILOT SERVICE.—A deputation of the Adelaide Underwriters »nd others having recently waited upon the Treasurer requesting that measures may be taken to provide outside pilotage, the Treasurer replied that the matter was urgent and would be considered by the Government. At present the pilots, we may remark, are of no earthly use except to spend the money they don't earn. THE LATE MR. STAPLETON'S FAMILY.— Writing on the subject of a public subscription for the benefit of Mrs. Stapleton and her children a correspondent of one of the Adelaide papers says.—Would you allow me to suggest that such a subscription at the present time would be at least premature, and that a deputation should firsi wait upon the Government, and ascertain what provision they intend making for Mr. Stapleton's family, and to urge ( if necessary) that the provision should be ample for their support. In a case such as this, where an officer of the public service loses his life in the execution of his duty, his family have a claim upon the public at large, not only upon the benevolent few, and I think you will agree that the fair way to meet such cases is by a special grant from the revenue. Should the answer of the Government to the deputation be unfavorable it would then be time enough to make a public appeal throughout the eolonies. DYNAMITE.—When the late disastrous explosion took place in Queen-street, Melbourne, it was thought dynamite or giant powder, could not be manufactured successfully iu Victoria owing to the absence of infusorial earth required to be used 111 its production. The local Mercury since the occurence says it can be had to an unlimited extent near Daylesford. (Infusorial <_.trth in uot absolutely necessary for the manufacture of dynamite. It has been successfully manafactured at Moonta, the common red clay being used as a vehicle for the nitro glycerine.) THE ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN.— In a leading article on the english cricketers tho Car roar VJironick says.—It was to get a visit from another eleven that arrangements were made with Mr. G. W. Grace, to bring out to the colonies just such another picked team as had previously come to our shores. We had a right to expect that the eleven would show us what they could do in every match. The names of the coming men were forwarded in advance of them, with an account of what each man had done in tho field for years before. From this it was certain a splended team had been sent, one in fact invincible on anything like equal terms. A very large sum of money, amounting to some hundreds of pounds per man and all expenses paid, was to be the reward for a few weeks' cricketing. The first match was a disgraceful beating of the crack team, (not, we believe, on their merits, although they had only just left the ship) and several other games have ended in the same way. All sorts of rumours have been afloat: the one generally believed, (till the match against the combination team last week opened people's eyes ) being, that tha professional players were disgusted at tho treatment they received from the captain and the other gentlemen (save the mark) and did uot try to play in consequence, lint the true reason is now self-evident. The people of the colonies have been fooled to enable a few betting meu to rob them of some thousands of pounds. How far tho cricketers themselves are implicated in this disgraceful swindle, we know not. If by the terms of their agreement they were to win or lose as it pleased those who brought them out, then their captain particularly deserves all the censure heaped on him by the WiKl for his snobbery, and his treatment of the professionals, while on thft other hand if they won or lost to suit their own books, they were even wor.se. From having seen their play in the field, coupled with the late affair in the Sydney match, we have no more doubt in our minds that they could have won e»ery match they have played than we have of our own existence. We hope after this that no more such disgraceful kootooing as took place in that capi'al of snobbery, Hathurfit, will be repeated at any place they visit. To call such fellown gentlemen is a libel on the very word. No man has any claim to be called such who would perform a mean, dirty action to a single individual, while to treat with such contempt whole communities is infinitely worse. Such men must be lost to all sense of honour and decency. We should have thought that for the honour of their country in tiie cricket field, they would have played fairly and well. Thousands of persons have travelled long distances, and spent considerable sums of money to see the play of, probably, the best eleven that ever left England- Disappointment lias been the result, as it ever must be in any out- door sport which gets under the control of those black-leg pests of modern sporting life—the book-makers. The Mortfhort ugh ami . hinolltj A:lno.rtise.r has been formally excluded from tho mechanics' institute at Clunes, and it is said that the Rev. H. Heathershaw, the Primitive Methodist minister at Clunes, announced the fact from his pulpit. It will be remembered that copies of this disreputable journal were recently sent to the Peninsula by some anonymous person—the proprietor probably—for gratuitous circulation. FREAK OF A WHIRLWIND. - - On Saturday, at Moonta, the galvanized-iron roof of a dwelling belonging to Mr. Pascoe was whisked away by a whirlwind. At the time of the occurence Mrs, Pascoe was ill in bed, and was attended by the doctor and her father. The sudden disappearance of the roof produced, as may be conceived, considerable astonishment in the minds of the inmates, the more so seeing that the rooms having no ceiling, the interior was laid open to the bare sky. The roof was replaced in its proper position with all possible despatch. THE WATER SUPPLY.— Most of the tanks of Moonta have again been emptied, and the chief source at present of the water supply is the mine stills, from whence it is delivered, at almost a boiling temperature, by water carters to their customers at 2s. 6d. a hogshead. Its taste, even when cold, is not exactly that of water from the "limpid brook," — in fact, it has a villainous empyreumatic flavor; but as a set-off to this, it is said to be perfectly wholesome. The drinking of it, however, being with a large number of us a matter of Hobson's Choice, its hygienic qualities are not too curiously investigated. MOONTA JETTY.— Mr. R. Honey's tender for lengthening the Moonta Jetty has been accepted. The structure is to be made longer by ninety-six feet, which will give at the extreme end only an additional depth of six inches of water. An addition of 400 feet would take the head of the pier into 13 feet water at low tides, and until this further improvement is carried out the jetty will be of very little service to the maritime trade of Moonta. Mn. BARNEVELD'S lecture, given on Friday evening in the Moonta Baptist Church, was largely attended. It was highly interesting and instructive, and afforded the greatest satisfactiom. 