FACETING. A Happy Thouught—Not to think at all. When is the wiud barmy—don't aav when it is 111 tlu- y-cast. Men bom blind can't be carpenters, because they never saw. Matchless Misery—Having a cigar and nothing to light it with. If the burglars carry off your plate, why is it right f—Because it's not left. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow ?—Because he sticks at nothing. Did the man who ploughed the seas, mid afterwards planted his foot upon native soil, ever harvest his crops. To take down the gridiron from the nail where it is hanging, with the left hand, is a sign that there will be a broil iu the kitchen. Our schoolboy remarks that when his teacher undertakes to show him what is what he only finds out which is switch. One of the sufferers by a late railway accident was rushing wildly about, when some one asked him if he was hurt. « No," he said, " but I can't find my umbrella." A small Aberdeen child King asked by her Sunday-school teacher, " What did the Israelites do after they crossed the Red Sea answered, " I don't know, ma'am, but perhaps they dried themselves. Daniel O'Connell, the Irish orator, was applied to by a friend f or his autograph ; to which he re- plied " Sir,—I never scud autographs.—Yours, 1 Daniel O'Connell." When you have lost your monev in the streets, every 011c is ready to help you to iook for it; but when you have lost your character, every one leaves you to recover it as you can. Boarder—" This tea seems verv weak, Mis. Skimp." Landlady— 1 "Well, I guess it must be. the warm weather. I feel weak myself; in fact cvervlxjdv complains." A fond husband 1 wasted to a friend," Tom, the old woman came near oiling me honev last night." Did she, Bill ? What did she Vav 1" "She said, 'Well, old Beeswax, come to supper."' Jack and Jill were coming down the liill the other morning, when Jill Hopped heavily on her Kick. Says Jack, " Now vou mind ine of a goose." "Why!" inquired Jill. "Because," was the exasjieiutiug reply, " you've got down on your liaek." A new version of " Old Uncle Ned" has 1mcome popular, iu the Boston subnrK It runs somewhat as follows :—" Then pull up the wicket and the stake, And put by the mallet aud the ball; For 110 more, croquet will l>e plaved this year—It's getting too late in the fall." A witness in describing a certain event, said, " The j»ersou I saw at the head of the stairs was a man with one eve named Wilkins." What was the name of his other eye ?" spitefullv asked the opposing counsel. The witness was disgusted with the levity of the audicnce. Happy bridegroom—" More money, madam ! more money ! Have you forgotten that my money has bought you evervthiir,' you possess— the very dress you "stand iu f" Fair bride—" No Sir ! Nor haw 1 forgotten that your money has I (ought what stands in it. A lawyer and a parson were talking alxiut. which way the wind was. The former said, " We go by the court-house vauc." " And we," replied the parson, "go by the church vane." "Well." said the lawyer, " iu the matter of wind, that, is the best authority aud the parson went to cogitate. Lately at a dinner lable in Loudon, a gentleman remarked that A , who used to lie given U) shai-p practice, was getting more circums]>ect. " Yes," replied Judge Hoar, "he has reached tlu> superlative of life. He began bv seeking to get 011, then he sought to get honor, and now he is trying to get honest." An economical Iowan, who had n toothache, determined to remove his tooth in the Indian fashion. Accordingly he bent down a sapling in the woods, lav down himself, and attached a stout coitI to his tooth and the sapling. Then he touched the spring, and the next he knew lie had jumped over a grove of about forty small trees, ami was trying to get out of a small pond that lie happened to alight iu. A crowd of quarrelsome people were, dispersed from the front of a Munson-street residence in a very singular and sudden maimer on Saturdnv night. A stranger visiting the family slipped into the crowd unperoeived, and extending an inverted hat, announced that he would take up a collection. Two minutes later he stood there, alone, with not a single member of the turbulent mass to be seen iu auy direction. The " smartness" of a little Detroit boy, manifested 111 connection with that inspiring article, the family umbrella, deserves to 1H> chronicled. He painted in large lettei-s upon it, "Stolen from No. — A street," and walked about, with it, chuckling with the consciousness of having invented an infallible preservative for that ancient and sacred institution. But life is all a fleeting show —nt the moment he was luippiest un unreasonable policeman nrivsted hiui for stealing it. The enfant ttrrihh of a Washington fauiitv, whose Mstcr Eliza is a shining belle in society, was allowed a seat near one of the distinguished gunsts at a dinner party given by his father the other day, and in the mids'*jf the merriment, ho startled the company by .propounding the conundrum, " Why is father like the devil ?" A painful imuse ensued, niul as 110 one ventured to answer, lie shouted out, " Beuause he's the t father of Lize." Probably no boy in the country wis .ever put to bed quicker thou he ou that occasion. 