CHAPTER XXXIX.-A FRIEND ARISES. At the top of the great staircase Í was glad to. see the friendly face of Mary Quince, who stood,, candle in . hand, greeting us with many little' courtesies, and a very haggard and pallid smile. "Very welcome Miss, hoping you are very well." " All well, and you are well, Mary ? and oh ! tell us quickly how is Uncle Silas." " "We thought he was gone, Miss, this morning, but doing fairly now; Doctor says in a trance like. I was helping old Wyatt most of the day, and waa there when Doctor blooded him, an' he spoke at last; but he must be awful weak, he took a deaX o' blood from his arm, Miss; I held the basin." "And he's better-decidedly better," I asked. "Well, he's better, Doctor says; he talked somev and Doctor says if he goes off asleep again, and begins a snoring like he did before, we're to loose the bandage, and let him bleed till he comes to his self again ; which, it seems to me and Wyatt, is the same thing a'most as saying he's to be killed off hand, for I don't believe he has a drop to spare, as you'll say likewise, MÍ9S, if you'll please look in the basin." This was not an invitation with which I cared to comply. I thought I was going to faint. I sat on the stairs and sipped a little water, and Quince sprinkled a little in my face, and my strength re turned. Milly must have felt her father's danger more than I, for she was affectionate, and loved .'him from habit and relation, although he was not kind to her. But I was more nervous and more impet uous, and nay feelings both stimulated and over powered me more easily. The moment I was able to stand I said-thinking of nothing but the one idea " We must see him-come, Milly." I entered his sitting room; a common "dip" candle hanging like tho tower of Pisa all to one side, with a dim, long wick, in a greasy candle stick profaned the table of the fastidious invalid. The light was little better than darkness, and I crossed the room swiftly, still transfixed by the one idea of seeing my uncle. His bed-room door beside the fireplace stood partly opon, and I looked in. Old Wyatt, a white, high-cauled ghost, was pot tering in'her slippers in the shadow at the far side ' of the bed. The Doctor, a stout little bald man, with a paunch and a big bunch of seals, stood with his back to the fireplace, which corresponded with that in the next room, eyeing his patient through the curtains of the bed with a listless sort of im portance. The head of the large four-poster rested against the opposite wall. Its foot was presented toward the fireplace ; but the curtains at the side, which alone I could see from my position, were closed. The little Doctor knew me, and thinking me, I suppose, a person of consequence, removed his hands from behind him, suffering the skirts of his coat to fall forward, and with great celerity and gravity made me a low but important bow ; then choosing mere particularly to make my acquaintance he further advanced, and with another reference he introduced himself as Doctor Jolks, in n murmured diapason. He bowed me back again into my uncle's study, and the light of old Wyatt's dreadful candle. Doctor Jolks was sauve and pompous. I longed for a fussy practitioner who would have got over the ground in half the time. " Coma, madam, coma. Miss Ruthyn, your uncle, I may tell you bas been in a very critical state ; highly so. Coma of the most obstinate type. He would have sunk-ho must have gone, in fact, had I not resortetl to a very extreme remedy, and bled him freely, which happily told precisely as we could have wished. A wonderful constitution-a marvellous'constitution-prodigious nervous fibre; the greatest pity in the world he won't give him self fair play. His habits, you know, are quite, I may say destructive. We do our best-wo do all we can, but if the patient won't co-operate it can't possibly encl satisfactorily." And Jolks accompanied tins with an awful shrug. " Is there anything ? Do you think change of air? What an awful complaint it is," I ex claimed, i He smiled,mysteriously lookingdown, and shook his head undertaker-like. " Why, we can hardly call it a complaint, Miss Ruthyn. I look upon it he has been poisoned-he he has had, you understand me," he pursued, observingly startled look, "an over dose of opium you know he takes opium habitually ; he takes it in laudanum, he takes it in water, and most dangerous of all, he takes it solid, in lozenges. I've known people take it to excess, but they all were particular as to measure, and that is exactly the point I've tried to impress upon him. The habit of course, you understand is formed, there's no up rooting that ! but he wont measure-he goes by the oyo aud by sensation, which I need not tell you, Miss Ruthyn, is going by chance ; and onium, asno doubt you are aware, 'is strictly a poison; a poison, no doubt, which habit will enable you to partake of, I may say, in considerable quantities without fatal consequences, but still a poison ; and to exhibit a poison so, is, I need scarcely tell you to trille with death. HÜ has been en threatened, and for a time he changes his haphazard mode of dealing with it, and then returns ; he may escape, of course, that is possible, but he may any day overdo the thing. I don't think the present crisis will result seriously. 1 am very glad, indepen dently of the honour of making your acquaintance Miss Fuutbyn, that you and your cousin have re turned ; for, however zealous, I fear the servants are deficient in intelligence; and as in the evenl of ii recurrence of the symptoms.-which, however is not probable-I would beg to inform you ol their nature, and how exactly best to deal with them." . , , , ,. So upon these points he delivered us a pompous little lecture, and begged that either Milly or 1 would remain in the room with the patient until his return at two or three o'clock in the morning ; a reappearance of the coma " might be very bad indeed." Of course Milly and I did as we were directed, We sat by the lire, scarcely daring to whisper. Uncle Silas, about whom a new and dreadful sus picion began to haunt me, lay still and motionless as if he were actually dead. " Had he attempted to poison himself ?" If he believed Iiis position to be as desperate as Lady Knollys bad described it, was this, after all, improbable ? There were strange wild theories, I had been told, mixed up in his religion. Sometimes, at an hour's interval, a sign of life would come-a moan from that tall sheeted figure ia the bed-a moan and a patteriug of the lips. Was it prayer-what was it? who could guess what thoughts were passing behind that white flllited forehead ? I had peeped at him : a white cloth steeped in vinegar and water was folded round his head ; his great eyes were closed, so were his marble lips ; his figure straight, thin, and long, dressed m a white dressing gown, looked like a corpse " laid out" in the bed ; his gaunt bandaged arm lay out side the sheet that covered his body. With this awful image of death we kept our vigil, until poor Milly grew so sleepy that old Wyatt proposed that sho should take her place and watch with me. Little as I liked the crone with the highcauled cap, she would, <nt all events, keep awake, which Milly could not. And so at one o'clock this new arrangement began. "Mr. Dudley lluthyn is not at home ?" I whis pered to old Wyatt. "He went away wi' himself yesternight, to Cloperton, Miss, to see the wrestling; it was to come off this morning." «Was he sent for ?" "Not he." "And why not ?" "Ile would na' leave the sport for this, I'm thinking," and the old woman grinned uglily. " When is he to return?" "When be wants money." So we grew silent, and again I thought of suicide, and of the unhappy old man, who just thea whispered a sentence or two to himself with a sigh. For the next hour he had been quite silent, and old Wyatt informed me that she must go down for candles. Ours were already burnt down to the sockets. "There's a candle in the next room," I suggested hating the idea of being left alone with the patient. " Hoot ! Miss. I dare na' set a candle but wax in his presence," whispered the old woman, scorn fully. " I think if we were to stir the fire, and put on ' a little more coal, we should have a great deal of light." i "He'll ha'the candles," said Dame Wyatt, dog gedly j and she tottered from the chamber, mutter ing to herself; and I heard her take her candle I from the next room and depart, shutting the outer i door after her. ! Here was I then alone, but for this unearthly companion, whom I feared inexpressibly, at two i o'clock, in the vast old house of Bartram. I stirred the fire. It was low, and would not blaze. I stood up, and with my hand on the man telpiece, endeavoured to think of cheerful things. But it was a struggle against wind and tide vain; and so I drifted away into haunted re gions. Uncle Silas was perfectly still. I would not suffer myself to think of the number of darkrooms and passages which now separated me from the other living tenants of the house. I awaited with a false composure the return of old Wyatt. Over the mantelpiece was a looking-glass. At j another time this might have helped to entertain 1 my solitary moments, but now 1 did not like to Tenture a peep. A small thick Bible lay on the chimneypiece, and leaning its back against the mirror, I began to read in it with a mind as atten tively directed as I could. While so engaged in \ tinning over the leaves, I lighted upon two or ? threo odd-looking reapers, which had been folded J mto it. One was a broad printed thing, with ? liiraes and dates written into blank spaces, ¡ind was about the size of a quarter of a yard of very broad ribhon. Tho others wero mere scraps, with "Dudley Ruthyn" penned in my cousin's vulgar round-hand at the foot. While I folded and replaced these I really don't know what caused We to fancy that something was moving behind lne> ns I stood with my back toward the bed. I j do not recollect any sound whatever ; but instinc I hvely I glanced into the mirror, and my eyes were j instantly fixed by what I saw. i Tho figure of Uncle Silas rose up and dressed in a jong white morning gown, slid over the end of the ; Md, and with two or three swift noiseless stops, stood behind me, with a death-like scowl and a simper. Preternaturally tall and thin, he stood foi' a moment almost touching me, with the white bandage pinned across his forehead, his bandaged j arm stiffly by his side, and diving over my shoulder With his long thin hand he snatched the Bible, and w'uapered over my head-" The serpent beguiled I "ev and she did eat ;" and after a momentary pause, ie glided to the furthest window, and appeared to wok out upon the midnight prospect. It was cold, but lie did not seem to feel it. With uie same inflexible scowl and smile, he continued to look out for several minutes, and then with a Wont sigh, he sat down on the side of his bed, his I lace munoveablv turned toward me, with the same Painful look. ' . It seemed to me an hour before old Wyatt came lack ; and never was lover made happier at sight 31 "is mistress than I to behold that withered -rone. You may be sure I did not prolong my watch, mpi'ft was now plainly no risk of my uncle's re ' aP8ing into lethargy. I had a long hysterical fit of weeping when I got into my room, with honest Mary Quince by my side. Whenever I closed my eyes, the face of Uncle Silas was before me, as I had seen it reflected'in the glass. Tho sorceries of Bartram were envelop ing me once more. Next morning the Doctor said he was quite out of danger, but very weak. Milly and I saw him ; and again in our afternoon walk we met the Doc tor marching under the tress in the direction of the Windmill Wood. " Going down to see that poor girl there ?" he said, when he had made his saluation, prodding with his levelled, stick in tho direction. " Hawke, er Hawkes, I think." " Beauty's sick, Maud," exclaimed Milly. " Hawkes. She's upon my dispensary list. Yes," said the Doctor, looking into his little notebook " Hawkes." " And what is her complaint ?" " Eheumatic fever." "Not infectious ?" "Not the least-no more, as we say, Miss Ruthyn, than a broken leg," and he laughed oblig ingly. So soon as the Doctor had departed, Milly and I agreed to follow to Hawkes's cottage and inquire more particularly how she was. To say truth, I am afraid it was rather for tho sako of giving our walk a purpose and a point of termination, than for any very charitable interest we might have felt in the patient. Over the inequalities of the upland slope, clumped with trees, we reached the gabled cot tage, with its neglected little farm-yard. A rheumatic old woman was the only attendant ; and, having turned her ear in an attitude of attention which induced us in gradually exalted keys to in quire how Meg was, she informed us in very loud tones that she had long lost her hearing, and was perfectly deaf. And added considerately " When the man comes in 'appen he'll tell ye what ye want." Through the door of a small room at the further end of that in which we were, we could see a por tion of the narrow apartment of the patient, and hear her moans and the Doctor's voice, " We'll see him, Milly, when he comes out. Let us wait here." So we stood upon the door-stone awaiting him. The sounds of suffering had moved my compassion and interested us for the sick girl. "Blest if here isn't Pegtop," said Milly. And the weather-stained red coat, the swarthy forbidding face and sooty locks of old Hawkes loomed in sight, as he stumped, steadying himself with his stick, over the uneven pavement of the yard. He touched his hat gruffly to me ; but did not seem half to like our being where we weré, for he looked surlily, and scratched his head under his wide-awake. " Your daughter is very ill, Pm afraid," said I. " Ay-she'll be costing mo a handful, like her mother did," said Pegtop. "1 hope her room is comfortable, poor thing." "Ay, that's it; she be comfortable enough, I warrant-more nor I. It be all Meg, and nout of Dickson." " When did her illness commence ?" I asked. " Day the mare wor shod-Saturday. I talked a bit with the workus folk, but they won't gi'e nout j -dang 'em-an' how be I to do't ? It be all'ays hard bread wi' Silas, and a deal harder now she's ta'en them pains. I won't stan' it much longer. Gammon ! If she keeps on that way I'll just cut. See how the workus fellahs 'ill like that !" " The Doctor gives his services for nothing," I said. " An' does nothin', bless him ! ha. ha. No more nor that old d»al gammon there that cost me three tizzies a week, and haint worth a h'porth-no more nor Meg there, that's making all she can of them pains. They be all a fooling of me, and thinks I don't know't. Hoy? we'll see." AU this time he was cutting a bit of tobacco into shreds on the window-stone. " A workin' man be same as a hoss ; if he baint cared, he can't work-'tisn't in him ;" and with these words, having by this time stuffed his pipe with tobacco, he poked the deaf lady, who was pattering about with her back toward him, rather viciously with the point of his stick, and signed for a light. " It bain't in him, you can't git it out o' 'im, no more nor ye'll draw smoke out o' this," and he raised his pipe an inch or two, with his thumb on tlie bowl, " without backy and fire. 'Tisn't in it." " Maybe I can be of some use ?" I said, think ing. " Maybe," he rejoined. By this time he received from the old deaf aba gail a flaming roll of brown paper, and, touching his hat to me, he withdrew, lighting his pipe and sending up little white puffs, like the salute of a departing ship. So he did not care to hear how his daughter was, and had only come here to light his pipe ! Just then the Doctor emerged. " We have boen waiting to hear how your pool patient is to-day ?" I Baid. " Very ill, indeed, and utterly neglected, I fear If she were uqual to it-but she's not-I think she ought to be removed to the hospital immedi ately." " That poor old woman is quite deaf, and the man is so surly and selfish ! Could you recommend a nurse who would stay here till she's better ? J will pay her with pleasure, and anything you think might be good for the poor girl." So this was settled on the spot. Doctor Jolks was kind, like most men of his calling, and under took to send the nurse from Feltram with a fev* comforts for the patient ; and he called Dickson tt the yard-gate, and I suppose told him of the arrangement; and Milly and I went to the pool [ girl's door and asked, "May we come in ?" ' There was no answer. So with the conventional construction of silence, we entered. Her looks showed how ill she was. We adjusted her bed clothes, and darkened the room, and did what we could for her-noting, beside, what her comforl chiefly required. She did not answer any ques tions. She did not thank us. I should almos! have fancied that she had not perceived our pre sence, had I not observed her dark, sunken eyet once or twice turned up towards my face, with a dismal look of wonder and inquiry. The girl was very ill, and we went every day to see her. Sometimes she would answer our ques tions-sometimes not. Thoughtful, observant, surly she seemed ; and as people like to be thanked I sometimes wonder that we continued to throw our bread upon these ungrateful'waters. Milly was specially impatient under this treatment, and pietested against it, and finally refused to accom pany me into poor Beauty's bed-room. " I think, my good Meg," said I one day, as I stood by her bed-she was now recovering with the sure reascent of youth-"that you ought to thank Miss Milly." " I'll not thank her," said Beauty, doggedly. "Very well, Meg, I only thought I'd ask you, for I think you ought." As I spoke, she very gently took just the tip of my finger, which hung close to her coverlet, in her fingers, and drew it beneath, and before I was aware/burying her head in the clothes, she sud denly clasped my hand in both hera to her lips, and kissed it passionately, again and again, sobbing. I felt her tears. I tried to withdraw my hand, but she held it with an angry pull, continuing to weep and kiss it. " Do you wish to say anything, my poor £Meg ?" I asked. " Nout, Miss," 3he sobbed ^'gently ; and she con tinued to kiss my hand and weep. But suddenly she said, " I won't thank Milly, for it's a' you ; it baint her, she hadn't the thought-no, no it's a' you, Miss. I cried bearty in the da^k last night, thinkin'of the apples, and the way I knocked them awa' wi' a pur of my foot, the day father rapped meower the head wi' his stick; it was kind of you and very bad of me. I wish you'd boat me, Miss : ye're better to me than father or motlier-better to me than a' ; an' I wish I could die for you, Miss, for I'm not fit to look at you." I was surprised. I began to cry. I could have hugged poor Meg. I did not know her history. I have never learned it since. She used to talk with the most utter self abasement before me. It was no religious feeling -it was a kind of expression of her love and wor ship of me-all the more strange that she was naturally very proud. There was nothing she would not have borne from me except the slighest suspicion of her entire devotion, or that she could in the most trifling way wrong or deceive me. I am not young now. I have had my soruows, and with them all that wealth, virtually unlimited, can command ; and through the retrospect a few bright and pure lights quiver along my life's dark stream-dark, but fer them; and these are shed, not by the splendour of a splendid fortune, but by two or three of the simplest and kindest remem brances, such as the poorest and homeliest life may count up, and beside which, in the quiet hours of memory, all artificial triumphs pale, and disappear, for they are never quenched by time or distance, being founded on the affections, and so far heavenly. pro BE CONTINÜED.1 