Tales. Jessie Trim. BY B. L. FAR-EON. AUTHOR OF 'LONDON'S HEART,' fee. [Tbe right of publication hap been purchased by the proprietors of tbe Sydney Mai/.] CHAPTER IV. I Murder my Baby-brother. Misfortunes never come singly, and they did not come singly to us. It was not for us to give the lie to a proverb. Often in a family death is in a hurry when it commences, and takes one after another quickly. Then pauses for a long breath. In very truth, sorrow in its deepest phase had entered our house, and my mother's form seemed to shrink and grow less from the day she put on mourn ing for my grandmother. But if my mother knA her troubles, I am sure I had mine ; and one was of such a strange and terrible nature that, even at this dis tance of time and with a better comprehension of things, a curiously-reluctant feeling comeB upon me as I prepare to narrate it. It is summarised in a very few words. I murdered my baby-brother. At least such was my impression at the time. For a long while I was afflicted by'secret remorse and by fear of discovery, and never till now have I made con fession. There was only one witness of my crime : our cat. I remember well that my father was said to be sinking at the time, and my mother, having her hands luil, and her heart, too, poor dear t placed me and my baby-brother in the room in which I used to sit with my grandmother. My tksk was to take care of the Utile fellow, and to amusfe him; He was so young that he could scarcely toddle, and we had great fun with two oranges which my mother had given us to play -with. It required great strength of mind not to eat them instead of playing with them ; but the purpose for which they were given to us had been plainly set down by my mother, All that I could hope for, therefore, was that they might burst their skins after bt ing knocked about , a little, when, of course, they would become lawful food. We played ball with them ; my baby-brother rolling them towards me, not being strong enough .to throw them, and I (secretly animated by the wish that they would burst their skins) throwing them up to hun, with a little more force than was actually necessary, and trying to make him catch them. I cannot tell for how long .we played, for at this precise moment of my history a mist steals upon Buch of my early reminiscences as are related in this and the preceding chapters — a mist which seems to divide, as by a curtain, one part of my life from another. My actual life will soon com mence, the life that is tangible to me, as it were, that stands out in stronger colour and is distinct from the brief prologue which. was acted in dreamland, and which lies nestled deep among the days of my child hood. Cloud-memories these ; moBt of us have such. Some are wholly bright and Bweet, some wholly sad and bitter, some parti-coloured. Where the dreamland in which these cloud-memories have birth has faded, and we are in the summer or the winter of our days, fighting the Battle, or, having fought it, are waiting for the trumpet-sound which proclaims the Grand Retreat, we can all remember where we received such and such a wound, where such and Buch a refreshing draught waB given to us, at what part of the fight such and such a scar was gained, and at wbat part a spiritual vision dawned upon our souls, captivating and entrancing us with hopes too bright and beauti ful ever to be realised ; and though our blood be thin and poor, and the glory of lire seems to have waned with the waning of our strength, our pulses thrill and our hearts beat with something of the old glow as the remembrance of these pains and pleasures come upon us ! To. return to my baby-brother. :_The dusk steals upon us, and we are still playing with the oranges. The cat is watching us, and when an orange rolls . in her direction she half- timidly, half-spor fively stretches out her paw towards it, and on one occasion lies full length on her stomach, with an orange between the tips of her paws, and her nose in a^traight line with it. 1 hear my baby-brother laugh gleefully as I scramble on all-fours after the orange. The dusk has deepened and my baby-brother's face grows indis tinct. I throw the orange towards him. It hits him in the face, and his gleeful laughter changes to sobB. I absolutely never see my baby-brother again, and never again hear his voice. All that afterwardB re fers to him seems to be imparted to me when it is dark, and so strong is my impression of this detail that in my memory I never see his face with a light upon it. My baby-brother iB taken suddenly ill I am told. I go about the house, always in the dark, step ping very gently, and wondering whether my secret will become known, and if it does what will be done to me, Still in the dark I hear that my baby-brother iB worse ; that he is dangerously ill. Then, without an interval as it seems, comes the news that my baby brother is dead, and I learn in some undiscoverable way that he has died of the croup. I kuow better. I know that I gave him his death-blow with the orange, and I tremble for the consequences. But no human being appears to suspect me, and' for my own sake I must preserve silence. Even to assume an air of grief at my baby- brother's death might be dangerous ; it might look as if I were too deeply interested in the event ; so I put on my most indifferent air. There are, however, two things in the house that I am frightened of. One is our old Dutch clock, the significant tick ing and the very ropes and iron weight of which ap pear to me pregnant with knowledge of my crime. Five minutes before every hour the clock gave vent to a whirring sound, and at that sound, hitherto without significance, I tremble. There is a warning in it, and with 'nervous apprehension I count the seconds that intervene between it and the striking of the hour, believing that then the bell will proclaim my guilt. It does proclaim it, but no person understands it, r no one heeds it. I stand in the passage, listening to the denunciation, Snaggletooth comes in and stands by my side while tbe clock is striking. I look up into his faoe with imploring eyes and a sinking heart. He taps my cheek kindly, and passes on. I breathe more freely i he does not know the language of the bells. The other thing of which I am frightened is our cat. Iknowihat she knows, and I am fearful lest, by some inystelloue means, she will denounce me. If I meet her in the ijark, her green eyes glare at me. I try to win her ov/er to my side in a covert manner, by stroking her coat ; hut as I smoothe her fur skilfully and cun ningly I am convinced that she arches her 'back in a manner more'significant than usual, and that by that action she declines to be a passive accessory to the fact. Her very tail, as it curls beneath my fingers, seems to acdhse me. Rut time goes on, and I am not arrested and led away to be hanged.' When my baby brother is in his coffin I am taken to see him. The cat follows at my heels ; I 6trive to push her away stealthily .with my foot, but she rubs her ear against my leg, and will not leave me. Idonot see my baby brotber, because I shut my eyes, and I sob and tremble so that they are compelled to take me out of the room; but I have a vague remembrance of flowers about his coffin. I am a little relieved when I hear thatheis buried, but the night that follows is a night of torture to ine. ? The Dotckclock ticks, ' I know! I know ! ' and the cat puns, ' I know ! I know ! ' and when I am in bed the shade of lane Painter steals into the room, and after smelling about for blood, whispers in a ghastly undertone, that tile knows and' is going to tell. Of the doctor, also, I begin tobe frightened, for after his visit to my father's sick-room, my mother brings him to see me — being anxious about me, 1 hear her say. He 6tops and speaks to me, and when his fingers are on my wri6t, I fancy that the heating of my pulse is revealing my crime to him. But more weighty cares even than mine are stirring in oui house, and making themselves felt. My father's last moments are approaching, and I hear that he cannot last the day out. He lasts the day out, but he does not last the night out. As the friend of the family, Snaggletooth remains in the house to see the last of his old comrade. He and my father were schoolboys together, he tells me. ' He was the cleverest boy in the school,' Snaggletooth says ; ' the cleverest boy in the school ! He used to do my 6ums for me. We went out birds' -nesting together ; and many and many'6 the time we've stood up against the whole school, snowballing. A snowball, with a stone in it, hit him in the face once, and knocked him flat down ; but he was up in a minute, all bloody, and rushed into the middle of our enemies, like a young lion — like a young lion ! He was the first and the eleverest of all of us — I was a loDg way behind him. And now, think of him lying there almost at his last breath, and look at me.' Snaggletooth straightens himself as he walks up-stairs, murmuring, ' The cleverest boy in the school ! And now t.hinlr of him and look at me ! ' Snaggletooth's wife is in the house, and helps my mother in her trouble. In the night this good creature and I sit together in the kitchen — waiting. My mother comes in softly two or three times ; once she draws me out of the kitchen on to the dark land ing, and kneels down, and with her arms around my neck, sobs quietly upon my Bhoulder. She kisses me many times, and whispers a prayer to me, which I re peat after her. ' Be a good child always, Chris,' she says. ' I will, mother.' And the promise, given atsuch a time, sinks into my heart with the force of a sacred obligation. Then my mother takes me into the kitchen, and gives me into the charge of Snaggletooth'a wife, and steals away. Snaggletooth's wife begins to prattle to amuse me, and in a few minutes I ascertain that she in some way resembles Jane Painter ; for — probably influenced by the appropriateness of the occasion for such narrations — she tells me stories in a low tone about the Ghost of the Red Barn, and the Cock- lane GhOBt, and Old Mother Shipton. The old witch, is a favourite theme with Snaggletooth's wife, and I hear many strange things. She says : ' One night Mother Shipton was in a terrible rage and she told the grasshopper on the top of the Roya Exchange to jump over to the ball on St. Paul's Church steeple. And so it did. Soon after that, London was burnt to the ground.' I muse upon this, and presently inquire : ' Was it an accident ? ' ' The fire ? No ; it was done on purpose.' ' Was it because the grasshopper jumped on to the steeple that London was set on fire ? ' ' Of course,' is the reply. ' That was Mother Shipton's 6pite.' Snaggletooth's wife tells so many stories of ghosts and witches that the air smells of fire and brimstone, and I see the cat's tail stiffen and it6 eyes glow fear fully. Then I hear a cry from up-stairs, and Snaggle tooth's wife rises hurriedly, and looks about her with restless hands, and the whole house is in a strange confusion. Snaggletooth himself comes into the room, and as he whispers some consoling words to me — only the import of which I understand — his great tooth sticks out like a horn. He looks like a Send. 