Another Ghost Story. FnoM time to time, we have received startling in telligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts tliatlmre been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likely to lie carried away by idla fancies. Mr. Bobert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bauierang, has been terrified, his faithful watch dog driven mad, and hiajwholo household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. On Tuesday night last, Williams's f unilv were startled bv what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rushing about in a msst frantic manner, and would ever}- now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the con test in sullen silence. The ghost, in defiance of all ' locks, bolts, and bare,' entered the house, nnd Williamsthen saw the figureof a man, dressed appa rently in the garb of a bu shman. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bed clothes off the bed, and lay down ou top of Williams, who could feel nothing when he put his handout to touch it After a while' the apparition went to where there was a ctosb cut saw standing, which, it sounded several times us if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family ina terrified state for. some time his gbostship departed. Williams avers that he has heard and seen this Btrange visitor 'eeveral times eince his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at liis hou e and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have re ported to have seen similar npparations in the locality, nnd one gentleman, well-known in this district, who resided atonetim&at; Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a Manila Imt on, dressed in moleskin trousers, and . a bluo guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bed-room, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was, and what he wanted, fuund that the supposed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered iu the locality many years ago. — Slioallwven New. 