CAUTION TO BARBERS. Some years ago the passengers of a coach, passing through a country town, were alarmed by seeing a hair dresser, pale as a ghost, rush out of his shop with his scissors and comb in his hand, and clam ber frantically to the top of the vehicle as it pursued its journey, uttering the most piercing shrieks of despair. When he had somewhat recovered his composure, he gave the following explanation of his conduct:—He was, he said, engaged in cutting a customer's hair, and while thus employed became so absorbed in conver sation that he forgot to control his opera tions, and, too late, found that he had clipped the hair to such an extent that he had produced a large bald patch on the head of the unconscious victim of his care lessness. Dreading the consequences when the fatal mistake should be discovered, he prolonged the sitting until the coach made its appearance, and then successfully ef fected his escape, intending never again to return to the scene of his professional disgrace. It is surprising that hair dressers, with all their chatter during the time they are at work, do not more frequently commit similar errors, and they will no doubt be awakened to the serious responsibilities of their position by a small debt action which caine up before Sheriff Substitute Clark, in Glasgow, recently, involving a question of no small import ance to barbers generally. A lady sued a hair dresser for £12 damages, for hav ing, as she alleged, while dressing her hair, shorn it too closely. As put by the pursuer's agent, the question for a Sheriff Substitute to decide is, if a barber is in structed to cut off (say) two inches from the length of a customer's hair, is he eu-/ titled to cut four 1 The case has been ad. journed to allow evidence "to be ledi" and in the mean time barbers will do veil to be cautious; for if the Glasgow iady wins her case, others who feel the breezes blowing with uncomfortable freshness about their heads on leaving hair dressers' shops will no doubt claim com pensation John Billings says :—" I have often been told that the beat way is to take the bull by the horns; but I think, in many instances, I should prefer the tail held." A Crawford country, 111., school di rector has employed a teacher for the winter because he plays a good game of cards. The Jews.—"Talk-about the jaws of death !" exclaimed a henpecked husband ; " I tell you they're nothing to the jaws of life." Scraping and Cutting.—Some people, like barbers, , are always ready to scrape an acquaintance, and then, also like bar bers, they are apt to cut him, too. A Core for Corns.—Castor-oil applied to the corn after paring closely each night before going to the bed. It softens the corn and it becomes as the other flesh. It will cure everv time. Medical Press and Circular.' 