The fi'ope and the Germans. A very numerous and iuflaeotial'deputatioa of Germans was received by the Pope at tbo Vatican on the 22ad of April, -''V-v' -??'?' ? The address to tbe Pontiff was .read by Prince Eurstenburg, and the Holy Father replied in ; tbe : following words : — . It is, indeed, a great- consolation' to me to see you around me in a noble, eirole of /aithful sodp, and still moro so whon I reflect that your voices are tbe eoho of thoee of all Catholic Europe whidb are lifted up to deplore the evils which affliot the Immaculate Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Holy Roman Churoh. Nevertheless, the great solemni ties which sbo places at thin soason bofore our eyeB, and especially tbe memory of tbo Passion, the supremo ond mysterious triumph of our Divine Redeemer's love for. us, should be for. me, as they are for you a subject of rejoicing nnd exultation. Yes; this is, indeed, a solemn season- in which it is most fitting that K-e should recall how many who remained indifferent to the wonderful miracles wrought by. our Saviour himself during his divine missions, were.con-' verted when they saw the great work-of Redemp tion arrive at its term, and the sou! of the only begotten Son return to the arms of tho Eternal Father. The sun was darkuess at that terrible moment, and- darkness oovered:tbe-whole earth : ? Tenebra facta sunt super univ'ersam terram. It ivas then that the good' wero confirmed iu their resolution of followirjg the Nazarone. On the rest it produced this phenomenon. The weak aud those led astray, . sojzi-d with emotion, opened' iheir eyes and saw in the midst of tbe obsourity tba» wbicb they had not discerned in tbo fulness of ligh't, and the recognised errors into which they had beon led by tho perfidy of tbe Pharisees, tbe prieBts, and the impioua ; but these, on the contrary, remained plunged in their iniquity. Tbe weak ard the decei»ed oried out at that moment, 'Verily, this wua the Son of God.' Tbey took courage and deolared themselves openly disciples of the Najarene, _ / ?- ' ; ; '' Mv haWmi S6«;; ^ -Q0 proaent ao^ tho earth is once moro covored with the darkuoaB of incredulity, and in curtain parts of it tbo dark ness is the thicker because incredulity ia joinod to that infornal obscurity whioh takes its source from hatred to God and hia ministers. But this darkness itself reanimates tbo persons of tho good, who, seeing the Church unjustly persecuted, rcdouhlo their energy, and full uf courage, uro propuring tliumsolvos to maintSin hor rights, utul to do valiant battle against tho efforts o( God's enemies.-' Thi! episcopato and the clorjy of Germsny, SwiiaerlamK' and in all parts of Christendom, united to t]ic Cliristian people, nro b.'Come in our ilay a spectacle ol H'lmiratiou to the aniverse — to angels as woll ai to rueu. They are as shining lights, whioh draw towards them the eyes of all populations, and many Christiins are thun brought to imitate their exatnplo. Oportct enim Increses cssc, vt qui probali sunt', manifest! fl tint in volris,' These enors nnd heresies pnicluimed to- day, and stillmoro wickedly sustained and spread by cot tain men in power, cnuse all generous hearts to manifest themselves by defending the truth, dis regarding penalties, threats, and death itself. It is thus that religion shows itself great and worthy and multiplies its' disciples, who are thus sure, sincere, resolute, and constant ones. It wa? suid iu old times ilmt the blood of martyrs was the seod of tho Church and of new Christians. This is what is now happening. Tho firmnesg of a yreat multitude, -of which you form a part, multiplies the true adorers and disciples of Jesus Christ. But take heed, for you must not halt on tho way, a couosol the tnoro osseutial that raven ing wolves oease not to lay in wait, for your faith and lay snares for it. All means seom good to them. They enter tbe fold by fraud; they employ violence by the aid of those in high places; they neglect nothing in order to attain their deresteblo end, whioh is the destructton of Chris tianity. True apostles of Satau, they rely on the tyrannical arrogance ol conain men by tho type ol Sojanus, and persuade themselves that threats, exilo and prisons will prepare the way (or the possible abolition of all trace -of the Catholic faith. But do you, placing your confidence in the aid of God, redouhlo your efforts, and nover forget that human nature tends fatally towards weak ness and decay, aud remember that yon must porseve'e with courage, and that he who has put his baud -to the plough must not turn baok To oppose the .infidel and wicked Press, then ; to persevere, in, action ; to take oharge of youth ;'to protost by all legal meausin favor of the rights of the 'Charon, ; who never' bus boen, and neter will be, tbe servant, for God wills that she be mistreBS. and to uplift your arms in prayer to heaven, and only to lot them fall w'hen the enemy is humbled aod the sun has gone down. This, my sons, is {lie sura of your duties at tbe present time; these aro tboimenns 1 counsel you to employ in ordet that; united with your bishops, you may see your souls restored to peace — that relative peace which wo are permitted to enjoj in this valley of oar exile — and the suspension, if- not the end, of the persecution of the Church! of Christ. : Having .said', this .'much; it only remains for me to raise my own hands .to, heaven and invoke a ?blessing1 on yon, on your families and. op all those who are .absent, but whoso ' sentiments- ? you worthily repiesent and who think 'with arid as you.- I'' ?'?'' M;-';'v'A:'1-. . T May tbe Eternal Father 'bless you and1 pene trate- your souls with a ray of hia omnipotence in order to make you vslliantHchampions of the faith, eyer.ready to combat andorush the pride of bis enemies., . ; ? ;::May the Eternal Son bless you: and give you the' wisdom hecosary -to prevent ? the impious seducing you :with their sophisms — that wisdom which! gives you the fitting arms to confound terror and refute. impiety. ' : '' : ,,'May the Holy Ghost, the' Spirit of Lovo and Qbarityi bless you and- descend into your hearts. Ohl Divine Spirit, thou who art come down to ikindle tbe.earth with. love,, desoeud now, and by thy light destroy errors and convert siunersl Como' down and bless this people ' now before me and all those who are animated by the same, sentiments, aud w'ho are spread over the face of the eartb. May, God bless you, my beloved sons, now and for the rest of yuur days ; may he bless you at the hour of your deaths, in order that yon also, committing, alter this examplo of Jesus Christ, your eouls into the hands of fbe Eternal Futher, may be made worthy to bles3 hi in and praise hi.tn to all eternity. Benediclio Dei, 