RALPH THE BAILIFF. By Miss Braddon. Charier i; the FtJNERAL OF the ELDER RON. A drizzling rain tell upon the long grass and the moBB-grown tombstones of the church- yard of Olney, a village in Lincolnshire. Every now and then, beaten down by this mpessant rain, a dend leaf fell from one of a row of sycamores, which bordered the low churchyard wall, and dropped heavily upon the graves beneath the trees. No gleam of sunshine relieved the dull gray of the September sky. A cluster of villagers and village children, grouped together at one angle of the irregular etone wall, drew their wet clothes closer round them, and shivered as if this September had been January. Prom one side of the churchyard sounded the monotonous voice of the curate, reading the funeral service. At the white gate, on the other side of the church, waited three mourning-coaches, sur rounded by another group of village children, who, regardless of the perpetual raiu, stood Btaring open-mouthed at the long- tailed black horses aud the solemn-visaged charioteers. The funeral service ended, the chief mourner walked slowly through the church yard, followed by the seven or eight gentle men who had been present at the ceremony. The grief of that chief mourner was evident to all ; his hollow eyes were dry and tearless, and he walked along the narrow path, looking straight before him, with an air of gloomy abstraction. He took his seat in one of the coaches, accompanied by his ancle, a gray- haired old farmer, and the village attorney. "You must bear up — you must bear up, my dear Dudley," said the gray-haired nan, as the mourning-coach lumbered along the un even paving of'Olney High- street. "I will, Uncle' Richard ; but it's harder to bear than I ever thought it would be," said the chief mourner ; aud to the surprise of his companions he let down the window at his side, and, putting out his head, looked back at the churchyard they had loft. He remaiuod iu this position till a turu in the street com pletely bid the burial-ground from his view, and then, drawing in his head, he closed the window with a short sigh. "Poor boy, he wauts to have a last look at his brother's grave," said the gray-haired man to_ the lawyer, while his nephew looked out of the carriage-window. After this the chief mourner sat silent and motionless, looking fixedly out at the fiat high-roud, and the dripping 'leaves and Bhivering cattle in the wet fields. He was a man of one-aud-twenty, but looked much older. He had a fair complexion, a small straight nose, very red, womanish lips, a slightly- receding chin, a low forehead, large blue eyes, and light auburn hair. He was rather hand- Bome, and was generally said to have a most prepossessing countenance. He was the younger son of the late Arthur Carleon, gentleman farmer, and proprietor of the Grey Parm, an estate of some importance in' the estimation of the simple Olney folks. The dwelling-house of fchiB Grey Parm stood a 'mile away from the high-road, and the pathway leading to it lay by the Bide of a river — a narrow, dismal river, on which coal- barges went up and down between,GrimBby and Lincoln. Ihe lauds of the farm, which consisted of three hundred and eighty acres, lay flat and low on the border of this river, stretching down to the shelving bank, and only divided by this bank from the water, which constantly overflowed the meadows nearest to the river side. Along this bank the three mourning-coaches — drove slowly and carefully — a road dangerous at the best of times ; at night doubly dangerous. Half-an-hour's driving brought the dismal cortege to the gates of the garden in front of the farmhouse. The mourners alighted, and silently assembled in a long, low, oak-panelled apartment, furnished iu the ponderous fashion of half a ceutury ago. The Carleons were one of the oldest families in Lincolnshire. The house of the Grey Parm was' filled with portraits of fine gentlemen, in doublets and hose ; soldiers who had. fallen at Boswortli and Ploddeu ; cavaliers who had fought at Worcester, and brave soldiers and loyal gentlemen who had helped to beat the rebels on Marston Moor ; but for the last hundred and fifty years the sword had been exchanged for the ploughshare, aud the Carleons had been farmers from father to sou. The estate of the Grey Parm — which was so called from having originally belonged to a body of the order of Grey Priars, who built an abbey upon the laud — was bought, in 1700, by a younger son of the house of . Carleon, the elder branch of which becoming extinct, all other estates belonging to the family had fallen into Chancery, and the Carleons had sunk into simple gentlemen farmers. Dudley Carleon walked to the wide fireplace, in which a dull Same struggled with the thick Brnoke from a mass of black coal. .The young man leant against the angle of the high chimney-piece, and turned his face away from the other gentlemen, whom his gloomy silence considerably embarrassed. A young woman, the principal female servant, dressed, like her master, in the deepest mourning, busied herself in handing about wine and cuke. After tuking it to the visitors, she offered it to Dudley Carleon ; but the young man, hearing' the jingle of the glasses at his elbow, looked up suddenly, aud shook his head with an impatient gesture. He was very pale, and his eyes were sur rounded by dark circles, which gave the light-blue eyes a strangely- haggard appearance. One of the gentleman, au attorney from Olney, read the will of the decoasod. It was very simple. Martin Carleon had had nothing to bestow but the farm and homestead, on which he was born, and on which he had lived his short life of tbree-aud-twenty years. He had died of an ague, produced, according to the doctors, by the fatal dampness of the Grey Parm. Young, handsome, vigorous, and .athletic, the farmer had succumbed, after a lingering illness, under this painful and exhausting disease. He had never married, and Dudley was his only brother ; so no one had ever felt any doubt as to wbo would inherit his property. The estate, though it had gone straight down from father to son tor a 'hundred and fifty years, had never, been entailed, and the will of Martin's father had left no provision for the event of the young man's dying childless ; but the attachment between the brothers was known to kaye been so sincere, that this will was looked upon as a mere form. It was worded as every one had expected : — "I, Martin Carleon, being at this time of sound mind, though weak in bodily health, do hereby give, will, and bequeath to my beloved brother, Dudley Carleon, all those lands, teuements, and out- buildiugs, known as the Grey Parm, together with all live stock, farm- iug implements, " &c.; »fcc. A few trifling legacies followed : a gold snuff-box to his uncle, Richard Weston, the gray-haired old man present at the reading of the will ; his watch and chain to ayoungludy to whom be had been engaged to be married ; and some bequests to the servants. During the reading of the will the young man had never once lifted his head from its recumbent position against the angle of the chimney piece ; but when it was quite finished, and the visitors rose from their chairs, and approached Dudley, prior to . takiug their departure, he looked up at them with the same expression his face had worn at the gate of the churchyard — an expression that seemed to say, " What ought I to do next ?" " You are very kind," ho stnmmered in answer to the cousolation speeches addressed to him. "Yes, I will do my best to bear his loss." He said these words again and again, in an absent, helpless mauuer, aud breathed a sigh of relief as the door closed upon the funeral party, and he was left alone with his uncle. Por some time he remained silent, his face buried iu his hands, whilo the old man sat looking at him furtively, as if almost afraid to speak. Presently he looked up and said, with strange abruptness — " Do you know if Agues Marlow is very sorry ? " Agnes Marlbw was the daughter of the Rector of Olney, and had been the promised wife of Martin Carleon. "They say so at Olney, answered Mr. Weston. "They say that she is very ill, and has seen no one but her father since your brother's death." " She came hero the night before ho died. When her father was sent for, she heard the message, and stole out of the house after him, and followed him down h'ere. I shall never forget her white face — it haunts me to-day more thau his." " My poor boy, these are silly fancies. Agues Murlow's grief has nothing to do with you. You did your duty to your poor brother from the first to the last." "That's something," muttered Dudley. " Something ! Everything. Martin was a good brother to you " Dudley Carleon shivered involuntarily. "A very good brother. He had hard, work to keep up your allowance at college, I can tell you, Dudley. But he always said that one farmer at a time was quite enough in the Carleon fumily, and that you should be a man of education, and a polished gentleman." "And a dependent ou my brother's bounty," said Dudley bitterly. "No, Dudley. Martin never thought any thing he did for you a bounty or a favour." "Not Martin, perhaps ; but other people thought so." Mr. Weston gave a little murmur of depre cation, aud then, not knowing what further remark to make, lapsed into silence. The old man was to dine and spend the night at the Grey Parm, as Thorpe Grange, his own house, was ten miles on the other side of Olney. Ihe uncle and nephew' dined in a room adjoining the oak parlour in which the will had beeu read, aud were waited on by a maid-servant. " Then you will manage the farm yourself, Dudley ?" said Mr. Weston, aB they sat over their wine, the room only lighted by a blazing fire, and the sky outside the windows darken ing with the September twilight. "Yes. I may not know as much of agri culture as poor Martin, but I know a little, und I can learn more. In short, I'll accept the fate of the Carleons, and turn gentleman farmer.'' "There's only one thing I'm afraid of, Dudley " "Aud that is " "Your chance of falling ill of the agne and fever that killed Martin. The doctors attribute his illness to the air of the Grey Parm." "Then why is it that the men who live upon the premises, and are at work in the fields from sunrise to sunset, from the first of January to the thirty-first of December, have never fallen ill of the ague that killed poor Martin ? Take my word for it, it was not the Grey Parm thut caused my brother's death ; bis constitution could not have been a stroncr one." "But such a tall, broad-chested, powerful young man," said his uncle. "Is often the first to sink under an illness which the ignorance of his medical attendant attributes to a wrong cause. Martin had lived on the Grey Farm for three-and-twenty years, and if this autumn has been cold and rainy, other autumns have been cold aud rainy ; if the farm has been half under water this year, it has been halt under water many a year. It's my opinion, Uncle Weston, that Martin's life might have been saved if his doctor hod not been an inefficient blockhead. That's partly the cause of my grief for my brother. I cousider him a sacrifice to the ignorance of two medical practitioners, and I shall never forgive myself for not having sent to London for a physician before it was too late," " What, you did send, then ?" "I telegraphed to London half an hour before he died." " My dear boy, you have done your duty. But tell me," continued the old man, anxions to change the conversation, "about your domestic arrangements. You retain all the servants ?" " Every labourer on the fnrm, every maid servant in the kitchen. No servant ever leaves the Carleons — except for the churchyard." "That' young woman who handed the wine round after the funeral — she looks rather superior to the rest — who is she ?" " 0, 1 suppose it was Martha. She was my brother's housekeeper. She is the siBter of my bailiff a very clever young man." " She is ruther a handsome girl." "You think so? Too pale, too dark, too heavy. She has never beeu young, I think, that girl ; I can always remember her equally grave and puritanical, with a pale solemn face and straight hair plastered over her forehead ; but she is an excellent housekeeper." " She is a very young housekeeper, Dudley. I Bhould be rather' afraid of her, if I were you. Bachelor farmers sometimes marry their housekeepers nowadays. It has grown into a fashion ; and the womon know it, aud play their cards accordingly." " She must play a deeper game than I give her credit for, clever as she is, if she wants to catch me," said Dudloy. " I have a littlo of the ambition of the old Carleons, aud there is no record of any of them having married their servants." A little after ten o'clock, Dudloy Carleon led his uncle up the wide oak staircase to the apartment prepared for him. To roach, this room they had to pass through a long corridor, on one side of which was a row of solid oak doors,- leading into the bedrooms. Before the first of these doors Dudley Carleon stopped, withaghnstly face, aud leaued for support against the wull behind him. " Martin's room," he muttered hoarsely ; " the room ho died in. This is the very spot on which Agnes Marlow stood on the night of iny brother's death. Talk of ghosts," he said with a hollow laugh; "if you can fancy a corpse galvanisod into life, you can fancy how she looked." " Come, come, my dear boy " " Don't pity me. I am a coward — a miser able, superstitious coward. I never thought this was in me." The yonng man brushed his hand across his forehead, drew himself to the fullost height, and walked before his uncle to the end of the corridor. He opened a door, led the way into a comfortable, old-fashioned apartment, com municating' with another room of about the same size. Pires had boen lighted in both bedchambers, and a cheerful blaze was reflected iu every panel of the wainscot. Richard Weston, farmer,- slept as well on the night after his eldest nephew's funeral as he always slept under his owu roof at the Grange. Ouce or twice, however, in the dismal hours of the long autumnal night, he was uwoke by the monotonous step of the new owner of the Grey Farm, pacing up and dowu the oak floor of his bedroom. "Poor fellow," muttored the old man, as he buried his head \in the pillows and dropped off again to sleep — "poor fellow, what a sincere affection there has been between those two boys !" Chapter II. a shadow that hears. For a considerable time there was a great deal of curiosity felt iu Olney about Dudley Carleon, and the way in which he would manage his newly- acquired property. Every body knew that the Carleons were not rich, and that the Grey Parm required a great amount of expenditure before it would pro duce much money. The land wanted. drain ing, but poverty had prevented this being ever effectually done ; and the owners of the land had dragged on, through good harvests and bad harvests, without ever enriching themselves or their children, and only too glad if they could pay their way. "How, then," asked the inhabitants of Olney, "would Dudley Carleon succeed with the property out of which his father and his brother had obtained so little ?" But the Olney people soon confessed that Dudley Carleon was by no means a bad farmer. He set vigorously to work, and with small expenses contrived to make great improvements. Useless hedges and old trees were ruthlessly done away with ; ditches were dug in the low fields, aud the water carried back to the river from which it came, while a superior breed of cattle fed iu the dry pastures to those, that had grazed in the sloppy meadows during Murtin'B management. In short, to the surprise of everybody, the young Cantab seemed to be a bettor farmer than bis brother had been. But when complimeuted on his good management, Mr. Carleon was wont to Bay that he himself had very littlo part iu the improvements on the Grey Farm, Binco they were the work of Ralph, his bailiff, and his greatest treasure. If this remark happened to be made by Dudley while showing a neighbour over the farm, a closely-cropped black head, a pale face, and two gray eyes would generally emerge from behind some barn or out- building, or look down from the top of some haystack, and Ralph, the farm- bailiff, himself would appear, tugging at the close-cropped black hair in acknowledgemontof his master's praise. It seemed to Dudley Carleon's acquaintance rather a peculiarity in the manners and customs of this farm- bailiff that wherever his master happened to be there he was to be found. This was, of course, purely accidental ; but it was au accident of such frequeut occur rence that it became a subject for observation. If Dudley Carleon gave a dinner-party, Ralph the bailiff took upon himself the office of butler, and waited at table, bringing with him into the dir.ing-room a powerful odour of hay and beans, and generally doing some small damage to the service of old china which had belonged to his master's great-grandmother. It was perfectly obvious that the awkwardness of the farm-servant gave considerable annoyance to the polished host; it was still more obvious that he hesitated to show such annoyance ; he appeared, indeed, to consult the feelingB of his bailiff before those of his guests or himself. Sleek, dark, and pale, Ralph, the treasure of servants, would stand behind his master's chair, listening attentively to every word that was- said. If on a summer's evening Dudley lounged with a friend smoking his cigar ou the grass- plot in front of the house, the farm- bailiff suddenly became a gardener, and was busy transplanting gerauiumsor setting cuttings of pinks. If, on a dark night, the young man accompanied au acquaintance part of the way back to Olney, the farm-bailiff was always at his heels ready to open the gates or show the way with a lantern. If Dudley on a Sunday, after ohurcb, stopped to tulk to his neighbours iu the churchyard, Ralph the bailiff with his sistor Martha on his arm, was generally to be seen looking at a tombstone, or reading an epitaph, a few paces from his master. But tho young farmer was constantly praising his servant's fidelity and usefulness, and generally wound up his encomiums by declaring that if Ralph were ever to take it into his head to leave the Grey Parm, ho should be a ruined man. Ralph the bailiff, always appearing at this juncture, would generally say, as he pulled off his bat and tugged-at his sleek black hair — "Lord, Master Dudley, I'll never leave 'ee." Ralph, his master said, was very much above hiB station. He could read and write ; and when the other labourers were lolling of a night over the kitchen fire, smoking their -pipes, or pulling the ears of the great sheep dog, the bailiff would shut himself up in hiB own room and devote himself to his education. Dudley and Martin had taught him a good deal, when as boyB they had lounged together on summer evenings watching the labourers at their work ; for Ralph the bailiff had been born on the estate, as well us hia sister Martha, Dudley's housekeeper. The new master of the farm had given a little sitting-room in the servant's wing to Martha and her brother as their own peculiar property, and here of an evening, after dark, the two used to sit, she at needlework, he seated before a great old-faBhioned desk that had been his mother's, writing or reading; The brother and sistor wero much alike, both iu person and manuers. Both palo and dark, with heavy features, straight sleek black hair, and deep-set gray eyes ; both tall and slim ; both grave, reserved, and silent ; orderly in their habits ; precise in their way of speak-, ing. They wore not much liked by the other servants, but they wore very much respected, and every one of tho farm labourers knew that it was wiser to offend Mr. Dudley Carleon than to run the risk of displeasing Ralph the bailiff. Actual master of all the men, possessed of unlimited executive power, Ralph Purvis, the bailiff, walked with a steady and a stealthy step, day by day, over the Grey Furm. Wherever tho owner of the laud went, full across his path fell the shadow of his con fidential servant; whomsoever Le spoke to, or whomsoever ho saw, there was Ralph tho bailiff to hoar hia words and to watch his looks. As time went by the 'inhabitants of Olney began to say that Dudley Carleon had changed mouth by month, week by week, day by day, and hour by hour, since the September morn ing on which his elder brother had boen buried. He had grown thin and pale, fitful and moody in his manners, reserved and un certain in bis address. " His grief for his brother's death is really absurd," said the gentlemen. "He ought to form a new attachment — and marry," said the ladios. But nothing seemed further from the young farmers's thoughts than the holy state of matrimony. Seclnded in the great stone mansion, he saw very little society of any kind, but sat moodily ovor his solitary hearth wheu-tbe weather was bad, or, on fine even ings, strolled listlessly about the farm, talking over the business of the next day with Ralph the bailiff. Three years had passed since the funeral of Martin Carleon ; and the third September after that on which tho drizzling rain had drenched the scarves and hatbands of the mouruers, and tho thin garments of the village children, drew to a cold aud dismal close. Ou the last day of the month, Mr. Thoodore Broughton, the only solicitor resident in Olney, dined with Dudley Carleon. He had ridden over to the Grey Farm, to talk about some law business he had on hand for the young farmer, and Dudley had persuaded him to stop to dinner. The two gentlemen dined at five o'clock, in tho oak dining- room — a cold and draughty apartment, which the largest fire that could be piled up iu the wide grate could never thoroughly warm. This oak dining- room was lighted, like the drawing-room, by three windows, two of which were situated in the front of the house, opening into the garden, while the third facod the river, and looked straight into the farmyard. There was very little attempt at refinement in the arrange ments of this great, dreary, rambling farm house ; a litter of noisy pigs ran about close under the dining-room window, and three or four huge draught-horses stood pastern deep in wet straw a few paces from where the geu- tlemen sat at diuuor. According to the usual custom when there was company at the Grey Parm, Ralph the oaiiitt made nis appearnnce, wearing an old dress-coat of his master's, and carrying a napkin over his arm. This apparent attempt at style was so entirely foreign to the ordin ary habits of the Carleons, who had always lived in the most unpretending manner, that evorybody wondered 'at and disliked it. "That awkward, dark-faced bailiff never came into the house in Martin Carleon's time," tho visitors at the Grey Farm would say, " and now he's always sneaking about the premises." This evening of the 30th of September the bailiff s presence seemed peculiarly disagree able to Theodore Broughton, the lawyer. Ho wished to talk of business, and he disliked doing so while Ralph stood with a listening countenance at his master's elbow. Ho sug gested to Dudley that they should wait upon themselves, as no doubt the bailiff s presence was noeded about the farm ; but neither Ralph's master nor Ralph himself would take the hint. The young man was evidently em barrassed, and tho bailiff hold hiB ground at his master's olbow with a doggod aud deter mined look in his dark face. "The truth of the matter is," said the lawyer, " that I waut to have a few words with you, about that busiuess — and " "0, ah ! to be sure. — You hear, Purvis, Mr. Broughton wauts a little private conversation with mo. Leave us." Ralph the bailiff stood quite still, twisting the dinner napkin round and round upou his arm, and looking from his master to tho visitor, and from the visitor back to bis master. "You hear," repented Dudloy Carleon, turn ing very pale, but with a vivid flash of auger iu his large blue eyes ; " leave us ! " " Very well, sir ; " and with a stiff bow to his master, Ralph the bailiff left tho room. He shut the door after him rather loudly as ho went out ; but two minutes afterwards Theo dore Broughton, who sat opposite to it, saw it reopened by a cautious hand and sot a littlo ajar. "You have listeners iu this house, Carleon," said the lawyer, as ho rose from the table, and going ovor to the door, shut it securely. "I don't like speaking against another man's servants, but I really cau't help sayiug that I've a great dislike to your bailiff." " What, Ralph Purvis ? My dear Brough ton, he's an inestimable fellow. The best bailiff in the country, aud faithful to a degree." "Faithful to the degree of officiousuess, I think," muttered the lawyer, shrugging his shoulders; and then, changing the cou versa- tion, he discussed with his client the business that had brought him to the farm. After this had been satisfactorily settled, they spoko of indifferent topics, and the lawyer by and by told Dudley of the many speculations made by the feminine inhabitants of Olnoy as to tho causes of his determined bachelorhood. "In short, my dear CurleoD," he said ldughing, " you ought to make an excellent match ; aud that reminds me of an idea that has often occurred to mo, which idea is, that Agues Marlow, the rector's daughter, would bo tho very girl to make you a good wife." Dudley Carleon started as if ho had been stung. A cold perspiration broke out upon his forehead, which he wiped with a trembling hand, as he Baid hesitatingly, "0 no, ho. Agnes Marlow is the vory last person — the very last. Didn't you know of her engage ment to my poor brothor Murtiu r" "Yos, I was perfectly aware thoy wore to have been married ; that appears to me the very reason why sho would be a suitable match for you. It would seem as if you were fulfilling your poor brother's w;sh in making her mistress of the Grey Parm." "Agnes Marlow's heart is buried in Martin Carleon's grave. Do you know, Broughton, I have a very strong suspicion that her grief for my brother's death had a fatal effect upon her intellect, and that she — that she has not — been — quite right — in her mind since — that — occurrence." > Dudley Carleon said these words slowly, and as if with an effort. " What in mercy's name has given you this idea r" " Because she has evinced such an evident dislike to me over since I have been owner of the property. A3 if — as if — really — she hated me for being master of the Grey Parm." " Pshaw, my dear Carleon ; pure fancy on your part, I am sure." " Be it how it may, Agnes Marlow is the last person I should ever dream of marryiug." " As you will. I can't attempt to choose a. wife for you ; but what I say, and what every, body else says, is, that you decido Jly ought to marry. What a droary life you must lead in this dismal old house, with not a soul to speak to but that sleek black bailiff of yours, and his equally sleek and black sister, your house keeper ! Only think, man,, how the cheerful face of a pretty young wife would brighten the head of this long dining-table I' " Well, well ; I'll see about it," said Dudley, as he and his friend rose from the table. As they were about to leave the room, Mr. Carleon poured out a glass of brandy from a bottle on the sideboard, and drained it at a draught. While he was doing this, Thoodore Brough- ton's eyes waudered oarelessly round tho walls of the room, looking at the old pictures. Iu doing this, his glance happened to rest for a moment ou the window opening into tho farm-yard. It was quite dark, but in the gray obscurity he distinctly saw a pair of gleaming eyes staring in through- a pane 01 glass, and he saw also a coarse red hand, which had lifted the wiudow-sash about throe inches from tho sill. " I told yon, CarleoD, that you had listeners about the place," ho said, raising his voice so as to be heard by the person without ; " look at that window." But when the lawyer and Dudley Carleon reached the window in question, there was nothing to be seen, only iu the half-darkness of the farm-yard a figure was visible, leading the draught-horses to the stable, j " I thought so," said Theodore Broughton ; !"the listener was your bailiff, Ralph Purvis, j I thought I could not be mistaken in the J glitter of thoso eyes. Dudley CarleoD, my i profession is oue which throws me into con- j tact with strange people ; it may have made I me . suspicions ; it may have made me only cautious. All I say to you, as your friend ' and legal adviser,' is this — beware of that man !" " My dear follow, I have every respect for your legal acumen, but you are quite wrong. I would trust Ralph Purvis with untold gold." "Trust him with all the mines of California if you like ; but do not trust him with your secrets." Dudley Carleon's face, palo before, suddenly flushed scarlet. " Good heavens I" said the lawyer, " do you know that I consider the fellow such a listener and a sneak, that did I not see him yonder, out of reach of hearing, leading in thoso horses, I should' expect to turn round and find him at my elbow ?" / " Martha has taken coffee into- the drawing- room, sir," said a voice a- few paces behind tho two gentlemen. Dudley and the lawyer turned sharply round. Ralph the bailiff was standing a little way within the open door at the other end of the room. j"I was -leading tho horses in, sir, when I saw you two gentlemen at the window ; so I gave them to William to hold, aud ran round here to tell you coffee was waitiug." When Dudley and his visitor went into tho drawing-room, they found Martha Purvis busy with tho cups and saucers on a littlo table near the fire. Prim aud demure, dressed iu sombre grey, and with straight black hair banded tightly under her white cap, sho moved about iu tho fire-lit room as softly as if sho had been tho ghostly reproduction of one of the dark picturos 011 .the wainscoted wall. Wherever she moved in the flickering light, she threw a shadow on the floor or the walls ; and grim and distorted as this shadow always looked wherever it fell, it seemed to Dudloy Carleon to have a deeper blncknoss when it was cast upon him, the master of the Grey Farm. The lawyer's horse was brought round to the front-door as the timepiece in the drawing- rooin struck eight. Dudley followed his friend out into the garden ; Ralph Purvis stood hold ing the bridle in his hand. Thcodoro Broughton shrugged his shoulders at the sight of the farm-bailiff, but sprang into the saddle without saying a word. " I will walk a little way with you, Broughton," said Dudley, as tho lawyer bade liim good-night. " Shall I come with you to open tho gate, sir 1 " asked the bailiff "No, I can do it myself." It was quite dark, and a thick mist rose 1 from the river by which the two men went, the lawyer walking his horse, aud Dudley Carleon holding the rein as he guided tho animal along the narrow bank. When they had reached the gate which marked the boundary of the farm 011 the Olnoy side, the young man bade his friend good-night, and walked slowly homewards. A dark figure rose from tho shelving river- bank, and stood by his side. " Can J have a word with thee, muster ? " asked Ralph the bailiff. " You cau speak, I suppose 1 " said Dudley, without looking up or evincing the least sur prise at his servaut's sudden appearance on the bank. " But will 'ee listen 1 " " Yes," answered his master, walking slowly on, his head bent down, and his hands in his pockets. " And will 'ee answer what I ask thee 1 " " Perhaps ! " " Maybe I'd better not speak here ; one of the men might be in yon fields, and listen " " True, that might spoil your market." " Where shall I speak, then, Muster Catlcon 1 " " In your own room, at the top of tho back stairs. But what can vou have to say to mc to-night 1" " Never thee mind what it be, Muster Carleon. Will 'ee hear it 1 Yes or 110; or shall I go into Olney and say it to yon young ludy, that " " Do you want me to throw you into that river ? " " I'm not afeartl, sir,'' said Ralph Purvis, with a grin ; " it'd make too much noise in tho neighbourhood." Dudley Carleon was silent for the rest of the way back to the house. He walked slowlf, with Lis bnt slouched over his eyes, looking neither to the right nor the left ; the bailiff, keeping a few paces in .ad vance of him, opened tho gates as he ap proached, and fell back respectfully for him to pass. As the owner of the Grey Farm crossed the hall and opened the drawing-room door, lie turned round and said to his bailiff, in a voice loud enough to bo heard by tho domestic servants about the place, — " Before you go to bed, Purvis, get your accounts ready for me ; I'll come to your room and look them over." The autumn winds swept with dismal voices, aud strange, inarticulate, complaining cries, over the long flat stubbled fields of the Grey Parm. The autumn mists rose in these bare fields aud the low meadows, and spread a ghostly veil over the land, under which the slow river crawled onwards to the distant sea. There seemed to be, in the nature of this deep and quiet river, something nkin to that of Ralph Purvis the bailiff. Like him, it was dark and silent ; like him, stealthy of foot and changeless in purpose, it dogged your heels when you were unaware, and crept stealthily after you through the obscurity of tho night. Winding and tortuous in its ways, like him, you came upon it as you often came upon him, where you least expected to meet it ; and the aspect of it, as the aspect of tho dark-faced bailiff', filled you with au instinctive and un reasonable distrust. Wretched countrywomen, had .stolen down to the dismal bank and drowned themselves quietly in reedy inlets whore the water was deepest ; twenty miles from Grey Farm a son had stabbed his father to the heart, and thrown the body, under tho thick darkness, into the treacherous tide, that rolled back the corpse and left it in the morn ing light lying stark and ghustly upon the river bank. Horrible things wero associated with this dismal water, aud as it wound and twisted close under tho walls of the gaunt stone mansion, it seemed to give a gloomior aspect even to the dark pile of buildings that composed the dwelling-house of the Grey Farm. In the dead of the. night, a light .was visiClo to the bargemen drifting with the tide, down the winding river, a light burning in a small window at tho back of Dudley Carleon's house. That lighted window belonged to the sitting- room of Ralph Purvis the bailiff. On the floor of this room lay a man with his pale face splashed and smeared with the- blood oozing from a cut on his forehead. Another man, with a white face and angry blue eyes, bent over him, with his knee upon his chest, and one hand twisted in the folds of his coarse woollen neckerchief. "You may kill me, and welcome, Muster Carleon," gasped Ralph the bailiff; "but so sure as I live that's the price of my holding my tongue." " Spy, sneak, listener ! get up and wash pour face. To-morrow you and your sister shall start for London. I'll follow you in a week." "And you'll givo us our price, Muster Carleon 1 " asked Ralph Purvis, picking him self up, and deliberately wipiug the blood from his face with a red cotton handkerchief. "To tho uttermost farthing, extortioner," said Dudley Carleon, as I10 opened tho door of the little sitting-room with a cautious hand and stole down the flight of stairs leading to his own side of tho house. (To le continued.) 