CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The CHAIRMAN said:— <*> My dear Brethren and Christian Friends— <*> I am again called upon to throw myself upon your patient indulgence while I seek to oooopyyour attention upon a subject which ■tanas closely allied to that of my former adoW It wffl be that of the work of the ippraai to know whether, as pastors and tthchC?i in the Christian Church, we are ■ wiwb &>W Aft *«*k for which our office 'was instituted, and for the ultimate acoom iTta—Bill of which the Christian Church it :idt«data. When! look at what the Bible «aHs ws—of Gcdtaking counsel with Himself tsottr jisql ok Bsa&—^^of His oosomuni— «atnig His aooghts and purposes to man faamlfca wdfeat dawn of human history—of HinmJnfllTindsii aad arrangements to be p?fcnttihe Sorm of«.permanent record, so that asabookitmighi be distributed among all tabsa sad tongues—of His giving fulfilment in at time toTHis earliest and most wonder -falaceanae by sending His eternal Son into 4te wodd to begin the work of human wawary—and when I see that the scheme of al tta eartVs ages is arranged in har ■Kanoqs subordination to this great end, I than cannot refrain from rejoicing and en qpDxng continually--Are we in sufficient ■mglsMai of sympathy with this great Ilmm idea, and are we doing the work which it given us to do for its continued fiarthcnaoDef 33ns question appears to my mind to be taw pre-eminent one among all others to the Ohnstisn church. For, if it is, as it appears tejbSftiienpreme and controlling purpose oB God through all the dispensations of tims, fiun should it also be the supreme and flosisoQing end which the Chris tian church has ever to keep in view. . I sought in my address at the annual meet iogt to ■tphp"* for consideration the work and method of the inspired Apostles, con dudiag "Hut tiieirmain work continual still to be oms—[that of witness for Chriaf|_; and their ways, considering the sniutht, ought to-be carefully observed and kaptmvimrbyu*." It seemed to mo that in ao panod of post-apostolic times, as inno region into which the gome! might lie carried would Ute srtnatirm and OKumstanoas of msabemore widely different among them aatas, or man nnfavonble to tie admission of the gospel than what was experienced by the holy aposHsa. They went everywhere preaching the word—to every region Hat lay within their reach; eastward among the Persians; northward among the . Syrians and Americans; southward, among wAtabisas; westward, along the southern j^Kyjy 4£ tile af^nfltfiflTTanftivl. planting nimiiiliiM. from which we have derived the Alexandrian and Ooptic y?y?n*ff7p^F j west ward, along the northern shores, preaching aad <J«"<j"jr fftf "various churches of A«fo jpiigjn ?i^#i ffeanoe. And when we of tiia grsat yv* important national 4mntim which rise to view in surveying theat di&arenl; panto of the earth—differen «as of culture, of tradition, of religion, of institutions and customs, then, I say, that Hi 11 111 «ifp Which pmurl mtofjaifnUa to the people of these countries, and was embraced by thorn, as well as the manner in which it was eo???smeated, should be found to be equally suitable to all other parts of the •arth through all subsequent generations. I lay to the one side and the other all con comitant and subsidiary questions that may h*v? sprang up in the progress of the church's iront, and I sr%m that the main work of the aposttes, that of preaching Christ Jew, aad tfa.i <M yplt and general principle of their ■Masaean?ime to be incumbent upon us far our observance and prosecution. ■f '• ■ a Having treated of the historical and apostolic argument, I will now proceed to one or two other considerations which point, I think, with equal clearness to the same conclutden. First—When we look at the spiritual situation and requirements of men, we observe that radically and primarily all are everywhere the same, when looked at in the light of local and social circumstances — as communities they may appear widely different, the one from the'other; but when regarded as to their underlying and primal condition, all are alike. Phoenicia, the inter national trader of her period, was as different as could well be imagined from Alexandria, the emporium of Eastern and inland traffic; yet when the apostles of our liord came to the inhabitants of the one region and the other, in their time they told the same Divine ! message, because in relation to the purport | of it there was no difference. The people | of Athens and those of Rome were as | different as the representative peoples of i two distinct countries could be, the one being i characteristically given to thought, the other to action; the one minding the things of high mental culture, the other studying with persistent energy the ways of war; and yet, in their relation to the great Creator and their cravings after Divine intercourse, they I were the same. The Lord's apostles came to | them with the same common remedy—the I knowledge of God in the face of Jesus Christ. | What greater difference could be conceived | between two communities than that which j was witnessed between the Greeks and Jeirs, to the one of whom the account given of Jesus was as foolishness, and the other a stumbling block? yet the apostles had no other theory and no other doctrine of spiritual life to offer them but the gospel, which was the power of God unto salvation to every one who beUeveth. Place and traditional and historical associations un avoidably mould communities according to their peculiar tendencies, and they will un doubtedly cause one to appear markedly different from another, but at (he same time the fundamental principles aad conditions of their nature remain the same. The primal powers of the human nation, in every case point in the same direction; its great com mon wants are felt in every case to be the same, and the sad human sigh is heard in every variety of circumstances, seeking for the soul's last inheritance, the presence and fellowship of God. « Man's chief end is to glorify God, and to enjoy Him for ever." And if place thus does not give rise to any such diversities as amounts to a change in man's natural and radical wants, so neither I believe does tame. The generations of men are always human. We may know more to day than did the nations of antiquity, but we experience precisely the same kind of feelings, are subject to the same sense of uneasiness, and seek for the Bame aorts of aleviattons and pleasures. The human eye, the human lips, and the flesh remain un altered. We may be pointed to the con ventionalities, and modes of thought, and styles of the present day, but there were modes of thought, and conventionalities, and styles of life characterizing ovary genera tion that has appeared and passed away. There may be, and I believe there is, such a law as that of the " filiation of ideas " —one age working out, and testing and applying the opinions of the preceding. But there is also such a law as that of moral reaction, and of moral and mental epidemics, so that men I are ever brought back, -in the main, to where I . theirfathea vtoce beforetnem. We continue i the tame yesterday, to-day, and to the end ; of our prebKtiaaary estate in respect of i all that eswntiallj: belongs to our nation, i its powers and conditions. Good, para j spiritual life, and holy spiritual exercise myAiwil require for the realization of per fect test as much as we require light and sir and daily hcead, aad-wherever tihw members of our raoe are placed, and at whatever period, they live, the moral and spiritual wants are the same, the cry is " Who wQI show us any good?" Second—As pointing to the same mnclnwon, that the great spiri tual want of man is the revelation of Jesus Christ, I observe that the provision God has made in Christ for man's moral recovery is universally suitable to his spiritual situation and requirements. It is a provision which contemplates man simply as man. It is not such as might be thought to have been con ceived upon an accidental view of man's sal vation, bat rather according to the broad common requirements of his disorganized nature. This is the new life which the | Father gives to believing men through His I Son. | Seat of all c&am.; He knows what the | moral unrest and unsatisfied state of man | requires. He .made us, and now knows what i we need. It is not refining, not educating, not hnmsaumg, not social reconstruction, or attainment of diplomatic integrity; not further improvement of industrial aits or wider development of the earth's natural re sources. These might be realized sad man remain yet as unsatisfied as before. I These are all only of the nature of j circumstances of the human life. God goes j deeper. He seeks to handle the root of our j higher nature. Vamest and tfii^ifipy men i have prescribed in all ages for the moral i improvement of the race, but their advice has ever been but the adoption of some new opinion or the pursuit of some new line of life. God heals the springs of man's being , I and action. "It is not by works of righteous- I ness which we have done, but according to I His mercy He saved us, by the washing of j regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost." It is not by digging about and pruning that the tree will be preserved which is drying more and mare year by year, but by unearthing the tool and taking away the worm that is feeding at the sources of its life. Moreover, God is altogether too earnest to lose either time or effort in seeking to restore our race. I believe we fail continually in rising to a due appreciation, of the earnest ness of God in working for every sinner's return. He never experiments for men's eternal recovery, using one means and then another to witness the effect. He has pre pared a universal remedy which might prove effectual in every case, and in every instance in which He works His influence is calculated to determine the sinner's salvation. And if there be instances, whether of men or nations, which present to our eye apparent difficulties, as bang not only not in sym pathy with the Divine-way, but vehemently opposed to it, God is able even to overcome these, and to render His provision effectual to their complete restoration. In our fitful and imperfect acts of judgment we are prene to think of one case or another that -would require another gospel, forgetting that in thus thinking we think of improving upon the remedy which infinite wisdom has pro vided. The farmer may come to a stiff and obstinate piece of land, and in his impatience say he shall never make anything of it, and so consign it to a state of perpetual sterility, while if it were only rmd^mnfi ft might prove the mort fruitful of aU that he possesses. A little more persevering labor, the same seed dropped into it, with the seasonable blessing of God accompanying the result, in all pro i babOity, would be a richer and more abun- I dant return than he obtains elsewhere. 60 I much in the natural husbandry depends I upon the season, which is the same thing as , saying upon the special beetowment of the Divine favor, and so much likewise in ! the spiritual husbandry upon the gracious diffusion in the hearts of the Divine influence. " The greatest sinner may re turn." " God's ways are not as our ways, nor His thoughts as our thoughte," and wherever He works in &c; hearts of the peni tent His redemption is complete. I observe accordingly—Third—That when Christian missionaries go to heathen lands, they begin o work precisely after the original manner of the apostles. They seek to make the «eeple understand a> soon as possible that God is reconciling the world unto Himself through Jeans Christ. John Eliot, known as "the Apostle of the Indians" of North America, tells as how he labored in making known God's message:—" When preyer was ended, it was an affecting, and jet glorious, spectacle to see a company of perishing and forlorn outcasts diligently attending to the blessed word of salvation then delivered, and professing that they understood all that was then taught them in their own tongue. For about an hour and a quarter the sermon continued, wherein one of our company (meaning himself) ran through all the matters of (religion, beginning first with a repetition of the Tea Commandments, and a brief explanation of them; then showing the curse and dreadful wrath of God against all those who break them, or the least tittle of them; and so applying the whole unto the condition of the Tndi«.n? then present with much affection. He then preached Jesu? Chri?t to them as the only means of recovery from sin and wrath and. eternal death. He explained to them who Christ was, and whither He was gone, and how He will one day come again to judge the world. He spake to them of the blessed state of those who believe in Christ, and know Him feelingly. He spake to them also (observing his own method,, as he saw most fit, to edify them) concerning the creation and the fall of man, the greatness of God, the joys of heaven, and the horrors of hell; and urging them to repentance for several sins wherein they live. On many things of the like nature he discoursed, not meddling with matters more difficult until they had tasted more plain and familiar truths." David Bcainard describes the kind of preach ing which he resorted to String his poor heathen hearers to a knowledge of the mercy of the living God. He Bays, "There was indeed little room for any discourses but those that respected the essentials of religion, while there were so many enquiring daily how they should escape the wrath to. come, and arrive at the enjoyment of eternal blessedness. Aad after I hid led them into a view of their total depravity, and opened to them the glorious remedy provided in Christ for perishing sinners, there was then no vice unreformed, no external duty neglected. The reformation was general, and all springing from the eternal influence of Divine truths upon their hearts—not be cause they had heard their vices particularly exposed and repeatedly spoken against—l do not mean to deny the admirableness of moral duties, which were strictly enforced and obeyed, but only that their eager obedience was not from any rational new of the beauty of morality, but from the internal influence of mercy on the soul" The Moravian mission, which at an early period began its operations in Greenland, affords an invaluable lesson in connection with our subject " The method at first pursued by the missionaries," it is ■'written, "had bean, to begin by speaking to the heathen of the existence and attributes of God, and of obedience to the Divine law, in the hope that, by this means, they would gradually prepare their minds for the recep tion of the more central and characteristic truths of the gospeL They had labored on in this manner for five yean, and had scarcely obtained a patient hearing from the savages, when one day a brother happening to read aloud a few sentences from the gospel of Luke that contained an account of our Saviour's agony in the garden, followed it up with some conversation on the vast expense at which Jeeus had ransomed the souls of his people. Upon this, one of the company, whoso name was IT"™"'*1 '", stepping up to the table, in an earnest manner exclaimed. * How was that ? Tell me that once more, for I too desire to be saved*' The truth had penetrated to the man's soul, and before the end of the month his household was brought under conviction, and three other large fyiK«i had come with their property, and pitched their tents around the dwellings of the Brethren,' in order, as they said, 'to hear joyful news of man's redemption.' And the mission, pursued according to a Divine mould, advanced with the rapidity, though^ sot with the transience of a Greenland spring." A valuable passage occurs in the life of AlpWnnim Ijactoix, an early missionary in Bengal. " When visiting Sangor," he says "v we were faJlrfng with a knot of pil grims who had gathered round us, a rsapectable-lookingman exclaimed, 'What, are you here also? When lam in the north of Calcutta I am aura to meet you, and here you are telling about Jesus Christ. When business takes me to the south of the city, there you are, again telling us about the same Jesus Christ. If I go to a distant village, I am sure to hear the same story; and here, in the midst of the very jungles, I hear the name of Christ resounding in the solitude.'" Of Dr. Morrison, of China, it is recorded Chat he labored indefatigably to instruct his pagan domestics and others to whom he had access in the knowledge of salvation. He yearned after the happiness of seeing them converted and brought to toe Saviour. Dr. Mime, also of China, was of like mind. Not long.after his arrival thither he wrote, saying— *' This is a vast benighted country. We stand on .the borders of it like men on the banks of the vast sea; we see only a little, and dare not venture in but an inch or two. The city of Canton, is like the new Jerusalem only in one thing, that stranger* are not per mitted to enter. I have once peeped in at the .gate, and I hope yet to enter. A few day?agol went to the top of a hill to view the land." I trust it is a land of promise! My thoughts were—Oh, that God would %ive this land to the churches, that we, the messengers, might walk through the length and breadth of it to publish the glory of His salvation!" ■ Such is the spirit and such the purpose of Christian missionaries. Wherever you meet with t?em it is the same; they want to be the means of conveying the highest of all blessings to their perishing fellow-men—the knowledge and friendship of God, and this they do by pairing known Jesus Christ. There are doubtless results of a subsidiary kind whichfollowfrom the missionary's persis tent labors. In planting and rearing Christian churches they uproot and destroy various forms of superstition and idolatry. In raising the heathens from their condition of barbarism, they teach them facades, introduce them to the enjoyment of domestic comfort, lead them to baud houses, lay out gardens, and form villages. They contribute, more over, to the stores of scientific and psycho logical knowledge, as there' is not a depart ment of human enquiry which is not enriched by their contributions. But these are only subsidiary results, -which- are determined by their being borne along in the general tide of a great moral elevation. Their proper work is the work of an apostle. That is man's spiritual renewal and restora tion to fellowship with God. It is the . rectification of all the springs and workings of man's entire being, which is effected by Jesus Christ, and by Him simply and alone. Fourth—As also bearing closely upon this subject, and still further confirming our argument, I might refer to the kind of ♦w*1 "^ that is always resorted to in the conducting of a genuine revival of the church. This is a single announcement of what is conveyed in .the name of Jesus Christ. As plainly as possible the pieaohers then engaged in leading on the movement, tell the people that the love of God is greater than men's guilt, that the blood of Christ is more efficacious for cleans ing rt""? sin is in polluting, and that the help of the Holy Ghost, vouchsafed to them at all times, is mightier far than all the op position they can suffer from the world's great enemy. It is that in the gospel W^^oh essentially meets man's great aad pervading want, that they make knop^ jJa herein it ib that we think «^ &t; leagt . m part> tfcepowftof «uch a movement. For, as I understand it, a revival movement is one in the progress of which men feel in the most sensible manner their manhood's truest ne cessities, and are accordingly ready, as the hart panting after the water brooks, to draw satisfaction from the Saviour, the one media tor between God and man. And then the preaching is not addressed to such as have not before heard of the gospel remedy, as in the case of the mission, ary addressing himself to the heathen. The narrative of the life of Christ, with the doctrines which stand connected with it, and the hopes which are declared to be founded npon it, are all *«ntHqy to them—as familiar as a thrice told tale. At Buch a time it is the simplest form of announcement that is adopted in setting forth the mercy of God. Is it not, then, made apparent to us that the truth of the Divine plan becomes all powerful when presented iB its simplest garb ? It is then mighty to the polling down of strongholds. Branch questions, important soever in themselves, or at other times are overlooked, and nothing but the trunk—the main trunk of the tree of life—is kept before the view. The people will not have aught else, and the leaders will dwell on nothing else. Men are pos sessed of a spirit or sonl, and when its peculiar wants become awakened, nothing will satisfy but the realization of the love of God restored to ns by Jesus Christ. What, then, is the work of the chosen ministry? Not what «re all the tilings which *■*"> Christian m't'"lM> * may find him self called upon legitimately to do. These are innumerable, even apart from the work of church organization and church business, for hian^injnfrry.jff ahnftlingnnoj like Christ's and the apostles', for man's complete well-being. 'Whatever will do men good tit*. Christian minister may legitimately undertake. But what is his work specifically, as occupying the office which he fills in the Christian Church ? Looking at him in relation to his ministrations in the polpit, and in relation to bis work among the people as a pastor, what iB it that he is expected, to dot My answer is, to make known Christ, fie fills that ofpoein the Church which Was instituted with a view to the announcement and teach ing of Jehovah's wilL And that will is that all men everywhere should be saved. The apostles acted in accordance with this, and went everywhere preaching Christ Jesus. The whole moral situation of mankind is craving for this as its most radical necessity. The interposition of God, and His merciful provision for man's recovery, are set forth and proffered in Christ. MimriftimTin*, who are bat theministers of the gospel in heathen lands, endeavor to do tins as the chief end of their calling, to make known Christ. In bmukwib of revival, in old lands of Christen dom, and among Churches that have been in doctrinated in revealed truth for genera tions, a return is always made to the declaration of God'a love in tha mis sion of Christ. So that in modem, as in apostolic times, in heathen lands, and lands long Christianized, the same work is found to be required, and the Christian minister is he who is put in charge of it. Subsidiary questions and questions apparently wide apart from the cross will undoubtedly at times occupy bis attention as occasion may arise, but this remains bis abiding theme. And, as is demonstrated by revivals, the more he is able to view all subjects intended for pulpit discourse from the position of the cross, and to throw tie light of the cross upon them, the more successful wSI be be in his work. Then, too, does he come into closer sympathy with the supreme pur pose of God in regard to mankind, who is making all things work together for good to them that love Him. My highest wish, in dosing these remarks, is that j we, who are engaged in the work of the Christian ministry, may continue to rise in our sympathy with the Divine purpose, and become yet more and more efficient in doing tiie work o£ an apostle, being wise to win souls. The Bey. &. Chbbxhjlx moved * vote of thanks to the Chairman for his interesting address. He said they were living in peculiar times, when the defenders of and converts to Christianity' had to contend with adversaries of every kind. He was sorry to say that lately he met with a professedly religions publication, named the Sainbow, printed in London, which propagated very heterodox views. In this paper it was stated that it had bean scientifically and philosophi cally proved that mankind bad noeoulatalL (Laughter.) When utterances of this nature, proceeding from such a source, were made, Eas Christians should protest. He was that bis brethren bad kept to the Old through all dansets and difficulties. (Cheers.) The Bey. J. C. McMickakl seconded. Carried. 