MORE NEWS FROM THE SUMMERLAND. WE were sitting the other evening with our imported Medium, discussing the course of events up there and down here, when lie was abruptly hustled out of his chair—a tine old piece of Elizabethan upholstery which formerly stood in the bay window of the summer parlour, at New House, Stratford in Avon—and he informed us that the ghost of the late Mr. Shakespeare had taken possession of his scat, and wished to speak a few words to us. We assured our spectralvisitor that we were not at all proud, and would as soon hear what he had to say for himself, as listen to anybody else belonging to the departed crowd. William expressed himself grateful for our condescension, and proceeded to observe—through the Medium—that some impudent impostor had been personating him at a spiritual seance at Collingwood. He was not easily disturbed. He bad witnessed tbe murder of half his dramas in thousands of theatres all over the world ; and had never murmured. He had read fictitious memoirs of his life, with supreme indifference. He had seen the stupendous dust-heaps which had been heaped up by commentators over his works, and had borne the infliction without a shrug. But even spectral equanimity had its limits. There were definite boundaries to ghostly endurance. He wished it to be understood that he was not at the beck ar.d call of every crack-brained cataleptic who might be afflicted with a propensity to gibber and squeak in his sleep, and who might succeed in getting together a number of noodles to listen to his bald disjointed gabble. It was bad enough to have had to humour the whims and fancies of Elizabeth Tudor, while he—Mr. Shakespeare—and she were in the flesh ; hut what sort of a life did we suppose that he was leading now, if he were capable of being " controlled "—as they 6ay in their spiritualistic slang—by any weak-minded tinker or tailor, at any hour of the day or night, in any part of t he habitable world ? To his certain knowledge he was alleged to be simultaneously present at a dozen different " circles" on Sunday last, in as many rpgions of the globe. Everywhere he was represented to be in the last stage of mental imbecility, sans rhyme, sans reason, sans grammar, s«)>s coherency, sans everything. And yet—our spectral visitor went on to sav—the people who are thus befooled and bedevilled, profess to disbelieve in the existence of tlie evil spirits who are mocking them. The incorrigible idiots cannot perceive that where these manifestations are not the products of their own distempered minds, they must of necessity be the work of malignant intelligences altogether superior to man, and delighting in mischief and mystification. Is it not all described, by prevision, in the Tempest? There are Trinculo, Stephano and Caliban. These three typify the human animal, vain, greedy, proud, quarrelsome, lecherous, treacherous, ignorant and servile. Then there is Ariel the invisible and tricksy sprite, who sets them all by the ears. The jester and the drunken butler fall to blows ; and the whelps, littered by Sycorax, the brutal Caliban counsels the two to murder the spiritually minded Prospero, while he is asleep. There thou may'st brain him, Having first seized his books ; or with a log Batter his skull, or paunch him with a stake Or cut his wezand with thy knife, Excuse my doubling back upon myself : but the fact is the world is full of Trinculos, and Stephanos and Calibans, and when I hear some of these muddy-mettled rascals pretending that I attend their ridiculous seances, and talk like Dogberry, or old Gobbo, it passes patience, and silence becomes impossible. Therefore I appeal to you, my friends, to contradict the falsehood. And so " a thousand times good night." And with this courteous farewell, our spectral visitor withdrew. THE Seat of Cleanliness.—The Bath Chair. A DINNER Party—The Cook. A MUSICAL Time.—Tenor clock. A FEELIN' Episode.—The creation of cats. WHESE are a Horse's Stockings ?—Close to his (h)ocks. A TICKLISH Thing.—Courage. 