PRESU YTERIA X CHURCH ASSEMBI. Y. The opening servires in connection with tliq f annual meeting oi tiio geueral assembly of tha Presbyterian Church of Victoria were held last!' evening, in tho Assembly Hall, Collius-streetj The retiring moderator, tho Rev. W. 8. Logon,- of Kale, condnctc-I the pyeliiuinary devotional! i e \e r Tho lev. gentleman preached a ser mon from Aids i.,Sth chapter: " Yo shall receive:'' power after that (ho Holy Ghost is come nponl1 you." A collection was mado on behalf of the;!- ' expenses of tho session at tho conclusion of thef,- scrmnu. - Tho Rev. Irving Hclhoringlon, tho clerk, hav-.-j ' ing staled tho changes that had taken place "" in the constitution of tho assembly, was going-'-'-; to read the roll of members, when the — llev. Dr. ' Maedonald rose to object to , one of the names which had been added to the roll beiug permitted to remain on it. - The .allusion - was to tbo Kev. R. K.-s Ewing, and lie was authorised by tho homo mission lommittco to object to tbat. gentleman's name being reported as in the church. He wished to know if that was tho proper timo to lodge the protost. Tho Rev. Mr.; Nisli said that the proper course to be adopted in tho caso would he to give notice of an intention to diss puto the right of Mr. Ewing to have his name' retained on the roll, and to state tho grounds of. that objection in order that tho Presbytery or Bcechworth, which inducted Mr. Ewing,! should have an opportunity of replying to' the objections. In 1565 this course was adopted, when tho induction of Mr. Robertson to tho West Melbourne congregation was objected to, and : such a course snouhl he followed in tbis case. Tho Rev. Dr. Maedonald snid there was every difference in tho world between these two cases. Mr. Robertson' was being translated from one congregation to another. Mr. Ewing was a brother who had been refused admission while . inside the church as a clergyman by tbe homo mission committee. Ho moved, "Tbat the roll as now reported be adopted, . the . exception of tho name of Mr. R. K. Ewing, which, in the meantime, should not be added until thd Presbytery of Bcechworth bo heard." Tho motion was se conded by the Rev. Dr. Cairns. Thejbomo mis sion committee had been created, be said, by tna , church for the purpose of dealing -with applihaJ tions from persons desirous ot entering the ! church as clergymen. It was composed of tbo best men tbat wero available, and its acts quoad sacra these special duties were only controvertible by tho General Assembly. Mr.- Ewing did ; not appeal against tho decision of tho Assembly. He ignored its decision, and proceeded! to Beecbwortb, and was inducted in an irregular manner by that body. The committee had de cided against Mr. Ewing without assigning any reasons. In doing so it wonld indict pain and injury on the persons whose application was rei fused, and destroy the peace anil harmony of the church. The Rev. Mr. Nish said that to agree to the motion would bo to pass a vote of eonsure on the Presbytery of Beechworth, before having heard them in defcnco. He therefore moved as an amendment tbat the protest against tbe name of tha Rev. R. K. Ewing bo received ; that the home mission committee be instructed to notify to the Presbytery of Beechworth 'the grounds on which their action in inducting Mr. Ewing was to bo challenged ; and that the presby tery be cited to appear in their defence at the forenoon sederunt next day.. Tbe amendment was seconded by Air. Bran'se. Tho Rev. A. Campbell said tbat tho Presbytery of Beech worth bad no right to induct a clergymaA against the decision of the. homo mission committee. He wished to know if Air. Nish main tained that if t he assombly of Bcechworth sent up tho namo of Mr. George Coppin as- having been inducted a minister in that presbytery, jia would be by such a notification constituted .a clergyman of the church. He inquired whether Mr. Nish considered Mr. Ewing as a ministei of the church ? The Rev. D. Frazer intimated that he considered him so. Tbe Rev. J. Ballan- tyno wished to know what would be tbo result if Mr. Ewing's namo was struck out of tho roll. Would his induction be invalid ? Tho Rev. Dr. Cameron replied that until the roll was called in no one could vote for or against it. The origins! motion was theu carried by a majority. The Rev. Messrs. Nish, Robertson, Eraser and Fletcher, re presenting tbo Beechworth congregation, pro tested against the vote. The Rev. K. Walker was nominated by the retiring moderator, took tho chair, and being received by tbe assembly, returned thanks for his appointment, and then read the annual address. Voles of thanks were then proposed and passed to the late moderator. The routine business of the assembly was then proceeded with, and the several committees were elected, when tho assembly adjourned until ten a.m. to-day. 