'! . ,-iv.OBAITEa HI.- I DnEAMBlAKO 11EAMTÏ.-TilB QEAHOll UNDERTAKEN. THE) DEro8iao«T FOUSD. -THE < GHASTLY "WIT NEB£-THE MiDinoHT-BBiit,.-Tua AVii.r. Día OOTXRBD-AKD A IrOOT POK FODND. Ii- "When ¡Edgar quitted tue oompany BO- seorotly, bi« I fooling* liad boon worked up to an extraordinary stato I -of tension, and full of tbo dotormiuntlon to- barry out 1 ¡his previous resolve, he ..hastened on' leaving tho brilliantly lighted room, to' his own solitary and re- mote chamber at the extremity of tho inhabited wing, where as soon as ho had . entered, he oarefully closed the door and throwing himself into a chair, resienod himself for a few moments to reflection, *' Can I," ho ot length exclaimed, springing to hit feet,41 have uaconsoiously become possessea of seoond sight, and mentally scon what I imagine! Or have 1 only dreamt that I saw my curtains move,. and thai gaunt old man, so accurately described, stand at the foot of my bod, and beckon mo to follow him Î No mat ter, whothor a vision or a dream, a ghost or tho foroe'oi imagination, a few minutes longer will decide;" and tak- ing up a dark lantern, he trimmed and lighted its wick. " Yet it is strange that on the nights of his death and funeral, and again last night, I should have'tno same dream-tho same in nil respects hut that of tho broken sword In-the breast, whloh I was unable to comprehend in the first vision. No ; no foroo of imagination will aooount for that ;" and taking up tho lantern, the young man passed under the carved oak mantelpiece, and stood in tho wido recess, and beneath the huge vent that, dark as thq shaft of a mine, towered above him. lTooooding dirootly to ono -of tho angles of thc chimney, he inserted a key, when a small door, most artfully contrived, slid back, and permitted lum tc Învss. Hastily pushing tho panel into its place the look astcnod with a spring, and ho felt himself n prisonei for tho most rigid examination oould detoot neithei look nor tho faintost ovidonoo of an opening for thc key. A oold ohill Invaded the young man's heart as he felt how completely his retreat was out off. At thc same timo tho oloso air of the passage in which ho stood bogan to exorcise an opprosBivo infiuonoe both on his mind mid breathing, while tito thought that he might Sorish in somo of tho long disused passages foll with oprossing weight upon his resolution, nnd made him for a moment almost rogrot his rash undertaking. It was but for n briof »paco, howovor, that this indo olsion lasted. Summoning up his oourago, and remem- bering the motives for whioh 'ho had undertaken tho soaron, ho ' recovered Iiis solf-possosaion, and turning from the secret dont-nrncnerinil nn lila vov. Thannaanc-c was «o narrow and low, and tho air so heavy ana op prossive, that lils lamp hardly afforded him sufficienl light to defino tho wells that ho bruahod on either hand, After traversing what appeared to him un interminable gallery, whioh sceniod to swoop round thu ontiro man- sion, no at length outorod a low vault or orypt, where, irom some aporturoa in tho walls, tho air became st fresh and keon that hin lump shot out for tho first time a broad and powerful light, mid ho felt the oold of tht i winter night with un intensity still greater from tht close passages through which ho had been lately dos i conding. ' j ' For-a momont, uncortnin of his whereabouts, ht looked oagorly round, ua if to find BOHÍO objoot by whicl to guido bia courso, " This place. Booms now to me,' he said, in n half-audible-whisper. " Can I have taker tho wrong turning? No !" ho added suddenly, " Her« ia an empty cistern or sarcophagus, which I romomboi to havo seen ouch night in my drenma ; and close bj must bo tho ascending stairs." Aftor minutely exam ining tho wallu, ho was at longth rewarded by undine a bar of iron, that ou being üriMly pi-cBScd caused ¡ massive atone to revolve out of tho face of ono of thc thick pillars from whioli tho aroheo of tho orypt sprang and within which waa a winding stair. Thia objeot that in hia drown sun m oil so easy of access, Edgai ound extreme dUEottlty in ontorlng, tho opening boinij so narrow, nud rvenr tho ground. With some trouble, however, ho_ at losgth clfootod an entrance, when thc pondoroua piece of masonary closed undor him with ti clash. After a long and difuoult ascent ho discovered, aa he Sausod from tho fatigue of climbing BO high, a sliding oor immediately in front of him, through whioh ho nt onco passed, and cntorcd a short, lofty passage, at thc oxtromity of which his oyo dotcoted a conspicuous spring, whioh, after somo exertion, ho waa enabled ai last to master, when tho whole spaoo to tho coiling, Uko a hugo door, revolved with a grating sound on ita hinges. Edgar had barely timo to pass through, when tho ponderous load swung back with a sound that filled tho apace around with ringing echoes. Tho noiso wa? BO dissonant, and woko BO many strango discords, that, bravo os the young man waa, tho clamour sent ?ho Wo d bournling tn Jp;, hor.-; j nor wa« this trepida tioii lossonod when li o wiis enabled to form a vaguo idea of tho space around him ; and looking to tho spot through which ho had passed, beheld tho portraits of a oowlcd monk and a corpse-liko abboss glaring on him ns if with reproachful eyes for tho unhallowed intru- sion. Tho looso canvas, sot in motion by the 'slamming door, heightening the delusion by giving a living sem- blance to tho mouldering paintings. Drawing his hand across Iiis brow, to reraovo thc! clammy drops that had gatliorod on Iiis forehead, Edgar, muttorod in a faint whispor, " This surely is tho Gnllory ; it was such a vast and indistinct place i but whore aro the-." And, afraid of tho coho of his own voice, he slowly moved MB lnmp around him, and porcoivod, ns fur AB his oyo could penotrato the gloom, that tho entire sido of tho gallery in which ho flk'ood wau lined .with portraits, except whore a lofty ohimnoy of black Ularbie rose up liko a tomb. _ Crossing tho Hool', thick wita dust, and treading on tiptoo, as if he dreaded the slightest sound, Edgar stealthily roached tho opposíto «ido of tho gallery, when, throwing his light on tho nearest object, no started at first with actual terror, but as ilia eye became moro familiar to tho objects of his alarm, and his mind slowly recognized tho npponrancos of his dream, lie gradually and cautiously drew nooror, and surveyed steadily what had at first cxolted his dread. A row o' deep-set windows, like thoio in «io inhabited wing of tho Hall, only moro numerous, ran down the shields at thoir feet, tho plumed basinot or arvontile ow their hoads, and tho« long Ianoo reclining in tho hollow of eaoli fleshless arm". So grim and motionless stood this row of knightly waniora, thoir nrniour tar- nished and dimmed by time, that tho youthful imagina- tion of tho amazed spectator might for tho momont voil ho appalled by what ho lookod upon, and dreaded to scan too closely ; forms so lifo-like, that it required but little s ti otoh of tho funcy at such an hour, and in such a place, to pioturo fierco eyes flashing on him through the bar» of their dosed hçnrors. " Aro thosn tho shadowy forms, I saw revealed in my dreams, lfk<j ft l¡ua 0l« ghoala ? if so there should be an object near, to indioate the ono ;" Mid with the same whispering uttoranco and creeping motion ho; slowly procoadod down tho long gallery, pausing ns if by in- stinct bofore tho last of that Uno of mail-clad beavers. This is certainly the olijoot to which my phnntom of tito night pointed ; yes, boro is tho prostrate lance, I now i'ocogniso oaoh particular ; nnd thore at tho end of thogiillory is tho gildod panol, through which the apparition vanished," ho oxclaimod aloud, and in an exultant voioo, as with his lnmp heldv abovo MB hoad, ho half olroled tho armed figuro. . At that momont a long, mournful note, Uko a dying groan, issuod from tho heimat of tho figuro on whiol ho was gluting, and souudocl so nenr that his imagina tlon, wrought to tho highest witch of oxoltpraont pictured the effigy in motion, the plume in tho helmo' fluttering ns if tho form were erndon 'ou witu lifo; .Tïîc.1 already lind his nerves boon soven triou '. "ut hl Joist shook, coining to his momontrir» exultation, pros tmted all his moral firmness, and dri 'PPi"? hlB 1|UU1 ho fled in actual terror to tho panol ht ' had just rocpf nized, when cither from noeidont, or fro m touoluu tho siirlnct. tho door swunbr back. ., Tho rush of air that assailed him from \ ,-oiïTiavo tal did moro to* rôstoro him than his roastn. would bo offeotcd, anet knowing how utterly uaolora. \ toiled by to rotura without a light, and asharaod ta by i0ooss bo idlo foars when perhaps on tho throahold of BV NN¿' R0. shook off with ni dtjoporato effort his alariir, , lamp, tumod, but not without a boating heart, fór'&L; asure, Scarcely had ho repossessed himself of thia tr*. " more when tho samo hollow, ^ófulribtó; but'loiulor awi. Mila proloiigod, agni ii sounded' from' tho visor,' while* \ on t imo thora could bo no delUalori iu* tlib fndï, tho'fi*, ?tL'.tuo shook from head tn fnrttl Ev'gur wai. naturally bravo aft^'foarloiv bxi'í balam tb!« h'traiigo ovldouoo of bis oyo» f&tl; onrp. he folt uhr1 bloo'd l> oohl, and stafinato at hij'henrfc, as'he'gazed' anbas t cu what bo doomed a siiootrc. Wilie.' be.stood tims m.'ito and appalled tho liolmot totiebrod ai if about to fall, rtuu' with a rushing noiso un owl iseuqd.from botweon tho forgot and vizor, and darting., to .the" nearest wincJoW, disappeared through a broken rano nnil n rmit in i'llO shutter. Enrngod nt being tundo tho dunc of so woirfchoVm nnd familiar nn olijoot. mid resolved to yiold no Ishgdr to fears nnd Buporutitions, nnd determined to knorr what was moant by the ilguro.of his droam, pointing to' this sixtoenth effigy, Edgar started forwnrd, and taking up tho iauoo, that liad fallon from tho »rm, brought down tito stool hoad witii snob a crash on tho casquo, that tho' whole fabric _ fell to piceos on tho floor with jarring;.discord, while' nt tho same momont tho turret dook struok, for tho-first timo for fifty yonrs,.tho solemn stroko of ONE ; tho deop ravcrbornnce of tho hoavy note pealing through tho gallory Uko rnutterod thunder. Tito wholo had passod so rapidly, tho clang of the falling armour with tho boom of tho boll, thnt Edgar had hardly timo to noto tho thiok olond bf dust thnt roso, when his oyo was rivotod on a tall skeldon that gloamod through tho mist, and for a momont pro sorvod its forbidding attitude. Tho next instant it fell with a rumbling sound,. aororod into a hundred pieces, strewing the ¡loni- with ita ghastly rollos. Tho gase of horror with whioh ho survoyed that mouldering: imap was ohangod to sudden joy, as ho bo hold a folded parchment protruding from tho human ruins nt his font. To floizo and glnnoo at its contents was the work of a momont. and ncooniplislioil before the faint sound of tho boll had diod on tho oar. "With a triumphant shout tho half-maddened but dolighted Edgar rushed through tho opening, and waving his lamp in ono hand, and til» will in thc other, toro down un I known pussnges and soorot labyrinths, till acoidont, j moro than intention, led him iu his hoadlung spoil I w~ t againit a secrot door ia lila fathor's apartment, whick \ yielding; to his impetus, rather flung than admitted" > him into the midst of the assembled guests, aa recorded in tho last ohapter. " Tho will I tho will, father ! I havefound the will I" he exolaimed in a about of breathless exultation os rushing to Mr. .Witberington, he placed the parchment in his nanda, and overcome by exhaustion and mental excitemout, sank in a chair and leant bia head upon tho table, unconscious that olthor his sister or the lovely Cicely wcro hanging over him with affectionate interest. "Itia indeed the long lost will, mode in favtur of my father and myself-ace, Mr. Herbert, gentlemen friends, Mr. Villain-look-read for yourselves . it hi the legal instrument that convey» Withoriugton Hall nnd domain to me and mino." ? - "Thank God!" exclaimed Mra. Witherington devoutly, asa group of gentlemen immediately gathered round the now owner, and poruaod thc aoveral clauses of tho testament. . .. ,.j . . i " There oan bo no question of tho absoluto legality of this instrument," observed Mr. Herbert. " And with the dolivery of tho keys, gives entire and unquestioned poBsossion of tho estate." V * " Oh that Fred wore boro," oxclaimod Edgar, riains and going to hia mothor. " If wo only had him with us our happiness would be complete." I" He ni hore, my dear brother," orled the individual I known as Mr. Villars, who, emerging: from tho shadow I of tho room to whioh ho had retired to throw off his 1 , disguise, stopped forth in the character of a tall, hand- I soino, military-looking man in tho prime of health and . 1 lifo, and os opposite in voice, gesture, and appearance I ' fronr tho nervous senility of tho assumed Slr. Villars ' I Í as it was possible for youth and health to contrast with ' | ' age and debility. Mother, father, darling Agnes, I Emily, Edgar, my arma, but not my heart, oro too ? t I amall to take you all in at once :" and rushing forward £ ' Ito oaught his mother and wife in his anns, while his 1 B father laid his hand on his son's shoulder, and in a I silent prayer of thankfulness to ' God, acknowledged f with his tears ' his gratitude for tho moroios granted } him. Emily, however, more impationt in her loro, \ threw bor arma round hor brother, and .fairly ditpos Bcassd both mother and .wife, ia hor eagerness to ex- press her love and weloomo* > "Oh, Fred, how could you koop mo an hour in ua- . necessary suspenso ?" murmured his wife, aa with palid lips nnd tearful oyos sho looked into her husband's face " How could your soo you wife and child, and not I acknowledge thom ?" 1 " How was it that you wore . able \a deceive oven your mother's and wife's penetration, and romain BO 1 many hours, not only unknown, but unsuspected?" ' askod Edgar, ooining forward, and sharing with Ids father tho hands of tho long-lost brother. "You «ll know," ropliod Fred,, "that as a youtlil ' was rather famed for my powor of mimicry, and that I bovo Borne talent that way, my assumption of tho char- , ( aoterof Mr.Villara, without being detooted in voice or ii J geature, I think will juatify." I ' " But why torture me, or pain your dear mother by \ ? a moment's noodloss suspensa ?" interposed his wile, | with toarful roproaoh. , , . i - " Do not judge mo so unkindly. Agnes, or think that I would willingly causo those I love a moment's giirfr' "Why I did not write homo on my first rescuing Gor ; many, was, becouso I.waited replies concerning yon, ' my AgneB, hoping that if you hat! roturnod to England to join you first, and bring you horo with mo." i "But after that, you might have written, 'Fred, knowing how wrotohed wo. woro on your account," re : markcdEmily, as she fondly kissed her brother. "It was the night of tho day on which I recolved a ' lotter, telling me Agnes was still in India that I en- countered Mr. Witherington. Much of his dying con f cssion, his rage and remorse, and abject fear, when he heard my mino, I havo purposely suppressed, bocauio from what ho teld mc, and what I subsequently heard wore tho intentions ol' yonder ponton, who calls himself his son, I had reason to suspect some plot against yonr peace and comfort." "And you therefore disguised yourself, got Mr. Spencer to aid your plan, and carno hero under an assumed name to bo ready to defend and protect us," oriod Emily. " Quite ri<ht, my protty sister, ho replied, smiling, i ""What tho plot was, 1 need not now say, especially as ' the feature of it I most feared on your nocount has nat I boen neted." . , . , ? Edgar, who from his friend Tracy had roceivod a I hasty account of tho strangers, nnd what had transpired 'lulus absence, now returned to tho ohlof group, and l said : "From what I have heard, and what wo possoss, it appears to mo, father, that this gentleman s business here has torminntod, if ho ovor lind lawiul business in "Ouito right, Edgar," mjoinod Fred; then turning to hil, faiuor. »aid rospootivoly. "Allow mo, sir, to í^nMmln tW« matter; Tho confession of your fathor," tho hoy», and tho « rpe^UnÄ you and your« have for tatt ft i*"r¿'u ttat your tho property of my father, will »^°, -Jnot bo inW mission hore is ended-but BB WO woolo . ihristraas pitablo in suoh inoloment weather, and at v. i^jjj timo, you aro welcome to-tarry till the morning-> givo orders for-" , . "Order nothing for mo, sir," replied tho other, haughtily. " Do not suppose I shall allow you to triumpli so easily. I shall leave you, but tho law shall . yet decido-this matter." . u i 1» I "As a porson tolerably oonvoranut with law, 1 observed Mr. Herbert, "I should say you have nota. I tittlo of groun." f jr a legal claim ; indeed, should Mr. I Withoringtonouc for tho arreara of fifty ycars.no ordin 1 arv fortune oould moot it, and you would nin ene risk of spending tho rest or your lifo in a prison. '* From suoh an appréhension lot mo at oneo relieve I you, ¿ir," replied Mr. Withorington. ' Blessed in. tho ¡restoration of my son, and .though I»«**»«« tablishment of my rights, 1 can afford to bcgencrou,, 1 and this season of Divino love and Christian fellow j Bhip shall obliterate all unkindness and »B»ra0,»5V"" «* Jackson, Crouohor, follow mo,- cried tho str^gcr to his companions. "As for you sir, I nocher»*now ledgo your generosity, nor wiU I be beholden to your 1 hospitality.?' And so saying, tho speaker stalked^frorn tho npartment, followed by hU two myrmidons, and in a fow moments quitted tho house. . " Now then, my dear father," S»taIraiA,5B?' "let us-ho-vo the wassail bowl and dc-for «Mg«*» explanations till to-morrow; to-nightlot-mirth aw happiness «ow on unchecked, for M ana then I will try. whóthor.tüo desert» « "'"r^. or the anows or Siberia, havo left;nv. »«^"°,ntnfeS) ticity to lead my dear Agnos.through the ma«» of tho " Who do you mean Freds" *"<l<i,rei"^"yt'J£d her sister had* darted out of «^T^rtà^A» in a fow minutes carrying her boy «^?m »° ¡ placed Swith a mother's pride in her hT*f n*"J^. ; Withh?» laughing and prattling »on in his embrace^ . . and his wife For a partner, ho led oil tho d»°c0-; in reality may bo said to have and happinosî of tl» Ohrittaiu #l.J^Ktt . Tracy Everton, Olcclly, and Edgar foUowed, wbuo a tho .youth-ul members of tho party TJ number of dancers; the parents «* «^ÄS ! being contrrogatod at tho upper end of ,tuo room , 0ni°Ätu\dBbr,todiou. to enumerate ho« the \ res" oT° that memorable Christmas ^ ^ tho scraps -of, Fred's rijf^^JSSlt I the additions ho now gavo to "" »h» raVoh\tloa Maurice Withe logion's death, »"JJ^Ä^^ of Edgar's dreams, and hili explorations^in tue orme J ! and picture gallery, confirmed and Floodouttno^ \ uessod open houso nt tho T?ÍB?*Mhx¿?t¿0 heavy Urnes. . When the groat turrot °}Tk ^'^"a*\nb noto of ono. tho ball of tho ovoning^oommono^ wu ononed by Emily no longer WltlieiinRton u ? I . -vorton, followed' by Edgar anti «»f;"""rtl) gi», . f rfc bo Major and Ma beautiful ABn»d00°X rfd fir. Sf to tne now Married jpuplo- rfT, w£(° friend», I rllfrf. 'rington and hi» gontlo wlfo, wth.theuvrw j r*fet on tho hanpinos.of-tho yo^S'^ToHholr . ,V?S ily. th«y felt in their hoartshow mw'.11., tffiLn .'. % wai owing to Edgar'» di-oovory of tw 