W\^t$\i$ 0tm% LADIES' LETTER. fFrom bar owe O6rreet»ondent,1 '* Paris, September 5. The prospsct of all political parties gaining the day in 1880 is only eclipsed in interest and happiness by the solemn opening of the sport ing season, where again brethren,' can be seen dwelling together in unity. . At the several railway termini there reign much animation and picturesqueness, and if the fair sex be in a minority, the canine race does not want repre sentatives; indeed it would seem that dogs of every species, of high and of low degree, whether puppy, whelp, or mongrel, are good for the sporting service. -The animals, like their masters, understand their epoch, and both are eager ror the fray:; some of the animals,, how ever, have a downcast look, feeling that they are at the mercy of inexperienced shots, for whom all is fish that comes into their net, man's faithful friend included. Daring the run by rail, the most noisy and familiar conversation takes place between the dogs and their masters. They understand each other so well, that one is tempted to believe they belong to the same family, and that no missing link after all sepa rates them. What a concert of voices for ears polite or otherwise ; barkings, whistlings, up braidings, imprecations, and appeal*. 'Castor' is as disobedient as 'Pollux,1? and 'Diane' as unruly as 'Acteon.' The dinners which take place on the occasion of the opening of the shooting season have a peculiar character, there being no ceremony, and a great deal of gaiety. The ladies do not appear in grand toilette ;- their rSle is effaced by that of the heroes of the day— the 'bagmen' — so any display in the way' of tJress would be . a sheer loss. Man for the moment has returned to hla primitive nature, ? when he lived by hunting, his eyas and his ears -are only for his kindred Niuirods, and their triamphs, whether real or romantic, equally please. There are spotswomen who here also make known their claims, and have their claims allowed ; they are made up in character, so as to follow to the field some warlike lord without inconvenience ; their costume is in cloth ; gaiters, high boots, and short j up ana; they have men's collars and steel belts, the collars and caffs being of dif ferent colors ; ferryman's hat ; a tiny game bag is slung across the back with fowling piece on shoulder ; no wonder they are more dangerous for the disciples of St. Hubert than: for part ridges, quails, rabbits, and timid hares, such strong minded sisters ate rarely unmarried, and if so, are not long left to pine on the stem. The peculiaftty about going to the seaside is this— You leave the city, expecting to enjoy a little blest retirement, and find you are but in the centre of your circle of fiiends and acquaintances. There, his been real;y more serious bathing done this season than flirtation, so that ladies have a truly healthful look, and with such a good flaw of spirits in addition, 4uite a change has set in on the' part of gentle men in search of wives. Tfcey are opposed to. candidates who are pale and bony, as indica tive of special rearing, to speedily Ml sick, with a tendency to early death ; hetca, ladies are renouncing Banting, and are graduating to become robust, without being, full, to patronise the dietary of their mothers and grandmothers, lather than ambrosia in the foraa of sweetmeats, and nectar in the shape of cordial?, for lips though rosy must be fad. It seems ' but as yesterday the fashionable -world left Paris in one. of its swallow flights, and it is now on the wing back, following the early chills of autumn, and the capital puts forth all her seductions to entice the wandering sheep into the fold ; the theatres offer their broadest farces, their wittiest comedies, and their most tender melcdramas ; the restaurants their snuggest cabinets, their rpost appetising itlels ; the shops are full of marvels in silks, velvets, cashmeres, and merinoes, of every shade of blue, brown, arid green, and at ridiculously low prices, for plethoric purses ; the new bon nets are not the less ilackB because they recall our grandmothers, who wished, sensible women, to have something on their head, palpable to feeling as to sight ; the booksellers remind us to lay in our stock of literature now for the winter, as we would our supply of firewood and' screened, coal, and the persons who cran- upon an annual gratuity for -serving, neg lecting, or tormenting you, feel as interested in your longevity — till New. Tear's Day at least — as the Insurance Company with which you have effected a heavy policy, with or' with- out participation in profits. After all, there is no place like Paris ; to feel this truism, pitch your tent elsewhere for a time, if only to expe rieace the delightful sensation of being carried back to Old Virginia. The suppression of ths betting offices is xe ally a boon to Parisian society, as the extensive nature of their organization, and their propa gandism, were eating upwards through all classes. The hard-working population— waiters, barbers, tradesmen, apprentices, school boys, clerks, and shop assistants, have since some seasons worshipped the golden calf, being at once the victims as well as the adorers of — to the French — the new idolatry ; and people of easy position were commencing to mix with the crowd, being drawn, by the current to try their luck — for once, certain to return to take their revenge ; but saddest of all was the spectacle of woman being proprietors of such offices and of foolish sisters treading- in the same fatal path as men. The Government has done right to decree the excision of this cancer, the people directly affected will be most benefited ; '' ii will mend their morals, never mind the pain.' There is another class of dens that ought to be taken in hand, namely, the hotels of sea side towns. Here the visitor is unmercifully plucked, and his not even, as in rouge et noir, the ghost even of a chance on his side. Each summer the observation is too well founded that hotel prices have increased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished. A number of fleeced tourists are publicly soliciting the re ceipted bills furnished by the proprietors of the sinning hotels, intending to publish them in the form of a handy book. But travellers, unless officials and the followers of Mr. Mould, never do preserve their hotel bills; they are not agreeable souvenirs, those which recall the quart dlveure de Rabelais. One cannot but throw in. imagination ah old slipper after the idea for good luck. It resembles the Septennate that so many wish to support without the slightest belief in its durability. Parents have been brought to consider the qsestson of punishment in public schools by the notorious case of pupil- fl igellation in a neighboring nation. The rod is not need in French Collegiate Institutions as a rule. It has been found to demoralise the scholar— to fail in its object ; for alL chastisement which does. not go to, the heart,, which does not con duct to Falutary repentance, is injurious and defeats its end. There are two school holidays weekly in this couatry — Sunday, and Thursday in part ; and this rule is in uniform vigor from Calais to Bayonne. By preventing tne pupil's enjoymentrof these holidays, by compelling him ' to write interminable lessons from dictation, or to commit to memory so many lines of Latin, &c;, poetry, constitute the general made of punishment. Under this routine of narrow : discipline, without counterweight, the mildest oharacter becomes soured and sulky, and the germB of indiscipline and hypocrisy take root, for it is a maxim painful to record among the youth of the Universities of Francs, ?* The worst of enemies is our master.' The author rities hesitate to touch this Bystem of discipline —prefer to consider a boy only as a machine to learn a 1-ttla Latin and less Greek ; henoe it is not surprising that so many patents, mothers above all, ever quick to deteot an alteration in the temperament of their boys, prefer to send their sons to be educated outride France, till at least they have, 'accomplished their tender years. . ...,.».-,., What a loss to the catalogue of noble and devoted women is Mme. Bazaine. , We believed, oh her own statement, that she rowed her husband across the dark and stormy water the evening of his escape, dressed in white, all in white, as delivering angels are supposed to be so clad. Well, it seems the lady's part was played by a daring yonnar man -Kine Doineau — half sailor, half militatre. Mme. Baziine'fl fantastical account . is now unanimously re jeofced. She holds-undoubtedly -every thing-to be fair in war. Then she mar t-e pardoned, as she 'loved rnnohi, 'The most romantic history of the evasion will be the account ^flfoe trial of the disloyal guardians of the -prison, and the influences, brought to beat1 on them to open the doorS. It is difficult to blind French authorities with concocted stories, and more so, to «xpeot the nation to believe them. Another ex-Oommander, but of a different kind, is Garibaldi, for whom a Robinson Qrusoe life msy have charms, - but is certainly not produc tive of practical philosophy. In his book, just published, on the marchings of his celebrated 'Thousand Volunteers' in the liberation of Italy, Garibaldi employs the preface to venti late his political views. One can guess, in advance, what these are respecting the clergy, against whom he was not always so rabid. He harmonised with them at Palermo, and duly attended Mass as Chief of the State. Perhaps next in his contempt is the Government of Italy. In this the Komans, while escaping the rule of the priests, have but 'fallen under the equally bad administration of the King. It is out of the frying-pan into the fire. Leaving home politics, recommending young Romans to profoundly study them as the one thing needful, Garibaldi proceeds to deal .with the evils of society at la 'ge; to cure all the ills that political flesh is heir to, and to make the world a paradise. Nothing it seem i is rtqiired from us but to eat exactly- one-half leas than we do, thus the starving half of bur race will be fed as good as .ourselves. This panacea of short commons will have' the merit of: being new, the charaterislic alone cf all similar elixirs, not that the sincerity, of the old General is to be questioned, his abstemiousness being on a par with his poverty! It seems so odd that he who oould have been all but king, and- declined more than vice- regal recompenses, should have no'other money at his bankers than the 12,000 francB expected to be realised by the subscriptions to his book. There is. where he shiaes, as patriots generally keep an eye to the main chance, commencing by feathering their nekts. September is the month fee anniversaries and pilgrimages in France, and wjre the almanac regularly followed, not an hour could be spared to attend the f eto of St. Cloud, which is a correctly conducted Donnybroak Fair, and that every true Parisian worth his salt is expected to vuit and perform his share of tomfoolery, for a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men. Then the' di'trajc'.ions of St. Cloud have the advantage of neither offending nor favoring any style of politician. They recall the good old times, whan the ' whole duty of man' in France was to eat, drink, and be merry ; when the monarch had no fear for his head being whipped off, nor his subjects being compelled to undergo the same unpleasantness. Revolutionary terrors, monarchical reactions, imperial quietism had better be interred for ever; indeed, a national, not an international league of peace, is very much required, where apostles could practise, not preaih.' toleration — it is the preach ing which kills — and so remove one of the cbief evils of French sscial lif 3. Some good natured people not going the length of be lieving in the Millennium did expect that the .endemic of pilgrimaees, which burst forth like a political campaign last summer, would have effected an important change for the better; in this respeot we have but to mourn the hopes that, leave us ; the pious mania has not com pletely died put, the pilgrimages are being modestly resumed - in numbers, as well as in app sarance ; they are fewer, but the de votees have less the air of excursionists and holiday makers ; their appearance is business-like, severe, and ascetic ; and there is a disposition! to practice mortification, as second class carriages are only now patronised, an alteration that does not at all please such heretical gentlemen as railway directors, who test the progress of practical religion by the weekly receipts of the lines. . French ladies, who have ever a great deal of spare time on their hands, despite their ability to peruse all the novels as they appear, are more and more forming Societies to provide -clothing for the poor ; they either make up the share of materials allotted to them, or present articles fashioned and completed according to their own ideas ; but the fundamental rule is to work themselves, and so set a good example Another excellent idea is the volunteer service of many ladies of high rank to teach girls every kind of fancy work, drier excellent persons afford gratuitous instruction in modern lan guage. Madame de Macliahon is the moving spirit in these measures for the amelioration of her fellow countrywomen. 'Among other new lady plans, is the opening of a central depot, where ladies can consign their cast-off ward robes to be sold for their account, and so escape the ordinary old clo' dealer. These ''?rejected dresses,' if their state permit, will be repaired and cleaned, dyed it necessary, before being put up for sale. 