SCROOFER AND OTHERS. By N. Walter Swak. IN FIVE PARTS. Paet III.—Captain TrAvkui The most gnarled and ancient looking of trees, spotted with dim mosses, forked with Bprawling branches, showing deformed elbows and twisted arms — every trunk twisted into some acrobatic feat of vegetable unnaturainess, as if caught and lignified H indelibly fixed in their distortions; pro tuberances like starting eyes from scowling faces harrowed on the dripping bark, impre cating limbs, held' np in despairing silence, and throwing faint shadows—formedthe vege tation which bordered a new road that ran beneath them. This new road, startled into existence by the traffic of heavy nail-armed soles, by the traffic of limp and sodden soles worn by limp and sodden men, by the rambling drays canying wondering women, by the traffic of oxen slowly sloughing from tree to groaning over pinches that rose qp sudden vindictiveness to betray dray wheels - into quagmires of mad, there to be floundered - or wrecked with their household belongings— this new road, surprised into torn ruts; travelled by drivers bearing maledictions . with them; upon it the swollen carcases of spent bullocks, broken wheels, mid cast-off baggage—this new road of unsounded quagmire, twisting past pillars of smoke by day, and stars of camp fires by night, that shone on hopeful, or eager, or bad, or scowling, faces as the sun upon the just and the un just—this road, lying, sullen with its cold eyes of pools, its chnrned-np mud, and its gaps through the forest exposing the forest's blackness—led. to Londonderry Creek. Away down and across the ranges that rise - behind the course of the traffic, as it might be the fountain of the stream "that Is on it* one traveller sees another with apparently «® moveless a pace on the distant circuit of the plains that he speculates through the long hours as to whom the human atomism: might be while moving up to him with the growth., of the day on the track that is so relentlessly straight and far. And when they do meet in the gloaming; and agree to damp below eome great tree in' that weary i&ntiL; the -uofS eon- > veystothe other intelligence of the London derry Rash, and both travel fri"the lame-' direction on the morrow, Away down m the Black Forest travellers telleach other the news. Abroad on thestill Toefe, by beautia* - of parkland and deep waterooQises, the «ame story is heard.'. 'Awgln Mafearte the aena has arrived, and- diggers rhM* fitted out and' left their dissipations, and are accompanied by speculators and storekeepers, Ttaas the new,road was tracked oat, in a week- to be scored with effort and plotted withcarcasea and tfeftro asa preludetotheacateand com passes of the surveyors. * Upon this new road the new canvas - grqgahon, covering their new poles and uprights, hellied, ana bloated, and drawn, ana wrinkled by gnrtn the new counters shivering,, and the old glasses and bottles chattering. Fires were behind blaring on damp hearths, andlkking the damp pod chimney with varnished grime, . or flaring obdurately to puff, smoke at tire damp .nanq -and shoot aperies pet ta < hiss ana die on it Mori wretched of all s, whetheftwisted or stmight, alv and .toiaerawe. Protesting L.c with all roe foroaof its namancas and ■ tori»i upani eaithUlreafl^tdamgulls, . .. .. TheeOeno^tbRt ih^eman^ bceedfriakaB over the kikmf silent note of fsces. niiptE^ sjid ben? jadgrd, sh|% oat atui bou% kng nwrtma apis afaQt spesdaang ■yon tbe jjionwa of &e; nsh. ^mu3f yawfdag <har tadependtaw «l those pro qxeS>,«)i at tbe suae time ne^ each ■ttmnat n might prtrrc of taias ob tbe Ob &etnpnev;, as tbe cxy of fixe mtg> Uuwth ■ torn, a cry that ma amnoa potent a**—*™* faeairued handieae of dig pen tomb a kmg nSqr that defaoBchfd an' fin tbe htad4o(yri idSocb epoa which tbe ton of caana was bsOt ani Ob the mono*-, my down the red-started for ariles «et red-started and blae M MmtriBftinM with jHm -*rv—. tm *£e whole sweep of from gage to plain looked Eke a _ >tuHqer heard, with rrery bole pegged. Me iaan sawn^t aB the motley WfaceenU tnea of race these congregated, eabocins tbe wide dmlaiBT between had and Greek, between stem sad Xomgan, «a mrr* gj tbe&smaa; fair-haired an npoa the foe, who appeared to an his pack with the etocaeysad eaee which atrengtfa ghee. No msa 1ms of a <figw, leas iikeiy for the work. wloaKdyki arxxve at tbe daodifo of aepaOdBtna iroMeni he waa eeraping , ftn the fair-haired misers nagfa- ' The latter trmrakrady sared the | FHiKMiilIn^ tii« ».>iir»jiiTg K/J<-rng . at each trandoa interrels at hit tressn- i lomifw woeld permit d. while at ] each jpaaae he rame from stoopeag with a j ft—r frnrhfil at die indignity pot npoc him. With tint a dainty, not to say a gmriemazify, auue of tMrrfrtg- Esare^r abcrre his pegs, and. h« Kiing these intphz^ to a yet more secure depth, they being br no means ■cease at their nethermost; imehedodes , last retaining to toaddy—genxiesiaaly nsds- : UaaDSof the fast from the head to admit and coal dorses of sir: sdd to it all a atoot presence, wish s baggy face, with dsll eyes and regular teeth, and yoa will recog xiiee. I bare no doubt, Captain Tares*, laxe of for Majesty's Foot, whose gEmtieminly we hare hard of before. Next to 1dm the made-to-atder profited the ■midj pbymqae, the azxTOOtoered eyes, sad the wett-dereioped mate of Mr. ; Alfred Kfaifrr. Both older by years | —one older aince rradrng the Smwfc the other older snce occupying the l of an injaxed Tictzm at Gay's rush, down and mokes lazdy, and , Captain Tarens also Bits down and smokes, j hatiasheated and irritated fashion Hem inltatwl whoi he looks at the «t hfotereon his soft hands, at the quavering foea 1 aiming between fate siaegwing pees, at a rent hi his Uouacm where higgwitte aasaly knee is aaserting itadf through the shoddy, and f—«""y he is zed-botand male dietary as be kxiks at the line of men shore lam and below him Bat Captain Tarns, feeding drowsy, sits down beside a tree stomp, aad drifisjsto considering whether the nqaares on the sides of a right-angled triangle nine base, or whether icqasl to toe square on the base, or whether any two sides of a triangle are together equal; "Good day, mate." Captain Tareis rises nam his position -with some tremble, and Looks at the speaker. He sees the comely face aad figare of his mextdaimneighboaE, and with much of the jmfif rises of which he is capable, as wrerit modified as may be fay the rooghrdfe which miners affect, returns "Good day;" not atcaee as aaipiMed into it; bnt after look ing at the tzoosere and rinxt and figare— afta pansmg at the face, sod returning to the boots—then " Good day." " It seems to me we're on the line here T ** YreT—it seems to Captain Tea vers they're •n the line. "Mates over at the tonndiipT'owitmaes toe fiist aiwlH, jerking bis head back in thaidxrecUon. " Yea, the mates are at the town," speaks I Hie captain, with a very doabtfol intonation cn "mates."as to say that mates such as be had were the mates of necessity other than of Ctebm Tones. "Camped there?" "No, not camped there!" iatooatioa on "camped" Am time, after a mmSt*r to the intonation on mates, and com eying thereby a iay unsettled intention, aad quite SS f*ff"**"1— Of ^*ynw ami "Doyoagohaekaoon?0 fokngat theaooredaqaare, whidixairiit leslMtf ihomhoid, and toe pegs, winch fod toeappeaxanceof beasgaa aaaettied as to he; "I nmselaoAMghtotette base bottomed another daffer." . ia a dxawliag. cazrieaa bdiioo, aritoapecaSar air aad style in toe fashion y lipp^fnrmofy ff ffl'J1! njfflia Jt emae ahwnt awet nalarally that Ibadct _ _ leach other'aintendaetion of mmmm AHorfieoigeni an trfUiaadaad tonnmgiilj aatiafied aiaitner, Jetting it be ■adftioni by ticoee as to inqaixy, and by an: oppressire pfi*Hitnnii1i 11 nnSj that ton ^vae <*may —rnHrrs of a - deli eato and neceantoos nature, which most ■anoaocoanttediBdosed—connected,aatosy fogbtbe^mto old names aad ""wit l ii nmd\a IforoS* palm on toe rriuch ■"ft be taken to eavthat. bilar distinctions from him tor the ayM^bacis|jftgtteofa rftteltof sfoitelpMfr emidiaeiacdas a pendant to » tornof enaaBr aad MrfMwjjng faide*' They wbtoedataapot called the Eagfe bawk f8eid,wbare 4iandreds of men were sftoi 'sp the fod above them,and down the toil tolnwtoam all iroidng with anch Jaleitoem^ao eaH> in toe mocning came iyt<intwfw oopqade oneda^ from thebottom t j ^ itoce,: thatitmightbe tfctidaid the bee rather than the face itself. Eek sr. the red, iniiia»®d, fat, B^iVfnt: face ud she gaiiertEg cu^k, ^pottering in a. maudlin fashfga orer is texre ud icada. A qaick hitch roand the wind lass let *>d in a oaatt Nmfer tm besde fafanmte. "Look bee—look here f the fat curtain gmgled oct, while the candle pattered gfare ud shade, Vr» icvs&dxi;, "Con* here; we're fosod it." It 1"* «»» uncertain, tod, to some eiieoi, a rerd pfaoe, dik rr,-.r,+ «bet the two isea see. Upwards, an obdnraie twisted whs ft. writhing to. teoten igfrab to rhe Ugbt, giving the of hating i&SBed; ts much as die blistered that pat it down ; • beknr, a dsre. like the, esaaoe of a a^sl- , daa Tatta ssoopia in, with bis perpie j face and watery eyes, the candle jerking iia fight and *"—****& team overhiia. Tana j breathless and sustspam; Ninfer foliowm£ Gsstkntiadeold. with & calm face, ike the ghost of the ai«ii ln> " We're on it at bat; wean; sir, by the Lard,"was lis —imhiiii the leader gave a« be | stooped in to the "chamber;" and oak spaa a pie of soft da?, "On it, sir, d'yehearT He opened his woollen shirt to oool his dabby seek and breast; he polled off bis hat, siSeiedsidi dirt, to wipe the perspiration from hs face with bis bare trembling arm, and he looked as red aid gloating and excited as though the "Sesame" of the forty thieves was in the face of the drive ready to fiy open at the magic word " There." He twa off a ggrinHmg of iaoee earth, as mttogaeiet j certain obecozing the glories of the view, and j IsM bore a pocket of gold where the yellow metal seemed almost as thick as the day in which it was embedded. "There," he delved | at some more knee earth, his hands and arms j sda trexnbifag, to show more gold. In his expitement be fagot knife or pick, scratching at the day with his fin-; gets, sad from it taVing " pieces of I gold, or breaking lumps of earth to show the harvest that lay dock within them. "Thar, sir, is the gutter,*" his fingw shitting at the a hhImIii \ and lull giiniinpi - "that, sir, is its coarse," bis hags aguishly fiBUwii^ at the face of the drive, "and it is : not too uracil too add, I think, that we have oiade famines at last. Show me a richer; daim on the lead. It's not to be shown. Better fortune than this snot tobeeosght j far, ehf Replied Xmfer, taking the key-note of voice from las companion, "Not to be sought far; and not to be foend if it was. There osght to be an independence here, or something on the high way to it, if we work hard and ksep oar own coonad." "Well, no, not an independence." thought Trsvess stood, bearing the maimer of sprak- j in to hiwrif as wdl as to bis our "Something fair; I giant job, bet not an mdepemlemjc," shaking Ids head at what an ; independence ooght to be, and otherwise : intimating by look and voice his practical experience of an independence that was of I quite an spper-crast doaas, and far above as fhnitod amhitanw of bis friend. "No. sir," rritarany eyeing the washdirt. and taea tally mailing fas poshaon in the past. "It may give a not as yon say, bat the indepen dence mould be a ragged one far me: it wikld, wnonmyaoeL By Jove, rir,"sagl prfsmwl, and becoming onsniatneiahr the in toxicating rihasfant of tibe £ad, "/ know what an independence J, George Tavern, late of Her XijeSf't Foot, nowa wanderer and idiamug, and ad——d broken-down uminw, too. I know what j it means." The captafa fay bock to enjoy the Bar-prise occasioned hr the anaaaace ment; and, like a prince £mgmg aS ia zn cngnha, mriined Earihagfj ^ob taewaS of earth Mm Tbe happy mood of the speaker tadk the nflrnrr wtocfc mad. as x tdfcn of the the ' I daiS kin this _ a the dans is awdmi mfc TSerg's Eidd, rir; one of **■» ^ 1 sat pastebomd or as puff TS have sttrataiiws that aeiiba the es lecterns of the fafaek devasof India, tgci other dnidi rrrmlVrtiwis, wfasmr dm amy be, en wipe oat." He thaw- *p fan two aase bands at Ids words, thomfa bete* ah and pbcefahs_ FS&giSL; There wsssSIl no answer fnm the part of d* drive where Ninfer stood. Tbenncrrtsin rwfflf. flared now and dm opoa Mstron faoe-aps, giving them rim snwmsv of twisting toward* Mm. No fight was oast opon Ins fac^ wfakh looked in me dull dark, neas amend him like a pale spot against rim oozing bonk of graveL These was fight from bis eyes the tight of s steady, unwavering contemplation coming from above the fags anid tlnl Hi* ^T**rTj OA Slid im iTml ii 1 mwL "Look st thsh rir;" opening bis red sad Ustsed palm behind rim ribs of apfirn. " That hand uses s sword better than a pick, S8 80me Of dm fnAinn mntinMra lmn» to their cost; d them; but that's ow nmr." He shuck both of bis hands wpon timcaxrii where be sat, and poshed hfmiielf ont ct rim impres8kmhe had made—"Thafsover, that's over," as be prepared to resnme work. H Captain Travels had seen the face of his mate he wocld have semi a Mdl fMe bathed In sweat; that dripped upon lUUs bands. Ingtead of the face he knew, it was a face' fading with fierceneea, a xaoa with dHafad aostxuA below which th« teeth were ebbwn as! sharp and firpi as the teeth'of b savage. He woold have seen a psntiag look '' in unison with the panting figv^cb rii fa t^Bj^ow:twjated^rio^^g ^id i ar^mriihis ISt drawn down,*<he the character of "mafa,* pnttfag dduactw that " Itfaoka wtil, captafa i kon'veTw&■■ prospect—we've gotk tftNM gutter never grow faaa fa^i griribriL,< ^ "Nbt C^Wri TmvetsT^ Sfe & & ■ Oeotge willi . FaWal-a."- Athnd< ,' " tin) tosgt Jo mame the work at baaUng there \- Ccbk let m diak — *k3e wa*« tftrti,'"— Hmd— r "ftfamfcwtete**®®4®4 — Had, dnd— , •• Sad to flat *S3 toe bniA i^r— Had, toad, thad— "Smw Had— « A-M te* fit' Cnbrn Tnnn registered a vow. That tow a that Dothfflf at an tntojooaag name dtafldpasshaSps tffi toe (a Ik teniKd iO gwtted. " J*°>. ,"?• remarked to Xi3er ana toe subject con testing himnelf bam toe adwto^RU p^^nqttoetondpeawiignggte. an tide in toe a£aas «i CapSMnTi*^8 whkhfaea determined to take at toe flood, Tie lengto of time daring wfakhTmvesraar, ban been a broken-down vagabond a to gmeefal, bytoefeord. Treves know****™ tie to farm, and toe wandenng wt "• mutant diiiftu means to pay « 10 Hsvvre to toe iaafc score, eee before job in a bine tout an£>*5^; swwke was tempted br matarreneto seutoe cmaami comnrismcm; be will now rcUua baa to the station from whence be titled fan; be win, by Jots, or toll da for to Ham toe captain wito toe gentlemanly T-T*;»h» SrrtHimA ImawH bf Sternly COD demnmgtemedfoftoeiromt^mcramng iTimfmtmr of Outuo Tmvem or ~c past, wizDe insang la jasyedthat itfaMi tmeht eo round in whom eekso*; joys in foand, and befafflit p^difllogm. ■immhnt a convivial ffinsHt •So«s,dont dows," «» ft> irfasi bat 10 feet of toe lad lay between ha pMc and the boundary of toe adjoining claim • Does aassc toe dad bhs,* be reroQed, and thought while shaping the roof oEha drive with toe sepclchxe carre the safest of all arches Ik was afssuwl— " Tfc—1> a toe gold immediately baa* toe allium of rassy day. coated and zested by the metal it hides. One tench of the pick, a depth of fear inches, and there bee toe metal in scales, in every shape,.Gold everywhere, team pick to slate. Gold that will gire me poataon and restore me to toe life Imelefe ! Cool and dry underground. ^ Better below ' a«i» as vindlaas, like the white-iaoed I beggar above— "'fenaiiytte&dBe;:' ; nnCrc in the sun, and waiting for toe i washdnt— | " * Ut fcac I*. *rs^ tinffii ■«iiiiig for the washtit. wgg.. i below this time, peering from toe darkness, I beggcr at windJaas stared over at toe ak-dmhs eaBTnhl captain, and wito i » beany bowlder in his hand, with a gnpon toe boutir tost bad as fierce an expression in it as bis face had. t1 m-irw?lMg »« mming nencf tpmtfeahdty "Hmmstaciaiaa-bn, down." H faia feet npan gavel, or made any III— at aB stepping through mnd, or Mi^jf <■ saw*, n was fast m toe toad at tbepidt< H* was kdriif at the shaking yt of tfe «—!<»?'■ as he plied bis work hsK stooped rw^toe^^aiy atom? be^oa» t«fc— brwm above toe genSroady bead of toe ma wbo had resolved to restore Captain Hams* to poaHkm, when ha qock qe :of Ok roof of the aejml 5\. task's _kaiww flowing down toe tife and dmbeed wp as suenfljas be ^ "Idtiafit" raairfairflf tj iftn* Mm l?if fntkof tie know what the tfcooghtwas that inffnTiiT'eiii*rr11 J "1—" "** I do mat think be ooold dearly have analysed t laamdE. Whether it was the fear of rtefainmdf, whether toe bebef that be i acted toe actual commimkm of m whether a sodden impate of ; or a cnnrminglTnr of aO. be ecadd auaiudj have known, as he aa* breath fere hemde toe windlass on hit retam. Twieeortorice toe thooght seemed to come to trim to call op toe man who pereistently laagered over the refrain— *,Dm,dm,tok* and strode regularly with his pkk. Bat be reae beam hit stooping pastern above each tone, as the impulse died off, with his fare ifiHrf mtn toe dmrfw wott in toe drive below. He sat mutimilres f<w nearly an , boti trying to look at the stretdung ahedows, wmttoiog toe plains beyond ion flsahmg in the red son, with a gond qaiet omthen; listening to toe hum of lahonr. ajaa toe Tatrhettmg cradles pommgontmad tid slnto. upon toegrma Tfaere were toe ■pgBira of bkbUibted "tf utorieg ahoct likeBoldlfTlieetleBan>Bnd and lid auea toe daar beans, and there-— A till low Boandlike toe cobbing of the earth bdpw came np ataqggiingiy thmogh toe aatfs " , and hang aboot him like an atmo > aong had ended, the regalaratookaa of the pidc bad stopped, every aonndaad > every fetong es to oompaninndhm had pesaed, crdshed ont seemingly with toe > aob that bad riren to h"11- There was a aoBary dark qniet growing in the > bole that ddDed bun, ^Geo^Gemge; <x»«M«r The voice on down, and in along the 1 Ichredrive; it seemed to sweep the piare s, and came hato Ekaaasfforetodedm. i bis bead beat over from the evening above him, be looked down into toe ^SSamSrS&uiSS; fttifffllM %9t (to iwaaEtipNi^lidSivk tin agsinst mm tost tid a <euto «f 'Hi. mate." ■ IWalL' m. Ter ante, «h! Wall, ye*d better wfumdovra." stood, with bis large paJe eyes watching for help in in tense expectancy. He had pushed the clay from his shoulders and arms, and lay faintly moaning, with his scratched and Weeding lands stretched out. The eyes spoke for help, the face spoke of fear. Kinfer cooeyed up, and the lag American came at his side. "The tremble's on, X suppose. What is iff" following the discretion of Kinfer s eyea. •'Je-rusaletn, the man's squelched, by gum ! Crimean." They shovelled the day from him, and tried to stand him op. They tried to him sit on the loose earth, bat he torn bled helplessly over, and asked to be i»t«i to hm tent Slowly oat of the sepulchre drive, slowly op the tortured shaft ftfr the last time, and 8k>wiy biered home oa hark. " Look ye h jar, mate." the Yankee observed, crAriity in ha gold in the dish, and shaking it. "The mans goosed; that ar mullock has cracked his back; nothing can save him. The boss *11 be in bis last,shaft afore many dam, "rtairi: hptyeHsoonhcarwbattbedoc. «■!«—there's one at oar camp. Til send him down. Ter mate's boon' tor the kingdom come.* The doctor aw with them in an h<mr. He was a dark, equare-faoed man, with keen eyes. The examination was a short one. "WellT asked Captain Travers, who had had some brandy, with all the old vitality in. his voice and face. "Well," spoke the doctor in a stem sad way, "your back is broken." Silence. From the patient tremulously — " Which means I am crippled for life." From the doctor steadily—" Which means yonr life is not worth an hoar's pur chase." SilwW, The evening breeze flapping the tent, the evening stars coming oat one by one, the distant eoands of life, hopeful ana buoyant; the ixxegalax reports of pistols; the barking of dogs; snatches of voices; snatches of langhfcer. Within glen or. The doctor sfleni, having delivered his opinion; Kinfer silent on his stretcher; the stricken man sflenuy staring at the silent staxB filtering twinkles throagh breaks in the canvas above him, then smitten with a thought and taming to his mate a blanched look holding despair in it, as for a reversal of the doctors sentence. Again the patient hnskilj—" Yousay there is no hope." Agsin the doctor steadily—" There is no hope, my poor fellow; whatever you have to do in tins world should be dime now." Travem'a hand came trembling from the hlsntrets—trembling as when he fingered his Tags at Gray's Both years ago. The hand fluttered at the brandy bottle. From the doctor—"Give him what he wants." A flash came to his face, and his eyes brightened with the stimulant. "Tot, I knew s coolie to five with his back broken. He's afive now, maybe. 1 saw him after the mutiny. Do people live who have had their backs broken, doctor!" Rom the doctor—" Never; and ycmr in juria extend farther than the spine. Good night." Again sOence. The rehearing footsteps of the doctor; the increasing brightness ofthestaa, the night calm upon the world, fires to be seen man the doorway spotting the hills and the plains with fiame that waved and glowed; that growing of sOenoe within and without that suggests waiting; Ninfer's net bent thoughtfully on the dying man; the dving man's eyes never at rest, across the tent tram side to side, and moonting die tent feom floor to ridgepole. "AW my dure will be nearly SOOox. when the washing up is finished. There is, or was, a lawyer called Scroofer living at Gray's Rush. I want to leave it to his wife; draw op some kind of paper; tin I sign it over; the X'Loughfans, next tent beyond, will witness it" He fay hack, crossing and mounting the tent with his eyes, or looking out throagh the doer at the fires glaring through the night Silence! all bat the working of a pen, and voica outside growing fainter and Tavern's breath came faster. The i night wore an into sable silence, and Kinfer sat motiiMii—* warring far he knew not what. It was when dm captain's eyes took a fear into them at die coming change that his mate spoke, for die first time that night; to read over the document that fay 'Tavern." Tavern turned Ids head slowly. " I Lave made rite will out in ray own favosa; Xa Scroofer, whose fife yon you killed, is dead long sen. I am her brother;ThomasBaxkleigh,ofKenL I I met her then, and known her piflacpoe, I would have been a better man. I know of your cruelties to her. I don't pre tend to be tatter than you. I am not Tm had in a different way, but as bad—or worse. Yob have bees a mreinsl; I have been a ii initial" Ksfa doddered aa be spoke. ** Est the entanglement that baa brougntus lugellia wffl not be tmaveOed now. Yon can take my story with yen ; it's aafe in your laUint. When you torn me who you were weens ago I knew you for the first rime, sad the fell of d<y saved me fravn another crime. There's my reason for making the will in my own favour. HthaFa any satisfaction to you you're welcome to it." The optsin'seyes stood out large and round as he listened to the alow, distinct words;' that seemed to have as little of hope in them •she had of life. He hfancbed and faded as though a magic wand had bare waved Above him. The band trembled out for more brandy, bnt the fare never attend fafceooed nesg, the eyes never turned fram the white features betide the bed. ' Inthsrifopce the dying mm liar; far the fence the remoraritiss man est sum watched the fcTiiiu, moo the bloated face;' i that is never ^ tTrevere. 1< ■V -'Ji 