' Mr Paekes' address to his constituents on Tues day evening last resembled a representation of the play of Hamlet with the GhoBt omitted. The .real oause for the delivery of the address to the ? . electors of East Sydney, and through -thorn and the medium of the press to the whole colony, was the late Prerogative of Pardon muddlo, and the -? vexed question of tho release af Gardiner and other notorious criminals from our gaols. Of such .. being the foot wo h&vo; aot the slightest doubt v. Tbo Government hate felt themselves tipon a political quiokeand ever since the questions ?' referred to have agitated the public mind in this . colony. The whole thing as regarded the oxercise of tho Prerogative of Pardon in the instances mentioned was so egregious a blunder and breach ????.. of duty on the part of the Government ai to cause them great uneasiness when the full responsibility of the matter presented itself to the public. Every possible means have been ' resorted to ever Bince by tho Ministry and their frionds to justify the action of the Government ' In the instances alluded to. Being aware, how \- ever, that the oase in band was a bad one, it has ' been considered wise policy to endeavour to let it ^ die out of remembrance as soon as possible. It is therefore never alluded to now by any members \- of the Government or their supporters, if it can we|l be avoided. As the culpable action of tho ^ Government in the matter, and the political ' ^.danger which it involved, as regarded the seats i' and salaries of Ministers, were fully realized. . Great efforts were made in tho first instance to Btem tho torrent of publio disapproval as much as ' possible. Mr Paqkes taxed his ingenuity and eloquenoe to the utmost in tho House ; to endeavour to make wrong appear right in the matter, or at any rate to mystify Y the whole thing as- much as. possible in '?' the eyes of the indignant publio. Other honorable -tnembers, conspicuously among whom were .- Messrs Driver and Cooper, spoke long and ' laboriously on the subject in behalf of the .^Government, and. tba course which hod been jmrsued connected with the release of Gardiner end hit kin ooafederates in crime and confine i» Went. -Hut it being tound that this would not suffice to satisfy the public, the Premier's Bpeech ? .. was published in pamphlet form, and circulated gratuitously all over the country, the remarks in the meanwhile between the appearance of the .'ms newspaper reports of that speech and the publioa tion of tho pamphlet being revised and enlarged, to; bo calculated to have' the best possible effect in the way intended. A further step was taken in the same direction, and for tho same purpose. In addition to Mr Parkks' speech, those delivered on tbo same subjeot by Messrs. DaiVBR, Cooper, and ono or two other members, were also published in pamphlet form oollectively. These pamphlets were also circulated and dis tributed in large cumbers, and without price or payment. Such pamphlets were nothing more nor less than appeals to the publio to deal r ' mercifully with the Government, The petitions previously presented to the Governor, in favor oi ?;'; the convict Qardiner, prayed that the latter might be released from his prison ; the pamphlets 'alluded to' prayed the public to allow tho Ministers to retain their positions and pay, notwithstanding i that they had forfeited their political rights to ! tho aama by the notion which called forth (ha publication of those pamphlets. But of:er all that we liavt mentioned bb having token place, r.nj the unusual and extraordinary steps thai. [ wero tr.ken to ' pu: ;t.e Government ri(,hi in the eyes of the people,' as to itio oourse that wac pursued with soEject to tho cxeroiiie of the PrerogstiTo of Pardon and tlin release of prisoners of tbu v-orst classoft in thif! colony, the ouly rnferenso Mr Parkf.9 mado to tho mutter in his address wa* a ludicrous remiiir wrung fronl hitu by a cull from the audi ence, 'What about Gardinor?' n'ir Pakkrh was too good ft judgo snd too oaroful tuuiician, however, to enter upon tbo eubjost. Of all matters, he was desirous aud d^iermined to keep clear of that. As the pamphlets had been published T?ith a vi#w to prevent awkward ciiusiquancas fallowing tba Gardineu ques tion, the meeting on Tuesdny evening ; was held for the same purpose. Mr Pakkes' object in calling that meeting was to glorify several other aots of his Government, and while doing so to pasB over tho Prerogative matter as if it woro unworthy of any special notice. We do not make these remarks with any feelings of hostility lowords Mr Pahkes or his Government ; on the contrary, wo have no desire to see tbem ousted from offioe, for tho simple reason that we see no other members of the presenl Assembly in whom we should have greater coDfiiencih We oonsider it to be our bounden duty, however^ to point out inconsistencies in the actions ana course of conduct j of our public men, as wo now do in tbo prosont ( instanoe. The public should not be hoodwinked or led away by political taoiicB or sophisticated eloquence under any circumstances. Mr PaekeS did not refer .in his address to the liberation ot Gardiner and other couvicted bushrangers, because he knew too well that he could not justify bis action in that matter. Ho gave his boater, a long review of muoh that be said and did twenty years ago, but ho kept his lips silent and sealed on that dangerous subject, which was but of yesterday, and whioh caused more discussion in the. Assembly and more dissatisfaction throughout the oolony than anything ehe that has taken place for years past. On many matters, Mr. Parkes might well speak with justifiable pride, so far as his action and that of his Government were ooBcerned during the late as. well as in the conrse of previous sessions of Parliament. With comparatively few exceptions, the political acts of Mr Parkes throughout his longtby publio Career in this oolony command our entire approval. As to his ability as a politician, ho has few equals out of England. Instead of waning in strength after such a lengthened period of labor in the public ranks, the wear and tear of political life only' oauseB his gigantio talent and herculean . powers to become all the more apparent as time passes. The more bis menial efforts have been called into action, the more has his abilities been displayed to an extent tbat has frequently proved astonishing and astounding alike to his friends and opponents* And instead of age telling upon his mental powers injuriously, it appears lo have the opposite effect. His abilities in debate and deplomacy are undoubtedly much greater now than some years baok- His power of wit and sarcasm is also as ready on tbo spur of a moment aa it is withering in its effect. This waa not always the case ai regarded his talent in that respect. Tuking him all in all, ho deserves well of this colouy as a politician and front rank public man, and if be were removed from our midst, we fear it would be long ere we should look upon bis like again. As a leader in tbo Goiernment of New South Walos he is more than able to hold bis own with credit and eucoess against all comers from whatever quarter in the interests of tbo colony be represents. In a sentence, while liko all : human beings he i'b justly deserving of no small share of censure he, at the same time, is entitled to a very large amount of oredit as a publio man. 