(f simp! JnttHigfijm;. The fearful scourge, diphtheria, observes the Ballarat Courier , is still carrying off its victims in all directions. The last instance that has come under our notice is from Devil's, Creek in the shire of Bungaree. A young girl, 18 years of age, daughter of Mr. Pierce, took ill some seven or eight days ago with what appeared first to be only sore throat. Soon, hoAvever, he fatal malady showed itself, and the girl died on Friday morning. What renders the ease a more than ordinarily painful one is the fact that the young Avoman was about being mar- maried, and this is probably the first announce ment her intended husband Avill haAre of her death. The Kyneton Guardian reports the death of a son of Mrl D. Maughan, manager of the Bank of NeAV South Wales, at Malm- bury, from this disease. The Thames Advertiser (a NeAV Zealand jour nal) says : — " A singular formation of quartz has been discovered in the Bright Smile mine, Thames, New Zealand. It is what is called new quartz, or a neAV formation of quartz, and such it undoubtedly appears to be : but the growth of quartz reefs is, no doubt, a neAV phase of geo- logy to many of our readers. Captain Gold smith, hoAvever, states that in some of the older mines in Sweden he has observed a nfew forma tion of reefs in worked-out ground— that is, observed that the reef renewed itself, and this, too, in several instances. This was in mines which had been Avorked for hundreds of years. Mr. Hicks, manager of the City of London, observed a smilar phenomenon in the tin mines of Cornwall, where a lode formed itself as hard and solid as the first one in a drive which had been open for only, ten years. In the latter instance the lode, which at first had been poor in -tin, became rich in ore, so that some important chemical changes must have occurred to pro duce the effect described. However, the new quartz in the Bright Smile seems to fully cor roborate the theory of Captain Goldsmith, if that can be called a theory Avhich is made a matter of fact by actual observation. The sin gular feature is noticeable at the west and of the slids, where quartz in all its gradations and formations can be seen, from the Avhite milky silicia, which can he pressed into a putty pulp between the fingers, to the well-formed blue quartz. Perhaps a more thorough inAestigation of the formation of quartz reefs, or rather of their groAvth, might help geologists and miner alogists in accounting for the existence of gold and other minerals in those lodes, and might, perhaps, assist in leading to a solution of the vexed question of how gold is deposited at all." The Gulgong Argus states that on Monday a fine young man named John Quantrill, in robust health and in the highest spirits, was skylarking at Hill's Hotel with some friends. He tapped one on the shoulder and ran laughing round the side of the house, and through the bar towards the yard, whence he had started ; but his foot slipped near the back door, and he fell heavily . against the side- post and on to the ground. His mate lifted him up, and they walked ..together into the billiard-room and thence" into a bed room. He spoke but" little. He said first, "I am hurt ;" next, " I feel very bad ;" and his last words Avere, "it's all up." Not half an hour elapsed from the time of the fall till Quantrill was a corpse. He Avas about twenty-six years of age. His parents, to whom .a telegram has been forwarded, reside at MusAvellbrook, where also he has a Avife and child. A shocking case of sudden denth (says the Ballarat Courier ) occurred on Saturday morning in Errard-street South. Mr. James Deas, of Newington, went to the house of Mr. R. Thomas to see to certain repairs — he being the landlord of "the premises. "While stooping in the garden his nose commenced bleeding, and he went into the kitchen and set doAvn on a' box. The bleed ing continued, and, although Mrs. Thomas tried to check it, the blood welled in torrents from his mouth and nose, and he expired in a few minutes before any other assistance could be ren dered. . The Smythesdale correspondent of the Balla rat Star, writing on Sunday night, says: — "I learn that a horrible case has occurred at Golden Lake. It appears that two brothers, named Samuel and Benjamin Holt, unmarried men, and who resided together, had both been drinking on Saturday night, and commenced to quarjrel in their own place about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning. They quarrelled, on till 5 o'clock, when Samuel called one of the neighbours, who observed that he had received frightful cuts on the hands and arms. Samuel Holt and his neigh bour then started to go to Dr. Foster's to get the wounds dressed ; but, after going a part of the Avay, Holt turned hack, intimating that he would take reA- entre on his brother. On Samuel Holt returning it appears that he got hold of a table- knife, and inflicted several wounds on the side of his brother's head, the brother at the time be ing in bed asleep. A pick and an axe found about the house were covered Avith blood, and the table-knife had been tAvisted in inflicting the . wounds. Assistance arrived, and Dr. Forster was sent for, who found Benjamin Holt seA'erely injured. The doctor dressed the wounds of both men and sent for the police, who took charge- of the place. It is s&id; that so much blood flowed on the floor that some of the neighbours had to use a shovel to scrape it up. The sad affair, as may he imagined, has produced a terrible sensa- sation in the locality. My informant, Avho had just arrived from the place, states that when he left this evening, at about half-past 6 o'clock, the Avounded men Avere lying in bed in a very dangerous state, one of them particularly so." The French periodical Missions Catholiques, of the last of July, gives the authentic and de-' tailed narrative of the recent massacre of Roman Catholic native converts in China, The account, as translated from the London Tablet , relates that the massacre broke out on the 25th February, when the " literates," as the prosecut ing party is called, opened the campaign by beheading tAvo men in the service of Here Doare and a Christian, whom they then threAV into the river. The same day they burned the three villages of the Trun Lam, Flo Finn, and Bau Tach, and massacred the inhabitants that Avere in them. Those who succeeded in escap ing to the woods Avere hunted doAvn with hounds, brought back, and killed on the folIoAving day. The river Avas covered over with bodies floating down it from „ the side of Lareg. At that time the murderers Avere massacreing the Christians of the parish of Holven, and were burning their village. Thbse who took refuge in the cliffs of the neighbourhood were, hunted down and burned alive. Journalists must have a rosy time of it in Honolulu. They evidently live long, and pos sibly die happy. Mr. H. M. "Whitney, whose name appears, according to the American fashion immediately under the leader-heading of the Hawaiian Gazette as that of the publisher and editor of that paper, informs its readers that," on the 24th of June last, he was " completely oa'er- aa'helmed and struck dumb with astonishment." Something had occurred the like of Avhich had never happened before during nearly a quarter of a century in Avhich he had been connected with the press, and which, in fact, could take place, he says, " but once in a lifetime." It touched him so to the. quick that he felt hound to unburden his feeling6 to a sympathising pubr lie. Midsummer eve, it appears, is the anniver sary of an epoch in his domestic life, and he almost breaks into poetry as he dilates upon it. " On the evening of .that day," he a\rites," "the 25th of an eAent that has scattered numberless joys along the path of our journey through life — as we returned home from the Aveekly lecture, we were filled with amazement at finding our residence brilliantly lit up, and literally swarm ing like a bee-hive. Only as we entered the door did Ave, for the first time, realise that we had been made the victim of a stupendous sur prise. Not only did bright eyes, happy faces, and cheerful voices meet us at every turn, but beautiful presents Avere displayed, and a table Avas spread, as with a magician's wand, with all that the most dainty could ask for." Not only did the employes of the Gazette office contribute their silver offerings, but nine young ladies of Mrs. W.'s Sunday school class clubbed their pocket money to purchase a pitcher for the joy- scatterer of the Whitney household. But there is one drop of bitterness in what Dr. J ohnson Avould call the exuberating chalic of the journal ist's felicity. Nothing eould be more gratifying than this demonstration of affection to Henry M.; Whitney as a man ; hut alas ! it reflects upon his vigilance and omniscience as an editor. He is amazed and mortified by the reflection that no whisper of \\...e impending event " reached our ears, eAer ready to glean every passing item ofneAvs." He penitently confesses that for once he was " caught napping." To paraphrase a line from the " Critic," The husband soften'd, but the editor Was fix'd. The following is related by the Bendigo Ad vertiser, on the authority of a reliable person, but that journal gives a carte blanche to its read ers to belieA'D it or not: — "A gentleman well- known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we Avill call Lamb, at whose establish ment many an article has been " popped "s by need persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge, to an equally well-knoAvn speculator, Avhom Ave will call Smith. It hap pened that within a Aveek after the piano had been disposed of, Lainb departed suddenly, and was duly 'BunecI. Smith' had the piano remoyed to- his parlour. One night re cently he had' retired to bed, and was wrapped -in peaceful slumber, Avhen, at about 2 o'clock in the morning, he Ayas suddenly awakened by loud and continued playing on his piano, which he had previously locked securely. He rushed down stairs for the purpose of reprimanding the supposed individual, when to his great terror and. amazement- he— observed,- as- he»-says,<the ghost of his departed " uncle " Avalk directly and firmly from the piano right through the front door. Being horribly frightened, he lost no time in retracting his steps upstairs. His better- half was not aAvakened by the first performance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's " Messiah ;" but Smith had not long been in bed.before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Mozart's " Gloria " — the " TAvelfth Mass," in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing the piano he resolutely took refuge in the aims of Mor pheus. - His Avife Avas awakened by the music, and immediately screamed out and endeaAoured to arouse her husband, but such Beemed to be an impossibility, and she herself resolved to go doAvnstairs and ascertain the cause of this un usual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her beAvilderment was greater than that of Smith, she haAing observed the same identical man, and under precisely the same circum stances. In a frantic state of excitement she rushed upstairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him of what she had seen. Next morning he determined to get rid of the a-wful instrument. He succeeded in doing so ; but Avhether the same performance has been repeated at the house of the individual to whom he sold it or not he is not in a position to say. The Education Report of Victoria shows re turns for 1874 up to. the end of May. They giAe an average attendance at schools of 98,813. The number of schools in operation is 1113. The number of children attending schools of any kind, 281,876. The rate of cost per child in State schools is £3 4s. 2f d., which is less than in any other colony excepting South Australia. There is a rumour, says the Evening Post, in the political atmosphere, that Mr. G. R. Dihbs, in the interest of the Educational League, is, about to oppose Mr. Parkes at the next general election. — -- — — ... — . - A petition has been got up at Melbourne, for the release of Butchart, alluding to the state ment that lie is now sane. 