LITERATURE, Literary Notices, 1/ " THE THRESHOLD OF THE UNKNOWN REGION, by Clements R. ¿Markham, C.B. and F.R.S., Secre tary of the Royal Geographical Sociey, was writtei a3 the author informs us, for the special purpose o giving the public a correct knowledge of the whol line of frontier separating the known from thi unknown region round the North Polo. In carry ing his purpose into effect, tho author has pointée the attention of his readers to the stories of earl? voyagers, and the efforts of recent navigators t( cross this frontier ; and also has set forth a yerj imposing array of valuable results to be dérivée from North Polar discovery. In the opening chap ter he tells us that the immense tract of land anc sea which surrounds the northern end of the axii of tho earth, is tho largest field of discovery whicli remains open for tho present generation to explore and then says : Tills undiscovered region is bounded on IhoEuroponn side by the 80th parallel of latitude.'except whero Scoresby,|Purry and a few others have slightly broken into its olruuinference ; but on tho lsiatie sida it ox tends fully to tho 75th and 71th degs, and westward of Behring's Strait our knowledge ls bounded hy the 72nd degree. Thus, in some directions, lt is moro tluui 1600 miles across, und it covers HM arei\of upwards of 1,500,00c square miles. Tho parallel of 7uth dezreo skirts the novthorn shores of the continents of Europe, Ash, and Amelina; and betwoon the 70th and 80th do£8. there is an intervening hell separating th i known from the unknown, whioh, in different directions, has been moro or less explored by the intrepid ren iñen and travellers of various nations Tho successes mid diBtts ers, theiv during exploits nnd wonderful adventures, form the reoovd whence wo must gather such information at is at present within our rcuch respecting tho outer edgo of Hie unknown i'olur region. This information will assist iis lu tho necessary speculations, whence we may derivo an estimate of the uses and advantages that .will be derived from a North Polar expedition. Unlike Ibo ocean-girt region of tho Southern Pole, the Northern Polar region is surrounded, at a distance of about 1300 miles from its centre, by the three groat continents of out planet, while tho enormous glacier-bearing mass of Greenland stretches away towards the Pole for an unknown distance. Them aro threo approaches by sen to this land girt end of the earth ; through tho wldo ocean between Norway and Green laud, through Davis' Strait, and through Bohrlng's Strait ono wide portal aud two narrow gates. The notices of ancient maritime exploits given in tho early part of the work, though brief are graphic, and show the reader how very much we are indebted to a few hardy seamen for the know ledge wo possess of various parts of the world, Amongst the names of these seamen, that of Henry Hudson stands conspicuous. This able navigate! sought for an outrance to tho unknown polai region, along the edge of tho pack ice, extending from Greenland to Nova Zembla. Mr. Markham tells us that nothing whatever is known with certainty respecting this renowned navigator. He first appears fitting out a little cock-boat for the Muscovy Company, called ;the Hopewell, 80 tons, to discover a passage by tho North Pole. On May 1, 1607, he weighed anchor at Greenwloh. When we consider the moans with which he was provided for the achievement of this great discovery, we are astonished at the fearless audaolty ot tho attempt. Here was a crew of ton men and a boy, in a wretohed little craft ol eighty tons, coolly talking of sailing right aoross the Pole tc Japan, and actually making as careful and judicious a trial ol the possibility of doing so, as has ever been effected hy thi best equipped modern expeditions. Nor was Hudson igno rant of tho difficulties and dangers of suoh a voyage, for tin results ot the three expeditions of Barents wero known to him and he had with him the best existing charts. Imagine this bold seams n sailing from Gravesend, bounc for the North Pole, in a o rn ft about the size of one of the smallest of modern collier brigs. We can form a good idea oi lier general appearance, because three such vessels are deli neated on tho chart drawn by Hudson himself. The Hope well was more like an old Surat buggalow than anything else that now sails the seas, with high stern and low pointed DOW; she had no head sails on her bowsprit, but to make np far this, the foremast: was stepped ohock forward, There was a cabin under the high and narrow poop, where Hudson and lils little son were accommodated, nnd tho mon were crowded forward. Thus equipped and provided for the voyage Hudson, as we have seen, sailed from Greenwich and passed the Shet land Islnns on May 20, 1607. He came in sight of tho east const of Greenland, which he describes as a very high land with muoh iw near the shore, on June 13, and continued to stand alung it with a northerly oourso, until the 23nd, Al though ho was Btopped in this direction, yet ho considered the timo well spent, seeing that extensivo land had been disco vered which was not marked on any chart, and be adds, .' for aught wo could Bee, it is like to be a good land nnd worth the Boeing." He named lt " Hold with Hope," and found his lati tude, when in Bight of it on the sand, to bo 73rd degree north. Hudson then )ef c the Greenland coast, and stoermg in a north easterly direction for flvo days, came in sight of a part of Spitzbergen, or Nowland as he called it, which lie supposed to be tho Vogelsang of Bavonts Tho ice was found in latitude 78 degrees 30 minutes north, trending away from Suitzbergen to the westward ; and tho little oraft was " in many dangers amongst so huge a quantity of loo and fogge." Hudsen con tinued to examine the coast of Spitzbercen during many days, constantly attempting to make a passage to tho northward, but always stopped by the ice. He gave the namo, which it still bears, to tho north-west point of Spitzbergen, Hakluyt Headland. At one timo he found his latitude to be 81 degrees to tho nortward of Spitzbergen, when the land he sighted was probably tho Seven Islands ; he observed that the sea was in some places green, and in others blue, and he says, "our green sea we found to bo freest trom ice, and our azure blue ssa to bo our ide sea." Scoresby considers this to be accidental, and ho ascertained the green colour to bo caused by myriads of minute medusa), 110.60Î in a oubio foot.Tho results of this voyage wore very important, both in a geogra phical and a commercial point of view. Hudson had disco vered a portion of tho east coast of Greenland : he had examined tho edge of the loo botween Greenland and Spitz bergen twice, in June and the end of July ; and lie had sailed to the northward of Spitzbergen, until he was stopped by the Ice ; reaching almost, as high a latitude as Scoresby, in 1806, whioh was 81st degree, 12 minutes, 42 seconds, north. Hud eon's higcest latitude by observation was 80th degree 23 minutes: burlie sailed for two moro days in a north-easterly direotion. Tho practical consequence of Hudson's voyage wns that hlB aoconnt of tho quantities of whales and seahorses Jn the Spitzbergen seas led to the establishment of a rioh and prosperous flshory, which continued to flourish for two centuries, It would be tedious to enumerate even tho names of the brave men who have commanded the various expeditions which have been fitted out for arctic exploration; nnd, to tell the truth, Mr. Markham's descriptions of the efforts made by those brave men to effect the object in view are very dry. Ho appears to be a hard-headed, practical Bort of man, who is admirably adapted to describe and reason about concrete facts, but withal incapable of in vesting his descriptions with any of the weird splendours of genius. Hence, a large part of his book is more or less uninteresting to common readers. He has the merit, however, of laying before his reader a complete outline of what has been done in the way of arctic exploration, while the more didactic portions of his volume show what remains to be done, and how useful it would bo to the world that that which remains to be done should be done speedily and properly. The 14th chapter, detailing the results of arctic exploration to geology, botany, meteorology, zoology, &c;, is , very interesting, and will amply repay a.careful perusal, nnd, therefore, wo commend it to tho attention of our readers. We have only room for ono extract, which must servo us a sample of tho ¡ " resulta" -which the author describes. It relates, as the reader will perceive, to a very important ethnological inquiry. Mr. Markham says : Tho knowledge nlready acquired of tho Arctic regions leads to tho conclusion that tlio discovery of tho unknown portion of tho Groenland coasts will yield very Important results in the science of anthropology. Although barely one- half of tho Arctic récrions ha« been explored, ret ahundunt traces of for mer inhabitants aro found throughout their moat desert wastes where now there is absoluto solitude. These wilds havo not been inhabited for centuries, j et they aro covered with traces of wanderers, or of sojourners, of a bygouoago. Here and there, In Greenland, in Boothia, on the thoras of America, where existence is possible, the descendants of for mer wanderers aro still to be found. Th» migrations of these people, the scanty notices of their origin and movements that aro scattered through history, and the requirements of their existence, aro all so many dues whioh, whsn careftdly . gathered together, throw light upon a most interesting sub ? jeot. Tho migrations of man wltlün the Arctic zone give rise . to questions which aro closely conneoted with the geography 1 of the undiscovered portions of the Arctic regions, I 'Hie extromo points wnich exploration has yot reached cn tho shores of Qreonland are in abont 82nd degree on the west, and in 7flth degree on the eastern side ; and these two points ore about 600 miles apart. As thero have been inhabitants at both these points, and they are separated by nn uninhabitable intorval from the settlements further south, it may be inferred that the unknown interval further north ls or luis been inha bited. On the western sido of Greenland it was discovered, in 1818, that a small tribe Inhabited the rugged coast between 70th and îûtli degree north ; their range being bounded ou the south by tho glaciers of Melville Boy, which bar all progress lu that direction, and on the north by the Humboldt Glacier, : while the Sernik-sook, or treat glaoierof the interior,conllues ! thom to tho seacoast. These "Arctic Highlanders" number about HO souls.and thoir exiotenco depends on open pools and lanes of water throughout tho winter, which attract animal i lifo. Heneo, it is certain thut whore such conditions exist man moy ho found. The question whether the unexplored coast of Greenland is inhabited, therefore, depends upo» tho existence of currents and oilier conditions, snail as prevail in the northern part of Bailln's Bay. But this question is not oven now left entirely to conjecture. It is true that the " Arctic Highlanders" toll Dr. Kano that they know of no inhabitants beyond tho Humboldt Glacier, and this is the farthest point whioh was indicated by Kalahierua (the native lad who was on boord tho Assistance) on Iiis woudo-fully accurate chart. But neither did the Esquimaux of Upernavik know anything; of natives north cf Melville Hay until the first voyoge of Blr John Ross. Yet now wo know that there either are or have been inhabitants north of the Humboldt Glacier, on Mieextreme verge of the unknown region; for Morton (Dr. Kane's steward) found'the runner of a sledge made of bone Wins on the beach on tho northern side of it. There is a tradition, too, among the *. Arctio Highlanders" that there are herds of musk oxen far to tho north ou an island in an iceless sea. Traces of these wore found bj' Captain Hall's expedition, in 1871-72. as far north as 81st degrco 30 minutes north. Ou the eastern side of Greenland there uro similar indications. In 18-23 Captain Clavering found twelve natives at .Cape Borlase Warren, in 70th degree north : but wheu Capt. Koldewey wintered in tho same neighbourhood in 1809. none wera to bo found, though there wero abundant traces of them, and ample means of subsistenea As the Melville Bay glacier« form un impassable barrior, preventing the " Arctio Highlanders" from wandering southwards on the west side, so the ice-bound coast on the east side, between Bcoresby'e disooveries and the Dauobrog IsltB, would prevent the people seen by Clavering from takine a southerly course. The alter nate is that, at the time of Koldowej'*s visit, they must have goue north. These considerations lead to tho conclusion that there are, or have been, inhabitants in the unexplored region to the north of the known parts of Greenland. If this oe the case, the study of all the characteristics of a people who have lived for generations in a state of complete isolation, would be an investigation of the highest scientific interest. Just at the present time, while newspapers are rivalling each other in retailing scandal, relative to the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, and while the religious world look on with mingled feelings of fear and hope, at the ordeal through which the rev. gentleman is now passing, it may not be uninter esting to glance at one of this renowned preacher's recent works, namely, his "Lectures on Preaching." These lectures were delivered to the students of Yale Theological College, during the spring session of the present year, and, consequently, may be regarded as his latest published theological utter ance. Mr. Beecher thus defines his own stand point: Certainly, it would be painful for mo to stand in your midst, and And myself traversing that whioh ÍB regarded by your teachers as sound and very necessary in tho equipment of ministers for the Held. I do not feel that I shall very much traverse the aubstautlal facts that underlie all theolojrj' ; and yet, I have from the very beginning of my ministry worked from the grand-point of a different philosophy from that whioh has been employed in times past, and according to a different method, so that, while feeling alter tho same great facts which others are feeling after, I may place thom in lights whioh make them apparently antagonistic in a doctrinal form, to those that were held bj' tho fathers, or are hold by my bre thren lu tho ministry. Bo that on snub grounds I might be considered " unsound," and not worthy to be called an ortho dox man. And yet, in regard to tho great elements of human nature, of tho,divine nature, of tho essential principles of moral government, and its ends and aims, and of the means employed In the great soil om o of salvation through Jesus Christ, I hold myself to be perfectly sound, and, if anything, sounder than other folks. So it really ls a kind of vacillation, rather than anxiety, that I feel in speaking to j'ou as I shall, in respect to tho nature of mau an universally sinful, but susceptible of development out of animal into spiritual conditions, and in respect to the reality aud glory of a personal God-A porsonal God revealed unto us In the Kow Testament, iu three persons-in other words, the doctrine of the Trlnitj'. In the over-blessed truth of the Divinity of our Lord Jesus Ohrist ; in the history of his life-work, constituting substantially an atonement for tho sins of the vi arid ; in tho dootrine of the power ot the Holy Ghost, sent forth from God, bj' which man, who needs to be boru out of natural lifo into spiritual life, is regenerated by the development in him; of all-oontrolling Christian senti ments-a now will, and a now spiritual power; In the great truths of faith and hope : in the great truths of two-world life and immortality-in all theso great, substantial, and un derlying faota, I suppose I stand with the good men who have lived since the day that Paul left the earth ; and I hold them not morolj' in curiosity, nor from a love of their logical affini ties and structural fitness, but as tho wisdom of God, and the power of God unto salvation. It is difficult to believe that a man, believing in Buch principles, and, withal, being a large nnd truly catholic-minded man, could be throughout his life a scoundrel of the deepest dye, the seducer of many simple-minded women, whom lie pre vailed to yield to his vile inclinations. We shall continue to hold him innocent until he is proved to be guilty. We do not found our belief in his j innocence on his orthodoxy, but rather on the internal evidence which these lectures on preaching supply, inasmuch as they breathe of internal purity and innocence. H«»re is a passage, which goes to the root of the Sabbatarian Controversy : There aro many persons who talk to us in this way-I can not worship in your churches ; but let me, on a Sunday morn ing, go into the fields, in the midst of tho scenes of nature, and I think I can seo God thero. My dear old venerable father used to pooh-pooh that; ho used to call lt moonshine; and I used to say, " yes, and sunshine too. father, for I am just one of thoso porsons. ' I never had, under prawning, anything uko such a porscnal feeling of holiness or suoh a sonso of the nearness and overpowering presence of the other world brought to me, as through tho faculty of ideality, or that prinolple of the soul whlon takes cognizance of fine beautiful things-tho sense of taste. Í know that when I waa In tho Luxembourg, and saw tho first real regiment of paintings that I ever saw in my Hie, everything retreated to my brain. J. did not feel tho floor wheu I walked on lt. My head seemed Uko a globe at lire. I never felt the sanctity of tho love and the presence of God no near to mo, and I never had BUOII sn approbation of the beauty and glory of Inlinilo jtistioo a» I did in tho gallery of pictures at tue Luxembourg. I might havo sat-as I did-In Calvin's Chair, nt Geneva, without any omotlons of that kind. I uppreeiato tho lifo of Calvin, MB great work, aud his excel* lt noies; but no associations conneotBd with bim could produce suoli an effect upon me as I received at that time through the sense of tasto. These lectures are anything rather than dry, and like all their author's other works serve to shew his many-sidedness. We express no opinion on the truth or falsehood of the theology which un derlies and pervades them, for that mutter lies just outside of our province; but we have no hesita tion in saying that they ar« written in an agree able style; that the doctrines they contain are forcefully expounded, that drive rather than drift, is one of their leading characteristics, and that they are worthy of being read even by those who do not believe in tho theological system to which they Mate. 