If Sir James Fergcsson isjiot very_ carer ; M ulorfffet Jie ii8-toojH.,.hiB ropnlariiy! in several degrees IjeloW' zero. : ECs yachIiDg' vaganes jn.. NewIlZeManfl/ of iinclfiiK' he is JJoyen»r, are;iHttKiy <»mplame3 of on the "sOoTe:. pf .disOMriyIjmd hey hitye hot" teoiSea iD'ihaMhe' mfi :fahie. either:'as a M" Mhte rna6.;a vwise e&Ber.;, o/.aberaajbonal hostaMi j Irattedy he has struck but JajT new; role ' Stall more distasteM-'-tri' the jieople he ishniangs t BCel -wants ;to form a,, s t&ht;' an .' borrcspoDdeiioe between - Hie Go- ipemore of the diffeient colonjee elibnld be teamed', oh independenfly of -thwr respective ieal .advisers, , If .this rneSt- has any meaning at '"ifc''ti';j®ld5a|e.;!CpiTe- ebdenoepaSSes between AeGo vernments of ther»Iohfes.on pnbjic aBairs shonld be: .eondncied.i Vthe' lGowniors , jwhnievei. Bince no sanh Minister has -yet deaiEed to ' between Rer ISales's .itepteseiitaiivies in' Ilfhe Auhftadiaii . feplomes ;-ahd'there iu« only two" desciiptibhs of correspondence, private and 'iaMic, that we are aware thtese gehtieiheri engage. JjTow, this? is:a very modest request indeed to make, though it te'one from Mddfdi Sir GEOEGE Bowiaiand qoir _Gpvaimmntjveiy properly -dissent." TtrbagBKr a':rBorder Duties diffi-: colty to arise, or % .mutoial postal Service to .be - reaiied-;or : a . ooaferonce to be invtted ujioh tariEF'qnestiDns or-snbjects of intercolonial-'defejioe.: Tlse SGhistfy would infOTm the Governor of what1- they . desired, 8114 gentieSien, I will see what I can' do fo hape yoor wishes grarified.-I'willcongpoiid wrthmy excellent friend -iSirr:RiHJ3®jBQBpigPN or Sir : James: E£EGUBSON, and let yoa know the reslilt.,, Ministers would then return to their departmental and internal legislative duties, and the Governors would discuss the subject in mnch the same spirit as the Czar of Rossis frames okases ; . and the outcome ' would only- be made . known - to 'tim Govern ments iifberMted .when the' subject had been dispoBed of one way . mr .. ihie I other by the Governors themadves: .It is hard to understand rhow a gentleman who has spent jsome nnie years "of his 'life .amongst Australian white people,- coidd advocate so atsurd and despotic a doctrine 'bat the woridissofidl surprise npw-a-days, that the greatest absurdity., fails to kindle the least amshrnent ft is ptdi more difficult, however/ito'J comprehend! how Sir James 3T£h£tfS$$N oould "hiasoc S&pp;<£ed for a moment that any of the Australian overuments would fall into such ' a miserahle and.oeacdonaiy "project, "seeing that the whe- tendency of colonial government fdr >inbiB .ihanl '. ioentuiy has Been-fb iodooe'theJOWer of the repre- -e6ulatii%S "4rf3tfe Crown, ra»i oorfeSpond- ingly to inere»ae tiiat of tbe people. Any ,Eidstry .. whiSr sanctioned ithe , .myiyal of teoch an obsiete doctrine -ajs. Sff '?' Jambs l«30ismends, wo®i be s itecreant to thmr trust as; they woBlijdje.ttera to 'their own asteOce as admbiisbrators. Tho /theory aiil ')ira:c&ie; .of irefentative government ought -to :>be': known- .well ..enough to 'Sir J AMES- EacGUE&ON; by-this time, and the cmfd.pRnteVjwhich- pervades bothJis 'ntfilfimrtOTBBiOTi through the Crows, not lite; : Ministers. Hence Tfii«ilS8wi8gi ffl! #»Apart of a! Go- huemrnMit'.f toy privilege wrested ' from he . CrowiiA wdniji. 'bejap , abnegation . ,olE poptdar nghtsAv-a cbncessTon made "in. vdhe- v'direetion of all others the. least jnseffihdto'dbtiu4lit? ; 'feir JAxiAs' FEHGUS- £GN.has«videndy heen. demoralised by hik ®arihMyofewifiouih¥MeBj'-whD: not' so -long, stbore-weat/pntshte the boundaries, of Ins fSSjBdoh.'Ss G6v&nor;, to lecture the poltm 'tfiHm 'the Sewetary of State in 'DoWnu'roet,' on: ttsi':besiSieh ; free- tradegw ppntrgitpd with the alleged de- Aonmbes cj- protection. Thatwasa dagraut violation ofihe porition of a Governor, who. a predilection for,, any. particular, form of fiscal gdvteiimient, :,seeing: thai, he, is sworn tolioIdAoehJporitioBhweena partial) riPEgJUj ROBINSON, cutemrLtmkiffinufieiil jilIlTapOtoimikepnother ieffo«t2to,-to-'Govenx>re:'toto-ie:u"xieutiid "Vpwoawnmgrtoashould put a /J! - "" I'tffuVrTr'VT . rr thr hrmrh HldSi6€65ttS#M6B86X it3ajflthe colonists wi& be wnfeBddlWfead of narrowed down,": Govierww:. of to Awbtaljan colony, are dischaedr'' if fiie'tecchet bfftal posih'Jraill only' mstfn(> : faons. f ile has,simp|yto parry out the de- 'rirhes of FsHiame,- «as espressed through' of State vin aahriraimgareet ffliey . month certaS tine fofeu;jvtong-do!Bg->xiby those whose, hdeivoringT t6 in vade. Sir James. Febgubson has al ready received three raps on the knncHaa fiqm the Governments he was attemptim "ha manipulate,- and thflfe. reminderoug to'teachhim to mindK own' bnanessSE Mure, And leave theopi reineseiit tiyes in the diSerent .monies-to atftadiRk -iheirs. . GubeimatorimteffiBrhe|li to the past ages, anaeven its ghost cannot now be resuscitated, or its body waked. GNEmoregreat disqhyety has beeH"mad-—' one more chance of reneration is presented! 'Sunday observance, 4hetehimera' phere, the" scandal) oP' t$alssp>en, the day "dreanrof Ghristendom,iB-seenwed-by«tatnte passed in the reign of the piotts and moral monarch — CHARLES IL The great rto- gious riddle has been found out — it is firfc, or the pablic BtcxiB, tor those who -exerctae aby worldly- labor ai the Cord's day. T Under the Commonwealth all men were virtuous, or .compelladLto jvear its exterior garb; bntho aSffiwfeae the restraints imposed by the strictness of Puritanism' removed, than, sice talked - through the land without disguise. "The cotert set the ' fashion. Ebriety was freely indulged in.. Conversation was:cpnupted.-„ -Theccpraest. jests were admitted amongst the highest classes. The stage, copyingxrtiie; living manners of the tune; united the profligacy' of the Fren@?wa&Mi;?naehes8 of English manners. . The. tpxt)wagant pretensions to piety of the formertagteliaid propagated the' spirit of irreligtmj,-! told mot mpp. of learn ing and genius lay imdef 'the imputation of deism. CHAELESttmeelf was considered an -infidel — 4t alLeugnts.be mostcerteihly. had no settled rmospn. ' In the rmgh j oF this HwriftwuSJ lytgij-iftte' toatate Was passed under which ' our' " townsman — Mr Book — Was smmmoned and con victed. _on Mojiday, 'yor working himself and keeping pereOTfe'TnTiis'eriiptoySent at work on Sundays?'- Remembering that ithe. 'statute tinder 'which Bo OK . was convicted dates back to the year 167G, few, people, out of the law. can be expected to know of ifA existence? e s ac g ix ' CoNSTANTINE first made a law for the observance of the Lord's day.j. .Though the practice was to abstain from" worilly calling . on that day, a portion of it -was devoted to I sports and pastimes,, such as are still common on the Continent of Europe. Plays | were performed oh Sundays at the court of ) 'Queen ! ELIZABETH and Chables I.; l and ' James I., in his " Book of Sports" a984 JtoJaadng, _aSiery, i leaping, vaulting,. vaic., Twefe la'wful. oii Sundays affce'rc"&rvice.; By 1 Elizabeth, | cap. 2, " all persons, without lawful excuse, . are to resort the parish church on Sun- . days, of forfeit twelve" pence:" By 1 Car. . I., cap. 1, " no persons shall assemble out; pofriheir own parishes for any npcuto - what- ! soever on Sundays." And by 29' Charles . II., cap. 7— the statute that, turned up at the Town Police Court bh Monday — It is -provided that Mno tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer, _or other person rdiatso- «rWv 8hall -do,.-or exePGiseany worldly labor or business, or work of their ordi nary callings, on the Lord's day (worts, of necessity andcharity alone excepted)." . And by fte 28$ Vic"" An; Act for the Re- ' gulation of the Police Force," it is provided that " the hKah arrihorities shall cause Sun day to be ddy observed, and shall not per mit jany bouses, shops,, stores, Ac., to be open for the purpose of trade — apothe caries, chemists, butchers, bakers, pastry cooks, confectioners excepted — under -4 \- - penalty «ot exceeding jEoor less than 40s." The statote.29. Car: IL, cap.:?, is, however, regarded as the basis - of the law on this . subject; , and being. prohibitory, it is con strued rigorously. ' "Hms 'the words " any woridly labor" are limited to worts -of one's ordinary calling1; and a man who otdd a " horse on Sunday was allowed touecover the " pribe thereof, "as it was not .his ordinary calling ; and a contract for Miing .between a.farmer and Ihwer pn Sanday has been held to be Tgbod,; 'mid even a inll of iex- chauge draws on Sunday ib not void. . J .No doubt BoOK's conviction is good is law; but R. sems ihe very height of absurdity to . hunt up a statute 200 years old, to punish, a man for working -on a day that is no more his Sabbath than is Satur day the Sabbath of the'Christian. Inner , bgionr-sp far js State., aitm is concerned, j we" have"' long mn'ce won toleriflion, and we j had hoped that we had secured pprfect free- I dom of action. ' . But it would seem thatfhe good time longed for by ardent spirits inull , ages has -not -yet come. , The toal of.onr . police, and the erudition of our authorities have unearthed antattite of the pious and immortal CHAELES, and our Hebrew friends are taught "that;"' if tfiey'-bbserye their Sab- bath "to the satisfaction of their consciences, they must observe the Christians' Sunday " ."also in ofder tb'satLsTy; the 29 CaKf. Mr- Gaunt, P.M., before whom the liaserwas beard,., said " the defSidaDt -bad rendered himself liable , under the Act to a penalty of 5s." . Such, no doubt, is the law. But how is it, we would ask, that this one man,- , whose Sabbath is the Saturday, should have been pouhced npten when there are hundreds of Christians in' "almost every street -who : toighfchave beeutoimtaoDed,iIun' 1 jaiza- r xIbGl, cap.2Mfertosacting! thwaBelrHs with- , jut lawful excuse, from their, parish, church ten Sunday, or tinder . 29 Car, .EE., for JAbor-: feoBcfftayWe are not inr" etigating tbejreopie to the desecrationof the Sabbato, or the infraction of the iaw but it is absurd to 'gtf 'bacik tWo bun: life"-; 8 ggtote ,|o punish" an offence.common to the whole community v. more "or less. ' The authorities may sis' well hunt up some "statute passed under the rule : df CASAE, or daring the Heptarchy V church ; affairs then came' to the front, and several iMhpjia. yereiorSdpd-j; Qrthey/may go tojhe Conquest, when .WILLIAM brought titeJews from. Rouon to inhabit Edgland ; or they may_wade through the statutes" xfiasgedjin,. the. .rieign -pf .-Heney . YIII a' good rdigious mam s Poor Moeley, .oL Sandridge, by..the bye, fdl under the pro visions of a statate passed in the reign of thisrJQl. knag,"- »w ho -hsver spared man in his: danger or woman in Ins:Iost. Ah well. focijGn&fsflei; aodjAmrjustioes to read up JimvpTRal history, and endeavor. to-hit upon «'M-«M>toa3ijfiieBqhd«ebrew -wto-«teviefed to" Monday,- - . . j Far he it fromJ our iittentioh tolneer at' reJigion or the4»bs8rvance::of the Sabbath: Tht /if; is ; dearkble. tiiattoe Sabbath be, nrtiohaflyiten "Bat, unless' the nation generally content,1 %the obsyacannotlte carried out,what- everihe police, toemastratesorCHAELES U.inay y.- Even wheh tbe" majoriy :f«rae,. to $B ,obsem'js!torBasbiiaMe toteoeree thoseto.cbaerveit who::object.to ,-do ,ao. , . On . the oth;-htod,; )heir non- .Otevmoce sliteutd ipermitl to inter-, fere with the observance by those who "Ae-: sire to Ireepit sbictly/;; fetoue prinijile- pears to. -he jhat onoifhpnld have : the full opportunity of -dteervingxthe, Sab! bath in the way . that he thinka best. Every person should be free to neglect the ob- %QS|pcd«f the Sahbaih;|f hbSffines to do M but ygthus liberty MirTespect I doabpot abridge tffcwiiterty of j otlins in m ppBosite direclMr.the aim, aver, bf Sute m®ferento7"8bo®jbe not to cder06--Sp:bnkp6o allow; .ftgfeure the | greatest mnoura of liberty to |li ; for ; religion and politics are- jreryaifferent people reUgious any more, ttoi 29 1 Car.' II., with the police and the magis- j .tateSf-taanahS them go to diurah# wcease. I towoitj jtiiey,wdl,op thS«Kyof"the 1 week. "Ttelhndirafad tfaejmqe 1 These two j words represent very different things — each T of great importance, and blended by virtke of our moral constitution. All we protest against ib the attempt to drive men ito ; church by ,the iconsta|)le'£ taton. Religion needs nerther PMrimit h police. " For j the bnaliTig. of -ttte-xDations," an enforcjed j -array of .doubtful intradera — police, Ac.— .B i -ndt red.iqxmAtn£!£auredAml where it j has been planted; bringing their coarse mattS3S-'bf antiquated 'Shovels: with them,Q| as if toe wprk of planting was to be done : dvef aaMt£r' .lind fdbhe ,1jy' : With xasIT "hahds toOT lMhmhg pruning- ! hooks, which none may resist. We want ! rnonpidf jfenot glt-ielioB rbeadvanced by poltce in»erferen6e,dr tHe'digingout of | theianusty- deptos.of ages statotes which i Ahonld betebfipiete,;lo.sfiecure toe means for !4qnesti . p toe defendant in the case on Monday- |3Nt@«irtoe puhc .JceT-ify weU" doing of /toe public -was arrested, or their jhOTehbesTrorftfleSStenSeemly eights or obnoxious npisesten.the Lord's day — then, be he Jew pr be.he Gentile, it was .the djrty of the pplice to interfere; but jthe/ object might 'even thmihaye been attained without disturbing toe remains of CHABLES H. It.may be as well the public should remem ber "that under 'the statutes— file' ancient statutes — to which i we have referred, _aj policeman may lay information against su6h 1 as are abtontr from ' their pariSK %1/iirch' on ' Sunday— the penalty, fine , or. .toe stocks; and'as to those who are caught following jtoeir ordinartf caHiogj the caaefOfj Jdr BooK . is sufficient warning. This is a pretty state ' of things to be evoked in the latter part of the nineteenth century,, when , religions toleration is not supposed to be a myth, but a great reality. r" ' 't The first sod of the Upper Gong Gong Ee;ervoir J rill he tifined : to-4ay At twelve o'clock. A huge party of Ministers, members of Parliament, heads; of public bodies, and local tiesidencs have' been in- I vited, so that the event will be celebrated in a ! tnanner Creditable to the towij. 7 Vefiftles to con- ' ! vc-y the Visitors to the site of the reservoir will leave the Water Office at eleven o'clock. Luncheon is to be provided on 'the ground, and the daj's pro- , ceedings will be wound up with a banquet in the Alfred Hall in the evening. The ceremony of turning the sod will be performed by Commissioner i M'Dowall, chairman of die Water Commission. 1 This evening will witness the re-ojwning of the Ballarat Theatre BoyaL, and the first appearance . here of the new prima donna assolnta, Signora i Matia Palmieri, and Signora Persiani, her sister, i in addition to -the other members -of a powerful , opera tic, company. We. have previously published ; -f Mr LystErt owti statemaitAhat thh eompato-is the : strangest and best that has ever appeared in Bai- ; lant, and ourtnusioal friends may therefore antici pate a treat, especially as the Theatre itself is how m such a dean and inviting condition, hav- : ing been thoroughly renovated throughout. There 1 will be a large and fashionable gathering in . the dress circle, as nearly all the seats have . been taken np - by season-ticket holders ; and T mr doubt "the other parts of the house -will be ...crowded, Signer Gjorza js the conductor of the ! "grand orchestra and full -chorus;" and the opera , seteeted for the first appearance tet'La Palmieri is | Bellini's beantiful "Norma," with the following cast Pollfe, Signor Fenuite Bosnati; Oroveso, , Signor Enrico Dondi; flavins,? Signor Benso; I Clotilde, Signora Tonrnerie; Adalgisa, Signora" Alice Persian!; Norma,. Signora Mana JSalmieri. j A reform, which this journal and some of our 1 contemptuaries have advocated far, years, is at " length to be adopted by the Sail way Department. ; The Argus says : — " With a- view to giving travd- ; lers by - railways better facilities far obtaining | tickets, the Commissioner of Railways has deter- : mined upon having the windows at whidi the j tidcets are sdd open all day." : j The action of the Minister of PuHic Instruction. \- in appointing a first aseistant-teaclim' to tlis . Orphan Asylum State SehdoI, waa made the eub- ' : . ject of discussion at the meeting iff committee last night It appears that Mrs Hefiernan has been appointed at: a certain, salary;' and: "board and residence" in the institution. Ab - the' ; committee' were never consulted in referents i to the board and .residence part of the con- ' tract, -they naturally contidcr that tbey haxse, been treated somewhat cavalierly, .and demitr | to finding quarters for the new teacher— and pos- \- aibly her children. The lady is' 'placed in an .awkward position, and has ofiered to teach the children in the evening as- a consideration for hex j board and residence ; hnt pending tire settlement i of the question as to whether such evening tuition \- is required, Mrs Heffernan is to be: temporarily . accommodated at the Asylum. Ameeting of the joint" committee appointed by , ithe Gbpd Ttotpfars and Bed; Jacket Company, relative to the Davis orplvtn cin'hlren, was held on : Monday evening in the Free library, SebastopoL The Eev. Mr Bnrchett' was -called on to preside." The following moneys were handed in to Mr B. H. Fernald (acting as secretay) :-Sale of tickets, &c.;, for recent lecture, £14 19s 4d; "collecting Books, £28 lis. Total, £43 10s 4d. As aU the tickets, find also books, are not yet .acconnted for, it was : -decided to adjourn the meeting for # .'ibrtnight for afihal statement; Mr If. H. Hawkes was ap- , ,-poiated treasurer. . A nnmerbusly and influehtialiy signed reqnlsi- . tion, addressed to the Local BoahLoLHealthj Bal- larat East, calling attention" to tfie alarming presence of typhoid and diphtheria, as shown to " us yesterday. The requisition states, that on the j -confines of the town thcre.are «t»gr..n, Reservoirs . of pntresceat:Hood and other ofitosive matter, and they- call-; upon -the- authorities to- auppressj- at : once, rfns most malignant eviL For therrelfare of the inhabitants we tro®t;'. and bare -no doubt, the reqnisitkra wfil recrive tile attention- which its im- . Jtortance. demands. . r SFe -Are ihforniedXBy the leeretinry, Mr J. P. O'Dee, that the dinner in connection with" "the" \- Union of Irishmen? W beerrpoxtponed to Monday next, I8th Mar, and that a ciw-otaV to this offect has beat . "forwarded to the holders of , tickets.,, .... . \--The brgan'Vecital by Mr -A.>T.;Tuni«, which - was to have been given this evening in : St. Andrew's Church, in aid of the organ fund, has - in consequence ol die Opera season, been {post poned to Wednesday, 20th instant. In addition to Mr "Ennigrfe services; the pBweifnl Arid well- drilled choir of the church will give some choice ', solbs and Sutton, Mira "Worrtll jiSfesre JaOy, Battray, : &Cp; are named in the programme, There was an 'additional attraction tii jfiffltors at .JhioESue Arts . ExhaSthHEtosrc night, wheii the J toigexppm over tba jibrary was- tepened forAlwr ®rf.t ,t?nle' Ito "bang, hung with a: fine' collection of oil ;and water -color paintings, Bthugi io» aiuiu ,. ngi. OE an important ...por tion rf tte 'sbiti. because, in addition to the pictures, it will .contain a number of ingeoibus working modds-jand other articles of interest-- t.njght Afr W«4m. gulvanist, )b tlie Bailarat; Hospital, set .pp, , Jus , battery, and administered- , fsbocke to 11 who; were desirous of .testing the &&S;?m X&KitlStKZ;, d«yter top, when W understand that tdrajfiuc , commomcatibd between thelm haj and "the upper toom. ' At the .City; PoliHe'Gonrt yesterday, tiiereiriu njj trnninal feusiptoa And bnt littie doW on the fayfide.- . . AyOTtb,Sffrente«B"ires'suea.by a giri of the same age for mmnteriahce of their plegimate pffsprmg, and an order of osper week made against the boy father, who repudiated the paternity ; .but. lis it waa said that he bad advised the girl to take anted fame which. :ronld have /an nblivfal rffegt P ;,wr. and as dris friends had bebn wflling to 'compromise top :tbattm-, the orderwab made as- stated, . "N . _ , -' ... Mfa.toeginder oftheDon Extended" Company, was Arrested on warrant yes'terdav, charged with having stolen a bottle of quicksilver the property of the Don Extended Company, Bal- larat East. The quicksilver was missel battery-honse, and on a search warrant beffig pro cured, it was found mjte prisoapMigpu He will be brought up atJ®e?rpn this morning. - j' ;x ;_: Gentlemen interested in the AigBf&aad; lontoh- plonghing match are'-rMUe&d; toe , Shire Hall, linton, on rots "21skiitot, at; -eight o'clock. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society -will be hridvtttim Mechimjra'Jn»titute, on Wednesday, the 20th instant,, The Very 6evi H. B. IlfaeaiW,a>2Ql,T>ean of. Melbourne; will preach at Christ Church, Lydiard -street, -on Thursday overrii®!' inoiiof the Home Mission ftur. jj ,-u.i 30-igT x. . . 1 \- The-Hoepitil-Goimmtoe wjgl meet this after-_ noon at five o'clock, in order to enable members: to attend thehanqBSt at the Alfred Hall this evening. The f ofiowSBMhe ntmto-paper : — To receive re port of house committee; to receive report of sub- committee on establishing an emeggenqy wardj to pay the monthly' accoifnte ; to ippointltwo mem bers of bouse committee in place of Messrs T.i Clegg and S. Ackmmq-who retire by rotation, but O'Meara, resigned. The .Geelong Football C3uh has invited, two delegates fcom tbe ©illarat jFootbaU Club, to attend a meeting to he held at the Argyle hotel, Geelong, on Thursday-evening, for the purpose of drawing' up rules under which the challenge cup presenledhy the club is tp be competed, for. Several petty robberies are reported as having taken place recently in various parts of the city. A resident a ton of firewood put in hift'yaid on Monday after-; .noon; and '"Swum the niit Eome industrious thief or thieves jcanii away every stick' of the after noon's purcha4s-4iot;4eBving enough, so we are told, to light the mormng fire. .. ; . ' : ; a - A laigcrbpulationis fettling down (says?the Gipps Land Times') ofl rthe agricultural land along the line of tiie "Gipps Land railway, and at the prcseht"d'Hff23grs wll thafis available will isbortly tedakeuup,jj Witbni the past fewtmonths some-thousands orafi& hwyebM® applied for,jend it is' worthy iff "n'bte tfiat manySftboseSimous to secuib blocks are cngaged in business in Melbourne, and intend to erect villa residences when the rafl- _way is completed, and_ lay onya large amourit oL meney upon the land. As tHis means'employment ! of labor, end emplqyment-of labor means increased ! prospeHiyrfobonlyfto the district, but to the colony ..gentialiywBTecord the fact witiLplearetrex | At the meeting of the - Executive j Council bold , on Monday afternoon, Mr Archer's appointment I as Secretary of Lands was coafirmed. Jfcis in- I -tended (saya the Age) -thatin fiUing up theesition of Begiatrar-General ntaie other than departmental xlterationsfshall b fore, that Mr fisyter; whOiJuw/on more than one occasion acted as locun tenens in the absence of Mr Archer, will be promoted; to the vacancy. ; Mr Hodgkinsoo's resignation as Assistant- Cammis-; rioner at ' Lands on Monday accepted hyi thee Executive.. He retires under the 46th clause of; . the Civil Service Act/by which he will be entitled to shperanhuatiori alltrwande. A-mim of £500 will, also be placed uptmjtiie Estimates, to be granted ; to Mr Hodgkinsonrn recognition of his services1 iri connection with the parks and gardens aipund the city, Jl may be mentioned, in justice to a very old civil servant, Mr Gudeman, that deposition of secretary of lands was offered to him in the first instance, and that he declined the office. The rumors current respecting Mr Brough Smyth's otter of the position are: according to very good i authority, without foundation: On Monday a mBl1 named -Handy; Andy was sent to the Melbourne Gaol for three months, :Ior bring in a public place with intent to commit a felony. It was stated in the court that tbe';de- hnquenthadheen; twenty years, in gad out of the twenty-five he had resided in the colony. The boast, of the people d Ballarat (remarks' the Gtdong Advertiser) is that their town is free of rate: Would that we could say the same. But. the vermin appear to be becoming more numerous j than ever, ana the foundations of some of the older houses in the place have been quitq riddled by them. On Sunday night Mr Scheckell, the well-known canary breeder, found out to his cost that rats were about. On Saturday night he left swinging a cage containing seventeen' Belgian canaries, worth from £1" to £4 or £5 each; on Monday morning he found that' all but one had been eaten by the rats, and their yellow feathers had been strewn all about the place. To reach the cage, the. vermin must lisye sprang at least a couple of feet high, it bring impossible they could have reached it from the ioof. . : As a rule (remarks, tire titdong 4sbertiser) the parents of Industrial School children stoutly resist any attempt on tlie part of the authorities to com pel them to contribute towards the support of their offspring. An instance of: quite an exceptional character, "however, turned "up on Saturday. Mr Bunnett, the clerk of petty sessions, who has to figure «s cgmpkiinante in-propeedings against the parentiiL bad issued several summonses against defaulters. To his astomshntept, one" of the parents— w mmer, -who haff travelled some distance 'to attend the oonrt — presented intnsrif, and, hand-, ing the stunmonshack to its issuer, intimated (hat he' had called to pay the small amount demanded ; at the same time the .man. withdrew rom.ihis ".pocket a very substantial roll of notes/and, count-; ing ont£4(!, iaH it on the table, intimaUng that he was now in h position"to proptriy caie for his boy, for whose board in the schools' during tour years he had. just settled. The. amount was received with thmiks, and the father was referred to the inspector iff Industrial- Schools, with the assurance that, On. representing the . facts, his child would be handed over to hix custody. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson (remarks the Age) has teen recently placing.himself in correspondence with the Governors' of the various AjtstipU- ccimies,- with.arilimr to establishing the prinSple that the mtercombihnication between the Governors' of the colomes should he' carried on independently of their respective' legal advisers. Sir George Bowen is not at all disposed to enter into any. such arrangement. < ' On Monday the matter was considered by the Cabinet, and it was. derided that-' a letter- upon the subject should be dispatched- fo '-flie "OblOmal Secretary of; New. Zealand, deprecatory of such a proceeding. Similar afitiMrhss,- it 1e understood, -been-taken by the Governments . of New gouth Walesf and South Australia. - " - \ F , , . The Sydney Morning JSeraid states' that it is one of the appointed duties of thai staff of HALS. , ChaHenger to make, duringher lorthcomihg voyage between Pott Jackson ami inAlant a connected seririi of ideepea Eonndings. srith a view to ascer taining the condition and formation of the bottom of the ocean lying between the phbres of Easfrin Australia and New Zealahd. "This will1 be "done under the spedaLdirectiori department of fee Adimrrity — the object of each 4-csrefal tine of examination being to ascertain as : far as possible what are likely th be the material difficulties to be snrmonnted m the faying-dbwn ot: the. proposed New Zealand, cable: : -Sbonld the kingdom of Fiji be annexed, the next tine will per- i haps he to Leruka. It is extremely likely what: intervening difficulties will-be-met with-of a rather and that the -sea between the': cossf or New South -vraies' and Nfew -Zealand will be'foimd to he of an unusual depth. This has berii antidpated by some of the staff of the Chal- hteger, not only from what has long teen known) of the conformation of islands lyingroff our coast, canse Qf l116 Ter£ great depth Of water Which has been found in its vicinity. When-ihe ptmrenger.was recently coming round from Mcl- teunK to Sydney she soonded Rafter passing- through Bass' Struts) atahont ten unites from tlie hmd, and only fonnd bottom At "2200 fathoms. This, comrimng the distance frqmUnd, was an J6-' 1188 .? rhonght -to isaggSst ontetoinakewieh soundings as will give them a. good geo ete! Idea rf'the form of the sea-bottran a straight line between UOs and New Zealand. The "Hydra" somtdihg apparatus is probsbly that which will be used. 