:Weslyayiu Chui-ch, -Wallsend.a ON Sunlday last the anniversary sermons in connection with this church were preached suorning, .afternoon, and evening-by til, Itev. J. H. (Jald, of Newcantle, to large con gregations. On the. Tuesday following the suall tea-meeting took place, and after the tables had been cleared, the- public meeting was heldi presided_ over by-J . 'Y. eilson, Esq. The CunAitniA expressed his. pleasure at thle satisfactory state of the. church and its finances generally, and:. allndled: briefly to the success of the present anniversary.. He then called upon thie chapeal steward to read his anuial st-atemet.ea . iev. Mr. Mc?loKowN said -he hnd been re quested by the secretary (Mr. Turnbull) to, read the annual report: for them. 't was very encouraging, and shicwed the church to be in.the.satisfnetory state that all churches aihued at, viz.-out of dlebt. -lr. RI. YoULL then addr'essed the meeting, and expressed the pileasure he felt at being again amongst tlhem. At their last nnili vcrsary they had cleared'the debt of £55 off the church, and this left them unitibarrassed, so that they were now freeo He liked social gatheringes like these, for they terided to establishl a mntual good feeling between them, as they all belon~oed to one graid brotherhood, and aspired to one hieavei ;. aiid if there was anything that cchiimedl our atten ti'on, it was religion. -uL a great deal more reliriGaon was waunted,--iu the houses nnd the families, as well as in the church. .If thelre was more religion in the hinmes there would not be so much Sabbath desecration. He urged upon mothers to give their children a good tra:ning, and instil right principles in o their minds, '3rhioh :wvould have tlheir effect uIpon the little ois, ind the parents would have their reward,-porhaps in this world, bnt certainly in . thle next. Religion was everything in this life--overything for the youmg and also the old. The speaker . here recited several 'most interestiing anecdotes, and urged upon them to be more earnest, for. they had something to be earnest habout,iand they had-God on their side anid truthm, so that they shonld aim at the conversion of souls, and we could realize the same advantage as our tforefathers if we -liked,--and. this whas the great work -of Methodists and of the church. - Mr. W. Ll?nSLv said he had not come with the intentiin of addressing tliem, but he willingly complied, as he considered it a duty devolving upon him. A thought had just struck him with reference to the word " debt." Something had been said-about Methodists being in debt, and he had the impression that every christian was in debt, and to three per sons, viz.-the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Seome might ask the question how they were indebted to these? IBut when we considered the blessings we received, we must nacknow ledge that we were indebted to God- for all temporal mercies, and ito the Lord Jesus Christ, who died to redleem our souls, for it was by His itripes that we were healed. Mr. W. WiLLis said, it afforded him much pleasure at being there. Great credit was due to them who had so successfully achieved the great .work of getting the church out of debt, but there was still a great work to be done, and the Holy Scriptures said, men were designed by' God to be operative, for man worked in the garden of Eden. We lived in stirring times, and if we looked around we would see that a great many organs were at'work around us, and he thought the world would assume a far different aspect if men were regulhted by the word of God, for there was a power in the gospel which would con quor all the machinations of the evil one. fHe alluded to what he statell was the alarm ing spread of infidelity, and he prayed that it would be stayed before it got too far, and if the young men of the present day studied the Bible, it would be to their advantage in this life and thhat which was to come. Rev. Mr. M'Kmcown said it was with very great pleasure that he rose to address the audience, for they hid something to congratu late themselves upon that night, for in addi tion to being out of debt their members had increased, and the attendance on the Sabbath likewise, and he trusted they were doing some thing to forward the cause of Christ. He had lately thought very much about the" position of Christian churches at the present day, and the religious world had lately been stirred to its very centres', by the admission of religion and the Word of God into China, Italy, and other places, and we must feel convinced that God was effecting a great work and that we saw only the beginning of it ; and, as indi viduals banded together, we might do a great deal in this work. .The matter of revivals were now creating great interest at home, ind oie wanted to consecrate ourselves more to God than we had. The religion of Christ was essentially self-denial, and me must deny ourselves in many respects, for hlie thought many of them did not do so as they should, and attend the house of God more regularly. Regarding infidelity, he did not think any thing new could be adduced in this respect, for every argument brought forward had been repelled; and if they1 as Christians, sought to live as they should, they would do a great deal to check infidelity. They all had their duty to each and God to fulfil, anid he trusted they would fulfil it faithfully and well. The . Votcs of tihanis were then accorded to the ladies,'on the motion of Mr. A. Ross; to the speonlrers, on thoe?notion of Mr. TarUEODYr; to the Chlira!ini, on the motion of the l1ev.I Mr..M'KIEOWN;. nud to the Press, on the motion of Mr..Truebody, and the proceedings terminaitod. 