GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. ! THE following notices appear In yesterday's Oaietui ATTOIKTMBMTS.-Harri« Woo«, Esq., tm be Undersecretary for Miner. - 1 Punxio SCHOOL BOABDS -The fellowing ar« the names sr gentlemen appointed to form tb» publlo school board st Nerta Wolumla : Messrs. John Davis, Riobard Haid, Jame* Moorhead, and Charles Tarlta* Btiles; and the following-are the names of gentlemen appointed additional members .f the publie school boards sf the publie sohoals established at the pisces specified in connec- tion with their names : Albnry-Messrs. Barnool Fry Blackmore, George Touober Heming, John Walser Jones, John Blaekie, and James Higgins. Bummerland Messrs. :Magnus 'thompson. Samuel Coward Burntt, and William Brown. Eglinton-Mr. John Young. Coonamble -Henry Burgoyne Torakina, Esq., J.P. -, APPOIXTMK.TT OF THHSTKES_Mr. William Charles King, to be trustee of the land at Kiama, set apart as altes Xor a Churoh of England church and parsonage, in the room or Mr. Alexander King, deceased ; Messrs. John White, James Perry, and William Dent, senior, to be trustée» ti the pa-rtlen of the general cemetery at Bombala, set apurt as a Wesleyan burial-ground ; Mr. Robert Stevenson, to ne trustee or tue portion of the gonerul cemetery at Cowra, set apart as a Presbyterian burial-ground. FORFEITED CoXDinoKAL PDBCIUBES.-The following mentioned portions of Crown landa, conditionally purchased, having by the non-residence of tim purchasers or their legat alienees on the original selections been abandoned within tin meaning of the Crown Lands Alienation Act, the same are hereby declared forfeited : Margaret Daly, Warialda, «0a ; Edward Allan Markey. Wagga Wogga, 320a ; Annie Bryce Phillips, Warialda, 880a ; Joseph Bohalk, Murrurundi, SOa ; Henry Tal bett, Balranald, 320a. DiBHUSJts m BilEKP ACT OT 1888 -The sheepnwnerB, com- petent to vote for tile election of directors for the sheep dis- trict of Young, are requested, in terms of section lor the abovenained Act, to meet at the court-house. Young, on Thursday, the SUI October next.lat ia o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a Bheep director in tho room of Willlatn Allen, Eiq.. of Geralda, who haslett the district. POST-OFFICE MOS«Y-OKDKK».-lt ls notilled for general in- formation that the Money-order Office at Chamber s Oreek has been abolished. DismiCT COURT.-A District Court will be holden in tbs court house Penrith, on Thursday, 22nd October. KKOISTKAR OF THE COUBT OF BEQUESTS.-Miohael Fagan, senior-constable of uolloeand noting olerk of Petty Bosaions at Oberon, bas been appointed Registrar of the Court of Be- quests at the same place. _ : Tile amount of gold received into tho Sydney Branch the Royal Mint for the purpose of coinage during the w ending Frlduy, 18th September, 1874, wu 8374 ou. ' [ amount of ' coln Issued during same period was 48, sovereigns, Hy the western escort to lstn September, ll : the following was received, vic, from [ ozs, dwts. grs. Sofala ... ... 884 IB 9 ' Bathurst... ... 358 10 lil Hargraves ... 143 1 0 Tambaroora .. 443 17 10 Mudgee .. ... 294 14 6 Gulgong .. ... 3482 4 18 Orango ... ... 705 18 14 Stoney Creek ... 417 9 8 Total... " 6808 6 0 The steamer Kembla, a regular trader betwe Sydney and Newcastle, was. fo.und to be on sha in the harbour early yesterday. : Thé vessel w making the passage frons Newcastle, and wh passing Long Reef ' a fog came on, and g thicker as the ship came up to. the Heads S a.m. The Hornby light was quito obscure hut the South Reef light was seen, and the sh passed close to tile floating light, with the engin going quito slow. A course was steered so as , take the ship clear of Bradley's Head, but at 5.: a.m., she touched, and remained f aBt on the shel ing rocks that run out to the eastward ; i Bradley's Head, lt was nearly low water atti time. The steamer Mystery called alongside i 0 a.m., and offered to render assistance : towing her off, but it was ; thougl imprudent to do so till the tide began to flow. Ti steamer Prineo Alfred, from Manly Beach, brougl all th e passengers on to Sydney, it was found thi the Kembla had taken the ground just forward < the paddle wheols, and was in deep water forwnr and aft. At 10 o'clock the ship floated off withot having sustained any damage whatever, and st was enabled to keep her time, and left on her ri turn trip for Newcastle at 1 p.m. A flockmaster in this neighbourhood informs ii (forbes Time») that from one flock of a thousand ewe be has an increase of one thousand and twenty lam! this year. He states that the owes look in first-ral buckle, nnd nro well able to rear twins. The order of service for next Sunday afternoon at St. Andrew's Cathedral is as follows; "Magnifi- cat," Arnold, in A ; "Nunc Dimittis," Latrobe, in D ; Anthem, "O Holy Ghost," by G. A. Macfarren. Mon day being the festival of St. Matthew, there will be an evening service at the Cathedral, when the choir will give R. A. Smith's fine anthem, How beautiful upon the mountain," the services being Kempton's in B flat. The vacancy caused hy the death of Mr. R, I O won, solicitor in tho Supreme Court odióos, has beo filled by tho appointment of Mr. T. M. Slattery to th vacant office of chief derk. Mr. O. J. BUTOB has bee removed from the Equity department'and placed, i Mr. Slat tory's late office of third clerk. Mr. rei BS : Rainford is promoted to Mr. Burne's position in th I Equity department.. A passenger by Cobb's coach, from Echuca t Deniliquin, on Thursday last, reckoned thirty-ssve drays on their way to Eohuon with wool, ohiefly draw by . horses. Allowing each-dray to contain only fou tons, there must (says the Pastoral Times) have bee 148 tons of wool between the towns named. "Wooli now reaobing Deniliquin in large quantities. Th roads being in good order and the weather agreeable great progress ls made in getting the wool to Echuca. Tun PISH MAUKKT.-As some misapprehoneioi bas arisen, owing to n paragraph which nppoared in i recent issue, anent tho opening of tho Eastern Markets Woolloomooloo, we aro requested by Mr. Inapeoto Seymour to state that tho markets will bo open for thi reception and sole of fish on to-night only, am not on other following Saturday nights, as generally supposed. Tho fish market will bo open on thi evening, for the oxpress purpose of obliging th Jewish portion of the community, who will fast ol Sunday and Monday noxt. » As the Manly Beach steamer, Royal Alfrod, wai coming up tho harbour, yesterday, with-her owj and the Kombla's passongors, tho smnll steamar, Sil Charles Cowper, was mot nonr Pinchgut, in distross Tho. little vasse! had carried away her food-pipe, and wai helpless. Sho was on hor passago from Watson'i Bay to Sydnoy. Her passengers wore taken on hoare tho Royal Alfred, and tho disnblod steamer WOB subso quently towed to tho Ciroular Quay. At a special meeting of subscribers to the Bur- rangong Pastoral and Agricultural Association, for thi purpose of considering the advisability of altoring th« dato of the annual show, tho following resolution wai carried : "That the noxt oxblbition of tho Burran- gong Pastoral nnd Agricultural Association be held during tho .week of tho annual race meeting, nnd alsc that the show of sheep be held at suoh a period as will bo best suitod to thoso classes,'viz., in tho month ol August." Mr. AV. Allan, late of Goraldra, who is about to loavo tho district, and who at tho mooting was described as tho originator of tho association, was mado a lifo member of it. On Monday ovonlng ho was entertained nt a public dinner. The " Wandering Heir" has had a run nt th* Vic- toria Theatre unprecedented in these times, when a piece usually occupies the boord for two nights at tho i urthest. It is not only a pleading play, apart from Its incomprehensibility, but It is mounted well, and the Boonery is excellent. The view of Dublin, in the first act, when tba hoir is abducted and carried «ff in a boat on tho river Liffey, is botter painted than moBt pano- ramic - scones, ana the dioratnlo effects aro excellent. The, willow pond, too, in the third not, is an exquisite Ïiieco of soene painting, and does Mr. Sotwright nfinlto eredit. Tue sot Boones reflect credit also on the painter and meohanist alike. Tho acting throughout is capital, and altogotber the pieoo is as well produced as it is popular. It will be repeated to-night, and on Monday Miss Howard takes hor benefit, when tho third not of the Wandering Hoir, in which tho planta- tion melody occurs, will bo givon, nnd a now comedy called tho "Soldier's Daughter," in willoh tho fair benoflola.ro plays tho part of tho Widow Ohcorly. AB tho new postofflee-wUl be opened ina few days for Konorol hushios», n, description of tho position of tho different boxes for letters, newspapers, icc, may firova y convenience to tho publlo. Commencing with ho Gooreo-straot corner of, tho new stroot loading to Pltt-atroot, ; the first two windows aro sot npart for tho prlvato box delivery of letters ; thon n placo for general nowspnpor delivory. Tho next three windows aro'for tho sonernl delivery of letters, and aro markotl alphabetically. - Thon oomos tho Inquiry oUioo nnd solo of stamps window, the registered lottor oflloo, and book and parcels rocelving boxes. After this, tho nowspnpor posting . boxes for town, noun+ry, and boyond tho colony ; tbon tho boxos for posting lot tors for town, country( and boyond tho colony ; noxt, for lottors for the United Kingdom, with scpnrnto boxes for via Brindisi, Southampton, and via California ; and tbs last window nearest Fitt-stroot is tho dend-lottor office. Fronting Goorgo- stroot is tho official nnd roglstercd lottor dopartniont. On tho right ls thc tele- graph recolving olDoo, nnil tho Inst door towards King street ls the monoy-ortlor and post-ollico savings hunk dopartniont. OIOBO to tho last, mentioned door will bo found tho shipping intolligouco nnd wind and weather roports, posted on a now and hnndtomo ornamental board, containing on tho shipping portion of it tho names of »ovontoou stations in Now South Widos, fivo stations in Victoria, five in South Australia, and sovon tn Queensland, UosidoB tba wind und weather roports from all tho principal stations of the dUfTaront colonies, thero ia a placo ullottod for storm signal and a Urge space for a weather chart af New South Wales. 