The Rose of Tuoloumne. A STORY OF CALIFORNIA LIFE, by BRET HARTE. [From the "New York Tribune."] Chapter I. It was nearly 2 o'clock in the morning. The lights were out in Robinson's Hall, whom there had been dancing and revelry, and the moon, rising high, painted the black windows with silver. The cavalcade that an hour ago had shocked the sedate pines witk song and laughter was all dispersed. One enamoured swain had ridden east, another west, another north, another south, and the object of their adoration, left within her bower at Chemisal Ridge, was calmly going to bed. I regret that I am not able to indicate the exact stage of that process. Two chairs were already filled with delicate enwrappings and white confusion, and the young lady herself, half hidden in the silky threads of her yellow hair, had at one time borne a faint resemblance to a partly-husked ear of Indian corn. But she was now clothed in that one long, formless gar- ment that makes all women equal, and the round shoulders and neat waist that an hour ago had been so fatal to the peace of mind of Four Forks had utterly disappeared. The face above it was very pretty ; the foot below, albeit shapely, was not small. "The flowers, as a general thing, don't raise their heads much to look after me," she had said, with superb frankness, to one of her lovers. The expression of "The Rose" to-night was contentedly placid. She walked slowly to the window, and making the smallest possibIe peep- hole through the curtain, looked out. The motionless figure of a horseman still lingered on the road, with an excess of devotion that only a coquette or a woman very much in love could tolerate. "The Rose" at that moment was neither, and after a reasonable pause turned away, saying, quite audibly, that it was "too ridiculous for anything." As she came back to her dressing- table it was noticeable that she walked steadily and erect, without that slight affectation of lameness common to people with whom bare feet are only an episode. Indeed, it was only four years ago that, without shoes or stockings, a long- limbed, colty girl, in a waistless calico gown, she had leaped from the tail-board of her father's emigrant waggon, when it first drew up at Chemisal Ridge. Certain wild habits of the Rose had outlived transplanting and cultivation. A knock at the door surprised her. In another moment she had leaped into bed, and, with darkly frowning eyes, from its secure recesses, de- manded "Who's there !" An apologetic murmur on the other side of the door was the response. "Why—father—is that you ?" There were further murmurs, affirmative, de- precatory, and persistent. "Wait," said the Rose. She got up, unlocked the door, leaped nimbly into bed again, and said, "Come." The door opened timidly. The broad, stoop- ing shoulders and grizzled head of a man past the middle age appeared; after a moment's hesi- tation a pair of large diffident feet shod in canvas slippers concluded to follow. When the appa- rition was clomplete it closed the door softly, and stood there—a very sly ghost indeed, with appa- rently more than the usual spiritual indisposition to begin a conversation. The Rose resented this impatiently, though I fear not altogether in- teligibly. "Do, father, I declare ! " "You was abed, Jinny ¡" said Mr. M'Closky, slowly, ghnemg with a Miigulni nuxtuio of masculine iwe mid internal pudo upon the two chalis mid then contents " A on vv is abul and oiulie-joel?" " Inn ' "Suie!},' sud Mi At'Closkj, seating himself on the extiiino edgo of the bid, mil putifull} tucking his fiet awny undci it, "sintly ' Aftci a piuse ho itibbul a ^hoit, timk, stump} bend, that boie » gcnei ii i esunklniico to a bid!} ii oin blacking blush, with the pilm of his li md, and went on-" \ou lind i good time, Juiiij ' "Yo«, fatlici " T'liej was all tlieio'" " Y'os, 11 meo and Yoi! and l!}dei and Tink "And Jick1 Mt AlCloskj enden01 ed lo Uno« an e\pt ession of aich eiiquny mlo Ins small, ti ciiiuloiiB ej es.but inciting the mi ibislnd, «ulel} opmed lids of Ins duightei, ho w tukul mpidly and Unshed to tin loots cf his lum "Yes, Tack was thin», sud Ttini}, without change of oloi in the lonst sob consciousiicos in hoi gmt gin} eje», " mil he tamo home willi me ' Ship mied i moment, locking hei two li mils mulei hoi Reid, mid ¡«sinning n molo comfoitable position on the pillow "He naked me that (.anio question again, fatliei, and I sud ' A'e- It s to be- soon A\ e io going to Ino it I oin 1 oiks, m Ins own house, anti next wiutu »tie going to Sicrnnieiito I supposo its all light, f ithei, ohl She omplnsiseil tho question with a slight kiik tin ough tho bed el ithos, as the pmeiitil At'Clo-ky hld fallen into in abstiact i ei one "Y'es, siuclj,' «nul Ah At'Closkj, locovoiing himself with some confusion Aftei a paust lio looked down at tho be 1 dollies, mid, pitting them tenthill}, continued ' Ami couliln t have done bettei, Iinny Thij un t a guluiTuo himno e/ could stnko it ns nell i/ jon liov - oven if they got ftie chanco He pinset! again, mil then sud, " linn} " " A es, fatliei ' " You so m boil, and omhessed " " Yes ' " You couldn't," smd Ali At'Closkj, glancing liopole-slj at the two cb tus, md slow!j nibbing his elim, "jon loiildn t durajouisolf ngun tould ju ' "A\hj, fatliei ?" "-lvmilu got j omach into them things agin?' ho added, hastil} "Not nil of 'em, jon know, but some of 'oui Not if I helped j ni ? -sot tei stood bj, mid lent a li md now nul then with a stuip, oi abuckle, oi a neck-tic, oi aslioo stung, ' ho continued, still looking it the than 3, and eiiiltntlj ti} mg to bold!} familiali»o linn self with thou contents "Aie jon u i/y, fatliei? demmded lonnj, suddenlj nilling up, with n pot teutons switch of liol jollnw inane Ali Al C1 «Icy tubbed otto side of his bond, winch ah cul} bid thonppiu unco of liming been quilo wôinawiybj that piocess, and fuutlj ilogcd tho question "Juittj, ho smd, tendcilj sttokmg lliobid clothes as ho spoke, "tins jei's whits tho mittei Um in a stiiuigii down Binns-i sti nigel to jon lovoj, but i man c/ T vo I tumut n long tune Hu's been hilo about au horn, and hell bo hoio ontil fowoi o cluck, when tho up stugo pieBis Now, I wants yo, 7mil} dm, to gut up mil omo down stitts md ktitdut help nie pass tho lime willi linn lis no uso, Tinii), ' ho «till on, gontl} laisinglus hind to depitcato mi} intiiitipti in, "ttsiioiisi-ho wont goto Ltd1 Ho won't pla} kceuls, wliml} donltiiko on elicit on lum Lvei »meo 1 know ed linn bo wes tho most onsntmfnotoiy cuttci lo hov lound - "AVhal do jon liivo lum lound foi, thou Í ' liiteiiupled Miss Tenu}, sliuplj JL At Clo-,1 y'fa e} es full " If ho tiedn't kein out of Ins w 1} to nijit lu do me ti gool linn, I wouldntask }o, Tutu} I w juldn I, so help ino I Hut I Ihouglit o/I touldn't do anjllinig willi linn, J ii might comodónn nndsailu fetch lum, lum}, is jon did the othiis ' "Whs Itimy shiuggid liol putty shouldim " Is hu old ot j oiuiL, ' " Ho s jotttig enough, Juin}, but ho knows n powoi of things " " Whit dots he do t ' "Nit ninth, I leckon Ifo's got m moy ni tho null at I otu Folks lTotiavclsioundiigood dell liohenid, lunij, Hut lie's ii pout-willes them ihjinis, }ou know ' Mi M'Closlty lit m nppc didsubiiiisstx c1} Imldlicetl} tolilsilaughtei lie icinouibeicd Hut sho hld fiequoiitlj bun in leccipt of pun ted elegiac couplets known as " motlois, ontaiiiiiigiiiilosutos equally s teilta uno Miss fonii} shghtlj itiiled hoi pi olly lip Slit had Hut fine tontoinpt foi the allusions of fmit} «Illili belongs lo tile poifoellj hoilthy young umiinl "Not, continued Alt At'Closkj, itibbnig Ins head lellectnoly, "not a/ I advise yo, lonny, to say inythmg to him about pcolij II am t twenty minutes ngo i/ I did I sot the «Insl y afoio linn m tho pniloi I wound up Iho musie box md Hot it gom' 1 heil I se/ to linn, sociable like and ftoo, 'Jost coumtloi yoiusilf m j otu own hotiso, and îopoit what you ulbw ti bo join finest pioduetion,' md lie i iged 'Hint mm, Jinny, jest ia0td Thai s no end of the mines tie calleil mo A'ou seo, Iinny, con- tinued Ali At'Closkj, apologelicill}, "ho s known me a long time " Bul Ins diiughtoi had ali only dismissed tho question with hoi usual ihiecbi>nn "111 bo down m a few moment", fitliei, ' silo saul, aftci a pnust, "but don tsiy an}thing to lum ibout it-don t saj I w as uhtd Mi Al Closky's faio huuned " Yo» wns illem i giod gul, Illili} he mid, dumping on olio knie tho bettei to nnpmt a lcspiitful kiss on lui f irehe id , bul Jinny caught hutt by the w i ibis, mid foi a moment held lum lupine "lathii, saul slio, tijing to fixlusshy eyes willi tilt deal, steady glume of hoi own, ' all tho gula that weie there to night bad some odo willi them Alamo Robinson bid bei aunt, Lucj Ranee hld bel niothti, kilto Fioison hid liol sistet -til except ino hid some othei worn m Fatliei' din," hu tip tumbled just a billi, " I wish niothei liidii't ililli when I was so small I wish time w is nonio othei worn m in the family bísales mp I in» t loncl} with you, filher, dial , but if thcio wa» only some one, jou know, when tho tuno comes foi John and me Hei ioho hue smldenlj give out, but not hei bimc oyis, tint «eiu still fixed euncstly upon his fine Mi AFClosky n,>pai cutty tracing out a pittein on the bid quilt, ess i}ed words of i comfoi t "lime ain't ono of them gals c/ you've mined, lenii}, t/ could do w lint j on va done, I with n whole Ii oak s Alk of i elation» at tlioir backs 1 T hero ain't ono e/ wouldn't sict iflto hei neil est lol ition to mike tho stnko that you hev E/ to motiléis, ma}bo, my dem, youro dom' hcttn without ono' Ko ioho suddinly and w liked tow aids tho dmi AYhen lio nithed it he turne 1, md, ni his old deprecating walinu, pud, "Don the long, Iinny," smiled and mushed fiom tho heul downwaid, Ins canvas slippers asserting thorn selves to the 1 ist AA'ltiii Mi M'Closky ¡eichod Ins pnilor ignm his tioublesome guest w is not then 'The de cautei (.too 1 on tho tibio untouched, thrco oi foin books lay upon the floor, a munker of pho- tographic views of Iho Sierras wero Bcitteied omi the soft, two sofa pillow s, a nowspapci, and a Mexican blanket lay on the cal pet as if tho late occupant of the room bid tnel to riad m i îecurabent pontt in A 7. tenth window, opening upon n vernndah, which never before in the histoiy of the house h«A been iiiifistend, nowbetia}ed by its «aims lace curtain tliewny that the fugitive hid escaped Mr M'Closky heaved a sigli of despiir , lie looked at the goigeous carpet purchased in Sacruninto at a fabulous price, at tho crimson s iti nandi ose wood furmtiuo unparalleled in the history of Tuo lttmno, at the missivily framed pictures on the .walls, and looked bejond it, through the open window to the reckless min who, Hieing these sybinto allurements, was smoking a cigar upon the moonlit road Tins room, winch lind so often awed the jouth of Tuolumno into filial respect, was evidontly a failure It remained to be seen if tho Rose hcrstlf liad lost her fragrance "I reckon Jinn} will fetch hun }et," said Mr Jt'Clo'ky, with parontal faith Ho stepped from the window upon the verandah But lie bid scarcely dono this before hw figure was detened by the stranger, who at bick [ once ci > sed the load YVhen within a few feet of MCloilj he stojiped 'You jiei-intent old pfmtigt ide, he -aid, in n low voice, audible only to tho poison addics=cd, and a face full of aftccte I anxittv, " vv hy don t j on go to bed ? Didu 11 ¿oil jon to go and le ive me hero alone ? In the nairitf of all that s idiotic md imbecile, vv hy do } on ccntume to sltullle about hoi e ? Oi me jon tijing to dine mc cia/y with joui l>ie=cnco, asjott Tme with tit it r-retched mti«ic box tint lvo just diopitd under yondet tico ' Its vu hoiu and a hilf jet before the stnt,c jitsses, do jon tlimlc, do Jon inir'giuo foi a .-ingle inonicnt, that I can tolotate yoft until then-oh Í YMiy don t you sjieuk ? Are jon i«leep i You don't mean to say tint jon flavo tho and lot) londd somnambulism toyoiirolliei wcikncssas, jon io not low enough* to icpoat join-self mulei any Mich weak juotext is that- ch / ' A fit of tteivovis coughing ended tins cvlia oidniuj exoidmin, and li df sitting, li vlf le ming against tho venudah, Mi M'Closhj's guest tin ned his ftee, and pint of n slight, eltymt fuuto lovvmils his host Hie lowtt jiottnnof this uptiuned fuco vvoioan habitud evpiosston of f istidiotis discontent, with an occasional lme of jib} Meal sullei m¿ Rut tito bl ovv above was finiik and eiiticvl, md ii j in of dink mutliful eyes silt III jil ij ful nidgiuiiit ovei the siuict sensitivo mouth und its suggestion "I illowed to go to bed, Ittdgevv ly, said Alt M'Closky, meekly, " but ni} gul lumy y jistgot bick ft oin a little ten up at Robinson s, and ault inclined to ttiin til yet You know what gula is So I thought wt tinco would jist have ti soenl chat togothei to piss ivvay tho tuno'' " You tuend itious old hy poci tto , she g it 1 in boin ago,' said lindow ty, " as th it F iv ico looking tatnt of hem, who lins been haunting the house ovei since-, cm tistifv Aly bolu.fi«, that hko an oiitcijnistng idiot as you ne, you ve dinged that gul out of hoi bed that we might nititiiilly- boio etch otliet " Mt YI'Cli si y vv es too much stunned hy this ovidencoof liidgowa} s appuontl} siijioiliiitniiii jienotration to tcrdy After enjoying his hosts confusion foi n moment with his eyes, Ritl{,e vva} s mouth asked gi nul} "And who is tins gul, mi}way '" " Nnnty s " \oui wife s ?" " A'ts, but look }ai,l!nlg wa}, ' said M'Closky, li}tug (tto hand unpliimgl} on liidgowa} s sleeve, "not n wold about hei to Tinny She thinks hot motlici s dead-died in Ylis«oun Eh '" llid^oHiij neill} lolltdfiom tho veiimlth in mi excess of ince " Good God ! Do jon mean to si} that jon havo leon concealing fiom hot n f tet thal aiij du}, itnj moment, m iy como to hot cirs? Unit you \o been letting bet um up ni iguoi unto of something that by tins tune sho might imvooutgiown and fugotteii / I hit you hnvobcui bl o ibesottidild iss, nil tlnsiijinis slowly foiling i Ihundeihilt that any one may eiush hei witli» 'Hint - but lu io lltilgewaj's cough took possession of lu« volte, and eiett put a moistino into Ins dink eyes, ns ho lui led it M'Chslys nimless hand feebly employed ujion lim bond " Hut, saul Al'Cb sk}, "lo >k how sho's dono Silo's held bet head tis lu^li as ntl} o( em Shi s 11 bo mauled in a month lo tho itihcsl man in tho eouutiy and, hu added, tiiniiiinjy, " Tvtk Asht ain't tho kind > in ni to bit In and hen au} thing mil if litswifeoi hot i chums, y m bet Hut hush-that s hoi fool on Ibo Htiitts Sites ciiiiiinin ' She cune 1 din t think the 1 lench wuiilow tv ti hold a (ititi now thin when she pul asido tho em tims uid stopped out .Sho lind ihessed beintlC simply um htiiiiilly but with a woman's kiii)wlidc,o of lui best punts, so tint} ni got tile long times 3f liol shi|tl} limbs, the slim tot emvts of liol lound vvntst mid sltunliliis, tin 1 jiigKvveepnf hei yelltivv IniuilH, the light of In i blue eyes anil oven lliedelietto i rise of hu com ploxion, witliotit knowing hovv it was doliveitd to von I ho ititioductiim bj Ali M'Gloskj wasbuef YVlion Bulgan iy hid git ivct tho fuel tint it xviis 2 ntl itk m tho mm mug, md tint the check of lins iiioltunno guddesB neuest hutt was as dewy ml fiesli tes au infant s-that she looked hko Ahucíente, witlnmt piobibly evet having henni of Gootliosheioiue, lu talked Idiuosny, acij sensiblj YY'hon Alias fenn}, who flinn liol elnldhood had boon bl ought up tuning tho sons of Antik, and who vvasaetiistonitd tn havu tho supiemic} of oui noblo box piesonted to hoi is t, jihy sie ii fact, found herself m tho pic sonco of ii now tittil stiango powei ni tho blight and oltg mt figuto b side bet, sho was at hist fiightoncil uni cold Hut (miling that tins piiwet, a^mitti vvhteli tho wonpons of liti own pli}Siui! elim ins vveio ot no a^n¡l> was a Kimll¿ oui ill cife, genoinll}, sho fell to woislupping it aftei tho fashion of vvonmn, and tasting lofoie it tho fetiches lind ot!iel idols of hei youth Sliooien eonfosseil to it So Unit in half in boin, Ridge wa} was ni possession of nil tho facts c niicetcd with bet life, md ii y eil tilmy, 1 feat, of hoi fancies-except (ino A\ lion All At'Glosky found tho }ottlig jieoplo thus amicably diKjiused, hu eilmly tient to sleep It w isa pleasant tinto lo cieh lo Miss Toimy it lind tho elini m of novolt}, md sho abandoned hoistlf to it foi that nason much moio ft eely and innocently than bel companion, who knew something moto of tho inevitable loyc of tho position I do not think, how ev oi, lio had any mti tttton of love miking 1 do not think ho was at all conscious of btnij, m the attitude I am ipiilo positive ho would have shiuiikfiom tho suggestion of disloyalty to the one «oman whom ho admitted to himself ho loved lint, hko most poets, ho w tis much moi o ti tie to an ide i than a fact, and, hiving a vtiy lofty conception of womanhood, with n vety sanguine intuit, lie bivv in etch new faco tho possibilities of aioalisi tton of his ide ii It was, pot hips, au un foi tímalo thing foi tho women, piiliculmly ns ho bi olifent to eieh ti ni i Bitipiising fiosbness which wns vety deenptne, mid quito distinct fiom the bl eso fiimiliuily of tho man of gil 1 nilly It was this ¡ititmiiil viiguut} of tho lillietijtis til it most eiuleated him to Hie hist women, who weie pt juc to exeienoliwaidH bun a eliividtoiis jiioltetton-as of otto Ititi} togo isliay unless lookod afttt-and indulged in tho diingeiotts combination of sentiment willi the highest matu nil instincts It was this quality windi caused Jenny to leeogniso in linn a eeituin boyishness th it loiptneil hei womal} cato, and evett induced hei to ollei to nteoinpaii} lum to tho cioss loads when tho timo of hisdepattuto ai rived With hoi Mijiciioi knowledge of wood ciaft and tito locality «ho would havo kept lum ftoin being lost I wot not but that she would havo protected linn fiotu btais or wolves, but cluelly, I think, fiom tho fchno fascinitions of Maine Robinson and I ney Ranee, who might bo lyingin «mt foi this tender young jioi t Noi did clioeenso to bo thankful tint l'tovidoiicohuLsoto speak, delivpied linn as a ti mt into hei hands It was a love!} wcjit Tho moon swung low and liiiiginshcd softly on the snowy migo beyond 1 hero were quaint odmus in tho still nu, and i sinnige incensó fi oin the woods poi finned their joimg blood, mid »cerned to swoon in then pulses Small vvondu tint tiny hngoied on the whilo road, that then feet climbed unwillingly the little lull vvhtro titty vvetc to pirt, md that when thoy at last i cached it, oven tho saving u leo of speech seenitd to hav o forsaken them I or thei e they stood alone 1 horo was no hoiiikI nor motion m cal th, noi woods, noi heav on They miglit havo been the one m in and w oman foi whom tins goodly earth that lay at then fed, uinined with the deepest a/ttrt, was cieated And seeing this, they turned tow tri! mell other with a sudden instinct, and then li mils met, and thon their lips, in one long kiss And then out of the mystenous distance enmo tho sound of voices and the shaipclutter of hoofs I and wheels, and Jonny slid away-n.white moon- beam-from tho lull Tor a moment she glim mead tbiougb tho ti ees, and then, i caching the house, passed her «leepuig father on the vcrand di, and, d innig into her bedroom, locked the door, threw open the window, and filling on her knees beside it, leaned lier hot cheeks upon her hands, and listened In i few moments she was lewsvrded by tho sliarp clattei of hoofs on tho stony road, but it was only a horseman, avhoso dark figure was s vtftly lost in thqshadows of the lower road At another time she might have recogm«ed the man, but her eyes and ears were now ill intent on something else It came pre Bently with dancing lights, a musical rattle of liai nets, a cadeneo of hoof beat«, that set hei heart to beating ni uuison, ami was gone A sudden sonse of loneliness carne over her, and tcais gathered in her sw eet e}es She aro»e and looked «round lier Thero was tho little bed, the drosslng table, the roses that t ' tho had worn lastntght, stül fresh und blooming in the bttle vase. Everytliing was there, bud everytliiïtf ooked «Milgo; the roses should have boen vfSihered, for the party seemed so lons ago ; bhocouifl'hardly i «member when she had worn tins dt ess tklit. lay upon the chair So sho caine back to the wihduw and sank down beside it, with her cheek, a irillo paler, leaning on her hand and lier long biuilli rdaching to tho floor. Hie stars paled slowlj', like her cheek, yet with, cj-es that saw not, fIio still looked from her window for the coming d,rvn. It cunio witli violet deepening into purple, .with purple flushing into rose-, with rose shining into silver, and glowing into goldl The strag- gling lino of black picket-fence Tbelow, that fadeil away willi the stars, caine back with the sun. AVhat was the object moving by filie fence t Jenny raised her head and looked intently. Jfc was a mau endeavoring lo climb the pickets, and. failing backward with each attempt. Suddenly she started to her foot, as if the rosy flushes of tho dniTii hart crimsoned lier from forehead to shoulders ; then she stood white us the- wall, with her hands clapped upon her bosom. Then with a single bound she reached the floor, and with Hying braids and fluttering skirts, sprang down the stairs and out into the gai den walk. AVhen within a few feet-of the fence she uttered :i cry-tho first she lind given-the cry of a mother over ii stricken lube, of a tigioss over ' her mangled cub, and in another moment sha had leaped tbo fenco and knelt beside Ridgeway, willi his fainting head upon lier breast. " ,AIy hoy-my poor, poor boy ! w ho has dono, this !" AVho indeed ? 7Iis clothes were covered vvitk dust, his waistcoat was lorn open, and his hand- kerchief, wet with the blood it could not stanch, fell from a cruel slab beneath his shoulder. " Ridgeway I'-ray poor boy-tell mo what has happened," Ridgeway slowly opened his heavy blue-veined lids, and gazed upon her. Presently a gleam o£ Mischief carno into his dark eyes, a sinilo stole over ln's ups, as ho whispered slowly : "It-was-your hin-did it-Jenny,dear? I had forgotton-how high-priced-the article was lion-. Never mind Jenny !"-he feebly raised lior hand to his while- lips-" it was-worth it," and fainted away. Jenny started to her feet, and looked wildly around her. Thou with a sudden resolution, she stooped over tho insensible muli, and with one «hong effort lifted Ililli in her arms as if ha lind been a child. AVhen her father, a moment latter, rubbed his oyes and awoke from his sleep upon tho vor.mdnli, it was to see a goddess erect and triumphant, striding towards the liouso with tho helpless body of a mau lying across that brennt where niau lind never Iain boforc-a goddess nt whoso importons mnndatu ho arose iind'i'iifll open tho doors before- her. And then when silo had laid her unconscious burden on tho sofn, tho goddess fled, and n woman, helpless and trembling stood before him- it woman that cried out (hat sho had "killed him "-that sho was " wicked I wicked !" and Unit, even saying so, staggered und full bosidu her Into burden. And nil that ATr, M 'Closky roiild do was to feebly rub his beard, and say lo himself, vaguely and in cohurontly, that " Jenny had fetched him." N.M'OU'.iin 'nu: Tiimn's Boviionn.-T wies sit- ing on an autumn day, looking out from ti room under t'lincc Louis' windows, cooling my thirst willi a famous hunch of the Fontainebleau, grapes that uro still tenderly cultivated in the ' Arenenlierg conservatories, when I entered into cvniremitioit with 1'ViU Ricketibacli, tho servant of Queen 1 Tortc'iine, who remained at tho Aranon» berg fiom the limo of its purchase, till after the (,'iiuun'n death, when hu became raitt ile place to I'rini-o bom's, und was discharged only after tha l'rinco was a prisoner at Hum. " I remember I'riiico Louis from his early boyhood," he said. " Ho was nbi.nl my age. After the Queen bought tho chateau I was employed as n hoy, to carty earth in a boil for this pintean (Iho g.nrdea under tho sa fou Windows). t tilted tho cartu, out of tho hod over my shoulders. This used to iiinuso l'rinco Louis ; and once or twice, wlien I. was about to cast my load, ho pushed mo so tltat - ! rolled over willi it. After ono heavy tumble I cried, und this brought the l'rinco to me at once, with Hint kindness ho always had for us. 'Attend«/ attend»,' ho called to ino in a caressing lono, ' and I will folcli you a good lump of bread.' You may imagine that my tears wore soon dried when ho cunio running out of the house with it. Aliollior day-it wits juara after -I «aw him having ti bille from his window with Homo poor man who had strayed in from the high road. lYeseiill}', for t watched, I mw him quietly drop a pair of boots out to the man, and afterwards ii waistcoat. ile was always like Unit." Another informant au the spot described to mo Mo J vince ruiumlug hums ,."a unoi-nouu on lioi-sobaclc in his shirt alcoves ; hu lind given his coal to a man in rags whom hu had mut on tbo highway.-The Life »f Xapohmi if I. By Blanehard jervohl. TnnTimtbTV Disi'.ur.-The road wo were fol- lowing w.xs broad mid well-beale». Jt was a regular caravan route, and boro many marks of Ibu pnssago of tho Grand Duko Niehohes ; amongst tho rest wera prominent the bodies of . dead camels that lind fallon by tho wayside from o.xhaiislion. An hour's gallop brought us up to my caravan, which w/ih plodding lazily along. It . bad been augmented by the addition of two horse« and a Kirghiz currier, with tbo mail whick. Captain 1 liezing had entrusted to my care. Now wo euler for tho first time that part of the ilcsoii which oll'eis Iho greatest danger to tho traveller, and surrounds bim with tho greatest horrors. The friotidly rivers and the frequent wells and pools of water have boon left bellin J. Yul tho face of the country is fair. Contle ele- vations roll off in ovory direction, covered with masses o£ verdura of a dark rich green, that rival in exuberance Ibu luxuriant caipot of an Ameri- can prairio ; and the sun, binning down from an unclouded sky, turns tbo spots of yellow stiuil, seen hero and there, into patches of glorious. golden light. But all this beauty is deceptive. Thcso gontlo hüls aro only sand, and the verdure «.hielt clothes thom bides hot rocs m great as tliosu covered by tho roses that twinu themselves over sepulchres. Blossoms shoot up, ripen, die, nuil rot in tho course of .a few daj's. The veidttre consists of but a rank soft weed that breaks out into an eruptive kind of flower, which, dropping olf at l!io slightest touch, ennis a most offensive odour. Boiienth the broad leaves link scorpions, tniantuhiB, immense lizards, often live or six feet long, turtles and serpents, mid the putrifymg bodies of dead camels. Once lost in tin's desert ocean, without guide or water, you may wander for days, until jon and your horse «ink exhausted to dio of thiist, with the noxious weed for bed, winding-sheet, and grave.-" Ctimpair/mrit/ on the Onus, and the Fall of Khiva" hy J. A. ilttcO'afutn. Fi.vin« Mi;n.-In default of the stirring events of some former yours, ive hnvo had lo take up'-.' with tho appearance of the comet and the fall of the flying mau. Eight hundred years back, so constant is precedent in our land, a comet and a Hying man wcro brought into close connection with each other ; though, as ' history never exactly repeats itself, tliere were soinc differences of detail in the two stories. Tho Hying man o£ that day was a monk of Malmesbury, iEthohnair by liimie, who studied tho story of Dtodahts till ho look it into his head to rival him. He fastened wings to his builds and feet, lind toole flight from tho top of a tower. For tho space of a furlong, if anybody chooses lo believe it, ho flow, merrily ; but then a strong wind blow bim to tho ground, and lie broke botli his legs. This was in his youth ; in liis old ago ho lived to see Hie comet of 1000, wliich was hold to foretell the Conquest oi England, and he greeted its coming with a prediction of ovil, in which, having learned prudence from his former mis- hap, he took cato not to commit himself to. details. Tho learned in such matters some cca turics hitor, in tho dnys of John Fordun, the. Scottish historian, held that a cornet with rays round its hoad foretold the death ot a king, wtiito a comet with long straggling hair foretold the destruction of a nation. Just now, then, it would seem that thokings.uiay per- sonally sit at ease, and the circumstances of the, time might make us think that the land threatened by the present comet way lx> found among those which Trnve no kings. The fall of the flying man of tho eleventh century was sold to bo owing to his carelessness in providing him. self with wings only and not also with a tail. He must liavo envied the comot of 10C6, which was certainly not locking in that way, any mora than that of 1874. - Neither of them could be- spoken o£, as au intermediato oee oncç irreve- rently was, as " a Alttnx comet," which-one , blushes to record tho pun-could not ' a tal« t unfold," and tiiorcfore could not bo looked on oc g I a trustworthy foreteller of things to come. 