CnAiTjcii III.-A NEW FACE. I think it was about a fortnight after that con versation in which my father had expressed his opinion, and given me the mysterious charge about the old oak cabinet in Iiis library as already detailed that I was one night sitting at tho great drawing room window, lost in tho melancholy reveries of night, and in admiration of tho moonlighted scene. I was the only occupnnt of the room ; and the lights near the fire, at ita further encl, hardly reached to the window at which I sat. The shorn grass sloped gently downward from the windowstill it mut tho broad level on which stood, in clumps, or solitarily scattered, some of the noblest timber in England'. Hoar in the moon beams stood those graceful trees casting their moveless shadows upon tho grass, and in the back ground crowning the undulations of the distance, in masses, were yuled those woods among which lay tile solitary tomb where the remains of my beloved motlier rested. Tho nir was still. Tho silvery vapour hung serenely on the far horizon, and the frosty stnr's blinked brightly. Every one knows the elt'ect of such a scene on a mind already saddened. Fancies and regrets float mistily in "the drouin, and the scene affects ns with it. strango mixture of memory mid anticipation, like some sweet old air heard in tho distance. As my »'.yes rested on those, to me, funereal but glorious woods, which form tho back ground ol' thu picture, my thoughts recurred to my father's mysterious intimations and the image of the approaching visitor ; and tho thought of tho unknown journey saddenod nie. i In all that concerned his religion, from very early association, there was to me something of the unearthly and spectral. When my denr mamma died I was not nine years old ; and I remember, two days before the funeral, there came toKnowl, where she died, a thin little man, with large black eyes, and a very grave, dark, face. Ho was shut up a good deal with my dear father, who was iu deep ailltction ; and Mrs. Rusk used to say, " It is rather odd to nee him praying with that little scarcecrow from London and'good Mr. Clay ready at call, in tho village; much good that little black whipper-snapper will do him !" With that little black man, on the day after the funeral, I was sent out, for some reason, for a walk ; my governess was ill, 1 know, and thero was con fusion in the house, and I dare say the maids made as much of a holiday as they could. I remember feeling a sort of awe of this little dark man; but I was not afraid of him, for he was gentle, though sad-and seemed kind. He led mo into the garden-the Dutch garden, we used to call it-with a balustrade, aud statues at the farther front, laid out in tho carpet-pattern of brilliantly coloured flowers. We* carno down the broad Hight of Caen stone steps into tins, and we walked in silence to the balustrade. The base was too high at the spot where we reached it for me to see over; but holding my hand, he said, "Look through that, my child. Well, you can't; hut Jean see beyond it-shall I tell you what ? I see ever so much. I see a cottage with a steep roof, that looks like gold in the sunlight; there are tall trees throwing soft shadows round it, and flowering shrubs, Í can't say what, only the colours are beautiful, growing by the walls and windows, and two little children are playing among the stems of the trees, and j we are on our way there, and in a fow minutes shall be under those trees ourselves, and talking to those little children. Yet now to me it is but a picture in my brain, and to you but a story told by me, which you believe. Come, dear; let us be going." So wo descended the steps at tho right, and side by side walked along the grass lane between tall trim walls of evergreens. The way was in deep shadow, for the sun was near the horizon ; but suddenly we turned to the loft, and there wo stood in rich sunlight, among the many objects ho had described. " Is this your little house, my little men ?" he asked of the children-pretty little rosy boys who assented ; and he leaned with his open hand against the stem of one of the trees, and with a grave smile he nodded down to me saying " You see now, and hear, and feel for yourself that both the vision and the story were quite true ; but come on, my dear, we have further to go." And relapsing into silence we had a long ramble through, the wood, the same on which I was now looking in the distance. Every now and then he made me sit down to rest, and he in a musing solemn sort of way would relate some little story, reflecting, even to my mind, a strange suspicion of a spiritual meaning, but different from what honest Mrs. Rusk used to expound to me from the Parables, and, somehow, startling in its very vagueness. Thus entertained, though a little awfully, I accompanied the dark mysterious little "whipper snapper" through the woodland glades. We came, to me quite unexpectedly, in the deep sylvan shadows, upon the grey, pillared temple, four fronted, with a slanting pedestal of lichen stained steps, tho lonely sepulchre in which I had the morning before seen poor mamma laid. At the sight the fountains of my grief re-opened, and I cried bitterly, repeating, " Oh ! mamma, marums, little mamma!" and so went.on weeping and calling wildly on the deaf and silent. There was a stone bench some ten steps away froin tho tomb. " Sit down beside me, my child," said the grave man with the black eyes, very kindly and gently. " Now, what do you seo there ?" ho asked, pointing horizontally with his stick towards the centre of the opposite structure. " Oh, thai-that place where poor mamma is ?" "Yes, a stone wall with pillars, too high for either you or me to see over. But" Here he mentioned a name Avbich I think must have been Swedenborg, from what I after wards learned of his tenets and revelations ; I only know that it sounded to me like tho name of a magician in a fairy tale; I fancied he lived in the wood which surrounded us, and I began to grow frightened as he proceeded. "But Swedenborg sees beyond it, over, and through it, and has told me all that concerns us to know. He says your mamma is not there." "She is taken away!" I cried, starting up, and with streaming eyes, gazing on the building which, though 1 stamped my feet in my distrac tion, I was afraid to approach. " Oh, is mamma taken away ? Where is she ? Where have they brought her to ?" I was uttering unconsciously very nearly the question with which Mary, in the grey of that wondrous morning on which sho stood by tho empty sepulchre, accosted the ligure standing near. "Your mamma is alive, but too far away to seo or hear us ; hut Swedenborg, standing here, causeo and hear her, and tells me all he secs, just as I told you in the garden about tho little boys and the cottage, and tho trees and the Howers which you could not see, but believed in when I told you. So 1 can tell you now as I did then ; and as we are both, I hope, walking on to the same place, just as we did to tho treca and cottage, you will surely}) seo with your own eyes how true is the description which I gave you." I was very much frightened, but 1 feared that when he had done his narrative wo were to walk on through tho wood into that place of wonders and of shadows where tho dead were visible. ¡j§IIo leaned his elbow on his knee, and his fore head on his hand, which shaded his downcast eyes, and in that attitude described to me a beautiful landscape, radiant with a wondrous light, in which, rejoicing, my mother moved along an airy path, ascending among mountains of fantastic height, and peaks, melting in celes tial colouring into tho air, and peopled with human beings translated into the same image, beauty, and splendour. And when he had ended his ¡relation, he rose, tonk my hand . I and smiling gently down on my pale, wonder I ing face, ho said the same words he had spoken ? before " Come, dear, let us be going." " Oil ! no," no, no-not now," I said, resisting, and very much frightened. " Home, I mean, dear. "We cannot walk to the lilaco I have described. We can only reach it through the gate of death, to which wo aro all tending, young and old, with sure steps." " And where is the gate of death ?" I asked in a sort of whisper, us we walked' together, holding his hand very fast, and looking stealthily. Ho smiled sadly and said "Whoa sooner or later, tho time comes, as Hagar's eyes were opened in the wilderness, and she hehofd the fountain of water, so shall each of us see the door open^efore us(iand entor in and be refreshed." For a long time after this walk I was very nervous; the more so for the awful manner in which Mrs. Rusk received my statement-with stern lips and upturned hands and eyes, and an angry expostulation : " I do wonder at you, Mary Quince, letting the child walk into the wood with that limb of darkness. It is a mercy he did not show her the devil, or frighten her out of her senses, in that lonely place !" Of these Swedenborgians, indeed, I know no more than I might learn from good Mrs. Rusk's very inaccurate talk. Two or three of them crossed in the course of my early life, like magic-lantern figures, the disk of my very circumscribed observa tion. All outside was and' is darkness. I once tried to read one of their books upon the future state-Heaven and hell ; but I grew after a day or two so nervous that I laid it aside. It is enough for me to know that their founder either saw or fancied he saw amazing visions, which, so far from superseding, confirmed, and interpreted the language of the Bible ; andas dear papa accepted their ideas I am happy in thinking that they did not conflict with the supreme authority of holy writ. Leaning on my hand, I was now looking upon that solemn wood, white and shadowy in the moonlight, where, for a long time after that ramble with the visionary, I fancied the gate of death, hidden only by,i straugo glamour, and the dazzling land of ghosts, were situate ; and I sup pose these carly associations gave to my reverie I about my father's coming visitor a wilder and sadder tinge. (TO BK CONTINUED.) 