THE VICTORIAN NAVY. In July last, whenCommodore Goodenough, of 11.M.S. l'earl, was oil a vi.-,it' to Melbourne, ho wits requested by His Excellency the Gover nor ntnI by the Treasurer to report upon the efficiency of our Victorian navy. The commo dore acceded to the invitation, and in a letter datcd-the 8th September ho expresses the result of his inspection. After mentioning that he visited the Cerberus and Nelson on the 27th July, lie states that lie found the Nelson to be clean and' well ventilated, and she fulfilled efficiently the purposes for which she \v:ls main tained,; viz., as a school ami gunnery drill ship. Her .appearance was thoroughly creditable |to tile o(Ucer ,in charge. The Cerberus lie also found to be in a thoroughly clean and efficient condition. Every part ot' Iter nun-gear, turret machinery, hull, engines, and boilers appeared to be in thoroughly good order, and the mt'tl itnd ollicers had an efficient knowledge of their exercises ;<nd general duties. Captain Panter informed him (the com modore) that he experienced gi'eiii diffi culty in steering the Cerberus, as she sheered about in an inconvenient and'even unsafe Manlier, Ibis defect the commodore believed might be corrected by the addition of vertical bilge keels, and he had requested the Lords _ Commissioners of the Admiralty to authorise the professional officers of the depart ment of the controller of the navy to suggest a remedy and the mode of its application, as doubtless the same difficulty had been ex perienced with other vessels of Her Majesty's navy. ^ His Excellency, lie stated, had also asked him his opinion ou the mode of maiming the ves sels of the .Victorian navy. The plan at present pursued he understood to be to form a nucleus of thoroughly trained men, who would be reinforced in time of war by a number of a species of marine militia, less thoroughly trained, but.well able to' take the ordinary duty of guns Imme diately, they were called upon, lie thought witliout doubt such to be the correct principle on which to go. The instruction of the officers and men of the permanent force slicinld fie ton-' remittingly pursued, and ample stores should be allowed th'cm to be expended for tlie purposes of instruction, po that the moment it was desired to increase the force at the outbreak of war, every officer.and man would be prepared to take a higher post than he held in peace, and to in struct other men in their duties.—Argus. : , The Ballaral Star understands that in con sequence of the progress of mining at Little Bendigo, the Water Commission have almost decided- upon extending a main in tli^t locality. A good supply of water would be a creut stimulus to mining there, and would materially aid in the development of the quartz reefs in the ranges. We (Star) are informed that as much as .£13,000 has been offered for a half interest in the' Minerva Company at Elaine. Moiib Ticiiborm;.—We ( Walhatla Chronicle) are informed that Mrs. A. M. Alexander of Dry Creek, Red Jacket, whose name frequently cropped up in connection with tlie Ticlibornc es tates, his received by the last English mail photographs of the claimant, which she unhesi tatingly identifies as the lloger Tiehborne she knew in England aiid Australia. She states that although they have imprisoned him and called him Arthur Orton, he is the true heir of Ticli bornc she alleges that is herded amongst felons and convicts. OtmuGE at Ai'ii.— From a private letter re ceivel by the French war steamer Cher, the Syilaeg Hominy llerahl learns that the schooner Zephyr, commanded by Captain Dawson, was attacked by tlie native's of Apii, one of the Navigator Islands. Captain .Dawson's second son, aged seventeen years, and one of the crew, were murdered, and the captain narrowly es caped with his life. The mate of another small vessel was also killed at the same island. He was quite a young man, and had only recently been married to a lady at Adelaide. Kailway Extension.—The Telegraph under stands that Mr. Climie, the. civil engineer, has been engaged to survey the country between Brighton and Schnapper Point, with the view of constructing a single line of railway ou the narrow gauge system between those townships. It is proposed to raise the necessary capital by . organising a public, company under the Limited Liabilities Act, and we hear that there is little doubt of ample funds being forthcoming, as a number of land owners and others interested in the country to lie passed through are most anxious to subscribe. When the entire route is surveyed it is anticipated that about eighty miles of line will be required, and should no serious delay occur in. obtaining the necessary land grants, probably a start will.be made before the end of I ha year. . Anour a Giiost.—Erom time to time we (ShotiUmccn jSrat's) have received startling in telligence from liameraug, anont a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many persons, some of whom are persons not likelv to be carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Kobert Williams, who h is but recently gone to reside at iJamerang, has becu. terrified, his faithful watch dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the appearance of an apparition. . On Tuesday night Williams' family were startled by what seemcd to be a man walking up and- doivu the verandah with heavy nailed boots. The dog, who ap pears to have heard the noise, and, it would seem, also saw the eau-e of it, was rushing about in a must frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the in truder, but linally gave up the contest in sullen silence. Tlie ghost, in defiance of all locks, bolts, and bars, entered the bouse and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed, appa rently in the garb of a bushinan. It went to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and pulled the bed clothes oil" the bed, anil lay down beside Williams, who, however, could feel nothing when he put his hand out to touch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a crosscut saw standing, which it sounded several times as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his famii_v in a terrified state some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that he lias heard and seen this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges ail un believers to go and stop at his house and judge t'or themselves. Other persons,' as we have 'before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman, well kuov.-n in this district,who resided ai one time at Bamerang, saw', or will swear that he saw, a low-set' man, with a manilla hat oil, dressed in moleskin trousers, and a blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bedroom, and when the party referred to attempted io aseertaiu who he was and what he wanted, lie found that the supposed man was only a shadow. it is asserted by the very old . hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered ill the locality many years ago. Fouxd D'howxeu.—The Aryan reports that on Saturday the body of a man known as Old Martin v/as found in the Merri Creek, near Campbelltiold. it is supposed to have been there tor some considerable time, as the body was so decomposed that it was impossible to identity it. The deceased, however, was known by the clothes he wore. Eleven sovereigns and some silver were found in his pockets. The man appears to have committed suicide in a most de termined manner, iiis left hand being tied to his leg by a woolleu comforter. The Oeens and Murray Advertiser writes:— " The Bultalo now presents a iine spectacle. An enormous quantity of snow must have fallen during last week's extremely severe weather, as we do not remember for twenty years to have seen the old mountain with its white nightcap pulled so far down over its face." A bachelor one day stt bis table- in his lonely abode with plates for'himself a/:d >in imajriintry wifu :iml five children lie then sat down to r>ne, and asoften lis lie helped himself to fooil he put ti.'f i-'imu quantity on each of the other plates, ami surveyed the prospcct, at the fame time computing the cosJIc is still a bachelor. 