PUNCH'S PAWilAMMTARl SPIRIT. IS being prayed for day and night by the drowsy M.P.'s and by the worn-out readers of the debates. Wednesday, April 15. In the Assembly, Mr. Sutherland assured hon. members that not more than £20,000 had been spent in patching up and otherwise beautitying the present Jfariiamentary buildings. Could the electors grumble, when they looked upon the imposing and elegant pile in which their representatives sat and talked ? And would hon. members themselves dare to find fault, when they reflected upon the luxuries and comforts which they enjoyed within the walls of the Assembly — upon the bracing and exhilarating draughts which gaily whistled through the chinks during the spring months, and upon the genial, balmy warmth that shed its soothing influence upon them during the heats of summer? Mr. Garrett moved that the Governor should be required to inform the House what were the grimes of which Mr. G. U. Grimes had been guilty ; also, whether Mr. Jehu Grimes was a cabman ? The Electoral Bill then began to drag its slow length along. Mr. Macleay suggested that Parliament should be pro rogued at once. His weightiest argument — one with which he was sure hon. members would sympathize — was that he wanted to get away for a beetle-hunt on the plains of the distant Murrumbidgee. Besides, the Assembly ought not to pass the Electoral Bill until Parliament was on the eve of dissolution. They had no right to keep on dying through the whole of the five acts, after having given themselves a mortal stab in the first. Mr. Parkes would answer the entomological and ornithological argument. Would any sensible grub put off to the very last minute the little arrange ments necessary for its conversion into a butterfly ? Wouldn't it begin to put on its wings and legs a day or two before it ever thought of breaking through its chrysalis? Wouldn't a wise chicken see that it had its beak properly fitted on, and its eyes firmly fixed in its head a week or so before it thought of cracking its shell? And so our Parliamentary grubs ought to prepare themselves for their new state of existence for at least four or five months before they put an end to the old. Mr. Mackintosh suggested immediate suicide. Mr. Forster accused the Colonial Secretary of having sent him a threatening letter. Mr. Parkes replied. Attention was called to the state of the House. Mr. Parkes said that it was un parliamentary to call attention to the state of the House while he was speaking. The Herald said so. It was never done in the Eng lish House of Commons. Mr. Forster said that if the Colonial Secretary were to speak in the English House of Commons, the prac tice would probably be established there. Mr. Arnold thought that the House had made a fool of itself, and that the only way to settle the matter would be to send for the ghost of Oliver Cromwell. Mr. Raphael threatened to " turn his toes up " if the Bill were pro ceeded with this session. The House at once resolved to proceed with the Bill. Thursday, April 16. In the Assembly, Mr. Parkes asked for permission to sit on Monday. Mr. Robertson thought that after the way in which the Government had postponed their motion with reference to the Tobacco Question ; after the constant interruptions to the business of the House, caused by those ardent and uncompro mising supporters of theirs, Mr. David Buchanan, Mr. Forster, and Mr. Garrett, he was surprised that the Colonial Secretary should have the imp(r)udence to come down and ask the House for time to do work that would have been done weeks ago if it had not been for the opposition made by the Government to the passing of their own measures. Mr. Oakes suggested Thursday instead of Monday. Mr. Lucas thought that Friday ought to be given up to the Government, notwithstanding anything that Robinson Crusoe might say to the contrary. Captain Onslow thought that Wednesday or Thursday would be the best days. Mr. Punch thinks that Saturday or Sun day would do just as well. Mr. Parkes, however, took Monday. The Electoral Bill was dragged on a very little further. Friday, April 17. Mr. Stewart asked whether the tombstones in the Devonshire-street cemetery had been appropriated by the Government with a view to making use of them in the erection of the Cook statue. The Corporation Bill wasn't amended, and the House was counted out. Monday, April 20. — The Opposition-Annihilation-Electoral Bill was fought over, clause by clause. Mr. Stewart objected to their giving a member to the University. Did hon. members know the risk they were running ? Wasn't it possible that Dr. B — dh — m might be elected ? and, if so, did hon. members consider the frightful consequences that might result from his (Mr. Stewart's) being shut up in the same room with the learned Doctor for an hour or more every evening during the Session ? Mr. Lucas thought that all electors of more than seven feet in height should have a special represent ative. Mr. Mackintosh and Mr. Wearne thought that East and West Sydney should have at least thirty representatives. In time, as the Parliament grew more enlightened, they hoped to see each street and byway of the metropolis largely represented in the Assem bly. Mr. Garrett moved that Camden, Gulgong, and Illawarra should have half-a-dozen representatives each. Tuesday , April 21. — Mr. Garrett asked whether the Trea surer's cab-hire was included iu the Estimates ? Mr. Buchanan, who was greeted with loud cheers, once more took his place in the House, and began work with a few dozen questions. Mr. Cooper asked for his Hansard, so that hon. members might be enabled to hand what they didn't say down to posterity. Mr. Raphael inti mated his intention of publishing his speeches in a separate form, if the motion wasn't agreed to. He would condense them into 50 vols, folio. The motion was agreed to — that Hansard should be asked for on Friday. 