SMISS OR I nMRS. CHAPti'TER VIIn- Cninlt'n Tlio gwta 'eked to dinner began to arrive. Indy Wiowood was recalled to her duities as mistress of the hoio. It was a pleasant little dinner-with ono drawback. It began too late. The ladies only reached the small drawing-room at tenominates to toeu.. In'unco wa only 'able to" join tlom'eh the clock stranck. -.:. "-t S'Too Intel' whispered Natalie. 'Ho will'bo here directly.' 'Nobody comes punctually to an evening party,' said launce.. 'Don't let nous lose a moment. Send me for Natalie opened lier lips to say the necessary words. Before she could speak, the servant announced-' Mr. Turlington.' " Ho clmo in, with his stiffly-uprig3bt shirt'collier n~d loosely-fitting glossy. black clothes He made his sullen and clumsy bow to Lady Winwod. - And then he did; what he had done dozens of times already-ho caught Natalio, with hoer eyes still bright and lier face still animated (after talking to,Launce)-a striking contrast to the cold anol unimpulsive young Jlady whom;he: wps accustomed to see while Natalie.'as talkingi to hifm. Lady Winwood's daughters were .poersons of some celebrity in the world of amateur music. ' Noticing the look that Turlington- cast at launce, Lady Winwood whispered to Miss : Lavlnia-who instantly. asked thel yoinggladies to sing. 'Inunce, in obedience to:aesign from Natalie; volunteered to find the music.books.' It is needless to add that he pitched on the wrong volume at starting. As he lifted it from the piano to take it lack to the stand, there dropped out from between the leaves a printed lotter, looking like a circular. One of the .young lIdies: took it up, and ran her eye over it, with a start.. ' The Sacred Concerts I' ashe exclaimed. ,Her two sisters, standing by, looked at acha other guiltily: ' What will the committee say to us ? We entirely forgot the meeting last month.' ' Is there a meeting this month I' They all looked anxiously at the printed letter. SYes I tihe 23rd of December. Put it down in your book, Amelia.' Amelia, then and there, put it down among tie engagements for the latter end of the'moitlh. And- N?atlio's unacknowledged husband placidly looked on. i'So did the., merciless: irony; of circumstances make Launes the innocent means of exposing his own secret to discovery.: Thanks to his success in laying his hand on the wrong music-book, themre would now be a meeting two good days before the elopement could take place between the lord's daughters and the rector's wife I SThoe guests of the evening began to appear in twos and threes. The gentlemen below stairs left the dinner table, and joined them. The small drawing.room was pleasantly filled, and no more. Sir Joseph Graybrooke, taking Turlington's hand,: ld him eagerly to their host. The talk in the drawing-roomlbad turned on finance. Lord Winwood was not'quite satisfied with some of his foreign invest monts; anod Sir Joseph's'dear Richard' was the very man to gire him a little sound advice. The three laid their heads together in a corner. Launco (watching them) slily pressed Natalie's hand. A renowned 'vir tueso' had arrived, and'was thundering on the piano. 'The attention of the guests generally a?s absorbed in tihe performance; A fairer.chanoo of sending Launco for the fan could not possibly have, offered, itself. While the financial discussion was still proceeding, the married lovers were ensconced together, alono in the boudoir. Lady Winwrood (privately observant of their absence), kept her eye on the corner, watching Richard Turlington. IHe was talking earnestly- with his back towards the company. IHe neither mnoved nor looked round. It caemo to Lord Winwood's tui~i to speak. Ho preserved tie smeo position, listeuing. Sir Joseph took up tlho conversation next. . Then his attention wandered--he know beforehnnd what Sir Joseph wouild's'y. His eyes turned anxiously towards the place in which lie left Natalie. Lord Winwood said a word. His head turned back again towards the corner. Sir Joseph put in an objection. : .He glanced once more over his saboulder this time, at the place in which Launee had been stand. lug.-- Tim next moment his host reoalled his attention, and made it impossiblo for him to continue his scrutiny of .tleroom;, At the same time, two amongthoe vening guests, bound for another party, approached to take leave of the lady of the house. Lady Winwood swas obliged to rise, and attend to them. They had sonie; thling to sayto her before they left, and they said it 'at terrible length ; standing so as to intercept her view.of the proceedings of the enemy. When she had got rid of them at last,.sheo looked-and behold Lord Winwood and Sir Joseph were the only occupants of the corner I ' Delaying one moment, to set thei ' virtuoso' thunder ing once more, Lady Winwood slipped out of the room, and crossed the landing. At the entrance to the empty drani'ng-room she heard Turlington's voice, low and threatening, in the boudoir. . Jealousy has a' second sight ofits own. He had looked in thoe right place at starting-and, oh hoavehs IEhoe had caught them. -'Her ladyship's courage was heyond dispute; but she turned pale, as she approached the entrance to the boudoir. i There stood Natalie-at once angry. and afraid -bo. tween,tho man to whom she was ostensibly engaged, and the man to whom she was actually married. Turling ton's rugged face expressed a martyrdom of suppressed fury. Launce-in the act of offering Natalie her fan smiled, with the cool supaliority of a man who knew that he had woe his advantage, and who tiiumphed: in knowing it. : .f I forbid you to take your fan from that man's hands,' said Turlington, speaking to Natalie, and pointing' to oaune.. 1 . . ' '- Isn't'it rather too soon to begin forhbiddia "" eacd Lady Winwood, good-humorodly. ' '.Exactly what I ayl'.exclaimed Launce. ' It seems necessary to remind lMr. Turliogton that bhois not mar ried to Natalie yet I' S These last wolds were spoken in a tone -which 'made bothltho women tremble inwardly for results. Lady Winwodd toolk the fan from LaInes with one hand, and took Natalie's arm with the'other. 'There is your fan, my dear,' she said, in liher easy, off-hand manner. . 'Why. do you allow those two bar barous men to keep you herio'whilo the-great Dootmann is" playing:the Nightmare Sonata in the next room I Innce I l Mr. Turlington I follow, me, and learn to be musical directly I - You:lavo onlyto' shut your eyes, and you will fancy you 'hear four mmlorn German composers playiring, instead of one, and not-the ghost of a melody among all theofour.' . - " She led the way out with Natalie,: and' whispered, 'Did hbe catch you?'' Nntali whiaspered hck,':! I heard him in time. He only caught us looking for the fan.' Thit two men waited behind to have two words :to. gethobr, hlono in'the houdoir. " 'This doesn't end here, Mr. Lintiel' I:ll?ndco smiled satirically': ';For oppe,'I agree with yoo,' he answered. 'It doesn't end here, asyou say.' Lidy Wit-Vod-°itoppd;'and."looked-back'at thcne from the drawing-room door. "'They were keeping het waiting-they had nochoicoabut to follow, the. mistress of thehoud,?e : , '- . . Arrived in the next room, bothTurlington andMLance resaumedtheir places among the guests with the same bhject in view. As a necessary result of the acene In the budodnr, rcah had his own special remonstrance to I address tb Sir Josepl. ,. Breen her, Launnce was beforehand with Turlington. SHe was theflrst to got pssossoioi'of Sir Joseph's privato ear.- ' Haiscomplaiot took the form of a protest against I Trlington's jealousy, and an appeal for a reconlderatida tof the sontenco lwhich oexcluded him from lifswell Hill. IC- Watlcingtliom from distance, Turlingtoq's suspicious eye detected the nppeauancc of sometlling unduly, eonfl., dential in the colloquy between thel two. Under civei of tlie company,lhe stole behind them and listened. ; The great lhootmann had arrived at that eart of thel Nighltmare Sanat in which tile muasical dun?l, prodicd principally will, the loft bond,'is maodo 'tidderibhojhb yond all pomihility of mistake, the rising of tin moos in a'country clmrhnyarld,and ao dance of vampiresround a maiden's grace. . . Sir Joseaaph, having noehanleoagain th'ie vnmpire in a whuper, was obliged to raise his voice to meho him. self aidible in answeoring and comfort lg launeo. *I sinocrely symptliso with yo,' TurInogton heard him y ' ad'Natolie fools about t 1nas I do. ut nicard is an obstaclo in our way. We must look to the consa. 'qusncne, iay dear hoy, sopposiog nieliard found us out.' Ho nodded kindly to his nephew, and deolining to pursue the subject, moved away to another part of the rgom. " ' J r J - I Torlington'a jnloars distrost, wrought to the highest .pitelh of irritobility for weeks pant, instantly associated by Launch in thee boudoir, which hal reminded him thot by wca nit married to N'atolio ypt. Wos there treachery at work under tlao'birfuco ): a',-was the ob. ject to persuado wenk Sir' Joseph. to?recoasidder his daughter's contemplated marriage int (a senso'favorable to Launcol ,Turilinglon's blind suspicioi overleapt at a bound all tile niddnfe?t iiiprobahilitica which; forbade such a conclusion as thin. After an instant's considera. tion with himself; he decided on keeping' hi own conn. sol, and on putting Sir Joseph's agood faiththen and there to a test which hle could rely on as cortain to take Natalio's father by surprise. - ' Graybrookol' \-- Sir Joseph started at the sight of his future son.in. law'sadea.?l e;i ' My dear Richard, you am looking very strangely I Is the heat of the room too much foryoua' 'Never mind the heat I I have seen enough to-night to justify mo in insisting that your daughter and Launce. lot Linzie shall meet no morbeotween.this and. tho.day of "my' earriaui.'- 'Sir-JToseph attempted" to speak. Turlington declined to givo-him the opportunity. ' Yes I yes your opinion of Ltidolian't mine, I know. I saw you as thick as thieves totother jhsf now.' Sir Joseph onen more attempted to make himself heard. Wearied 'by Turlington's perpetual. complaints of his daughletr and his, nephew, he was sufficiently irritated by this time to have reported what Launch had actually said to him" if hoe had been allowed the chance. But Turlingtoin persisted in going on. ' I cannot prevent Liiize'fmrom being received in thisnhouso, and at your sifter's,' hle said;'.' but I cani.kep him out,of my house in the country, and to the conntry lot usago. I propose" a change ie the arrangements; 'Have you any" engage. ment for the Christmas.holidays o'", .. SHe' paused,' and fixed 'his eyes attentiveljy on Sir. SJoseph. ; Sir Josnph, looking a little surprised, replied briefly that he had no engagement. ' In that case,' resuced Turlingtoni, I invite you all to Somersetehiro, and I propose that the marriage shall I take place from my house, and not from yours. Do you r 'It is contrary- to the usual courseo of proceeding in suh cases, Richard,' Sir Jos began.- p i - , 'Do you refuse''. reiterated Turlington. 'I toll you D plainly, I shall place a construction .o my ownupon your motive if you do.'i.f , ye ,'s ' No, Ribchar,' said Sir_ Joseph- quietly. 'I accept.' Turlington drew-back a step in silence. Sir Joseplh r had turned the tables ori him, and had taken himn by 'It P ill upset several plans, and cause some inconve. nieneo ,to tholadies, proceededl the.old gentleman. ' But if nothing'less will satisfy you, I nsay Ycs I I o shall have occasion when weomeet to-morrow atiMuswell e Hill to apipeal to yddr indulgence under eireumstaines a which may greatly astonish you.." The least I can' do in the meantime is to act an example of friendly sympathy \- and'forbcaranco on my stids. No more now,; Richard. Hushl Ite musl'mto : ? I. i- '. It was impossible to make him ,explain himself fur.. lther tleat'night. Turliegton 'was left to interpret Sir. Joseph's mysterious communication'with such"doubtful aid' to succesas a is h owneiassistod ingenuity might. n afford. Tihe meeting of the next day at,Mu'?idll Hill had for d its object-its Turlingtonihad already' been informed the drawing of Natalie's marriago settlement.' Was the y question of money at the bottom of Sir Joseph's contem. plated appeal ,to. his indulgencote l He thought of his commercial position. 'The dopressionin 'the. Levant trade still continued. ,Never lead his business at any previous time 'equired such -onstant attention, .and re. Spaid' that attention 'with° hn littlb profit. 'The bills of ,r lading hIad been already used by the firm, ?in the ordi. nary course of trade, to obtain possession of the goods. d The duplicates in the hands of Bulpit Brothers were literally wasto paper.. Repayment of the loan' of forty thousand pounds (with interest) was due ini less than a month's time. There was heis.commercinl position SWas.it possible that money-ldvilig'Sir Joseph hlad any :t modification to propose in the matteri of' his daughter's dowry ? The bare dread .that"it might be so, struck him cold.. He quittcdtho. house-and forgot to. wish Natalie good.night. ' p lfreanwhilc, Lauenc hald Iqft the evening party before ' him-and Lnanc also found matter for serious reflection presented to his mindbefore lhe slept that night.' In other' words, lde found, 'on ?reaching his lodgings, a letter froti his brother, marked.' private.' Had the inquiry into thle seorets of Turlington's ' early lifo-now prolonged over some weeks- led'to positive results at last 1 Iaunce eagerly opened the letter. It contained a report and a summary. He pased 'at once to the summary, and read these words: " If you only want moral evidencoto satisfy your own mind, your end is gained. There is, morally, no doubt t hat Turlington and theo sea captain who cast the foreign sailor overboard to drown, are one and the same md an. Legally, the matlei is beset by difliculties;' Tur. lington having destroyed all provablo connection between his present self and 'his past life. There is only one chance for us. -A sailor on beard the ship (who was in Lis master's secrets) is supposed to bb still living (under lIismaster's protection). All the 'black-deeds of Tor. lington's' early life are known to this man. Ho can prove the faets, if we can find him, and make it worth t his while to speak. Under whiat alias he is hidden we do not know. Ilisa ow name is Tleoemas. Wildfang. If ewe are to make thbhattempt to find him, not a moment is to be lost. The expenses. may be serious.. Let me know whether we are to go on, 'or whether enough has, been ddno teattain the end you have in view.' Enough lehad been done-not only to satisfy Laonce, but to produce the right effect on Sir Joseph 's mind if Sir Joseph 'proved olalurato when the- ssecret of the marriage was revealed. bLaunce wrote a-line directing v the stoppage of the proceedingsat the point which they Shad nowireacheld. Hero is a reason for her not marry. nug. Turlington,' lie -sad to hiinself,' as e'placed the papers under lok'nnd key. ' And if shle doesn't marry. ' Turlingtod,':'hbo" added,' with a'-lover's' logic,' '.why shouldn't she marry me ' i ce. PT. a- VIII.-TeOP .-en LosIBRARYs.. The next day Sir, Joseph Grmyhrooke; 'Sir Joseph's Slawyer, ,Mr.' Dicas' (highly' respectable and immensely iche); 'and Richard Turlington were assembled in the library at Mduswell Hill to .disdlss' the question of; D Natalie's marriage settleinent. After the usual preliminary phrases had been ex 1 changed, Sir Joseph shou'ed some hesitation in openly. approaching the question,whioh the.little party of three lhad mot to debate. , He avoided his lawyers eye; and ho looked at Turlington rather uneasily, "' " 'hichard,' he began at last, "whoa' I spokoto you. I about your marriage, on board the yacet, I said I would give my daughter--' Either his conrago or his breath 1 failed"him 'nt thalt. point. , He was obligodto wait a mominot before he could go on . .'" ... S.'I said I would give my daughter half my foriei on her marriage,' he resumqd.' 'Forgivo'~i? Richard. I can't do it I' 1 Mr. Dicas waiting for his instructions, laid down his, pen, and looked at Sir Joseph's son.in-law elect. What, would Mr. Turlin'gton'say I' He biad'nothiig.e ;Sitting opposite the window, le. meao when Sir Joseph spoke, and placed himself at the. L'other side Of the table, with his back to the light. _ , 'tMyeoys are weak this morning,..he said, in an on. 'nahtrally low tone of voice. 'The light hurts them.' He could find no more plausible excuse than that for cincnealing'hl' face inlshadow.from'tlo scrutiny of the two men onelither side of him. The 'continuous moral irritation of lis'unlappy courtahip-a. courtship which h, id' never advanced beyond the frigid familiarity of t kissing Natalie's hooand in the presence of other perons -hlead. physically deteriorated him. Even his. lenly nerves began to feel the long strain of suspicion that had been laid unremittingly on them for weeks past. Hiis power of self control--hlo knew it himself-was not to be relied on. IIHe could hide his face: he could no, i longer command it. 'Did you hear what I said, Richardl' 'I heard. Go'on.' Sir Joseph proceeded, 'gathering confidonen as he. advsneod. -:."; , .. ('(,: , 'Ialf my fortunol' le re eated'i -'It's pari with halt my lifo; it'snaying good-bye for over to mydearest friead? -Hly moneny has1bonn such" a comfort to me, Ilclhirl ' asue'a pleasnst oecupation for my'mid. I . know no reading so intoresting'and so instructive as the reading of one's banker's book.' To watlch the outgologs on one side, said Sir Joseph, with a gentle diidpathetic solomnity,'~ ' and thoe inonmings on the othe-thbb sad lessening of tOli balance at one time,'asnd'tho ~deruing and delightful growth of it at'anothe,'' What aasorhing reading I Thes best ndvel that over was written isn't to be mentioned in a breathl with'it. I cannot, Richard, I really can not, see my nice round balance' sohrink op to half th figure that I have bobn d sed to for a .lifotime. It moy he weak of m.,' proeeeded Sir Joseph, ,evidently feelisg that it'was not weak ofrhim at Jll, '.bat wo all leave our tenderplane, and my .banker's hook is mine. Besides, it isn't as if you wantsd'it "f paan wanted it, of courne ----ut you don't' svnta'oit.eYou: area rich man; you are marrylng siej' dear Natolis for love, not for money. You and she and my grandchildren will havo it.all at my'death. It can make no difference to you to wait a few years til tthe old man's chair at tl? fireside wuecmpty. Will. you* ay the fourth part, Richard, "inslo"te'.of'tho t hal! Twenty .thousand," ploadcd Sir'Josoph, piteously..}' I 'on bren twenty thousand off., ,For God'e ?ako:don't ak'ino for morn I' (To e ulcontinurd.) 