A NIGHT WITH THE SPIRITS. by an occasional correspondent of the leader. One of ihe moat peculiar and exi: - ordinary exhibitions at pres,int to-be sfs'-r- in London is in a stiiall Louse in a souk what obscure neighbor-mob, I say - x- hibitiou." because for the very lif-- of ui I cannot detenu nr. who'- he- b is abs-.Ju' reality or a corupouud'of -.'evr manipu lation and reality. I hao endeavov.M io get at the bottom of the mystery, but. hitherto without success. The baliover.- in the phenomena c.ui it " spiritualism," and as- (here is no me-sricy to qnarrw ul>. out words, let it be understood, in tin- following narration o: laws, thai (in term is to he taken as expressing tin i le t li-.at those who believe us the pheno mena have of it. rather than as the theory of the writer, that :ho eli-r-'t vuv- ifoofd eumuaies or is tue direct efforts ot departed human identities. I may as well say at once that I cannot tuu!-- - stand what I have seen, how produced, or much less what, good effect- is likely V! com" of it. But, wkds-. admitting ei; these objections, the efforts obtained are so exlrc.ordinary. amounting, perhaps, to he supernatural, and as probably tin-;, are :-ot gi-n-raliy imo- n, they iuy !>. worth describing. Shall I say ri-n' i was a sceptic when I first under: nOX i ' invc-stigaie these rhi-uom '? say rub r a sceptic of sceptics. I.ik - all the r --' of my feilow-creatures I had heurd of table-! timing, spirit communications, ami such like peculiarities. It is uoi geuercliy wise io Jiiugli at what one does no: nndetstarid, merely because i' is oulsi - it one's idei of nature. So many ciicum- stances were related to in-; by friends from lime to time, whose v-jraci' y was beyond dispute, that I de'ermiued, skonh'i oppcri unity again present, itself, to still try ag.-in in my career of investigation. There is published in London a small weekly paper called the Medium. <n:d Duilbre/i!;, which may be said to be Ihe organ of the spiritualists in England. Chancing to- become possessed of one of these numbers, I though:, while reading ihe same, that whatever ' the spirits " could do, lliey certainly were not good at 'writing, and that their editorial educa tion had been greatly neglected. The advertisements struck mo as peculiar. Amongst oilier things I learnt that " Mrs Mary J. Hollis, of the United States, had just arrived in London, and thai, from twelve io live o'clock, sit an addres- given, for a fee of one guinea, aud in tk.- vvening at eight o'clock for ten shillings, direct spirit writing is given on the slate ai.d, "in the evening, the spirit friends of those present in the circle speak in the audible voice." " Mrs Olive, trance medium ; and for the cure of various diseases by spirit magnetism and pro- scrip: ions, fee, 2s Gd." " Mrs Empson undertakes the diagnosis and treatment, of disease under the direction ei spirit physicians, fee, 10s." " Miss Lottie Tawler, the great American sounambulist clairvoyante, whose reputation is well- known for revealing startling facts, communicates with the living and the dead, &c.; : fee, one guinea." Mrs Woodruff, iu addition to all other advan tages, for the benefit of our French friends, says : — " On pourra s'entretentir en Fran r ak, " and, as an additional induce ment to go to her, says, " terms reason able." Further down the column tho fact is stated that " Dr John Hunter and Dr Mesmer may be consulted through the mediumship of Mr Robert Harper ; fees, 5s to £1." In addition to all these directly professional me diums, my Daybreak informed me that " a home for spiritualists" could be bad in London, and that visitors from the country would find a-" home from home" at the bonse of Mrs Jackson, in Russell- square. Two tailors, who iu addition to allowing " a liberal discount for cash," and "correct fit guaranteed," — I be thought me tailors, whether spiritual or otherwise, generally make that self-same announcement: — were also spiritualists. "A spiritualist desires a situation as clerk" did not interest me much, and the fact flint " R. Wortley (the well- known medium), undertaker, promises special funerals for spiritualists, in any part Of London," was, I trust, not amongst my immediate wants. The gentleman who advertises his " Psy- chopatie institution for the cure of diseases" seemed to me to have chosen a word not easily understood. The advertisement of Mr Charles E. "Wil liams seemed to me to be the most busi ness-like, and should be given in i s entirety, as it is a gem in its way. Here it is : — " Mr Charles E. Williams, me dium, is at home dailv. to eive private seance, from 12 to 5 p.m. Private seances attended at the houses of investigators. Public seances at 61 Lamb's Conduit- street, on Monday evenings, admission, 2s 6d; Thursday evenings, 5s; and Saturday evenings, for spiriiualistQonly, 5s ; at 8 o'clock each evening. Address as above." The fee for Monday night was not high, and perhaps, although not a "spiritualist," admission might be ob tained on the Saturday night. So having cleared the way by explaining how I became aware of Mr Williams's existence, 1 will, without farther ado, -give my experience- I have already said that 61 Lamb's Conduit-street is in an obscure neighborhood — I mean no offence to Lamb's oOflduit-street, only that after vainly trying to reach it on foot, I got lost, and had to obtain the assistance of a cab. The street looks melancholy, and a general air of seediness pervades the various shops. No. 61 is situated next door toa retail dispensary of " spirits," ordinarily called a pubjichouse, and is a small two- storied building, the lower part being occupied as a tailor's shop, and the floor is devoted to the " spirits," there being only the ground and first fioqr iu the house. I am particular in my description of " floors," so as to m-e" :iuv objection of assistance being rendered from auy rooms under the one in -which we sat. The two rooms in which the " seances," as they are termed, are held, are certainly shabbily furnished and generally frowsy — a Yictorian friend, who accompanied me, said they sadly wanted "cleaning. They consist of a front parlor, communicating with the back room by folding-doors. We — for I may us weil mention that I was accom panied by a Yictorian friend, who still more than myself was determined to dis believe iu the " spiritualistic " origin of the effect? produced — arrived at the rooms just described about ten minutes to eight, ntul as there was no one else present, we spent the time in close scrutiny of tho apartments, peering into every nook and cranny, and doing our best to satisfy ourselves that no person was Iti.aien. Indeed it would have been a! most impossible for anyone to have i.-eeii so concealed, as beyond a small upiiicird there was nothing to hold a ni.l-_qivr.vn child, except "the cabinet" ti i.-.i alter wards described. Shortly ai'L-r eight people began to assemble, and t h " c m patty which numbered some fifteen were seemingly well-to-do people, about- btil; ladies. I should mention tiii.t the occasion was a Saturday night seance, to which, although not " spiritua- . lists," I found there was no objection to o tr presence. Some present evidently ..or : on friendly terms, and we noticed th i: they spoke as if they were believers iu spiritualistic origin of tho pke- nooiO'ia. . Soon after eight Mr Williams c.ime in. If met in an omnibus or rail way carriage there is nothing about his appearance io attract attention. Ho is a ui: i n about 30, of average height, and lias a somewhat theatrical appearance, iH-rhaps a little like an actor out of luck. Very quiet in his demeanor and sparing of words is onr medium, who commences by saying that he does not profess to umu- anteu" any c-fiects, and that if .any one do is not desire to remain under ih )so conditions they are at liberty to o.ive. The first portion of the seance, that, '.ihiuh I am now describing, it is to be understood is taking place iu the front room, the folding doors being closed and the front door locked. A ca-idi-i is produced and lighted. Ou the table itivi placed a heavy musical box, a guitar, a small bell, and two paper cones, ail the world like the bags grocers use for putting sugar into, ihe company are invited to sit round the table and join hands, Mr Williams sitting with his hiiiiii;.' on the table joined to those on cither side of him. The gas is then extinguished, unci a box of matches befog placed in tho candlestick, ouo of the company, myself, is invited' " to take charge of the candle," which duty I am tol l consists in lighting the same when desired to do so. The candle is then extinguished, and the company are of cuiu'se in total darkness. General con- ved's-.uion wenl on for some ten minutes, and no sign was made ; then some one proposed singing " to harmonise the circle." The Old Folks at Home, and Home, Sweet Home, were gone through, but the latter was scarcely concluded till someone at the side of the table opposite to mine said, "I feel a hand touching lm . A strange ligut, quite aiuerent to anything wo had ever seen — I am now giving the joint experience of self and friend — seemed to come on to the table, auu seize the bell, carry it around the room near the ceiling, and then replace if. on the table. The musical-box was then served iu a similar way, and, in dividually, I felt it placed on my head, or at all events some heavy body. The guitar was then floated round and round the room in a strange manner, and when replaced on the table continued to play. Whilst playing I moved my baud over it, with a view of trying to discover the player, bat without avail; play.it did, I and continued so to do for some minutes. I Bv- and-bv some one again felt the hand. aud a moment or two after the hand, or that which to me seemed like a hand, touched me on the face. The effect was not unpleasant, for it was warm and blood -like. It (the hand) then shook hands with varions members of the circle, so they said, but as I am only telling what happened to myself, what otherwise took place is at. the least hear say. In an andible voice, I said, " Will you shake hands with me ? " To which a voice replied, " Hold out your hand." I thought here is a chance to show up the whole imposture, for if I get a chance, hold tight I will. I held out my hand, and something which felt to me like two fingerB without nails, shook me vigor ously. Tightening my grasp, I tried to hold the band, bat it seemed to loosen itself and to glide away. My friend also was favored by a shake, but the hand in that, case was like a woman's hand. I had more than one shake, and so had several of my neighbors. Beyond the removal of the musical box and the guitar effects, together with strange lights, nothing else happened at what mny aptly he termed the first portion of the seance. I ought to say that the lights were very distinct and much re sembled those of glow-worms. One gentleman present compared them to the light given off by fire-flies. I then, by request, struck a match, and by its aid lit the candle and also the gas. General conversation then ensued for some five minutes, each one relating his experience, from which I gathered that those who sat nearest the medium had been more generally favored by the "spirits;" some had felt nothing. Mr Williams then opened the folding-doors previously mentioned, and wheeled from the back of the room, towards the folding-doors, a for fa capboard-like structure, called by him the cabinet. It looked for all the world like # wardrobe, very coarsely finished, of unpa.'nted Pine- la the early part of the evening had most care fully examined this pit?08 of furniture ; the dimensions were six" teat wide ; height, 64 feet; depth, from to?.ck to front, . 29 inches. It has a strong, wooden top, and is elesed at bijsk j and ends. In front are three doors, two feet wide. The middle door is a fixture, and the two side ones nre hang on hinges, opening outwards, with bolts outside aud in. In each door, a few inches from the top, there is an opening some foot and a half by about 15 inches in depth. A enrtain is hung inside each aperture. At either end of the cabinet is a wooden bench seat, iu which are cat holes, these holes being for the. purpose" of tying the hands of the medium. I might just remark that in this respect it differs from the ordinary rope trick, inasmuch as" each hand is tied to the seat separately, and, on tho occasion spoken of, in such a way that the whole proceedings are the more remarkable and so far incomprehensible, inasmuch as tho hands, being so separated and tied by the wrist, seem to prevent the chance of fraud. The use of the cabinet is to i-nable the medium to be satisfactorily tied that the phenomena may bo tested ; to partially intercept adverse influences, and to- concentrate the influence of operating spirits. The medium havfog been very carefully and to all appearance securely tied to one of the seats, the lights were ag'ain extinguished. Tno end at which Mr Williams sat had the door closed, the one at the opposite end being lei", open. The company present sat close around the cabinet, in the fonn of a circle. Again singing was resorted to, and pro bably ten minutes were thus spent. A slight rustling, or movement, was heard in the cabinet, as if the medium was moving uneasily, and shortly after a light like unto those seen in the earlier part of the evening, was seen at the open door-way, only in this instance the - light was much larger. Again a few minutes passed, and a faint oulliuo was seen, but iu this ioshn co I saw nothing ; a few momeuts afterwards I certainly most distinctly saw a figure. In its hands it carried a. light which gav.- forth sufficient luminosity to enable each and all to see with the utmost clearness its form, shape, aud general appearance. My idea of the "spirit" — in this des cription on comparing notes my friend coincided as to its accuracy — is that of a man of dark complexion, like that of a New Zealander, with some color in the' chec-ks, features not large, nose pro minent and aquiline, eyebrows, whiskers, moustache, and an immense beard, all very black. The head was covered with a peculiarly-shaped turban, tho ends of which hung down over the shoulders and were cut square. Altogether not an un pleasant face; indeed, I should say a handsome one, and decidedly intelligent looking. The "spirit" advanced from the cabinet, and, bending down, blew the light till its brilliancy was increased. In so doing the lips moved as in the case of an ordinary mortal. So far as I could see it moved without legs, or at all events, the body seemed to float or glide alonr- rather than walk. In a deep sonorous voice, it said " Good evening, and tho company generally responded. " Can you let me feel the light?" said one gentleman. "Certainly," was the re sponse, "hold out your hand;" and, without more ado, tho spirit advanced and placed the light, which in size re sembled an emu's egg, in the hands of the querist, who held it a few seconds. The spirit returned to the cabinet, and in a minute or so returned ; then ad vanced twice or thrice, each time returning to the cabinet and becoming invisible. Again emerging, it came further into the room, and seemed to ' pass into the table on which it placed the light, and in so doing gave with the luminous body two or three audible blows. I am particular in saying that it seemed to go or pass into the table, for there was no evidence of walking. This went on for probably a quarter of an hour, varied by returning to the cabinet. Several present addressed ques tions, and were answered in a pleasingly conversational manner. Nothing of im portance, however, can be attached to the conversations, for tho questions were such as could have been answered by an ordinary mortal, without occult influence. From conversation, I learnt that, on pre- vious occasions, "John King," by which name the phantom was known, had stated that, when on earth, he was Sir Henry Morgan, and that be had been a naval officer ; that he lived in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and that " Sir Walter Raleigh was a companion of his." There was sufficient light in the room to enable each and all to dis tinguish those present. With more than one person present " John King " shook' hands, but did not respond to my invitation for a shake. Another voice was heard, said to be that of a departed spirit, one "Peter," but beyond some stupid attempts at jokes, nothing was elicited from him. It was said that " Peter" had on earth been " Tom Barry, the clown," but his remarks were neither entertaining nor peculiarly edifying. "John King" and his light gradually became fainter, till at last nothing bnt the merest outline was visible, and before finally " going out," or into the oabinet. "Good night, I can do no more," was said twice. ' The candle was then lit, also the gas, and the me dium. who looked very pale and ex- hausted, was found seated with his hands tied exactly as before the lights were extinguished. The seance befog con- I eluded we paid our money and ieft. I The question naturally arises " Cui I bono" — even if all described is true, what good can come of it ? Honestly, I after carefully thinking the matter over, apparently none either to those here or elsewhere. One thought, perhaps not inappropriate, struck me that it it must be a horrid existence for a "spirit" to beat the beek and call of any medium, professional or otherwise, to be exhibited at prices varying from one shilling upwards. I don't profess to comprenena, let atone understand, what was seen, felt, and heard, and nave only, as a faithful chronicler, attempted to tell all, and. to nothing extenuate. Some have endeavored to explain the visional portion on Pepper's ghost prin ciple. The difficulty in accepting that solution, -if even other matter ara com prehensible, is that in Pepper's ghost only one color was produced, and with "John King" several were shown ; face, beard, eyes, and drapery all varying. Again "John King" was felt. On one occasion — bat- of course for this fact I don't vouoh personal knowledge — a por tion of "John King's" drapery was, witu his consent, cut off, and a carious pie4Q of Indian muslin was shown to ms, said to be tho piece. Then Dobhn, Heller, and other conjurors certainly perform some wonderful tricks, but they won't allow their apparatus to be exa mined as was done by most present at Mr Williams's. Hollo-way's Pills.— Weary, of Life. — Derange ment of the liver is one of the most formidable causes of dangerous diseases aud the most prolific m those melancholy forebodings which are worse than death itself. A few doses of theso noted ills ac- magically in dispelling low spirits and repelling the covert attacks made on die nerves by excessive heat, impure atmospheres, over indulgence, or exhausting excitement. J he most shuttered constitution may derive benefit from Holloway's Pills, which wUl regul tte disordered action, brace the nerves, increase the energy of the intellectual faculties, and revive the falling memory.. By attentive studying these instructions and obediently putting them in practice, the most deipondeii will soon feel onfident of a perfect recovery. 