VISIT OF HIS LORDSHIP THE ! BISHOP TO SALISBURY. The Bishop left town on Saturday after noon for Salisbury, where he -arrived at 5 p.m. In the evening he assisted at the May devotions in the Church of S. Augustine. On Sunday morning, at 7 a.m., Mass was celebrated by Father Van der Hey den, and at 8 o'clock the Bishop, accompanied by Father Van der Heyden and a cavalcade of gentlemen, drove to Virginia, where he consecrated the altar and held a confirmation. In the afternoon he returned to Salisbury, where, lie preached a most impressive sermon on the troubles of the Church and the Holy Father. On Monday, 4th inst., the Bishop celebrated Mass at S. Augustine's at 8 o'clock, after which he confirmed 13 children and adults. At the conclusion His Lordship addressed those who had received the Sacrament in appropriate and affectionate terms. After the services the congregation waited upon His Lordship for the pur pose of presenting him with the follow ing address " To the Right Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " May it please your Lordship — We, the members of St. Augustine's congregation, Salisbury, meet your Lordship on this your first visit amongst us as Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Adelaide, with heartfelt joy and feelings of the deepest respect and esteem. " It would bo needless to sa3r, my Lord, that your absence irom amongst us for some years lias not in the least effaced from our memory your "ardent zeal and charitable labors for our spiritual welfare, and that your Lordship still lives in the grateful affection of the flock, which formerly you tended in the capacity of Parish Priest. " Having had experience of your un tiring efforts, your anxious labors, and your ardent zeal for God's honor and, glory, and the spiritual good of those en trusted to your' care, we hailed with pleasure and gratification the tidings that our Most Holy Father had been pleased to confer on your Lordship the Episcopal Dignity. We rejoiced the more, as the Holy Father was placing you in a sphere in which you have ample scope of satisfy ing that burning desire and ceaseless anxiety, which always animated your Lordship for promoting God's great honor and glory and the good of souls. " May God strengthen and comfort your Lordship in your, many , and anxious labors ; may He /in His goodness grant you many years.- of health and strength is the prayers of your Lordship's most humble and affectionate cbildrcu." ' " A. O'Leary, sen. John Fitzgerald John Murphy George Palmer Patrick Mclntyre Edward Dunn Dennis Nash Patrick Haunan Tlios. O'Brien, sen. Peter Brady James Thompson Denis Lin eh an . Patripk O'Hanlou James J. 0 'Sullivan P- R Walsh " Salisbury, May 4, 1874." His Lordship replied that he did not need that address to assure him of their affection, Tor lie had experienced many- proofs of it on previous occasions. He referred to the state of the diocese, and asked their co-operation in the work of clearing off the debt which at present encumbered his progress so much. He expressed his gratitude for the warm and practical sympathy which lie had received, not only there but in every district lie had yet visited. Among others, a poor man had called upon him that morning and told liim that be had no money at present, but he was willing to enter into a bond to pay him £2 10s. this year and a like sum next year. He felt very much encouraged at this and other acts of generosity, and he looked forward with confidence to the future. The members of S. Augustine's Christian Doctrine Society then came forward and presented the following address : — "My Lord Bishop — We, the members of St. Augustine's Christian Doctrine Society, bid your Lordship a cordial welcome on this your first visit amongst us as Bishop of the Diocese. "It will be pleasing to your Lordship to hear, that the Society of which you were the founder, lias, since your Lordship's absence, steadily followed up your wise Counsels, and to this is attributed the good fruit which we are happy to say lias been brought forth. We may say but for this Society a number of persons would now be ignorant of the priuciples of our holy religion, which is the most precious of all gifts. " My Lord, we humbly recommend our Society to your pious prayers that God may bless our efforts for the spiritual good1 of- others and ourselves. At the same-, time we beg to assure your Lordship that1 we will not fail in our duty . to pray that the Almighty giver of all good things may shower down upon you his choicest blessings. " We beg to remain, My Lord, "Your most obedient children in Christ. " Andw. O'Leary, Gerald Fitzgerald P.P. John Murphy Terence Mclntyre, Henry Judd Hon. Sec. Patrick Murphy Edwd. Murphy P. R. Walsh David O'Leary Denis Kenihan Edwin A. O'Leary Richd. Fitzgerald Denis Nash Arthur O'Leary." Jno. Fitzgerald Salisbury, Feast of St. Monica, 1874. His Lordship in reply expressed the warm satisfaction lie felt at the progress of the Society, which he liad had the pleasure of founding, and he expressed his intention of establishing a parent society of a similar nature in Adelaide and branches in every district through out the diocese. In their address they had promised to pray for him, for which lie thanked them very much, and lie hoped they would persevere in so doinjg and bring others to join them in the good work they had begun. His Lord ship concluded by giving them his bene diction. <$> Visit to Virginia. The visit of the Right Rev. Dr. Rey nolds, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to the Church of the Assumption, Virginia, took place on Sunday, May 3rd, for the purpose of holding confirmation, and consecrating the marble altar in this Church, which was erected some four or five years ago. This altar is a very beautiful and valuable one. It was im ported from England at a cost of £150 by the late Very Rev. Father Smyth, V.G.. who then had charge of the mis sion of Virginia ; and by the united and prompt action of the ladies of the con- gregation the rev. gentleman was en abled to accomplish its erection. This beautiful work of art consists of six dif ferent kinds of marble. The table part is of Italian marble, in one piece, and weighs over half a ton. The Bishop's visit having been previously announced, the Catholics of Virginia took that op portunity of welcoming him on his first appearance there since his elevation to the episcopacy. They met him some four miles from Virginia, in vehicles and on horseback. His Lordship came by way of Salisbury, and was accompanied by the Rev. Charles Van der Heyden, pastor of the district. At about half- past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, the jDisnop was met near tne Waterloo uor- ner by a cavalcade of about 25 horse men and a long train of vehicles and conducted to the church. The members of the Virginia branch of the South Aus tralian Benefit Society took part ih the procession, and His Lordship got a re ception worthy of his high and sacred ofiice. At a quarter past 9 o'clock, the church was comfortably filled, many coming from a distance to be present on this occasion, as well as thus to pay a mark of respect to His Lordship, who has been so intimately acquainted with most of them, having formerly administered to their spiritual wants in the parishes of Gawler and Salisbury. At a quarter past 9 o'clock the ceremony of consecrating the altar commenced. His Lordship, who wore cope, stole, and mitre, was assisted by Father Van der Heyden and six acolytes. The ceremony, which was a most solemn and impressive one, occupied two hours and a half. During the consecration the altar was stripped of its decorations, when the sacred relics of S. Alphonsus Liquori, S. Christopher, S. Lucius Pope and Martyr, and 40 other martyrs, were placed in a silver reliquary and deposited in a receptacle provided for them in the centre of the altar. At the conclusion of the consecration Mass was celebrated, after which His Lordship addressed the congregation, and paid a well-merited tribute to the memory of the late Very Reverend Father Smyth, who, His Lordship said, was instrumental in the erection of the altar, and trusted they would not forget him in their prayers before the tribunal of the Most High. His Lordship then gave them his blessing, and imme diately commenced the administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation, when 18 persons Were presented by the Rev. Charles Van der Heyden. Most of them were young -girls of the school, neatly attired in white, and wearing wreaths. His Lordship impressively addressed those confirmed, and explained in for cible and plain words the grace they had received in the Sacrament of Con firmation in the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost, which gave them strength and grace to fight the good fight of their eternal salvation, he earnestly ex horted them to avoid sin. The following is the address - " To the Right Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D., by the Grace of God and favor of the " Apostolic See, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " Dear Lord Bishop — The members of the congregation of the Church of the Assump tion, Virginia, affectionately welcome your Lordship on your first visit since your election to the government of this See. " The remembrances which dwell in the hearts of many of us with whose spiritual welfare your Lordship has been so inti mately associated, are strengthened by the fact that their children will now at your Lordship's hands be confirmed in their holy faith. " That your Lordship's wise and loving rule over us may "be continued, ail multos annos is the sincere prayer of " Your Lordship's " Affectionate Children in Christ. " Signed on behalf of the Congregation by— " Lawrence Hewitt, Patrick Nash J.P. Edmund Sheedy William Dowdy Thomas Forrestal Michael Hewitt Michael Kain John Nash Martin Mclntyre James Walsh John Maloney Patrick Hewitt John Howes Patrick Supple John Ryan Owen Nash John McClareu Michael Sheedy Frauds McClaren Michael Clarke John A. Conners Thomas Dondon " Virginia, the Feast of the finding of the Holj' Cross, 1874." The address was beautifully engrossed and ornamented. His Lordship in replying to the ad dress, said that he hardly needed this attestation of them afiectionate welcome, as on other occasions he had experienced then- devotion towards him, as most of them were personally known to him. He attributed this greeting of welcome to His sacred ofiice as their Bishop, which he was called upon as the Vicar of Christ to fulfil, and on accepting the Episcopate of this diocese, he felt the awful responsibity and the difficulties which lie would have to encounter, hut he relied on their generous co-operation to assist him in overcoming the difficulty which beset his path in clearing oft' the heavy debt now on the diocese. He concluded by expressing a hope that every spiritual and temporal blessing would descend upon them. His Lordship took his departure for Salisbury about two o'clock, and was highly gratified at the reception which the good Catholics of Virginia had given him, and the people were well pleased that they had exhibited this mark of respect to their Bishop. 