THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY AND THE JEWS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR. — Bishop Barker must, we think, by the general tenor of his utterances at Kiama last week, as reported in the Herald of Saturday, have found himself, from some occult source or another, in a most uncommonly playful vein, judging from the grim humour of some of his state- ments; albeit those statements, or at least one of thom, was a gratuitous insult levelled at the Jews and the Unitarians. The humour lies in this — and we would refresh his Lord- ship's memory by its reproduction — that at one or other of the Ecumenical Councils, if not at several of them — the fol- lowing choice excommunicamus et anathematizamus was adopted and propagated :— "We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of God the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul and our own, all herotics, Hussites, Wycliffites, Lutherans, Zuiglians, Calvinists, Huguenots, Anabaptists, Trinitarians," &c.; The times when such an anathema could be fulminated have passed away, thanks to the onward progress of the world, and such Firendæ Sententiæ of mediæval days are locked up in the library of the Vatican. There let them remain. Independent of this, I cannot but think that tho Bishop's choice of " supp. rters " is further inexpliciblo on tho ¿cora of orthodoxy, and so must bo taken aa a saroasm rather than an expression mado in sober earnest. How different is the spirit displayed by Renan in his work " Lee Apôtres," as given by bia famous reviewer, ths lato Emanuel Dcutch. " If tho Church rejects IIB," ho writes, " letrusnot recriminate; thanks to our'inodora days, this kind of had ed is impotent. Lot us toko comfort in think- ing of that invisible Church which embracea tho exconi niunicttted saints, tho best souls of every time. Tho heretic or to-day ia tho orthodox of the futuro. And what beeido is tho excommunication of many? The Heavenly Father excommunicates only .tho, dry spirits and tho narrow hearts." , . ", I weuld respectfully ask tho Bishop to contrast', this pic- ture with his own, the " second ghpat of Kiama.'1, I would ask him whether the Apostlo Paul dooa not recommend tho practico of gentleness to the" Jew"first' and 'then'tq,.the. . Greek ï I would humbly ineruiro what becomes ol' all that' . love for tho Jew apoKen ed loudly every year, in the month of May^nt Exeur.Hnll, by.Anfflican bishops und othor dignitaries of the Church ? How will he account for the thirty thousand poundB spBnt annually by th» ^ood Chribtinna of Great Britain out of lovo for tho BQI,^J or f eight Jews whom they profesa to hnvo oonvorted ? Thoy do not, to my knowledge,spend so much on thoso belonging to any other faith ; boneo it folio« 8 that thoy must lev» thom more than others. Yet tho Bishop of Sydnoy, strangely enough, ndniits of a preference, if he should bo condemned to bo pilloriod--a preforenoo as singular na it is humiliating-to that of boing pilloriod with a Jew or a Unitarian; that is, with men who do thoir utmost to wo:fhip Cod faithfully, Uro God of Jons and Christinn alike-tho God of lava-tho God «ha has commanded his creatures to do good to all men, and whoae o»3y faull, in Dr. Barker'? 0565,00081818 in thoir devotion to Monotheism. The Unitarhna are well abloto nnswer for tbemsolvcs ; I would say, for my own partj that st it is usual for tiro parties to consent to a bargain, the Jews, though they lovo and eeteom all God-foaring moa, havo jet on tli"ir own »idss o decided objootion to be pilloried with Bishop Barker. I am, yours truly, MICHTAM. Sydney, November 16. 