THEATRE ROYAL. On Thursday evening 41 Hamlet' was played at the Hoyal, Mr. Fair dough impersonating the. Dahiah Prince, There was an excellent house, Shakspearian drama always drawing well in Adelaide when it is understood that actors of reputation are to make their first appearance upon our stage in the principal characters. On such occasions, too, the house is dis posed to be critical, and an audience that would rapturously applaud the very tom fSolery of low comedy, is cautious and reflective in awarding the most moderate amount of approbation to the most finely rendered passages of Shakspeare. When the artiste, however, has proved himself a master of his subjeot, the applause increases in earnestness till it becomes enthusiastic. A great authority on these matters once Baid that after all the gods were the best judges of good acting, and certainly no part of the theatre is more, attentive and applauds more .appropriately than the gallery whenever Shakspeare finds a worthy interpreter. This is but one of many proofs that the popularity of Shakspeare's plays can never die; though now and then for a time they may go out of fashion, the old love will return, and Englishmen of all classes will welcome back the earnest vigorous Saxon, the humor and pathos, the exquisite; delineations of character, the'tragic power,'the hundred excellencies that can be found combined in the productions of our greatestpoet and dramatist, and in his alone. Hamlet is the character by which, probably more than any otherj the capacity of ah aotor to do justice to Shakspoare's creations is mos:, commonly judged. There are 'certain general principles in the delineation that all observe as far as possible, but. still' there. is considerable soope for variety of interpretation even among good actors. Some present too subdued a picture, others gives too much'prominence to certain [features, and some make the contrasts too sudden and violent. In matters, of detail there may be a different . rendering, and yet it may be difficult to , assign .any" reason why one should be preferred to the other; the? may be equally, probable.. Iu the. passage, " Look here, upon this pioture, and on this," it has been common for ihe most eminent tragedians to present two miniatures'to; the Queen, but Mr. Fairclongh points to two_ portraits on the wall, and this J seems, . more likely,, and., gives better opportunities for natural and telling acting. Then, when after speaking daggers to his mother, he urges her to , repen tance, affectionate pleading miogles with and almost takes the place of .the sternest reproof. In several other points there if some variation in Mr. Fairclough's rendering from previous interpretations. He has also adopted several new readings of the text, with reference to which there may be some difference of opinion. Certainly it seems more'natural to take arms against a " siege of troubles" than a sect of troubles. To leave these particulars, we must say that, as a whole, the impersonation more than equalled the most favorable anticipations. There was a perfect freedom from rant, and yet where passion and intensity of feeling had to be repre sented theywere rendered with power aud the most telling effect. Nothing could be more easy, natural,'and impressive than the dialogue, or more exquisite - than the representation of Hamlet in all his various moods and experiences as prince, philosopher, satirist, son, lover, friend. The house was kept in the most rapt attention throughout the performance. Several times Mr. Fairclough was called before .the curtain, and on one occasion was greeted with a shower, of bouquets. Mis3 Bowring well represented the Queen, espe cially in the terrible interview with her son,"whence laid hare to her introspection.the guilt that dishonored her, and wronged the living and the dead. In the scenes with poor Ophelia she was also very effective. Mr. West's King Claudius, was above the average, this ob jectionable character being too commonly repte s-nted on the stage by a regular . stick. Mr. Walsh was successful in the'part of Polonius, and avoided the common error- of making the old' man a simple dotard. Horatio found a creditable representative in Mr. Melville," and Mr. Hollo way played Laertes with, spirit. Miss Anstead actei _ Ophelia quietly and gracefully, though a trifle iuore animation would, perhaps, have been an im provement. Mr. Carey made a good ghost, •though a little inclined to monotone. Mr. Power was well uo in the part of the first "gravedigger, and appreciated the humor of the text. Ouildenstern was insipid, and not very intelligible, and.it was naughty for Osrio to declare a " palpable hit" tint he could not possibly have seen; .but the remaining characters .generally were fairly sustained. The piece was Well mounted, though there were one or two hitches. The sliding door working of itself to admit the King to his devotions had a moat im probable appearance.'. Hamlet's entrance and soliloquy at this point, when, he hesitates whether to. kill .the King jit his prayers, was excised, which was hardly to be commended, as it is "one of the most telling passages in the tragedy. Take it altogether, however, the piece went smoothly,-and the performance was the greatest treat we .-have had in Adelaide for, years, • To night "Hamlet" will be repeated. 