HALF PRESSED. (prom cass exl's magazine) It is as near as can be sixty years ago now - since we came slowly np . toe Thames with the tide, and after a deal i of hauling: and yohoing, and dodging,. got the old ship in London Docks, after being at sea two years, and going -a'most round the world. Sick of it I was, and : longing to get ashore, for there was more than one as I was wishing to nee and get a word with— folks, too, as were as anxious to get a sight of me ; and though 1 a qoietish, steadyish sort of fellow, I felt . an if I should have gone wild with the bit of work I had to do, while my mate; Harry Willis, was most as bad. Poor chap ! he's been dead and gone now this many a long year : had his number called aud gone aloft a good fellow was Harry, and toe rest of that day him and I was knocking abont in the ship, coition down and doinn ail sorts nf little jobs, such as are wanted after a long voyage, when there's a great cargo aboard. One day passed, then aqother, and another, and mighty savage we were at being kept so long before we could get off ; but the time came at last, and only just taking a few things each in a handkerchief we slipped over toe ship's side, dropped on to the wharf and were off Well, being reglar old shipmates, you see, it was only natural that we should drop into a little public-honse that was down Wappiug way, to take a glass or two by way of a treat; and. see abont a night's lodging, where we conld be to gether, as it was qnite evening, and we'd some ways to go into the country both of ns, and meant to leave it tiU morn ing. A nice, little place it was, close aside a wharf where the tide came up, and ship after ship — colliers I think they were — lay in tieis, moored head and stern ; in short; just such a place as a sailor would choose for a .qoiet glass and 1 "n" — l"rg'"gl bting snug and cosy-looking. . But there, for the matter of that, after a poor fellow's had years at sea, knocking about in the close forks'll of a ship, everything looks snug and cosy ashore. It didn't take ns long bargaining about our beds, and then, leaving our lots with the landlady, we strolled out andJiad a walk here, aud a walk there, till close on eleven, when X says to Harry, " Fm for hammocks, lad. What say you !" " Same as you do," he says ; and we turned back, meaning to have one more glass o' grog apiece, arid then to turn in. It wasn't fer to the house, and as soon as -we got in sight we began to dawdle slowly -along, looking at the ships here and there, jnst seen as toey were by moonlight; while plenty of 'em out in toe stream showed-a lantern. " What's those fellows a-hanging about oar place for 5" says Hany, for just then we come in sigbt of a good score of chaps waiting about toe outride of the public, while another peep at 'em showed as they were 'Hug's men, audi, most of 'em had gotcntlasses. . " Thooght oura Was quiet houBe," I says ; "I hope they tint going to stop about Iprg." : : " Not they," says -Hairy, f ' come cm" So we weat:'up to toe house, and, bring first, I was goirig in, when, a tall chap lays a hand ou my shoulder, -with a " Come along my iad/we've been waiting forybu." . Y; \- What j? iTsay'.starting .far just toeri, for toe firet -time, something shot through me as it wej aad ln that short -moment I saw all that it meant, and. that was, that after years of service in a merchantman, we were . to be seized and dragged aboard a tender -to serve the- king, whether we would or no ; for this party we had come across was a press- gang. - But I bad no more time to think. Half a dozen fellows had tight hold of me directly,.. and if I had wanted to straggle, it would have been no use; Harry was not so - quiet --though. lake me, he had seen it all in a moment, and as: one «f toe gang laid a hand npon him, he -dashed it off, cried to . me to help .him, and . toe . next moment -there was a bitter straggle - going - on — one which roused me to fight ; for it was a struggle any man would engage in for bis liberty in those good old times, when a sailor was not safe if he walked the streets of a seafaring place. Harry -was a strong fellow, and .fought hard ; one .man went heavily down, and three went down together. Poor-Harry- was one . of them, while a head struck - tbe stones a most, awful blow, such as seemed -enough-to kill any fellow; but it was not Harry's, for the next moment be was np, aud before- a. soul could stop hun,'he gave a shout;, and- leaped off the wharf where we -were, into toe water. Then there., was a splash,-. and yon could see the stream all dancing like broken lights where toe lamps and moon shone, and then all was still for a few moments; till tbe officer of toe gang called to his -men to run down -toe steps and bring round -the boat. "Hold tight by that , one," he shouted,.- and next minute, -with some. of his gang, he was paddling about on the look-out for Harry, who had.never,as far as he could Bee, come up again to the surface. I did not want to run then, but stood still with the men as held me, looking anxiously out for my poor mate ; for it seemed to me then that after all the dangers we two had - been through from storms out on toe wide ocean, the -poor fellow was to lose his life in such a way as this— fighting for his - liberty when he was about to be treated like a slave. It's fine language that writers use about - Britannia ruling the waves, and onr gallant tars aud noble seamen, and the deeds they have done, but they never stop to think of toe cruelty with which those brave fellows were treated, dragged off to serve the king in a quarrel that they knew nothing about, while after being forced into toe service it was death for mutiny, if a poor fellow refused to serve. Things of the past, these, and times are altered for the better now in toe navy ; but in them good old times there were black doings; -and no wonder there were plenty -of mutinies: Here were we, two hardworking sailors, fresh home from sea, seized for all the world like blackB, and to be made slaves of for yearato come, -whilst people were always boasting of toe land of the free. Thank goodness, some -of those things are better now, and it was time that they shonld be, for I saw enongh of a ship of war in days to com Bnt it was not to be -then ; -for when, aftera minute or so, there was no sign of poor Hatty, the blood seemed to rise np in, my eyes, and in a savage fit of passion I wrested myself from the two men who held me tigtatly ; for I had been standing qniet, and they were taken ap with the doings of their mates, and did not expect that I should make -a straggle for it now. So I -twisted my self free, bit ont right and left; and tumbled one fellow off the wharf into toe - water, and then, -before anybody could stay me, I dashed off But I was not free-yet ; I had to pass the steps, from which two of the gang ran to stop me ; but I bad good way on them, and as one of them- made a blow at me with a cndgel, I came down upon him like a ram, tumbled bim over, and then was rating along the street with half a dozen of the gang shouting and running after me like mad. It was a hard ran that; up one lane and down another, hard as I conld tear. with the hot breath panting ont of my chest; and a horning feeling strong on me, as if I'd swallowed live coals. But it was for liberty, and the thought of what would follow if I was caoght, made me dash on faster eveiy time I felt ready to sink and give -in. Eveiy time I looked over my shoulder I could . see one or two of toe gang after- me, but at last there was only one; mid him it Eeemed as if .1 couldn't tire ont, for there he always was jnst abont the same distance behind, taking step for step with me. We were neither of us going fest now for want of breath, and the perspiration ran down my face ; but everything I tried to shake him off seemed of no nse, and eveiy time I tamed roand to look, there he was still hunting me down like a dog. I tried doubling. down a court but he was close after me ; turned down one street and up another; but there he was still ; and the more I tried the closer he seemed to get to me. Well, this seemed to make me savage, and my teeth got gritting together, and as I knew that he was only one now, having outrun all his mates, and must be as tired as I was, I said to myself, " If he takes me, he'll have to fight for it." Then ;I ran down another court which toroeaoff to toe right again directly after, and tiien . came a terrible disappointed feeling, for I saw that I was in a trap, and when I remembered the cudgel the press-gang man had, it seemed as if' my chance, was gone, for there Was no way out of the court at the bottom. People think quickly at a time like this, and in ' a moment I was hid behind a comer, and listening, to tbe patter of the sailor's feet as he came down the court ' Next moment I put all toe Strength I had left in the blow I fetched him aside his head;; down he went with his head upon the stones, and jumping over him, I ran out into the street and felt that I was free. I was sorry for the press-gang rVip as soon as I had hit him ; bnt; duty or no duty,, the men were a deal too fond of getting, other poor fellows into the same scrape as themselves, and as I felt I was free, iny breath seemed to come easier, and I went along the streets at a gentle trot, till I felt that I must be safe. I wasn't . going to etop in, London any -more, so I made my way, late to it was, to the Great North Road, and daybreak found me trudging wearily along between the pleasant hedgerows, thinking veiy 'sadly about poor Hany, who came from toe next village to mine in Hertford shire; and turuingit over inmy mind how I should foil his poor old folks ' about their lad bang drowned at home here when faying to get dear of the press- gang. It seemed so hard, and I'm afrud I said more than one qneer thing about the king aud all his service as I trudged along homeward ; but, in spite of all, the morning was so bright and cheety, the country looked so green and sweet, and the birds sang so, tbat I couldn't feel down-hearted long ; while, having no kit to carry, I got fast over the gronnd, only stopping once to have a good hearty breakfast at a roadside public-house, and early that afternoon I was at home: I'm not goiug to keep you long now, -while as to the fuss made over a sailor at home after a long voyage, that's a matter of coarse. Next day I started off to walk six miles to Harry's friends, to tell them tbe sad news ; and a bard job that seemed, for they were nice old people, and of a better class — the old man doing a bit of farming in his way — aud, as he afterwards told me, there was plenty for Harry to do at home, only he would go to sea. "Poor old chap," 1 thought, " it does seem hard," and twenty times over I was ready to turn back, for I felt that I couldn't tell the old folks the bitter news. Last of all I stood resting on a stile, thinking it all over, and going through the whole scene, even seeming to hear the poor fellow's cry as he leaped right in the water ; while only after a bard fight conld I wind myself up to tbe right pitch, when, for fear that my heart shonld fail again, I ran bard right up to the little place, and walked into the kitchen, where the old folks were sitting, at dinner. " News of Harry ?" they both cried, jumping up, and then they read it all in my blank face, and the poor old woman was down on her knees sobbing, with her apron over her head, and the old man faying to comfort her. Tbey didn't- ask no questions, aud the words all seemed to stick in my throat as I tried to speak, and say that, after all, it might not be so bad as I felt sure it was. Last of all, with a regular wail, the old lady burst out — " Dead — dead — dead ! Oh, my poor ; — poor boy !" "Not this time, mother," shouted a cheety voice, aud I got such a slap on the back as nearly sent me on to my nose, and I says, says I — " Well, if that's Hany's ghost he's a reg'lar downright hard hitter." " How did I manage it?" says Harry, just half an hour after, as we were all sitting at dinner, except the old lady, who would wait on us, so as she could get behind Hal now and then, and have a stroke at his curly hair — " how did I manage it 1 why 1 jumped right slap off the wharf." " Well, I saw that," I says. " And then I dived till I felt about choked, when I thought I'd rise, and I came np against what I'm sore was the keel of a brig, but I kicked out again and came up t'other side." " What ! dived right under the brig ?" I says. " I ain't a marine, Rany." " True as you sit there," he says ; " and then, as I could hear tbe gang shouting, I let myself float with the tide down through the shipping ; and I gut nearly jammed between two schooners. But after a bit I worked myself through, and now swimming, and now easing my self along by the anchor's chains, I got to where there was a landing-place be tween two great warehouses, and crept up tbe slippery stone steps dripping like a rat ; and then, to tell the truth, I forgot all about you till I'd tramped haff way home, where I stopped and went to bed while my things were dried for me ; when I went fast asleep and slept for hours till too late to go on home. And this morning, so as not to be a bad ship mate, I came through Soutbton village, and told you know who that you was took, for I couldn't face your old people." " You told Lucy as I was took ?" I says, jumping up. " Yes," he says, " I did." But I didn't wait to bear no more, for I ran out of the honse like mad to go and prove that I was not took, fur some how or another I felt too bashful to go to Southton, though I meant to have gone that day ; while when I got there Lucy had gone three miles to comfort, as she thought, my old folks. But I needn't tell you any more about that It was a narrow escape, though, for I met several fellows who were pressed that very night, and it was five years before they got their liberty again. 