BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) North Britain is crushing splendid stone. Tho plates shew well for large... gold. E )ion have risen up to the level of Exccuta61 and explect 'to break through in a day or two. The rise will then be used as a winze shaft. The stone will only be handled once; when the truck is filled it will be drawn up, placed upon the road, and convoyed along the tramway to the hopper. The reef is from 6ft., to 8ft. wide, and carries both course and fine gold, which is well distributed through the stone. They hope to commence crushing in the early part of next week. The water race is completed, which will give a constant supply. The machinery is in good working order. The lode is speedily and cheaply worked, conse- quently the shareholders may reasonably expect to receive dividends in a few weeks. The Red White and Blue are crushing good stone taken from winze. Plates look well; an ounce to the ton is expected. The Barry's Reef Oddfellows' ball and supper came off on Wednesday evening, the 20th. About 80 ladies and gentlemen attended. I am told that the spread was all that could be desired, and reflected great credit on the hostess, Mrs. Paulson. Dancing was kept up until 7 o'clock on Thursday morning. The Sultan for the fortnight had 156oz. 11dwts, of gold. North Sultan cleaned up last week, and had 25oz. 11dwts. The Eldorado had 16ozs,. 3dwts. 12grs. The yield is considerably below what was expected. Alluvial.--There are still some good patches left. Hodge and party have been unearthing a good many nuggets from ground situated near Shepherd's Reef, Long Gully. The party divided for one week's labour £32 per man. On Friday evening last the Rev. Mr. Waterhouse delivered, in the Wesleyan Church, Simmons Reef, a very interesting lecture on Fiji. The rev. lecturer laboured as a missionary in that country for many years. On Sunday last the new Wesleyan Church at Barry's Reef (although not lined) was opened for divine service. The morning and evening services were conducted by Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, who is about to return to Fiji. The rev. gentleman read for morning lessons 1st Kings viii, and Acts iv, from the 18th verse.- The rev. gentleman's morning text was Isaiah 7-lvi. "For mine house shall be called a house of prayer for all people." At evening service the rev. gentle- man gave as the lesson 14th chapter of Luke. Text, 14th Luke, 33rd verse " Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath he cannot be my disciple." Although I took a full report of both ser- mons to attempt to condense them would be a work of considerable time. Suffice it to say the rev. gentleman has an original mind, his language is chaste, and delivery good. His manner is impressive. He reduces the whole subject to personal religion, its practicability, its joys, sorrows and rewards. The Rev. Mr. Smith preached the afternoon sermon, and selected for his text the 3rd chapter 1st Corinthians, part of 9th verse "Ye are God's building." He said the Christian Church is God's building. It is holy, safe, indestructible,. and like opening a well in the desert. He spoke of the stately cathedral, its measured chants, &c.;, and referred to Solomon's Temple, also to the second Temple after the captivity. The state of religion in the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th centuries,; and the Reformation in Luther's time. The spiritual temple was built and adorned by God alone, Jesus Christ being the corner stone, built on the prophets and apostles, Jesus uniting Jew and Gentile. How wonderfully has the spiritual temple progressed? It began in a manger and ended upon a cross ! This day we celebrate the gift of the Holy Ghost. Christ com- mands the apostles to go unto all the world. God has ever, watched over and delivered his people. In Egypt they passed through the Red Sea, and were delivered. All who profess to serve God are not spiritual stones. He asked did his hearers form part of God's building ? Let them beware of normal christianity; the outward and visible signs of true religion were the Lord's Supper, class meetings, &c.; Each stone had its place. If we do not work we can give; be burning and shining lights; remember your responsibility. He trembled at the responsi- bility the gold of Australia gives. Mr. Smith concluded with expressing the pleasure it gave him to officiate at the invitation of Rev. Mr. Robin, and hoped there would be a holy rivalry. The sermon was delivered in a very impressive and solemn manner, attended with deep feeling. The rev. gentle- man has a pleasing style, and gives many very eloquent passages. The collections after each service were good. On the following Monday there was a public tea in the old chapel. The tables were loaded with good things. Mesdames J. Snell, T. Mounter, Kellow, and Brown presided. The attendance was large, the tables being filled three times, and some of them partially a fourth time After tea there was a public meeting in the new church. It commenced by singing the hymn " Before Jehovah's awful throne." Rev. Mr. Robin engaged in prayer. Mr. Walker took the chair, and after making a few appropriate remarks called upon Mr. Jones to give a financial statement. Mr. Jas. Barkla addressed the meeting in a neat speech. The choir, with Mr. Liddicott at the harmonium, sang the anthem " Prodigal Son," after which the Rev. Mr. Robin delivered an effective address on science and religion, which was received with great applause. Some pf the audience cried out "go on, go on." Choir gave anthem 26. The collection was then made. The Chair- man introduced the Rev. Mr. Waterhouse, who delivered an interesting address on Fiji. He landed in that country in 1853, and was instrumental in prevailing on the King to do away with cannibalism, and was instrumental, in the hands of God, in con- verting him to Christianity, and to the abolition of polygamy. He described the scene when the King's 78 wives were collected together, and were told they were free. The rev. speaker married the King to the Queen. He described the plots against the King, and himself. The answers to his prayers, the deliverance by Almighty God. He was going to Fiji, and did not know what the future would be. He asked the Christitans of Barry's Reef to pray for him. Mr. Garland proposed, Mr. Hall seconded, a vote of thanks to the choir, also to the ladies. Mr. White proposed, Rev. Mr. Robin seconded, votes of thanks to the Chairman and the ministers who officiated on the Sabbath. Chairman and Rev. Mr. Water- house acknowledged the compliment. This was one of the happiest and best tea meetings ever experienced on Blackwood. The provisions were good and plentiful, the people were happy amt cheerful, and the speakers sustained the interest of the meet- ing until a late hour. The proceeds were excellent amounting to £2 11s. 10d. On visiting Barry's Reef to-day (Tuesday) I found that an excellent impression had been made, and that the trustees will receive valuable support. I may add that taking into consideration the cold and wet weather on Sunday, the congregations were large. On Monday the large chapel was comfort- ably filled. The services of the choir were worthy of much commendation. The Rev. Mr. Waterhouse lectured at Barry's Reef and Red Hill on behalf of the Widows' Assurance Fund. The rev. gentle- man is master of the subject, and clearly demonstrated the benefits to be derived from insuring, especially in this society. A com- parative statement compiled from; the pub- lished reports of the Victorian mutual offices, shows that the cost of management of the Australian Widows' fund is much less than that of the National and Mutual and the fees are lower. They are only a little higher than those of the Scottish, which is the most successful in the old country. The profits in the Australian Widows' Fund are divided every five years. 