EUROPEAN NEWS. Our telegrams from. Europe announce another triumph for the Due de Broglie. The Bill relating to the appointment of Maires has been carried, and' the Govern ment have even had a solid majority of 42 on their side. Unfortunately no intelligence has reached us of the distinctive features of the measure. It is probable, however, that it had for its object to place the Municipal governments more absolutely under the control of the Ministry than has ' hitherto been the 'case. This, together with the fact that the Mair£s exercise most important functions in connection with the elections, would account for the excitement with which the proposal appears to have been received by the Opposition. The Due de Broglie has sufficiently shown his facility for working the Municipal authorities in the interests of Conservatism, and any attempt to add to his legal power in that direction was certain to be unpalatable to the parties of the Left. Whatever its exact character, "the appointment. of Mairgs Bill" was evidently raised to the dignity of a ques tion crucial to the existence of the jpovern ment. The history of their success is very much a reproduction of the "Marshalate victory upon which it so closely follows. The' struggle in the Assembly opened with what might mean a defeat, for after a stormy scene a motion for the postponement of the debate was carried, and the position of the Ministry became so embarrassed that they placed their resignation in the lands of the President, who declined to accept it. Their action, like Marshal MacMahon's celebrated message upon the prolongation, appears to have caused a reaction, for it was followed by the Assembly passing a vote of confidence in them by a majority jof 58. An amendment upon the BUI was next rejected, and now the original measure has been affirmed by a subi&antial; majority. Fol lowing upon the, newB of this decisive victory for the Govprnment comes a signifi cant announcement with regard to the foreign policy of France. The present heads of tne Republic, although not at all inclined to join in the cruiade against Ultramon tanism which Germany Has undertaken, have agreed upon a line beyond which Papal interference will not be tolerated. They have no objection to pilgrimages ; they are content to allow the priesthood every reasonable latitude in their efforts to maintain the hold of the Church upon the nation: they entertain a profound veneration for the Holy Father and a pious solicitude for his welfare, but they decline to allow the relations towards the Vatican to imperil the maintenance of goodwill between the nation and Italy. So long as the present regime lasts His Holiness cannot hope for the assistance of France in reinstating him as temporal ruler in Rome. The announce ment is reassuring, and will be hailed with satisfaction throughout Europe. There is only one other scrap of information in the telegram, and it presents a complete contrast to the items we have been alluding to. That remarkable pair, the Siamese twins, after living to a good old age, have at length given np the ghost. One feels carious to knttv some particulars as to their last moments, but on this point the message is dumb. It has long been matter of. speculation amongst the medical pro fession whether the vital spark would leave both portions of this dual human system at one time, or whether it would be possible for one twin to live on after the death of the other. In all probability this problem has now been solved, bat upon that point we shall have to await further tidings. Adelaide Marine and Fire Assurance Company.—We have been favoured with the balance-sheet of this Company for the half year ended January 5. In the marine department a fair and steady increase of business has been registered. The premiums for the period referred to reached £13,753 7s. 5d., while the losses, including those unpaid, amounted to £9,746 9s.—leaving a profit on this account of £4,006 18s. 5d. The amount set down for losses includes the risks of the Company on the Rangitoto, R. I. Robertson, and Iron King. The fire department shows a credit balance of £837 18s. 8d., the premiums being £2,658 4s. 2d., and the losses £1,820 5s. 6cL The sum of £830 6s. lid. has been received in the shape of interest upon mortgages and other secu rities, thus making the total income, after deducting losses, £5,675 4s. From this mcBt be taken £2,199 lis. 3d. for current expenses, and this leaves, a net profit balanoe of £3,475 12s. 9d. This makes the revenue account stand at £12,456 Is. 5d.; but as the pre miums on risks still current amount to £6,534 7s., it only leaves an available balance of £5,921 14e. 0d. as profit. The Directors state that " this amount being insufficient to liquidate the unpaid call of 10s. per share, the call will still remain as a liability of the shareholders, as your Direotors have no power to cancel it, and no desire to enforce its oolleotiou unless the shareholders so decide," 