THE LORD'S DAY. The Legislative Assembly lias just rejected the proposition to secularise any further the Lord's-day. We hold that in '-?. this they did wisely and rightly. Wisely : for even if it had been morally lawful to impose needless work on any on the Lord's day, we believe it would have been still inexpedient to tamper with the repose of the day of rest. For it is more than doubtful whether after all. even if the public libraries and museums were opened on the Sunday, this alone would to any appreciable extent have affected the indulgence in sloth or rioting, in drinking and sleeping, on that day. Our belief is that it would not have taken ten people out of any one of our most depraved streets or lanes. No doubt some persons, who now wander in the fields, . would then wander through these buildings ; but we believe that the general and immediate effect of the proposed move ment, whether for good or for evil, would have been infini tesimal. But if it be asked, why then need we consider this move ment at all 1 we answer, because we believe it to be wrone in principle — as requiring work from man on the day of rest, and inserting the thin end of the wedge, which would here after be driven home, to the rending asunder and utter demoli tion of the sanctity of the Lord's day; which would result (as the petitions presented to Parliament set forth) not only, and at once, in excluding some men, whose conscientious convictions prevent them from working on the Sunday, from the public service, or, at least, in rendering their situations as employes precarious; but that it would eventually lead to extensive employment of labour on that day, and to the opening of places of amusement in general, conducted by private parties for their own profit. In short, that it would have led to such a misuse of the Lords day as obtains in many parts of the continent of Europe, where not only theatres, but workshops, are open, and men are not only invited to heedless gaiety, but com pelled to serious labour on the great day of rest. And, therefore, our motto must be, in this, as in so many other things, ' principiis obsta' : Resist the first beginnings of evil. a Not that we think it is a wrong thing, in itself, to spend some time on Sundays in looking at sacred or noble pictures or reading thoughtful books, which lead men to reflect on God— whether in Christ the Lord, or. in His works of nature. Certainly it is much better that men should look at any decent pictures, or read any decent books, than that they should spend their time, as so many do, in mere feast ing, or idle talk, or scandal-mongering. But, whilst it may very well become a Government which says (practically) that it cannot and will not recognise, or have anything to do with, religion, to offer men these second rate motives to sobriety or morality, it certainly does not become us, as the Church of Christ, to offer them (or to leave them, unwarned, to accept) any but the highest motives. It does not become us, on this question of the observance of the Lord's day, to lower our standard to meet the lower religion (if there is religion at all in their motives) of the careless ; it does not become us to offer them a lower standard than the Word of God. V And, therefore, whilst we expect the Government— accord- ing to the very low and mistaken notions of government which prevail in these days, and in this place — will not insist on what it itself may believe to be the best and highest laws, but will yield to the will, or the wishes, of the majority (how ever heedless), it becomes us at least, who believe in the . Bible, to try to keep ourselves still in that majority on this mattei1, as well as on all others which affect the moral and spiritual well-being of the community. ??'.'??.? And when we find that this movement was commenced, . not by earnest and reverent men, but by spiritists and others, who reject all revealed religion — by men who discard not only some human views of the atonement, of eternal death, «fec, btit all the most clear scriptural teaching about reconciliation by Christ, as well as all the other chief points of the faith once delivered to the saints — by men who set themselves up as superior to the Bible itself, and yet are the dupes of table turning, and spirit-rapping, and such-like mummeries — nay, by some of the Nunawading Prophets, with all their sancti monious indecencies ; then, indeed, we may well suspect the tendencies of a movement which owns these as the movers.; nay, we are sure that they at least believe that it will land men in the same pestilential regions which they have, in their delusion, mistaken for the islands of the blest. Noscitur a sodis is a good old proverb, the spirit of which is found in the corresponding phrase — that the nature of a movement may be inferred from the character of its promoters. If we see that a suspicious craft has a well-known pirate for its captain, we need not wait till it has openly hoisted the black flag to be assured of its intentions. And when we pass from reviewing the leaders to examining into their specious war-cry, ' Freedom !' we are equally reminded of the inspired warning against turning liberty into licentiousness, and of the wise Frenchwoman's exclama tion, ' Oh liberty! what crimes have been perpetrated in thy name.' For what a gloriously free country would that be in which every man could do as he liked ! What protection to our property and person should we enjoy % What peace and prosperity ! Sunday freedom ! Two of the champions of it have let us knoAv very well what it means to them in their different spheres. One, an Ecclesiastic, dislikes the perfect sanctity of the Lord's day, because it implies that the ten command ments are binding on Christians. And if so, then the second, which forbids the bowing down to graven images, and this prohibition would not suit the priest of Rome. Another, an actor, dislikes the English Sunday, because theatres are shut on it, and so he has only six, instead of seven days, left him for gain. Sunday freedom ! Yes. The freedom of the lessees of theatres to insist on their actors and supernumeraries doing their work on that day. The freedom of masters to make their workmen labour on that day; or leave their service. The freedom of the noisy and licentious, to make such a Babel of that day that no quiet and thoughtful man should possess his soul in peace, or be able, as he ought and desires, to meditate on his God. This is the Sunday freedom that some advocate. Others say, with equal ingenuity, let us at any rate only discuss this as a social, not as a religious question. In other words, let us give up our chief argument for the sacred ness of the Lord's day, that our opponents may have a better chance of defeating us with secular sophistries. For, after all, this must resolve itself more or less into a religious question. For, thank God, we are not yet relapsed into utter heathenism, or into utter indifference to Christi anity. Our laws are (or profess to be) formed upon religious principles. Our legislators, in nine cases out of ten, at least, profess to be Christians. And, by the way, we think that one result of this controversy will be, that Christian electors will resolve more than ever to have themselves l'epresented by Christian men. It is first of all a religious question, ?with us Christians at least, and then a social question. First, then (and we cannot too often insist upon the fact), the day of rest had its origin, not under the Jewish dispensa tion, but at the creation of man. As an institution for man, therefore, it was never exclusively Jewish, but comprehensively human. For, long before the Jews were called, as a nation, to be the chosen people of God, the day of rest had been appointed. 'We read of it long before the time of Moses — long before even the calling of Abraham. We read of it in G-en, ii. 2, as following immediately on the creation. No wonder, then, that Christ says, not that the Sabbath was made for the Jews, but the Sabbath was made for man. It is objected to this view that there is no mention made of the clay of rest, again, in the Old Testament, till the giving of the manna to the Israelites in the wilderness; but then neither was there any allusion during that time to the great moral duties enjoined by the other commandments. Not till the 20th chapter of Exodus were men told, so far as we know from the Bible, not to take God's name in vain, to honour their parents, not to commit adultery, or to steal, or to bear false witness, or to covet. But who imagines, because these other commandments are not mentioned during that time, that, therefore, they were not in some way given 1 But, in fact, the Sabbath is mentioned again as existing 40 years at least before the giving of the law — before the promulgation of the other nine commandments. In Exodus xvi., we find that immediately after the deliverance of the Israelites out of Egypt they were ordered to gather enough manna on the six days to suffice for them on the seventh day also. And the command is prefaced by Moses, with these remarkable words : — ' This is that which the Lord hath said, To-morrow is the rest of the Holy Sabbath unto the Lord.' And afterwards, ' See/ for that the Lord hath given you the Sabbath.' It is quite certain, then, that the day of rest was known before the giving of the law. But may we not well believe that it had been known, and observed, before the captivity of the Israelites in Egypt, but had been necessarily broken by them then ; for, of course, their heathen taskmasters there would not allow them to cease from their brick making, and other work, on that day ; and so it might well come to be almost, if not quite, forgotten by them, and to need to be, so to speak, re-instituted, re-enacted. Long afterwards, indeed, the prophets urged that their Sabbath day was a peculiar sign that the Jews were God's chosen people. But this can by no means be said (as those I who wish Christians not to observe the day of rest allege) to : prove that only the Jews were to keep it ; but, on the contrary, it might more fairly be inferred that the keeping holy of the day of rest would always be one of the most conspicuous outward and visible works of the Church, the Israel of God, whether amongst Jews or Gentiles. We come, then, to the fourth commandment itself, and to this some men object altogether as no longer binding oh Christians. . Now, this is certainly not the view of our own church, which bids us read the whole of the ten commandments continually in our communion service, and say after every one of them — -'Lord have mercy upon us, and incline our hearts to keep this law.' And in the seventh article on the Old Testament, the church disci'iminatingly states, 'Although the law given from God by Moses, as touching ceremonies and rites, does not bind Christian men, yet notwithstanding no Christian man whatever is free from the obedience of the commandments which are called moral.' And although, of course, these statements of the church would be of no force unless they could, according to her own rules, be proved from Holy Scripture, yet, to all those who are capable of receiving fair argument, they can be so proved. For assuredly there was such a marked distinction from the beginning between these ten commandments, graven on the two tables of stone, and all the mere ceremonial law, that we should have expected them to last when all the ceremonies might be abolished; ' .For we see this difference consisted not only in the solemn manner in which these commandments, were given, as compared with the rest of the law, and. in the care -which the Jews themselves took of those two tables of the coni i mandments, enshrining them in the ark under the mercy seat, but it consisted in the very nature of the command i ments themselves. ? ' And as, accordingly, nearly all the other commandments are quoted and enforced by our Lord and His apostles, ? why should we suppose that the fourth is not as binding as the l'est? It is true, it is not urged upon the Jews by Christ, for the simple reason that, so far from being neglected by them, as many of the other commandments were, it was most scrupulously observed, not only according to the injunction of the fourth commandment, and to the proper Jewish law, b\it even with all manner of additional and often most vexatious and absurd punctilios. In like manner we notice neither Christ nor His apostles ever enforced the second commandment, because, as a matter of fact, the Jews kept that also most carefully, after the scourging they had in the captivity for breaking that law and committing idolatry. Of course there was much about the Jewish law of the way of keeping the Sabbath, which was peculiar to them as a nation — not to gather sticks, not to cook any food, not to buy or sell anything whatsoever, in any circumstances -3 but all these are the strict and rigid commandments which were needed, indeed, by the Jews, as being only children in religion, but which are not literally binding on Christian men. We need not enlarge on how the day came to be changed by the Christian church to the first day of the week, and how St. Paul's words, ' Let no man judge you in respect of the Sabbath-day,' are, in all fairness, to be tmderstood only as not requiring Christians to keep the Jewish Sabbath— the seventh day: — as well as their own Lord's day : just as, oil another occasion, he says there is no need for Christian con verts being circumcised, as well as baptized. But there is one disputed point, on which we would add a few words. Men should remember, that, whatever some assert, there is no place in the New Testament in which the ten commandments, as such, are abrogated; but that, on the contrary, many of them are explicitly confirmed by our Lord and the Apostles ; and, therefore, we may infer that all are intended by them to be continued in force. To this men reply that the fourth commandment is more a matter of form than the other nine, and, therefore, is not to be observed by Christians. But to this we answer, first, that no man' has any right to make a distinction between the importance of one com mandment and that of another, when God has made no such I distinction ; and, secondly, that it cannot be truly said that any part of the fourth commandment is merely formal — except (to some extent) the appointment of the seventh day of the week rather than any other. For this, however, there was a reason given — which was of full force among the Jews, who only (or chiefly) knew God as the Creator— namely, that He then rested from his work of creation, and bade them rest too, and adore Him as the Creator. This one reason may be said to be superseded spiritually by the two revelations which, on the other hand, God made of Himself on the first day of the week, in the resurrection of Christy as the mighty and accepted Redeemer ; and on the day of Pentecost (Whitsunday) as the Holy Ghost, the Sanctifier. The church of Christ has, therefore, gone as far as man dares in adopting the first day for the sacred rest instead of the seventh — at the same time not forgetting God as the Creator, whilst she. specially worships Him as that which fallen man specially needs Him as — the Redeemer and Renewer of our race. But it would be absurd to say there is anything merely formal in appointing one day in every seven as a day of rest — aye, and of sacred rest — ' holy to the Lord,' for wor ship, as well as repose. For man's nature, bodily, mental, spiritual, has been proved to need siich rest. And thus, in the fullest sense, the Sabbath was made for man, to supply the wants of his three-fold nature. And then men should remember, again, that the fourth commandment, so far from being merely formal, includes another and a most important practical injunction. 'Six days shaltthou labour, and do all that thou hast to do.' Here is at once an injunction to diligence, and the permis sion to man to use six days out of every seven (surely enough 1) for his own learning and gain and pleasure. Then, in fact, so far from abrogating the ten com mandments, our Lord Himself says, ' Think not I am come to desti-oy the law,' -fcc. As, therefore, He enlarged the sixth and seventh commandments, and made them include also prohibitions against anger and lust, so surely he would have us increase (if possible), and not diminish, the sanctity of the fourth commandment, and make the day really more, not less, holy than the Jews made it ! As to the objections cavillers make against the way in which Christians should observe the Lord's day, we have left ourselves very little room to answer them ; we must, therefore, content oiu-selves with not mentioning them specifically, and one by one, but with generalising them. They arrange themselves, then, into two classes, for, some say, either we are not strict enough in our observance of this day, or we are too strict. First, they demand that we shall literally, if we want the Lord's day as a day of sacred rest, do no work on it, however directly and manifestly conducive to health of body or eleva tion of soul ; that we shall not prepare needful food, nor go into the country for a walk, or, if necessary, for still niore decided change of air, nor use the services of any officials about the church on that day. To this class of objections we answer, first, . that we are not under the strictness of the Jewish Sabbath ; and secondly, that even if we were a little, as our Lord says, ' The priests in the temple profane the Sabbath, and are blameless.' To their second objection — that, if we relax some of the Jewish strictness in this, we must relax to any extent men choose — we reply, not so, but (as St. James bids us) we ?will try so to speak and act as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty. And that law is plain, that God would not have us to do anything on this day which we cannot truly affirm to be helpful, on the one hand, to the rest of all— rest of the weary body and mind; and, on the other hand/ to holiness — to the improvement of the soul. 