MINmGlNT&LIGENCS.; WaEffiillaCoifipany—Manager's Beport: j —From the • mtermediato level there is nothing liew to .report. -No. 1 lievel.—. The lode in the face at the south drive on fee first -eastern veui.13: not quite .so well defined t the stone, however, lias stili very promising appearance, lii 4he »r winze ttopes north another stope has beeUi commenced. -The stone from the flat yein andtfrom 4heistope; on j4hfe eastern; yein south of the mullock: winze is yield-' ing good stone,'-(of a fair avorj^e quality. jTo 2 lievel—All the stopes are m^ood order; the lode is- rather wider, and the. stone of the ordinary quality. In ihe south ..level the lode ; is. about 3" feet m. width between the walls. Ko. 3 Level. , —The south drive .has been temporarily suspended: 1 The 6 inch rem in the western ! cross-cut contanues its coui^ aloug tlie. Same line of bearing, but the Stone u not quite' so good as. when last reported.on. The face of tlie north drive shows a £ne body of stone about 6 inches in width between walls—good average atone.. The men iii:aie «haSt have not made as good progress ais .usual. ' All ;the machinery is iii good working order. The amount of anSlgam on hand is 1189 ozs 10 dwts. ', North Gippslaiid 'Gompimy.—Manager's, jReport:—The shaft -contractors are persevering with the sinking, and have reached the depth ot 65 feet from the plat The? are' 'no* busy timbering the, last ten feet, ^teh'irin'be dompleted to-day. STo cbang?r in the nature of the tountry. The tnbutora ara -hosiiv .engaged opening - out in the old Twesterlyiiworkmgs,..and,expect in ..a few: shifts, snore to break through into their tunnel, when they intend to send down stone for crushing. Pioneer Company, Tangd.—Managers •Report s^m have completed whim «ud puddling machine; and a trial, washing on the 21st instant of one machine of stuff yielded 4 ozs of gold..= This yield may be considered higHy satisfactory. Having now completed all the Wscfessary isppbances for be ejqjected, and -calls at an enoL : "^Valhalla Gopper-MimngCompany,—The. contractors have driven 12 feet during Uie -past week, making "the total length of the 'tunnel 47 feet 6 inches. Slate stiU in the : Old Happy Tribute.-During th« weelt the men have been employed shifting the blacksmith's forge down to the works, and have sank about 3 feet So improvement m the ground since last, report.. : long Tunnel Company.—We understand, that the amalgam -on hand for the fortnight amounts to ^2600 ounces.. Long Tunnel Extended Company.—The main tunnd is now completed to the distance of 102 feet in » workmanlike and •substantial-manner- The mouth of-the tnnnd :is-«ecurdv timbered, and ra permanent line. of . tramway, , with a dram at the reqinred. depth, liss been completed to the (present face, with everything m foll working order. TheJSmithy andahop and all the dead Work that was necessary to be done as now 431 bat ifimshed, and sveTything ready for ths contractors {whose .tenders art to be opened on 'Tuesday next) to commence operationa— fl^hen^a lady hits a $entlemsii over- the head:with ber sunshade, in Kentucky, they aay he was "parasoled." A-fssbion paper, asks—What- is to be 'worn *t the water-places this summer T Mr :Qiii) p. suggests -clothes. .-...: Calcutta churchgoers are striking against long sermons in "hot weather, and have proposed thatdnnngtbehot season there should be DODE at all in the morning, and very short ones in the evening ; A Sierras NOT SOON FO*GOTTK».—AN! Arizona editor describes a wedding j»rty in tbst ttmtory as follows-—"The bride in' white — the happy groom — the solemn minister—the smiling- patents —and - from !tw«i)ty--frvte to forty shot-guhs standing agtinatthe -wall ready for use—make op * panoramanot soon forgntten." : - . ''The vilest sslnner m»y return," 1 wrolea pious (Methodist girl to hej- lover with whoai she hsd parted m anger. .--Some students fixed up a ghost and •placedlton* staircase of ihe Troy Coort- 'House the othertjughi, i»n'd- then retired :and iwmuted;"developments. A y.lwiristei: came along and didnUget frightened. He disrpbed lt^ind now wears, a lifteen-dollar ..pair of pantalooDs^aten- dollarvestja seven-dollar i pair of fadots,iuid an eight-dollar hat j while one Of the students goes about without a \- vest,ana anotlier TOarn8 around through .Ifae least" frequented stieets wearing a very ancient pair of walkers fFoBialla Ckroiacle. 