NEW ZEALAND. Parliament has been opened with a speech in which reference is made to tho projected cable communication 'j 'also to the inoreaee of revenue. A promise is given of' the creation of State forests. Means' are to be taken for guarding against difficulties between the two Houses; also to provide additional eleotion,, qualifica tions. ' . ? : . , City Voluxbee Fiue Bbigabb. — Tho ad journed meeting of this body took place last night at tho Fire Station, when the deputy superinlendeut, Mr. Sweeney, presen tod to the superintendent, Mr. Beattio, in the name of tho membors, a. copy (handsomely framed) of the large photograpbio group of the membors of tho Brigade, recently taken. Mr. Beattio, in returning thankB remarked on tho pleasant relations which had always existed between himself and the Brigade, and said that ho highly valued their gift. It was announced that on Tuesday evening next there would be a practice ' drill with the new hose, which is 500 feet in length j and that to-morrow evening Professor Haselmayor is to give a, benefit ou behalf of tho Brigade Band, tickets for whioh are obtainable from the members. Haseimateb.— Another ouocessful perform ance vras given at the School of Arts last night by this oxoollent professor of legerdemain. HiB Excellency the Governor and suite were pre sent. To-night a speoial feature of the perform ance will bo the explanation of the Goblin Brum— ^-the forking of whioh - has caused so . much speculation. There v» ill also be a distri bution of oa'narioB, and et'ory lady preeent will receive a puQtggrapb.;oMhe profoMor. ' ?: Loyal Obanob Institution ov Qotjens-. i/akd.— XIio 12tb of July -passed off iii the floggo district with groat ecliit.- The brethren and friends of tbo Orango lodges thoro' met at tho Orange Hall at half-pnst 1, and sat down to a sumptuous spread, whioh was vory croditably got up by Host Hardcastlo. Speeches appro priate to tho occasion woro dolivorod by various speakers ; songs and mugio woro in abundance ; nearly all Oxloy Crook brethren camo down with their families, which crowded 'ouv littlo building to its utmost capacity ; and dancing wns kopt up with spirit to the wee hours of the morning. Tho ladies looked charming, dressod in orango nnd blue j a huge bou-firo showed tho way to Boggo, and blazod as fierce as on the hills of tho Emerald Islo. The meeting broke up at 3 a.m., giving three ringing1 cheers for tlio Queen. Thus passed oho 'of tho most pleasant of tho 184 anniversaries of tho Boy ne.— Cow- inunicated. ??,?:?:?? ? ? .? ?, . ,.. Queensland Theatre.— Miss Maggio Oliver took her benefit. lost night, and the icrammed state of tho house bore full. testimony to the estimation in which this vory clever actress is held by Brisbane audiences. It is a question whether pieces bettor Buited to show this lady's remarkable versatility might not have, bson chosen, but it would seem, to bo hypercritical to find fauit where the audienco was so thoroughly amused as last night. 'Tho Governor's Wifo' is ono of those pieces on tho' old- fashioned model, full of amusing inoidentB of. a .nalurp thoroughly impossihlo outside a theatre, j Tlio main plot of tho comedy, which in many respeots rcBomblesau excellent 'piece lately played at this theatre (' Oheokmate ') turns on the adventures of a party consisting ;0f ' Captain' Holystone,' a bluff captain of a man-of-wju; (capitally played by Mr. Haeker) , 'Lieutenant Trevor, 'Miss Somordown,' and ' Lptty BviggB,'1 from the classic region of Oow Cro'ss,: Olerken. well. These four visit the Governor of Surinam — ' Miss Sonierdown ' .. being-., ^ho, intended bride of tho said Governor, but, of course, boing in lovo with the aforesaid. lieutenant. For one of those ocoult reiisons generally noticed in pieces of this kind, tho Governor substitutes his factotum, ' Hickory Short,' for himself j while lor an equally obscure purpose, ' Letty Brings ' is substituted for ' MisB Somordowu,'— tho result boing that the pseudo-Governor capti vates tho supposed ' Miss Somerdown,' tlio iin brdglio leading up to an immense deal of fuii1 ?which, was capitally acted by all concerned'^: Mis? Maggio Oliver kept the house in a roar as ' Xetty Briggs,' vainly endeavouring to ape the airs of the lady of quality. Mr. Clifford, as 'Hiokory Short,' although aomewlmfc wanting in ?humour, played the part very, satisfactorily. The' other parts iu the.pieee were, on tho whole,' well filled. Tho burlesque, , the ?' Invisible' Prince.'f was- hardly . a- judicious selection; This piece, whioh is' from the elegant pen of Plnnehfi, Buited very well the tastes of fiveand twoiit^: years ligo, and*tlion it depended greatly for it's' success 'on its magnificent scenery' and bullet/ but it seoms. out of place ia the' presont day, when its local wit has . necessarily ?lpst. all its savour. Tho burlosque, however; eeemed to show Miss Maggie Oliver to great advantage which in itaelf was a merit. Mr. Kussell was u capital ' Furibond ' nnd with the exception of a few hitches inoidental to a first,porformance, the piece went vory well indeed.. 'Hamlet' will be repeated.Jp-night. ' ; IjKOTiraB at the Town Ham. — The Eev] Father Bilworth gave a lecture last evening ou. the connection between the Church and State ~ in the Middle Ages. There was a largo attend ance, and Alderman Baines -was called to tako tho chair. The lecturer aaid the subject wan of paramount importance to all tliioking.mcmbera of the community, and the mixture of civil and eoclesiuBtical government had .been pregnant; of results for ihe pnst 1,400 years., 'The reproach of. having sanctioned it hbid been laid at' tlio door of the Ghuroh ^'butno^Protestant.denbmi nation had practioally'cliecovered the error, or repudiated the connection : in this they had all sinned alike.'^ThiSpbeing the case in the meri dian light of the 19th con tury, there was no reason to blush for ( tho Chui'oh in having tolorated the : connection in. ;the\ rude.' condition of man in former ages. There was iii thoiinfanoy of history a growth and development in the public miud analagous to that of ; the human understanding, aud the benefit of study irig'history was to glean wisdom by arriving at tho truth. The early history of the church wub ono of martyrdom^and porseoution by tho State, and the cross, was then but a Bymbol of degra dation aud shame'/ She- had passed through bitter'iand dire persecution, which eventuated in her great and- brilliant triumph. Her mis sionaries published her truths where tho Roman eagle' had not been heard of; and when the frowns of, State were upon her she found; a hiding place in the catacombs of Rome, and bore, witnoss to the faith by the life-blood ,of her best and noblest ohildren. Tho condition of the world for ono hundred yonra previous ,to ? \- the time of Constantino was most, lamentable ; 'the .people woro plundered, and the coiiduot of Mie Boldiery was siokoning and heartrouding, and tho reigns of forty emperors had only averaged two a'nd a half years each, the thrones beiiig put up to sale and emperors assassinated ono after another. The lecturer spoke of the. over- throw of tho Rorann Empire by the, Huns, Vandak, Burgundians, and G-otliB, whose only religion and aim of lifo was the gratification of their passions and to exhibit their -prowesB in war. Here again tho voico of God had beon manifested, aud tho good and saintly liros of priests and doctors of the Churoh had controlled the evil passions of the people, and iu some manner made them yield respect and obedience. Tho lecturer proceeded to illustrate tho rise of the feudal system, and the influenoo for. good whioh was exeroisod by the clergy on the rela tions between the lords 'and BerfB, and argued that' the Church bad materially influenced the State in those times. * The epoch of the Cru Bados was briefly touohed upon. Originating, with a monk and supported by the Church, liko all other groat events, tho movement had a twofold character for good and evil, and .though not effecting the object for which it was organ ised, had cortainly put an ond to tyranny and serfdom. The leoturer camo at length to the time of the Reformation, which he very briefly dwelt upon, Bhowirig that many great scandals and abuses which then occurred wore brought about by tho men who set themselves up as re formers, boing raon of immoral Hvob and gross and sensual nature. Tho doctrine of Churoh and Stato nover could bo a doctrine of tho Church, it was simply an acoidont of history; never was it nnd uovor will it be a. dogma or truth of the Catholic Churoh, In conclusion, the leoturer said he bad given simply the spirit of the connestiont between .Churoh and State, and it would bo bettor if persons were to study' history and embellish' thoir minds instoad of, perusing tho frivolous litoraturo of the present day. 'Ho urged upon his hoarors to continuo faithful and dovotod children of the Catholio Church. Xho rev. lecturer wob frequently applauded during tho dolivory of tho leoturo, and a vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. L. J. Byrno, wbb carried by acclamation. A second lecture, bringing tho subjeot down to the presont day, will bo givon this ovoning at the T6?u Hall. TiiENCHANT, but Tkue. — Tho sosfliqn is now almost closed, and the Ministry have succeoded in getting through it. If the moro rotontion of dOIco by dint of truckling to ovory opponent, of abandoning ovory principle not at once accepted by a. 'majority, of surrendering ovory clause in every measuro ' which attracted the slightest hostility, anil of stifling overy bill whose con tinued existence threatened to shake thorn in their ministerial chair— if that bo success — then indeed they havo succeeded. What is now the boasted offspring of Mr. Stophens' brain the great liberal party's wonderful Land Bill whioh waB to covor the faco of tho country with smil ing homos ? An abortion at Hb birth, surren dered to, be mangled out of all knowledgo by every, dog that Iiob a tooth, its poor palpitating remains only await, and are likely soon to reoeivo, tho final stroke which will crush it out of- boing! Mr, Stophons' groat Land Bill no longer oxista- — but ho has managed to remain Minister ; itB identity is lost— ^biit he is sufo j it will probably shortly give up tho ghost altogothur — but he will last none tho shorter. The Lnnds Frauds Bill has been slaughtered without an attempt even to paBS it off as an endeavour at success. By thia courso tho ques tion of dealing with dummying is not deferred. No 'mistake could bo greater than to suppose so. The quoBtioii is praoticully settled by the great Liberal administration in favour of the dummies.' No Miuistry.oypr pretended to have the snmo mission, or the'samo inclination to grapple with I Hs scandal as the prosont Government ; and the country mny rcet assured that aftor 'this j open abnegation of thoir self-imposed duty by i this Ministry., no' other will fool bound to force their inclinations in/order to deal with tho diffi oulty. When Mr. Stephens nroBO in his place ! tb'move tlio discharge of this measure, he might as well have proposed in as many words that all dummies. shall cet thoir deeds without anv more fuss. Let, him place that result as a feathor in ?his political cap. Whoro are Mr. M'llwraith's railways ? What has been tho fruition of Mac alister's mighty schemes ? There is a survey party somewhere between Gympie and Mary borough,; who are very comfortable. The Bris bane, and Ipswich railway wa9 surveyed ton years before its construction was commenced, 'and then a fresh survey was made. Let Gympie aud Mount Perry henr, and moderate thoir ex pectations. What has been the outcome of Mr. M'Jlwr'uith'sgreatreputation? Ho has discharged Mr. Stanley on the ' strength of it, and rests contentedon the laurels eo acquirod. It iB use less to continue. Were we to pilo words on ono another till sleop should overtake ub — and our ' readers, we could not sum up the demerits of this Ministry, which made bo brilliant a begin ning, ono half so thoroughly as by endorsing most fully the opinion . now so frequently ex pressed, that Mr. GeorgVThorn has proved, to be the ablestof them all.— JD. 23. Gazetted '? 