Epidemic diseases are of various kinds. They are not simply confined to the body, but frequently are of the mind alao. By some strange process thou sands of people are at times worked on, and, losing all power of reasonable thought, suffer themselves to be led into a vortex of mental excitement, which ie not allayed until its force expends itself. The revival mania is euch a mental epidemic. At times, also, when some great oalamity is reported, evon the oharitable feelings of the community are merged into something of the same sort, and, as a people, we oast down our money spasmodically, without thought, andsometimessven withoutreason, while the regular oharities find it diffioult to fill their purseB sufficiently, unless by the aid of some unusual excitement. Juries are subject to some Buoh disease. Strange as it may appear, it is never theless apparent to anyone who olosely watches the verdicts of juries that they are like a flock of sheep — the juries, not the verdiots, we mean. Let one dozen men find a verdict in 'particular. direction, and others who may have t6'' try similar cases ore sure to follow their example. Not long since the banks "had practical evidence of this fact. For a time anyone who had the ghost of a ease against a bank for damages was tolerably oertain of a verdiot for a good round sum, for it seemed as though jurieB cared not to investigate the in dividual merits of eases, but" carried away by theprevailing prejudice among juries, they gave verdiots with a most generous indieeiimination. After a time this particular prejudice wore itself out, and then a jury waa found to return a verdict for a bank. From that time the tide whioh previously had been flowing commenced to ebb, and now the nrobabilitv 's that the banks are in the best favor with juries. In the same manner juries frequently deal with libel actions against newspapers. A sitting cf the Supreme Court sometimes brinoe forth a numerous crop of such actions Iu fact, it is rare that one such is taken into court unless there are others to ke6p it company. Plaintiffs, like juries, are worked upon by-, some strange power, and it is safe at some times to publish things that at other periods would be regarded ns rank ihftl. would 'a-b?--' «'>" puUlisbGr io heavy damages. Frequently the reason of this is not that toe cause of action is in reality a libel, but beoauee a fit of virtuous indignation has set in, and plalnt'ffs, who are tbinskinned, find juries who are suffering from n mental disorder oi an epiaemio cuurncier to bear them out in their actions. This is not a dignified way of conducting our courts of justice. Where a gross libel can be shown, the punishment should no doubt be proportionate, but when the only sin of a newspaper con ductor is that he hardly diagnosed the condition of the mdntal pulse of juries correctly, it is hard that he should be made to suffer. It is not as if be were in the position of a physician, with whom a mistake is, to a great extent, culpable excepting in very difficult cases. The newspaper man is not supposed to slavishly follow pablic opinion. It is rather his duty to direct that opinion, if possible, and the Booner that this is recognised by juries, the sooner will the Pros be placed in a position where it will not be amenable to the threat of every jumped-up mono- polist, who considers that his greatnesr has not been sufficiently recognised. All that we ask. of juries is a fair and dis passionate consideration of the merits of each case. It is not satisfactory to newspapers to have to go into oourt in toe lull KUOWibUgtJ lilJUb JUbfe bliUU bMH prevailing idea ie with jurymeD, " Oh, these newspapers are becom ing too independent. We must teach them a lesson." With such a prejudice as that on his mind, even though it be but temporary, nojuryman oan conscientiously do his duty. Try as he will his mind is warped for the time being, and his ver dict naturally assumes somewhat, at least, of the bent of the warp. We olaim nothing for the Press that every citizen is not entitled to. All we a3k is, that jurymen, before entering a box to decide in a cause in which a public in stitution, such as the Press, is con cerned, should first assure himself that he iB capable of dealing with such cases entirely on their merits. If jurymen be honest, there is nothing to fear, for, unless when aoting under some periodioal excitement as that we have referred to, they are usually intelligent enough to be able to recognise the im portance ef not putting too heavy a drag on tho Press. It is an institution which, while it is kept in control to some extent, must not be too heavily pressed upon, or the lesult will be that the public interests will suffer. Many months ago we first directed at tention to the inhuman policy adopted by the City Council in their treatment of the market gardeners, and we have, on several oocasions since, returned to the subject with the view of stirring up the Counoil, out of very shame, to take steps to obviate the just complaints ' whioh are brought against it. We have on many ocoasions shown how great a lack of publio spirit exists among that munioipal body, and the urgent neces sity which obtains that they should speedily mend their ways, or give way to better men. We have also repeatedly shown how these gentle- men snnnd citv funds most freelv unon their own personal comforts and con veniences, and upon making an ostenta tious display of their greatness before the publio, whilst the city drainage and scavenging remain in a oondition most disgraceful and productive of disease, whilst the organ and the City Hall are practically closed upon the people, and whi'st the Eastern Market I stands unaltered and unimproved. But that same Uorp "ration naa minerio re- mained wrapped up within itself, wrang ling about the most ridioul )usly unim portant matters at its meetings, and ex- no tuul'U illl0r6Bt ID ilfliuOUl'Ilfl 8 welfare than in that of Jerioho or Tim- buotoo. The last of its meetings was occupied in a vooiferous and tumultuous debate upon the vital question of acous tics, as applied to the re- construction of their counoil chamber Tho whole Counoil got upon its legs at once, in faot, to propose a dozm dif ferent methods, of altering the room, so that they should be enabled to speak a dozen at a time, and hear distinctly. This is the most important question whioh has yet, come before the Counoil, and in tho meautimn all the real work is left undone, and the wrongs of the market gardeners remain un- rigbted, Doubtless, tho gaidoners themselves are much lo blame for tho selfish apathy ol the Council, seeing that they have but veiy feebly seconded our exertions in their behalf, owing to a want of unity nnd combination among themselves ; but one Pet eh Pumpkin at last wakes up to the situation, and by a letter insetted in the three morning papers, seeks to invade the re- pose of our slow contemporaries, As the letter, repeats, almost word for word, our Divn original statement of the market grievance, we subjoin Peter's tardy complaint: — "In these days when meetings are being held and so cieties are being formed for the preven tion of cruelty to animals, the gentle-' men in the City Council are systemati cally inflicting the greatest possible cruelty on hundreds of their fellow beings, by compelling them and their . poor beasts to remain through the long hours of these winter nights in the gutters . '..y of the streets, exposed to all weathers. The germs of disease have been planted in many a constitution by this exposure. We have borne this treatment long and patiently, believing that the city authorities had a difficulty in procuring a site suitable for a market capable of meeting our requirements, but they oan no longer urge that as tho reason for delny." Peter Pumpkin must know that the operations of the Society for tbe Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are confined to tbo prosecution of the poor and defenceless, and not wasted upon Town Councils, fox-hunting Governors, and other publicfunctionaries, who are at liberty to treat poor animals as they please. There is a feasible suggestion in Peter's letter whioh wo quota la conclusion : — " Through the extortionate demands made for rent, the city authorities have driven away from tho moat market the whole of tho butobers and meat sales men. This being the case, could not the Meat Market sits, togother with the adjoining block of land in Victoria suHHi, wuicu tne uovernmont have oonsonted to give to tho corporation for this purpose, be thrown into on", and a new vegetable market erected thereon ? i'ho site would be quite large enough for the erection of a market, providing sufficient accommodation to meet the requirements of both producers and consumers for fifty years, to come." A> d new we may leave the council and the much enduring gardenors to fight the matter for themselves through the medium of tho morning pr»,ss. We have already done mora than our share in opening up the matter. 