A TRIP TO THE NORTH. 1 reached Clare. My business compelled me to leave for Georgetown, distant 30 miles, the same afternoon. 1 started. My turn-out was a ricketty buggy v. mch had ndthing remarkable about it. The horses were a ricketty pair, but unlike the trap they were remarkable—vt i y much so. They each had an independent; idea of pad dling their respective canoes whit a made it awk ward for the driver. One was a small. white horse of apparently the most humble and gentle disposition,. bat with a latent amount of cussidness that was astonishing. The other was inclined to be Lame, and more than inclined to be lazy;. he had- a fixed determination that way. I started with a misgiving that 30 miles_ in their enlivening company, would prove anything but pleasant. - : I had never been from Clare to Georgetown^ and was, of course, anxious to learn, the* direct way. I therefore applied to persons who had travelled the road, scores of times before. They, with one voice, bade me dismiss fear, as I had only to " go straight along." So I dismissed fear and went straight along. By dint of judicious flogging I progressed ten miles out ©f civilization gaily enough. Enlivened and braced by the fresh evening air, I buret forth into song, and we rattled on merrily. At the end of the next mile, however, the lazy horse stopped suddenly as if he had lost something. Bis companion^stopped, evidently sympathising with him. I at once alighted. I am not a horsey man, but as I had seen such men in similar cases examine the horses* ^hoofs 1 con sidered this was the correct course to pursue. I had a very vague notion as to what I should see there and how to treat it if I saw it, -However, not to let the horse see 1 was inexperienced (they say they are very cunning animals) I went knowingly up to him, and attempted to obtain possession of his hind leg—he or she (I don't know whether it was a lady or gentleman horse) resented this liberty, and with remark able agility placed one foot on my. stomach,, and with the other removed the woodwork from the front of the. trap. I thought I would sit down; I did so, but obtained only temporary relief. If I may be pardoned for speaking on such a delicate subject, I felt all stomach. My first impulse was to thrash the horse; my second impulse was not to. I remembered that hewas only a dumb animal, and also that he might possibly remove the remaining woodwork of the buggy. Thus mercy triumphed. I also post, poned the examination of his hoofs sine die. I got into the buggy and coaxed them forward. Bather to my surprise they went; but I thought from the fiendish way%i which they rubbed theirs noses that they were only con cocting some diabolical scheme against me. All continued to go well, however, and gaining courage I leant forward and patted them. Ho fatal results ensued; and travelling at the rate of a .well-behaved funeral we reached what in the progress of ages would be the half way-house at the Broughton. A party of men were camped here, with whom I had a particularly frugal meal, while the future host led off my bounding steeds. The men were regular Australian bushmen, and one of them, a talkative old fellow, began telling me of the time : when he was a gentleman, and informed me he knew all about Heroditus, Pliny, and Virgil. I received this information with several grains of salt, as I considered a person who had felt the softening influence of those respectable old gentlemen would never murder his " h's" with the appalling ferocity of this old man. Remembering that time was on the wing, and that I unfortunately was not, I ordered out my two specimens of the noblest of our domestic animals. They came out anything but cheer fully, and seemed to have a distinct impression that they had reached their journey's end. I speedily undeceived them. It was now dark. I asked the man a question concerning the read; but, like my other informants, the only informa tion I could get was that it was "straight on." Bidding him good night, I essayed to start; but this my horses in the most emphatic manner declined doing. I argued with them, but as they positively refused to budge I lost my temper, and forgetting they were dumb animals, lashed them unmercifully. This had the desired effect; they went on as fast as their miserable legs would allow them. My first intimation that anything was wrong was, seeing the gentle white horse standing on its hind legs and endeavouring to get into the trap. Swearing audibly, I got out; went to their heads, and discovered that I had narrowly escaped being cut off in the flower of my youth. I was attempting to drive over a perpendicular bank 30 feet high into the Biver Broughton. I did not renew the attempt, and, blessing the men who told me to "go straight ahead," I lighted a match and found the road turned to the left. I felt very thankful for my escape, but I regretted sincerely that both the horses had not gone over. I at last suc ceeded in crossing the river, and then as I had not the vaguest notion where to go, I steered for a camp fire that Providence bad caused to be lighted for my particular benefit. In answer to my enquiries, one of the men informed me the road to Georgetown was "straight on; couldn't miss it," I surprised the man by using a classical expression, and told him that I had received that information in Clare, and that I had since made at least 400 turns, and had only just escaped "going straight on" into eternity, winding up by remarking that I couldn't see the ghost of what he called a track. He bore with my impatience, aqd told me to follow him, and he would put me on a plain track. I followed him in the dark ness, driving over a few enormous boulders just to keep my hand in, and reached the plain track. This I examined with a match, and seeing which way the marks led went on my way with a lighter heart, considering all my troubles over. Alas ! We travelled smoothly for about half an hour, and I was enjoying my pipe and picturing a warm supper, ditto glass of grog, ditto bed, which awaited me at my journey's end, when suddenly the thought flashed across me that I was lost! I came to this conclusion suddenly, but I was sure it was correct. I bad followed the advice of those fiends in human shape who had told me to go straight on. I could see the track I was following had been trending due east instead of north. There was no help for it, I could only go on, hoping the road would soon turn to the north as it had done before ; but alas '^instead of that the track gradually turned to nothing at all, and became fainter every minute. I, however, " kept straight on," bumping over fallen trees, rocks, and grass-trees, tUl the life was nearly shaken from me. Soon all semblance of a track ceased abruptly, and the vegetation was breast high. I had read of the sagacity of horses in finding a track, so I let the reins slack and gave them their heads. What a wonderful thing is instinct! In a few minutes they were on a track. Here was an actual proof of this wonderful power. I was delighted. In about two minutes I was disgusted to find the track was only one of the 50 cattle tracks about, and I may remark that that night I did not receive any other proof of this wonderful instinct. In fact I think if I had followed their wonderful instinct any more I should be now in a happier sphere. I don't believe in their instinct—not a ha'porth. At this part of the journey I saw a wonderful meteor, wonderful, I should think, even for this hemisphere. iimeii suddenly appearedpthe fweoBiy *te® ,:° wyividly aa - *-■" traToUed msttekerlylliiwbiMi which was the best thingltj.. looked an. ugly Customer,-! sraa W/bw. the horees-thW Stopped'tbl~ . Shortlyaftar for fear you1 thihk Ttflis" bBoness. ^Uiear , famfark that OVfeiytidngT «tm ":'hl-.. ndingintoand wit pi hcd^ oVa ettuiW^ ibecomiDg monotonous, * aid,'.he ' *"" sitting down, Miy1hing-/;bat "a theretorOstood up and drovei :Was thatirr one fnghtfaTlarah .,,_j -land embraced by a gras^tree,:wh iMorai the jgnomat is' aboutaspl isitting cfaa ^riddv hedge.vIj.'oaiK^ouS •fore that Iwouid at 0own< st all hL.~f—, . shortly bbcauie aware by Ibif Tflmjfcqj JljjfeBWlt>L that we were descending an inmkiggirwas - grew faster and faeter, 1 cwiIcLVnpt s^^wfaare we were iLscendlng" aa^^a^SSpOTModl^iteiSl hOL Horrified, I Mt iorthe&reafej; but jM* fafo-rwe dashed^onist^ set my teeth, and beganrepe^ogtheseryiee,® lor the buna] ol iim Awilf worst; The h'.rids couHf ito| jkimMy stop-— vT down we ■ we-.i so' swiMy #>nt r^5^rd pn^wJw breathe.- .VrJ teemedto stop fora tecond .and :: X saw Ji n : ^pleasant hlftnk ffWctn .in frnT)ff na; ..<■ This1,1 c'hoJSeB oleared. -dragpinp «5sLp a em Hi afterthem.- ..--I remembered, no mote lor • a di» time, then X foundmyBclf lyinsf iin tho ■ bolt' in of the trap with Hie seat on i^ggd, * iho r .ap smashed up and looking like a .Ghineso .* fcn; He, and the horses anyhow. ^ J didn't feaLat .? a : ii.ctined to get up—jn fact, after mature a.' deration, X felt X might as well stay there ; as any where. 1 felt very much eat upon indeed. I discovered I was' near a shepherd'ahoase,, * and made a dismal noise to let hnu khpw X.was' about. "When he became awareof thefoct ho - was not so pleased as nnghthave- beOTHsup poged. He emerged-. in^graoeM hut aiiy: mente,_and said indeed I did •'art-'winmwi '?i of . the sork ^ for T bad jnaf. the best imitation.: of It that could" be procured but'woidd."he "teH" me if this was the ' road to 'Geoigetesvn, and wbej^eir the road l had d ■ beentravelingwas^ ala»iMnpie!nftifai Queen's:: highway to that important '^oypy.'-:iui4v jff'Asto," tvi; whether he would- mind ietfin^ rae lasmsmoe' people know that I left wreiyttnng^Q my aged parents, and direct them to send, up a full-sized 1 coffin by next post, He'told me I had-come -but-'"•' of my road, and said. I was cainihg.yrem George-1 - town. I should not have beenat all surprised if," he had told me that lhad comb ftomthemooni :"■ I might , have been exploring the mterfar of tha i!? continent fpr aughtrl knew to ihereverB^'thjsrei Vi h fore I received- his. information .eaTmlya ffhia' indifference, together with .the .startling appcKpk->i:>>. ance of the harness, which was mended wilh n. * braces and peckethandkerchief^.seemed to.giTO . u him the impression that either X'Wps a suspicious ^ X ' character or an idiot of the .first water, He, * however, condesoended ,to" tell 'me that ihe?5^ track was •' straight^ on—I couldn't- miss" it," I got . up' dejectedly and started^"5 -once more,-and travelled wearily, for another^ hour, when both horses stopped. Then it Jwas f4 that the inborn villany of that gentle whitei.'i t ,horse showed itself, -It was a brute of .the ru ..deepestdye,. I got down and spoke to it.in the ; ,1 sweetest 'planner, endeavouring" to - coax "it pa. % » No "use. Then, sad1 to - relate, I swore af-in :! French, German, und English till'T' had used / ' up all- the known, expletives, 'and was reeking '' with perspiration mid prof anity. No use. Theai J: X wore, out both the -toes of my 30s-Silmonls '' by kicking the .most sensitive parts of his" ' carcase. ^No-use; he kicked me back, and- / - proved himself fully my equal in tins invigo rating exercise. He would have bitten me^too if he could; ,1 saw it - in his eye; and all- the - while looking as gentle and amiable se a ,• sucking-pig. - " J . - ' - ; ; I at last by'snperhumanefforts induced'him "; R in move. The rest of7 the journey I wiU not . ; indict upon the reader;-but it is a fact that: - : fiend of a horse would not stir out of a walk for 5: - i. the remainder of the distance—some miles—' hundreds they seemed to me. I reached Georgetown,in the middle of tjie. night. The good-natured hoist,of tho -one inn got :t up and gave me brandy, which my spul loyeth— and I needed "it. - X Consider a man vwhb' WSt leave his warm bed like that is on' the 'sfctmght track to Heaven. Perhaps he thougw^tovwais - entertaining ah angel unawares; perhaps he'was L —but I don't think so.' ; -. r Georgetown hi the --abstraet is-.a wretched : • place—it is guiltless of anything like useless ornament. 3 No trees grow there—they know . better, Thh country fa so dead flat thatwhen ^ , . sweethearts go for a walk—which they do there ," just like other places—the people can watoh, . them whichever way they go for a clear five' 1 miles. It is a remarkable township, and that's : -i" all you can say for.it—you never pant to see __V another remarkable township like it. In summer it is—well say—very hot; and you. swallow the dost in slices. In winter your boots ■.. ; have a small farm attached to each. The people , in their wildest moments never dream of sweep- -; ing the houses;they usually clean them out with', a pick and shoveL . .Georgetown fa celebrated for * its fleas. They are certainly vety fine fleas, splendidly devdoped. Georgetown is the home" of the flea. There you may see him in his native magnificence. It fa said there that they actually pulled a shearer. out of bed one night this ■- ■ summer, but I hardly believe that. There are few of the blessings of civilization . . " there. The only one I saw was the - public- ; * house—that is always crowded. I would wil lingly swop my chance for a certain English . . title for a share in that public-house. There is no Protestant Church there at present. They . have not a circulating library or any other library; if there was one no one would Use it." They nave one priceless blessing—they have no;" tea meetings or amateur concerts, and the eon sequence fa that at present they are happy and contented. They are jolly people And kind .to ' strangers, buta little of Georgetown goes a fang ■ way, and I bade it a tender farewell with-great, pleasure. Yes, the scalding tears I shed were soon dried on leaving the metropolis of the areas. ' 1 . .. 