The Storyteller. LONG ODDS. CHAPTER XLIV. THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM. BY MARCUS CLARKE. KATE was unhappy. It was strange, so she said to herself, that she should be so, for was she not engaged to be married to her first love, to her hero, her incarnation of all that was good and clever ? But, somehow or other, it seemed that her hero was less heroic than of yore. He was not so poetical or bo tender. He was, on the contrary, practical and a little ill-tempered. Poor Kate could not understand it. It seemed an age ago since she first found out that •he loved Cyril; and the weeks of dull pain and hopeless sorrow which she had lived through When he had quarrelled with his father and gone, HO ono knew where, seemed yean distant. From that time he had cluinged. He was no longer high-spirited, and brilliant, and witty, but cynical, and selfish, and silent. Yet she had Men no other mnn she cored for, save, perhaps that frank young Australian, who hud bo startled her by his wooing—and she hod worshipped the Image of the boy who hod left her to moke a name at college and astonish the world, and would not confess to herself that such a boy existed uo longer, but that in his place was a ■ullen, down-looking young man, who was nervously impatient of all save his own pleasures. There was a picture of Cyril hanging in one of the breakfast rooms—a little water-color, token when he was a child—and Kate would go in quietly and look at it, and strive to trace some resemblance to her lover in the fair, effeminate, golden-haired boy, that, radiant with youth and health, laughed at her from out his golden frame. But the attempt was unsuccessful, and she would turn away to check the sigh that would come, despite all her efforts. To put matters into plain English, Kate was becoming disenchanted. Her cousin had been away from her so long that she had not noticed the terrible change that had taken place in him, until they were once more thrown together, and then the sudden knowledge frightened her. But she fought bravely against the fear that was coming over her—fear that she had mode a mistake, and did not love her promised husband after all. Such a thought was treason to her lover, she said, and put it back horror-stricken ; but still it re turned again and again, and she could not repress an unaccountable aversion, which sometimes stole over her when Cyril kissed her lips. Re loved her, she did not doubt that. She could see it in his white face, that looked so worn lately—in his restless eyes, that followed her wherever she went—could feel it in his hot kisees, and hear it in his passionate words. Once, when she was singing some song about lovers parting or dying, she was surprised to hear a sudden sob from the man behind her and to find that hu head was bent, and the tears were rolling down between his thin fingers. " What is it, Cyril 1" she asked. " I was thinking of losing you, my darling,' he cried, and caught her to his heart with shaking hands. She was terrified at these fits of passion. There was something repellant about them. Love should be tender and chaste, not hot and vehement like this. She asked him once if he had any trouble on his mind, but his denial was so fierce and suspicious that she shrank back terrified. Had she possessed a mother, a sister? or a female friend even, in whom she could have confided, she might have poured out her doubts and fears, and reasoned them away; but she was alone. Lady Loughborough was not the sort of am- JkUtnte that an enthusiastic girl like Kate would choose, and there were no women-kind of her own age with whom she could associate. . Matcham had always been a lonely house. It had been so more than ever since the death of the eldest born. Saville Chatteris had no sympathy with young people, and Lady Loughborough was in a chronic state of ill-health ;—French novel, re pose, hot negus, and fire in bed-room at alj seasons. Consequently there was not much "society" or companionship for Kate. There were desperate dinners that took place monthly, at which Saville diplomatically presided, and to which the county people came. But these dinners were dull enough ; the county people having such wonderfully good blood, that it seemed to congeal in their veins like attar-of roses. To be sure all these people were very good, and well- disposed, and thoroughly eligible for friendship, but Kate did not care about them. The daughters of the various houses round about came to visit her, but she had no friendt among them. So she rode about, and walked about, and went to Kirkminster with only the old groom for protection, and the county blood thought her a " strange girl," and a little "fast" However, that did not matter so much, as " fastness " was fashionable. (Do we not remember how pleased Lady Oriel's daughter was, at being mistaken in the Boit for a certain Madlle. Cocoodo, who was at that time regnant in the demi-monde—that "one half-world," where " nature seems dead " indeed. And yet Lady Oriel, and her daughter, too, are the most virtuous of women.) The young men who came over from the barracks with Fred were few and far between, and when they did come, Kate did not see much of them. Colonel Brentwood she liked well enough, but Saville Chatteris, who had been at Eton with him, and knew of hu little peccadil loes since, did not encourage the visit* of that gallant officer, and Brentwood was too well-bred to hint at an intrusion. Since Fred had gone, there had been no one at the house, and Kate was quite alone. So she locked up her secret in her own heart, and told nobody. But in her girlish mirror the figure of the rejected Bob Calverly would often rise unbidden and blur the reflection of the promised lover that should have been singly there. I do not know if I can make you understand the character of this girl, reader, as I wish you to understand it. It i» a difficult cipher to read: the more difficult because it looks so simple. I doubt if I can interpret it to you aright. It needed a little child, they say, to grasp the divining-rod whose turning fork should write the sought-for oracle upon the sand. • In any hands less pure the waud might flicker, turn, and shake, but the characters it traced were all un certain and illegible. Who caii interpret aright the strange riddle of a young girl's heart ? In our fancied wisdom we laugh at the task. Has not our knowledge of evil taught us to read womankind i Perhaps ; but let us be sure that in gazing into that fiery furnace of sin, misery, and death, from which we draw the materials of our wicked wit and cynical wisdom, that our scorched eyes, dimmed by the tear-compelled glare of the fire, are not rendered incapable of seeing clearly in that cool, dim twilight that reigns around the holy altar of a pure woman's bouL I can tell you no more about Kate than that ehe was young and pure; that Bhe loved and doubted, hoped and feared, in a breath. She did not know her own heart perhaps, poor child; and had thought tEal she had given her love~wlien~ Bhe had only given her liking. But as yet she thought in whispers. As for Cyril, I think I should not be far wrong if I said that the week which he spent at Matcham at this time was the happiest of his life. He was like the wretch who, under the torments of the Inquisition, told the sneering priest that he " thanked him for making death so sweet" The very agony of his torture rendered the simple cessation from pain a pleasure more keen than he had ever yet experienced. He was weak by nature. With him to be out of sight was to be out of mind ; and when he was free of the detested presence of the woman he hated, he could forget her; when he was out of the house where Dacre had taunted and jeered at him, he could forget that he was a liar and a scoundrel. The struggle he had gone through was too much for him, and his nerve*—never very strong—had given way, and he felt pros trated by o reaction that was almost pleasurable. The desperate battle with the breakers had only exhausted him ; once carried over the rocks into the deep, still pool, he let himself sink without an effort. Moreover, he was happy in the sym pathy of his cousin. It mattered not that his mental agony had arisen from his own vile and detestable cowardice; she did not know that, and her caresses were as purely sweet as if he had been a saint and hero. He was as sore at heart with the tumult of his own evil passions as if he had been the noblest martyr that ever crowned a life of poverty and persecution by an ignominious and bloody death; and the healing balm of a good woman's tenderness was as cool ing to his burning wounds as if he had got his hurts fighting in fair field for a righteous cause. So when he turned his back on the little cot tage in St. John's Wood, and got fairly on bis way to the woods and glades of Matcham, to his respectful tenantry and his promised bride, the burden, if it did not fall off altogether, grew lighter and less irksome. He was busied too with election matters. There were speeches to make, and yeomen to call upon, and friends to influence ; and he had no time for misery. His father was in high glee at the prospect, and made sure of his son's success. " Dacre's only here as a blind," said the old man. "He "said so, did he ? Of course. A very old and well-known trick. You see, Cyril, that the Government want the borough, and don't care much who gets it, so long as it isn't one of the other Bide. I think we are safe enough. Dacre is an old friend of the family, and the soul of honor. He has told me hitna^lf that he only came down by Nantwiche's request. Sir John Ellesmere (that married his sister, you know) offered to use his interest for him in Wuraelshire, but he wouldn't have it." " He said that he would have been beaten," said CyriL " Perhaps he might have been, for old Sir John is getting a little feeble by this time, and takes rather old-fashioned views of things. (What a beautiful girl Blanche Dacre was when he married her! Only twenty-two ;an excel lent match for her, though, poor thing, for she had no fortune.) However, the offer was made, I know. But this is a matter of no moment. You are Bafe as far as regards Dacre. He has his own cards to play. If I have any knowledge of human nature, sir," —Here he drew himself up, for knowledge of human nature was his weak point,—"you will see your friend Dacre one day in a very high position, very high indeed. He is one of the cleverest fellows I know. We will have him down here when you have got in, and he shall drink your health." ■> ' This was at the dinner table. Cyril tried hard to retain his composure, but the quick eyes of Kate detected something amiss. " I don't like Mr. Dacre," she said. "Oh, pooh, nonsense, my returned ike old gentleman, loftily. "Almost talented, well conducted young man." " And such an agreeable companion," said Lady Loughborough. "He always seems to know everything a day before anybody else. Do you remember, Kate, it was he that first found put that unfortunate marriage of poor Fairfax's son. What was the creature, a dairymaid, or a cook, or something of that sort ?" Cyril wished the earth would swallow Lady Loughborough, and frowned unconsciously. " I think that he used to invent those stories sometimes," said Kate. " But I remember the . one you mean. But it was Nellie's governess that he married, aunt, not the cook !" and she laughed merrily. " Oh, the governess, was itP said the dowager, indifferently. "It was something of that sort, I know." "My dear Sybilla," says old Saville, who was a gentleman to his finger-nails," Captain Fairfax's wife was a must estimable and admirable person. She accompanied her husband to India when he exchanged, and was at Lucknow with him during the mutiny. Bellingham told me that the men worshipped her, and that when she died after the Relief, there was not a dry eye in the 1 regiment." And the brave old fellow took off a glass of claret, as if in silent libation to the memory of poor little Lucy Smith, the drawing master's daughter, whom dashing, devil-may-care Harry Fairfax suddenly married out of his sister's school-room, to the amusement of all London, and the wrath, terror, and amazement of the whole of his aristocratic connections. Lady Loughborough turned down the corners of her mouth at the rebuke ; and Cyril felt a knot rise in his throat as the thought flashed across him that perhaps his father was not so terribly proud after all, and would not have dis carded him altogether had he dared to speak the truth. But the time was gone by now. He had chosen his course, and would abide by it. So the time drew on towards that eventful day which should decide the fate of Kirkminster. Chapter XLV. THE EABTHEN POT. The White Hart at Kirkminster wius in a bustle. A telegram had come down from Mr. Rupert Dacre to begin the battle, and the op position committees had token up arms. The late member—a radical manufacturer, who was Wheales' tool and admirer—had been comfort ably buried long ago, and Wheales and his party had sent down another candidate in his stead. The new man was a wool-stapler—hard-headed, vulgar, and wealthy. If money could purchase him a Beat in the House, he would not spare it. The Conservative Committee was sitting at the White Hart, with Potter iu»d Piper in attendance. The Parliamentary Huskinson had sent down word that the Government would support Mr Cyril Chatteris, of Matcham, and that Mr! Rupert Dacre would also stand, to make as surance doubly sure. • " I suppose that Dacre is the man they want," said Piper, when the two were in consultation. "I don't think that they care much," says Potter. "But Huskinson says that we must return one of then. The plan is to divide the interest until the last minute, and then put in the mo«t popular man." In the meanttatf the town' war tifaaing wtthr placards, and volcanic with eruption of hand bills. Old SaviHe paid Tints to all the county interest, and had obtained promises without end. The wool stapler—-by name Ebenezer Crofts— held his court at the Potters' Anns, in the New town, and made dogmatic speeches to the people. Binns had been set to work to collect facts, and had collected that the general tone of the pottery-hands was dead against Rupert Dacre. They were not so antagonistic to Chatteris, because the name was to some extent <«i»iiw to them, and they could say nothing against him, save that he was a gentleman. But the wool-stapler was the favorite. In the Old town, of course, Crofts was quite out of the race, and Cyril Chatteris was the chosen- of Respectability. Dacre's chance seemed a poor one. But Huskinson, who held the electoral Btringsin his hand, had told Lord Nantwichthat he would return his pnUfi if he wished it. Nantwich—cautious ever—said that he thought Mr. Dacre was a safe man, and that he had claims upon him, but that if the agent saw that Chatteris would get in without much difficulty to let him do it. Consequently, when Dacre arrived he did not find his prospects so bright as he had expected. But Nantwich had promised him that he would not forget him in any case, and his mind was tolerably easy. The morning after he had ar rived he sent for Binns. Binns was chap-fallen. " I don't like the work, Mr. Dacre," he said. " It is underhand and disagreeable." Dacre, who, being secure of his prey, cared little now for Binns' interference, said that it was the sort of thing that must be done by some- ' body, and that, if he objected, Potter could find someone else. " You {have done all we wanted, I fancy, already," said he. " You say that the pottery hands don't like me, eh f • " No—they do not. I have been among them a good deal, and they seem more inclined for Crofts than anybody." < " Did they know that you had been connected with the Association ?" "No," said Binos, and blushed a little. " Well, there is no harm done, you see." ' "And no good." " That remains to be seen. It is the wish of the Government that either Mr. Chatteris or myself should represent the borough, and if you further their wishes, I don't suppose they will forget it." "Mr. Dacre—that looks to me very like a bribe." Dacre pointed out of the open window into the street, where a knot of the pottery hands had collected. "Lobkafthem,"l»eBata. ~ ' "~ Binns looked. At thq opposite corner was a public house. Some ten men were gathered round the steps—smokm&tainghir;,and talking. It was market day,'and the' town was full of farmers come to hire, and farm laborers come to be hired. One of these last was leading a big boned blood hone up and down, while Fanner Giles, or Jones, was absorbing beer at the White Hart bar. The contrast was sufficiently great. The rustic was a big stout-built animal, with huge boots and branwy shoulders. He looked the incarnation of solid strength, The pottery men were shambling, ungainly, sodden-faced fellows, and their attitdues all betokened laziness and debauchery. Binns was not famil^r enough with the " British Agriculturist" to rate him at his true value. He saw only the beery, tobacco smoking crew on the. one hand, and the sturdy holder of the pawing horse on the other. " Which do you like the best ?" asked Dacre— amnaing hima^lf by watching the other's face* "There are your mames, and here are your people." Th« distinction was fallaciously subtle. " You are a, democrat, you say," he went on. " Very weD, here is the raw material—work it up. Which would you rather make ruler or judge over you f "King Log or King Stork T' said the friend of the metaphorical Bland. "Exactly. You want to get rid of the present system of government, but you have no other to put in its place.—Fancy being ruled over by that fellow!" he added, as a pottery-hand staggered across the road, singing some drunken ditty. " I don't want him to rule over me, but I want him to know that he has an interest in the government, as well as other people," says Binns, plucking up courage as the recollection of his oft-made speeches flashed across him." "That is what we want to teach him. Do you think that Ebenezer Crofts wfll do ft f ' "No." "Do you think that Ebenezer Crofts—the wool-stapler, the money-grubber-Hares about Hodge yonder? He will promise enough, of course. What has Wheales done ? Excited the people, and made t»m»^lf the laughing-stock of England. The beat friend to the Hngti«h people is the aristocrat, after aIL He can afford to do practical good," Dacre was getting quite interested in the subject. "If ever the people rise against the nobility, we'll put them down with the shoeblack-brigade."- Binns did not reply. He felt that all this talk was chaff and dry dust, but he was unable to say why he felt it to be so. His mediocre intel lect just allowed him to see the disease, but he did not know enough of political surgery to suggest a remedy. "The prop of England," said he, "is her peasantry." Just then Farmer Giles or Jones renw out, burly, breeched, and booted. He swung him self to the saddle, and flung Hodge a sixpence. The coin fell into the kennel, and the plunging hoof* of the farmer's hunter splashed the water into Hodge's face. He looked up and down the street, shook a brawny fist at the retreating figure, and with a bacon-fed curse that made the ears of the town-bred grocer's lad tingle, picked up the money, and went straight into the public house. Binns turned away from the window, and Dacre laughed softly. " You have too romantic ideas about the peasantry," he said. " There must be something wrong somewhere," says poor Binns, vaguely. "It will take wiser men than you or I to find it out, I expect. And now I must really say good morning. I hare to receive a deputation at half-past 11, and it v nearly 11 now. Binns paused with his hand upon the door. " But—but—what am I to do V he asked. The expectant member for Kirkminster shrugged his shoulders. I "Upon my word, I don't know. You had better ask Potter ; but then you say that you don't like Potter." The tone was so careless that Binns felt his heart sink. It was true! They did not want him any more. He had kicked against the pricks and must take the consequences. He felt very heart-dck at his hopes of fame and fortune ending: thus; and, almost in spite of himself M Mr. Potter said something about some * secre tarial ' work," sakHie.- - ;"• -"^ "Indeed. Well, you'd better see Potter then. I shall, be wry glad to dp all I can ft* you." Then seeing the other's crest-fallen look* " You see, Mr. Binns, that politics are a trade as much as anything else. If we don't want an article we can't afford to pay for it. You have been very useful to us up to a certain point, but we have now got beyond that point—or rather Potter has. I never interfere in these matters of detail myself; but, as I said before if my name is of any avail with Potter " Binns got angry. " You sent me down here yourself, Mr. Dacre." " Yes, my good sir; but lam not responsible for your proceedings afterwards. I sent you to Huskinson. Huskinson sent you to Potter. Potter finds that you have done all that can be done, and of course cannot employ you farther." "In some other capacity V ventured Binns. " Well, ni see Potter if you like," returned the other, a little impatiently. And then it suddenly struck him that the young man might be useful in relieving him of some of the multifarious correspondence which his position entailed. Moreover, Dacre was not inclined to bruise broken reeds, and was rather good-natured when he could be so without injury to himself, and poor Binns had been treated somewhat badly. "I'D tdl you what," he said ; "you can stop here if you like, and answer some of my letters for me, and we'll Bee then what Potter says." Bums overflowed with gratitude. He would be too happy to do anything that lay in bis power. Dacre was sure of H, but the deputation was within ten minutes or so, and Binns could return in the afternoon. The long, low bar-room was full of people, and the "deputation" were forcing their way through. They were fat, rosy, sturdy men of the yeoman sort, and had come to ask some questions about malt or hops, or wheat or flour. Binns pushed past them, and went out into the street. He wanted to walk somewhere. To cool his mind in tome shady solitude. As he walked up the flags depression began to fall on him. He ' felt that he had been " made use of ;" that the unscrupulous Huskinson had employed him to extract information out of the " pottery people," which could scarcely have been obtained by other means, and had then calmly let him drift away with the tide. He did not like the business from the first, but he had trusted to his own skill and "knowledge of the world" to steer him safely through all dangers. He blushed again as he remembered how he had gradually supped away from virtue. When first he mingled with the "pottery hands," he had re frained from spying out their secrets and ques tioning them 4s to their intentions; but by-and by, as Piper puffed complaint concerning "no information," "waste of time," and so on, he had been led into obtaining their confidences and betraying them. He knew well that the voters in tike New Town were noted and marked down, and that Piper and Potter could pretty well guess how many votes would be recorded for the pet Government candidate ; and he felt a pang of shame when he remembered that he had himself supplied the information. And yet there was no acknowledgement of bis services. To speak them aloud was to proclaim his own baseness. Potter and Piper had "used him," and despised him; and, as for the great HusYin son, he would blow him from his memory as he had blown away the speck of dust that rested upon the immaculate pages of his brass bound ledger. This sort of thing was base, un manly, unworthy of a friend of the people and a supporter of the " working man." He would go back to London, admit his errors, and settle down to honest work. Better the grocer's shop than this. It was the old story of the earthen pot. "I am not clever enough for this sort of thing," said he, bitterly. "I have been made a fool of, and duped, and laughed at. I'll go back and tell Dacre that I won't accept hia offer;" and the memory of his old hopes came upon him, and a lump rose in his throat, and his eyes filled with tears of anger and shame. He had got out of the town by this time, and was on the country road that wound fa/away into the level distance. On the right rose the cathedral with its clustering parasites of cloister, court, and close. Beyond and behind its gray, mournful towers, the tall parctnv* chimneys of the New Town smoked and puffed in all the in solence of wealth. The struggle between Beauty and Utility modelled in stone. The glaring white houses and hard, jealous villas of the New Town princes dotted the expanse. The railway viaduct spanned the blackened, sluggish Axe, and seven times a day the train ran roaring and rattling past the tawdry poverty and stuccoed cheapness of the New Town tradesmen and hucksters. Binns turned his face to the left There the country spread out bright and fair ; 1 the Axe ran murmuring through locks and weirs, swirled black and gloomy under the branches by Matcham reach (ghost haunted), and glided broad and bright past the stately trees and sloping branches of Matcham Park. As far as the eye could see, the fair levels of the cham paign spread out fat and fertile. A tender, blue wreath of smoke marked here and there a cottage, and through an opening in the trees, the slight spire of Matcham church sprang upwards to the pure sky. Matcham woods rolled away to right and left, and in the midst of their bosky depths a gleam of sunshine fell upon the sharp gables of the old house itself. Binns lookfed at the fair landscape and sighed. That was kia home! There lay the broad acres of the young man who, like wicked Dives of old story, had stolen the little ewe lamb from his poorer brother. There came the clatter of hones' hoofs behind him, and turning round, Binns saw his rival of old days. He was riding by the side of a young girl The spring breezes had blown back a curl or two from beneath her hat, and had given a shade of color to her pale pure cheeks. Cyril was not speaking to her. His face was white, worn and haggard, and bis eyes wandered un easily from side to side. He saw Binns and started. The young grocer instinctively raised hi* hat, and the girl by Cyril's side bent her fair head—carelessly—as though such salutes were customary and expected. Cyril flushed, and turned away his face. Some vague terror seemed to strike the boy Strangely enough, the sight of this fair young unknown brought back to him all the auspicious terrors and fears that he had so sedulously banished. The little cavalcade swept past, and as the back of the following pad-groom disappeared round a turn of the road, Binns went up to an old man who was breaking stones under the hedgerow. "Who is that The asked. The old fellow looked up wonderingly. "Mr. Cyril Cfcatteris, of Matcham. . " I know Am,—but the young lady f* "Why, Miss-Ffrench—God bless bar! * Mr Chatteris* niece. They be cousins," and he fejl to ending his lamps of granite again, sulkily. Binns walked slowly homewards. " His cousin." Natural enough that they should ride out together. Natural enough, too, that Cyril Chat teris should be at Kirkminster. Yet why was poor Carry left to pine alone and unfriended ? Binns decided that he would write that night to Blind, and ask that trusty friend's opinion on the matter. [to be oomihued.J 