General Election. ELECTioFYmroims. Candidates already ia the Field. ELECTION ITEMS. Since our lact some progress lins been mide in the positive coming forwud of candidates, as will be seen bj Hie list below For W est Maitland wo have to mike public quit6 a choice of gentlemen. Mr Henry Cohen the bar- rister, has published a brief address Di Brookes of Nowcasfle asks us to announce bim ab a candidate Mr William Farthing, of Auvil Creek announces himself, bj advertisement \ requisition is being signed to Mr J 1 Burna, and his friends think he will accept A requisition his been presented to Mr J \ ^Brunker, who consents to st(.nd Mr Thomas I Lodsam. declares himself a candidate And Mr A S Hamilton will do so, if no local man comes forward For Paterson our coriespondent mentions almost a« ninnj names Mr J\ M Arnold is the oui j ein didnte who his jet issued an address But three other gentlemen are spoken of Mr H H Brown, Mr T P Luke, and Mr John 'Macintosh (of Sjdnej ) Foi Wollombi, the nomination for which takes place on Thuradaj, Mr Joseph Eckford ind \Ir J \ Cunneen Tor Patrick s Plains, Mr Alex Bowman his como forwaid bj advertised requisition and address For Newcastle Mr G A Llojd and Mr C J Stevens were nominated at the hustings jesterdnj In Newcastle the impression appens to be that Mr Stevens will run Mr Llojd \erj close The polling takes place this day, Tuesday Our full report ot the nomination proceedings will be found in mother column For the Upper Hunter Mr Thomas Hungerford his issued his address, and there are now therefore Dr Gordon and Mr T Hungerford declared candidates In addition, the Mm nu undi Tnnei, sijs Mr G B Simpson, the barrister, is certain to be nominated, while Mr Francis White and Mr J F Burns ore also named Mi J W Smirt is announced bj a tele graphic correspondent of our own from Muswell- brook, For Liverpool Plains there is yet no declared candidate that we have heard of It seems certain thit Mr Hnnlej Bennett will come forward again and five other gentlemen are spoken of Mr P Jennings, Mr F Í Rusden, Mr James Hoskins, Mr J W Smirt, and Mr John Robertson Tor N orthuuiberland Mr James Hannell is still the only declared candidate For the Lower Hunter we heil that Mr Jacob will positively come forward again on requisition I or Ni w LnglandMr S II lerrj will agnin be brought forward tho Ai inidnle papers saj For TenteitieldMr II E Kingsmill is a candidate, so the Tenterfield Independent sajs Others are said to be spoken of For the Northern Gold Fields Mr De Corney Browne is confidently spoken of, but we have not seen anj address from him So also Mr David Buchanan is confidently spokes of for the M estern Gold Fields, but we do not find his address to that effect Mr Y\ arden has been asked to come forward again for Shoalhaven, but it is stated m the local paper that he will not, and that Mr James Aldern and Mr Thomas Garrett are spoken of Mr Thomas Robertson is Ba,id to have forwarded a " valedictory ' address to the electors of the Hume, 60 we presume he will not stand again List night, a meeting of electors was bel 1 m the School of Arts, Morpeth, when Mr R W îedoin was nominated It was understood tint he was willing to stand if a requisition was sent At the same mteting Mr James Taylor was also nominated Our Paterson correspondent writes, dating yes- terday, Monday: Thk Coming Election.-The nomination for the Paterson electorate takes place on Wednesday, 10th. Mr. W. M. Arnold, our late member, has already announced himself a candidate. Mr. H. U. Brown, of Coulston, we believe, will also be nominated : his friends, we learn, have already begun canvassing on his behalf, and itis probable that before the day of nomination another candidate will be brought forward ; a requisition tr Mr. J. PI Luke, of this town, is mentioned amongst several parties,but nothinghasbeen definitely decided upon so far as is known ; wo have also heard that Mr. John Macintosh, ironmonger, of Pitt-street, Syd- ney, is likely to be brought forward hy his friends here. A spirited contest is anticipated for this elec- torate at the coming election. Mr. Arnold, we, leam, will meet the electors at different parts of the electorate during the present week, to explain his political views on the principal topics which are likely to engage the atten- tion of the next Parliament. The dates and places of Mr. Arnold's meetings have not as yet been made . public. From Newcastle, our correspondent sends us the \- following, dated Monday morning : There is very little talked of in Newcastle and the county at present beyond the elections, and little knots of men may be seen at all hours of the day eagerly discussing the foithcoming contest for the city, which has now resolved itself into a struggle ? between our late member and Mr. C. J. Stevens-Mr. Macquarie having apprised his friends, by a telegram from Sydney on Saturday, of his intention to with- draw. Mr. Lloyd's friends are more than confident of his return, and alarge amount of money in wagers with long odds is laid on the issue. Mr. Stevens' supporters are, however, making every effort on his behalf, and a close contest may be anticipated. There is little doubt that the election for Northum- berland will result in the former member, Mr, James Ilannell, being returned unopposed, he having already received numerously-signed requisitions re- questing him to stand, to which he has consented. Should, however, any candidate have the courage to oppose him, the issue cannot be doubted. The Tamivorth News of Friday last, Dec. 4, has the following remarks, respecting the electorate of Liverpool Plains :-In Tamworth just now, the pre- vailing topic of animated discussion among the townspeople is, of course, the forthcoming elections generally ; but more especially the representation of . thii electorate. In the surrounding district, also, the same subject occupies the public mind. So far as we can leam, the greater population centres are waiting the voice of Tamworth in the matter, and it would seem that whatever is with general unanimity resolved upon here will be accepted and supported by the principal towns of the district. Of course Mr. Hanley Bennett will come forward again, with strong hopes of re-election. So far, nothing has been determined upon in a public way, on the point whether Hanley Bennett shall bo again tolerated or not ; but a good many rumours are abroad, in which the names oí probable candidates are freely men- tioned. At Gunnedah, we believe, the name of Mr. P. Jennings, of Garawilla, is received with some favour, and a few here seem disposed to pin their faith to him. Mr, F. T. Rusden is also mentioned as likely to come forward. In this electorate, however, we feel convinced no squatter, or other person iden- tified with pastoral pursuits, would stand the ghost of a chance. So far as- we can interpret the feeling of Tamworth from what we hear, our firm impres- sion ia that the large majority is opposed to Hanley Bennett, and predisposed in favor of Mr. James Hoskins ; who, there is every reason to baiiere, would be generally acceptable throughout the district. We believe it is his intention to come forward on a re- quisition from a fair proportion of the townspeople. From Sydney we leam that Mr. J. W. Smart has some intention of offering himself; but nothing de- finite on the point is known. Mr. Hanley Bennett would feel delighted, doubtless, to see the votes split up by three or four other candidates besides himself, in which case his chances would be consider- ably improved. The next few days may, perhaps, bring- forth something upon which to base sound opinions regarding the future representation of the district. There u pleuty of time between to-day and the 23rd instant, in which strange things may happen.-Just going to press wa hear that Mr. John Eobertson, the " father of free-selectioD," intends to contest tlie election here against Bennett. Our Sydney special correspondent writes on Satur- day night : The latest piece of election news is that Mr. Wil- liam Forster, the late member for Illawarra, intends to offer himself as a candidate for East Sydney, and that his address will appear in the Sydney papers on Monday. He is rather late in the field, but he will be on the hustings on Monday, and he will no doubt hold his own agafeft several of the men who are seeking the suffrages cf the electors at this time. The Ministerial bunch, Messrs. Parkes, Moore, Flood, and Cooper are not meeting witt favour, and it is pretty certain that but one of the numjißi- will be re- i turned. Messrs. Flood and Cooper held meetings last night, acd their names were received with bursts i of groans, though the resolution affirming their fit- J new to represent the constituency was declared to . be carried unanimously. Mr. Parkes was present, and he counselled the electors to vote far the bunch, if tliey were in favour of the policy of the Gov6r4ment, and not to plump for him. He declared that Mr. ' Cooper, though a young man, and whatever may < haye been his imprudence in the House, would yat ! be an honour to his country-a sentiment that was not so well received as it might have been. Perhaps the most damaging speech that lias been uttered i against Mr. Parkes and his Administration was spoken in the Temperance Hall, last night, to an ex citeoTcfowd of Public School League supporters, by the Bev. Mr. Greenwood, who resented hotly the character given him and his associates in the cause of education reform, by the Premier, in his speech at the Masonic Hall-of men. of one idea. The speech might bo summed up shortly in these words: That Mr. Parke« had played two parts in regard to the education question, and that he was now endeavour- ing to play a third ; that the country managed to exist and waa governed befoia Henry Parkes was born, and that it would do so if Henry Parkes were away ; that the action of the Government in respect of several questions during the last session of Par- liament would ensure their defeat before the close of another session, if they were not defeated in the electionsj and. that Mr. Parkes was the most accom- plished political tinker the colony had ever known. The speech was enthusiastically' received. Mr. A. Stuart, the champion of the Denominational schools, explained his views upon public mat- ters rast nigüt to a large meeting, and was well received ; and Mr. Angus Cameros, a young man, and the " worMng^mer/s candidate," supported by tbemetaboraof the League, he being-in favor of their principles, addrewed; an ex,eited meeting also. Mp. Allen spoke at the Glebe, and JjEr. farnell at Parramatta. Itis- considerad eeriaiuthat Mr. Booth will'defeat Mr. Allen, though the' latter has.'much influence in the Glebe, and a very energetic com- mittee, which, may carry hnn. through, the. contest suêèéssf ully." There-, are several election meetings to-night,, including some, at which two or. three candidates, unknown to anybody, but. their acquaintances wiri speak. Addresses have bean issued by several new cantudates during the. last day or two, "Mr. Oakes has appeared- as â candidate for East. Sydney ; Mr. J. G. O'Connor, the late member for Mudgee, is a- candidate for West Sydney; an_d M?. Charfis J. Byrnes, for Parramatta. Perhaps the cleverest election squib that has-a* yet appeared"iff one wttcû-iaterprtti the cry o£ the Publie Schoof league-National Seculir Couipulson, Free-as NSC I N for \icholn« S for soot, C for cloven, and F for foot! list night a poitrait of Mr Piirkos (as pubhsutd in the Illustrated Sydney Aeics) was exhibited in nn insulting manner inside Punchs Hotel but it had not been there long before stones were thrown through an open window of the hotel, and tho pic ture, whith was covered with glass, was destrojed The excitement will io ich its height between Mon da\ and Ytedne*dv\ the List Sjdnej mminition and polling da\« The nomination proceedings pro- mise to be long, considering the number of candi- dates, and more than ordinarilj interesting The men who will be returned ore expected to be Messrs Parkes, Angus Cameron, Alex Stuart, and John Davies or William í jrster At present the betting (ior there io betting upon the elections as upon other matters of chance) is only 3 to I that Parkes heads the poll 