MINING INTELLIGENCE. THE PRINCE ALFRED. The ordinary general half-yearly meeting of this Copper Mining and Smelting Company was held at White's Arbitration Room, for general business, and to consider the winding up of the Company. Mr. F. H. Botting (Chairman of the Directors) presided. The Board reported thus:—"Adelaide, Feb- ruary 6.—The Directors herewith hand to the members the Company's balance- sheet, duly audited, made up to the 30th November. Since the date of these accounts the Board have considerably reduced the amount owing to the Bank, which now amounts to about £2,200. This has been effected partly by a loan on mort- gage on the Company's property for £2,000, as authorised by general meeting, and the balance by calls received. The Directors regret that, notwithstanding the best exertions of the Board and the Company's servants, they find themselves compelled to say that with the present capital it is impossible to carry on the mine. They have therefore only to recommend the Company at once to wind up voluntarily; and with that view they intend to ask the members to pass an extraordinary resolution. The Directors, how- ever, still have complete confidence that the mine will at some future period become a valuable properly if properly developed, and they would be glad to join with members in continuing the Company if a proper scheme is proposed for raising additional capital." Mr. J. A. T. Lake, the Managing Director, whose report was dated December 27, said "I have visited the mine three times during the last six months, At the date of my last report, for reasons therein stated, operations were confined to the incline drive and the stope in the engine shaft. So soon thereafter as opportunity offered instructions were given to draw the water from No. 4 shaft, and to cut a drain therefrom to convey the spare water into the Mattawarangala shaft, to provide against an insufficient supply ; but this was delayed until October, and conse- quently the workings were up to that time limited to the parts already referred to. The erection of six new jiggers at the com- mencement of July necessitated the extension of the dressing floors, which together with other alterations there for economizing labour and water, were carried out in July, August, and September. The additional and old jigging machines—altogether 12—have since worked satisfactorily. A heavy loss, from which the mine has ever since suffered, was made in Sep- tember, about which the late captain is at liberty to make his own explanation, for I cannot excuse it, as prior to my leaving the mine every precau- tionary step which seemed necessary before the men could commence stoping in No. 4 was made to prevent loss, and I think should, with proper care and management, have prevented it. The late captain left the mine at the beginning of October, and was succeeded by Captain Thomas. In October a drain was cut into the Mattawarran- gala Shaft to receive the surplus water from No. 4, which was incessantly drawn by day and night until the middle of November before the shaft could be emptied. No. 3 shaft and level were also emptied in October. The stopes from Nos. 3 and 4 shafts having been full of water for some considerable time before, a strong prejudice existed amongst the miners against working in them, and hence the captain had some difficulty at first and before timbering in finding men to go to work in them. The back of No. 3 subsequently fell in. The inevitable damage, great loss of time, heavy expense of drawing water, clearing out, re- timbering, and otherwise repairing the shafts and stopes, with insufficient appliances prior to reworking the same, apart from the great risk of the stopes falling in altogether, seem to me sufficient reasons why the shafts and stopes should not have been allowed to fill up unless it was intended to abandon them altogether. The stopes are in many places over 20 feet wide. The difficulty, however, appears to be overcome, and I trust that source of expense and great anxiety with which we have had to contend during the last six months will never recur, or the effect will probably be as it might have been fatal to the mine. Work is now carried on, and ore raised at the incline drive, the engine, and No. 4 stopes, and the 7-fms. level at No. 4 Shaft. With the new year we shall commence a new shaft near No. 3. Men have been stoping at the 23-fm. level from No. 4 Shaft with satisfactory results ever since working was resumed there. The present yield being estimated at five tons of ore per cubic fm. The stopes in the incline have yielded, and continue to yield good dressing work. From these two last stopes about 25 fms. of ground have been stoned during the last, two months. At the engine shaft the stopes yield a fair proportion of carbonates, which are used as a flux for smelting purposes. On getting to work at and examining No. 3 Shaft it was found impossible to work extensively, as the shaft, although sunk to a depth of 10 fms., is at the northern extremity of the ore, which dips from the surface south very fast, so that there is no ore in the shaft below a point about five or six fms. from the surface. The level at a depth of seven fms. from the surface was therefore extended in a southerly direction, and is now proved for a distance of 11 fms., carrying good results, and averaging from two to four tons of black and yellow ores per fm. the whole way. It would be advisable to extend this drive further and prove the ground before sinking another shaft whence to open north and south stopes, only that it will be necessary to explore other parts of the mine almost immediately, when it will be also necessary to rely for a steady supply of ore partly on this point, and it is therefore determined to sink a shaft here forthwith. This part of the mine, though heretofore somewhat neglected, promises to be most productive and permanent. A little machinery is sadly wanted to dispense with cartage from this shaft to the dressing-floors, as though the expense is comparatively trifling at present, immediately operations are extended (as I trust they will be in about six months hence) the cost of transit will be equal to at least 10 per cent of the expense of working the whole mine, nearly all of which might be saved by a small outlay, which cannot be spared just now, as the mine has to be opened with a view to permanency, and worked out of its own proceeds only. The same remark applies to the question of cartage from the dressing-floors to the smelt- ing works and other parts of the mine, yet under present circumstances your Directors do not see their way to purchase additional machinery, and are therefore bound to defer getting it until it can be paid for out of the actual profits. We are short of masons, and cannot complete the tank which is partly erected. The water has held out so far without touching the reserve, notwithstanding the loss of that drawn from No. 4 Shaft. Lithofracteur has been introduced on the mine, and answers well. There have been some slight accidents and repairs to the machinery. The supplies of wood have been fairly kept up, but drays are wanted just now, as so many have left to cart wheat. The furnaces have worked well, and there has been less trouble with bottoms than formerly. One furnace has been kept constantly smelting ore, and another roasting when neces- sary. During the last three months, with an exceptional week or two, the ore has been dressed up to 11 and 12 per cent, before going to the furnaces. There were complaints by the men during the early part of the half-year, but all the mine appear now to work well together. It is unfortunate for the best interests of that place that although there are some two or three hundred persons residing there, many of whom pay for licences to cut and cart wood, and other- wise contribute to the revenue, not one police- man is stationed there to suppress sly grog selling, the pernicious influence and dire effects of which, if not checked, must inevitably, and perhaps when too late, make their appearance in the very worst forms. The supplies of ore from week to week are constantly kept up, and it is expected that so soon as a new shaft near No. 3 is sunk they will be so increased as, with a little extra machinery, to make the working of the mine easy, satisfac- tory, and profitable." In a foot-note, dated January, Mr. Lake remarked—"I have been fully confirmed in my opinion that a shaft should be immediately sunk at No. 3; but as it must necessarily be expensive and unremunerative until completed I do not feel justified in recom- mending the necessary expense before I can clearly see my way of paying for it out of profits—the only means at my command." Mr. A. S. Clark moved that the reports be adopted. Mr. Ingleby seconded. The Chair- man, in answer to Mr. Clark, said no statement of assets and liabilities had been prepared since the date of the accounts,but the assets were nearly the same as before. Mr. Clark, being a creditor as well as a shareholder, asked if copper men- tioned in the balance-sheet had not been taken from the mine. The Chairman explained that the copper and some other movables had been removed, but by assets he meant the plant and mine. The copper had to go to the Copper Company for an advance. The Directors had done all that could be done during the past year. Mr. Lake, M.P., had been appointed Managing Director; but he could not make the concern pay. Some shareholders refused to pay calls, and transferred their shares into the hands of per- sons who could not be found. Therefore if the : Company were not wound up it would lose £300 or £400. Mr. Lake explained that there was a small balance over when the expenses on the mine were taken from the copper account; but he had spent money on the mine with a view to the future. He had little fear if the calls came in; but if shareholders would not pay, he thought the Company should at once be wound up. The Chairman pointed out that Mr. Lake had merely spoken of the sales of copper covering the expenses of the mine. Besides that there was interest on the Bank overdraft, Mr. Clark's account, and materials required. Mr. Peacock said he had not paid his calls, but refused to do so be- cause he found a disagreement between the Directors add the management and the share- holders that should not continue. He had asked for reports but had not got them to look at, and he did not see any in the news- papers concerning the mine as there used to be. Mr. Scott was out when he called at his office but his clerks were within. It was explained to Mr. Peacock that the reports had not come forward as before because Mr. Lake did not report to the Directors; and reports came to him. The Directors assured Mr. Peacock that they would have done anything to assist him had he made his complaint known. Mr. Charnock, though all did not agree with him, wished to put on record his belief that their losses were caused by the Directors depending upon statements of Mr. Bryant, the Mine-Manager, which were not consistent with facts in regard to the amount of ore. Mr. Ingleby said when he was on the mine fourteen months ago he saw that it could not be made to pay without plenty of water and more appliances. His opinion had not, however, carried sufficient weight, and Mr. Lake had been appointed. A capital of £5,000 was required to be immediately expended upon the property before it could be made to pay. At the other end of the section the indications were as good as at the place where they were sinking. If the ore had been more consolidated, and with not so much country mixed with it, the mine would long since have paid. Mr. Peacock wished to know if the credi- tors would not take paid-up shares for their debt. There were still a thousand not issued. The motion was carried, and the balance-sheet was also adopted, and Messrs. Ingleby and Stanley, the retiring Directors, were reappointed on the proposition of Mr. A. S. Clark, seconded by Mr. Cooke. Mr. Ingleby moved—"That it has been proved to the satis- faction of the members that this Company cannot by reason of its liabilities continue its business, and that it is desirable to wind up voluntarily; and that Mr. Jas. S. Scott be appointed Liquidator." The sum of £1,200 was required for the payment of wages and money orders, leaving the other creditors out of the question. They had only £20 to pay the money orders. Mr. Lake said the Copper Company had made advances during the last year on the guarantee of the Directors, and the Board, he supposed, would not continue to give their guarantee. Mr. Clark asked in what petition the creditors would be. Mr. Ingleby calculated that they would have 5s. in the pound. Mr. Clark thought it rather strange that the mine should be mortgaged for the payment of one creditor when the Company was in debt. The Chairman again explained that the advances had been made on the guarantee of the Directors, and had to be paid back. He did not think it could be called giving one creditor a preference when the mortgage was effected by the Directors for the good of all the shareholders. The motion was carried, and the meeting adjourned. — — — THE NORTH AND SOUTH ELEANORS.—The fol- lowing telegram has been received from. Mr. J. Bowles, the Manager of the above-named Northern Territory Companies:—"Pine Creek, February 14.—South Eleanor shaft 45 feet; drive 40 feet; 4 men employed. North Eleanor tunnel 178.feet; 7 men employed; air-shaft 43 feet. Bullocks drawing timber. With the exception of three all the men are well. Re- duced hands to 21. Report coming. Three horse teams on the road." THE NORTH AUSTRALIAN.—An extraordinary. general meeting of this Northern Territory Prospecting Company was held at their office on Monday, February 16. There were 10 share- holders present personally and by proxy. Mr. W. Hamilton presided, and the resolutions for voluntarily winding up the Company, passed at a previous meeting, were confirmed. THE NORTH WAUKARINGA.—A meeting to confirm the resolution to wind up this Company was held at the office, Currie-street, on Monday, February 16. There were present personally and by proxy seven shareholders. Mr. J. Darling presided, and the resolution to wind up was adopted. THE LADY ALICE.—The Herald of Kapunda said, on February 18—"We were glad to learn on good authority on Wednesday that on the previous day the reef had been cut in the engine-shaft on this property at a distance of 300 feet from the shaft whence the quartz recently crushed was obtained. The depth at which the reef was cut in the engine-shaft was 104 feet, whilst the first shaft was only 50 feet. Thus there is, beyond doubt, a large quantity of crushing-stuff, and we can only hope that in this instance the satisfactory results of the first crushing may be equalled in the future, so that one at least of our South Australian gold-mines may prove to be a dividend-paying property." UNITED TRADESMEN'S GOLD PROSPECTING- COMPANY (sic).—An adjourned special meeting of this Company was held at the office, 9, Hindley street, on Saturday evening, February 14. There were about 20 shareholders present. Mr. John Clark, who presided, stated that the Board of Directors had come to the conclusion to recommend the shareholders to wind up the Company as the best thing that could be done. They were all very much disappointed in their leader, Mr. Francis Manning, and very many reports had reached them as to his conduct in the Northern Territory. He (the Chairman) had been informed, and he believed the informa- tion was reliable, that instead of attending to his duties Mr. Manning had been at Southport for six weeks, and during the whole of that time had been in a state of obscurity. The great difficulty to contend against was the distance at which the Company's operations were carried on. The Directors could not control the men at the Northern Territory, and unless they could depend upon their Manager to do so it was useless attempting to carry on. It appeared that the leaders when they arrived at the Northern Territory, knowing that they had no one to look after them, instead of attending to the interest of their Companies, went away to Palmerston or Southport and spent their time in dissipation. He moved "That it is desirable to wind up the United Tradesmen's Cold Prospecting Company, Limited." He believed that would be the best thing they could do, although personally he was sorry to wind up, because he believed he was more interested in the Company than any of them, being one of the largest shareholders. He read a statement of assets and liabilities, and pointed out that a very small call per share would be sufficient to wind up. In reply to a shareholder, he said Mr. Manning and his brother had both been dismissed from the Com- pany's employ. In consequence of Mr. Manning not forwarding the Board information of what he was doing, they had tele- graphed to Mr. Clarkson, asking for in- formation as to his (Manning's) whereabouts. Mr. Clarkson replied, and from his information as well as others, they had been induced to recommend the winding up of the Company. When Mr. Manning was appointed as leader to the party he produced excellent testimonials, and was chosen after careful examination and enquiry, because it was thought he was the best man of all the applicants. There were many other charges against Mr. Manning, but it would not do for him to make them public; but if all the Directors had heard was true he thought that very likely before they had done with Mr. Manning he would have to answer to some of the charges before a Court of law. Mr. Cawthorne seconded the proposition, remarking that he was first disposed not to adopt the extreme course of winding-up, because it seemed a pity so soon to commit an act of suicide. He was rather in favour of paying off all their debts and resting on their oars for a little while; but after all that had been said by the Chairman he was opinion that the best course to adopt would be to wind up the concern at once. He corrobo- rated the remarks of the Chairman as to the appointment of Mr. Manning. At the request of a shareholder the telegrams which had passed between Mr. Manning and the Directors and the Directors and Mr. Clarkson were read. In one of them Mr. Clarkson said that Manning had paid the men no wages since landing. In answer to a question the Chairman said Mr. Manning had been supplied with the means to pay wages. After some further remarks the resolution was carried unanimously. It was resolved that Mr. W. D. Hewer be appointed liquidator of the Company at a remuneration of £20. The meet- ing then adjourned. GOLD DISCOVERY.—The Border Watch has the subjoined paragraph appears regarding the reported discovery:—"Mr. Jecks Newsham, farmer, Gambier East, has called upon us and reports as follows relative to a discovery of gold on his section. As our local readers are aware, Mr. Newsham has a limestone quarry on his farm, which he utilizes for lime-making. In this there are veins of hard-baked sand, con- taining lumps of quartz, flint, crystals, &c.; During the last few years the persons engaged in the quarry have often had their attention drawn to yellow specks of metal, both in the sand and in the quartz, but supposing it was mundic they thought nothing about it. Some months ago Mr. Newsham collected a few of the specks himself and brought them to Mr. Lienau, manager for Mr. Wendt, who, on testing them, pronounced them to be pure gold. Owing to the hurry of the harvest the matter was allowed to lie in abeyance till the other day, when work was resumed in the quarry. A small lump of quartz was then unearthed, and with the surrounding earth saved. This, on being broken up, turned out to be very rich in gold, mostly of a rough shotty description. What the value of the discovery will prove remains to be seen, but it has always been accepted as a canon of belief that no gold would ever be found at Mount Gambier. It is probable Mr. New- sham's 'diggings' will now be fully tested, and if there is anything like a payable gold lead a local company will be formed for working it. We must say, however, we are not sanguine in the matter, and should hope nothing very Quixotic will be attempted till after due en- quiries." [From the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser, Feb. 18.] THE MOONTA.—In driving on Crosby's Lode. at the depth , of 15 fathoms, a small quantity of yellow and black ore has been discovered. This lode has been operated upon at intervals during the past two years, and the shaft sunk about 45 fathoms without finding ore, until the discovery spoken of was made. This, we believe, is the first instance of ore being found in the Moonta property eastward of the celebrated Taylor's Lode. The eastern lode in the Hamley settd? is believed to be a con- tinuation of Crosby's Lode. THE SOUTH-EAST MOONTA.—The leader, or lode, whichever it may be, is increasing in size the further it is followed, and is found to be gradually heading to the northward. About a quarter of a ton of splendid ore was broken on Wednesday, a large dump of which, estimated at from 50 to 60 per cent. of copper, was exhi- bited at the Moonta Horticultural Show. The shareholders in this property are to be congratu- lated on its cheering prospects. THE NEW MOONTA.—The pumping machinery having been improved by the addition of multi- plying gear recommenced working on Tuesday, and was found to answer admirably. The sink- ing of the shaft will now be actively prosecuted. We are informed that the manner in which the pitwork has been executed is deserving praise. In the words of our informant, it is light, tidy, and strong. THE SOUTH MOONTA.—We are informed that near the western boundary of this property there has been foundthe back pf a fine-looking lode composed, of soft qnartoandbmnstone, which, is believed to he an extension of Fer- gusson's Moonta lode. THE NEW TIPARA.—Mr. S. Harris has been appointed to the charge of the New Tipara. Sinking is still actively continued upon a kindly, well-defined lode about three feet wide. The depth obtained is between and 15 fathoms. THE MID-MOONTA.—As we have before indi- cated the shareholders resident in this district some little while ago appointed three of their number to wait upon the Managing Directors, Messrs. Harvey and A, S. Clark, Adelaide, with the view of obtaining information respecting the position of the Company in relation to the claims recently setup to the property by Mr. W. T. Dalwood. On Monflay evening the members of the deputation, Messrs. L, L Furner, Mann- heim, and Olifent, delivered their report a a (sic) convened meeting in the Moonta Hotel, at which Mr. Maddern presided. They stated that Messrs. Harvey and Clark had offered them every facility for pursuing their investiga- tions, and had given them access to the documents and correspondence bearing upon the case, and they made, this direct acknow- ledgment of their courtesy. They then en- tered into a detailed statement; to the following effect:—Mr. W. S. Whitington was the original lessee of the property, and gave a power of attorney to Mr. Harvey to deal with the section, as also a power of substitution of attorney- ship, which the latter gentleman exercised in favour of Messrs. Darton & Co., of London. This firm, through a Mr. Hill, sold Mr. Whiting- ton's interest in the lease to the present Mid- Moonta Company for a sum of £500 cash and a certain number of free shares, of which Mr. Whitington received 1,500 and Mr. Harvey 1,000. Messrs. Darton and Co. having compled the sale, requested Mr. Whitington to draw for the £500, with which instruction that gentleman complied; but before the bill matured Messrs. Darton (Mr. Whiting- ton's substitute attorneys) became insolvent. So that so far as Mr. W Whitington was concerned the money consideration never found its way into his pockets, though it was received on his behalf by his agents. The free shares, forming part of the consideration in the sale, were subsequently sold by Mr. Whitington during a temporary advance in the price of that particular stock. But by some mischance—the absence of neces- sary documents, or an alleged refusal of Mr. Whitington to sign—the Mid-Moonta Company failed to register the transfer of the property in the colony, so that the lease of the section still remained in Mr. Whitington's name. He then got a certificate from the Registrar-General's Office to the effect that he was the registered proprietor of the lease, and the certificate became the pro- perty of Mr. W. T. Dalwood for an alleged con- sideration of £100. Directly this bargain was closed Mr. Dalwood served a writ of ejectament on the captain of the mine, and this led Mr. Harvey to obtain an injunction restraining Mr. Dalwood from dealing with the property until the question of the title had been settled by a suit in equity. This of course, restrains all operations excepting simply such as to the Directors seem desirable for the future develop- ment of the mine. Messrs. Stow & Ayers were understood to be retained by Mr. Dalwood, and Mr. Boucaut holds a retainer on behalf of the Company, and we hear that the latter gentleman pronounces that the litigants on the other side have not got "the ghost" of a chance. Still heavy law expenses will of necessity be incurred, and these it is proposed to meet by a new issue of shares. So far as regards the position of the Company as it stands now in relation to the English capital embarked, we are led to understand that the total amount raised in England was £2,059. Of this sum £900 has been sent to the colony to assist in working the mine; £500 was paid to Messrs. Darton & Co., for Mr. Whitington; and the balance, it is presumed, has been absorbed in preliminary and " floating" expenses in London. The proper acknowledgments were made to the deputation, and the meeting terminated. [From the Wallaroo Times, February 14.] THE MOONTA.—At Hughes's Shaft, which is 100 fms. deep, men are driving on the course of the lode, which is extremely hard. The lode is wide, containing small quantities of ore scattered through quartz. Through the hard- ness of the ground very small progress can be made in extending the drive. Hitherto the men have been working in only one direction. They have now, however, made sufficient way to admit of another pare being employed, who commenced operations on Tuesday, having taken their bargain on the previous Saturday at public survey. Other parts of the mine keep on the even tenor of their way. On our last visit to the mine on Monday last Captain Hancock showed us a remarkably fine specimen taken from the Prince Alfred lode, which is wide and enor- mously rich, and of course quite exceptional in value. The bulk of deposits of yellow ore in the mine do not ordinarily yield more than from 28 to 30 per cent., while the picked speci- men shown us will yield 55 per cent., consisting of one-third yellow ore and two-thirds of sul- phuret of copper. Patches of sulphuret of copper are sometimes found to contain as muca (sic) as 50 per cent. On Saturday last the workmen were assembled in front of the setting box at the office—a proceeding which takes place once in two months—in order to take bargains. A very large number of tributes and tutwork were accepted with entire satisfaction to both men and employers. One particular feature was the numerous attendance, which made the compe- tition brisk for pitches not hitherto taken up. A serious breakage occurred at Prankerd's engine last week, the large crank breaking in two pieces, caused by the fracture of the con- necting-rod. The cause was not ascertainable. A new crank has been manufactured on the mine, and having been fitted, the engine is again in full working order. For a few days it will be engaged in hauling up the ore which had in the interim accumulated below. The mine is possessed of all appliances for moulding and casting, and all kind of iron-work for the mine can be expeditiously executed. The supply of water is again becoming very low in consequence of wood-carters drawing so heavily on the stock in hand for the supply of all wants of the mine, miners, and others. The rain which fell a few weeks ago so abun- dantly at the other townships of the Peninsula, was comparatively scanty at Moonta, though at Moonta beach the fall was heavy. The fall was slighter as the shore was left behind, and at East Moonta scarcely any water fell. The mine stills are occasionally set to work, but the appliances are so simple that the operation is effected with a very small portion of labour. The steam has only to be turned on in the pipe which conducts it to the cooler, whence it flows through an iron pipe to a large tank specially made for holding the distilled water. This water is being sold to employes of the Company at 1s. per hhd. and to outsiders at Is. 6d. per hhd. THE COPPER KING.—At the Copper King, in sinking a shaft on the course of the lode, they found the back of the lode impregnated with green and black ore and malleable copper. A NEW DISCOVERY.—A new discovery has been made about 12 miles from Kadina on the Penang run. Mr. C. Poole discovered a lode about 4 feet wide on the surface, consisting of manganese and iron, and which can be traced for two hundred yards. About 100 yards off is a quartz reef. Several experienced miners and others visited the property this week, and consider it looks very congenial for copper. The property has been secured by Poole and others. [Fromthe Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser, Feb. 17.] THE NORTH POONA, —Costeening is continued in different parts of the claims. Several quartz veins have been found, but none sufficiently promising to warrant extensive testing. THE SOUTH DEVON.—The drive towards the parallel lode has been extended 7 fins. 2 feet without reaching it, showing the underlie is much greater than had been anticipated. THE WEST DOORA.—The shaft has attained a depth of 4½ fms. below the 14-fm. level. A splendid improvement in the lode is reported. The footwall has a good dig coming in of steatite, flookan, and gossan, and is altogether losing more favourable than it has ever looked before. The sparry portion of the lode is 2¼ feet wide, carrying spots of ore. The walls are regular, and underlie 3 feet in the fm. The water having been dammed back at the 14, the ground below that level is perfectly dry. THE MID-MOONTA.—In Morris's Shaft the drive at the 15-fm. level has been extended south between four and five fathoms. The lode is 2½ feet wide, composed of quartz, ore, and ironstone, the latter being largely mixed with ore of rich quality. There is every reason to believe that under the iron there is a fine shoot of ore, and Captain Lean expects that the sinking of another lift will disclose a rich, payable lode. The captain had intended driving south until a communication should be effected with the workings in the Yelta Shaft, and good ventilation be thereby obtained, but the temporary suspension of operations in that shaft has somewhat interfered with his plans. Harvey's Shaft has been sunk to a depth of 16 fms. The cross-course has been cut through at the north end of the shaft, and it has been found that the intersecting vein, which has a southerly underlie, has shifted the lode to the eastward. Water is coming in freely. THE MATTAPARA.—Some excellent stones of black oxide were extracted from No. 1 Shaft last week. Sinking has been resumed in this shaft below the 15-fm. level. In No. 2 Shaft a pare of men has recommenced operations. The ground is of a promising character, carrying green ore between the joints. The prospects of the mine continue of a most promising nature. — — — THE VICTORIA.—A special general meeting of this Gold Mining Company was held at their office. King William-street, to wind up affairs. Eight shareholders were present in person or by proxy. Mr. A. S. Clark, who presided, said shortly after the last general meeting arrange- ments were made to bore a hole for a new shaft. The hole was put down 50 feet, and then the man in charge got the boring-tool stuck. As he saw no way to get it out without considerable expense, and had been three times longer over the work than he ought to have been, the Board summarily dismissed him, as they had no other man to carry on the boring, and the captain did not see his way to do any good without con- tinuing it to a considerable depth. Funds were getting low, and the shareholders did not seem inclined to pay calls; the works were therefore suspended for three months in the hope that some discovery would be made on the adjoining claims which would encourage them to resume operations. The period had now almost run out, and it was necessary to decide what should be done with the claims. The receipts had been £697 6s. 4d., and the expenditure £729 19s. 8d., leaving a balance due to their bankers of £32 13s. 4d. Besides that, there were liabilities amounting to £120 6s. 2d,, making a total of £152 19s. 6d., against which there were unpaid calls due, £84 16s. A further call of 6d. was made a few days ago, but probably one half the amount would be sufficient if the Com- pany were wound up. The liabilities were to a certain extent represented by tools in hand. He moved that the Company be wound up. Mr. T. Johnson seconded, and the proposition was carried. Mr. S. C. Pearson was appointed liquidator at the remuneration of £25. THE NORTH-EAST MATTA.—The following tele- gram was received from Mr. W. Carvosso, of Kadina, by Mr. W. Harris, a Director of this mine, on Tuesday morning, February 17:— "Cut green and grey ore in North-East Matta." THE DOORA.—At this property, we understand, fine lode of bell metal ore has been cut at the 42-fm. level. 