ME. PARKES AXD HIS TUADUCE.RS. (Evciriiicj JPosl.) Tiif.re must always be a Uroacl vein of personality in, the politics of a young State.' Every one knows every one else, ? and tlio gvent questions are nob yet. suffi- ciently absorbing in 'themselves to admit of that-. total' disjunction of public from private lift', observed in estimating the worth of great men in older countries'. Of j . the millions who hang upon the words of i Gladstone, Bright, Dis'uaisli, how few ai'o acquainted with their domestic his- i tory, Of bhe thousands who have listened to Mr. Pakkes or Mr. Kobektsojt how ' few could not. minutely relate every occur-' rence of their lives. Hence, with us. the political action of men who stand iu high places is seldom, tliiicussed without an exhuming of faults long dead and buried, and an exposure of skeletons in private cupboards, generally productive of that fierceness, so observable in the debute of Thursday evening. That debate affords a valuable lesson in political friendship, a warning against the leakiness of confidants under pressure of anger, and the clanger of committing secrets to a friend, who may one day sit on the opposite benches. And yet it discloses some touching incidents of a sweet literary '?'' communion amongst our public men, the existence of which ? we had not before dreamed of, and which must have tended greatly to smooth the rugged ness of political life. We have that distinguished artist in adjectives, Mr. Buchanan, submitting his daubs, in a burst of confidence to tlie indulgent criti cism of Sir James Martin and Mr. Pakkes. Doubtless, too, the versatile author of ' the Murmurs' responded by an outpour of sonnets, as gushing, way-, ward, and musical as his own Tank Stream. 'With shame be it said, the confidence was not complete. The wily painter, whilst drinking in sweet flattery and sonnets, and perhaps something still more cheering, had in his portfolio a portrait which his host might have criticised rather harshly, of an individual who seemed ' to cre^p stealthily along, rather than walk firmly and manfully.' 0, shades of Fox and . BuKKE,.what a travestie of friendship ! A still more noteworthy feature is the Colonial Secretary's defence: of his conduct —a remarkable ebullition of that magnifi cent impudence, which has been as the brazen buckler of his political life. A. public man, in. some sense, he always has. been, aud even before his plunge into Par- ?', liament, an object of interest, occasionally of anxiety, to many of his fellowr citizens. There aie those who still remember the old Empire, and have never yet parted with, the autographs left them ab its decease. The Sun ot prosperity, which now shines so brightly on the successful Premier had almost reached its zenith be fore the Kiarna Ghost was quite scared away. With these things fresh in our recollection we can keenly appreciate the following ; — . . ' ' He cared little for the praises of any man. He had lived long enough to know that what little character lie liad must rest upon its own genuineness ; it could not be injured by unjust detraction If he had committed errors, so much the better for those. who were stainless. He knew that he had lived in the estimation of his iriends. They were all wound him., The friends of hi* early days ivei-e all around him yet. TIiosk who knew 'all he had' done, those who had been most hit mate with him through out his publ c life, were his warmest fneuds at this moment:' What a speech fnr a martyr ! Mark the Christian humility and charity, the calm fortitude of . conscious -.virtue, and after all the man asserting itself in that appeal to the friends of his youth. What a sub ject for Mr. Buchanan's pencil! 'Stand- ing astride the country, like some collosua ' in that fierce light that beats upon a throne,' with folded arms, and a smile of conscious innocence, he beams down sweetly, forgivingly, almost sadly, on the traducers who creep about his feet' — a brazen statue of impudence. Mb. Farnell must be careful. He has managed to tread upon one of the most che rished corns of his chief ; to offend a very sensitive vanity in one of its most sensitive places. Everybody knows Mr. Paekes's immense genius for cross-examination, and for eliciting the truth 'from lying' criminals, and the pleasure, he takes in the exercise of what is. one of his most pre-: eminent talents. Since the great success 'which attended his masterly inquisition of the reluctant O'Farrell, he has naturally been anxious for another opportunity for benefiting the coun try in a similar way. Such an op portunity, long waited for, at last presented' itself. M.r. Andrew Hume, the released criminal, and the discoverer of Classan, sent word beforehand, from Brisbane, that he was coming with wondrous tidings and marvellousdocumeuts.TheCoLONrALSECRE tary braced himself for the encounter. We do not know whether he had arranged with Mr. Cook, or any other short-hand reporter, to stand behind the door this time, . bub no doubt his keen sagacity 'would have omitted no due precaution. Who was : to know? Might he not worm from this criminal, as he had extorted from the last, i another truthful confession, which might \ enable him to discover a second opportune j ghost? It was a great occasion ; but, alas, i how completely was it spoilt !,; The un ? lucky Hume, instead of going to the office where he would have met a kindred spirit in a man of vivid imagination, like him self, and of great plausibility and pertina city of statement, like himself, carried his ! Mtory to a Minister remarkable chiefly for a plain, brutal cotnnjon-sen.se, who only asked him straightforward questions, and never even dreamed of putting a re porter behiud the. door. No wonder Mr. Parkes feels sore. How differently would he not have managed so important and delicate an enquiry, and how very different an opinion would he not have formed from that which Mr. Farnell has come to. And to think that his Minister for Lands should have had no better sense of the fitness of things. That is almost the saddest feature in the case. Mr. Farnell should have felt by instinct, as soon as Hume was brought before him, -'hat this was not a case for mere common sense to deal with, bnt a subtle investiga tion requiring a subtle investigator, and a keen intellect, and should, therefore, have at once sent the man to the expectant Premier. Besides, was it not Mr. Parkes who sent to Queensland the instructions that Husn-: should have a free passage to Sydney and be supplied with what money he might want, and does not ' any matter not in the special department of any other Minister come under the cognizance of the Colonial Secretary ' ? Mr. Farnell's obtuseness is surprising. He has deprived his great chief of an .opportunity ;/,; for distinguishing . himself, arid he wi 11'. not readily be forgiven , for his great _ chief's feelings (and especially his vanity) are' very sensitive. We of the public, however, may rnbre quickly forgive Mr. Farnell, since it is not improbable that his .?; mistake will save the country from the cost of a wild- goose chase, under Hume's leadership, to find a white man who has no existence. 