ARCHBISHOP MANNING ON EDUCATION. (From the Birmingham Morning News, September 21.) IN the pulpit, Dr. Manning speaks with the earnest- ness and emphasis of a man impressed with the importance of his message, his oratory being simply the natural expression of intense conviction. The sustained attention with which he is listened to is due to no trick of art, or' device of the rhetorician. AS It preacher he is direct, clear, impressive, with little that savours either of rhetoric or poesy. But withal, the Archbishop is a master of expression, and it would be difficult to find anywhere a preacher who states the proposition he is anxious to enforce more tersely or more luminously. in " Memorials of a Quiet Life," by Augustus J. C. Hare, there is a touching reference to Dr. Manning's secession to Home and a spontaneous tribute to the perfect sincerity that dictated the step. On that point we should imagine there can be no diversity of opinion. ... In discoursing yesterday from these words of Christ, " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," Dr. Manning boldly challenged the programme of the Birmingham School Board. The text from which the Archbishop preached was described by him as the Church's charter. The world to be taught when the commission was given was heathen, and Christendom was the result of the teaching. From the days of Augustine downwards ? England had possessed a Christian education, and Ireland had been equally favoured from the time of St. Patrick. We are glad to see that on this point the Archbishop has a rather better opinion of England than he entertained a a few years ago. In " Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects," published by Dr. Manning in 1873 we find these words, "What a great English political writer said of France during its first revolution, that it had torn itself from the family of nations, and I become the antagonist to all, may be with greater truth seal of England under the action of the Protestant Reformation. It rent itself violently from the commonwealth of Christendom, and constituted itself upon a basis of temporal and spiritual independence, at variance with the true interest of Catholic and Christian nations. Three centuries have been required to unfold all that lay hidden in this act of Reparation. The policy of un-Catholic( Russia is Catholic by the side of the anti-Catholic policy of England, which represents at this day not the partially Christian political society of the original Protestant Reformation, but polities of the natural order divested not only of the Catholic, but also of the Christian or supernatural character." It sounds somewhat con- tradictory, that a people whose politics have become thus essentially secular should yet possess a Christian education. Archbishop Manning adds to his many other merits the merit of being a good hater. His likes and dislikes are often rather violently expressed, and the transitions in his antipathies are as sudden as the antipathies themselves are strong. At the present moment, not England but Germany is the special object of the Archbishop's aversion. Prussia is the " frightful example to which he directs us. In Berlin, according to his Grace of Westminster, only some two per cent, of the population attend church. But whatever be the cause of this, it would be a mistake to assume that the culture of Prussia is secular. The text from which Dr. Manning preached is to him a warrant for the claim of the Church to educate the community. Here, however, the question at once arises, What is the sense in which the word teach h to be understood : We have the highest possible re- spect for the Archbishop's theological attainments and exegetical powers, but, with all deference to both, we must be permitted to say that the text in question has not the slightest reference to the education over which England has been recently disputing. What the Apostles are enjoined to teach in this text is not the rudiments of culture, but the elements of Christianity. Their mission was the mission of the preacher, not the schoolmaster. Were there any need to demonstrate this, the fact that their instruction was to be consummated by baptism places the point beyond controversy. We are quite ready to admit that what is taught in schools is not the whole of education, and there is no desire on the part of the advocates of secular culture to ignore religious teaching. All they contend for is, that the money of the State should not be employed to diffuse religious dogmas. Christianity is an affair of the individual life ; religious opinions are a matter between God and the human conscience, God alone being Lord of the conscience. It is on this ground that the advocates of secular education stand, and while they so stand their position is invulnerable. The State, is a civil, not a sacred institution, and exists for natural, not super- natural purposes. The sooner this fact is recognised, the sooner we shall see an end of the unseemly controversies on educational Questions that have recently perturbed the country. Archbishop Manning was quite justified in vindicating the right of the parent over his child. The admissions, however, which he was compelled to make rather tended to defeat than serve the purpose for which that vindication was attempted. His Grace's reference to the extreme form in which the father's right was asserted in Roman law, proved that in modern society antique parental privileges have been largely curtailed. We no longer allow a parent the power of life and death over his child, and, as we no longer tolerate slavery, we do not tolerate the selling of children into slavery by unnatural parents. I'o have thus circumscribed the right or, rather, we should say the power of the parents, exhibits a truer idea of duty than existed in old Home. The notion of a child being the property of the Commune-a action against which the instincts of Dr. Manning naturally revolt is not a modern idea. Greek literature may be said to be saturated there with, and in not a few of the States of Greece the nation was put in practice. Although in its extreme form the idea is false, there is a modified sense in which it is true, and in that modified sense Dr. M inning was yesterday compelled to adopt it. He does not, for example, object so to condition the right of the parent over his child, as to assure a child education should the parent be indifferent to its instruction. On this point the Archbishop is practically at one with the National Education League or he accepts compulsion, 1 provided it is applied as faithfully to the higher as to the lower classes. There can, we presume, be no controversy with the Archbishop here. Compulsion is rather an expedient than a principle. Universal education is the principle, compulsion a means by which it may be secured for those of the community, whether high or low, who may be indifferent to its priceless blessings. Archbishop Manning treated the wrangle that had arisen over the pecuniary question in the present educational struggle as something too contemptible to be seriously dealt with. Here, however, he permitted feeling to lead judgment astray. The notion of resisting an educational rate because of the application of a moiety thereof to theological purposes was repudiated by his Grace as an example of scrupulosity rather to be rebuked than encouraged. If this kind of thing goes on, Archbishop Manning thinks we shall have people by-and-bye resisting a water rate, on the ground of some difference of opinion with their neighbours. This, surely, is a rather unfortunate illustration. There is really no analogy between contributing to support erroneous theological conclusions and the payment of a water rate. To demonstrate this, let us transport ourselves, in thought, from England to the Orient. ' Suppose an Englishman in India-say Dr. Manning himself ferried over-and prepared to give our Oriental empire the benefit of his teaching. Imagine, the Indian tax- gatherer coming to his, Grace with a demand for a, contribution to 'ropport'HnosV heathen temples, and that idolatrous worship, which he had expatriated himself to destroy ! Would his Grace of Westminster willingly pay such a tax ? We can easily conceive the scorn with which he would treat his own argument if found on the lips of an Indian official. a 