THE' GREA.T WORLD '' IN . , ,; ..FRANCE.,.,,, . ?.,.;. , 'UnB -PaUTIE 1-E Pt'AISIR.' (From the Fall Mall Gazelle.): / A great lady of tho seventeenth century being stricken with ennui :one day, her husband and some friends present sng gestetla morning with the ' hawks. But she was in no humor for-hawks.; A ride, then, with a little tilting at' rings or at the quintain ? V No; these', diversions wero stale. . Agnmo of bowls.or bilboquet then, a deal of cards, a', .spell of back gammon ?, : ' Non rmessieurs, '; at last said the Jady-with impatience/,'. jo n'aime pas les plaisirs innocents.' i -Tastes ;have improved since thenj';andi when modern 'French 'ladies of 'the world 'aro ' hoard arranging a ' p'artie'!de plaisir';' one may be sure . the ' progratririio' will . bo wholly, 'and indeed ]_ n ai vely,' , ' i nnopen t . . ; Bal Is, crushes,', dinners, 'aca'dpmio'.'spccciioj!,' .the opera, and, exhibitions; of v,all sorts -r-ihese arp,not,pleasures, but a rbund.of duties in which: ladies;:, after ;thf-' first i riovolty of. them : has';. worn'.' off, tako no:tmoro real ?delight than soldiers do in a' review/ ;But ;-a ' partio do plaisir-'is a'day^s holiday 'which breaks': in upon-'tho monotony of social objigatioris with a .wondrous fresh ness;' it is, a piece of truancy to1. bo' romem- bored iWitli-' cheerfulness and emotion , through.; many ' a ;dull day ,'succeeding. Intlie spring .the thing tp!,.do is to go' to the' Petit Trianon, arid pass a morning,in poor Mario ^Antoinette's model r pnrlc,' with ,' its ? q iiaint 'diii ry ,' 'cowhousd, and, presbytery;; then' hark; back to St. ; Germains in ; a 'char-fl. .baric ; .or fourin hand,.' dine' ;at , the Pavilion Henry IV;, and drivo homo to Paris ,in ,the' moonlight —'the almanac having ..been, consulted bpforchandTpr this purpose!. .Onanother dhyi,;a vbreakfasfc in the :;branches of. 'Itobinson's oak' at Scoaux should begin the: amusement,: and a. visit' to'St. Cloud, with return down the river by moonlight as before, -''should end it -This 'moonlight is esseritidl, for where no moori'is, there ; are rip giantshadows '. of .trpesj : no silver ? ripples ,, in the water,' and lio. poetising. In the ; winter, 'however, no plan fora happy, day is quite . complete ^unless it , embrace one or all of these features — 1, a ; trip, down the sewers, with tho Prefect of the Seine for one's guide ; 2, a nice, flesh creeping' stroll j through; the ' Catacombs ;. ' 3, a sdan'ce'at' a spiritualist's or a fortune-' ' teller's ; .4; a dinnbrat a'restaurarit ; aiid, 5,'a;c6uplb of; hours in a loge gvlllde at ? some popular theatre renowned lor farces. 6r....melo,dramas ; total, 16 hours away; . from1, home with;, no,. trpuble''6f dressing, and 'pure excitement . from ,,;first: . to ,'last. ', Such is .the;, manner^of, : holi ,day: ;' which .our. . acquaintances the, Three 'Graces ; of'; the - Faubourg St. 'Gerraain!Ullv'e resolved to give themselves i wi th: r M; do ' Sangbleu, M.' Pistache, and M.' dp 'Muguetj.on leiiyp from-'his hussar' regiment,- acting as'thoir..cayaliorsi '-They liaye been looking forward to the enjoy ment, for. .days, arid days, and Jf^ a. snow- storm ;. occurred on the appointed morning, the ladies would almost cry from, disap: pointment. ?: But;; luekily,-:-eye.rything works propitiously. .This astonishingly Rood-natured winter contributes a bright sun and a clear sky. ? 'M. le Profet. Ferdi nand; Duval has placed himself' at tlie service of the party along withTM. Al phand, th'e'manof magic, who for'2p;years ' has, been rebuilding, % embellishing, and polishing,, Paris ; and. truly' there* arb.rio '? six gladder people, in, the capital than those, whom a waggonette conveys; to -the; plac'e.de'la- Madeleine under ? tho .oscort'of the two 'distinguished as liles,!and:- lands nearah iron plate in the pavement,, close to' thbi flower market. This plate' is a door, and leads to the' sewbr.s.:| ';.' .'''?' '' .'.'?' ' ;Let no one be flurried at'! 'the' word;'' for' the. sewers of Paris are 'the firiest', arid ; sweetestin the world, and since the amiable princesses of the House of.Orlbaris set the, example of visiting them, eVory..one-,else', has been, anxious to do so, impelled,. of. course, by enthusiasm for the marvels of science. A man in a flannel shirt'and rusty; boots reaching to his thighs' lifts the; door.vand the party descend a1 staircase, not too steep, and find themselves .pn a platform under a tunnel, much like-those of the underground railway, in, London. There is nothing to see at first ibut'the enamelled bricks of the vault; glaring clean as porcelain in the gaslight, and a; tram-car. like a third class railway carriage, into which the party are requested to mount, and in which they. are borne at a slow pace under the ru nble bt the streets above.as far as the Place duCliatelet. So far there is really nothing to inspire terror, and the ladies, who had taken every pre-, caution possible in the way of sah-t in gold-capped smelling-bottles, ., arid .^who, besides, had judged it necessary to, turn'- pale on reaching the platform,; find now that science is a smooth,, decent, thing, after/all. The tram-oar is drawn :by a contrivance of ropes, and of a sewer nothing is- visible but a canal of rapid, eddying waters, which flows along the tram quay, and which the party ;not un naturally take for a subterraneous branch oftheSeine. It is as though a pleasing illusion had been snatched from, them when they loarri that this 'canal. is,the sewer, and that the shoals of rats they had hoped : to ' see (from afar, and safely.pro tected), i the mounds of silver spoons : dropped into the drains by hunted thieves, the instruments of burglary got rid of by the same means, and, perhaps, who knows? a very burglar in tho flesh being pursued' like Yictor Hugo's Jean Valjean through underground Paris.and baffling the ardour of his persecutors, ' are all pictures, that must be expunged from their fancy. How ever, hope revives for a spaeo when the party are transferred from the tramiinto a punt, and are paddled under a vaulting,' along the narrow pavements of which booted scavengers are flitting like ghosts, with huge besoms in their hands;,' If M. Maxime Ducamp, the historiographer of Paris, wero with the party, or if Pre fect D.uvar.were'as communicative, ' ds i he might i bo, the, ladies '.?^ouli';learri;!'w'jth; ?more surprise 'than pleasuro tlidt after the boots of those scavengers have been worn six months, and are seemingly good ,ft-r nothing but to be cast into a flaming, furnace, they begin a new and glorious . career in the shops of fashionable boot makers. The leather being thick at starting, the outward rusting they undergo seasons them, and they hayo only to be scraped, clt?aned, and chemicnliscd in some way to afford tho finest leather known in the shpe-trado for durable ladies' boots. But this useful wrinkle of knowledge is .only confided to gentlomon, and in tho way of. startling news the ladies loam nothing but this, that if a thunderstorm wero, to break ou£ overhead, the vault under which they are gliding might be filled with'rain water in five minutes. ?'? And do you mean we should be drowned ?' ? asks Mdme.-de Rosetlid, with a slight lump in her throat 'Quito drowned, all of as,' answers, tho '.prefect cheerfully; '.but there are no thunderstorms iu'winter, and . wedbn'.t risk those .'.ad ventures., in , rainy, weather.'-. Saying ;. -which ,he ppints'jto .shafts hollowed 50ft. apart on either /side, of tho: onnal, va'nd provided with iiron clamps to afford the - scavengers a ready! escape into the streets at the 'first ap proach of danger. ',' It is;fair to state that this explanation operates as; just the slightest damper pri the general feeling of 'pleasantness, but .happily the end 'is near. Shooting like a dull fish over the waters, tho punt. roaches a land-, ing stage near ,a flood-gate, ; and . lo l.at a signal from;M. Alphand, this flood gate is closed ; and tho contrary currents being thus checked, thousands uponthpu .sands. of corks rise to the surface, 'bob; about and jostloono' another; One can' see nothing but corks, for those light: things act as a cloak to the innumerable other waifs 'beneath'.';.',', and, before .the party have had full time to guess where such animposing array of corks can have come from, the floodgate is opened 'anew, tho corks duck under arid are whirled off: to their new dostinies-^-tlmt is,' to 'be fished up in tlie wire nets near the sewer's outlet; to be sold by the myriad, arid to bo transformed from their late condition of cliarripagnej' bqer, and claret corks into those coquettish ^.'stoppers used by .per fumers' and! chemists.; ,;. 'So nothing. is lost,', remarks |the prefect, as the party,; much edified by .what they have seen and somewhat relieved that it is all over, emerges into the open day again some where 'near ?? ' the ? Place; s de/la ?' Bastille ; wliereat M.: Pistacho ; adds to : poetical Mdriie. ' de; Bdseda; as ho.iassists her into'tho waggbn'otte. ' ' No ' one . need despair', of botter,;:; days. '? ' Tho cbamv pagno .cork which; flies down, the sewer may' .well.: inoari that its- { hours of gloryare over ;, but after i'.s brief purga to'rylit rises, again on-the top of a;bottle of '.Toekey Club;' .This comforting philosophy: forms the :most fitting of preludes to a walk through the 'Catacombs,: which are eutered at 'the Barrier d'Enfer — ^^glboriiy but appropriate name!' As ; every ' one knows, the palaoombs^ are disused stone -.quarries which.have been adorned,' in true iTTrench 'jta'ste,' with1.' the skulls and bones; of all the skeletons dug up froth the fcity; churchyards closed at . Ihe revolution. Tlie Innbserit's':' Cemetery ,: which' stood ?wli'f-re the central; markets now are,and which was the principal burying-place of Paris during four centuries, 'contributed' ; n earl v 3,000,000 skeletons, and.the.iyic tims beheaded, under the, Terror supplied a smaller ,. but ; not less. interesting con tin?ent;;: The skulls -are most artisti cally embedded -in the 'walls— here in pyrariiidal pattbrns, tori at the base and'' one : ,at ; the apex ; , there in Ipzoiiges ; further pri in' pvals/ with a; picturesque frame work' of shin- bpries ; and ' in some places the shapely devices take the forms of crosses and stars. Wherbyer identification was possible, brass plates have been insertbd :to; .record, the names drico borne by these ornamental; relics ; and ' a Frenchman has: only' to- ramble through the Catacombs' to feel that he ? belongs' not only1 to; an artistic but; a tlioughtful arid considerate people. Each of the persons in, the present' party has been furnished:with ''an iron bandlestick and a tallow dip, arid' they have been adjurednot to get apart from one another —which- Uiev would ; not have been tempted to doin any case— for_ there is a legend of an Englishman who insisted on. doing the Catacombs alone, and who, having outpaced his guide, was found 24 hours afterwardsunderthePantheon, more dead than' alive in every sense, for he fan cied himself a skeleton. To five persons in the party the Catacombs have only the fascination of curiosity. Beingbf noble blood, they are naturally acquainted with the sites where their ancestors were buried ever ? since the world began'; but M. Pistache, who springs of ' plebeiari; stock, has the emotion of, feeling that. any one.ofthbse'skulls which are. ogling him may. have sat.' on' the shoulders; of -his ereiit-grandfath'er, Jwhbm... he. happens .16.'. know plied ah. honest grocery .business, near ; ithe Innocents' : quarter. .Is it ? tliis which stamps a slight line 'of melancholy on the gallant young Frenchman's brow ?? Anyhow, he lias not much appetite for' the luncheon -which ; the prefect -hospitably give's to his' guests at the,' Luxerriboure.v arid the sa'diibss has not quite left.;hiriikll; the afternoon, when the, party.take leave'; of their'1 agreeable host, arid adjourn 'to the '; third, itom ;in their partiedeplaisir —a visit to Baron Srapp, the spiritualist -medium. ?? ! ?:'? ( -? ?? ?:?-?-?_;-.- ?.'!?.-:;. .:? : -Who made; ?/r. Erapp a baron,:nnd -by what secrert treaty with 'the evil one lie came to acquire his power over chairs and tables; are mysteries' whicli no one lias ven tured to fathom'; but h.b'is muph run. after, and not;th;e less so! ashisfetriinirib;. visitors , are persuade'^ there, is^.some. thing, sulplnirous about, tKeman,!,and. never '.,'?- fail to do; ponanco., by Hlieir confessors'; orders, for j having .visited him. '? However, supernatural attractions: arenotto bo withstood .even at the risk of penancei' Long-befpro .the Empress Josephine had' set the 'example of consult: iing'tne sibyl of thb'Bue Tpurnon./Mdlje, , 'XcnoTmHnd^ridlbrigbefpr'o^aotheriinSHS lady in moro.reccnt times had shown her '.'?' keen interestin spiritualism, French ladios .. ? of the world had loved tho fortuno:tellor's ' ? craft ; and time has but developed this / love, as tho 65 fortune-telfcrs who adver tisein Sotot's Paris Directory can avouch. ' But-Baron Frapp is not a vulgar fortune teller, for these persons claim fixed fees, whereas the baron leaves everything to. the generosity of his visitors — which is , very different, for he earns twice as much ' as he would under tlie other urrangemout. Ho has five rooms, and is himself a .well-;-..-; dressed presentablo man. If the ladies.:, expected cavernous chambers and.. Beer with hair down his shoulders, they must be as disappointed as they were a few hours before in. tho sewers ;.? on the other hand, they are thrilled as much os they can .desire, when, courteous preliminaries being over, ;the'y find themselves seated round i a mahogany table,, while Baron Frapp proceeds to close thoshutters, draw . the curtains, and otherwise darken the -. :room. .This is unearthly. 'I am sure I shall scream,' falters Mdme. do Mig- ^ nonnTstte,; putting out her- hand to fool ? that she is protected on her right by the ? ? Duke do.Sarigbleu and on her left by M. - ,' 'Pistacho. .' Is it really necessary to ..;: . ;darkeri the room ?' asks Mdme. de ? Rosethd faintly, arid putting out her hand -.'L similarly .to ; feel for her relative, the / hussar.: .-,' Quito necessary, for the spirits v dread tho light,!' is the Baron's reassuring ? ; answer. 'Well, but how shall we see to write on these slips of paper?' inquired M. Pistaohe, ^alluding to tho sheot o foolscap arid the pencil with which every body has been 'furnished;' but he obtains;-' no distinct reply, for ''tho. baron has'some-': how crawled back to his. chair in the dark,' and having given tho command, 'All . : hands on the tablo,' is asking ^solemnly, _?? 'A'ro there any , spirits in ;this room?':: Judgo:of;M. Pistaehe's feelings when, ' from right; under: his nose, as it wore, comes up a series of ghostly raps on the ;: mahogany ! Ho is a peaeenble man is M.' : Pistache; who lias never dubbL-d- before ' . iii tho works ; of darkness, and that visit to ?'?[ the Catacombs has so far unnerved him ': that a few, beads pearl on his forehead at the thought that this rapping spirit may bo his great- grandfuther's. To appease all anxieties on this head, let it be stated, - ' that the ispirit'is only that of Plutarch, ' who, with the affability for which, he- ' was noted both in Boootia and- : at Eomeeightebri couturins ago, consents ;to answer-any questions that may bo put..'.''! to him. ,Tho manner of' the questioning. .; is as follows : each person writes his or,;, her question on the; foolscap, numbers the ,. '..'.? page, and passes it pn Ho Baron Frapp. ?The Baron then calls out tho numbers by ;; turn,- and evokes the replies by means of i an alphabet — the spirit giving a rap to ?'? separate letter-which is required to form the answer; .:. That .'the spirit is indeed' :' that of Plutarch; and not that of any,un jprinoipled pretender, may bo gathered frotri the far-sighted.' and satisfactory : nature of the responses rapped out to ;; each query: Thus M.. de Sangbleu has '? asked, ''Shall I bb returned to the;' Asseinbly ?' arid the reply is, 'Yes, by a ';', large majority.'. Mdme. do Edsdda has!! inquired; ' WillM. db: Sangblbu marry, . my :'.-.' young cpiisin Bertha?' to which,' PlutarchJias replied,,' Yes, very shortly ;':-t and with pleasure.' -As to M. Pistache, '? ?his interrogation was, 'Did I see 'the, . skulls df- any of my family this morning, ???' and are they offended with me ?' and to this Plutarch has replied, ' You did see '.-' the skulls of you family.'but they freely1 ' forgive you.' ' .To say! that both ladies., and gentlemen ;are quite pale when ' they .Heave , i Baron; Frapp's house -.. ; would'- bo ! a .; colorless , term, for they/:, are all. wonder-stricken and even that, valorous young officer, M.de Muguet, is abashed. :-,' Each has, of course, kept his or herparticular question secret, but that only inakes the onus of it ? more . oppres sive.' There are some who may contend' ? that Baron Frapp had a secret trap under his foot through which, under cover of '[ the darkness, ho passed down the foolscap , to a confederate in a lower room,: who. took the trouble to , knock back the-, answer's in Plutarch's name. _ But the - Three Graces and their cavaliers would./ reject this explanations profane; and so- ? do'We.'-' '.??'? - ':-; ? . ??'? -;1-' ' ? ?'? ? '.???' ??'? ' ' 1 It'i-inot until several hours. later, after- '- a dinner at the Cafd Anglais and a few hours spent at the .Gaidie, seeing tho new' version of. Oftenbach's ' Orphee,' that the effects of Baron Frapp's magio . are ; finally dispelled. But they are not dis pelled in ihe;Case of M. Pistache, for, as ' ill-luck will have; it, one of the: scenes of. , 'OrpheV'-is laid'inthe lower world, so that this 'partie -do plasir' will bear:; evermore ih-M. Pistacho's brain the im- '? press of, the. diabolical. , ? , ! ?: 