Arrivl of the English and Colonial Mails. SUMMARY OF NEWS, EU OPEAN. Markets- London : Wool:-The first series of sales for the current year opened on the 17th February. The attendance of Home and French buyers being unusually large and competition brisk in the extreme, prices being fully equal to the ruling rates at the Novemb'r-Decembcr sales. Stocks both at home and abroad are reported as being low, so that the prospect for wool growers ismost encouraging. Mother o'Pearl Shells :-1I hhds, 7 bags Fremantle sold, thick wormy at £9 15s., and 51. cases of Sydney, good bold thick, at £13 15s. to £13 ,17s., wormy at £10 5s. and chicken at £15 12s. 6d. SHIPPIN.,. The Dqylight cleared from London on the 16th February, and left Gravesend on the 19th ; the Ivy. wwas still loading for Fre mantle. These, with the O.eida from Shields for King George's Sound with coals, are the only vessels reported for this .celony. SINGAPORE MARKETS AND SHIPPING. Under date the 5th March, Messrs. Spottis wood and Co.- report as follows : SANDALwoon ; our only inmport during the past month has been about 180 tons ex Hawk, the bulk of which was siall logs, and sold at 3-75 dols. per picul; for a sma'I lot of medium size 3-85 dols. was obtaii e4 and 51 dols. was paid for roots, which have been, and continue in eager request, a good demand also continues for logs, and last prices will doubtless be obtainable upon ar rival, for next supplies. HORSES :-are in request, and next ar rivals may expect to realize high prices. SHIPPrIN :-The brigantine Hawk reached this port on the 17th ult., and is chartered to load hence for Adelaide at 45s. for lanks, and 50s. for light cargo. The Elza Blanche fromFremantle passed Auger on the 9th ult. THE ELECTIONS. It was on Saturday the 6th January, that Mr. Gladstone in a speech to his con stituents announced that Parliament would be immediately dissolved, and on the follow ing Monday the for ral act of dissolution was decided upon at a Privy Council then held. There has been no sharper dissolu tion than the present since 1841. All par ties were taken by surprise and all alike un prepared, the Liberals if anything being taken at the greatest disadvantage. Mr. Gladstone's course of action was most pro. bably brought about by a feeling that the coun try was dissatisfied with the policy pursued by the Government and which he was desirous to test, by an appeal to the electors, and and there may have been some dissension in the Cabinet itself on questions relating to religious equality and National Education. Mr. Gladstone in his address to the Green wich electors, after referring to the past labors of his government said " the time as now arrived when the administration, able to anticipate and survey the principal parts and the genyal character of the work which awaits it, has been called on to consider whether it could reasonably undertake such work without a fresh access of strength, and to frame its advice to Her Majesty ac" cordingly. The question- whether Ministers ought-to retain, or to abandon, office should' be decided by a general election, with the opportunity which it affords for broad decla. tions of policy, and issues truly national, and cannot be satisfactorily solved by iso lated contests of which the issue is in a greater degree dependent on close discipline and finished and concentrated organisation " 'Now is the time' said Mr. (ladstone "for the nation to decide between a Liberal and Tory administration." The conclusion of Mr. Gladstones manifesto referred to the finau cial measures of the last five years in which he stated, " that notwithstanding the pur chase of the telegraphs for a sum exceeding nine millions the aggregate amount of the national debt had been reduced by more than twenty millions ; that 'taxes had been lowered or abolished (over and above any amount imposed) to the extent of £12,500,000 that during the present year the Alabama idemnity had been paid, and the charge of the Ashantco War would be met out of re venue-and the probable ba'ance will show a surplus of five millions." The boons Mr. Gladstone proposed to confer were relief coupled with reform of local taxation and the total repeal of the income tax. In answer to Mr. Gladstone's address tq the electors of Greenwich, Mr. Disraeli issued his to the electors of the county of Buckingham. Referring to the proposals of the premier, Mr. Disraeli, stated that the principal measures of relief pointed to are measures which the Conservative party had always favored and which the prime minister and his friends :had always opposed," Mr~ Disraeli promised to support all measures calculated to improve the condition of the people, but he did not think this great end is advanced by" incessant and harassing legislation." Speaking generally of the at ministration of the last five years, lie thought it would have been better if there had been "'a littl more energy in our foreign policy and a l1ttle less in our domestie legislation." THE NEW PARLIAMENT is now complete. Mr. Disraeli has a majority of 46 in the House of Commons and the sympathy of the bulk of the members of the House of Lords. Parliament is conservative to a great degree inknow since 1841, and un expectedly there is a strong infusion of new blood. Parliament will miss nearly 200 old faces. Conservative as the House is, it con tains at least two working men, though one of them (Mr. Macdonald) is a man of uni versity education, and both are probably far above the average of the House of Commons in literary knowledge. Not the least of the surprises is that the Home Rulers have been by no,means as triumphant as they! antici pated. They confidently talked about re turninm to Parliament ninety Home Rulers, but the return is so small that it cannot *hope to influence legislation. Mr. Gladstone, although safely returned for Greenwichi, did not come in at the head of the poll. A loc.l obscurity, as .a distiller, -.Mr. . Boord one of the late members and a conservative, .polled 6,193; and Mr. Gladstdne, 5,968 "otes. The other conservative candidate who was unsuccessful polled 5,568 ;.and ir- Batter Langley an advanced Liberal 5,255 votes. The licensed victuallers,- as a boly, enthusiastically supported the conser Tative.candidates. BURNING OF THE .PANTESINICON. The most destructive fie' which has occur red in London for some years took place in February last. The scene of the fire was an immense building in Belgravii. which covered an acre of ground, *and was called the Pantechnicosu. This warehouse was supposed to be fire proof anil was used by many of the wealthiest families for the safe storage of valuabl s. The building jit self was insured for £200,000 and it was packed,from ceil r to garret with articles, the aggrei te value of which it is wholly impossible to estimate with any degree of exactuess. At Dresent the damage is roughly estimated at a million sterling--but no money can re- place lost pictures, and works of art, and many household trea sures whichl have utterly perished in this fire. It is believed that the vast quantity of plate which was stored in iron rooms beneath the basement remains uninjured, but as yet it cauuot be reached. A con-. siderable quantity of wine has been saved, and a few of the carriages, " a mere hundred or so "-have been rescued from the flames. Sir Richard Wallace is a heavy loser. His loss comprises a very valuable library, a large quantity of plate, a collec .tion of ancient armour, and a few pictures, though none of any great importance, At ,one time it was rumoured that his pictures were worth £120,000. Sir Richard was insured for £2S,OUO, but hi. estimates the. value of his property deposited in tIhe Pantechnicon at, at least, five times that amount. Sir Garnet *Wolseley is a sufferer by the disaster but the amount of lis loss is loss. Lord Cadogan is a serious loser and but partially insurd. The offices of the proprietors are besieged by ladies and gentlemen who had their goo Is in the Pantechnicon and were anxious 't, know.their fate. In pny cases, the fact \vas admitted that tosa rethiehigh'er charges made upon articles of plate the depositors "had in cluded jewcls, silver and other valuables in crates containing ordina y furniture, and it was also found that as a rule the owners had omitted tp insure their goods. N.ot withstdting this, insurance offices will .be heavy losers by the file, among others the Law Fire Otfices for £JAo,650, this amount including a claim of £ 4,000, for acolle':tion of pictures belonging to Sir T. Sykes. BlIt the insurance offic s -are unable to tell their exact losses as every post brings thein de tails of policies unknown before. The Sun: Fire Office for instance at first estimated its loss at £60,000, but nearly every hour since notices has been received of new claims, and now the .estimate amounts up to £1.50,O00, .with a pr ,iability that it will be still further increased. For some'tiie to. come. probably for three weeks or a month, laborers will be emp~oyed in clearing away the rubbish, and when this is completed, an accurate estimate may be formed of the total loss. There can be no doubt that the. sal yage will be of very great value and that a large quantity of goods at present lidden amid the ruins will be recovered uninjured. "The ruins are twenty feet deep and cover neatly 2 acres. Some.. china, clocks and bronzes have already been recovered none the worse for ihe ordeal, also some delicate Venetian glass has been picked up quite un injured. The cause of the fires is unknown. DUKE OF EDINBUR(I'S MARRIAGE. The marriage ceremony of the Duke' .of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria took \--place on January 23rd, in the .presence .of a vast assemblage of guests in the Winter Palace ard tile variinus gal-' le;ies. The ladies were sumptuously at tii ed, the prevailing costumes, particularlyof Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, w th the exccp ticn of the American Diplomatist." After . assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equeries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court. Leading them came the Emperor and:Empress, the Prince and Princess Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Prince and Princess Imperial of Germany, and Prince Arthur. Thun came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The .bride was splendidly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle, -trimmed witu .ermine, and she word a diamonu- coronet. H, r train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Im perial family, priests, friends, princes, and .court officials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian lrince Imperial that of a Prussian .Co!onel. All were decorated with the Russian Ord -r of St. Andrew. ' he Princess of Wales was dressed in dark .crimson velvet, with diamond coronet and .collar, and pearl neckiace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favors. The pro-ession, upon roaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the mi!dle of the Church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegwcn stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. Tice wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altsr temporarily until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; The floor was coverid with velvet, crimson and gold cirpet; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the sevice. The crowns were held su-pended over the heads of the bridal pair. Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinlurgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Ed ward, art crowned for this handmaiden of -God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded the marricige at Cana of Gallilee was read. The crowns were re moved, and thlie married couple walked thrice around tihe raised dais, holding the tip of the coufessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At thlie conclu sion of this ceremony the sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor present ing the cross, which both kissed. After wards the choir sang " Glory to Thee. 0 Dord !' concluding with the benedic tion. This ended the Greek services. The pro cessio-t.en slowly formed, proceeling to the Hallof Alexandrafor the Anglican service. Dean Stanley of Westminister Abbey, offi ciated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of divi nity hat and grown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surpice with a jewelled collar of the Order of BIh around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English embassies were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them was Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister and Diplomatic officials many English officers in full costume, were also present. Especi ally notable was tihe venerable Prince Gortsblakoff, surronnded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian choirister lads. in long crimson dresses. When themarriage procession entered, the bride walked-between her father and the bridegroom, Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impresively pcr fdrmed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the book of Common Prayer. Thle delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost-bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially toiching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-nmarried couple. Several Roman dignitaries were present. The bride looned .earnest, sweet, fairfaced; the bridegroom grave and aelf possessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delica'e. The German Crown Prince looked healthy-the image of her mother Quee: Victoria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the GermanPrince andboth looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel the Empress of Russia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued. seemed over come and made a motion of holdidg a ha;nd kerchief to her. eyes when the married couple paluted her. The ceremon/ being concluded the crowd dispersed. Their was only a linmiu ted display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place and the general scene was one of splen. did festivity. The service formed an extra ordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and sp endour. After the marriage rites, there was a banquet at the Palace, and subseqnent'y a ball in the gorgeous hall. At the close of the tall the ridal couple were formerly marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor ant. officers of the Court. The festivitives were continued after the retiremnent of.the happy cou:e. tihe Emperor being present. 7 FAMItNE IN BENGAL. The • Government will have says the Spectatorto half feed from fifteen to twenty. millions of persons-the local cal.culation is twenty five millions-for the better part of twelve months, to supply rice for sowing, to see its opium revenue from Behar almost or totally lost, and to do this when throughout India th ire is scarcity of grain. The bare food of three miillions of households will cost £300,000 a month, even if we assume, what with pre sent prices is .nearly impossible, that the last part qf the crop can be replaced for 2s. a month per household ; the transport may cost any sum, and must cost as much; and the opium must sooner or later show a defi ciency of £3,000,000, after every allowance has been made for the increase of price con sequent on deeficient quantity. TWe say deliberately th.at if the accounts of the scarcity are true, and if we determine to save the people. we shall not emerge from this calamity without a loss of ten millions sterling, of half as mnuch as we spent on barely keeping alive the 'Irish population, not-:a thirl its numbers. In Orissa the expeiditure was only 7s 6d. a head, but then we lost haf t?ke population. We believe that the Supreme Government is at this moment feeling the presure of a faminein Benegal such :s ihas not occurred for a hundred years ; t!hat of a famine which, if neglected, will reach the proportions of the famine of Orissa, and kill right out a population equal to that of 'taly. They must die in heaps, these people; the only people who,'for a century of adventure, ha;e silently supported the British Government ; who'evee, now in their extremity, woald elect it by plebiscite to rule ;and wil,, wamnt ing'physical ceurage, are so dtiespised outside their own frontier, that in all other parts of India their sufferings wvill be regarded, ex cept by civilians, as the sufferings of r.tts. We cannot point the lonelin,'ss, the sep;irate ness, the inaccessibility of those scores of thousands of -ilages in the forest, where, under an Italian sun, a feebie people with bright brains, and women as timid as hares, and little copper- coloured children in sworms who can laugh .ike Eng ish children, will in March be hunting for berries and little fish to keep alive a few hours longer; or with the passive courage in which the Bengalee surpasses all mankind, sit silently awaiting death. They must spare ? Do any of our ,readers know what an Indian workman when the hour of misfortune falls on him does in the way 'of sparing? He reduces himse!f and his wife to one meal of rice a day-not enough, if hlie has a work to do, to keep him in health-then reduces the rice to rice water, thea routs the jungle for berries or bamboo tops, and th, n quietly dies, his child ren looki g on the while in full health and spirits, for it is only in extremity that the scarcity is allowed to fall on them. The k-ind of peasant who will die is the 'l'usc n of Asia, who will york through the year from 3 a.m. to 3 p.mn.-the European the while cursing him for laziness, becarise he takes his ease just when the white inan is abroad -who will pay his contribution to the State, athird ofl his profits, without a murmur; and if'he hears of mutiny, will si!ently with drew every boat by which the sepoy can travel, quietly hide every kind of food he desires, mislead him as to every fact he wants to'know, and if he gels, a chanc-, bind him, with a grim sort of humour in his heart, to a bamboo, and carry him like a fresh caught fish for the magistrate to judge. He will not fight, it is true, but in the Mutiny he chose his side, and neither torture nor threats, nor passionate appeals altered for a second the passive, intelligent res;st ance which, as in the outbreak of the Chitta gong garrison, made escape so impossible. In a hundred years there has never in Ben gal been a riot directed against the State, or a strike in which the people were not, by the admission of the white Government, mainly in the right. And these men are to perish till, as we dread, half the result of a century of peace such as the Indian world has never before known is to pass away; the grand Census, the greatest testimony to English capacity for rule ever published to the world, is to be falsified; and the jungle, which will eat a deserted village in a year, is to reioice in one moretriumrh over man. INTEROLONIAL. MARKETS.-ADELAIDE.--?IOr. During the month business has been dulland prices have had a tendency to decline. Town brands may be quoted .t £13 10s. to £15 5s. SHIPPINo.-T''here is no vessel laid on for this colony fom Adelaide. The schooner Victoria, belonging to Crouch Bros., arid the Prince Victor, chartered to:load timber at the Vasse cleared from Melbourne. VICTORIA. Parliament was dissolved on the 9th March and the countryis now occupied with the general elections. Actions for libel against newspapers have been a conspicuous featnre in the month's history. The pro prietore of the Australasian was sued by a Mr. Walker for having commented on the way in which Mr. Walker's horse, the Marquis of Lorne, was ridden at a steeple chase. The jockey was accused of having "pulled" the hIorse for the purpose of losing the race. The Stewards after investigating the case disqualified horse owner, and ridder for ever, and this decision was subsequently confirmed, by the Victorian Jockey Club. Neverthtelesa M.r. YWalker obtained a verdict, wvith £300 damages. An action was also brought by Mr. G. R. Ireland, an actor, against the proprietor of the Licensed TVictualiers' Gazette, for certain comments made in that journal upon his dressing and acting of the character of Me phistopheles, in a piece called FAusT, the critic having stated in his remarks that he considered Mr. Ireland dressed the part shabbily and played it without spirit, and further that Mr. ireland was i careless and slbvenly actor. The defence was that Mr. Ireland by playing had invited criticism. The jury however thought otherwise, and gavea verdict for the plantiff with £100 damages. The, -the proprietors of the Town andCountsry were sued by Mr. WV. II. Treen, for libel, in describing Mim as a plagiarist, and a stesler of the writings of other peo, le. Mr. Treen was at one time the agricultural editorof the paper. Whilst so employed he printed in July, 1873, in the To"lw and Countrg, two articles that he had written, and which had appeared, in the IWeely Timnes newspaper of a year previously. Hie said he did so with the knowledge and sanction of the editor in chief of the paper. Hie remained in the employment of the journal for some months afterwards. when he was suddenly dismissed, the reason as. signed in the columns of the newspaper being that he was a plagiarist. He then brought the action. The defence was that 1r. Treen did plagiarise, and the fact that he had written the articles himself did not affect the case. St was alsodenied that the editor had sanctioned his conduct, The jury gave a verdict for the plantiff, damages £350. NEW SOUTH WALES. The Council has rendered a service by passing thle English law relating to limited liability companies. It rejected the third reading of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill by a majority of niuce to five. Notice his, however, been given to restore it to tile paper, the opponements of the measure having neglected to have the order dis charged after the third readiug had been negatived. The loan estimates have all beens assed, ninc.uding a sum of £75,000 for a new lunatic asylum The Assembly nega tived a motion for payment of members. A bill has been introdtluceld by a private mem ber for amalgamating the two branches of the legal profession, but the Assembly was counted 'ut during its discussion. The new South Wales Government has arranged with Queensland and New Zealand to get a cable laid from Singapore to the Queensland coast, and will ask Parliament to sanction it before the session closes. SoUTH AUSTRALIA. Parliament is to meet on April 30. A series of tables giving information respect ing the Real Property Act has been issued. These have been 'velcomed as especially op portune at the present time, when, as it is popularly supposed, the legal profession are mustering their forces with a view of run ning a violent and final tilt at the act. It appears that prior to July 1, IS5iS, the date oa which Mr., now Sir R. R. Tarrens se cured thle passing of the enactment, thern had been alienated from the Crown .1,836,776 heres. From this time forward, however, till the close of 1872 the catse stood thus : Acres. Land alienated from the Crown . ... 4,.317,101 1'ew land brought under the act ... ... 2,40,325 Old titles surrendered ... ... .. 765,039 Still under old syistem ....... ... 1,071,687 These returns indicate that the act has take-n firm root in the province, and there is further evidence of its popularity to be found in the fact that of the amounts now received on mortgage of land, four-fifths of the estates are under the Real Property Act. 'The "boardingout'' system is succeeding admirably. Out of 43 children placed out during the last half year no fewer than 36 were taken for adoption who cease to be a charge to the country. Under this system the numb.r of children now adoptid in Southl Australia is 124, agaitst 55 boarded out under subsidy, the maximum payment being 5s. per week. This is to he attribtuted in a great degree to the valuable assistance rendered to the officers of thie in dqstrial scho 1s by the " Boarding-out Society," who find comfortable homes bor the children, and keep a watchful eye over th.m. li TFebruary, thie blacks attacked the Barrw's Creek tel-graph station, 1,200 miles from Adelaide, whdle all the hlanlds were outside the enclosure. Whlde trying to.got in, thl natives speared Mr. Stapletun, tiihe station-nstster, who subsequently died from tlhe injurims hlie receivdd. A man named Frank was also killed. Re ief htas bee, sent to this station, ati the Governmeut are increasing thle protection at others. Warrants hasve been issued for thie appre hension of ssx blacks concerned in the out rage, and a party of troo.ers has been des patched in search of them. QUEzNSLAnoD. Concernipg the Palner diggings, much more favorableintelligence thau that received a few weeks oaek has reach d Melbourie. Ot February 27 an official t legratn from Cook Town stated the arrivals from the Palmer dlgginos were numerous, and tllat numbers of menlt were dying from starvation and exhaustion along thie road. Several were rettuced to eating horses which had been two d:aysdead. Matters on the dig gings were but little better. All work on and communication with the Palmer was stopped by the flods. The last of thie flour was selling for 3s. 6d. per pint, and there was no meat in any form. A telegram from Rockhampton on MIonday last, dated tile Sprevious day, gives much more favorable in formation. Provisions are still cc.rco, n?nt no flour or butchers in.at is obtainable, but large quentites of provisions are being for wwarded to the dtggings by packhcrses. No futlter accounts are given of privation and suflering, while the news as to thie golld workings is highly encouraging. Tile reefs discovered are said to be equal in.richllness to those of Gytupie. Eighteen pounds of quartz exhibited at thie Joint-.stock Bantk are estimated to yield 60,z. to tile ton. The total receipts from the Palmer since tihe establishment of the township amsuut to 20,000oz. of gold. 