LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH, GRAFTON. (From the Clarence and Richmond Examiner, June ia.) On Wednesday last, the first stone of the Cathedral Church, Grafton, was laid by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The Diocesan Synod being in session at the time, nearly all the clergy and many of the influential laity were enabled to be present. The day being the Festival of S. John Baptist was begun by a celebration of the Holy Communion at eight a.m. At eleven a.m. morning prayer was said in the old Church building, and a sermon preached by the Eev. C. Gerard Bobinaon, M.A., curate of Walcha. At 2.30 p.m. the Bishop and clergy, with the lay members of the Synod, the Churchwardens, the Parochial Council, aud the architect of the Cathedral, assembled at the parsonage, and there signed a docu- ment," neatly engrossed upon parchment, setting forth the date and occasion of the ceremony. This done they were conducted by the architect, Mr. J. Horbury Hunt, to the site, on which was assembled a" goodly number of members of the Church and others, around a railing erected far the occasion, the children being considerately placid in front. , A display of flags suspended from tbe trees added much to the brightness of the scene. The procession having entered the enclosure, the Bishop said the office appointed, commencing with the short Preces and the reciting of the Kicene Creed. The Psalm, " t xcept the Lord build the House," was chanted m the 8th Gregorian Tone, the Bev. C. Gerard Robinson playing the harmonium. The lesson 1 Corinthians, 111., 9-li, was read by the Rev. Josiab Spencer, after which the document that had been signed at the par- sonage was further signed by members of the church present, read by the Bishop, placed in a leaden case, and deposited in a cavity in the concrete. The mortar having been spread by the Bishop, the stone was lowered and placed in its position by the archi- tect, assisted by the Bev. C. C. Greenway, curate of Bundarra. Some time was occupied in the bring- ing of the stone to a perfect level in its bed, the Bishop using the hammer with great skill and force. Genuine tools were used, being those which were made from Mr. Hunt's design for the like occasion at Armidale last year. The hammer is of steel, beautifully engraved with suitable Ecclesiastical symbols, the handle being of myall wood and ivory. The trowel is also of steel, richly arabesqued, and handled with the same materials as the hammer. The plumb level was also made of myall, carved with.symbolic devices, the bob being of Kew England tin. The stone being well and truly laid, the Bishop solemnly said the words :-" In the Faith of Jesus Christ we place this atone in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost-Amen. Here may the true faith ever abide, and brotherly love continue, and may prayer and £ "raise be offered continually in the name of our ord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth and reigneth with tha Father and the Iloly Ghost, one God, world with- out end. - Amen." Then the hymn, " Deeply laid a sure foundation," was sung, followed by the Psalm, " I was glad when they said unto me." The Office being ended, the Bishop addressed the assembly. All present were then invited to lay their offerings upon the stone. When all had offered, the sum was counted and found to be JE191 17s. od., including a cheque for £b0, by a staunch friend of the Church ; arid of the special offering from the children of £25 to wards a Font. The' workmen employed on the occcnsion were afterwards hospitably entertained at the parsonage, and the Bishop addressed a few kindly words to them there. 