English Mail HOME MISSIONS. ' The Movement fob Special Prayer. — Much is heard on every side of the remarkable efforts made in England for evangelising the; masses. The assemblage of clergy in St. Paul's may be regarded as a sign of the times. It was no ordinary circumstance that the three bishops whose dioceses include portions of the great metropolis: should Have addressed the clergy on the subject, and manifested arr earnest desire in every way to promote the movement. To refer to one or two examples of what is going on,, we observe that a circular was issued by a committee of ministers of all denominations in Swansea, headed by the VicaiV Rev. E. B. Squire, appointing the first week in February as a season of united prayer ; service to be held in the Music Hall each evening. The invitation is based on — First, The pressing need there is for a revival of true religion. Secondly, the encouragement we have to expect the blessings we so greatly need, derived alike from the promises of God and the tidings reaching us from all parts of the country, of revived earnestness and ' prayer in the churches, and of most cheering manifestations of , the saving grace of the Holy Ghost, notably hi London, Newcastle,: Edinburgh, besides other parts of both England and Scotland. L The, mention of this example may suggest similar efforts elsewhere. There was a large attendance at the Onslow Hall, Brompton, when Sir F. Outram, Bart., gave an account of the remarkable revival of religion now going on in Edinburgh. On the invitation of the Eev. C. D. Marston, who presided, Sir Francis gave a general summary of what he witnessed at the vai'ious meetings in Edinburgh, which, he said, were unusually large and solemnizing. The unity of the Spirit seemed to pervade, as every denomination of the clergy took a part. The Religious Movement in Edinburgh. — The following par ticulars are taken from an article in the Daily Review, understood to be from the pen of Professor Blaikie : — ' During the past week the number of meetings held by Messrs. Moody and Sankey has been larger than ever, the attendance more numerous, the interest more lively, and the impression more remarkable. The daily ' prayer meeting in the Free Assembly Hall had been uniformly crowded. The requests for prayer have been so numerous, that the reading of them in full would have occupied the whole hour, and it has been found necessary to tabulate them, and read them out in groups, thus : — Twelve brothers request prayer for the conver sion of sisters, fourteen sisters for brothers, nine children for parents, and so on. It is touching to hear many requests made for persons who have fallen under the influence of strong . drink, and whose fetters are so frightfully strong that no hand but God's can avail to break them. The requests for prayer are diversified by requests for special thanksgiving — sometimes, perhaps, expressed in language that strikes one as too confident, but the very expression of that confidence indicating such a belief in the presence of a Divine power, that the ordinary ; caution which is so characteristic of our countrymen is laid aside. At one of the daily prayer- meetings a well-known and conspicuous citizen, bearing a name honoured in the history of evangelism, asked the meeting to give thanks with ' him on. behalf of one of his sons, brought under the power of the truth on the previous Sunday night — one for whom many prayers had been offered, but about whom his family had begun almost to despair. The emotion of the father was .very powerful, and the vast- assemblage, while joining in his thanksgiving, acquired fresh hope and ? confidence for similar cases not yet disposed of. ? In.: many cases the work of conversion seems to go through whole ? families. That peculiar joyfulness and expectation which marks young converts is often the means of leading others to the fountain, and two, three, four, and even more members of the same family share the blessing. There have been some very remarkable conversions of \- ' ? sceptics. Dr. Andrew Thomson told of one who, having been . - ' awakened on the previous week, had gone for the first time to | , church on the previous Sunday. . He had hardly been in a place of i worship for years, and a week before he would have scouted the idea-. ' He was so happy in the morning that he returned in the afternoon. The blessing seemed to come down upon him. We have heard of the case of another sceptic who had carried his unbelief to the verge of blasphemy, and who has now come to the foot of the cross. The number of interesting cases is quite too large to be specified. It would be equally difficult to enumerate the ministers who have taken a prominent and most hearty interest in the movement. The utter absence of jealousy, the cordial co-operation of the clergy of all der nominations in the work, has been extremely striking. They have gained in no ordinary measure the esteem of the laity for their cordi ality, seeming to think nothing of the fact that strangers from another country have been the instruments, all other feeling being ap parently swallowed tip in thankfulness for the blessing that has come. At the same time there is a very general feeling that the wonderful work now going on is in a large degree due to the faithful labours and earnest prayers of the clergy and Christian people of Edinburgh, although the peculiar gifts of strangers have been specially blessed to bring so many to earnest decision. The following extract from the private letter of an English clergyman ministering in one of the Scotch Episcopalian Churches in Edinburgh, is worthy of notice : — ' I went last night to Mr. Moody's service, which was held in the Corn Exchange, in the Grass Market. I went with the inspector in command of the police in the district, and he said there were 6500 people, all men, present. The address, which was on the love of God manifested in the gift of his Son, was very earnest and precious ; and who could not give thanks that this blessed message was delivered to that vast, multitude 1 There were things in the speaker's manner and pronunciation that I did not admire, but after all these were small defects. Whence all the people came from I can't tell, for our own church (which is close to the Grass Market) was also full to overflowing, so that a crowd had to stand at the door through the sermon.' Concerning these Edinburgh meetings the Daily Review says : — ' When it had become the fashion with a portion of the press to speak of religion as ' dogma,' as a thing which had no longer a hold on men, and of ministers of the' Gospel as fierce sectarians with nothing in common but hatred, the spectacle is presented of thousands of people assembling themselves day after day and night after night, in many cases solely to offer prayer and praise, and with the addition in other cases of declara tions of the message of the Gospel, couched in the simplest possible language. Representative clergymen and laymen from all the Evangelical denominations might be seen any day engaged side by side in helping on the great work which they all had at heart. Not the smallest shade of denominational or sectarian feeling has been visible throughout the movement, and it has been demonstrated to the world that, however important may be their sectional differences, the most earnest men in all the Churches of Scotland have one com mon and fundamental ground upon which they can co-operate with heart and soul in the spirit of the kindest brotherhood, to wit, the breaking up of spiritual slothfulness, seeking the revival of the spiritually dead, the holding forth of the invitation, promises, and warnings of the Gospel of mankind, and the guiding of those whose hearts have been touched to the source of all rest.' The Feench Press on the Proposed London Mission.— The approach of the festival of Christmas has brought back a usage which has been for some little time established in the English1 Ohu'rch; and has had the greatest success — I refer to the Mission, or the series of religious revival services, organised in most of the great churches of the capital. The Times, with very bad taste, ridicules this mis placed enthusiasm as it calls it. But it- is none the less true that churches are full and conversions numerous. Formerly the cry would have been 'Methodism,' and a hundred years ago, only in Wesleyan chapels would it have been possible to find attentive audiences crowding around a preacher. All is now changed. Three of the Bishops— those of London, Winchester, and Rochester — have taken part in the preliminary conferences, and have invoked the blessing of God upon the energetic and devoted men who are to carry on the work of the mission. It is enough to say that the Lorn Church party favour the movement as much as the extreme . Anglicans, because there are souls to gain to the Gospel and appeals to make to the con science. The writer in the Times only sees in the Established Church a useful institution, recommended by its ancient services, and having a decided character of respectability, and he wishes that the church should not compromise herself as the apostles did at the first Pente cost. But what is most amusing is that he goes so far as to quote the testimony of Bishop Lavington against the Methodists. He was very unhappy in choosing a Prelate whose coarse jokes attacked Chris tianity itself, quite as much as Wesley. Let us never forget that the object is to cut to the quick the monstrous sore of our epoch, formalism, indifference, irreligion. With an object such as this in view, why dispute about the means, and why ask the clergy to be contented with ordinary measures 1 — Le Christianisme au XIX. Siecle. 