TOPICS OF THE DAY On Wednesday His Excellency the Governor held a Council, at which all the Ministers warn present. We have not received the efficial report of On last laAj ASoe <_—_b_ ttb* ere In fsriaWad that tte reeebwffl be ebr_ Moss, ef gold from _• toea otateue. Very tavaoraMe news has bean received ferns tts Aban aad BabMtva ie_ ia tte. Waakaringa Dbtrist Che a_s Jaaeneve aa thay go deem, sad fbn ovary Inslmrlss ef panmaaaoe aaa ijilibibs The new manager of tha Kangaroo Goal Beef baa comsaaaoed work witt few aaawv aad reports an Improswmanl In driving aeutt; en tte leader. Thb b the part of tta miae amenta the heat atone waa baton obtained. A Galle telegram haa been received by I tte <g—ornment stating that-the Kahia left for flfcgiUeorgeh Soned — tin np?>r?et day, U* laataal, at fa-., and the BarooVwntved on ttetellow^msil_tt.,en£eeybafen_te. Tbe rainfall between 9 even, on Tues day and the same fa—rr ee WeaanadmT, M*Vy 13, b regbtered aa follows •— Mebose ... 0-0? I MeQsatte Plat S-040 Mermeuvilb ... 0-0051 Bobe Town .„ 49120 We sue indebted to theoourtesy of Mr. To—forthefoOowiagcopy of a *-■—~ te ceivsd try him bat night:—«• Arrived, Maty Great, brig, Tannamtiw, cargo ef timber : ao liasengj ii. Eneo—ter-ad a oydoae 25th April, and bad to throw part ef saiga ovmbeanli'- The following items of newsfran the Bber Murray districts have seen frrtmntorl bom bantams kttem>-___, May 11— "The river hereb not rising fast, but ee ate having nice raba." Mwa na fftatiwi. lbw 11 "We had a little over ea Inch of rata last week, whbh waa badly washed la ttb bome o_to__hborhood.'' We understand that the title of the i^ztt Minister, to be appointed In nmfianiilj sritt tta Coaatifcatbn iiamfliiiisil ietnf'itrt ass?hrn wffl be "Miabter tar the Itattam Tan-ritory," tte preaent Oovemment, we p-e -nooa, fiadiUK by experiaaoe, ttat eur tiwanri Oependanoj wffl provide snfficbnt work for e BsnsmsS'a?mlstenSal Dapastm?aA Pnofesaor Bash gave one of his popular and amnsing entertainmenta at tte Leetan Bill, Oeaelg, on Taesday evening, May 12, to a fcfr honse. A lecture waa given on "MeanMiriam." after which, fay thePrafmaor's demra, neraons maiding in tte district ~"" npon the stage for tte |iiii|iiwn ef trytog the powers ef tte operator, who waa vsiyHa*__. The wonderful feata of the itehbete drew forth greet applause, snguthia witt hunts of ls?glrtw. The pasfenaaae eame to a eosidn afam at a wsannaWe hour, every one etmiiiliii. sreH pleesed* The following is Wednesday morning's ■Bather report oa tte Adalaaae aad Part Darwin trisgnch Una:—Beltsaa, ealm. ever oast, coal; B—man. W„ dn?; Ptu?M?aja Sittings, SJfc. light, obedy; j|o?he. mfan, _T; Phadotte Waters, calm, dear; Alice Springs, calm, fine, dear, cold; Barrow Creek, V.S.E., light, fine, clear, cold; Tennant Creek, BJE., strong, fine, dear, cool; Powell Cmek, 8., strong, fine, cold, dear; Ddy Waters, S.E.. very light, fine, dear; Katharine, E., dear, fine, cool; Tarn Creek, ait. light, dear, fine; Port Darwin, N.E,, fine, dear, warn; South port, 8.5.K., Kgbt, fine, dear, warm ; Pine Greek, K., light, clear, cod. Servicea in connection with the Glenelg Wedeyan Churafa aanltrenaty wen held on Sunday and Tuesday test. On Bunday Rev. J. Mtekurd preached in the mot-mug, and the Bev. G. W.P«tchell, it A., in the evening. OnTues ? *___* there was a crowded tea meeting, and afterwards a very successful public meeting. nWjr presided over by Mr. Thomas Johnson. The report read by tte Treasurer. Mr. W. T. Waterhouse, showed ttat the financial position was vary satisfactory. Suitable addresses were delivered by the Beva. 3. Bickford aad G. W. Patehdl. and by Messrs. J. Uoyd aad J. D. Hill. The pecnniary results of tte anniversary are extremdy encouraging. The usud votes ef thanks terminated a very interesting mee ing. Laat Sunday evening the lightning waa vary severe at Wellington. It atruck tte large eatiDney stack over the Oourt-House, esattering It In all directions, sending bricks, stones, and dust dowa tte flue into tte Court-House, to tte great danger of Trooper Dean and two or three inhabitants who had taken shelter there from the storm. It then entered tte Telegraph Office, completely -""•■ril-g tte bstterr and Bodtering it te various direcfions, and broke the conductor in two places. Mr. Wm. Carter, Who was standing in tte doorway, waa very much shaken, but happily without any aniens oonsequencsa. It afterwards broke np tte regulation board belonging to the ferry over the river, aplitting severd posts end targe willow trees. " Richelieu" was again repeated at the Bo—d on Wednesday evening to a fair house. Mb Pdioluugh's defmestiou of tte character waa ttnnghoat an admirable r-s *?* ??*«.■«._ and from hb entrance to the find scene he suc ceeded te completely rivetting tte attention ef Ids audience, witt a few exceptions. Con siderable annoyance waa caused, both in tte Bta?aanieaeof the bona, by persons talking doud during aome d tte fined paa??oea. Me. Psfadough was called before the curtain, aad rewarded with hearty applause from ell parts ef tte house. Miss Bownng as June, and Mr. Carey aa De Hanprat, also diared in the liberd approbation which waa bestowed. To-night "Hamlet" will be pUyed, Mr. Fairdoegh assuming the chief character. fiOss Bowling acting as the Queen, Mr. Carey appealing as tte Ghost, ana Miss Anstead imperaonathur Ophelia. .-*_-_—_, With reference to letters that have ap peared In our eolumna, complaining of the insufficient postal accommodation at denelg we understand ttat tte authorities are In com munication with tte Glenelg BaQway Company aa to -making aome alterations In their time table, in order to enable maffls to be delivered aad received at more convenient hours than at present. The Government propose ttat one train ehould leave Adelaide at 11 Instead ot 10.30, aa at preaent, and ttat tte 12 30 train from Gtendg should be ehaaged to L3O. These alterations would give Glenelg residents more than tee dear hours to read and answer lettera from tte northern or other oountiy district.-. Under the preaent railway arrangements the Pbst^M?ce cannot manage their dettvery so aa to ent_3 persons Bring at the Bay to reply to tetters from tte oountry on the day on which ttey receive them. A united communion service in con nection with tte South Australian Evan gelical Al9aaee was held at the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street, on Wed nesday evening. Hay 13. The Bev. Jaa, Hen deraon, Praadeat of the Allbaae, occupied the chair; and on tte pbtfann besides, ttere were the Beva. O. Unley and O. W. StoekdaJe (Methodist New Connexion), W. P. Welb and G. W. PateheH (Wedeyan), 3. L. Parsons (Baptist), J. Jefferb, O. B. Byrnes, John Uoyd, and J. McSwin, Secrstery (Cooeraga tbaial). There was abo ahita ai'miiUiiim of other friends who took part in tte ceremony, which waa very interesting and impressive. The President delivered an address on "The ccmmnninstivenature ot the Lortft Supper;" aad after the service tte Rev. O. B. Byrnes apoke .efltas bdng a meeting witt Christ, and an expression of friendship towards him. The Beva. G. W. Patefaeli, J. L. Parsons, and O. Lidey alao offered prayer. A rifle match between ten riflemen of Melbourne and an equal number of Adelaide win take place on Saturday, May 23. Bach party will Are on tteb own ground. Govern ment rifls? will be used. The distances arranged are 200, 400, 500, and 600 yards; seven shots at each distance. The empires are —Uenh W. F. Gray, en behalf of Melbourne, and Captain H. H. Lepbatrbr for *■?■?!._&>, The fallowing are tte Metbourne team, in dudingtwo emergency men:—Major TryttaD, Captain War-SB, <bptein King, Mean, tacey, Ohrbtbpheraen, Davis, MeHutehbon, WhaHey, KeDow, Manh. Umeroek, and Walton. Ade laide team:—Captain 3. C Ferguson. Captain .B. 3. Bcott, Messrs. a & Boebto, W. Bsksr. Geo. Hicks, M. J. Leonard, "Jss. Mo—om, L. G. Medley, O. Schunke, and B. Weidenfaaeh, Braergeney men—Messrs. Bternes aad Howe. Amongat our team are oome well-known abate, iw iL fa__^ rf ,£?._2:""' *-**** inr bbb naner ec Care mati-ii \- On Wedneeday afternoon an interest lag windlin_ match came off in Aa__y. aA' tto Shooting Gallery, Hfaidby-ateeet, teaae— a ft—™ from Hew **Vrrlnnd. aad a Cun_erland man who b a professor of the art. and b aaad to have been victor in about 40 eontoate. The amateur b a tall dean buflt maa, very powerful in tte chest a—l arms, if anything slightly deficient about the hips, and w-eight eomewhat over 12 atone Hb opponent b shorter, from a stone to a atone end a half heavier, and well put together, bnt not in good training «->*""••. The event was for so much a dde, and ttere was aome liberd bd I lag on tte result, the Mew Zealander bring tte favorite. He had a longer teach and better wind than hb opponent, who puffed ead blew considerably at times. The first tell tte Cumberland man won by and abate bringing hb weight to beer; but ttb wm hb bat trfamph, the amateur, by hb e^binwna. fndtrment, strength, and end—ance, aeaDdng four falb in saooea?ten, when he sraa dedared Mm benqaaror. There waa a large end anted guttering, a number of well-known and respectable dusees being present, and tte eAafrwaaeondnsted in a moat unexceptionable manner under tte superintendence of Mr. Qarsteba A dilute as to one tell was dedaled hi favor of tbe amateur. Oonnobseum who were preaent dndared ttat ttere had been no dbpby ef wresttng erieuae in Adelaide to esaapeie with thb exhibition for tte lad 20 years. 