AMUSEMENTS. - The Opeba.— -?? Semirmide,' usually saidte be BoBslni's ' most serious opera,' whatever flat may moan, was represented last night at the Victoria, in a stylo of splendour that reflected great credit -on the management. The overture -was brilliantly played by the orchestra, the repetitions of tae'several strains oeing crisply laten up by mo various instruments in suc cession, the soft breathing of the boms and the - pizzicato passage for the contra basso being speeially pleasant to the ear. If the paradox be allowed, the composer may be said to have plunged into the middle of his subject at the beginning of ft ; for after & few bars he has given to the horns the dominant melody of the opera. The music of course was wholly under ? the able directorship of Signor Zelxnan, whose baton guides the skilful and trained musicians over whom lis- presides. On the whole the singing was good, but there was a great lack of earnestness in the acting, especially in the scene in which the ghost of Ninms appears, with ' face well floured, and clad in the time-honoured and orthodox muslik robes which all respectable ghosts wear, -or, at least, ought to -wear. The only persons amid the throng on the stage, at the tune of th* ghosts appearance that manifested any natural aetion were Assur and Somirainide, and they were for to* tame for such a visitation. Boldasari, a most melo dious ghost, san? what he had to sing in excel lent Italian, an anachronism, by the way,. which the audience considered very sublime, simply because they did not understand a word of it. This, however, is one of the wonders of stage spiritualism, to wit, that ghosts, and the living that are to be ghosts here after, are supposed to sing in a language several thousands ' of years before that lan guage was either spoken or written. Now,- we wish that some of these lyric heroes and heroines who saw the ghost of Kinus last night, and looked so coolly at the venerable spectre, were to meet a real ghost, one of those formless shadows that haunt dilapidated mon asteries and ruined castles, or who, at the- witohing hour of night, re-visit the glimpses of the- moon, just that they might take_ a lesson in stage business from bis ghoEtship, and be in a position ever afterwards to receive and look at a ghost, either on tbe stage or off it, as a ghost ought) to bo received and looked at. Setting this matter aside, however, the rest of the opera was exceedingly, well represented. This was specially the. case with the song of the Queen in the second act, or as it might be termed, the speech from tbe throne, and also with the lovely and voluptuous piece of concerted music that follows it. Tlje best number in tbe pro gramme was the golden number of a very fair bouse, consisting of people who very warmly expressed their approval of both the singers and the ?per*». Bellini'a. 'Sonnambula' will be performed to-night ' The Queens Theathk.— The Arabian -Box trick was again performed at the Queens Theatre, last . night, with great success, in the presence or- a very large audience. Of all the performances that ever mystified ?he people of Sydney, this one seems the ; most complete. It is wholly inconceivable how Mdlle. Zelinda manages, in tbe space of two minutes or there abouts, to get into the box, wbiohhas been carefully covered with canvas and bound. with ropes, .under the critical and careful scrutiny from several persons from among the audience, and furthermore to be found tied up in a sack. That the young lady does get into Jtie box is perfectly .dear— there is no haUaoination about it— but the marvel is how she accomplishes the feat. Those who are gifted with tne faculty of mechanical ingenuity may find .a fitting opportunity for the exercise of it in. endeavouring t» . unravel the Arabian box mystery. In addition to this very attractive portion of the entertainment, the songs, dances, &c;, are very amusing, and a very pleasant hour or two may be spent in listening to them. Bickards, of course, is the paramount attraction. Oa Friday prizes are to be awarded to the two best amateur eingers among those who may complete. * ? Notwithstanding the counter-Attractions at tbe theatre, School of Arts, and elsewhere, Spencer's place jf amusement in Pitt-street holds its own in a modest and unassuming manner, and is as favourite a resort as ever. Amusement and instruction is there combined id a very attractive manner, and the excellency of the exhibits with which the museum is crowded, coupled . with the fact that they are nearly all mode by that mechanical genius, Mr. Spencer, is guarantee of a con tinuation of the success of ibe-museum. The concert hall upstate is nightly crowded by delighted audiences, who are amused for a couple of hours' by Mr. Spencer's talented family, assisted in their versatile performances. . by very good scenery and a capital orchestra. 