THE THEATRE ROYAL. Mb. Fairclocgh as Lea.b. On Saturday nirjht 'King Lear' was playel at the theatre to a fair house, the dress circle espe cially being better filled than ordinarily. Raroly of late years, on the colonial stage particularly. lias tnis grand and poeus old tragedy been pro duced, and considering the guise in which it U now pressnted we must say the seldomer the better. We do not in thu instance refer to the performers— for the leading parts at least were admirably impersonated— but to the text and action of the drama itself. It is to bo hoped sincerely that 'Sweet Will's' own line has applied to himself, and that ' After life'3 fitful fever he sloeps well,' for if there be any truth in the theories of Messrs. Home and Foster's disciples, that disem bodied spirits still move in humin circles, w^lk the scenes of their earthly labours, and ttke au interest in mundane affairs, what an unquiet ghost mu.«t be that of the unfortunate poet, for ha sees daily the brightest conceptions of his genius hacked, hashed, and trausformel through tke weak interpolations with which Tate, Cibber, Dryden, and others, who ' With their darkness durst affront his light,' have marred his work. 'King Lear' has un fortunately been honoured with a more than ordinary amount of attention in this respect, and Mr. Tate has been highly successful in ruining the romance, effectually destroying tho wit, and bedimming tho author's meaning. An attempt is made to copy the language of tho master, with a success highly suggestive of prophet Joe Smith's plagiarisms of scriptural forms of speech in his Mormon Bible. As where he commences — ' And it came to pass in these days,' so far good, " that they all got on a spree.' The latter part of the text is Joe's own original idea, and in it the man's inherent ribaldry comes out naturally and unconsciously. So the interpolated passages in the play under review are Shak spearian in tha manner, but in the matter as uulike as daylight to dark. The situations too arc altered as well as the text, and the plot even remodelled. Cordelia does not marry the King of France, but loves and is beloved of Edgar; whilst an extra motive is sought for Edmund's villainy by making him a rival suitor for her hand. The character of Oswald is represented simply as that of a buffoon. Worse sacrilege still, tho personage in the original play who ranks next in importance to the King— the profund, the witty, the sarcastic but true-hearted fool, the prince of Shaksperian jesters— on whom depends all the wit and many of the most telling passages in the piece, is entirely retrenched. Then the dialogue is so altered and transformed that it is impossible for any one to follow it, and say whether the actors adhere to tho text or not. Indeed, were but the name of the drama and characters changed it would be no more like 'King Lear' than are the one-half of modern pieces to each other— that is to say, a mere family resemblance. We noted an alteration in tha mode of performing the play from what we have before witnessed, namely, that probability and pathos are maintained by alluring the poor, wronged, and wretched King to die poetically, as the author intended him to do, on the bosom of his murdered daughter, instead of restoring him to crown and sceptre, which could be to him but as baubles, and to a majesty which would be an insup portable burden. Of King Lear as rendered on Saturday night we cannot speak in terms of unqualified commendation; nevertheless we are bound to say that the audience seemed perfectly satisfied, bestowing much applause throughout, and at the termination calling Messrs. Fair alough, Carey, Holloway, and Miss Bowring before the curtain. Mr. Fairclough's Lear, though not one of his best interpretations of Shakspearian character, is yet a highly artistic performance, and considering the mutilated con dition of the text, perhaps as good as should be expected. Some scenes were espacially telling, and the passion and agony of mind of the ill-used father admirably portrayed, bat in the earlier portions an excess of vigour and Yehemonce was perceptible for an old man of eighty odd yean. The most effective portion of the play was the tempest scene, commencing with the grand apostrophe to the wild elements, ' Blow winds and crack your cheeks.' In the mad scenes, too, he quite carried the sympathies of the audience by storm by the infinite pathos with which he presented the poor imbecile King. In the recovery scene the varying play of feature was admirable, and the assump tion of childish weakness most touching and natural. Cordelia in the hands of Miss Bo wring was an enjoyable impersonation. The innate nobility and truthfulness of the heroine were well brought out, whilst her filial tenderness and devotion were depicted inamanner which appealed strongly to the feelings of his hearers. We were glad to Bee Mr. Carey in a rfile in which he had a chanoe of displaying the talent he undoubtsdly possesses. His Edgar was a masterly performance, and the three phases of the character kept entirely distinct; the only fault noticeable is that to which he is most prone, namely, in emotional passages a jerkmess of delivery. As Poor Tom he supported Mr. Fair dough most capably, and contributed greatly to the success of the scene between the mad kingand the supposed wandering lunatic. He also looked well, and acted with appropriate spirit in the last act as the champion of his own and father's wrongs. Mr. Holloway, who deserves credit for his artistic make-up — a point, and by a no means immaterial one, in which he always excels — per* formed the part of the treacherous Edmund with care and credit As the Earl of Kent Mr. Walsh was moderately successful, but was wanting in dignity. His dress, too, was very inappropriate as the trusted servant of the King, being that ' of a peasant. We take ex ception to Oswald being made a comic clown, but Mr. Power will probably advance the authority of Mr. Tate for so portraying him. Miss Ansted gave an efficient rendering to the rOle of the haughty unnatural Goneril, and Mr. West did what was required of him as her husband Albany. We are sorry we cannot say anything in praise of Mrs. West's Regan, as it is the most important part in which which she has appeared, but this la Jy will require to very considerably subdue her style ere she make even a moderate actress. Mr. Lawi3 was com pletely out of his element as Gloster, ao we must be lenient to his palpable faults. By the way, what has become of our pleasant little friend Mrs. Roberts of late ? Have the Management overlooked her altogether? Though possibly Shakspearian tragedy is somewhat out of her lice of art, yet being a natural actress we feel sure that she is capable of something: more tian mere soubrette or extravaganza parts. ' King Lear' will be placed on the boards again this evening, and should draw a good house if only to see Mr. Fairclough's exposition of tho cha racter. Its novelty also should be an induce ment, for there must be numbers of Adelaideaus who have never had an opportunity of witnessing its production. 