TRAIL OF THE SERPENT. iiv tiii: Aimion or " Lmbj AuilUy'a Sirrcl," " Aurora l'l)ji<l," <fc., &c.;, ,Cc. BOOK T H E Fomrni. NArOLEON THE C5UEAT. CHAPTER I. TIIE HOY FROM SLOrPERTON. Another highly-respectable person, whose case whs before the IIouso of Commons, and who look minutes of it everyday 011 a slate, with n bit of slate pencil which*he wore attached to his button-hole by a string, and which also served him as a toothpick—the slate being; intrusted to a keeper who forwarded it to the cleetric telegraph, to be laid on the table of the House, and brought home washed clean, in half an hour, which was alwaj-s done to the minute ;—this gentleman also sighed for an introduction to poor Dick tor SI aria Martin had come to liim in n vision all tlio way from the Red Barn, to tell him that the prisoner was his first cousin, through the marriage of his uncle with the third d. tighter ol Henry the Eighth's seventh wife; and he considered it only natural and proper that Buch near relations should become intimately acquainted with each other. A lady, who pronounced herself to be the only child of the Pope of Rome, by a secret union with a highly respectable young person heiress to a gentleman connected with the muffin trade somewhere about Drury Lane, fell in love off-hand with Ilichard, from description alono ; and begged one of the keepers to let him know that she had a cluo to a subterranean passage, which led straight from the asylum to a baker's shop in Little Jiusssll-street, Covent Garden, a distance of some t>vo hundred and fifty miles, and had been originally constructed by William the Conqueror tor the convenience of his visits to Fair Rosamond when the weather was bad. The lady begged bee messenger to inform Mr Jlarwood that if lie liked to unite his fortune with hers, they could escape by this passage and set up in tho muffin business—unless, indeed, his Holiness of the triple crown in • vited them over to the Vatican, which perhaps tinder existing circumstances, hardly likely. But though a wonder, which elsewhere would only last nine days, may in the dreary monotony of sucli a place as this, endure for more than nine weeks, it must still die oat at last. So at last Richard was forgotteu by everyone except bis heart broken mother, and the keeper and boy attending upon him. His peculiar hallucination being a foncy that be was the Emperor Napoleon the First, was, of course, fittle wonder in a place where every wretched creature fancied himself some one "or something that he was not; where tnen and women walked about in long disjointed dreams, which had no waking but in ileath ; where once bright and gifted human beings found a wild and imbecile happiness in crowns of straw, and decorations of paper and rags ; which was more sad to see than the worst misery a consciousress of tbtir state might have brought them. A t first, Hicbnvd had talked wildly of his fancied greatness, had called his little room the rock of St. Helena, and his keeper, Sir Hudson Lowe. But he grew quieter day by day, and at last never spoke at all, except in answer to a question. A n d bo on, for eight long years. In the autumn of the eighth year he fell ill. A strange illness Perhaps scarcely to be called an illness. Rather a dying out of the last light ot hope, and bo utter abandonment of himself to despaii. Yes, that wns the name •of the disease under which the high and bold spirit of-Daredevil Dick sank at last. Despair. A curious disease. Not to be cured by rules and regulations, however salutary these' rules might be j not to be euret}^ren hy the Board, •which was supposed to be in a manner omnipotent, end to be able to cure anything in one - sitting; not to be cured certainly by the j asylum doctor, who found Richard's case vetj j difficult to deal with—more especially difficult since there was no positive physical malady to 1 attack. There was a physical malady, because the .patient grew every day weaker, lost appetite, and was compelled to take to his bed; but it was the malady of the mind acting on the body, and the cure of the last •could only be effected by the cure of the first. So Richard lay upon bis narrow little •couch, watching the shadows on the bare wall, and the clouds that passed across the patch of •sky which he could see through the barred -window opposite his bed, through long sunny days, and moonlight nights, throughout the month of September. -Thus it happened that one dull afternoon, « n looking up, he saw a darker cloud than .usual hurry by; and in its train another, \--darker still; then a black troop of ragged followers; and then such a shower of rain -<came down, as he could not remember having :seen throughout the time of his captivity. But tLis heavy shower was only the beginning •of three weeks' rainy weather; at the end of •which tioie the country round was flooded in •every direction, end Richard heard his keeper tell "another man that the river outside tho prison, which usually ran within twenty feet -of the wall on one side of the great yard, was mow swollen to such a degree as to wash the retonewerfc of. this wall for a considerable iheight. The day Richard heard this he heard \--another dialogue, which took place in the •passage outside his room. H e was lying on his bed, thinking of the bitterness of his fate, as he had thought so many hundred times, itbrough so many hundred days, till he had become, as it were, the slave of a dreadful habit of bis mind, and was obliged to go over the same ground for ever and ever, whether he would or no—he was lying thus, when he heard his keeper say,— " T o think as how the discontented little beast,should take and go and better hisself at such a time as this here, when there ain't a boy to be had for love or money—which three shillings a week is all the Board will give— as' will come here to lake caie of him." * Richard knew himself to be the " him" alluded' , to. . The doctor had ordered the boy to ait mp with ;him i t night dm/rag the latter part of bis illness, 1 nnfl it had bsi&Kfomething; : i f a reh'ef to liim^ in tlie>ikjj I^ffijiptoDy' of Jiis * life, tp V a t t b this to keep jjb*%ed when .lie" thought Richtrd was not " lopkjttg,; or to listen to MB Bjioriag when he 5 J V asoe, boyt as is as bold as brass many tm»j<j—*s ^ould run undor 'osBefe 1 bjads, and Ijiteltajtt ftiioHit fun to rtin epros/ibo rail- •.-^n&d; fltgp jflidre's a /ifl^preee /len^ine t comin', and as will amuse theirselves for the hour together with tivopeu'orth of gunpowder and a lighted candle—still feels timersomo about sittin' tip alone of nights with him." said tho keeper. " But he's harmless enough, ain't bo 7" asked the other. " Harmless! Lord bless his poor binnercent 'art! there ain't no more harm in him nor a baby. But it's no use a sayiu' that, for there ain't a boy far or near wl-at'll come and help to take care of him." A minute or two after this, tho keeper caino into Richard's room with the regulation basin of broth—a panacea, as it was supposed, for all ills, from water on tho brain to rheumatism. As ho put . the basin down, and was about to go, Eicliard spoke to him,— " The bov is going, then 7" " Yes, sir." The keeper treated him with great respect, for he had been handsomely ieed by Mrs Marwood on every visit throughout the eight years of her son's imprisonment. " Yes, he's a-goin', sir. The placo ain't lively enough for him, if you please. I'd lively him, if I was tho Board ! Ain't he had tho run of the passages, and half an hour every night to enjoy hisself in the yard! He's a goin' into a ductor's service, lie says it'll be jolly, earring out medicine for other people to take, and gloating over the thought of'em a-taking it." " A n d you can't get another boy to come here 7" " Well, you see, sir, the boys about here don't seem to take kindly to the place. So I've got orders from the Board to put an advertisement in one of the Slopperton papers; and I'm a-goin' to do it this afternoon. So you'll lidv^ a change in your attendance, maybe, sir, ^before the week's out." Nothing could better prove the utter dreariness and desolation of Richard's life than that such a thing as the probable arrival of o strange boy to wait upon him seemed an event of importance. H e could not help, though he despised himself for his folly, speculating upon tho possible appearance of the new boy. Would he be big or little, stout or thin 7 What would be the color of his eyes and hair 7 Would his voice be gruff or squeaky; or would it be that peculiar and uncertain voice common to over-grown boys, which is gruff one minute and squeaky the nest, and always is in one of these extremes when you most expect it to be in the other ? But these speculations were of course a part of his madness; tor it is not to be supposed that a loug course of solitary confinement could produce any dreadful change in the mind of a sane n u n ; or surely no human justices or lawgivers would ever adjudge so terrible a punishment to any creature, human as themselves, and no more liable to error than themselves. So Richard, lying on his little bed through tiie long rainy days, awaits the departure of his old attendant and the coming of a new one; and in the twilight of the third day he still lies looking up at the square grated window, and counting the drops falling from the eaves—for there is at last some cessation in the violence of the rain. H e knows it is an autumn evening; but he has not seen the golden red of one fallen leaf, or the subdued coloring of one autumnal flower; he knows it is the end of September, because bis keeper has told him so; and when his window is open, be can hear sometimes, far awav, deadened by the rainy atmosphere as well as by the distance, the occasional report of some sportsman's gnn. H e thinks, as he hears this, of a September many years ago, when he and a scapegrace companion took a fortnight's shooting in a country where to brush against a bush, or to tread upon the long grass, was to send a feathered creature whirring up in the clear air. H e remembers tbe merry pedestrian journey, the roadside inns, the pretty barmaids, the joint purse; the blue smoke from two short meerschaum pipes curling up "to the grey morning sky; the merry laughter from two happy hearts ringing out upon the chill morning air. H e remembers encounters with savage gamekeeperB, of such ferocious principle and tender consciences as even the administration of a half-crown could not lull to sleep ; he remembers jovial evenings in the great kitchenB of old inns, where unknown quantities of good old ale were drunk, and comic songs were sung, with such a chorus, that to join in it was to be overcomp by such fatigue, or to be reduced from wildest mirth to such a pitch of sudden melancholy, as ultimately to lead to the finishing of the evening in tears, or else under the table. H e remembers all these things, and he wonders—as, being a madman, it is natural he should— wonders whether it can be indeed himself, who once was that wittiest, handsomest, most generous, and best of fellows, baptised long ago in a river of sparkling hock, moselle, and burgundy, " Daredevil Dick." But something more than these sad memories comes with the deepening twilight, tor presently Richard hears the door of his room unlocked, and his keeper's voice, saying,— " There, go in, and tell the gent you've come. I'm a-comin' in with his st.pper and his lamp presently, and then I'll tell you what you've got to do." Naturally Richard looked round in the di. rection of the door, for he knew this must be the strange boy. N o w , his late juvenile attendant had numbered some fifteen summers; to say nothing of the same number of winters, duly chronicled by chilblains and chapped hands. Richard's eyes therefore looked towards the open door at Qbout that height from the ground which a lad of .fifteen has commonly attained; and looking thus, Itichard saw nothing. H e therefore lowered liis glance, and in about the neighborhood of what would have been the lowest button of his last attendant's waistcoat, be beheld the small pale thin ; face of a very small and very thin boy. This small boy was standing rubbing his right little foot against his left little wizen leg, and looking intently at Richard. T o say that his tiny face had a great deal of character in it would not be to say much; what face he had was all character. Determination, concentration, energy, strength of will, and brightness of intellect, were all written in unmistakable lines upon that pale pinched face. Tbe boy's features were wonderfully regular, and baa nothing in common >vith tue ordinary features of a ooy ot his age and his class: the tiny nose wns a perfect aquiline the decided mouth migLt have belonged to a prime minister with the blood of the 1 Plantagenets in his veins. -The eyes, ol a bluish grey, yrpre small, and a little too near togethar, but tbe light in them was (he light ot an intelligence inarvellous in one so Jroung. , - • fliehard, thongb a wild and reckless fellow, bad never beendevoid ofthought/and in the good dayspast had dabbled in many a science, aid lad -adopted and abandoned mmiy n «i-««ri H o was something of a physiognomist, and ho read enough in one glance at this boy's face to awaken both surprise and interest in him. " So," said he, " you nre the new boy! Sit down," he pointed to a little wooden stool near the bod as he spoke. " Sit down, ami make yourself at home. The boy obeyed, and seated himself firmly by the side of Richard's pillow; but the stool was so low, and he was so small, that Richard had to change bis position to look over the edge of the bod at his new attendant. While Daredevil Dick contemplated him the boy's small grey eyes peered round the four whitewashed walls, and then fixed themselves upon the barred window with such a look of concentration, that it seemed to Richard as it the little lad must bo calculating the thickness and power of resistance of each iron bar with the accuracy of a mathematician. " What's your name, my lad ?" asked Richard. H e had been always beloved by all iiis inferiors for a manner combining the stately reserve of u great king with tho friendly condescension of a popular priuce. " Slosh, sir," answered the boy, bringing his grey eyes with n great effort awoy from the in n bars and back to Richard. " Slosh ! A curious name. Your surname I suppose f" "Surname and christen name too, sir. Slosh—short for Sloshv." " But have you no surname, then 7" " No, sir; fondling, sir." " A foundling; dear me, and you are called Sloshy! W h y that is the namo of tho river that runs through Slopperton." " Yes, sir, which I was found in the mud of the river, sir, when I wns only three months old, sir." Found in the river—were you 7 Poor boy—and l y whom 7" By the gent what adopted me, sir." " A n d he is 7" asked Richard. " A gent connected with the police force, sir; detective " This one word worked a sudden change in Richard's marner. H e raised himself on his elbow, looked iniently at tbe boy, and asked, eagerly,— *' This detective, what is his name ? But no," he muttered, " I did .loteven know the name of that man. Stay—tell me, you know perhaps some of the men in tbe Slopperton police force besides your adopted father?" " I knows every man jack of 'em, sir: and a fine staff they is—a credit to their country and a happiness to theirselves." " D o you happen to know amongst them a dumb man 7" asked Richard. " Lor', sir, that's him." « W h o 7" " Father, sir. The gent what found nic and adopted me. I've got a message for vou, sir, from tather, and I was a-goin' to give it to you, only I thought I'd look about me a littlefirst;butstay—Oh, dear, the gentleman's took and fainted. Here," he said, running to the door and calling out in a shrill voice, "come and unlock this here place, will yer, and look alive with that lamp! The gentleman's gone off into a dead faint, and there ain't so much as a drop of water to chuck over his face." The prisoner had indeed fallen back insen sible on the bed. For eight long years he had nourished in his heart n glimmering though dying hope that he might one day receive some token of remembrance from tho man who had taken a strange part in the eventful crisis of his life. This ray of light had lately died out along with every other lav which bad once illuminated his dreary liitA but in the very moment when hope was abandoned, tbe token once eagerly looked for came upon him so suddenly, that tl e shock was too much tor his shattered mind and feeble frame. When Richard recovered fnra his swoon, he found himself alone with tho boy from Slopperton. H e was a little startled by the position of that young person, who had seated himself upon the small square deal table l^the bedside, commanding from this elevation a full view of Richard's face, whereon his two 6mall grey eyes were intently fixed, with that same odd look of concentration with which he bad regarded the iron bars. " Come now," said he, with the consolatory toneofenexperiencedsick-nurse; "comanow, we mustn't give way like this, just because wc hears from our friends; because, you see, if we does, our friends can't be no good to us whichever way their intention may be." " You said you had a message for me," said Richard, in teeble but anxious tones. " Well, it ain't a long un, and here it i6," answered the young gentleman from his extempore pulpit: and then he con tinued, with very much the air of giving out a text—" Keep up your pecker." " Keep up what ?" muttered Richard, " Y o u r pecker. 'Keep up your pecker,' them's his words; and as he never yet was known to make a dirty dinner off his own syllables, it ain't likely as he'll take and eat 'em. H e says to me—on his fingers, in course—' Tell the gent to keej up his pecker, and leave all the rest to you; for you're a pocket edition of all the sharpness as ever knives was nothing to, or else say I've brought you up for no good whatsomedever.'" This was rather a vague speech ; so perhaps it is scarcely strange that Richard did not derive much immediate comfort from it. But in spite ot himself, be did derive a great deal ot comfort from the presence of this boy, though he alinoBt despised hiinselt for attaching the lea6t importance to the words of an urchin of little batter than eight years of age. Certainly this urchin of eight bad a shrewdness of manner which would have been almost remarkable in a man of the world ot fifty, and Richard could scarcely help fancying that he must have graduated in someother hemisphere, and been thrown, small bs to size, but full grown as to acuteness, into this; or it seemed as if some great strong man bad been reduced into the compass of a little boy, in order to make him sharper, as cooks boil down n gallon of gravy to a pint in the aanufacture of strong soup. But, however tbe boy became to be what he was, there he was, holding forth from his iulpit, and handing Richard tbe regulation asm of broth which composed his supper. " Now, what you've got to do," said lie, is to get well; for until you are well, and strong too, there aint the least probability of your, bein' able to change your apartments, if you should feel bo inclined, which perhaps ain't likely." Richard looked at the diminutive speaker with it wonderment he could not repress. "Starin* won't cure you," said tbe juvenile attendantj Witlj friendly disrespect, " not it "you took the pattern of m y face till you could draw it in the dark. The best thing you can do is to eat your supper, and to-morrow we must try what we can do for you in the way • of port wine; for if you am t strong and well afore that ere river outside this ere vail goes down, us a chance but vot II bn n long tirno afore you sees the outside of tho voll in question," Richard caught hold of the boy's small arm with a grasp which, in spite of his weakness, had a convulsive energy that yearly toppled his youthful attendant trom his elevation. '• You never can think of nnythiugso wild 7 1 he snid, in a tumult of agitation. " Lor' bless yer 'art, no," said the boy; " we never thinks of anything vot's wild—our 'nbits is business-like; but vot you've got to do is to go to sleep, and not to worrit yourself; and ns I said before, I say again, when you're well and strong we'll think about changiu' these apartments. W e can make excuse that tho look-out was too lively, or that the color of the whitewash was a-/(injurin' our eyesight." For the first lime for many nights Richard slept well; and opening his eyes the next morning, his first anxiety wns to convince himself that the arrival of tho boy from Slopperton was not some foolish dream engendered In his disordered brain. No, there the boy sat; whether he had been to sleep on the table, or whether be had never taken his eyes off Richard tho whole night, there he was, with those eyes fixed, exactly as they had been tho night before, on the prisoner's face. " Why. 1 declare we're all tho better for our good night's re6t," he said, rubbing his hands, as be contemplated Richard; " a n d we're rendy for our breakfast as soon as ever wc can get it, which will be be 6onn, judging by our keeper's hobnailed boots ns is a-comin' down tho passage with a tray in bis hand." This rather confused statement was confirmed by a noise in the stone corridor without, which sounded as if a pair of stout working men's bluchers were walking in company with a basin and a teaspoon. " Hush ! " said the boy, holding np a warning forefinger; "keep it dark!" Richard did not exactly know what he was to keep darfc ; but as he had, without one effort at resistance, surrendered himself, mentally and physically, to the direction ol his small attendant, he lay perfectly sii!l, and did not utter a word. In obedience to his youthful director, be also took bis breakfast, to the last mouthful of the regulation broad, and to the last spoonful of the regulation coffee—ay, even to the grounds (which, preponderating in that liquid formed a species of stratum at the bottom of the basin; commonly known to the inmates of tbe asylum as " the thick'')—fur as the boy said, " gi-oiinds is strengthening." Breakfast finished, the asylum physician came, in tbe course of his rounds, tor his matutinal visit to Richard's cell, Ilis skill was entirely at a loss to find any oiire for so strange n disease as that which affected the prisoner. One of the features, however, in tin's young man's sickness, had been nu entire loss of appetite, and almost an entire inability to sleep. When, therefore, he heard that liis patient bad eaten a good supper, slept well nil night, and had just finished the reputation breakfast, he said,— "Come, come, we are getting bettor, then our comprint is taking a turn. We arc quiet in our mind, ton, cli? Not fretting about Moscow, or making ourselves unhappy about Waterloo, I hope ?'' 'I he asylum doctor was a cheerful casv goodtempered fellow, who humored the fancies of bis patients, however wild they might bo: and though half the kings in the history of linjrlaiid, and some sovereigns uncluonicled in any history whatever were represented in die establishment, he was never known to forget the respect due to a monarch, however condescending that monarch might be. He was, thc-iefore, a general favorite; and had received more orders of the Bath and the G-.titer, in the shape of red tape am! scraps of paper, and more title-deeds, in the way ot old curl-papers and bitB of newspaper, than would have served as the stock-in-trade of a marine storekeeper, with tlje addition of a few buttles and a black doll. He knew that one characteristic of Richard's madness was to fancy himself the chained eagle of the sea-buund rock, and he thought to huuior the patient by humoring the hallucination. Richard looked at this gentleman with a thoughtful glance in his dark eyes. " I didn't mind Moscow, 6ir," he said, very gravely; "the elements beat me there—and they were stronger than Hannibal; but at Waterloo, what broke my heart was—not the defeat, but the diograce!" H e turned away his head as he spoke, and lay in silence, with his back turned to the good-natured physician. " No complaints about Sir Hudson Lowe, I hope ?" said the medical man. They give you everything you want, general." The good doctor, being so much in tho habit of humouring his patients, bad their titles always at the tip of his tongne; and walked about in a perfect atmosphtre of Pinnock's Goldsmith. " Does he ask for anything 7" asked the doctor. "Don't he, sir 7" said tho boy, answering one question with another. " He'6 been doing nothin' fur ever so long but askin' for a drop of wine. Ho says ho feels a kind of sinkin' that nothin' but wine can cure; " H e shall have it, then," said the doctor. A little port wine with a touch of iron in it would help to bring him round ns goon as anything, and be sure you 6ee that ho takes it. I've been giving him quinine for some time past; but it has done so little townrds making him stronger, that I sometimes doubt his having taken it. Hus he complained of anything else ?" Well, sir," said the boy, this timelooking at his questioner very intently, and seeming to consider every word before hn said it, " there is sometliin' which I con make out from what he says when ho talks to hisself— somethin' which preys upon bis mind very much; but I dont suppose it's much good mentioning it either." H e stopped, hesitating, and looking very earnestly at the doctor. " W h y not, my boy i" " Because you see, sir, what he bankers after is agen the rules of tbe asylum— leastways, the rules tho Board makes for such as him." " But what is it, my good lad ? Tell me what it is he wishes lor ?" said the medical man. " Why, it's a singular wish, I dare say, sir; but he's alius a talkin' about tbe other lun—" . he hesitated, as if out of delicacy towards Richard, and substituted tho word "boarders" for that which La liad teen about, to use " and ho says, if he could only bo allowed to mis with 'em now alid then he'd be as hBppy, as ft king. But of course,k as I was u-tellin'" him when you come in, sir, that's agen the rules of the establishment, and in consequence f ; is impossible-'cause why, these 'ere rules is like Swedes and Nasturtiums- rthe b«V bom Slopperton may possibly .have been'thinking \- r - - > « J f • • of the Medes and Persiftnsl—and -can't gone agen." J; i ' " I don't know nbout that," eai.l jfclia goodnatured doctor. " So, general,"-lie added, turning to Richard, who had shifted his position rather anxiously, " so general, vou would like to mix with your friends out there ?'' " Indeed I should, sir." Those deop and earnest dark eyes, with which Richard watched the doctor's face, were scarcely the eyes of a madmah. " Very well, then," said the medical man, very well J Wo must Bee if it can't be managed.' But I say, general, you'll find the Prince Regent among your fellow-boarders; and I wouldn't answer for your not meeting with Lord Castlereagb, and tbnt might cause unpleasantness—eh, general 7" " No, no, sir ; there's no fear or that. Political differences should never 1 " Interfere with private friendship A noble sentiment, general. Very well, you Bhall mix with tbe other boarders to- morrow. I'll speak to tlie board about it this afternoon. This, luckily, is a Board-day. You'll find George the Fourth a very nice follow. H e came here because he would take everything of other people's that lie could lay his iiands on, and said it was only taxes from his subjects. Good-day. I'll send round some port wine immediately, and you shall have a couple ef glasses a day given yon; so keep up your Bpirits, general." Well," said the boy from Slopperton, as tho doctor closes the door behind him, " that 'ere medical officer's » regular brick ; and all I can say is to repeat his last words—which ought to be printed in gold letters a foot high —and those words is—" Keep up your spirits, general." C H A P T E R ir. un. AUGUSTUS DAHLEy A.VD Mn. JOSEPH petehs oo o u t Fisuiifa. A t.ono period of incessant rains had hy no means improved tho natural beauties of the Sloshy, nor had it in any manner enhanced the advantages attending a residence on the banks of that river. The occupants of the' houses by the waterside were in the liabit of going to sleep at niglit with the firm conviction that the lower portion of their tenement was a comfortHb!e kitclien, nnd W n k e n - ing in the uiorning were opt to find it a miniature lake. Then, again, the riverbed a knack of dropping in .at times, in a friendly way, when least expected—when Mrs Jones was cooking the Sucday's dinner, or while Mrs Brown was gone to market; and, as its manner of entering after the fashion of n ghost in a melodrama, to rise through the floor, the surprise occasioned was not unalloyed by vexation. It would intrude, an uninvited guest, at a social tea-pnrty, and suddculy isolate every visitor on his or her chair as on pb island. There was,not a mouse or a black-beetle in any of the kitcliens by the Sloshy whose life was worth the holdiiig; such au enemy was the swelling water to all domestic peace or comfort. It is true that to some fresh and adventurous spirits the rising nf the river afforded a kind of eccentric gratification. It gave a smack of the flavour ot Venice to the clull insipidity o f Slopperton life; and to on iinaginativewnd every coal-barge that wont by became a goudola, and only named a cavalier, with u very short doublet, pointed shoes, and a guitar, to make it perfection. Indee-I, Miss Jones, milliner and dressmaker, lias been heard to say, that when slie saw the water coming up.to the parlour windows she could hardly believe she was not really in the city ot tbe winged horses, round the corner out of the sqiinre of Sit. Mark's, and three doors ir un the Bridge of Sighs. Miss Jones was well np in Venetian topogrrp'iy, as she was engaged in the perusal of a powerful work in penny numbers, detail- • ; ing the adventures of a celebrated '* Bravo" ot that city. ,, T o the ardent minds of the juvenile denizens of the waterside tbe'swollen liver was a puree of pure and unalloyed delight. T o 'take'fi tour round one's own back kitchen in a washing-tub, with a duster' Tor a sail, is perhaps, at the age of ja*, a more perfect species of enjoyment than that afforded by any Alpine glories or Highland scenery through which we may wander in after years, when Reason has taught us her cold lesson, that, however bright tbe sun may shine on one 6ide of tbe mountain, die shadows are awaiting us on the'other. There is a gentlemen in a cutaway coat and a white bat, smoking n very short and black clay pipe, as he loiters on the bank of the Sloshy. I wonder what he thinks of the rivei 7 It is eight years since this gentleman was Slopperton; then tie came as a witness in the trial of Itichard Marwood; tbcn ho had a black eye, and was 'out-at-clbows; no-v, his optics are surrounded with no dark shades which mar their natural color—clear bright grey. Now, too, he is, to speak familiarly, in high leather. His cutaway coat of thp newest fashion (for there is fashion even in cutaways); his plaid trousers, painfully tight at the knees, and admirably adapted to display the development of the calf, are still bright with tbe greens and blues of the Macdonald. IHb hat. is not crushed pr indented in above 'lialf-a-doEen directions—a sign that it is comparatively new, for the circle in which he moves considers bonneting' a friendly demonstration,. and to knock a man's hot off his head and into the gutter rather a polite attention. " Yes, during the last eight years the prospects of Mr. Augustus Barley (that is the name of the witness) have been decidedly looking.up.., JJight years ago lie was a .medical student, loose on wide Jjopdouif eating bread-nnd-clieese and drinking bottled stout in dissecting- rooms, and«balking'upalarming scores at tbe caravansary tound the corner of Goodge Street—when the proprietor of the caravansary would chalk up. Tliore were days tvliifch that stern' man refused to mark with a wh}te stone. Now, he has a dispensary of his own; a marvellous place, which would be entirely devoted to scientific pursiiits j T dominoes and racing calendars did not -jn "some degree predominate "therein.. This dig* pensary is in a populous neighbourhood pfl the Surrey side of tbe water j and tbs'streeta, and squares—to say nothing of ihMOUrt|in85 mews—round this establishmentftne natne of Augustus Darley i8 rsyj^ytn#ffa with eVerjr- W p ' , * } } * , S ** >!>MmteMKgQe< L^phyflVlSt P w, -,3b pliygij) 4q ^fo^abs^jefe and.apBrt rom its curative qualities, is scarcely a vbrv « •ngjiuismay i» a doubtful compliment; but for all that.it - waS mennt in perfeci good faith, and what's more, it |»eant a great^-deal, f IWhen .anybody folt fll, he sent for Gus tJprley—ihe liKd nevrer ; been'called M r . but once in Ms hfi'andrion b y ^ sberiff'a officer, who urr ;esting%im iof' the'first time, wasn't on familial- terms; all Cursitor Street knew him as " G u s old fellow" and "Darley, m y boy," before Jong). I f the patient was very bad, Gus told him a good story. I f the case seemed a serious one, he sang a comic song. If the patient felt, in popular parlance," low," Darley would stop to supper; and if by that time the patient was not entirely restored, his medical adviser would send him a ha'portU of Epsom salts, or three-farthings' worth of rhubarb and magnesia, jocosely labelled " T h e Mixture.' It was a comforting delusion, labored under by every patient of Gus Darley s. that the young, surgeon prescribed for him a very mysterious and peculiar amalgamation of drugs, which, though certain death to any dtlier man, was the only preparation in the whole pharmacopoeia that could possibly keepJiim alive. There was a saying current In the neighborhood of tbe dispensary, to the effect that Gus Barley's description of the Derby D a y was the best Epsom salts ever invented for the cure ,of man's diseases; and he has been known to come home from the races at ten o'clock at night, and assist at a sick-bed (successfully), with a wet towel round his head, and a painful conviction that he was pre- scribing for two patients at once. But all this time he is strolling by the swollen Sloshy, with his pipe in his mouth and a contemplative .face, which ever aad anon looks earnestly up the river. Presently be stops by a boat- builder's yard, and speaks to a man at work. "Well,*; eaj8, /'is that boat finished yet?" " Yes, sir," says the man, "quite finished, and uncommon well she looks too; you might eat your dinner Dff her; the paint's as dry as a bone." r " H o w ntioiit the false bottom I spoke ol 7" he asks. " Oh,; that's all -right, sir! two feet and a half d ^ p , and six feet and a halt long. Til (ell you what, sir.-^ho offence—but you must catch a precious sight more eels than I think you will catch, if you mean to fill the bottom of that'ere :punt." As the man speaks, lie points to where tho boat lies high and dry in the builder's yards. A great awkward flat-bottomed punt, big enough to bold.half-a-dozen people. Gus 6trolls up to look at it. The man follows him. H e lifts up the bottom ot tho boat with a great thick loop of rope. It is .made like a trap-dobr, two feet and a half above the keel. " W h y , " said Gus, " a man could lie down in the kc l of the boat, with that main deck over him." , " T o be sure he could, sir, and a pretty long un, too; though I don't say much for its Iteingaover-comfortable berth. H e might feel himself rather cramped if he was of a restless disposition." Gus laughed, and said,—" You're right, . ) might/ certa'nly, poor fellow ! Come, now,* you're rather n tall chap, I should like to see if you cpnld lie down there comfortably lor a minute "or so. W e l l talk about some beer when you come out." The man looked at Mr Darley with rather a puzzled glance. H e hail heard ^he legend of the mistletoe iiongh. H e had helped to build ilie boat, .but for all that there might be a hidden spring somewhere about it, and Gus's request might conceal some sinister intent; but no one who had once looked our medical friend'in the face e;-or doubted him ; so the man laughed and said,— " W e l l , you're a rum un, whoever tbe other is" .(people. were rarely very deferential in their manner, of addressing Gus Darley) ; " bowsomedever, here's to oblige you." A n d the man got into the boat, and laying down, suffered Gus to lower tbe false bottom of it over him. ' " H o w do you feel 7" asks" Gus. " Can you breathe ?—have you plenty of Bir ?" *' AU right, sir," gays the man throngh a hole in tbe plank. "It's quite a extensive berth, when you've once settled yourself, only it ain't much calculated /or active exercise." D o vou think you could stand it for half an hour f" Gus inquires. " L o r , bless you, sir! for lialf-a-doaen liours, if I was paid nccorilinV "Should jrou think half-a-crown enough for twenty minutes?" " W e l l , I don't know, slrj suppose you made it'three shillings 7" : * - " Very good," said Ous j " three shillings it shall be. It's now half-past twelve;" he looks at his watch as he speaks. " I ' l l sit here and smoke a pipe; and if you lie quiet till ten minutes to one, you'll have earned the three bob." Gus -steps into the boat, and seats hlmselt at the prow j the man's bead lies at the stern. " Can you see me Gus inquires. " Yes, sir, when I squints." " Very well, then, you can see I don't make a bolt of it. Make jrour mind easy : there's fifce minutes gone already!" ' 1 Gus finishes his pipe, looks at bis watch again—n quarter to one. H e whistles a ecena from an opera, and then jumps out of the boat and pulls up the false bottom. " All's iight/J lie says.) '/ timd's up." The man gets out and stretches bis legs and arms, as if to convince himself that those members are unimpaired. " Well, was it pretty comfortable 7" Ous asks, -r < , , - - • < • . • - " Lor' lovo you, sir! regular jolly, with tho exception of beih' rather warm, and makin' a cove precioiis dry." , Gus givei the man wherewith to assuage this drought, and says,-^ " Y o n teiiy' iBhbire' ths boat dowp to the water, then. M y frieod wili be bete in a minute frith tbe tackle, and we can then sea about making a<start.' f : n ' The ^bat is launqbed. and the man amuses liimself with Vowing a lew yards up the river, while' Gus wnjts for {lis friend.* I n about ten .minutes bis friend arrives,/ 1 0 '''! 4e e person of M r Joseph ^Peters, of the j 7 S \ -fore brce.s|Wtb a couple of-eel-spears over "his ibpuJdfNttllJehi&iires; i>>o •otnBwhBt: tbe appearance of a dry-land Neptune), and a goodeiwd carpet-bag. whioh i e , carries in his Itand. j p r • •'• -'"" •--•-'-'••-• i G u i m n d be fl/olyngp a fe(v remarks in ths siloflt/alpbalibtf iif Which Gus ls almost as f W t S f adept as the dumb'deteotire, and they ejiinttp.tboipBnti t"i - / * ; , Th84)0flt"builder's man is sent for a gallon f .beer in a stone bottle, a fealf-quartew loaf, "" aptecoofcheese. These provision! being >|)pod, Darley and Peters each take an onr, and tbey pull away from, the bank and strike out into the middle of the river. CHAPTER nr. TUG EMPISItOR BIDS ADIEU TO ELBA. ON tliis same day, but at a lator Lour in the ol'ternoonj Richard Marvvood, better.known as the Emperor Napoleon, joined tlie inmates of the county asylum in tbeir daily exercise in the grounds allotted for that purpose. These grounds Consisted of prim grass-plots, adorned witb here and there a bed in which some dismal shrubs, or a few sickly chrysanthemums held up their gloomy heads, beaten and shattered uy: the recent heavy rains. These grass-plots were Surrounded bystiff straight gravel-walks; and the whole was shut in by a .high, wall, .surmounted by a ckevaux- <de-JHse. The iron spikes composing this adornment bad been added of late years; for in spite of the comforts and attractions of the «stablishment, some foolish inhabitants (hereof, (anguishing for gayer and tnore dazzling scenes, had been known to attempt, if not to effect, an escape from the numerous advantages •of their home. I cannot venture to say whether or not the vegetable creation may tinve some mysterious sympathy with animated nature; but certainly no trees, shrubs, flowers, grass, or weeds «ver grew like the trees, shrifts, flowers, grass, and weeds . in the grounds of the county lunatic asylum. From the gaunt elm, which stretched out two great •rugged firms, as if in a wild imprecation, such as might come from the lips of some human victim of the worst form of insanity, to the frivolous chickweed in a comer of o gravel-walk, which grew as if not a root, or leaf, or fibre but had a different purpose to its fellow, and flew off at it own peculiar tangent, with an infantine and kit tenish madness, such as might iiave afflicted a love-sick miss of seventeen; from the great melancholy mad laurel-bushes that rocked themselves to and fro in the wind with a restlessness known only to the insane, to the eccentric dandelions that reared their disordered heads from amidst the troubled and dishevelled grass—every green thing in that great place seemed more or less a victim to that terrible disease whose influence is of so subtle a nature, that it infects the very stones of the dark walls which shut in shattered minds that once were strong and whole, and fallen intellects that once were bright and iofty. But as a stranger to this place, looking for the first time at the groups of men and women lounging (lowly up and down these gravel-walks, perhaps what most startles you, perhaps even what most distresses you, is, that these wretched people scarcely seem unhappy. Oh, merciful and wondrous wise dispensation from Him who fits the back to bear the burden ! He so appoints it. The cnau, whose doubts or fears, or wild aspirings to the misty far-away, all (be world's wisdom could not yester- <iny appease, is to-day, made happy by a scrap of paj>er or a shred of ribbon. We who, standing in the blessed light, look in upon t t'l^s piteous mental darkness, are perhaps most juuappy, becauso we cannot tell how much or how little sorrow this death-in- iife may shroud. They have passed away from us; their language is not our language, nor their world our world. I think someone lias asked a strange question—Who can tell whether their folly may not perhaps be better than our wisdom ? He only, from whose mighty ha^J conies the music of every soul, can tell which is the discord and which the harmony. We look at (hem as we look at all else—through the darkened .glass of earth's uncertainty. No, tbey do not seem unhappy. Queen Victoria is talking to Lady Jane Grey about to-day's dinner, and the reprehensible superabundance of fat ina leg of mutton served up thereat, Chronology never disturbs these good people; nobody thinks it any disgrace to be an anachronism. Lord Brougham will divide an unripe apple with Cicero, and William the Conqueror will walk arm-in-arm with Pius the Ninth, without the least uneasiness on die score of probability ; and when, on one occasion, a gentleman, who for three years bad enjoyed considerable popularity as Cardinal Wolsey, all of a sudden recovered, and confessed to being plain John Thomson, the inmates of the atylum were unanimous in feeling and expressing the most profound contempt for his unhappy state. To-day, however, Richard is the hero. He is surrounded immediately on his appearance by all the celebrities and a great many of the nnn-celebrities of the establishment. The Emperor of the German Ocean and the Chelsea Waterworks in particular has so much to say to him, that he does not know how to begin; and when he does begin, acts in a manner both affable and bewildering. Why did not Richard join them before, he asks—they are so very pleasant, tbey are so very socialj why, in goodness- gracious 1 name (he opens his eyes very wide as he utters the name of goodness-gracious, and looks back over his shoulder rather <w if he thinks he may have invoked 6ome fiend), why did not Richard join them f Richard tells him be was not allowed to do so. On this, the potentate looks intensely mysterious, He is rather stout, and wears a head-dress of his own tnanufactrre—a species of coronet, constructed of a newspaper and a bluc-and-white liirde'-eye pocket-handkerchief He puts his hands to the very furthest extent that he can push them into his trouser- pooket; plants himself right before Richard on the gravel-walk, and says, with a wink of intense significance, " Was it the Khan V Richard soys he thinks not. " Not the Khan1" he mutters thoughtfully. " You really are of opinion that it was not the Khan V " I really om," Richard replies. "Then it lies between me last Duke of Devonshire but sixteen and .Abd-el-Kader: I do hope it wasn't Abd-el-Kader; I had a better opinion ot Abd-el-Kader—I had indeed.!' , Richard looks .rather puzzled, but says nothing. a There bos evidently," continued his friend, " been some malignant influence at work to ! -J'"jis. prevent . *r You your . i liavo appearing boon . a •MAUIIAH metoberof amongst nf ihie this us Wore flAmatv society r^ior/let me see, three hundred and sixty-three years—bo Triud enough to set me right if I make a mis- statement—three hundred and— did I say seventy-twelve years?—and you have never yet joined us! Now, there is something radically wrong here ? to m the language of the ancients in their religious festivals, .there is ' a screw loose.' You ought to have joined us, you really ought 1 We are very social;-we are positively buoyant; we bavea bill every evening. Well/ too, perhkps it is not every evening. , ( To le continued.) 