THE NORTH-WESTERN CANAL. There was a large meeting last evening in St. James's Hall, when the scheme for the formation of a canal from the Groulburii River to Lake Hindmarsh was explained by the engineer, Mr. Dods. That gentleman evidently carried the majority of his hearers with him, and a resolution, affirming the desirability and practicability of the scheme, tvas carried with a very few dissentient voices. The Rev. Dr. Backhaus, at con siderable length, opposed the resolution. The main arguments used by him were that thore ivas not a sufficiency of water in the tfouiburn to feed the sanal, that even if there were it would be impossible to irrigate the whole of the country through which it would be carried, and that the Parliament would never grant the company the immense extent of laud demanded by way of subsidy. The last objection, we fear, would be found to be the great stumbling block in the way of carrying out the enterprise, which, as Dr. Backhaus admitted with much emphasis would, if possible of accomplishment, be of inestimable value to the districts imme diately interested and to the country gener ally, and be wortli double and even treble the amouut of the estimated cost, Notwith standing the objections raised) a strong im pression favorable to the scheme was made on tiie meeting. Given that the supply of water will be sufficient, and that a new river between two and three hundred miles in length' can be formed through a naturally waterless country, there would seem to be no doubt that a strenuous effort should be made to carry out so desirable an under taking. The Hospital Sunday Collections.—We have made arrangements for procuring in time for publication on Monday morning the result of the collections made in all the churches of the district on behalf of Hospital Sunday. At best, however, it will be no easy task, and those whose' duty it is to make the returns, will assist our re porters greatly by having the totals made out as soon as possible after evening service. All that is required in each case is the name of the church, the name of the officiating clergyman, . the total sum collected, and whether it is a free gift or has any condition attached to it. With ! respect to our Wesleyan friends, we have to re quest that outlying churches send in their re turns to the Rev. J. G. Millard, Forest-street; ^ev- T. James, Golden-square, or to this office, in the course of Sunday night, as it will be wholly impossible for our reporters to vi^it every meeting place. We depend upon the hearty co-operation of the clergv and church officers in this matter. The members of the No. l Volunteer Fire Brigade are requested by advertisement to meet i at the Engine House on Sunday afternoon at ;ttto o clock to attend the parade service in the j: Camp Reserve. The Strikb at the Old Hustler's Mine — ; We hare been requested by Mr. Jackson to cor 1 rect an error in the report of his remarks made at the meeting of the mining managers, held on . Thursday night, regarding the signing of the rules by the men at the mine. He did not say that he required his men to sign the rules What he said was that if they consented to work under the rules he would be satisfied. Religious Services.—The Kev. Mr. Hen aerson, of Balfarat, will preach to- morrow morn ing and evening in the Presbyterian Church, -Myers-street, In addition to conducting the parade service in the afternoon in the Camp Re serve. -Mr. M. W. Qrcen will preach in the Temperance Hall in the afternoon at three and , in the evening at seven o'clock. ' Last Meet of the Season.—The Bendigo Hunt Club meet at Hogan's Homebush this afternoon, at two o'clock, for the last time this season. The Canal Sciiexe.—A large meetiug was held in St. James's Hall last evening, for the pur pose of having the scheme of the North-Western canal explained. Mr. Dods, engineer, of Mel bourne, gave a lucid description of the proposed canal. A considerable amount of opposition was raised against the plan bv the Kev. Dean Backhaus, who endeavored to show that it was impracticable. Ihe meeting, however, unani mously (with the exception of the Doctor and another) passed a resolution favorable (o the project. Spouting.—Little or no wagering has been ! done this week. Several doubles have been taken on the V.Ii.C. Derby and Cup. Mel- ; bourne, Ne», and Neredah are the favorites for i the former. On the Melbourne Cup, Break o' I I>ay has been supported this week. ' Lapidist ' l< itz, and Lurline are advancinsr in the market.' Messrs. Lewis and Winch's string hare returned lrom their Randwick campaign, and Mr. De Metre's horses will arrive this week. Mr. Alfred Joseph's (at the Shamrock) weekly ^'n;U^V-R-C Derby—•5 to 1 on field (off); V .It.I,. Derby and Cup—100 to 1 to 6. Mel ! bourne Cup—-i to 1 QoIcUbrough (off), 12 to 1 loratio (off and tk), 12 to 1 Lapidist (tk), 12 to 1 I'itz (tk), Io to I Lurline (tk and oif), from odd-!) t0 2U °therS' PIace—1' 3 (fourth of Melbohrne Hunt Clot Races.—These races take place to-day. Should the weather prove fine doubtless fr-jm the excellent sport pro vided they will prove successful. Xo speculation has^ taken place here however. Iootiule. In view of the forthcoming contest with Maryborough, a practice match will take place in the Lower Reserve this afternoon. Some excellent play may be anticipated bv the admirers of the game, as the players are now in very good form, and a large number will turn up to prac tice, as the club is now on its metal to pull 0lf the above match, which resulted in a draw on the last occasion these teams met. Sides will be chosen on the ground. Spiritualism.—Spiritualistic service will be held at the Rifles' Orderly Room to-morrow evening as by advertisement. A trance lecture will be delivered, as usual, under spirit control, ihe doors will be closed previous to the medium appearing oil the platform. Bendigo Benevolent Astlum.—The super intendent with thanks, acknowledges receipt of £1 from Mr J Holds worth, Pall Mall, in aid of the funds of the institute. A Dangerous Practice.—At the Citv Police Court yesterday a man named William Beswick was summoned for crossing the line. It ap peared that the man was verv Ieisurelv walkiti" in front of the train coming from Melbourne on the previous afternoon, as it was travelling at the rate of thirty miles an hour, and it was onh after the driver had repeatedly sounded his whistle that the man became aware of his danger, and only just in time to get out of the way. The Bench fined the man 5s. for trespass ing on the line, and the Chairman stated that it would be as well if the public were aware that any one going on any portion of the line was committing a trespass, and was punishable by law. It appears that the other day a little L'irt miraculously escaped being run over by the train as it was near the entrance to the Sand hurst station. The railway authorities have, we learn, given instructions to police officials on out}-at the station to summon as trespassers anv one found on any portion of the line, except where,the crossings are placed for the public convenience. X lulications Received.—We have received a pamphlet, published by Mr. Samuel Mullen, of Collins-street, entitled " Our Father " be;ti" -v sermon preached in Melbourne, on Sunday evening, the 26th July, by the Rev. Cuthbert Fetherstouhaugh, minister of .the Church o£ England at Urana and Jerilderie, S.S.W. Mr. !■ etherstouhaugh havincr in the sermon ventured to express his opinions pretty freelv as to some ! of the worn out-traditions of the Church, has been requested by the Dean of Melbourne to refrain from preaching again iu any Church of England building; iii Victoria. In the preface Mr. Fetherstonhaugh says " I am quite sure that my ' infidelity ' has been a cause of deep regret to the Dean, as it is to me to think that I should in any way cause one pain who has been kind enough to take so much interest in me as has the Dean. I would not add to that pain by publishing this sermon at- the request of some of my friends who have heard it, were it not that I believe the sentiments expressed in it convey moderately, yet pretty definitely, the sentiments and thoughts of nine out of tc-n thinking men in the Church of England, or, indeed, in any other Protestant Church." Eaoleiiaivk Police Cocrt.—At the Eagle hawk Police Court yesterday there was only one case on the list—that of the Borough Council v. J. Williams, for rates, amounting to £6 lus. The Bench gat e an order for payment. The Strike at the Old Hustler s Mine. —At the City Police Court yesterday a miner named Patrick Murphy, was charged by John Caliill, one of the men working at the Old Hustler's, with an assault on Wednesday last, when he was going to work in the mine. It was shown that the assault was disconnected with the cause of the strike amongst the men. -The Bench, however, inflicted a very high penalty £o—in consequence of it being committed at a time of great excitement, and likely to lead to more serious results. The chairman of the Bench (Mr. Macdouga'.i) strongly expressed the feeling of the magistrates in regard to any act of intimidation, or in preventing any of the men from going to work, and lie stated that if any of the men were brought before the Bench, and it could be proved that they had been acting in such an illegal manner, they would be punished to the utmost extent the law allowed. Amalga.ma.ted Mixers' Association.—The attention of our readers is drawn by advertise ment in another columu to the meeting of the Sandhurst branch of the above, to be held at the Temperance Hall to-night at half-past seven o'clock. We are informed the committee have prepared the rules for the proposed accident society, and will bring them forward to-night for adoption. The men on strike will also report progress. Admission will be by card. Members can be enrolled at the door. More Free Gifts to the HosrrrAi. Sunday Funds.—The hon. secretary begs to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £5 5s. from the Bendigo Dentscher Verem in aid of the fund, and has also requested us. to state that the members of the Hebrew Congregation have notified to him their intention of giving their collection unconditionally. . . Mr. Kosenow.—By a typographical error in our issue of Wednesday, it "was made to appear that the champagne supper to Mr. Adolph Rosenow, late of the Sandhurst and Eaglehawk Pyrites Company, was given by his employers. It should have" been by the employes of the company. The Wevthkk yesterday was very pleasant, and though the sky looked threatening, no rain fell. The thermometer at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, registered as follows:—9 a.m., I 50 ° ; noon, 65 ° ; 3 p.m., 68 ° ; 6 p.m., 50 = ; maximum, 64 s ; minimum, 43 = . Barometer— 9 a.m., 2S 900; 6 p.m., 2S810. Meetings This Day.—Australian, "Wills, 2; London, W. Barker, 11. The Mint its ox StiukK.—The miners on strike in the Great Hustler's mine have not resumed work yet, and the Hustler's Reef Com pany's mine also still remains idle. Probably after the in " lg of miners to be held to-night, some understanding will be arrived at which will bring the dispute to a close. A ATur for the Spiritualists to Crack,— The following story was related to us yesterday as having actually occurred in the district during the week. Our'informant says that he can rely on the person from whom he received the infor mation, but our readers can believe the story, or otherwise, as they choose; we simply gtveitas' related. A gentleman well-known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamb, at whose establishment many an article has been " popped" by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge to an equally well-known speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so happened that within ;t week after the piano had been disposed of, Lamb. .de parted this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had had the .piano removed to his parlor, and) as a matter of rioiirstj, had by this time had ample opportunities of judging as to the capabilities of the instrument. One night recently he had retired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about two o'clock in the morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud and continued playing on his piano, which he had previously locked securely. Not relishing the idea of his servant being up at that hour, lie indignantly rushed downstairs for 'the purpose of reprimanding the sup posed individual, when to his great terror and amazement he observed, as he says, the ghost of his departed " uncle" walk directly arid firmly from the piano right through the front door. Being horribly frigliteuedj he lost no time in retracing his steps Upstairs, and hiding himself in the blankets. His better half was not awakened by the first performance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Han del's " Messiah," but Smith had not long been in bed before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Mozart's Gloria— "The .Twelfth Miss"—in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard i all this, and after mentally abusing the piano, he resolutely took refuge in the arms ef Morpheus. His wife was awakened by the music, and immediately screamed out, and en- . deavored. to arouse her husband, hue sucli i seemed to be an impossibility, and she herself I resolved to go downstairs and ascertain the cause of this unusual musical entertainment. On reaching the room her bewilderment was greater than that of Smith, she having ob served the same identical man, and under precisely the same circumstances. Iti a frantic | state of excitement she rushed up stairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him ' of what she lud seen. Smith says that he re membered nothing after this beyond the fact i that his wife followed his example by "turning in," he having been put into such a frenzy by the manner in which his wife had related the circumstances to him. Next morning he. deter mined to get rid of "lie awful instrument. He succeeded in doing so, but whether the same i performance has been repeated at the house of the individual to whom he sold it or not, he is not in a position to say. The Administration of the Education Act.—The debate in the Legislative Assembly upon the administration of the Education Act, which was initiated on Thursday evening by Mr. Lalor, who wished for some information respecting the distribution of the education vote fur the eu-misvg year, closed immediately after the despatch of our Melbourne correspondent's report. After some remarks' from Messrs. I M'Lellan, Langridge, Curtain, W. C. Smith, and other hou. members, the question that the Chairman do leave the chair was put and negatived. Mining Accident.—A miner named George ! Thomas was admitted yestorday morning into the hospital, suffering from a compound fracture of the skull, lie was working in the Concordia j Tribute claim for the morning shift, engaged in ( breaking quartz, when a stage on which he was ! standing fell a distance of about 20 feet, and I Thomas with it. He fell violently against the side of the shaft, sustaining the injuries stated above. Death i.y the Hospital.—Charles Rich mond, aged sixty-eight, admitted on the 24th September, died on the 25th September. As the man died within so short a time after lie was ad mitted into the hospital, an inquest will be held on the body to-day. lie was brought from Kunnymede, where ha was found in a destitute state. Koch's Pioneer Company.—At the usual weekly finance committee meeting of the C''tv Council, held yesterday, a communication from the Kosh's Pioneer Company, was read, in which the directors of the company expressed a strong desire to settle the difficulty which has existed between the company and the Council relative to the storm-water channel at Long Gully. It will, no doubt, be remembered that there has been a long standing dispute between these two bodies relative to certain " obstruc tions " which the company have put across the channel and also the danger which existed of the township of Long Gully being placed in an awkward position, in the event ofanv* heavy rains falling, in which case the water would be unabJe to . find its outlet by means of tile pre sent water-channel, on account, of it being filled up with quartz tailings. The company offered yesterday to construct that part of the channel running through their lease, in order to avoid litigation with the Council. They agree to make a channel 2 feet 6 inches wide at the bottom, which the city surveyor states is not sufficient' for the requirements of the case. After considerable discussion, it was resolved that the company should be allowed to construct a channel, but in the event of it not meeting all requirements, that they should keep the original watercourse clear. Under the Verandah.—The brokers have a very dull time of it at present,:so far as busi ness is concerned, and their' leisure hours, doubtless, hang heavily upon their hands. In the " good old days" there was no lack of ex citement and " fun," but then brokers generally stood well with bankers, and having a source whence to obtain funds, they were never at a loss during a lull in the share market to get up some sport or indulge in sonic extravagance in the way of " blueing" a few pounds. But now that a reaction has set in, and a day's brokerage often only amounts to the modest sum of 4s. 2d., all unnecessary expenditure in the gratification of a whim or lark is kept down. Still, some work must be found for so many idle hands, and the least expensive, but at the same time most stupid, amusement resorted to is the adorn ing of one another's coat tails with some ornament not at all calculated to improve the appearance of the wearer. The feats of hang ing these decorations arc apparently of a very entertaining character to the habitues of" the flags, and are looked upon as it great relief to the monotony of the day's work. It might be thought, however, that jokes of, this kind would not be attempted to be piayed off on auy of the members of the constabulary. This is not so. Yesterday.one of the "force " was procediug ort his stately march past the Verandah, when one of the brokers, an expert at this kind of work, I pinned a gaudily-dressed doll to the coat- of the j constable, who continued ou his beat for soiu" ( distance amidst the laughter of the brokers. The noise, however, attracted the policeman's attention, who, upon turning round, observed j that all eyes were fixed upon him, looked most puzzled, and did not find out the cause of all the j merriment until some person, mindful evidently of the undignified appearance which the repre sentative of the majesty of the law would pre sent if lie were allowed to proceed with the , appendage to his coat, informed him of it. 