PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE EOYAL. Mr. Fairclough is confirming his admirers in the good opinion they formed of him upon his first appearance on the boards of the Theatre Royal, and the public at large is now endorsing that opinion. And what must be to himself still more flattering, the papers, which gave him little credit for ability when first he appeared here, now acknowledge that his delineations of Shaksperean characters are really good. So is the judgment of the press in some cases influenced by that of the public, From the first we recognised in this gentleman an excellent good taste and considerable power exercised with artistic good effect, and these high qualities are admirably exemplified in the round of Shaksperean characters he is playing. For his Macbeth we have already given him high praise, ani for his Hamlet _we must accord him still higher. He appeared as the Prince on Monday evening, and his representation of the part was the result of careful study pursued with an independent judgment la his impersonation there is no model which he follows closely, as a mere imitator might do; his theory, if not original, is worked out with the freedom of an original mind, and in every detail there is consistency with the ruling idea, and so we get a reading which recommends itself to every intelligent student and spectator. Mr. Fairclough was well supported, Miss Carey being the Ophelia, Miss Juno Queen, and Mr. Dampier the Ghost. Mr. Fairclough appeared as Othello on Tuesday evening, but though he gives a fine representation of the part, it is not, in our opinion, equal to his Hamlet. There is a danger of o'erstepping the vigour and energy suitable to it, and it seemed to us that in one or two passages Mr. Fairclough did unconsciously fall into that fault. But he overstepped the line very slightly indeed —so little, in fact, that if we were not criticising an actor who must be judged by a high standard, we should not think of noticing the fact. Mr. Dampier's Iago is, as we have before now stated, a really fine performance; on this occasion he played up to Mr. Fairclough very ably, and for his success was liberally rewarded by the house. Miss Carey's Desdemona was a careful performance, and Miss Juno's Emilia Jwas a good one; and as the minor characters were intelligently filled, it may be imagined that the performance went very well indeed. 'f'he Stranger was played on Wednesday evening with Mr. Fairclough in the leading part, and he may enjoy the satisfaction of having been quite as lugubrious as the exigency of the occasion demanded. Every first-rate actor deems it incumbent on him to make an impression as The Stranger. As the piece itself both draws tears and draws money, it will survive as long as there are soft hearts to feel deeply another's woes, though these "be but imaginary, and meritorious actors who can do the pathetic business in melting style. Ah, well; perhaps those who can shed a tear with The Stranger are happier than others who are not moved by his sentiments and Ins sadness. Miss Juno did Mrs. Holler in the most approved style. She was more than stage perfect in the part; her regrets were really affecting; and such a combination told in the desired way with the audience—an audience composed of people who always run after The Stranger^ nice, sympathetic people, who, on proper or regulated occasions, can shed tears without onions. These—the tears—testify to Mr. Fairclough's triumphs and MisS Juno's success. THE OPERA. The attendance has not been bad, nor so ?ood as might have been expected, the public differing in opinion from the criticisms of the press on the new members of the Swaeof them are really good, and that any disappointment is experienced may be accounted for . by the fact that people were led to anticipate too much. it was expected that they woijld in 'all -ects excel tjie best of. tbe old members; \- a n0W that it is foand thai Signora Pal- • jg inferior as an actress, though •ffhtly superior as a Vocalist to SignOra nv there is disSatasfaction. And, again, °®use sjgnor'Tavella is not equal to Neril "_ snfttj Coy, or Beaumont, people are uneasonably disappointed, forgetting how uch they gain by the strength of the -mnany being increased by these and the ther new artists. Signora Paimien apared in "Lucrezia Borgia" on Monday [nd Tuesday evenings, and the manner in which she rendered the music of the part WAS very creditable, but HS a representative cf it in other respects she made no impres- Hon. The new tenor, Signpr Tavella, made his first appearance in the small part of Eustighello, and he will certainly be very useful in characters of this class. The cart of Maffeo Orsini was entrusted to the new contralto, Signora Magi, and in the •well-known brindisi she fairly won some applause. A new comic opera—" Crispino ela Comare"—was announced for Wednesday evening. 