®0tt«t¥U SnUWltttHM. (From our own Correspondents.) Spy.oiM. ?Notice. — Country Correspondents will oblige 5j- sending in their Lrtterg on Wednesdays and by reminding us in siiffldatt tinui when they require a .further supply of itamped envelopes and paper. Bull's Cheek, July 31. Tour correspondent has had a lazy time of it for several weeks past through the non-occurrence of anything to chronicle — not even an election for District Councillor, the same member having gone in again unopposed. A short time ago Messrs. J. and R. Clatworthy met with accidents, both in the same week ; one had a severe scalding, and the 01 her a nasty cut from an adze. They were both laid up for three weeks. Under Doctor Ferguson's treatment they are now able to resume their occupations. This neighbourhood seems to be attracting the notice of capitalists for grazing purposes, and it is thought that it will before long tall into their hands. Mr. Scott has purchased the property known as Scown's and is seeking to obtain other lands adjoining ; and Mr. Luxmoore has taken up several sections jn the neighbourhood of the Fimrisa. Our worthy Postmistress — the only Govern metit servant we have here — elicits much sym pathy from the inhabitants here for the scanty pittance (£6 per annum) she obtains for her services. For this she has to rise at half-past 4 j every morning, and be at the call of every one I till about 10 at night. Surelv such services are deserving of a liijrher remuneration. A public meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel at the Meadows on Monday evening last for the purpose of opening a Lodge in connection with the Independent Order of Good Templars. There was but a moderate attendance. A number of officers of the Clarendon Lodge, with the Rev. J. Nicholson, also attended. Mr. Cook occupied the chair at the beginning of the meeting, and spoke earnestly of the evils resulting from in- j temperance, and the benefits of Good Ternplarism. At the conclusion of his speech, Mr. Shipway Q»*»iiX7Z3/? sanfi fin^a/} t}ia s-Yti1ir f}]£» Tvaitlfll«Hpr {if ti26 meeting. The Rev. J. Nicholson gave a clear 1 and an interesting exposition of the Order, and ; referred statistically to the universal spread it was [ making. He then invited all to join the Lodge j about to be opened. Eleven consented to become members ; and after the Benediction had been pronounced, the Meadows Hope Lodge was formally opened. The election of officers re sulted in Mr. R. Scown being chosen as P.W.C.T. ; Mr. W. Pears-.n, W.C'.T. ; Mr. W. j Ellis, W.V.T. ; Mr. D. Simpson, Chaplain and j Treasurer ; Mr. E. Gold, Hon. Sec. ; Miss. I. Murrie, F.S. ; Mrs. J. Jones, W.C.M. 5 and Mrs. R. Scown, W.V.M. Mkxingie, Aug. 4. The weather of late has been fine, with light showers occasionally, but on the whole the season has been dry f=o far, and vegetation is very back- j ward. The rainfall for this year up to the end of ! July has been nearly five inches below that of the ; same month of the three previous years. Some of the stockowners will be short of feed this year unless there is more rain shortly. Shearing com- J mences at the Lake Albert station on the 1st of j September ; I have not heard when they com- j mence at the Poltalloch and Campbell House j stations. The destruction of the flock of flukey sheep on the Coorong is progressing rapidly. I believe the I job will be completed by the end of the week if weather continues favourable. The men employed kill from 500 to 700 per day ; there are yards | erected for the purpose, and each man has a small j pen, similar to those in a woolshed, with gallows i erected opposite each gateway. One man is em- \ ployed knocking the sheep on the head, and each j skinner sticks eight or ten at a time. Alter the skins are taken off, the fat is taken out, and the j carcase thrown on one side and removed by blacks ! tn iliA Tiln^A Ti-iifiVA thp rniiTtinir is -'nrriod nn A i heap of firewooi is collected, and the carcases j piled on the top, about 500 at a time, and when once the fire is lighted there is no difficulty iu keeping it going, and the carcases are reduced to j powder wiih a comparatively small quantity of 1 fuel and little trouble. j I uoiice tenders are invited for the erection of I. the telegraph station aud post office in this place, ( and by the plans which are now on .view at the j present temporary station, the building will be an ? ornament to Meningie. j Midblktox. August 4. i We are having rather an abundance of the [ watery element this winter ; and as a consequence '? everywhere mud and dirt abound. Last Friday j we had quite a soaker. I think it rained for ! nearly twenty-four hours. Tiie creek which runs ' across the main road to Goolwa was much '- swollen ; the new bridge erected bv the District | Council over it early in the present year proved I very serviceable ; had it not been there, no one ! would have been able to cross io-ihe Railway ' Station nor get to the Post Office for several ; hours without going round for a considerable ? distance. i The Government have advertised for tenders for building a residence for our Station master. I ] have no doubt the house when erected will prove J a convenience, but I think it is a pity that the i building should be spoilt in not going high ] enough up with the walls, which are only to be i ten feet. Lofty buildings are much more prefer able, and tiie expense would not be much in creased if even now a couple of feet or so were J added to the specifications. j ? -w ? Encounter Bay, August 4. Since Thursday we have had some of the heaviest rain that has fallen this season. Some low patches of land are under water, and our roads are anything but pleasant to foot passengers. The chief topic oJ conversation here, as else where in this district, is the projected Murray canal. For myself, I have little hop* that any thing we can now do will bring back the lost Murray trade. Time and tide wait for no man, nor body of men ; and our legislators simply, but culpably, neglected the *' ebb,' which would have secured the Murray trade and benefited the whole colony ; still there is some merit — a sign of repentance — iu trying to i emed v past neglect and blundering ; even failure in ,1 -iooj cause is i always respectable. Lately I conversed with a shrewd man of the world — a capitalist too — at i Middleton. He says it will not do for the pro- i jectors of the Murray canal to wait for the work I being done by our present Government. Tiie canal scheme, he thinks, will receive no fair dis cussion in the House when accompanied by the j proposed rival rail-way to the Murray, seeing that '? Government tendencies, prejudices, and power, j combined with those of tbe Adelaide merchant*?, i are all on the side of the railway scheme. My j friend, therefore, suggests that the Murray canal should be constructed by a private company. There ought to be, he says, sufficient public spirit to carry out the work ; aud if done at once, with out delay, it would throw the mad railway pro ject into the indefinite future— in fact, to that remote ^contingency by which it is said we may hope to catch larks. Given, the canal begun, and those who at present are in favour of a rail way to the Murray would naturally say : — Lut us firat see the commercial results of the canal before we spend thousands of pounds certain for a very uncertain object. Is my Miodleton inter locutor right ? Is the work to be done too great for combined private enterprise. In the report of the Gcolwa meeting I noticed what is so fre quently the case — the first speech, Mr. Goode's, embodied nearly all that was «iid by subsequent speakers. Allow me to add, that on all occasions Mr. Goode is the most patient aud impartial of chairmen. There are now alternate showers and sunshine. Wellington, Aug. 3. An entertainment in aid of the East Welling ton school fund was held at the Wellington Inn on Friday evening, the 31st ultimo. Although the weather was wet aud rough the large room was completely filled, E. C. Hughes, Esq., SSL, presiding, The following program me was gone through: — Prologue, by Mr. John Lawson. This was an original piece, and was deservedly well received ; recitation, Edgar Allan Poe's 'Haven,' by Mr, Bundey, in harmony with the weather reading, ' Misadventures at Margate,' Rev. F. S. Poole ; ' Bashful Man,' by Mr. J. Luwson ; reading from *' Brett Harte,' Mr. E. C. Hughes; recitation. ' The Moor's Apology,' Jlr. Bundey : reading, ' The Jackdaw ot Rheims,' Rev. F. S. Poole 5 reading, ' The Ghost of Char es O'MalJey.' Mr. E. C, Hughes. The proeeedinjrs were much enlivened by some excellent music being discoursed from the harmonium by some of the ladies present. Other ladies sang divinely some pretty songs. After the National Anthem was rendered from the bannonm.n, the Rev. F.JS. Poole, in proposing a vote ot thanks to the Committee, who got up the meeting, mnde some remarks as to the advantages of education, and urged the necessity of continued exertions being made in order to place all the schools in the dis trict iu a state of efficiency. Mr. W. Lyon proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly come forward in the cause of education, to the ladies especially, who had shown that there were true daughters of the Australian bush equal to any occasion and fit for any emergency, and that such a thing as bad weather was by them considered too trifling a circumstance to keep them at home, when it was their duty to be somewhere else. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the meeting to a close. The proceeds being upwards of £10 will be a welcome addition to East Wellington school fund, as considerable repairs are wanted to the room, &c.; A meeting of the Wellington Cricket Club was held on Saturday evening last at Mr. Burford's, East Wellington, for the purpose of electing officers, the time for which had come by their term of office being up. E. C. Hughes, Esq., S.M., was re-elected President ; Mr. J. B. Davison again as Vice-President ; and a Com mittee of Management was chosen by ballot. Mr. Q. Golding received the complement of being chosen again as Captain in his abseuce. I believe our cricketers mean to «ro at the jrauue in earnest this season. They hnve received considerable addition to their number, and as some of the new men have had much practice in other Clubs, I think the play of the Wellingtonians will be very different this season from last. Inman Hills and Yallky, Aug 4. Tbe late cold rains hare very severely Injured the crops on the low lands, as much is under water aud dying off. The Hills are looking much better. Some places are muck infested with the slugs. The lambing season seems propitious, as large numbers are added to tbe flocks daily. Peace ?nd quietness reigns now we have got rid of a disagreeable farmer ; and the Postmaster is not interfered with if he makes up the post bags five minutes befoie time to accommodate the mail. __ ? n ? Cookk's Plains, Aug. 8. We have had some very nice rains in some portions of this district, whilst in others distant about two miles there was not the least rain. Some of the wheat on the sandy land is looking very well. The parties who started for Horsham some short time ago have returned, and they give a very good account of the country. I believe thev have all made selections of land. I think the cricketois will soon coiamencs practice for the ensuing season. 