STOBY OF A NEW ZEALAND MINE. We have heard many carious stories of the vicissitudes of gold mining-those ups and downs of fortune which every man must in evitably suffer if lie enters upon mining enter prises of any kind, but more especially in the case of gold mining-and probably one of the most remarkable instances of tbe freaks of the famous goddess of Fortune is to be found in the ease of the Manukau Mine at the Thames. Tbe history of this mine is worth recording, especially as. the story is full of hope mid encouragement to those who have become thoroughly disheartened by that "hope deferred" which is sure to make the stoutest heart sick if too long endured. We all know that in the lottery of quartz mining at the Thames there are many blanks, but the prizes, when they are obtained, are generally brilliant .in the extreme ; but it rarely happens that the famous goddess smiles twice upon the same persons, as die has done upon two of the fortunate owners of the Manukau Mine. The Manukau Mine comprises a very small ares of ground, of not quite one acre in extent, situated near and bounded by the Caledonian, Golden Crown, Cure, and some other of the richest mines at the Thames, and is now owned ostensibly by three shareholders-Messrs. H.R. Jones and J. Cook, of the Thames, and Mr. F. A. Whitaker, of Auckland. The ground was originally taken up by Messrs. Jones, Schofield, and M'Pike, but 1Mb-. Cook soon bought a half share and then a full third share* Messrs. O^Buglien and Caesin each bought a sixth share before heavy gold was found, and two out of the original shareholders retired. Mr. Jones, however, retained his full third share throughout, and the shareholders received same very handsome dividends, one of which amounted to .£1,030 8E. 3d. each. At this: period a battery was purchased, and then Messrs. Cassin and O'BugRen sold their third share for the sum of j£l6,G00 to the old Thames Investment Company, but Messrs. Jones and Cook each refused similar offers* The Manukau Mine was at this time working on. the famous run of gold which was; subsequently found in the Golden Crown and Caledonian Mines in such astounding richness. The claim had, however, been formed into a company consisting of 6,000 shares, but was, and still is, ia three equal shares of 2,000 each. By-and-bye came the reverse offostuae. The gold "gave out," but the Company con tinued vigorous mining operations for some time, expending a large sum of money, and making the ground something like a rabbit warren. After a long period of non-success, and after running the battery for some time for other companies, the owners sold the battery about two years ago, and it is said that an offer of a few hundred pounds would at that time have secuied the entire mine as well as the battery. However the .ground was generally kept manned by three men, but no important operation was. entered into for nearly two years About four months ago, however, an old drive was extended for five or six feet for the purpose of prospecting, when a large reef was met with, the existence of which was-previously unknown, and from it a small parcel of stone was crushed, and yielded nearly three ounces of gold to the ton. The rest of the story is well known. Day after day, as the mine was opened up, the prospects improved, and now they may be regarded as better than were ever before seen in Manukau-which is saving a great deal.. The first crushing yielded 636 ounces of gold, and another clearing up is expected to take place shortly, when there will probably be between 2,000 and 3,000 ounces of gold, and a dividend of at least £l per share on 6,000 shares, or i>2,000 to each of the three fortunate share holders. We have spoken-of three ostensible owners of the mine, but we believe there are really fouE shareholders. The old Thames Investment Company, as will be gathered from what we have said, held one-third share, but on the failure of that Company some four years ago, Mr. Whitaker and the Bank of New Zealand, were compelled, if we are not misinformed, to take over this interest in the Manukau Mine,, amongst other assets, to save themselves. They have therefore been M let in " for a very hand soire thing as the market value of the mine is now placed at .£72,000. The history of the mine should afford en couragement to tbe owners of mining property on this field, and should induce them, to thoroughly prospect every portion of their mines, instead of paying too much attention to "lost runs" of gold. We hope that the present owners of the Manukau will realise their most sanguine ex pectations, and we are glad to think that two thirds of the mine is still in the bands of" Thames residents. But no one will grudge Mr. Whitaker a slice of good fortune, for the Tharaes goldfield owes him, a large sum of money, and he is known as- one of the best " stickers" amongst all the Auckland capitalists, and one who goes into mining more as an in vestment than fotspeculati ve purposes. -Thame* I Advertiser. I An {utilising story comes-from Fbrt Jackson,, and is to the following effect- It appears that a few nights ago & boat was employed to take some new mattrasses.to one of the vessels down the harbour, and while on. the iourney one of the said mattrasses fell into the^eater, and at the time was not missed. Some time later in. the evening a secoud boat was-engaged to take an officer over to one of the shipsin "Farm. Cove," and all going along quietly in the still night, and when some distance from the land the lost mat trass was pulled against, unknown, to the occupants of the boat, completely stopping its progress.. The boatman palled on, but could, not go ahead, and on looking round to. see the cause the white ends of the mattrass showed themselves rising above the bows, of the boat* and the waterman becoming so scared at the sight plunged into the sea, and made back for the land as fast as ever man swam, leaving his. passenger to shift for himself as best as coukL The passenger, on seeing the boatman leaue him so suddenly without any warnings and thinking something very dreadful was about to happea at once followed suit and made for the land. We have had more than one sensational ghost story of late recorded in the papers, which^ no doubt, was the cause of the above. On the boat being picked up the mattrass was alsa found, and many a good laugh has taken place: over the matter.-Toowoomba Chronicle* 