MR. STUART'S SPEECH. Although the East Sydney election has been decided and Mr. Stuart has got in, yet, as he is regarded ias the advocate of Bishop Barker and Bishop Yaughan (for the Roman Catholics have voted for him as fighting their battle), it will be as well that we review his utterances bearing upon the educational question, for the sake of the electorates yet to go to the poll. Unquestionably, Mr. Stuart, although other candidates expressed themselves willing to "maintain the present Schools' Act," was put forward to fight the League, and to go into, the House to give its principles the mos determined oppo sition." In Mr. Stuart, therefore, the Denominationalists have spoken, so that in answering his arguments we answer them all. First of all, then, lie alleged that " the present system of education in a mixed community was well worthy of support." He did not tell why — why in a " mixed community." Is it because the system is mixed, partly public, and partly denomi national? If so, it ought to be proved that the mixture of the system / its the mixture of the community, for otherwise it may be found that the nnxture in the system is a great injustice to the mixture in the community. For example, Mr. Stuart's argument would have force, if there were Public schools for all those of the community who believe in Public schools, and Denominational schools for all those who believe in Denominationalism, and if each denomination had schools all over the colony for its ovm children ; but Mr. Stuart knows perfectly well that this „ is not the case, and never will be the case; but, on the contrary, each of the denomina tions has laid hold of the children of its neighbour, and thousands of the children . attending them do so simply because Public schools don't exist near thein. It seems a far more rational way of putting the fact that the community is "mixed" as a reason why the schools should be 7/traW or common. "The community is mixed, therefore the public money should be expended on the establishment of mixed schools, where the children in common may receive education at the public ex pense ;" this is surely a far more i-ational way of putting the fact than as Mr. Stuart puts it : " The community is mixed, there fore. the children should be taught in separate' schools, and tire public money should be. (expended on the maintenance of schools for two of the different denominations." It .the people were all of one opinion on religious questions there would be no difficult' about the schools, although even then the question would be open, Should those State-paicl schools be religious schoolsl but as the people are mixed, and as all the denominations cannot, be provided with schools ; and are not now provided with schools, and never will be ; the natural in ference is surely this — " Let the schools be common, let the mixed children meet in them without hindrance ; and let them re ceive .there a common education, leaving special distinctions to be provided by the denominations at their own expense." No, says Mr. Stuart, as the community is mixed, let the schools be separate ; let there be some Public schools in some places ; but let the two large denominations have separate schools where they may swallow up the smaller denominations, and according to the wealth of those large denominations, let them distribute among them jive thousand children not belonging to them, although this may imply that those live thousand children shall not receive any religious instruction' whatever! We affirm that if the mixtuie of the community is an argument for separate denominational schools, then, that the money paid by the public may be fairly expended and distributed, every denomi nation should have its schools, and in every town and village where these differ- ent denominations have children there proportionally schools must be maintained. We affirm, however, that as this is im practicable then the grossest injustice is perpetrated at present, and that the mix ture of the community is the most foi'eible argument why the schools provided at the public expense all over the country should be exclusively Public or common schools. Mr. Stuart says the present system "should not be cast away at the call of some fancied system, and utterly untried." Now, why should Mr. Stuart decry or depreciate the system which the League proposes as a " fancied " one, or - as an " untried" one ? The use. of th< s words indicates impatience and lack of ground, ! Every system must be a " fancied one " before -it is reduced to legal form ; and every system must be an " liiiiried" 'one.' until it is tried. .But Mr. Stuart will not permit it to be reduced to legal form, -but calls it "fancied;" nor will he permit it to be tried, and then lie sdys, " Oh, it is untried 1" This was exactly the argument of "Sandy Saunders." > when reasoning / with his son ; " Take care, lad, and not be drowned ; you must not go'into tie wati r until you can swim 1" . Mr. Stiiart says, "The present' Public Schools' Act, inasmuch as, it enabled- everg num to carry out the education of his children in the way in which it seemed best to him, was entitled to the cliax'acter of national, ifce." This is a most extraordi nary statement for Mr. Stuart to make in face of the fact that the present Act does no such thing. If :we should say the present system leaves, say 40,000 unprovided for Mr. Stuart will reply, "'extend it." Yes,' but we ask, " extend it how ?" . In the way of planting Public schools all over the' country? or in the way of waiting until the denominations are prepared to build, schools in those destitute places ? If, ixx the former way, will this be enabling " every man to carry out the education of his children in the way which seems best to him," supposing that in all those destitixte places the parents are denomina- tionalists, each wishing his own sort of school? Ox, if iix the latter way, will this be " enabling every man to educate his children in the way which seems best to him," should themajority of the parents in those destitute places be' down-right League men ? , But Mr. Stuart saw this difficulty, and ixxxmediately rushed into another absurdity which proves that his system refutes itself. He added. " In small districts, in sparsely populated communities there may be only one system of school teaching, still, wherever there is a large population, as in Sydney, we have a special right to demand that we should be allowed to educate our i 10 moan- !> <'.:' »..«> ." t: children as we pleased." Now, liefe is an admission which gives up the whole argu ment, and a claim.made which has not got the shadow of a leg to stand on. One would imagine that if Denominational schools are of any special useoverthe Public ones it 'must be because of the religion taught in them. The Bishop's and Dean Oowper's ai'gument for Denominational schools is this — " they are opened by px-ayer, a special religious tone is main tained in them, and in. them the whole Bible is read." Well, if this be so, and if the Pixblic school system is essentially " irreligious and godless," surely these ecclesiastical gentlemen axxd their Parlia mentary, inexhber should say, that it was in the country, in small districts and sparsely peopled places the great blessing of Deriommational education would be pro vided, and, insisted upon, because in those places religion is very little attended to, and the clergymaix is very seldom seen or heard? But no — they say the very oppo site. They propose to give up those distant and unfavoured places to the godless and irreligious system, aixd insist upon the great blessing of Denominatioxxal schools being reserved for such places as Sydney, where every maxx has ample choice of churches and schools 1 We maintain that this gives up the whole case, and proves that it is not the religious education of the children which is at the bottom of the Denominational fervoxxr ; but the mainten ance of a certain prestige and power in Sydney and the large towns where schools and children are useful and necessaxy to that prestige and power. But nob more lame is Mr. Stuart in argument than he is wrong in his claim. He says, " In large places we have a special right to demand that we should be allowed to educate our children as we pleased." He has not one particle of " special right" in the city which the poorest citizen has not in the farthest off place in the country. The fact that in Sydney he has backing, and can organize committees and can make a noise does not give him a " special right" to demand any thing, which, is beyond what the poorest shepherd in the bush may demand. The tyranny and power of numbers do not make " special rights." The language therefore is utterly faulty ; and it is faulty . in a higher sense ; the imputation is, that he is hindered from educating his childi'en as he pleases ; now both he and the shepherd in the bash have the most perfect liberty to educate their children as they please: to demand this; and to have this ; but it is a preposterous begging of the question to say that either he, with all his backing of laigo populations, or the shepherd in the bush, has any right to Denominational schools maintained at the common expense of the country. We maintain that if there be any " special right " to the peculiar blessing of Denomi national schools, that right belongs to , people in the bush because of their circumstances ; but as Mr. . Stuart and his Bisliopgive these poor neglected districts up. to Godless education, the purple and fine- linened churches in such places as Sydney cannot pretend to have a' right at all 1 Mr. .Stuart . evidently felt that bin strange " demand " and "special r-ight" needed some postulates, and here he pro duces theni on the spur of the moment— " The Government of the country had no inherent right to educate the people of the country ; it was the duty of the parents to educate their children ; and he believed lxo parent would abandon this high religious duty, though he had to pay the sehcol fees." What does this mean ? If it mean that the Government, has' hb inherent right to give religious .education.' tb t'ie people, or to a. portion of the people nt the expense of the rest, we niuy admit it ; but if it means that : a Goyerrir' ..merit has no inherent right to give the wholo people at the whole people's expense what education is necessary, for them to unclei'stand the laws by which they are governed, and to exercise their privileges properly, we distinctly deny the doctrine of Mr. Stuart, ancl affirm that a Govern ment is bound to educate to this extent. But either way, what has the dictum to do with the question in hand? What lias it to do with " parents educating their children, and doing this high religious duty, even though they should have to pay fees ?" The confusion is manifest. Tli s League affirms'- that every parent hould religiously educate his children, and it. wishes every paiont so to do ; but surely this is an. entirely diffeiont question from that of the State supporting con flicting Denominational schools, and at the same time supporting Public schools which compete and conflict with them all ? We say, with energy equal to that of Mr. Stuart, and with far more reason and truth, ' Parents ought to have their civil and religions liberty ;" and "if they choose to educate their children in Denot$Jftftl tional schools, in God's name let thefit'd1 so ;" but in " God's name let them do scr-qt' their own expense," and " let no tyranny' of a sect, or of two sects, drive them from this great privilege which they enjoy." It is distinctly untrue that the Public Schools' Act, as at present existing, " laised a common platform where the people could send their children to be educated as they liked." So far from this, it raised two platforms, one which Denominationalists affirm is Godless, and another which they call Religious ; on the religious one there are five thousand children receiving no x-eligions instruction whatever; and on the Godless one there are nearly 60,000 childi'en receiving what Mi. Stuart's patrons call a Godless educa tion 1 Yet it is coolly said that these two form a common platform " where parents can send their children to be educated as they like 1" Such fallacies will pass only for a time. Sunday electioneering is something peculiarly Popish. In the old country it is on Sunday that the chief business is done. The pxlest is the Father confessor of liis people in politics as well as in everything else. He thinks for his people — lie devises — he arranges ; all that he wants the people to do is, to act, to vote, as lie, or "the church," may dictate to them. And, when the Father priest goes up to what Is called the altar, with his robes of office on, then it is not the father who speaks, but that awful " church " which commands and dictates as the absolute master and propiietor of the soul and con science — and vote of the people. It is the usual thing in the old country for the priest, after mass, to read the names cf the candidates who are to be voted for, and to deliver the instructions, that every vote which is available may be used. Not only so, but salutary wainings are given that if the instructions axe not faithfully followed, the consequences will be serious bitli in this life and in that which is to come. British law has tried to put this sort of priestly interference down ; but it is not possible, because it reaches the people and has entire mastery over them in more ways than one ; and how can it be followed, when it has the confessions and ..purgatory to lend them help in direct ing carnal votes ? In this colony Popeiy is not changed although its workings may not be always so obvious as in Ireland. The Sunday is a grand rallying day. What ever the Church intends — whatever it wants — whatever it desires — is made the subjectof special instructionand haranguing on the Sunday. The gospel is always " obey the church." Ancl hence the poor est man and the poorest woman has, after mass, specific commands which are to be remembered and obeyed without any ques tion, without any reason, on the one simple principle that the chief Catholic virtue is, to obey the church." Well, on this, principle, the people of the church were limited up last Sunday morning. About church time four men, in two pairs, were seen going about Woolloomooloo, with books containing lists of names, going into houses, and coming out of them, and tlxe conversation was ovei'heai'd, "Be there ; give your vote on the right' side." Who they were one could only judge from the style and tongue of the men, arid .from the people whose houses they , were honour ing with a call. Tliey were not ordinary canvassers ; they were either Guild nien, or men of some St. Mary's society, beating up for votes ; and denominational and religious education was beautifully illus trated in their Sunday profanation 1 What a blessed country this woulcl ' 'biri if such Denominational religion prevailed 1 ; / . Dr. Berwngiiam, the priest of Wagga, whose atrocious libels upon the Wesley an body, arei still fresh in the minds of our readers, has been doing a ;very Apostolic business, installing a Dr. O'Connor of that town, into the wonderful order of a " Knight of the golden spur." The " prisoner of the Vatican'' sent to the saicl Doctor a "blessed sword." Heisa very emi> nent " Christian indeed;" and because the prisoner of the Vatican, in his infallibility, has seen his very great merits, he not only has sent him a "real blessing," but a "blessed sword," that he may be a "knight" to fight the true battles, as the infatuated knights did of old when they arose ait the call of Pope or Iriar to rid J erusalem and the holy places of the presence of the Infidels 1 The effete bauble over which the priest gloried — the ridiculous and pedantic ceremony by which the absurdity was made "imposing" — and the truculent ovation by which there was made a call for the shedding of blood on behalf of Pius, and for the purpose of setting him up upon a throne ; — all was worthy of a oo who has a special dislike to "trophies ioMedeeming grace." Listen to one sen- tence from this priestly "sermon," in, which the Popish gospel is very fairly preached — use the sword and kill the heretics ;" — it is this : " Not one sword is . raised in defence of the wronged, robbed, , and dethroned Pontiff and Vicar of Christ; for the age of chivalry is gone and we have returned to Paganism in government and thought. Not one ship keeps watch by the shores of that lovely land wherein he is a prisoner ; but the heavenly guardians who awed an Attalia, and struck down the proudest captain of his age, to die like a chained eagle on,a rock in mid-ocean,, keep watch over liim." Of course, this means that Dr. Bermingliam thinks it a great hardship and disgrace that the age of. "chivalry is gone," ancl thinks it a re proach to the Morgans and O'Flarteys that they do not lift their " blessed and un blessed swords " to fill the streets of Rome and the towns of Europe with blood ; but . is not liis lament a piece of hypocrisy? Surely it must be much better to be watched and defended by " heavenly watchers" than even by "blessed swor'ds?" Pius IX. must be ineffably happy in having " heavenly guardians doing porter age and sentinelship for him ; and surely he must be well watched and kept if angels, be keeping him ; yet, though pretendedly boasting of this as a mighty privilege, here . he is saying, " I would rather see ten thousand Italians lying in the roadways of Rome with their throats cut, and the Pope on his throne, than see him " watched and blessedly kept " by heavenly angels ! The age of chivalry has gone ; no thanks to the priests. The age of common sense has come ; no thanks to the priests. Men may amuse themselves with blessed swords and golden spurs, and priests may make the occasion of investiture into the " ancient order " an occasion for ceremony and new Popish ties by which money may be extracted; these childish playthings may continue to please babies ; but the age of the practical and the useful has come; no thanks to the priests. But it is lamentable that the farce of sending and taking " blessed swords," and of swearing special fealty oaths to the Pope and the Papacy, should be called the " Christian religion." The whole thing is a shameful imposture ; but the real object is to make the power of that society more practically felt in Wagga Wagga than heretofore, which has for its motto, "Ad majoram Dei gloriam." We know that great ends sometimes come from small beginnings. For example a little spark may kindle a very great fire ;.and the Reformation began with the small rebellion of Luther disputing about inclulgencies. It must be on this prin ciple that the Popish papers of London are trying to set off the conversion, of the Marquis of Ripon as a great event, by tracing it to the small beginning of the Marquis wishing " to write a pamphlet on Freemasonry 1" . This is not all. The Marquis is said to have had a "long course of reading," "during sia-. months," on " the mysteries of the craft and on the pretensions of Rome respecting the craft : but that as he read the light dawned upon him ; and, without once consulting, directly or indirectly, bishop, priest, or anybody else, he came to the conclusion that he must' become a member of the Romish Church 1 Immediately, therefore, without consulting anybody, he set'out for London ; and, without knowing any of the "Fathers at the Oratory," he called there to see one of them, known (ply by name to him ; and then, without revealirig himself, he submits to an "ex amination of his religious knowledge, is conditionally baptized, and formally re ceived into the Catholic Church ;" and it is only when, after this, he Is asked his name, the whole Oratory is .surprised when, lie gives the answer — "The Marquis of Ripon 1" All this is truly marvellous — miraculous — with a certain dash of the dramatic and picturesque in it 1 But it does not commend itself. No doubt a. man may be seeking for iron and may- come upon gold. He may be gathering rags, and may find a diamond. But is it likely that the Grand Master of the Free masons, a Marquis, a gentleman of English education, would need a long course of reading to test the pretensions of Rome with respect to the craft, and that as he read, without consulting anybody, he would find such convincing proofs of the Scriptural character of the Church of Rome that he must, per necessitatem, renounce Protestantism and become a Romanist? It puts us in mind of the cogent reasons of the Duke of Brunswick foi' preferring Romanism to Protestantism. He gave fifty for his conversion, and pub lished them too, that all the world might see and wonder ; and here is the one which was held to be the strongest of all — " The Catholics to whom I spoke assured me that if I were to be damned for embracing the Catholic faith, they were ready to answer for me at the day of judgment, and to take my damnation -upon themselves — an assurance which I could never extort from any others ! " Of course not. Mb. W. Macleay has delivered his farewell address to his former constituents, and announced that he has now retired into private life. The one great service which he intimates he has rendered during bis twenty years legislation, is that of drawing up his famous "report" on the Kiama Ghost. It has made so deep an impression on his mind that it is the only thing which he can refer to as making illustrious his history. And, strange to say, so little impression has it made on the mind of anybody else, that Mr. Macleay .requires to reproduce it, and to deliver it in all the freshness of an event of yester day, in order that the public may feel regret at the great loss of his untimely retirement ! Such is the practical lament of all great patriots who do great things for the public. Their great services are soon forgotten ; and, unless they them selves write a book of their " speeches," tid memoriam rei eternam , or grave the facts in the rock with a pen of iron, or publish a farewell address, their actions and their sacrifices are speedily consigned to an undeserved oblivion ! It is well, therefore, that Mr. Macleay has chosen the latter course. It would be a pity that the public should altogether be without a memorial of so fruitful a history of twenty years legislation. We see that one enthusi astic Irishman has had his enthusiasm re kindled at the remembrance of the heroic deed in drawing up a report on the Kiaina Ghost. But he ought to remember too that the report was rejected. It cost the country a pretty penny : it set up a number of false principles which have been acted upon more or less since then ; and itdeepened the author's bitter feelings which have not mollified by the pogsni g of time : yet it was so important a service that we should not wonder if- Dr. Vaughan should order a "Sunday morning breakfast" as a farewell reunion, 'and i£ Mr. Curtis should undertake along with Mr. Hourigan, to aing a " Requiem in pace." The Kiama -Ghost is dead. But who killed it ? Mr. Macleay's report 1 No ; if Mr. Macleay's report had passed ghosts might have been found at Elizabeth Bay. 