I TOUTING THE TRAINING. I The North Melbourne Triennial Sweep' I stakes. I Sinco the date of my last contribution some I steady work has been done, an account of I which should have been given you somo days I since, but the fulfilment of a long promised I visit to Toorak muBt bo accepted as an I apology bv that portion of tho gentle public I who havo'been kept in a suspensivo state of I irritativo and expectant anxiety. Foremost I in order comes Councillor, late Alderman I out of Royal Artillery. This old favorite of I tho public has, during the last dozen years, I carried off all tho local events for which be I was entered, and bis baokers during that I period, knowing that he always ran on tho I sqnarc, resolved to support him for the higher prize for which ho is now in training. On tho occasion of his preliminary oantor the old horse, when the blankots were taken off him, laokod as full of vigor as he did ton years ago. Ho was put through his work, piloted by Tom Boilly, which is the ! best guarantee tbat could be given of the old horse honestly doing tho work for which he is to bo put in nomination. Tho porformnnco of the old horse was never very showy, though at all times reassuring to those who knew liis style, and never more so than on this occasion. Tho trial seemed to satisfy tho crowd, and tho old liorso now holds tho proud position of second favorite. Vixen had a quiet broather or two, but as I said beforo, will never pay up. Auctioneerhad onoortwopipe-oponcrs, but. though tho horso looks well enough to tho eye, ho is wanting in paoo and action. How ever, thoro is no telling what a fow moro weeks training may do, and tho thrco cen turies is a prizo well worth contending for. Orangeman had a long gallop in his own peculiar style at Hotham, on Tuesday last. This vicious animal camo out in his truo colors, aB may bo gathered from n report in tho local 'Tisor of Friday last. Tho display of bad temper and bad training will be found about halfway down tho third column of tho long cantor which ho was indulged in. Take my honest tip, my gentle readers, Oiaufo- man will never bo landed a winner, though schooled by a namesake of Soott, the far- famed English trainer, and ridden by Bill Clarke, the snorting bank manager at Hotham. Tho next liorso to strip was the favorite chesnut, Don J'uan, by Limerick Boy, out of Shannon. With ono universal move every glass was raised, and ono unanimous verdict pronounced him tho pink of porfeotion. "If John'L'ait over brought a horso to thopoBfc in such fettle," says a neighboring tout, " blow mo if I evor saw him." But why dwell upon the symmetry and outlines of the favorite, when his every lineament is familiar to my allotting readers ? His late lamonted namo- sako was never stripped in better form : and now to describo tho performance. Seemingly self- conscious of his prowess ho was perfectly self possessed, and when the woid wns given moved with all tho graeo and freedom of aotlon, which betokens good training and ensuros victory. Nover was trial more satis- factory. Motallicinns, who had laid long odds against him threo yoars ago, aro now amongst his warmest baokore, and tho uni versal verdict of tho puhlio after tho oantor of Wednesday last, gives tho assuranoo tbat Don Jnan will easily distauoo nil competitors, the old groy is to ho trotted out ooou (in hood 55d bandages), and will reoeivo due attention. Writ is still taking exercise, but the liancii- capping beforo referred to loaves him not the ghost of a olianoo. Prosent state of tho market 3 to 2 Don Juan Level monoy on Councillor 10 to 1 against Orangoman 100 to 1 asainst anv other. J. F. oOth Maroh, 