Tiie confidence reposed by the public in the ability and integrity of a certain body of men set apart for tlie conduct of its aggregated interests, is a compli ment of no mean consideration, and should be ' respected as such by each member of that body. It should be borne-- in mind that because the work tbey have to do is Government work, it is by no means a natural consequence that the work should be done in a slovenly manner, or that adhesion to ridiculous or obsolete rules should be maintained. Time progresses. The cir cumstances of to-day are altogether different 'froin those of a qiiarter of a century ago. Fresh- interests are de veloped or created, requiring suitable arrangements for their1 perfection and conduct,. Old systems are fouud- value less, and new ones are brought into use. To meet these changes our officials should bring to bear, all their powers, and so reward the pnblic confidence. High among the improvements of the present day is the existing method of book-keeping. . ' The laborious and un satisfactory system used .by our.fore fatbers has given place to -.the' 'almost' perfect double, .entry of modern .use, of which check and counter- check are the basis, the results being the prevention of error and detection of fraud. This sys tem requires strict attention to primary details, the. correctness of which being established, the rest follows in sequen tial order to the close of the transaction. In the public service such primary examination is of the utmost import-, ahce, and should be committed to none but men of tried capacity and known integrity. In the case of supplies of stores, it should first be ascertained without doubt that stoves are required ; next, that they are obtained at prices commensurate with their quality, then that the quantities are correctly sup plied by the contractor. Such caution (which is the rule in commercial houses) prevents waste of money, andtheaccnmu- , lation of useless goods, it also closes the door against fraud. Whether such cau tion is practised in our public depart ments we null not how question, but content ourselves with the remark that in every department similar care is de manded, whatsoever.. the nature of its operations may be, for iu the hands of. their chiefs is deposited, such a fund of trust that the mere shadow of.an irregu lai-ity should make them tremble. Following upon tbe purchase and distribution of stores, comes the., pro- . cess of recording1 these transactions, which process must of necessity take the form of debit and credit ; and hence ? commences book-keeping ; and it was for the purpose of examining into the working., of the present' system, and of suggesting^' if found necessary, such changes as might at the same time exemplify the duty, and secure accuracy, that . a Commission was appointed by. Parliament last year. This Commission has done its work, and lias favored the public with a report, a copy of which was furnished to readers in tbe Telegraph of tbe 9th instant. 'We may be assured tbe task al-. lotted to the Commissioners was no easy one, and in their progress tbey must have found many ancient cobwebs clinging to their fingers, many grandmother's knots of red- tapeism torturing their nails, and many a clqud of official dust to irritate their eyes and noses. Indeed it is almost a wonder they come so well through their troubles, and let ub hope they are no whit the worse, for their adventure. Among' the suggestions offered, as a result of their investigations, the Com missioners think that it would he * advisable ' that the Auditor-General be. relieved«of the duty and responsibility of keeping detailed accounts/'&c.;,' and ' that tbe Treasury keep the, public accounts as summarised iu .the estimates or otherwise ; the detailed accounts to i be kept in the several departmental offices responsible for the expenditure,' i and also ' That a general system' of . audit after payment , .be - adopted;' Tbe shot at the Auditor- General con tained in part of the above sugges tions — though it does not kill him outright, at any rate,, makes him wince ; for he raises his voice and utters a moan at the idea of the public treasury' sub- ; mitting an account of annual expendi ture to Parliament instead of himself, and opines 'that the present very effective means of discovering error or fraud furnished by the apcounts above referred to, is to be sacrificed to a desire to curtail the powers of the Audit Office.' Boublloss .lie is well satisfied -with his 'methbdv.of discovering error ? or fraud; and a good (thing it is to be able. to do .this where either terror or fraud exists.;- .but'-:tlio public--.. do not.' so much desire the . detection of. ifa'ult , as its prevention. We have heard ' that the Audit Office ? ia ? .hard., worked, and we believe it; .so that in ease ? the ? same facilities 'for ' dis ..coyeriug. .error. or fraud'.: are . provided in tbb /Treasury method -of prepnring accounts, we 'are * of : opinion that Mr. DA'nyATj/'sliould.cohgrtatuiate his office upon getting rid of' a troublesome task; instead of raising an objection ; 'but heads of departments' ar:C!true blue, and 'will hold to cobwebs, red tripe, and dust, to ' the ' last. With reference /to': that part of liis objection where lie' speaks of the curtailment of the powers of the Audit Office, we think' the Com missioner's reply admirable and to the purpose. 'The duty 'of ; keeping ac counts is a function altogether separate and distinct froin that of auditing tbe same, and to combine the two in one office and under one ' bead, is , wrong in principle, and open to grave objec tions in actual practice.' ' A division of. labor in. this matter is desirable, and we are of opinion, would be of great ultimate gain to the colony,' two- heads (if sound and educated ones) being assuredly,' better -than one, as the one acts as. a constant check upon any pos sible vagaries of the other. Our opinion respecting public offices is, that the operations of each should be untrammelled by any visible depen dence upon any other; tbe business .of each should be complete iu itself ; its heacl^ should be in a position to give a positive yes or no to any proposition made to him, and that yes or no should' be conclusive/ The treasury, as its banker and aware of the' state of tlie fund .appropriated to any de partment should ' countersign or otherwise 'Sanction cheques or drafts given ou account of that de partment ; an able accountant should also be appointed to each department , by the Treasury, whose duty. it should bo to keep the department's financial records, and to account daily to . tho Treasury for all its receipts and dis bursements, sho wing at the same time his balances, which .should agree with the' amount against liis- department in the' Treasury books. The other clerks in the department should be selected for their ability, integrity, and general sense of honor, aud not be placed in it simply because it is the wish of some influential supporter of Government, and without regard' to his capability for the perform ance of his duties.. As au imperfect machine cau never bo' made to produce satisfactory, results, so 110 unqualified official cau bo found to perform satis factorily the duties of his office, hut' must be an obstruction ; aud Ins exist ence in an office where intelligence is desired, must be au anomaly and a dis grace to an enlightened administration. Thus managed, we think Mr. Dahyam would have little to fear on the score of undetected fraud or error. The Auditor-General rated the com- ; missione'rs soundly .onVthe subject of .- 'their suggestion ' that a general sys tem of audit after payment bo adopted,' and raised tlie ghost of th'e 'c'asli credit system in such a- guise as would have made other men tremble ; but what care they for a ' condemned ' system or an ' abandoned ' system ? TluSl is not tbe question, they'may wellsay, for audit after payment does- not involve a return to cash credit, payments. Mr. P.akvalp, however, , we, think, lias considerably the best of this. argument,1, since prevention is ; better - than ! cure; ; an account .' fairly checked and audited may be fairly paid/ and, there can 'be no question as to the amount of 'deliberate considera-t jtion on the part of tbe Executive' wlpch it will have received. It is true . that iriu'eh' time' might be saved by adopt-, ing the commissioners' suggestion, but ' it is also' puie that iuucli money might be lost, ? and great opprobrium fall to the share of a, department if any payment were- found to have been made in errpr,j!f. or in' excess of - the amouut appropriated to the use of . that department. ' To .;look before -you leap is a safe maxim, and is as-applicable to the disbursement of public funds as ? to the fox-hunter's . career across^ country. : Wisdom should guide speed ; it loses its ; character if it be over-ridden by it. Certaiiily the thanks of all Queens landors are due to tbe Commissioners, if only for suggesting the discontinuance of the ridiculous and most unbusiness like custom of requiring stamped re ceipts for money months before such money is forthcoming. This custom, must have struck many a new arrival with' amazement; and have given him a qiieer idea of our character as a business com munity., . But we will, not limit our. thanks .to this .blessing. The ' majo-; rity of tbe suggestions of the- Com-' missioners are eminently practical and well-judged, and .'if adopted, tbey would do much towards removing the cobwebs, entanglements of red tape, and official dust, so-' long and so much complained ' of here as in all other parts of the world where a Government office exists. Fassifekn Electoiiate. — Tho' Queensland \ Times says in l'ofercnco to tho enndidaturo of Mi1. John Thorn for this electorate :— ' We iiro very, glad' that' h'e' has boon induced' to como ' .forward, as we b'eliovo that ho wiUmakoA good ? member ; und from his popularity -with tho fur mors it is moBt likely- that ho will havo a walk ' over, for no-one olso would havo the .smallest chance against him.' ^ ' Tub English Mechanic says that] a now method of making sugar, eqnul to the produce, of tho cano, has been invented by M. Jonglet, a . , French, engineer. Tho calculated cost is about a farthing per pound. A company is sdid ,to have given £48,000 for tho patent, and 'are . nhoutto produco.tliis sugar on a largo scalo... Tho Mechanic ? does ! not put much, foith1 id d' process for ranking sugarso cheaply-; 