rOUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. . '=.1 .-.':«/ -Mi O .?-???.:. '-., . :-;?-( ??-? v. : ;-^.;. . . £Frpm,-6ur bwnKJorrespondeint.l - -'.,' '.. '.''...' London, October 2, 1674. The Prince of Wales is now away enjoying a little rest with his wife and family in Denmark, amongst -the kith and kin of his beloved Alexandra — or to speak more accurately, he has gone to Stockholm, to take a turn, sit elk-' shooting with the Swedish Princes. Dturing his absence from England the position of His Boyal Highness has been a good deal canvassed. On the one side we hare been informed that the -Heir Apparent is £100,600 in debt, that. Her MaiftHtv has met the linhilifcv t\r that, +lin Government will have to apply to Pailiameut for a considerable grant ; on the other, that he is pecuniarily all right, and that Her Majesty has not had to dip her hand into the Privy Parse. Rumors of one sort or; another have been so prevalent on the snbject, that the Times of yesterday made) what may be accepted as a.semi-. official statement. The leading journal says ;— No such laxity in the administration of the Prince's affairs is possible as could afford any substantial basis for ? the rumors which ? are abroad. The income of the Prince of Wales, is derived from t.he annual grant made under -the authority: of Parliament and iiom the revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall. These have hitherto sufficed for. the maintenance of the Prince's establishment, notwithstanding the expenses which he has incurred by having, from -the time he came of age, largely represented the Sovereignty of England. At the present time the unpaid claims before his Royal Highness's. Controller amount to little more than a third of the Prince's annual income, and, with the exception of one or two accounts unsettled from peculiar circumstances, there is at present no bill on the list of more than one year's standing. The payments are periodically audited by Sir William Anderson. They are regulated by the balances in the banker's hands, and the balances on this 1st of October will-be more than sufficient to meet every claim on' the Prince. This being the case, it need not be. said that the rumors of serious debt and embarrassment have no substantial basis. They have arisen from misapprehension of the real facts, and these it may be as well to state. At the same time it is admitted that the cast of the Prince's establishment - are very heavy and beyond the yield of his income. He has had to represent Royalty in foreign Courts for many years past, and could sot do so with un worthy parsimony, and the maintenance of his position at home has also been very onerous. The position in London society of the occupants of Marlborough House need not be dwelt upon. To meet all these calls the Prince has an income which, at the time of ics settlement, was estimated at £100,000 a year. As was re marked by the late Lord Derby, this is an income exceeded by the revenues of many private Peers. Still more so is this the case now, when some of our lead ing nobles have been heaping up money for years past from coal and iron, houses and docks. The nearly fixed income of the Prince of Wales cannot enter into competition with the enormous wealth possessed by the highest section of English society. But though the ex penditure of the Prince has exceeded his in come, the excess has been provided from funds which legitimately belong to the Prince of Wales, and are, in fact, his private property. During his minoiity the revenues derived from the Duchy of Cornwall, carefully administered under the supervision of the late Prince Con sort, were allowed to accumulate. Large sums out of this fund were laid but' on the purchase of a pleasant, but not very profitable, demesne, and on making those alterations and improve ments which are commonly incidental to the purchase of an estate. It must be remem bered that the Prince had at once to assume the mode of life customary with an English nobleman, while having to provide out of his own resources the whole apparatus with which an ordinary English country gentleman finds himself on starting in life providad by the care and at the cost of those who have represented the family and the estate before him, Never theless, there still remains enough from the Duchy of Cornwall accumulations to cover the yearly deficit of the Prince's es tablishment. The Trustees sell out stock to the amount required to pay the .claims on the establishment, which is thus kept clear of debt, except in respect to such recent accounts as those we 'have already mentioned. From £10,000 to £20,000 has been annuilly required for this purpose. The Prince has thus hitherto relied ou his own means, aad though, no doubt, it is a misfortune to be living on capital, still this is a very different state of things from that which the popular rumors re present. A time may come when this resource will be exhausted, but the Prince has too proud a sense of bis own position, and the relation in which he stands to Her Majesty and to the country, to seek of either a release from liabilities which, he has incurred on his own responsibility, however inseparable these may be from the duties he is called upon to perform. This authoritative statement may be regarded either as a simple means of .'denying unfounded reports, or as a feeler. But it is hardly pos sible that an early application to Parliament cap be contemplated, for such a course would raise unpleasant questions, and tend to impair the popularity of the Sovereign. It would at once be urged that if the Prince has incurred heavy pecuniary liabilities in discharging by deputy the responsibilities of the Crown, the Crown ought to bear this extra coat. And then would arise delicate questions as to the income and prudential . savings of Her Majesty, about; which the public have at present no authentic information. It may be that these accumulations in the hands of the Queen have been large ; or they may be unimportant. £300,000 odd is not a large Civil List for the Sovereign of these realms, in these days of inflated expenditure. At the same time Parliament has made a reasonable provision for each of Her Majesty's children, except the Princess Beatrice, which would, of course, furnish a cogent reason for some help, if needed, being afforded to the Prince of Wales out of the Royal patrimony, especially as the cost of the Royal household, under present circumstances, cannot be very heavy, and no great sums are expended in maintaining the splendor of the Throne. Of these children, the most amply provided for is the Duke of Edinburgh, whose alliance with a Russian Princess brought a splendid dowry. His Royal Highness is not idle. After a short rest in Scotland, where himself and the Duchess have been on a visit to the Qaeen, the Duke has gona to Liverpool, where he has been attending the musical festival, receiving loyal addresses, and opening a Seamen's Orphan Asylum, after having been engaged in a similar public work in the City of Aberdeen. His Royal Highness has the knack of ingratiating himself in popular favor, and a speech he made the other day in connection with the merchant seamen's service shows that he has an eye for practical improvements, and has greatly pro fited by the information gathered as a. member of the Unseaworthy Ships Commission. The general antipathy to Romanism has been strengthened by the announcement that the Marquis of Ripou has gone over to the Church of Rome. The fact came out, in consequence of the necessity of bis resignation of the post of Grand Master of the English Lodge «f Free masons—these Associations being placed under theBame ban by the Vatican as Secret Societies in general. ' In that position His Lordship is succeeded by the Prince of Wales. This seces sion has given rise to a good deal of comment. The Marquis of Bute was a greater landholder, but he was not a . politician, nor had he 'ever filled any political bffi'ae.' The reason why the secession of the Marquis of Ripon has so dis turbed the minds of a certain class of writers, is that it seems to involve the withdrawal of a statesman from future public life. While I do not think that, in. this case, such with drawal will be felt to be a calamity, or that it will have the smallest influence upon English politics, one must recognise the soundness of the inference. The English people have an in. stinctive distrust of Roman Catholic. poHtl Jolans, andia 'Gorernment ' probatily oottl&^ior' some time' to o»m«y afford to givtf Lord* Ripon an :*ffioe. 'equal to 4hfttr-whichoke jbjBlcl iod«r Mr. Gladstone's Administration, viz,,, President of the Council. The reason is thai Roman Catholics are supposed to be Qefiolerit in patri otic feelings j or, in either words, that their con sciences tare -under the -control of i an unscru pulous spiritual despotism which iwould sacrifice the best interests of any. country for the sake of increased Muerarchical power; L The maxim ' A Roman Catholic first, Sudan Englishman afterwards '- is distasteful to -our national feel ing. It seems that neither I&dy; Bipon nor her children have followed . their husband or noble father, who is said to have taken refuge in Romanism from the distractions produced by an examination of modern scientific theories. During the month; the -Old Catholics have been 'holding their annual Conference at; Freit burg in the Grand Duchy of Baden. The proceedings were not of much public in terest; A ?oonsiderable 'numerical increase .was reported, but ? not- such as gives the movement the character, of a. Hew Reformation. In fact, public interest in Ger many is far more absorbed, 'in the struggle with the Roman Catholic Bishops than with the mission -work of Bishop Reinkfcns and; MM. Ohulti and :Huber. Professor Dollinger Was not present, but a few days 'subsequently there was, at his- invitation, a conference of leading members of the Evangelical, Greek, Anglican,; and Old Catholic Churches, to discuss their chief differences, and agree on some formula, if not exactly of union, yet: of communion. The discussion seems to have been rather strange. The three Churches — the chief Anglican repre-; sentatives were Canon Liddon, Dean Howson, and the Bishop of Winchester (Dr. Harold Browne) — managed to come to a sort of a con cordat abont the peculiar doctrine of* the Greek Church, which refers the Procession of the Holy Ghost to the Father only ; but they made the repudiation of the Virgin Mary's Immacu late Conception a sine qua non ot the;peace. Cannon Liddon objected to insisting on this repudiation, remarking that though he quite disbelieved it himself, he thought it sufficient to aay that such .a doctrine was not an essential part of an orthodox creed. But the old Catholics insisted that there should be a definite repudia tioa of it, as a mode of rebuking Papal falsehood; These discussions, it has been remarked, seem to throw us back 15 centuries— to the days' when, as Gibbon says in his famous sneer, the Christian world was convulsed about a diph thong, and there is a good deal of force in the remarks of the Daily Telegraph relative to the Bonn Assembly: — The Bishop of Winchester and Canon Liddon have no dealings with those Samaritans of Dissent who dwell in their* own neighborhood. Baptists, Independents, Presbyterians, and Methodists all lie outside the pale, because they have rf jsdted the Apostolical grace of episcopacy. They* are schismatics on whom it were a wate of time to spend a thought. The Bishop of Winchester and Dr. Liddon are much more ' anxious to enter into fellowship with the Greek Church and the Old Catholics. It is true that the Greek Church is one of the most superstitious and corrupt in Europe, and that It lacks the grand history which partially, redeems the errors of the Latin Church. It is eaually true that the Old Catholics have quarrelled with Rome about doctrines of merely secend rate importance, and that they are separated by a spanless abyss from the Protestant Churches. Still the holder of a bishopric which ranks with Durham, and also one of the most eloquent, preachers in the English Ghurch, testify their attachment to an Establishment which is Pro testant if it is anything, by abandoning the Dissenters of England to their fate, and seeking for union- with Gb.vuob.es to which the yery name of Protestantism is accursed. That is the only serious fact connected with the debates at Bonn, and it merits the notice of the English people. It will show whither some of their spiritual guides would lead them. Meanwhile the warfare between the Prussian Government and the Romish priests and clergy goes on, and the form has been greatly strengthened by the rash manifesto of Bishop Kelleter, of Mayence, who advised his fellow Catholics to take no part in the national cele brations of the anniversary of Sedan, which provoked an outburst of national feeling throughout Germany. The Falk Laws are being unspairly enforced. Another Bishop. Dr. Martin, of Paderborn, described as a 'noisy, violent prelate,' has been condemned to imprisonment, and in Coblentz alone 16 priests are imprisoned. The natural sympathy which would be felt for these victims of Prussian proscription is a good deal diminished by the fact, recently reasserted by an eminent Wurtemburg statesman, that the late eccle siastical legislation in Prussia is sub stantially identical with regulations ; to which in Wurtemburg and other States the Roman Catholic clergy have offered no opposition. In several respects, indeed, the Prussian laws are less stringent than those of Wurtemberg. Prince Bismarck is therefore opposed by the Romish priests, acting under in structions from the Vatican, on grounds of ex pediency, and not of principle. An Ultramon tane paper having hinted that the Prussian Government were getting tired of the straggle with the Catholic priesthood, the Berlin semi official Provincial Correspondence, in. reply, remarks that, whenever consistent; with their duty and responsibility, the Go vernment will show consideration : for Catholic communities and- their . interests. Indeed, they have throughout the con test exhibited more regard for their Catholic subjects than the bishops and priestB, whose defiant attitude tends to the destruction of ecclesiastical organization. They always ex pected that the enforcement of the Falk Laws would be gradual, and require . considerable time ; but by taking step atter step, they are confident ultimately of overcoming aU resist ance. A telegram from Posen says the Catholic priest Kubeczaok, of Xions, who was excom municatedby the Vicar of the diocese of Posen, Herr Bzezaiewski, has addressed a. memorial- to the Cathedral Chapter protesting against the measure, and declaring it null and void, on the. ground that excommunication can only be pronounced by the Pope or a Bishop. Herr Kubeczack announces at the same time that he intends taking legal proceedings against Herr BzezniewskL A declaration of - the Catholics of the Grand Duchy of Hesse .has been published, in which it is stated that the agitation against the acceptance of the New Hessian Ecclesiastic*! Bill will give rise to an opposition similar to that in Prussia against the May laws. The straggle between Chjarch and State has extended to Croatia. The priests have at present an almost unlimited iniaence over elementary schools, but the Provisional Govenment has submitted to the. Landtag a measure which will materially abridge that in fluence. Archbishop Michailovie and : the Ultram.ontane8 are offering a desperate re sistance, but the Liberals having a majority in the Landtag, the Bill w ill certainly be carried. In France the Republican cause is looking up, and Marshal MacMahon seems to have been so far impressed with the new aspect of things, that in his recent tour in the North he referred to the necessity of calling to his counsels the moderate men of all parties. The result of the election for the Department Matine-et-Loire has naturally created a great impression. On the 13th there were three candidates who went to the poll — a Republican, M. Maille, .a Septen rialist, M. Bruas, and an Imperialist, M. Bergeiy and came out in the order in which : we' havi named them, with the following' -votes i— M. Maille, 45,287; M. Bruas,. 26,075 -;i M. Berger, 25 420. M. Maille : not having an absolute majority, of .the votes- giyen, '.a second .ballot became necessary. '. Meanwhile M. Berger retired, and a temporary alliance sprung up .between the Government and! the Bonapartists, and it was decided,, for & .con sideration, to recommend all the Imperialists to vote,. for Bruas. But all to no purpose. On Sunday last the Republican obtained 51.515 votes, and the Government candidate, 47.728. What the Conservatives lost during the fortnight which had elapsed between the two elections the Republicans gained, and this in spite of all the efforts of the Administration,' It U . true that only » J?wtt»n fit the ImperUlUt p*W8lbo«utl4,tB8'wIhmoo with tna idhirema of th» 8fepte»o*t«, ^g tfai Qpyfefnortatj iap. porter* ixemt -opia(on Ab*i'maAio -Sonloi rtiats actually voted for M, Mailltfr 3Jh*f aUo iay that the oonduotot tho groat Legitimist land holder* was reprelwMlble iu fh« extreme ? tblt they exercised Intimidation on their tenants and 'servants, and swore ' th»t 'dismissal would follow ion aay attempt to- vote, for M. Bruaa. ; The. consequence is that .the Septpnnate, ^candidate, ?upoumbed. This i« a heavy ' blow , £o the Septenuate), and. will,' perhaps; nj».ve- important results?- There are stul eleven vaoaaoiB* in the'Naft6fcal As sembly, but only three of: them arfllibe-nlled up during the present Month. ? ? (gu(i , #ther; events are helping the Kepublipan cause.; Its Jeaders are showing a moderation 'ana ability which, are well u adapted to' conciliate pubirc- opinion. In this spirit M. Gambetta has issued a very tqllingmanifesto, reo»mmend-- ing fcjgfiagy to take'afe sjfltlyjB part jecerywhere in. the forthcoming elections fto the' CouhcUs GeneraT s and. it' is ^remarkable that the Mar quis €e Noailles, who' is the French Minister i*£ Italy, and-a candidate for 'one of these {local jboards; saya' in hu address that --nly by the nnlon of the Moderate jme'a /quoting the lan guage of President MacMahon) ' can ; be Esta blished that definitive Republic which, will' give security and peace. M.' Thiers, 'generally so -reticent, has also thought .proDer.-3 to'; break silence. The veteran statesman on liis way to Italy stopped at Grenoble, where,:in'Teply to an address, he made an important speech!, re viewing tHe' principal events of Ma jadministra- tion, and showing what he had 'been' able to accomplish' for his -country in settling! the terms of peace, crushing the Paris insurrection, restoring French credit, and getting : rid oi the 'Germans.- When, after the Assembly had re-, fused to vote the Constitutional Laws which he thought necessary— not to force the Republic upon either the -Assembly or the- country,' but to provide for the essential working of ^the ex isting Government — he at once .gave up the trust he had received. He might have resisted and insisted on regaining power as long as the Assembly, by virtue of ' the . Rivet law, which was just as good aa the law ot No vember 20. But as- he did ^ot believe a Monarchical Ministry would' succeed, he. re signed without regret, feeling he had well served his country. They have upset : a Go vernment (said M. Thiers) which. made pease, restored order,1 credit, finance; and' the army, precisely because it would not lend itself to the monarchy. Well, have they, restored this monarchy ? Eighteen months have sped away. They have had a majority and .the public forces, but they have not done* it. They have only wasted time, weakened us In the eyes of Europe, and1 not left us the appearance, let alone the reality, of a firm decided policy knowing its own mind. As to .the opinion of Europe, I, knowing .Europe well, affirm that ft a is not the Europe ' of 1815. She is pacific, reasonable, and In. her, own interest she hopes for the rehabilitation-' of France, does not desire to meddle with bur affairs, and kaows our difficulties and impossibilities.' ; M. Thiers wound up his speech by giving this pithy advice—' Since you cannot establish the Monarchy, establish the - Republic, and do It frankly and sincerely'— words which at the present moment will not fail to produce a great impression. ? -- - ? ! ' ' (To be concluded in our nextj 