Reminiscences. By an Old Colonist. [Concluded from the Sydney Mail, December 27, 1873.] BEING A SERIES OF AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL NOTICES WRITTEN BY THE LATE MR. ALEXANDER BERRY WHEN HE WAS UPWARDS OF NINETY YEARS OF AGE. Chapter IV. Battle of Kororarika — Defeat of the Natives — Resumption of Friendly Relations — Faithful Conduct of the Chief Tupé — Deserters their Punishment — Perilous Excursion into the Land of the Enemy — Escape from Death and Danger— The Devil in the watch— Visit to the Friendly Islands, Tongatabu and Namuka — Reminiscences of Captain Cook — Tricks of Trade — Explorations in Namuka, one of the Habais — The great Navigator again — Taomal wants to go with his White Friend—City of Edinburgh sails away from the Habais for Fiji. At that time there were two cannons on the beach, but they were not placed in working order ; and as I came out of my hut, I called on the officer who had charge of the camp (a 'cute Yankee), and asked if these guns were loaded ? He said that they were not, and that they had no cartridges made. Had he any gunpowder?' ' Yes,' he had plenty. ' Why then,' I asked him, ' did you not make cartridges ? ' His excuse was, that he had not been supplied with any cartridge paper. I immediately ran back into my hut, seized my stockings, and converted them into cartridges, which were afterwards found to answer extremely well. During this interval, the hostile fleet had been collecting into one body, and they now began to move forward toward the camp. I had never fired off a big gun before, but I made shift to act as a gunner on this occasion. I took the best aim that I could, but the shot struck the water before it reached the canoes, and rebounding, rose again a little further away. At the very first discharge, there seemed to be some confusion in the fleet, and numbers of men were seen swimming in the water, and several of the canoes were capsized. I aimed with the second gun a little higher, and the ball west slap over their heads. The effect was electrical, for the whole fleet took to flight. There were two boats on the beach, and of these I at once availed myself. They were launched in an instant, filled with men with muskets, and dispatched against the foe. The hostile armament had retired beyond Kororarika Point to hold a council of war. As soon as the men in the boats came in sight of the canoes they began to blaze away, and thereupon the Maori warriors threw themselves into the water and swam ashore. My men immediately took possession of the canoes, and towed them into the bay, where all were hauled up high and dry, beyond the reach of the tide. I looked about me and saw that there were many more natives on the beach than usual, and I thought, and still believe, that if the canoes had been successful many of them would have joined those who came to attack us. I think so because, after all the enemy had disappeared, one of the Maories — a grim old warrior — rose and addressed me thus : — " You have conquered Waraki." Wariki was the commander of the fleet of canoes. He was the chief of " Waitangi," Anglice, the Waterfall. I had never seen this chief. But Metatau, the native I had brought from Sydney, was in command of some of the canoes belonging to Tippuna. As I have already stated, Tupé had left me early in the morning; and on his way home he looked back and saw the canoes. He immediately returned to the ship, gave them warning of their danger, and went on board to assist in defending the ship. The vessel was then hove out, and lying on her broadside. Some weeks after, Motara paid me a visit. He pretended to be very innocent of the attack upon me, and said that two of his father's canoes, having been stolen by the bad people, were then in my possession, and he therefore begged that I would return them. I did not believe one word that he said, but I felt really sorry to see him so much altered, and suffering from bronchitis. I gave him back the canoes, and he died shortly afterwaids. Soon afterwards others came with the same fictitious tale, but I always returned the canoes. This may appear very injudicious, but I con sidered that they were so cowed by their abortive attack that there was little danger of their making any similar attempt ; besides which I was well aware that the construction of these canoes was an affair of great labour to these poor savages, and of great importance to them for the purpose of fishing ; and further, that I was an intruder on their country for my own per sonal advantage. Some time subsequent to this, about ten or a dozen of my crew— all Sydney men — came to me one day and demanded that I should increase their rations during the remainder of my stay in New Zealand. I told them that their demand was perfectly un- reasonable, and that I would not comply with it. " In that case," said the ringleader, " we will do no more work." "If you act in this manner," I replied, "I will stop your rations altogether." The ring leader rejoined that they would " support themselves by fishing, and get other food from the natives." And thus we parted. Two or three days after — whilst I was standing on the beach, in conversation with Tupé and the captain — the ringleader passed in front of us in a state of bravado. Having gone past us, he launched a canoe which was lying on the beach, and began to fish. Tupé looked at him, and then launched another canoe, paddled to him, and ordered him to take the canoe ashore. The man refused, and Tupé said, " If you don't go ashore instantly, I shall capsize the canoe, and leave you to swim for your life." The fellow went ashore, meekly enough, and the captain and I went to the spot where they both landed. Tupé addressed the man to this effect: — "You and your comrades are bad men, and disobey your officers, but I shall not countenance any such doings in New Zealand. I will neither allow you to fish in any of my canoes, nor will I permit any of my people to give you any food." At the commencement of this outbreak the captain everhauled all the firearms, and accidentally exploded some gunpowder, which scorched him severely. He was therefore irritable and cross. " The man I have been alluding to said something to him, and the cap tain turned upon him very angrily, and stopped him at once. I interfered and said, " Allow the man to speak ; I wish to hear what he says. Perhaps he is I not so bad as you think he is." The man said, "Sir, I am glad to hear you say so, and will convince you that what you say is true. I will return to my duty, and will prevail upon my comrades to do the same. Thus this mutinous strike was quashed — mainly through the fidelity of Tupé. Some time after this last affair was settled, I was informed one morning that the two sentinels who guarded the encampment had deserted with their muskets, bang, of course, decoyed away by the chiefs. I immediately dispatched two boats with an officer in each, their instructions bong to bring Tip- pahee and Waraki (the quondam commander of the fleet which had attacked me) to my camp. They arrived about breakfast time, and I invited them both to breakfast. After breakfast I entered upon the business of the day. I complained to these two chiefs that some of their subordinates had decoyed my two sentinels away, and that if they were not brought back to me I would take both of them away to England, and would deliver them both to King George Tupé and Tarra attended the meeting, and both were taciturn—never saying a word. At last Tupé said "Will you take Tupé and Tarra with you to England, as well as the other chiefs ?" Now I was quite sure that Tupé must know prefectly well that I did not suspect him, and I thought he was fishing for a compliment. I therefore gave him an ambiguous response — that if I took all the chiefs of the Bay of Islands to England, I would take Tupé and Tarra also. Tupé replied: "That may be European custom, but it is not New Zealand custom. The New Zealanders never punish their friends because their enemies have injured them." He then said : 'Give me three days' liberty, and I pledge myself to bring in the two men. And even if I do not succeed in recovering the men, I shall return at the end of three days, and you may do with me with you please." The venerable Tarra then arose and thus addressed me. "Tupè has spoken well ; do what Tupé says ; I know that Tupé will keep his word. Tarra will remain in the camp as security for Tupé ; and if Tupé does not keep his promise, kill Tarra." I was much vexed at my foolish joke being taken thus seriously, but I merely said—"I accept Tupé's proposal, and have no doubt but that he will keep his word." Neither of the other chiefs said a word, but looked very gloomy. They considered themselves my prisoners, but I kept them under no restraint, and they always had their meals at my table. I thought that Commodore Warriki seemed unwell and inquired into his case. He said that a demon had entered into his body and was gnawing his entrails. I told him that I would give him something to expel the demon if he liked to take it. He said that he wished it very much. I gave him a few small doses of calomel, whereby the demoa was effectually expelled.* Tupé returned, before the expiry of the three days, with the two deserters in custody, and both in hempen handcuffs. One of them was a native of Tahiti, and the other an Irishman, of the name of McEwers, who was rather a favourite. I was puzzled what punishment to give to the deserters, but ultimately sentenced the Irishman to receive twelve lashes, to be laid on by the Tahiti man, who laid it on so lightly that a schoolboy might have received it without wincing. After it was over, the Irishman turned round and said : "I am much obliged to you for being so lenient with me ; I have acted like a fool, and deserved a much greater punishment." I was much pleased with having got out of this dilemma, and there was a féte at night, in which all the Maories joined. Amongst other things a mock English duel was fought with pistols, when Tupé expressed his abhorrence of such a barbarous practice. Then they showed a dramatic Maori fight. One man was slain, and all his party fled, the victors making torches of the old tarred canvas of the ship, and singing a song of victory, In the meantime the little boys prepared the body for roasting, and after wards pretended to cut it up with shells, and said : " Who will have a piece ?" When the hymn was ended, the chiefs looked round, and saw that the little boys had let the cat out of the bag. The chiefs were much ashamed, and immediately that the féte was at an end, they left and hid themselves in the dark. The case was this — the chiefs had tried to persuade me that they were no longer cannibals, and had now as much abhorrence of the practice as any European. I sent home the two chiefs next morning. A few days before the ship was ready to leave New Zealand, an old Maori lady called upon me. She said that her husband had been a great chief, but was dead ; and that she was now a poor widow, having a son (a little boy about six years old) whom she was unable to bring up properly, and of whom she wished me to take charge. He was a smart little fellow, and his name was Taranui. I looked at him, and asked if he was willing to go ; and his reply was, " I wish it very much." There was a tailor on board, and I ordered the man to make a suit of clothes for this Taranui. He became a handy waiter at table, and a great favourite with every one. Some days after, as I was now idle, I went to Waitangi. the nominal residence of Commodore Waraki, for the purpose of shooting ducks. I took my fowling-piece, and gave two muskets to the boy Taranui, who considering himself as my page, had asked to accompany me. I found neither houses nor cultivation nor any signs of inhabitants, and the country was wholly unincumbered with trees. I left the men at the boat, and walked along the banks of the river tor some distance. At last Taranui said, " Come back, this place is dangerous and he would go no farther. I told him to stop where he was, and that I would go alone as I wanted to see the country. " Oh don't," says he, " the place is not good.: But I went on, wandering along the banks of the river for upwards of three miles, when I found myself at the foot of a low conical hill. Suddenly a smoke arose at the other side of the hill. I looked behind me, and was much surprised to find that I had wandered so far from my men. With some hesitation I mounted the hill, and then I saw before me about twenty or thirty men with fires, but no houses. They did not see me for two or three minutes. One of them at length saw me, and pointed me out to others. The men then all started up, seized their spears, and ad vanced towards me. I immediately descended the hill and trotted away homewards. On reaching the foot of the hill I looked back, and saw them all running down the hill. I now paw that my life de pended on my legs, and I ran as fast as I could. After a little time I felt breathless and looked back, and I was happy to see that they had not gained ground upon me. I therefore determined not to run so fast for fear of breaking down. After some time I again got breathless, and looking back again I saw that they were following at a considerable distance from one another. The battle of the Horatii and the Curiatii occurred to me, and I made up my mind that if any one reached me I would turn round and shoot him with my musket, and then charge the gun when running. I felt assured that they would be as ex hausted as I was, and I therefore trotted away more gently. I became again very breathless and looked backwards, and this time I saw none pf my pursuers — from which I concluded that they had all broken down. Soon after I saw little Taranui standing in the same place where I had left him. I told him to find my men and tell than to come instantly ; and the two men with their muskets soon appeared, accom panied by two or three natives. I told than how I had been hunted, and that I was determined to over haul the hostile party. The fact is that I was ashamed of having been obliged to turn my back upon the natives. On our way back I passed one of the pursuers, lying on the banks of a creek, chafing his legs ; and I afterwards passed three or four more at different distances. I did not even speak to them. On reach ing the encampment, I found a number of men, most of whom retreated to some distance, but when they saw there were only three white men they again ad vanced towards us. I called to the men to follow me, and, presenting my musket, advanced towards them. They thereupon took to flight, and I followed them a little way, and returned. On again arriving at the encampment, I found only two or three of the original * On my second visit to New Zealand, I saw a strange chief one day seated on the gangway. I asked him his name. He said he was Wariki, and that he had visited the ship in order to thank me for expelling the demon which was devouring him. pursuers, but observed that my Maori followers had opened all the native ovens, where they had found a number of large fat dogs roasting, and had put them on their shoulders. I asked them what they intended to do with the dogs ; and they answered, "to take them to the New Zealanders who are on board ship." I ordered them to return the dogs to the ovens, and to cover them up again. I then told the two or three natives that my only object in visiting them was to purchase some potatoes for the crew of the ship, and that provided they had any potatoes to sell I would purchase them. They produced several basketfuls, and I told them to bring them down to the boat and I would pay for them. They shouldered the baskets and brought them to the boat, where I paid for them. On their way down they talked very sociably with my Maories. And thus I escaped being barbecued in a native oven. When the ship was ready the anchors, were weighed, and we proceeded on our voyage. Tupé and Tarra accompanied us to the Heads. After some time I was alarmed by a sudden cry of terror from Tarra. I asked Tupé what was the matter, he replied, "Tarra is an old fool ; Captain Ceronie has dropped his watch overboard. Tarra thinks that the watch is a demon, or ' Etua.' " This Captain Ceronie commanded a ship belonging to Simeon Lord, and in the course of, the voyage entered the harbour of Wangaroa, where the natives received him in a very friendly manner. He was seen by the natives accidentally to drop his watch into the harbour, and the night after that he left the harbour without taking leave of any one. This they thought — as they also concluded the watch to be a demon — was a very suspicious circumstance. Soon I after the epidemic afflicted these natives, which occa- sioned a great mortality amongst them, their principal chief being one of the victims. " Tarra," said Tupé, "thinks that Ceronie has maliciously dropped a demon into the water for the purpose of killing all the natives of the Bay of Islands in the same way as he did at Wangaroa. I have vainly tried to convince Tarra that a watch is no demon, but he is such a superstitious old fool that he will not believe me." If my philosophical friend Tupé had visited England at the present day, he would not have made such harsh satirical remarks upon his worthy colleague, for he would have seen lots of grave Englishmen sitting round a table, and compelling poor ghosts to obey their incantation, and to perform all manner of monkey tricks. On the voyage to the Fijis we sighted the island of Tongatabu.* We did not anchor, but lay-to near the shore. The ship was soon surrounded with canoes, bringing refreshments consisting of pigs, fowls, bread fruit, yams, cocoanuts, &c.; They also brought off considerable quantities of sinnet, made of cocsanut fibre, and a brisk trade commenced. Some time after, two Ton gese gentlemen came on board, very clean, fat, and comely ; their flowing robes remind ing me of Chinese mandarins. They were invited into the cabin. They informed me that they had been sent by the great chief to invite me to come on shore, and that if I had any fears they would re main on board till my retu'rn. I expressed my thanks but Baid that as the ship was not at anchor, I could not leave her. They further informed me that there had been a civil war in Tonga, but that everything was now settled, and that a new chief governed Tonga. I could have gained nothing by landing, as the canoes brought ample supplies of everything the island produced.. I made them some presents which they accepted, and courteously left the ship. After : having purchased everything which the canoes had brought, we proceeded on our voyage. Next day we sighted the small island of Anamuka (Namuka), here I determined to anchor. On nearing the shore I got into a boat to search for the best anchorage. A long canoe came to the boat, and in this canoe there was an elderly chief seated in the stern, and a 70ung man beside him. They told me that this elderly person was Kino Kino Loa, the chief of Anamuka, and that the young man was his son Tao maaL Taomaal asked what I was looking for in the boat, and I replied that I was looking for a place to anchor the ship. ' Follow me,' saia the young chiefs ' and I will show you the place where the great chief; Toote (Captain Cook) an chored.' I made a signal to the ship. ' It was about dinner time, and I wanted them to come into my boat and dine with me. They both did so, but the elder chief first ordered his people to put a large pig into the boat. After they were seated alongside of me, Taomaal said : ' I wish you to adopt me, and to become my friend.' ' With great pleasure,' I re plied, ' but hope that you wul adopt me too, and become my friend also and so we shook hands, by way of confirming the contract. This conversation was not exactly in these words ; but that was the purport of it. There were plenty of fowls for dinner, and although neither of these two gentlemen had ever used a knife and fork before, they looked to what we did, and managed to imitate us wonderfully well. As soon as dinner was finished, they all left the table except Kino Kino Loa and myself, who remained in conversation together. When I came upon deck, some time after, I found Taomaal under the hands of the barber, who had already cut off Mb beautiful beard with scissors, and was besmearing his face with soap-suds. I was sorry for it, for it spoiled his ap pearance. 1 told Kino Kimo Loa that I would accompany him ashore to take a look at the island, and would come to- morrow for the purpose of trading with his people for provisions. On my way' ashore, Taomaal offered to give me the same house for me to keep my boats in which his grandfather had given to 'Toote.' I thanked him and said that I did not need it, but should like to see it. On landing, he took me to see it. It was a long, lofty structure, open at both ends ; and on entering it I was surprised to see upwards of a hundred people sleeping in hammocks suspended from the roof. It was still in good repair, but had many marks of antiquity about it. When I returned ; to the landing-place, Mrs. Taomaal, the wife of my friend — a handsome young woman, but decidedly fiat, came up and accosted me. ' Give me an alacoche,' said she. I said that I did not know what an ' alacoche' was. At length I ascertained that an alacoche was a pair of scissors to cut her hair. I told her that I could bring her a pair to-morrow. I was then surrounded by lots of females, all clamouring for alacoches. Taomaal conducted me to the boat, and I requested him to tell the ladies that I would bring ' alacoches ' to-morrow. Next day I came ashore with two boat6 that I might trade with the natives, and of course did not forget to bring alacoches for Mrs. Taomaal and her friends. The two chiefs received us on the beach. The captain had accompanied me ashore, and I told Mm to attend to the trading while I examined the island. Taomaal attended me everywhere. On my return I found a crowd of natives on the beach, with plenty of produce. Kino Kino Loa was seated at some distance in the middle of his chiefs for the purpose of preserv ing order. I asked the captain how he succeeded with the trading ? 'Yeiy well,' he said, and I am buying cheaper tlum at Tonga. I saw, however^ that he had not purchased much, and had been haggling with the natives about prices. I told him to go away and * Hew it was that they got eo very far away to the eastward of the Fijian group, does not appear.— [Ed.] amuse himself, and that I would becdme the trader. I advanced towards the traders. One of- them offered .me something for barter ; I gave him w)ut he asked. Another man started up and said ' Buy mine,' which I did. Numbers of others started up, and there was a regular chorus of ' Buy mute.' The purchases were laid in several heaps, and as soon as I had made a purchase I pointed out where the seUer waB to lay it. An old woman offered ^ me something for sale, whieh I paid for, and pointed oat to her where to lay it, and then I turned round to another trader. The beldame did not lay down the article, ' but came round the other side, and again held it out to me, and so I paid for it a second time. Kino Kino Loa observed the transaction, started to his feet, gave the old woman a hearty slap on her face, and drove her out of the market. The captain had 6at down at the side of a screen to avoid the heat. He had two small steel pistols in his pocket. One of the natives put his hand under the sereen and picked his pocket of one of them. This was detected by a young native of the Fiji Islands, whom we had brought down from Sydney, and who was then with the captain acting as interpreter between him and the chiefs. Through this man the captain stated his complaint to the chief. The chief gravely heard the complaint, took hold of the second piBtol which the captain held in his hand, and started to his feet. The' mob of people present were silent. . There was not a murmur to be heard. Kino Kino Loa held out the pistol, and made a very short' address to them. A man arose from the middle of the crowd and gave the name of the thief who had stolen the pistol. A poor 'trembling wretch arose and held out the stolen pistol. The chief seized a cutlass from the hand of the Fiji native, and rushed toward the culprit. I then interposed, seized the arm of the chief, and gently led him back to his seat. And so the matter ended. After having loaded the two boats with produce I sent them away to the ship, and told them to return with some more articles of trade. I told Taomaal that I would like to take a walk across the island, pro vided he would accompany me. He agreed to do so, but he first took me to see his house. It was very clean, and the floor was nicely matted. I observed one of his servants chasing a large pig -in the yard of the house. The pig took refuge in the house, and the servant threw his club at it, hit it on the head, and killed it. I asked Taomaal if his servant was augrv at the pig for defiling his parlour? Taomaal smiled, and said that the man had killed i-t for the purpose of cooking it for dinner. I walked across the island. The road was a passable footpath, but although the soil was rich I did not see much cultivation. On reaching the shore they showed me the island of Little Anamuka (Anamuka Ette*), but I had found that I had walked too fast for Taomaal. The calves of his legs were cramped, and his attendants vied with each pther in chafing them. On my way back I passed a fortified village. The fortifications consisted of a double bamboo stookade. The entrance gate was long and crooked, and well supplied with bars. ' The city was' compactly built together,' the streets were narrow and crooked ; the inhabitant were all absent at the market-plaoe. There was only one man that remained as a warder. He asked me to take some refreshment, and surprised me by the facility and expedition with which he cooked a bread-fruit, that I might eat it piping hot. I observed that we were close to the lagoon ia the centre of the island. It resembled the crater of aa old volcano, but I had no time to examine it. . On arrival at the market place, dinner was ready. I ought to have called it pietiic, as we partook of it in the open air. The only animal food produced was a large pig, cooked in a native oven. The cooking was exquisite. I do believe that Soyer himself could not have cooked it so well. After dinner, a bowl ot kdva was introduced. They first gave the chief a cupful of it. The cup was made of a green leaf. After he had emptied the cup he tossed it away, and the attendant handed me another. I had seen them preparing the kava, and declined to drink it, but told the chief that I would prefer some cocoanut milk, which they immediately brought to me. They drew my attention to a pineapple. It was too green for use. The chief told me that they had not brought it for the purpose of eating, but to show it to me. He stated that it was a present which ' Toote ' (Captain Cook) had made them. I was delighted with the gratitude of these poor natives to our great navigator. During dinner Kino Kino Loa addressed me : ' My son, Taomaal wishes to accom pany you on your voyage ; will you take him ? ' I heedlessly replied: ' With great pleasure; I like him very much.' After dinner I proceeded to the market, and very Boon cleared it, and loaded my two boats. There was some trade left. I begged that the chief would aooept of it. He smiled, took it, and calling his chiefs round him divided it amongst them. I then parted with him, and returned to the ship. Next morning, the wind being fair, we loosened the topsails, and began to heave up : the anchor. Taomaal came on board to remain (as he stated) another day. He said : ' You had a great deal of trouble yesterday, but my father has made new market regulations, and the market will be better supplied.' I replied that I was much obliged to his father, but that I had got suffi cient supplies to last the crew for a long time, and that if I took any more they would be spoiled by keeping. He said that yams would keep a long time if we took care not to bruise them. At last he said : ' You promised yesterday to take me with you in the ship, and I hope you will do so.' I replied : ' I have been thinking about it all night, and I now think (although I would very much like to take you) the voyage will be long and dangerous, and you would be exposed to many hardships. Besides, I might not be able to send you to Anamuka.' He said: 'Do take me; I will risk it,' Much more to the. same pur port passed between us. I pointed out that the ship had drifted a long way from the island, and that he ought to leave it. He replied : 'As you will not take me, accept my club as a keepsake.' I gave him something in return, and did net forget to give him one of my Wt razors. This club was lost when the ship sunk in the middle of the Atlantic. Thanks tQ God I did not take him. Some of the natives came on board for the purpose of visiting the Fiji Islands, but they suffered much from sea sickness, and sorely repented what they had done. ? — Chapter Arrival at Fijian Group, Island of Vuna or Opuna, &c.; — Seizure by the Fijians — State of Captivity— Friendly Hawaiian Wynew (Wainio)— Visit to Wynew'a Ac quaintance — Return to_ Prison in which the Chief .Prisoner takes the position of Master — Bargain with i the Barbarians— Fidelity and Courage of Fijian Jimmy and MoEwem the Irishman— Guard of Honour to the TjHtiiinp-pliuw— Trinmpbant Escape to the Ship — Beflections on the object of_ the Chief of Opuna in i faWnf them Prisoners— Navigation and Shipbuilding of Modem Fijians compared with the Correspondent Attainments of the Ancient Greeks— Visit to Bau and Transactions there — Suppression of a Dangerous Com- . spiracy. -4 Ok reaching the Fijian Group I first visited the island of Opuna, now called Taviuni. The chief of the * Naanks-jii. jglauti received us; in a friendly «dan»er, and con ducted as to his village, -which was situated on an eminence about half a mile from the landing-place. Be was a tall elderly man, inclined to corpulency, and had- an immense scar on one of his flanks, which must have been received by a wound from a jagged spear- It -was nearly dark when we reached the -village. He conducted us to one of the best of the houses .of the village, where we passed the night. I asked him if his island produced sandalwood ? He replied ' Yes,' and showed us some pieces of the -wood* I told him to provide some of it, and that I would return again and purchase it. At peep of day we left the house, and one of the men knocked with his stick at the walls of the house where the chief lived. Be came to the door and .begged us not to leave so early. We, however, took leave of him, and proceeded to the boat, and so immediately left the island. A native of Fiji, named ' Jimmy,' whom we had hwmght from Sydney, accompanied us to Opuna. He said that he did not think that Opuna produced any sandalwood, and thought that the chief was deceiving ne. However, as the winds were baffling, and pre vented us from proceeding to Mbau, I determined, some days after, to pay another visit to Opuna, for the purpose of satisfying myself as to whether the island produced sandalwood or not. We had built a large decked- boat on board the vessel, and had rigged it &b; a tender to cruise amongst the islands. It was calm when I left the ship, and I told the captain that, if it continued calm, he might hoist her out, and put her under the charge of Mr. Barton, the third mate. He did so. It was quite fork when I reached the eld landing-place, but the natives had seen the boat in the distance, and we found the chief and a few natives waiting for us. They received us in the same friendly manner as be fore ; conducted us, with torches, to their village, and led ub to the same house. Next day, as there was no appearance of sandal wood, I became convinced that they had deceived me. I also observed some other suspicious circumstances. I collected all my men, and proceeded to the landing place. On arriving there I saw Barton, of the tender, and asked him why he had come ashore. He said that a canoe with some natives had come alongside of him, and that they had told hi™ that I wanted him to come ashore. did not believe them as they had brought no written order, and refused to go. They watched an opportu nity, and pushed him overboard, and then picked him up and carried him ashore in their canoe. My boat -was hauled ashore on the beach, and I found that the natives had cunningly placed a pile of yams in the front of her, as if for the purpose of trade, but actually to prevent the b&at; from being launched into the water. I had, some time before, opened a young cocoanut for the purpose of taking a drink, ana with the knife in my hand I stepped on board a large war canoe which had been placed on a low flat rock, at the landing-place. By this time my people were all collected, and one of them had commenced to remove the yams. At this instant a powerful squat Tonga man came upon the canoe, and thus addressed me, ' Sa no no Turang,' — I was dis pleased, and asked him what he meant ? He then said, ' Give me that knife.' At this moment Barton called out, ' Look out.' I turned round and saw that Barton was seized by several natives. A6 soon as I turned my back towards him the Tonga man siezed me and pinioned my arms behind my back. Somehow or other I had hold of the knife by the blade. The Tonga man siezed the handle, and I allowed him to take it, but having made a sudden effort I also seized the handle, and twisted it out of his hand. I now made an effort to dig the knife into him, but he easily avoided it. I saw a huge fellow, with an uplifted club, running to his assistance. I made another ineffectual effort with the knife, but observed that my Herculean assailant had already reached the canoe. I made a sudden effort and dashed myself and the Tonga man from the canoe into the water. The beach was sandy. I was a little stunned, but only for an inBtant. I now found that the Tonga man was on the top of me, but that both my arms were free, and that I had still the knife in my hand. In an instant we were both on our legs struggling together. I seized die Tonga man with one arm, and was on the point of dispatching him 'with the knife, when my Herculean assailant interposed, and, by seizing my arm, succeeded in diverting the blow. I had new two antagonists to deal with instead of one, but somehow or other I pushed them both aside. I was, at the instant, like a stag at bay and equally insensate. When I got out of the water, the other natives retreated. Barton called out to me, ' They have killed no one yet ; give them everything and perhaps they will not kill any one.' I looked, and saw that all my people were pinioned by the natives, and that one popr fel low was still struggling to prevent them from carrying away the bag with the articles of trade. I handed the bag to the nativeB, and then went towards the ehief and upbraided him for his treachery and violence, and asked him what was the cause of it. He said nothing. I saw that all my men were com pletely cowed, and that further resistance was out of the question, I therefore agreed to go with them to the village. Some of the chiefs began to cheer me, and said, ' Sa vinaka turang ' — which I interpreted te mean, 44 It is all right now.' They took us to the old house where there was an assemblage ot the chiefs. One chief after another came and asked me to allow them to feel my arm. They pawed it all over in the way I have seen a butcher feel a calf, and I thought that they were eeling me in order to ascertain whether I would be good eating. But I observed that, although all my men were fatter than I was, that they did not feel . any of them. I believe that the case was this. They „ thought that I must be very strong from the resistance which I had made. After some time slices of yams were brought in. One of my crew Beized a piece, and I scolded him for so doing. The chief said, 44 Do not scold the men, it is intended for us all.' An old prieBt (I suppose he was the domestic chaplain of the chief) arose, and said grace before eating. He spoke slowly, gravely, and reverentially, but I did not Uke the purport of the grace. He thanked the Deity for this victory which they had achieved, and prayed that as the Deity had delivered the little ship into their hands so He would be graciously pleased to deliver the large ship over to them. After eating, a bowl of angona (kava) was intro duced, but the chief did not ask the white men to drink of it. He handed me, however, a large piece of the root of which it was made, saying : 44 Take this, and make a bowl of angona in your own way, and drink it with your men.' I forgot to mention that soon after I had arrived in the house the Tonga man came towards me, and, in a jolly and triumphant manner, said, ' I was the man who took you.' This roused my choler. I replied, *' Yes, you were the man who seized me, but you did not dare to do so while my face was turned to you, but seized me when I had turned my back towards j you.' His countenance fell, and he sneaked away, ? .and never came near me again. After a tiriie all the . ; chiefis (except one) left the house. This one sate down beside me. At length I became drowsy, and lav oewn. The chief said, *' That is right, Turang ; ' he then covered me with a mat, and brought a wooden I illow for my head. He then went away, but first carefully eovered up the door. . . Next morning the great chief allowed me to revisit the beach, and sent a young man to accompany me. When I reached the beach I found that they had brought ashore my decked tender, and that a lot ot mpn were busy demolishing her. I sat down very much depressed. My companion came .and sat down beside me. He appeared very, sympathetic ; guarded me from the sun, and prevented the flies from annoying me. My mouth was parched. I said I was very thirsty. He immediately aBcendeda tree, threw down some cocoanuts, and gave me a drink. Soon after the chief sent me a message to return to the house. On reaching it I found it crowded with natives, all squatted on the floor, and the chiefs hielding a durbar, or con sultation. I threaded my way through the crowd, and. seated myself near the chiefs. I observed my men seated in the crowd, and 6aw one of them crying bitterly. He was a native of Tahiti — the individual who, when sentinel at Korararika Bay, had deserted with his musket. I asked him what made him cry. He replied that he had heard one of the natives say to another, ' That these men had all come alive into this house, but not one of them would go alive out of it.' I said, 'Do not cry for that; none of the others are crying.' A stranger now entered the house. There was a buzz amongst the mob. He looked round, and then came to the place where I was seated, and squatted down near my feet. He then turned towards me. and said something in English which I did not hear disr tinctly. He then asked the Tahitian man why he was crving, and the Tahitian gave him the same reply which he had given me. The stranger said : 41 Do not cry for that ; if they kill you they shall kill me also.' I saw at once from his short hair and his dress that, although the stranger was a native of the Pacific, he wa6 not a Fijian. Soon after a number of large baskets of cooked yams and bread fruit were brought to the door. The chief told me to take one of the baskets and eat it with my men. My men ate a little, and the contents of the basket were devoured by the natives. After this repast the chief allowed me to take a walk with bv new friend the stranger. During the walk he told* me that he was a native of the Sandwich J islands (the Hawaiian Islands) ; that he had first visited Sydney, and had afterwards come to the Fiji Islands. He told me that he had been living on a neighbouring island when he received information that the Chief of Opuna had captured a number of white men, and that he had hurried to Opuna in order to try and prevent the chief from killing them. ' I will do whatever 1 can to save you,' he said ; ' but you must promise to take me with you in the ship, for I am quite tired of living amongst theBe savages.' I replied that I would be very glad to take him, and asked his name. He said it was Wynew (Wainio). During the walk he pointed out a place at the side of the path where the grass was stained, and where a clod had been laid ever the stained grass. 44 Look there,' he said ; 44 a man was killed there very lately.' Soon after, he pointed out a similar place where another man had been killed. He then said, 44 How could you be such a fool as to risk vour life among such a set of savages r ' Soon after we reached a hill, with a steep ascent, but with a well-trodden path. On reaching the middle of the ascent two or three wild looking savages, with uplifted clubs, came running down the hill. Their curly hair was powdered with quick-lime, and their bodies were begrimed with cocoanut oil, and soot or powdered charcoal. As soon as they recognised Wynew they returned with him. There was a village at the top of the eminence, and I was glad to see the ship at some miles from the shore. Wynew then took me to the best house in the village. The mistress of the house was a Tongese lady. She received Wynew in the most courteous manner. I looked at her, and observed that she was a woman of middle age, decently dressed in the Tongese fashion. Her features were regular and pleasing, and she had such a kind, motherly look that she might have passed for a Euro pean lady. T was surprised to meet such a civilized lady amongst these savageB. She requested me to be seated, and ordered some of her attendants to bring refreshments. The lady told Wynew that a member of her family was very sick. The house was divided into two com partments by a curtain. Wynew went behind this curtain, and addressing the sick person inquired aB to the health of the invalid. I heard a female voice reply: ' I am very sick ; I am dying.' 'No, no,' says Wynew, ' you will not die, you will recover.' But the voice replied : ' I know I must die, for I have lost all hope.' After some time I told Wynew it was getting late, and that I wished to go back. *' Well,' replied Wynew, ' go back by yourself ; I shall follow you presently. I wish to have Bome more conversa tion with my friends.' On my return to the village of the chief, I found that all was quiet, and that the mob of natives had dispersed. I then went to the house where I had Blept, and found the old chief trimming the eaves of the house. I entered into conversation with him, and pointed out that the ship was ap proaching the island ; that the captain had certainly received information that the chief had taken me pri soner, and that he was a terrible fellow, and would land with a large body of men to deliver me, and that it would be better for him to let me go. He looked ashamed, but gave me no answer. At this moment Wynew returned. He said to me : ' Talk no more to that fellow; he will not let you go.' I now felt that I had degraded myself by becoming a supplicant to a savage. I braced myself up, and said : ' If you ?will not let me go, give me a house to live in.' He replied : ' I have already given you this house.' A thousand wild ideas presented themselveB to my imagination. Amongst other things I determined to become savage. I would go to battle with the other savages, until some opportunity offered itself of leaving the island ; and I consoled myself with the thought that, even if they should kill me, they never did torture their prisoners, but dispatched them at once by a blow on the cranium. I entered the house, Wynew followed, and I began to act as master at once. There were several natives seated on the floer, and, as I supposed that the chief had sent them to be my attendants; I ordered them to go to that part of the house which is alletted to servants. But Wynew slept alongside of me. I slept soundly, and woke much refreshed. I walked out and saw the ship near the island. After some time the chief and his counsellors entered the i house and held another consultation. I saw, how ever, at a glance that his counsellors were more | hostile to me than the chief himself. [ After a while I asked the chief if he would now let me go, as the ship was near to the island. After some consultation he turned to me and said, 44 I will let you go if you will give me a tombooa.' A tombooa I is the native (Fijian) name for the tooth of a sperm whale, which I believe they consider to be a talisman. I replied, ' Send a canoe with any one young man to the ship, and he will bring you a tombooa.' This he immediately did. The man on reaching the ship told the captain his errand. Ihe captain brought the tombooa, but the man said he was afraid to go ashore again, and refused to go. The captain then called 'Jimmy,' the native of Fiji, and asked him if he would take the tombooa ashore. The man immediately agreed, and went ashore ip the canoe. Ag soon ae this affair became known in the ship, McEwers, the Irish sailor, whom I had slightly punished at New Zealand for desertion, c?me to tiie CBptain and said : ' It is not safe to trust to a native ; give me another tombooa and send me ashore in a boat, and I will take it to Mr. Berry.' He was immediately sent ashore in a boat. On land ing there was a crowd of nativeB to whom he told his errand, that he had brought a tombooa for the great chief. The natives immediately agreed to accompany him to the village. When about half way up the hill the two who were with him stopped short, and asked him to show them the tombooa. He refused to do so. They threatened to kill him. He 6aid : ' Kill me if you like ; but I will not show you the tombooa, for it is for the . great chief.' They (said to one another : ' He is a brave fellow ;' and both of them cheered him, and conducted him in safety to the village. Jimmy the native arrived at the house first. He came quietly to me, and handed me the tombooa, wrapped in a piece of paper, which 1 put in my pocket. Soon after I was surprised to see McEwers boldly entering the house. He called out with a stentorian voice: 'Is Mr. Berry here?' Some of them showed him where I was sitting. All the chiefs stared at him. but no one spoke. He then delivered me the tombooa in a very consequential manner. I took the other tombooa out of my pocket, re moved the piece of paper, and then addressed the chief. I told him that he had promised to liberate me and my men if I gave him a tombooa, and now that I had two splendid tombooas to give him I expected him to let me go. His reply was, ' Let me see the tombooas.' I handed them to him, and he gloated over them with such eagerness that I be lieved he had never possessed such a treasure before. After some time I said, ' I suppose that I may go now ?' He gave me no answer, but continued gloat ing over the tombooas. I then arose, and said, 44 I shall go.' He replied, ' You had better not ; there are many armed men in the bush.' I then said : ' You are a great chief; but have not acted in the way great chiefs ought to act ; you have not kept your word. You promised to liberate me if I gave yon a 4 tombooa,' I have given you two, and you refuse to let me go. Therefore, give me back the ' tombooas ' ; and I gently laid my hands upon them, and put them into my pocket. The chief looked abashed, but his subordinates glared fiercely at me. In an instant the durbar or council was at an end. They all left the house, and only Barton and myself were left. Barton was grievously alarmed at my audacity. A number of the lower classes now entered the house, and asked me to show them the ' tombooa.' I told them that they were 44 tabooed,' as they were intended for the great chief ; and they left me. By-and-bye, the chief seat me a message that he wished to see me. I left the house, and found the crowd outside in a disorderly state. The chief threw his mace of state with all his force at the head of one of them. If it had hit him, it certainly would have killed him, but it missed him. He took another fellow by the shoulders, lifted him -up bodily, and gave him a 'kick with his toot which threw him to a consider able distance. He then came to me, and said, 4-Co back to the house again instantly.' On entering it I sate down, and he did the same. He then said, 44 Give me the 4tambooas,' and then depart instantly with your men.' After col lecting my men, I requested the chief to send some of his subordinates to accompany me to the boat, as he had told me that the buBh was full of armed men. He selected two or three men, and Jimmy and Wynew chatted socially with them on their way to the boat. The mention of Jimmy's name here brings another matter to my recollection. When I left the house at the request, or rather at the command of the chief, I saw that he was conversing with Jimmy. I after wards asked Jimmy as to the nature of the conversa tion. He replied that the chief made many inquiries about the number of men and muskets in the ship, and why there was so much light in the ship all night. Jimmy told him that the men were employing themselves in preparing their muskets, and that the blacksmiths had been sharpening their cutlasses for the purpose of attacking the island, and pointed out that a large boat full of men was approaching the island. It waB upon this that he had sent for me to speak to him. I have already mentioned what took place, and how he prevented two of his people from assailing me. On arriving at the beach, I found the path crowded with natives — all armed with spears, clubs, and bows and arrows. They all made way for me, and some of them cheered me, and said, 4-It is all right now.' The boat was alongside of a fiat rock, and commanded by Ceronie. After the men had all entered the boat, I stepped in also. All the crew of the boat had their muskets in their hands. Ceronie said : 44 Shall I blaze away upon them ? ' ' Oh, no !' I said, ' they have killed nobody ; and besides the chief has sent a body-guard to conduct me in safety to the boat.' I had reason to congratulate myself that I had better luck than Ulysses when he fell into the hands of the cannibal Polyphemus ; who, after devouring some of his men, would have devoured him also, if Ulysses had not put out his eye when he was asleep. I now turned towards the island, and found that every one of the crowd pf natives had disappeared. Although (as already mentioned) the natives had destroyed the decked boat, the boat in which I had landed was lying on the beach uninjured. Caronie leaped ashore for the purpose of launching it into tbe water, but was unable to do so, as none of the men ventured to follow him. I was afraid lest fcame of the natives lurking in the bush might shoot him with their arrows, and ealled him to come back to the boat, which then returned to the ship. Many years after I became acquainted with Captain Dillon, the gentleman who discovered in Samoa the wreck of the ship of La Ferouse. He told me that he had visited the Island of Opuna after these occurrences. He asked the natives what I had done to them to induce them to make me and my men prisoners for. the purpose of killing us. They replied that it was quite a mistake to suppose that they intended tp kill us. On the contrary, they assured him that the chief had taken a fancy to me, and had captured me for the purpose of conferring upon me the honour of commanding his forces when he went to war. After a calm consideration of all the circumstances I feel convinced that this was a true version of the case. It was certainly a rough way of recruiting his army, but was not more barbarous than the practice of the Bntish Govern ment at that time, who recruited their navy by the ' press gang.' I believe also that he destroyed the decked boat, not from a principle of wanton mischief, but to prevent us from leaving the island. And when the occurrences are recalled to my recollection I always remember the chief of Opuna with kindly feelings. I now recollect that I asked Wynew what was the character of the chief of Opuna, and whether he was liked by his own people ? To that Wynew had replied : 44 He is very well liked by his own people, but he 'is feared and hated by his neighbours; As I have alluded to Ulysses I may add that the Greeks in those days seem to have been hardly more j civilized than the natives of the Fiji Islands. Wit- j negs the barbarous conduct of Achillce in dragging i the dead body of bis brave enemy by the heels round the walls of Troy. ? ' 1 They certainly were neither such good shipbuilders nor such skilful navigators as the Fijians. -The Fijian carpenters made better ships than the Greeks, although they had only stone took, and had neither iron nor brass. The ships of the Greeks could only sail with a fair -wind, and never willingly ventured out ot the sight ot land. The Fijians could navigate their ships by the stars or by the trade winds, and their ships could lie within three points of the wind, and could sail at the rate of fifteen miles per hour with a good breeze — a rate of sailing which hardly any of our modern steamers are able to effect. It took 'Ulysses ten years to reach Ithaca from Troy; any Fijian would have accomplished the voys ,e in ten days. Neither do the Carthaginians seem to have made any great improvement in shipbuilding or in navigation ; and although a very enterprising people, they also, it seems, never went willingly out of sight of land. They discovered the islands of the Cas siterides (Scilly Islands), where they long en joyed a monopoly of the trade in tin, because they kept their discovery a secret. They must have reached the Cassiterides by a long and cir cuitous route. After passing the Straits of Gibraltar they must have coasted along the shores of Spain and Portugal, then have followed up the coast of Gaul until they reached the Straits of Dover — where they would see the white cliffe of Albion — and then they must have crept along the Southern coast of England until they reached the Land's End. On reaching the ship I gave Wynew (the Hawaiian) a suit of clothes, and he took his place among the sailors. On our way to Mbau, we barely escaped some dangers, but we arrived in safety. We found there several ships in the harbour, all trading for sandalwood. The native Jimmy went on shore, and I saw very little of him afterwards. After some weeks all the ships took their departure for India, and Ceronie took his passage in one of them. It was easy to see that the sandalwood was nearly exhausted, as that brought to ub by the natives consisted chiefly of the limbs of old trees which had been cut down years ago. The sap of these limbs was decayed, and roughly cut away by the nativeB ; but we trimmed and cleaned it with drawing knives, and then weighed it and stowed it away. We found here (at Mbau) a number of runaway sailors and convicts, who lived with the natives, ana I was told that they used to go to war with the chiefs. I had little or no intercourse with them. The principal part of the sandalwood we obtained was from a place named 'Ilea' [Vatulele ?], some mileB to the leeward, and I generally went - there every second or third day, always finding the natives very civil. On the way to Ilea, I had to pass a low flat island where the natives had estab lished a manufactory of pottery. I often in tended to land to ascertain if they used the old potters' wheel mentioned in Scripture, but I never did so. The manufacture of this pottery seemed to be a particular trade, and the manufacturers seemed to subsist by selling it to the other natives. The clay was evidently artistically prepared, and the jars were well-shaped and stood the fire v6ry well. The natives of the other Oceanic islands cooked their food in ovens, but these people cooked it in jars, steaming it with very little fire. I had long seen a pile of fine sandalwood at a house n Mbau, and one day I looked in at the door of the house for the purpose of buying it. A female voice addressed me — ' Come in, Turang.' I entered, and saw the mistress of the house seated between two large jars, with a little fire under them, and some green leaves stuffed into the neck of the jars to prevent the steam from escaping. She was employed in pounding Something in a wooden mortar. She said, ' Sit down, Turang, and rest yourself. Tfijjhat can I do for you ? Will you take any refresh ment?' I thanked her, and said that I Wished to , buy the sandalwood at the door. . She replied, 41 That: is an affair of my husband — my lord and master she called him— I never interfere with such matters. I only attend to my domestic duties.' I must say that she seemed to conduct her cookery as artistically as if she had been a pupil of Liebeg or Soyer. The people at Mbau gradually began to bring sandalwood for Bale more sparingly, and I often saw in the evening great numbers of them returning with their working tools from their plantations. But the men of Ilea still continued to bring it in. Upon one occasion the captain went with the boats to Ilea, and returned earlier than usual, and I saw that one boat was empty. He said that they had narrowly escaped being killed. Upon inquiry I found that they had had some disputes with the natives, and that they became very furious, and made hostile de monstrations and used many threatening gestures. On this, as it appeared, all the crew became panic struck and ran away to the boats. Abdallah, one of the men (a brave little Malay), told me that he arrived at the place at the time when our people had become panic-Btruck, but that, as he saw the natives were not following the runaways, he called - upon them to top. They, however, would not listen to him, and ne thereupon slowly followed them to the boat. I never could understand the cause of this affair. These natives had been particularly civil to me when I last visited them. Some days after, Wynew told me that he was in formed that all the natives of Ilea had left their vil lage, and that Ilea was completely deserted. We had obtained about fifty tons of sandalwood, and it seemed in vain to expect any more. But I resolved to visit the large island of Viti Levu before, taking my departure from these islands. I fitted out two boats and two crews of armed men. The captain was to go in one of them, and I was to go in the other, and I told Wynew that I would take him with me. My intention was to leave the ship in the evening that I might reach the island of Viti Levu in the morning. While about to step into the boat Wynew came to me and said that he wished me to give him a pair of warmer trousers. I told him that it was a pity that-. he had not applied to me sooner ; that the captain' was already in the boat and had the key of the slop chest. 44 But,' I said, 44 1 will give you a pair of my old trousers,' which 1 did and he went into the boat with me. As soon as we were a short distance from, the ship he said : ' Stop the boat, I want to speak to you.' He said it was very wrong for me and the captain both to leave the Bhip together ; that the white men who lived ashore had entered into a conspiracy to take the Bhip during my absence, and that they had been 'tamper- ing with some of the crew, and had attempted to seduce him also — that he should tell the Chief ef Viti Levu to take me into the bush and then to kill me. He said that he could not act in that way, as I had been kind to him, and had given him the clothes he wore. They had said that his clothes were worth less, and that they would give him better ; and he added that this was the reason why he had asked me to give him another pur of trousers. We immediately returned on board. I made some inquiries, and ascertained that three of those fellows were then on board, and that they had- heard some whispering between them and some of the sailors, to gether with some other circumstances. I called the three men befbre me, and stated to them the information which I had received, without men tioning names. ^They were -much alarmed, but p- - . Utrongly denied ever having had such intentions. I ?; told them, aa they had committed no overt aot, that I would not take further proceedings, but that they must immediately leave the ship and never come on board again. They -were only toa glad to be allowed to leave the Bhip so easily. I was afterwards told that they subsequently rendered themselves _ so obnoxious to the natives that the latter killed them ali. j Chaftsu VI. . ? Visit to the Southern Coast of Vita Levu — Friendly . Savages — Proposals for a Grand Cannibal Feast— ' Negotiations for a supply of Sandalwood — Short trip into the interior of Vita Levu— Cotton plants — Sau again for New Zealand — Arrival at the Bay of Islands — Second attack on tbe Ship repulsed— Completion of cargo— Account of the capture of 'Boyd,' and mas sacre of the crew at Wangaroa— Episode of the seriB- j civilized Taronui and his indignant Mamma — Par- j tioulars of visit to the wreck of the Boyd — Rescue of Use four survivors— Final departure from New Zea land— Terrible storms during voyage across the Southern Pacific— Terra-del- Fuego— Awful position of the ship sear the Straits of Magellan— Dreadful storms again— Visit from the friendly natives — Pre- servation Harbour— Mutiny, bad weather, and ehort provisions— National courtesies— Arrival at Concep tion — Valparaiso — The Astrea and its captain. — Callao — Lima and its people — Guayaquil — Voyage to Cadiz — Succession ot bad weather— Ship founder* in the Atlantic, near the Azores. On the next day I went with two boats te visit Viti. Leru ; and on reaching the lee side of the island I found that a coral reef prevented my access to the land. We ran along the reef until we saw some natives employed in gathering something on the dry reef. It being low water we made signs to them to ' come to speak to us; which they did. We asked them whether there was any passage in the reef by which we could approach the land. They replied that there was a passage further on; I held up some thing which I would give them if they would come into the boat and show us the passage. One of them immediately dived into the surf and appeared in the smooth water near the boat, and came on board. He was a- fine mild-looking young man. He sat down beside me, and became as sociable and chatty as if we had been old friends. By-and-bye I saw a gap in the high. land. I asked him whether there was not a river at that placer He said 'Yes' ; that there j was a large river and that a large canoe from. I Tonga had arrived there two or three days before, j and that the canoe was manned by about fifty men. j They said these men were ' fine fat fellows, and would. : be good eating ' ; and further that, as we had ' plenty ef | muskets, if we would assist them to kill them we could eat them together.' He said also that we could attack them at night when they were asleep. I replied that the Ky Populun* (white men) only carried muskets i to defend themselves, and not to kill people, and that the white men did not eat man's flesh. He looked at me with surprise, and said, ' Is it true what you say ? If it is true, the ' Ky Populun ' must be great fools, for man's flesh is much better than pork.' At length my man-eating friend conducted the boat through a fine passage in a fine reef-locked harbour, and we landed at a small village. The chief of the village received us in a quiet civil manner. I told him our errand, and asked him if his country pro duced sandalwood. He replied there was plenty of sandalwood in die mountains. I asked him if he would procure it for us, if we brought the ship into his harbour, and told him we would pay for it in Tombooa and iron tools. He replied that he would be glad to do so. And, by way of propitiating him, I I made him a present of a Tombooa, which he imme -iiately hung at his neck. Before taking leave of him I requested him to order his people to commence procuring the sandalwood, and that I would return in a few days with the ship. He promised to do so. And in two or three days j after the ship arrived in safety at the newly discovered harbour. f On landing I found that they had only procured about a ton of good sandalwood, for which 1 paid a higher price than I used to give at Mbau as an encouragement to the natives— for which I was blamed by the captain. It came in very slowly after wards, which I attributed to the distance the natives bad to bring it. I therefore resolved to visit the mountains, in order to ascertain whether it abounded there ; and I requested the chief to give me a guide. This he did, and with the guide there was a band of aimed men. I found the path led over a long flat of barren worthless land, with a few bushes on it here and there. Amongst these bushes I found some cotton plants, and, along with others, some plants of yellow nankeen cotton, the ripe pods of which I pocketed. After a time my people began to complain -£ fatigue. One of them said to the others, whilst he looked at me, ' Although Mr. Berry always fatigues himself as much as any of us, I have never heard him complain of being tired.' I said nothing, but went on. Soon after we met an old native armed with a club. When he reached us he said something to the guide, but I observed he trembled very much, never having perhaps seen any white men before. Soon afterwards the guide came up to me and said, ' Turang, come back ; I am afraid to go any further.' X observed that although we had walked per 3iaps seven or eight miles, we were not half way to the mountains. I returned to the ship. I now saw that the country was so desolate, and so thinly peopled, that it would be impossible for them to brine me sandalwood in quantity, even if it abounded in tbe mountains; and I resolved to leave these islands, to return to New Zealand, and to fill up the ship with spars for the Cape of Good Hope. On reaching the North Cape of New Zealand, I at first intended to enter the harbour of Wangaroa, from the favourable account which Ceronie had given me ?of that port. As soon as the New Zealanders on board saw my intention, they requested me not to go there, as they had heard that the natives intended to attack the fint Bhip which came into the harbour, on account of the injury which Ceronie had done j them by dropping his atua (the watch) into the harbour, which had occasioned the death of so many of the natives. Although I had heard the same story at the Bay of Islands, I doubted it, and thought that it might have originated from native jealousy. I, therefore, still proceeded towards Wangaroa, on which they all began to cry bitterly. Fortunately, tbe winds became advene for entering that harbour.' After struggling with these winds for a day or two — which were fair for tbe Bay of Islands — I changed my course and entered that bay. On again anchoring at Kororarika my old Mends were delighted to see me ; and Tupe and Tarra^pro mised to give me every assistance in their power for loading the ship with spars. Tupe piloted the ship ?some miles further to a more convenient place for leading her. In procuring the span everything succeeded in a way equal to my most sanguine wishes. The chute, assisted by their people, cut down the spars, and | barked and squarred the larger ones for the sake of j stowage, all hands assisting to launch them into ! the water. They were always regularly paid for their work every Saturday night. j One day when 1 was on board the ship, the captain | of a whaler (accompanied byTippahee, whom! had I not seen once Jthe time when he was my prisoner) * Kju Papelangi? i tmtably the Whippj's Harbour of the present day. V came on board. He told me that his object was to get soma span for his ship from Tupe. I asked them into the cabin, and gave them some refreshment. On leaving, Tippahee asked me to give him a bottle of porter to drink in the bush, and I did so. I mention this on account of what happened afterwards. I may ™ ~?t Tippahee^ could see the defenceless state of the ship at this time, for nearly all of the men were employed in the boats or in the bush. Some time — perhaps a fortnight — after the above event, I came upon deck early m the morning, for the purpose of making arrangements for visiting the working party in the- bush. The sky looked very dark aud threatening, and the black clouds seemed to denote a thunderstorm. I therefore deferred my viBit until the next day. The squall, or thunderstorm, took place, and the sky cleared up. The people on board con sisted of myself, the chief mate (an elderly man), my body-servant (an Indian Portuguese), my little page Taronui, the ship's cook, two blacksmiths (one of whom was a Chinaman), a carpenter (also a China man), and I think two other men. In the afternoon I observed a large war canoe full of men approaching the ship. I examined and ob served that the men were all armed. Directions were at once given that every man on board should be aimed with loaded muskets, and I took change of the big guns. One of them was already loaded with ball, and I put into her a bag of shingles.* The ship was anchored in a narrow place. On the one side the bank consisted of a steep precipiecj, and on the other side were some low sandy beaches. The canoe came along the steep bank, and when it came oppo site the ship it stopped there for some time. Then the canoe began to approach the ship, and one of the natives on board rose up aud was seen giving direc tions to his men how to board. I succeeded in covering the canoe with the cannon, and t^ie Chinese blacksmith brought me a piece of red hot iron from the forge to fire it with. At tliis moment the tide must have turned, for the ship swung round and I lost my aim. I could now see that the man who was standing up, directing the man where to board, was my old acquaintance Metatau. whom I had brought from Sydney, aud who afterwards had been one of the leaders' of the attack upon me at Kororarika. A random musket-hhot was now fired. Metatau immediately called out that he was Mata Mata (hit or wounded), and sat down. The canoe took flight, and all Ihe men landed on the beach, on the opposite side, and ran into the bush. I have no recollection what I did with the canoe, but I am sure I did not allow it to be destroyed. Some weekB after this affair, when I came on deck one morning I found Tarra in earnest conversation with some strangers, whom I had never seen before. He came to me aud said, ' If you want anything which these people have brought, buy it immedi ately and send them away. I have something to tell you.' I took this hint, and sent them away. Tarra then totf me that the natives of Wangaroa had taken a laige ship — that they had killed and eaten all the crew, and possessed themselves of all the muskets and gunpowder in the ship — and that they were preparing fo come and attack me also. ' You,' eaid Tarra, 'must cease getting any more timber, and withdraw your people from the bush. Get them all on board, and then leave New Zealand imme diately. Until you are able to go, I and Tupe and our men will stay on board to protect the ship.' I expressed my surprise at what Tarra told mc, but hoped it might be a false report. A day or two after I went to the bush, and asked Tupe if he had heard of such a report r Tupe said that he had heard the report, but that he did not believe it, and that it went in at one ear and out at the other. I, therefore, continued getting spars until the ship was loaded. In the meantime fresh reports were brought in by the other natives every day, and many were so circumstantial that it appeared impos sible for these natives to have invented them. I therefore determined to go to Wangaroa as soon as the ship should be loaded. Some time before I heard the above report my little page Taronui came to me and said that he wished I would give him my permission to leave the ship for a week, that he might pay a visit to his mother, and that I need not be afraid that he would run away for he liked the ship very much. I told him by all means to go and see his mother. He went, and returned at the end of the week. Some time after his return, while walking the poop, I saw him in earnest conversation with his mother. The purport of their conversation was as follows : — His mother entreated him to leave the ship, and go on shore and reside with his own relations. He replied : ' I like the ship very much, and prefer it to living ashore/' His mother replied that it would be more natural for him to live amongst his own rela tions than amongst strangers. He replied: 'I prefer living among the pakeha (white men) to living among the Maories. The Maories have so many loulrou about them (pediadi). His mother replied : ' Shame, shame upon you, Taronui, to talk in that way about your own relations.' The old woman now opened her clothing, showed him her breasts, and told him that he seemed to have forgotten that she had suckled him. I left the poop and heardno more ; making up my mind to leave the lad to take his own course. For some time he continued to wait at table as usual, but I readily perceived that he was now very unsettled, and some time after he left die ship without saying good-bye to any one. I made inquiry about him long afterwards, and was informed that he went to sea in another ship, and died in the course of theyoyage. As already stated^ I resolved to visit Wangaroa after the ship was ready for sea. On the first attempt which I made to reach Wangaroa, a gale of wind compelled me to return back after nearly reaching the harbour; but as the weather moderated, I made a second attempt, and reached Wangaroa it safety. On this occasion I was accompanied l)y my Mend Metanangha. On arrival I found a large .ship lying in shallow water, burnt to the water's edge— and the bones of the crew lying over the beach. By the assistance of Metanangha, I suc ceeded in recovering the few survivors, consisting of a female named Mrs. Mosely and her female infant, the youngest daughter of Mr. Commissary Broughton (who is still alive and who married Mr. Tt ? , of Throsby Park), and a young man named Davidson. Besides saving these persons, I also, strange to say, recovered the dupli cates of ihe bills and other documents which I had left with Lord for transmission to England; and these proved to be the only documents which reached their destination, all my other papers and documents being lost in my subsequent shipwreck. Thus my enterprise was not a mere quixotical adven ture to save distressed damsels from the hands of giants and ogree, but was attended with very beneficial conse quences to myself. They also brought me one of the ship*s boats, which I handed to Tarra, with a certifi cate to show how it came into his possession. I also gave Tarra a letter to show to any ship which might arrive, giving an account of the capture of the 'Boyd'f * Pebbles. t The rescue ot tbe survivors of the Boyd is told somewhat briefly in these memoirs, but tbe daring coadact ol Mr. Berry in *Wi« nutter hu been frequently a theme of well -earned {i raise. In a short memoir of Mr. Berry, published in the Sydney M**t ot 87th Sep. caber, 1.873, w fetal particulars are given .'?- 4s ?? - s — for that was the name of the vessel — ^and warning them not to admit too many natives on board. I recollect {one night, when Metanangha was ' stopping on board, he addressed me to this effeot, 'You are too venturesome. You walk about New Zealand alone and unarmed, in the way you might do in Europe, and I have often heard the natives pay how easy it would be on such occa sions to kill you.' I certainly was too reckless from over confidence, and felt the truth of his remark. j After the ship was ready we took a final departure from New Zealand, and Bailed therefrom (as I think) on the 26th of January, 1810. From what I had heard from some ships I was in great hopes that my cargo of spars would find a good market at the Cape j of Good Hope, for they were then much wanted there ! for the British Navy. But fate had not ordained that they should ever reach the Cape. The early part of the voyage was favourable, but when we 'were near Cape Horn we encountered a ftarful storm, which blew our sails to pieces. Some time after a heavy sea struck the stern of the ship, and knocked away the rudder, after which we lay like a hulk upon the water at the mercy of the winds and waves. For a fortnight we never saw the sun, and did not know where we had drifted to. We, however, contrived to construct a makeshift rudder, and fastened it with ropes. . One afternoon the weather moderated, and we saw that the colour of the water changed — an indication that we were near ing land. About sunset the sky cleared up for a few minutes, and we saw the tops of the mountains of Terra del Fuego, but could not see the j shore. About this time we found that the pumps ] were choked, and that we could not pump the ship, j With much difficulty we got the pumps on deck, j where we cleaned them and so reshipped them ; but it was nearly midnight before we could free the ship from water. At this time we could not see the land. I was so exhausted that I went into my cabin, and threw' myself upon my bed to rest myself, when I immediately fell into a deep sleep. I awoke at the first dawn of the morning, with a kind of deadly pressure on my chest, and could not, at the moment, realize my position. I found, how ever, that the ship was steady and the water calm. I then looked out of my cabin window and saw some birds on a small rock at some distance from the ship. I started to my feet and went on deck, when I found that the ship had drifted during the night, into a bay on the coast of Terra del Fuego, and that we were in the midst of some islands. The sky was cloudy, hut the wind was light ; and at midday I was able to take an observation of the sun, when I found that we were about forty miles to the south of the western entrance of the Straits of Magellan. The land between us and these straits is called Desolation Island by Cook. On sounding we found no bottom, but continued advancing all day in hopes of finding some place to anchor the ship. Evening was approaching and we could neither find shelter nor anchorage; at length we found bottom at thirty fathoms ; but it was merely a ridge of rock, and after a few casts of the lead we could find no bottom. Almost in a state of despair I went into my cabin to compose myself. There was a book lying on the table, I do not recol lect what book it was — perhaps 'Johnson's Lives of the Poets.' I opened it mechanically, and began to read it. It was to this effect ; that both Charles I. and his- favourite Strafford were addicted to the Sortes Virgilianm, and upon one occasion that both of them tried them together, and both of them obtained a true augury— that both of them would be beheaded. But the book said that some other people, instead of con sulting Virgil, used to consult the Bible. I said to myself ' I shall consult Virgil, although I have no faith in such auguries '—for drowning men clutch at straws. On opening my book-chest, f could not find Virgil, but I readily founds Bible, and there fore consulted it. The first part of the paragraph I considered too good for me, but it ended by saying : ' Whatever thy hand findeth to do, do it with all thy might, for there is neither work nor device, nor know ledge, nor wisdom, in the grave whither thou goest.' This I interpreted to denote that my safety must de pend uponmy own exertions, and that I ought to exert myself and not to despair. I would not have men tioned this, if it had not been for the circumstance that it afterwards procured me the honour of a visit from the Catholic Bishop of Guayaquil. I returned to the deck quite composed, and soon after, at nightfall, we dropped our anchor in thirty fathoms, close to a barren rocky island. The bottom -which are not mentioned in the text. The writer referred to says Mr. Berry «' haying visited the Fijian Group for sandal wood, be returned to the north-east coast of New Zealand about tbe middle of December, 1809. Arriving again at the Bay of Islands, the Maories — then in a savage state — came to Captain Berry, and teld him that a British ship had been taken by the i natives at Wangaroa, a harbour about twenty miles to the north-westward of where the City of Edinburgh was then lying. | Berry determined to go round to Wangaroa, to see if he could not save some of the missing crew ; and he accordingly started J with three armed boats, leaving his vessel as safe as he could I manage to make her with only a small portion of«her erew, and j with the aid of Borne friendly natives. The party, however, ex- j perienced very bad weather, and were at first obliged to return to tbe ship ; but the indomitable courage and chivalry of Berry, j tben in bis 29th year, impelled him to make a second attempt, j in which be proved to be more successful. He foond the Boyd ia shoal water, in the inner portion of the Wangaroa harbour, ! grounded, with her cables cut, and burned to the water's | edge. In her hold were seen the remains of her cargo— coals, salted sealskins, and plasks; her guns, iron, standards, See., I were iying on the' top, having fallen in when the vessel was set j fire to by the savages, and her crew most inhumanly massacred, j Captam A. Berry was remarkable for the popularity which he j enjoyed among the Maories, or certain death must have befallen him and his ciew in the steps he felt in duty bound to take on this j most melancholy ocoasion. Opening a direct communication with j the native chieftains and their people, he too soon ascertained the dreadful fate of the captain and crew of the Boyd, all of 1 whom had been killed under circumstances ef revolting barbarity. After the general massacre there had been a cannibal feast, the | last of those killed (the mate) having been murdered a fortnight after the ship was seized. Only four Europeans escaped. One woman (named Moseley), two female children, and a ship's boy named Davies were not killed at the taking of the Boyd ; and by his brave and persevering interposition with the Chief Tipahi and others, Captain Berry at length brought them all off in the boatB to his own ship, and so took them away from New Zealand. The mother of one of these two girls was a passenger from New South Wales to England, and she was one of those who were thus brutally murdered. Her little child was the daughter of Mr. Commissary Broughton, of Appin, and is still living. The woman Mrs. Moseley, wbo was saved, died afterwards at Lima, but her child was ultimately restored to this colony by her friend and preserver. The lad Davies, subsequently in the em ploy of Mr. Brown, the owner of the Boyd, was drowned off the Australian coast some years after his escape from Wangaroa. It would appear that the unfortunate master of the Boyd was not altogether without blame for the way in whieh he had rashly provoked the natives. Captain Berry wrote a letter to Mr. Brown (from Lima, on the 20th of October, 1810), reporting the loss of the Boyd and the rescue of the survivors ; and he afterwards (at the request of Mr. Archibald Constable), published in London, January, 1819, further and more elaborate particulars of the catastrophy. It was only by a bold and skilful management of the chiefe, Tipahi of the Bay of Islands, and Tupi and Tarra, chiefs of Koro rarika, that Captain Berry managed to save the four survivors. I Propitiated by the presents, and half scared by the friendly but I energetic remonstrances of their white visitor, Tupi and Tarra took Berry with them from the outer or eastern bay to where the wreck was lying, and then used their best influence in I restoring the woman and the three 'children to security on the deck of the City of Edinburgh. The local chieftains at Wangaroa (Metanangha and Towaki) also co operated with Berry on the occasion, and were believed to be per fectly innocent of the massacre. Those who had been concerned in the outrage frankly, and Hot without inride, confessed to their share in thesame. Berry did not take their lives, but ina daring and characteristic manner he dealt out even-handed justice on some of the most guilty in the name of the 'King of England.' The natives alleged that the ship was attacked because the master (Captain Thompson) had. subjected a chief to some degrading punishment for a theft committed by one of his people. Having obtained! the survivors of the Boyd, and completed h«a cargo, Captain Berry finally tailed from New Zealand on the 6th of January, 1810. was rocky, but we hoped to be able to weigh it ia the morning. Next day it blew so strong that it was impossible to weigh anchor. A boat was, however, despatched with an officer to endeavour to discover some shel tered no«k where we might anchor the vessel. Ihe stormy weather continued for several days, rendering it impossible, or dangerous, to attempt to weigh the anchor. After some days the mate returned and informed us that he could find no safe anchorage, and had been unable to return because the weather was so stormy. He had only time to take some re freshment when a Bailor came and said, ' The ship is adrift.' In those days ships had only hempen cables, and the rocks had cut the cables. The mate asked me what he should do with the ship. I replied, ' Keep her afloat.' Here was the dismantled ship without rudder or anchors, in the midst of an unknown archipelago of islands in Terra del Fuego, one of the most stormy and dreary countries in the world. For some days we drifted about at the mercy of the tides and currents ; but fortunately the weather proved moderate, and at length we were able to faBten the ship to the rocks, although in a rather exposed situation. Hitherto we had seen no signs of natives, but one morning we observed some in several canoes made of baik. The head man rose in one of the canoes, held up something white, and approached the ship, calling out, ' Pickeray ! Piokeray ! ' The canoes were ballasted with some earth on which they had a tire. The poor little shivering natives were clothed with sealskins, fastened to their bodies in. the moBt artless and simple manner. They had no food ia their canoes but some large mussels which were plentiful en the rocks. They struck fire with large lumps of copper pyrites, and when asked where they got it, they pointed to the mountains. I had no chemical tests, but I roasted 6ome of it and afterwards put it in vinegar, which on being applied to the blade of a knife covered it with copper. The mussels alluded to were very large, but the outsides of the shells were generally corroded, and w ere full of ill- coloured and ill-shapeid pearls. These natives, after exchanging some pieces of seal skin and other trifles with the sailors, took their leave, llie old native women were the dealers, and they had plenty of tongue. By-and-bye, I discovered a small, snug, sheltered, nook, where there was deep water, close to a perpen dicular rock ; there being also plenty of trees and a thick bush for about 200 yards above the high-water mark. The vessel was immediately removed to this shelter ; and fortunate it was that we did so remove her, for the same night a fearful gale of wind took place, but we were so perfectly secure that we did not feel a breath of it. Amongst the trees I found plenty of the winter's bark, which resembles sassafras. 1 used it myself, and recommended it to ths people. One day I went alone to the top of the mountain. A bove the nai row border of trees there was nothing but rock ; not a particle of soil, and the rocks every where smoothed and polished with the rains. There was neither bird nor insect, nor any sign of animal life. And, as far as the eye could reach, the sane picture of desolation presented itself. In our sheltered nook we improved our make-shift ruddir, and repaired our sails, and other damages, as far as our means permitted. I had heard, from some ship in New Zealand, that there had been a revolution in Spain, and that Eng land and Spain were now friends ,* but this was doubtful, as I had seen no newspaper. I had, how ever, read Lord Byron's narrative, who describes the kind reception wmch the Chilians had given to him and Captain Cheap after the wreck of the Wager — one of Lord Anson's fleet — and I therefore deter mined, if possible, to take refuge on the coast of Chile. Fortunately, I had in my possession Frezian's voy age to the W est Coast of South America translated by Dr. Halley. He was a French officer of engineers, who had been sent clandestinely by the French Government to survey the Coast of Chile and Peru during the war of succession, and his book contains plans of the principal ports. When leaving ' Preservation Harbour,' or rather Nook, we had another visit from the same1 tribe of Fuegiaus who had formerly visited us. On. getting out of our nook the ship got entangled in a float of the Jicus giganteus , and some of the stems got between, the rudder and the stern post, and prevented the motion of the ship. We sent a boat to cut them away, and the poor natives came in their canoes to assist us. They had no knives to cut the stems, but they began | to bite them across with their teeth. With some difficulty we got safely out of the bay, and proceeded on our voyage to the northward, it must have been about the time of the autumnal equinox, and we experienced a succession of storms ; the winds being generally from the north-east, with hazy weather. This rendered our voyage very tedious, and the storms repeatedly displaced our makeshift rudder. From such a protracted voyage our provisions began to run short, and I wished to reduce the rations; but all hands opposed it so much that I was obliged to succumb. Some time after, most of the crew came and insisted that the ship should be run ashore on the coast of Patagonia, and on my refusal they refused to work any longer, and went below. The officers and a few of the men continued to work as usual, and the mutineers seeing this, returned to their duty next day. Some days after this we experienced a heavy gale from the north which displaced our makeshift rudder. At this time the weather was very hazy. Suddenly the wind shifted to the south and cleared away the haze, when we saw a ship (perhaps not' more than a quarter ot a mile ahead of us) still struggling with the northerly wind. We hoisted the British flag, union down, and fired a gun. She hoisted the Yankee flag, but immediately the southerly wind reached her, she braced round her yards and bore away without speaking to us. On reaching the port of Valparaiso, some days after, she told the people that they would soon hear of the wreck of an English vessel on the coast, as they had seen one in great distress. On arriving near Conception, I sent a boat ashore te Talcahuano, which brought little provisions; and I went myself to Zome, where I purchased such pro visions as the village could supply, and some days after we reached the harbour of Valparaiso. Here we found the Spanish frigate Astrea, com manded by Don Joaquin Toledo, a lieutenant in the Spanish navy, which had arrived there from Lima a day or two before. Toledo and his first lieutenant,* Eugenio Cortez, immediately came oa board, and as we had neither anofc— nor cables they lent ub what we wanted until we could be provided for from the shore. There was no cable in the place, but they made one for us. If it had not been for the Astrea, I do not know what we could have done, for Valparaiso is an open roadstead, and, as there was no quay, it was necessary to land on. the beach. I Don Joaquin gave us every assistance in his power, I and used all bis influence with the Government in our behalf. Our rudder was provided with new brass pintals. We were, however, directed by the Govern ment to proceed to Lima, under convoy of the Astrea, as our necessary repairs were effected. And Eugenio Cortez promised to introduce me to Mr. Ferrer, a merchant in lama, who became my agent. A day or two after my arrival the Yankee captain addressed me. I asked him why he would not stop jH»H speak to us when we hoisted a signal of dis tress? ' I guess,' he said, 'that I had been a long time from home, and did not know whether there anight not have been war between England and .America, in which case, if you had been a manof war, you might have taken me.' I replied, 'You told die Spaniards that we were in such distress that ?you expected we would be wrecked on the coast. No matter, we have arrived safe without your assist ance. But what has just been my case may be your case hereafter, and you may be treated in the way, as a just punishment for your inhumanity.' He looked abashed, pulled out his snuff-box, and offered jne a pinch, but I declared that I never snuffed. The Governor of Valparaiso examined me on oath, and the captain and same of the men respecting the voyage and destination of our ship. The common people could hardly understand how we could reach the west coast of South America without coming xound Cape Horn, and entertained suspicions that we might be a smuggler in disguise. Therefore, they examined all eur trunks and boxes. They were very much surprised to find that I had such a large col lection of bookB. When I had arrived at New South Wales the colony was on the eve of a revolution from the tyranny ? of Bligh, and the same was the case in Chile ; it did not, however, take place until some time after ?we left for Lima. But the President of, Chile sent to. Lima, in the Astrea, some of the heads of the impending revolution— the President of Chile being .subordinate to the Viceroy of Peru. Don Joaquin Toledo received orders from the President of Chile -to convey us safely to Lima ; but as he knew there was no chance of our attempting to escape, although we weighed anchor and made sail at the same time, the next moming he was not in sight, and he leached Lima several days before us. On our way to Lima we spoke an English whaling ?vessel on the coast ; and I purchased a bale of slops for my people. A Mr. Moore, the chief mate, came ? on board of the city of Edinburgh, and delivered them. He, long after, commanded a vessel called the Woodlark- in the employment of Jones and Walker. He was the father of Mr. Henry Moore, the agent for the P. and O. Steam Company. Mr. Cortez on his arrival at Lima immediately called on his friend Don Joaquin Maria de Ferrer j who, on our arrival at Callao, came on board next day and agreed to act as my agent and protector. A peiition was sent to the Viceroy, giving a detail of the voyage, and requesting him to allow the cargo to be discharged and sold to enable me to repair the ship. This the Viceroy very generously granted ; but, unfortunately, there was very little demand for spars in Lima, and they proved unsalable. But Mr. Ferrer liberally supplied me with money to enable me to have the ship repaired. A second petition was then sent to the Viceroy re questing him to allow the ship to take a cargo from Lima to Cadiz, which Mr. Ferrer agreed to furnish. To this also the Viceroy agreed. But, unfortunately, ?sl person of the name of Verduga (who had built a large ship) opposed it, as it would be contrary not only to Spanish law, but contrary to his interest. This gentle man was a member of the municipality of Lima, and all the members joined him in opposing me. Besides this, thfere was a revolution in Chile, and a rebellion in Upper Peru, and the Viceroy did not like to oppose the municipality. But after many months, he acceded to my wisheB, during which time the expenses of the ^vessel were absolutely ' eating her up.' On arriving at Callao, Mrs. Mosely and her child left the ship. As she was a Roman Catholic, some charitable person received her into his house ; but she died there some ononihs after. A few days subsequent to my arrival at Callao, as I saw that Betsy Broughton was ill cared for, 1 asked Sir. Ferrer whether he would get some decent person to take-care of her. He said that he would look out. Two or three days after he came down in his calesa and requested me to go to Lima with him, and the little girl, as .he had got a proper person to take care of her. He took me to a highly respectable house and in \- troduced me to a charming Spanish lady, who said that she would be moBt happy to take charge of her. On leaving the house I told Mr. Ferrer that my object in ?speaking to him was that he might get some decent person to take charge of the child for hire. He re plied, ' Never mind.' He- said the ladies m Lima *were generally rather bad, but that the lady to whom ihe had introduced me was an exception ; that 6he was the wife of Don Gaspar Rico, the manager of a large Madrid company, and having no children of her own was delighted with the idea of taking -care of the little girl. ' But,' said he, ' you must -visit her every day when you go to Liipa, as otherwise the little girl will forget you altogether.' After a little time Mr. and Mrs. Rico became so fond of the little girl that Mr. Rico made me many overtures to leave the child with them. But I considered it my duty, if possible, to restore her to her father. The girl herself would have been much pleased to have -been left with her handsome mamma ; and I was told 'by a lady in Sydney that she wished I had left her in Lima, and that for that reason she never once paid me a visit when she came to Sydney. It would have been a sad thing if I had left her in Lima, for Don Gaspar Rico \- died of hunger in the castle of Callao. Rico belonged | to the Loyalist party, which at length took refuge in j the castle, where they were regularly starved out. j .A rat was there sold for an ounce of gold ! I do not know, however, whether Mrs. Rico was along with i Jhim. Some time after my arrival at Callao, a vessel called the Archduke Charles arrived with a licensed cargo 'for Lima. On her departure I sent to the owner of 'the ship Boyd the logbook of that illfated vessel, and also a short account of her capture by the natives of New Zealand, and how I rescued the survivors. Constable (the Edinburgh publisher and book ?seller), and Brown, the owner of the Boyd, ?were married to two sisters ; and Brown gave my letter to Constable, who published it inliis magazine. X also sent my agent in London the ' seconds ' of the tills which 1 received from Simeon Lord, and which I had recovered from the Maories ; and I likewise sent the duplicates of the paper respecting my claim \- on the Government on account of my Norfolk Island voyage, which reached their destination in safety, but years after they ought to have reached London. Having at last received permission to take a cargo to Cadiz, consisting of copper and tin for ballast, Peruvian bark, and some cacao, the ship was dis patched to Guayaquil to complete-her cargo by filling up with cacao. , Mr. Toledo and Mr. Cortez went with me as pas sengers to Cadiz. Having completed our cargo at Guayaquil we made sail for Cadiz. In working out of the bay of Guayaquil the vessel : got ashore on the banks of Payana, and I was obUged to return to Guayaquil to discharge this cargo . repair the damage, when it was necessary to heave the vessel down. We made sail a second time, and reached Rio -Janeiro in safety. After leaving Rio we experienced a succession of storms, in consequence of which the ? ship again began to leak ; and when we were near the Azores Islands she became waterlogged, and began to leak by the head, and we were obliged to hoist out the ?long boat and abandon her. As the weather was so stormy, and the ship rolled so much, the longboat was so much damaged by striking against the ship's side that it became neces sary to lighten her by throwing out everything she contained, except a little biscuit and water. In this confusion my box of papers was thrown overboard also, so that I did not save a slip of paper or any document of my long and disastrous voyage — among other things the third*, of Lord's bills, and duplicates of the papers respecting the claim on the Govern ment for the Norfolk Island freight. Chapter VII. The City of Edinburgh founders at sea — Narrow escape of tie survivors — Arrival at Graciosa — Hospitable re ception by the Capitan Mor — Manners of tho people — Rambles over the island — F sist days protested against — Arrival at Terceira — Kindly received by the Consul — Practice as a medico — A lady who has lost her voice receives professional advice — Trajo* from Terceira to St. Michael's — Toledo and Berry sail for Lisbon in the John — Brutal reception from the British Consul — Sails in the Coatianza for Cadiz — Arrival at Cadiz — j Soult bombards Cadiz, but does not disturb the ancient i mariner—Business and business complications — Soult's ' fireworks — Yellow fever and epidemia — Long and dan gerous illness— Berry Studies Spanish — Leaves Cadiz for England in a small fruit ship — Taken by a Yankee j privateer— Bobbed by the officers — An engagement expected— Conducted to the cabin below. It was late in the afternoon before we left the ship ; which we did not do until the water was nearly up to the lower deck. The stern was up and her stem down at a considerable angle. About that time there was a kind of lull, but the wind increased to a gale as the sun went down. This gale was from the south-west, with a tremendous sea, and we ran before it all night. The boat leaked very much, and we sometimes shipped a sea, so that the people were employed in throwing out the water with buckets, old shoes, and hats. Next morning this wind moderated, and we availed ourselves of this to stop the leak with pieces of lead or leather. About noon we saw the tops of he mountains of Fayal, or St. George, and we stood towards them. But the wind soon shifted to the north, and increased to a heavy gale, and we were obliged to run before it, and kept running to the north all the afternoon and all night. At day light the wind shifted to the east, and we again ran before it. About noon it cleared up, and we got a meridianal observation, by which we found that we were to the north of the A '/.ore Islands. At this nick of time the wind shifted to the south, and we again ran before it : and some hours after, sighted the island of Giaeiosa. We saw a village on the north coast of Graciosa, but did not dare to approach it, because it was on the lee shore, and the wind was very strong. We therefore tan down on the east side of the island, and at length saw an islet with a passage between it and Graciosa. This we determined to try for, in order to keep near the land, and we fortunately found the water very smooth. After passing the islet we saw some people working at a quarry. We asked them if there was any landing place r And they pointed to a place a little further on where there was a village. There we found a little sandy cove, and ran the boat ashore. Opposite this cove there was a respectable looking house of two stories. A young gentleman came from the house, and we explained to him that we Wfere shipw recked people. He told us that that house was the residence of Mr. Bethancourt, the ' Capitan Mor' of the island, and requested us to go and speak to him. I, Toledo, Moralez (a Spanish gentleman who was a passenger from Lima) and the captain of the ship thus entered the house. Mr. Bethancourt, after hearing our case, gave us refreshment. The young gentleman who had introduced us was a native of the island of St. Michael, had married the eldest daughter of our host, and was stopping there for some months previous to his return to his own home. They agreed amongst them selves that the son-in-law should entertain the two Spanish gentlemen and that the Capitan Mor would keep me and the captain. We were all wet to the skin, and I had jumped ashore barefooted, having taken off my stockings in the boat to allow them to dry. The onlv thing I saved from the wreck was my watch, which 1 still wear. It had been made for me in London. They showed me and the captain into a room, and gave us some old clothes to put on, until our own were dried at the kitchen fire. On shifting ourselves the servant saw my watch. After shifting ourselves I went to speak to the Capitan Mor. He asked to see my watch, which I showed him. He said that be would like to buy it. I replied that it had been made for me in London, and that I would not like to part with it, as it had been the only thing I had saved from the shipwreck. He said no more. Next morning the boat which had saved us was found to have been knocked to pieces by the waves in the little cove. There was no British Consul at Graciosa, and the next day there was a boat provided to carry the crew to the Island of Terceira, the capital of the islands. While preparing to embark, Muchado (a Portuguese gentleman) came to Toledo, and requested him not to go with so many people. He said that he would leave Graciosa in a few days in a boat of his own, and would take him and Moralez, the other Spanish gentleman, and myself; and that it would be more comfortable for us. Toledo and Moralez came to me and said that they would leave it to me to decide what they should do. i After some consideration, I replied that I thought that we should avail ourselves of Mr. Muchado's offer, which they were very glad to do. It would have been very disagreeable again to go to sea in an open boat with so many people and such a motley crew. But it appeared afterwards that Muchado was not prepared to leave the island so soon as he had led us to expect, for it proved to be three or nearly tour weeks before he was ready to go. Mr. Bethan court sometimes grumbled to me about the delays of Muchado, but was always kind. Mr. Bethancourt was a Knight of the Order of St. Jago, and there were certain religious services belonging to that Order which he always at the appointed time performed punctually in our presence, and always listened to I our conversation while he was walking about the room saying his prayers. And he generally made some remark at the end of every prayer. It was not the custom of Graciosa for the ladies to appear to strangers, and I never once saw Mrs. Bethancourt. I sometimes saw Miss Bethancourt looking over the balcony, but she always immediately disappeared. She was a fair, goodlooking young lady. Mis. Bethancourt used to send me a rose on a silver tray every second or third day by her servant, with compliments. We used to make little tours about the island mounted on jackasses ; and upon one occasion we visited an old crater in the centre of the island. The lips of the crater were entire. The bottom was covered with grass and pools of water, and used by the natives as a bleaching green ; but there was a cavern under, with a lagoon of hot water, 'but we could not enter it from not being provided with ropes. A considerable part of the island was planted with vines, between old stones of lava, and the vineyards were always protected with high walls to shelter the vines from being injured by the frequent storms. The Spaniards and the son-in-law of Mr. Bethan court, with myself, always spent 'our days with that gentleman but we passed the evenings at the house ofhis son-in-law, where we played a game at cards, and ! his wife always appeared at supper and made herself | very pleasant. Her husband said that he wished to accustom her to appear in company, as was now the custom in the island of St. Michael. As the family of Mr. Bethancourt went early to bed, I was furnished with a lantern and a key to enter my own apartment. I recollect first passing along the solitary beach with my lantern, when the winds were howling and the surf was dashing against the rocks ; it absolutely gave me the horrors when I reflected on my desolate position. But upon the - whole I passed my time rather pleasantly than other- j wise, and have always gratefully recalled to my j memory the kindness and hospitality I experienced j at Graciosa. i Mr. Bethancourt kept a very fair table, but he was I a tigid Romanist, and on Fridays and Saturdays had nothing on his table but fritters and pancakes. This did not please my friend Toledo, who complained to me of the meagre diet. I excused our worthy host, and said that he was only acting up to the dictates of his religion. 'Nonsense,' Toledo replied, 'these meagre days have nothing to do with religion ; they are only a canonical regulation, and even a medico can give a certificate to get rid of it. And it ought to have been dispensed with in our instance, as we are shipwrecked people. Besides which the Pope has given a Bull, in virtue of which all the soldiers and sailors of the King of Spain can eat beef every day of the week.' I replied, ' Mr. Bethancourt may know nothing about such a Bull.' ' Well,' rejoined Toledo, ' if he does not he must be a very ignorant man.' Graciosa must have many wrecks near the coast for an immense number of fine logs of mahogany had lately been thrown on the shore ; and many of the inhabitants had been using them to make chairs, tables, and chests of drawers for their houses. At length Muchado completed his arrangements, and we took our departure from Graciosa, and arrived with safety at the harbour of Angra, in Terceira. The English Consxll was a Mr. Dalton, an Irish gentleman, who received me with great kindness. A few days after a small vessel arrived from London, consigned to Mr. Dalton, who loaded her with oranges, and gave the captain a passage to London. The captain on his arrival it Terceira, had made the usual protest concerning the loss of the vessel, and took a copy of it with him. Mr. Dalton daring my stay showed me the greatest kindness, took me to all the national fk.es, and showed me all 1he lions of the place, and offered to supply me with money, but I only availed myself of his courtesy in this respect to a very limited extent, and gave him a bill for the same upon Messrs. Robert White and Son, of Cadiz, to whom I had written from Lima to insure the 6hip and freight from Lima to Cadiz— a bill which was, in the end, duly t honoured. My friends told the people at Terceira that I was a medico, and as medicos were scarce at Terceira I immediately had lots of patients, particularly amongst the ladies, who began to send me letters containing all manner of complaints about their state of health, and asking me to give them advice how it was to be restored. But none of them would venture to show their faces, far leBS allow me to feel their pulse. I had no medicines to give them, and there fore contented myself by giving them general remarks about the best sort of regimen necessary to be ob served for the restoration of their health. One poor lady wrote to me that she originally had a charming voice, and could sing beautifully. She however, had had a bad cold, which had produced a hoarseness, and the consequence had been that she had never been able to sing since. I answered her by saying that I could only-. recommend her not to attempt to sing until the hoarseness naturally disap peared ; and even then, at first, to sing but very little. But I said that she could not apply to a worse person ! than myself to enable her to sing again, for that I had never sung a song in my lite. One day a war schooner called the Thetis entered the Bay ot Angra, with a message to the British Con sul, — going afterwards to St. Michael's. Mr. Dalton sent lor me, and the Commandant of the Thetis, agreed to give me a passage to St. Michael's, where I I could more readily obtain a passage to Lisbon, or I Cadiz, than from Terceira. I sent for Toledo and Moralez. But Moralez had some political dispute w ith Toledc, and declined to accompany him. There fore Toledo and myself went on board the Thetis. On arrival at St. Michael's, Mr. lleid, the British Consul, came on board, and the Commandant of the Thetis in troduced me to that gentleman, who invited me ashore to his house. Mr. Reid had, at that time, only one stranger in his house — a Mr. Barrett, a London solicitor — who had come to St. Michael's on account of his health, accompanied with his wife. It muBt have been only a few days before the birth day of George HI. (the 4th of June), for Mr. Reid was very busy naking preparations for the celebra tion of that day. in the year 1812. Both Mr. Reid and Mr. Barrett were able and intelligent men, and I passed about two or three very agreeable days in his house. Mr. Reid promised to show me some of the . wonders of the island ; when, suddenly, a transport, bound to Lisbon, appeared off the island, in which Mr. Reid gave a passage to Toledo and myself. Mr. Reid also gave me a passport, and the charge of his despatches to the Minister at Lisbon — named, as I think, the Conde de Souza. 1 had neither bedding nor baggage, neither had my friend Toledo. On our arrival we found the wife o'f the captain on board. She received us in a very friendly macner, and said she was very happy to say that she could accommodate us very well. An 1 both this* lady and her husband did everything m their power to mike both of us comfortable. We had a pleasant voyage to Lisbon. The name ot this transport — in which I went from St. Michael's in the Azores to Lisbon — was, I believe, the John, but I forget, at this distance of time, the name of the captain. Some years after Mr. Wols ton- craft and myself had finally settled in Sydney a certain ship came consigned to our house. I imme diately recognised the captain, and told him that we were old acquaintances, and that he had brought me and a Spanish gentleman from St. Michael's to Lisbon. He stared at me and said, 'Now I recollect from this incident : — On the second day after leaving St. Michael's I was on the forecastle taking the meridianal altitude of the sun. You came on the fore castle and asked me the altitude. I told you, and you asked me for my quadrant ; but before looking at the sun you examined the quadrant to see if it was in adjustment. You then looked at the sun, returned me the gradient, and said ' you are right.' ' I need hardly say that I was most happy to have an oppor tunity of repaying this captain for his kindness. On arriving at Lisbon my first care was to deliver Mr. Reid' 8 despatches to the Portuguese Minister ; but on returning to the hotel where I had slept, I found that the police had been making some inquiry about my passport. To my surprise 1 could not find it. I therefore called upon Mr. Jeffreys, the British Consul, and showed him the protest made at Terceira before Mr. Dalton. He received me roughly, and made certain opprobrious remarks respecting Dalton, and said that he could not i give credit to any document to which Dalton had put i his name, and pointed out that two of the sailors' names attached to the protest were Portuguese names. These men, I should here state, were men who hii shipped at Rio Janeiro in place of some sailors wh» entered with the Man-of-war.' I took up my protest and left his office. I only mention this circumstance as it was the second time £ had been treated with rudeness during my long and disastrous voyage; the first time, as already men tioned, was by the notorious ' Bounty ' Bligh. I found afterwards that -this was the usual way ia which Jeffreys was accustomed to treat strangers. A friend of mine who had accompanied his sister to Madeira, on account of her health, went home by way of Lisbon, but brought no passport with him front Madeira, and Mr. Jeffreys, instead of aiding hita* gave him so much annoyance that he was obliged to apply to the British Ambassador. I suppose he was a descendant of the notorious Judge of James the Second. Be this as it may, his rough and brutai conduct was all for the best as respects myself. On leaving Jeffreys's office I met Toledo, and gave him an account of the interview which I had had with Jeffreys. lie expressed his astonishment, but said, *' Do not give yourself the trouble to apply to De Souza about your passport ; I have just seen the Spanish Ambassador, and he has ordered me a pas sage in the Spanish vessel Confianza which sails to morrow morning for Cadiz. I shall return to him and request that he will order you a passage also. And this he did. I went on board the Confianza early in the morn ing. She was then at anchor near the mouth of the Tagus. I was introduced to two Spanish gentlemen who had come passengers in the shiplfr^m London. I entered into conversation with one of them named Gomez. He was a very social and intelligent gentle man. I asked him what the ship was waiting for * He replied that they were waiting for an English gentleman who had gone ashore to transact some business. Soon after, a tall, formal-looking young man, dressed in black, came on board, and had some conversation, with his friends, and I saw that he gave me a look askance, but did r.ot take any further notice of me. He took a book out of his pocket, and sat down on a seat on the deck and began to read it. I again had a long conversation with Gome7, who spoke English verv well, but our conversation was carried on in Spanish. At length he said, ' Why do you show no civility or kindness ( cartm ) to your countryman r ' I replied, ' He has shown none to me : he is at home here, and I am a stranger.' I asked who he was, an! what was his name. Gomez replied, ' His name is Wollstonecroft ; he is a connection ot Mr. De Zastel, a large Spanish merchant in London, and we have been in l)e Zastel'8 office together. I then went and seated myself beside Wollstone croft, and mentioned what Gomez had informed me. I asked him if, while in De Zastel's office, he had ever heard of a ship named the City of Edinburgh ? 'Often,' he said. 'She has been long expected.' I then gave him a history of the shipwreck, and told him that I was on my way to Cadiz, for the purpose of seeing Mr. Robert White and Son, to whom the cargo was consigned, and to whom 1 had written to insure the ship and freight. I had read some of the works of Mary Wollstone eroft, and;her life by Godwin. I asked if he was a relation of hers. He replied, in a slighting manner, ' She was an aunt of mine.' This is the way our acquaintance commenced, which lasted until his death parted us. We had a favourable voyage from Lisbon to Cadiz. We reached the harbour of Cadiz late in the after noon, on that very day when Soult, having repaired his batteries, again recommenced to bombard Cadiz. His bombs were at once replied to by the bomb vessels in the harbour, and the fiery missiles were . even then crossing each other. Many of Soult's missiles fell into the water amongst the shipping, but did not hit any of them. The din, however, that all this firing caused gave me a violent headache. Next morning Wollstonecroft and myself went ashore together, and called on Robert White and Son. They informed me that the ship and freight had been insured in London according to my instruc tions ; partly in the Royal Exchange, and partly ia the London Insurance Offices. The premium was high, and unfortunately I had not instructed them to insure the premium. We dined with the Messrs. White, and in the evening Wollstonecroft went on board the Confianza. I slept in the Posada, and wit the only one that slept in the house ; all the others keeping on the watch all night. But I had now be come so reckless that I did not care a button for Soult or his missiles. When a missile went over me I always awoke and turned over, but fell asleep again ; and this I did all night. Soult's missiles were moonshine to the dangers I had undergone. After all, the bom bardment was a farce, and did little or no damage. But it amused the people by an exhibition ef artificial firewoike, the distance being at least four miles across ? the bay. The missiles were not large, and when filled with powder were so light as to be affected by the prevailing winds. They therefore poured into them, a quantity of lead, and filled them up with powder. But the powder so used was not sufficient to explode tbe bomb, so that they only acted as solid round shot. The roofs of the houses in Cadiz are all flat, and I used to amuse myself by watching Soult's display of fireworks. First a long column of smoke was seen to issue from the obus, and some time after there would be a long report. Sometimes after the fiery missile was seen floating like a meteor through the atmosphere, when it attained its greatest altitude it began to descend with so much rapidity that it would be no longer visible, but when it approached the earth it caused such a terrible tohiz, that I always made an in voluntary bow to it. I was much annoyed at being thus compelled to ' do obeiBance ' to Soult's missiles, and I olten determined not to do so, but never succeeded. I recollect one day, after Soult had commenced his second bombardment, Wollstonecroft and myself were standing on the ramparts near the Water Gate, and all at once Soult began his pyrotechnics! display. The fust shot fell down into the fish market, a spot close by and very crowded — we saw that it had killed some one. Wollstonecroft said: 'We had better get out of this.' I replied, ' There is very little danger. Only calculate the size of our heads and tbe size of the missiles. It is fifty . thousand to one t-.at they don't hit us.' He looked at me and smiled. £ asked if he did not agree with niv calculation of chances. He replied, 'I have no objection to your calculation of chances, but I like my own better.' I believe that these two were the only men whom I saw killed in Cadiz during the siege. Indeed, I have no reason to quarrel 'with Soult's missiles, for no one fell near me except once, when I was taking a cup of chocolate in a coffee-house for breakfast. ! On that occasion one of the missiles fell in the narrow street in front of the door. . It merely broke the arch of a gutter, and stuck in the hole. j W ollatonecroft and myself took lodgings in the same house. He first became my agent, and went to Lou- ^ don to manage my affairs, ana afterwards he becime ; my partner. On the arrival of Wollstonecroft in London, he J ascertained that Mr. Short, at the Cape, had inter cepted the bills and documents which I had addressed to my agent ia London— a Mr. Batley. I suppose th&t; -Xord had sent them to Short, instead of sending them to their address, particularly as the ship Boyd intended to call at the Cape with epars. But I, fortunately, recovered the ' seconds ' of the bills and documents . from the Maories, and sent them to London by the ship Archduke Charles. When these reached the hands «f Mr. Batley, he found that the bills had been p re- sented to the party en whom they were drawn and dishonoured, but that Short had recovered from the Treasury the £2000 which had been offered me by the Foveaux. After the evacuation of Norfolk Island Captain Piper went to London and recommended to the Treasury that they should pay the full freight, which they agreed to do. Fortunately my documents arrived into the hands of Mr. Batley before the re mainder of the freight got into the hands of Short's father, and he prevented him from getting it. I think it was £1900, or thereabouts. Mr. Batley appointed Mr. Edward Smith Hall and the Rev. Mr. Marsden to recover the amount due by Mr. Simeon Lord in Sydney. On the arrival of these j documents in Sydney they found that Short had sent a person from die Cape to recover the amounts due by Lord ; they (Messrs. Hall and Marsden) prevented 3-im from doing so, and he left Sydney. Ball and Marsden succeeded in recovering a con ciderable sum from Mr. S. Lord and from John Blax Jand— who had entered into a sort of partnership with Lord. But Mr. Marsden had trusted to Hall as a man of business, and he appropriated the money he recovered to his own affairs, and did not remit it to MV. Batley, Captain Piper had been appointed Collector of Customs in Sydney, and I therefore appointed him as jay agent in Sydney, to supersede Messrs. Hall and Marsden. Mr. Wolstonecroft also called upon all soy creditors and found them all to a man, kind and friendly. They were all, however, already acquainted with my history up to a certain time, from Mr. Bat ley. The Messrs. 'White of Cadiz, sent the protest con cerning the loss ol the 'City of Edinburgh,' to London, and the agents recovered the amount of the insurance ordered from the two London offices, I made out a pro forma account of the amount ex pended on account of the average incurred at Guaya quil. I had no document to prove items, but I knew to a certainty the amount which it had cost me. In the meantime Mr. Toledo had been appointed to s Spanish ship-of-war bound to Stockholm, and touched at Portsmouth on her passage. Thi6 came to the knowledge of Wollstonecroft, and he wrote to Toledo requesting that he would make a statement of the expenses incurred at Guayaquil. Thi6 Toledo readily agreed to do, and his statement coincided so much with my own that the two statements were *ubmittedto Mr. Ludlam, an average-agent. Mr. Ludlam drew out a formal report which, on being sent to the two offices that had insured the ship was con sidered so conclusive that they paid their quota. Mr. De Zastel, the owner of the cargo, at first refused te pay his quota ; but on the case being submitted to his own solicitor, and to his insurance agent, they both of them advised him to pay his quota ; which r eventually he did. The recovery of the insurance enabled me to pay Mr. Farrer for his advances at Lima, but left only a small edging to me. I remained long at Cadiz, after Mr. Wollstonecroft, in 'hopes that I might «btain an account of the cargo «f spars, which I had left unsold in Lima ; but I was ultimately disappointed, and only received, long after, a trifling sum. While residing at Cadiz the yellow fever began to prevail or rage in the city. I, however, had no fear flf what they called the epidemia. One day after this 1 went to give a friendly call on a Peruvian gentle man whom i had known in Lima. On leaving thiB house his servant told me that there wag a person in the house afflicted with the ' epidemia.' This gave me no fear or apprehension of any kind. On reach ing my own house I walked to examine some flowers in flower pots. Whilst so engaged I felt an uneasy sensation, something like hunger at my stomach. I went into my apartment and took a crust of bread, and began to munch it. Suddenly I felt three slight shocks, proceeding from my head to my feet down wards, and immediately afterwards felt myself so weak that I could hardly stand on my legs. I managed to walk into my apartment and threw myself on the bed, ?when I was immediately seized with a violent con vulsive shivering. I instantly conceived that I was afflicted with the epidemia, and I arose and went to my table to write a prescription. I have no idea what it was I proposed to write, but after several attempts, I found myself unable to write a single letter. I became very excited at being thus rendered perfectly helpless, in a minute or two, by this complaint, and dashed my inkstand against the wall. In old picturebooks death is always represented as a grisly skeleton, with a dart in his hand. I was so. excited at the moment, that if I had seen the grisly skeleton on the wall, I believe I would have dashed the inkstand at his head. The effect of this excitement was to 6top the convulsive shivering instantly, and the sensation of debility also left me. But when I looked at the looking glass, I saw ' that my face was like that of a corpse — and for a whole week I had no return of the complaint, nor any symptom of disease, but my face never regained its natural appearance. I neither consulted a medico nor any one else, but every night touk a small dose of calomel as an aperient. During the week, however, the poison must have been fermenting in the blood. At the -end of the week I arose and took my usual breakfast. Soon after I felt chilly, and fell into a short sleep. On awaking I felt generally indisposed, with a throb bing at my temples ; and I told the servant to bring xne some vinegar and water to foment my temples. Instead of doing so he went and informed the ladies of the house that I was 'ailing.' The fact is, that when the epidemia prevails, all minor ailments are suspended. .One of the ladies immediately appeared at the door and asked me what was the matter with me ? I replied, ' Nothing but a cold.' She replied, *' No, it is not a cold, you have got the epidemia ; I know by your fiace. Shall I send for a medico ? ' I replied, 'No; if I have got the epidemia, I can die as well without a medico as with one.' And j here I may state that the family with whom I was staying, had suffered from the epidemia some | years ago, and that it rarely attacks people twice. She I then said, 'What have you sent for ? ' I said, ' Only j a little vinegar to foment my temples.' The lady | replied, 'JYou must not do so. It will drive the in flammation inwards. You must apply sinapisms to yonr feet, and that will remove the determination to the head. You must also apply an earthen poultice, (nixed with Venice turpentine, vinegar, and a sliced onion, to your stomach.' I said, 'I had no other objection to the poultice than that earth was so dirty.' Thelady stud, ' Not at all ; it will be put on between two cloths. It is a Moorish .prescription, sent by Ihe Spanish Consul of Tangiere to Zurilla, some years ago, when the epidemia was raging in that city, and it was , found to be very beneficial.' I agreed to follow their . , advice. While they were preparing the poultice and ' the sinapisms, the symptoms increased rapidly, and a convulsive vomiting commenced. When, however, the sinapisms were applied to the feet, I was sur prised te find how they relieved the head ; and I found the poultice to my stomach very comfortable, and had | jm- retain of vomiting. One of the symptoms was ag if melted lead were circulating in the temporal arte ries, and met at the top of the head. For many years after I always suffered from the same whenever I had a slight cold. During the first night I felt gTe&t; pain all over, and was unable to move myself ; but after that I never had a bad symptom. At the end of three or four days one of the ladies called in the morning to ask how I was. I replied very well, and that I vat thinking of getting up. She said : ' If you do so, you will have a relapse, and these relapses are generally fatal. You must subject yourself to a regulation quarantine (of forty days) and they gave me many instances, even of persons I had known, to prove their assertions. I then asked if she could give me any books to ] read. She said she would give me all that they had. The book they first gave me was ' Don Quixote.' j I believe I had Tead a translation of it, but it was so much mort humorous in the Spanish dialect that, in the excitable state in which I then was, it often occasioned such uncontrollable fits of laughter as almost choked me ; but that, from exciting the circu lation, conduced perhaps to my recovery. The next book was written by a Franciscan monk named Teyos — a book of upwards of twenty volumes. The author had it appeared published a volume every year for upwards of twenty years, and the last volume I had been written upwards of sixty years previously, i The name of the book was a ' Refutation of Vulgar Errors.' I wa6 surprised to find that the vulgar errors of Spain were nearly the same as those at home, and I was pleased at the liberal and enlightened way in which he dealt with them. I read every word of this work through, and it afforded me much amuse ment. I did not stay in bed many days, but was unable to leave the house before the forty days expired, and even then found myself very weak. I now found it useless to stop any longer in Cadiz, and determined to return to England, but it was difficult to. find a ship. At length a small vessel came to Cadiz from Exeter, which the Messrs. White loaded with wine and fruit (raisins). I took my passage on board this ship. The first night I slept on board the ship in the harbour, and the captain entertained me all the evening with superstitious stories. Amongst other things he told me that a little bird, for several nights, had been fluttering about the deck as soon as it became dark ; and that he feared it denoted that some misfortune would happen | during the voyage. On the second day his augury proved correct, for we were captured by a Yankee privateer near Cape St. Vincent. I put half a dozen shirts, my sharing apparatus, and all the papers I had collected at Cadiz, into a leather portmanteau, which I kept in my hand. But the people of the privateer took my trunk of old Spanish books which I had collected at Cadiz. The captain took a boat load of raisins on board and then set fire to the vessel. I crammed a few dollars into my pecket, and gave the rest to a young Scottish sailor to keep for me, which he faithfully did. When I arrived alongside of the privateer with my leather portmanteau in my hand, I clambered up the sides as beBt I could. When near the gangway one of the , officers, apparently to assist me, seized the portman teau, and I never saw it again, although I made many reclamations. I sat down on the quarter deck near the captain, who received me as curtly as the King of Opuna. He hardly spoke at all, but remained on deck au day with his telescope in hi6 hand, and his eyes were bloodshqt. The crew consisted of a rough and motley lot, containing English, Irish, and Scotch renegades. Sometime after the surgeon of the ship came to me and said : 'You have a fine Spanish library ; I would like to purchase it, if you will sell it to me.' As I was in the hands of the people who were hardly better than pirates, I thought it best to make a virtue ol necessity, and said ' very well ; ' but soon after he returned and said 'I must have the books for nothing.' I could of course expect nothing better. The privateer was now standing away to the east ward, and by-and-bye the captain saw a sail a long way ahead and gave chase. As night came on the chief mate came to me, and said, ' We are likely to have an engagement, when we do not wish to have people of your kind on deck; therefore you must go below.' Accordingly he conducted me into a rather large cabin where there were several bed places, CHArTEE VIII. Handed over by the privateer to Swedish friends — Ofl'er of questionable rank declined— Romance of the Life of a Swedish captain — Pass Gibmltar — Arrival at Malaga — Quarantine— Sights at Malaga — Return to Cadiz — French friend and his toasting — The Scottishman stands up for Great Britain— Quizzical Spanish ladies — Stoiy about the Freemasons— Mr. Berry passes in an English ship from Cadis to Bristol— Travels from Bristol to London in the stage-coach— Distinguished fellow-traveller — Arrival at London— Visit to Green wich, where Mr. 'Wolstoncraft was then residing — Reflections— All for the best— About friends and places visited — Conclusion. They did not starve us on board the privateer, and I had eaten a handful of raisins from a box they had brought to the captain before the dinner was served. At dinner they gave us some salt pork. The privateer came up with the ship of which they were in chase at about eleven; or twelve o'clock at night, and they fired a gun to bring her to. The captain of the strange vessel was ordered to come on board with the ship's papers. She was a Swedish ship, from Gothenburg, which had brought a cargo from thence to Oporto, and she hid left that port two or three days before, and was in ballast and bpund to Malaga in search of a cargo. The Yankees were at peace with Sweden, and therefore brdered the captain to return to his ship ; but they also ordered him to take the English prisoners they had on board along with him. A call was now made to the prisoners to come on deck and go over the side for the purpose of being put on board the Swedish ship, j On my arrival on deck I could hardly thread my way through the motley crew. Some of them seized my j hand and spoke to me in Celtic Irish, which t did not i understand. Another fellow seized my hand and said, 'Don't go; we will take the ship, and make you our first lieutenant ! ' I succeeded in getting over the side, unencumbered with baggage. On reaching the deck of the Swede, the captain braced round his yards and proceeded on his voyage. Then he called out, ' Englishmen, come below ! ' — when he regaled us with the best he had, consUting of cold boiled goat's flesh and Oporto wine. I felt more happy in escaping from the Yankees than I did to ' escape from the King of Opuna. The Swedish captain had a large private cabin with I two beds — one on each side. He slept on one of them, and gave me the ether. Next morning at daybreak I ?was awoke by the sailors singing their morning hymn, in which the captain also joined. His name was almost English. It was *' Anderssen.' He spoke | good English, and had traded much to the British Islands — particularly to the Oreades. He told me his whole history ; how he was betrothed to an Orcadian lady and was to have been married on his return from his voyage, but was captured by the French^ thro wn | into prison, and reported to be dead. On bis being liberated he went to reclaim his bride, but found that she had become the wife of a lieutenant of the British ( Navy. She pleaded that it was not her fault, but that she had been deceived by forged letters, which she showed him. ' Well,' he replied, *? under these cir cumstances I do not blame you, and wish you | every happiness, and hope that your actual husband will prove a better husband to you than I would have j been.' On the arrival of the ship at Malaga, she was put i under quarantine, because we (the prisoners) had j come from Cadiz, where the epidemia had been raging ; : but we were relieved at the end of five days. On the passage to Malaga I had a good view of Gibraltar, but of course I never landed there. ! At Malaga, I called with Captain Anderssen on the British Consul, and I asked him to recommend me to , a suitable hotel. He recommended me to one kept by a French widow lady, which I found very comfortable, and with moderate charges. After having been there ! for a few days, the hostess called upon me and eaid that a French gentleman who had just arrived wished me to admit i him as a member of our mess. We, according to the custom of the house, took our breakfast in the kitchen ? ?which we found was the custom with a number of Spanish officers— but we dined and supped in our own apartments. I asked the lady if the gentleman was respectable, and she replied that he had been properly recommended. I asked her to bring him. that I might see him, and judge for myself. She introduced him, and I was rather pleased with his appearance, and he became my constant companion for some months afteT. It was the time of Easter, and I attended a splendid midnight mass. In the church I became very tired, and observed a person seated on a bench apart. I went and seated myself on the same bench. Soon after a priest arrived and addressed a few words to my companion, who then went on his knees before the priest and began to confess his sins. I immedi ately arose and left the place. There was an immense unfinished custom house at Malaga with the names of Philip and Mary Tudor on There had been a great mortality in Malago from the epidemia some years ago, and I visited the part where the victims had' been burned. They had dug great pits for the remains on the teps of the neighbouring hills. They had had there first put a layer of corpses, and then a layer of quick lime, and over that another layer of bodies, and bo on until the pit was full. There was a cross on the top describing the number of the dead the pit contained, and the number of days it took to fill it. This pit, from the decay of the bodies, had sunk into a hollow and was now covered with grass. They had not, however, allowed the Protestants to be buried in these pits, but had buried them among the shingles close to the water's edge. Amongst my rambles one day I found a large open cavern full of dead corpses, which had been embalmed in their usual clothes, and were standing on their feet — most ghastly spectres they were ! On my arrival at Malaga I wrote to the Messrs. White in Cadiz to give me a credit on Malaga, and ' what was curious he referred me to a person of the name of Kirfcpatrick — the person who became the I grandfather cf the French Empress Eugenie. I called once on Kirkpatrick, and only asked him for a | very little money, and gave him an order for the same on the Messrs. White. There were several English ships at Malaga, but none of them were bound either to Cadiz or England except one, and she had just brought a cargo of cod fish for Malaga. This vessel, after loading her cargo, went to Cadiz, and I got a passage to that city on board of her for myself and my French companion, Mr. Legal. At Cadiz, Legal, and I took lodgings in the same house where I had lodged so long. There were many Frenchmen in Cadiz, but although my friend saluted many ot them in the street he never associated with any of them. He had been a junior officer in the French navy, but the vessel had been captured by the English He had been several years a prisoner, and had been liberated after the fall of Napoleon, who was then at Elba. He was much given to boast of the military prowess of the French. It was a common saying of his that the French were the best soldiers in the world ; that the English beat everybody at sea, but were good for nothing on land. This was after the French had been hunted out of Spain by Wellington. At last, tired of these vainglorious gasconades, I said ' Mr. Legal, on what do you ground your assertion that the French are the best soldiers in the world ? ' Hereplied that they had beat the Prussians at Jena, and tie Austrians at Austeilit?., besides in innumer able other battles. I rejoined that the French were undoubtedly gallant soldiers, but that gaining certain battles was no ground for calling them the best soldiers in the world. Then he said, ' I have done, and will argue no more, for if that will not convince you nothing will.' I said, 'If I were to argue in that way the result would be different. The English have beaten the French at Busaco, Talavera, Salamanca, and last of all at Vittoria, and Wellington has hunted Soult across the Pyrenees, and so (according to your own system of reasoning), the English are better soldiers than the French. But you hold that the French are better soldiers than the Prussians and the Austrians, wherefore the English must be better soldiers than them all.' He was dumbfounded, and did not say a word. We always used to take a light supper and a glass of wine. Our supper consisted chiefly of a salad, which Legal was always very officious in preparing. That evening, however, he did nothing, and I said, ' Mr. Legal, do you not mean to take any supper to night ? ' He replied, that I had given him as much at his dinner that day as would last him for his supper for the next fortnight. This little sally produced, however, no further difference between us. As he had bo many country men in Cadiz, and never associated with any of them, I asked him one day what was the reason that he preferred the company of an Englishman to one of his own countrymen ? He replied, that the French had committed so many atrocities in Spain that the Spaniards were very vindictive, and that he was afraid of being assassinated. He said that this was the reason he wished to be a member of my mess at Malaga, that he might pass for an Englishman ; and he further said, that he had read in some book that a Spaniard would embrace you and call you his dear friend and yet stab you in the back. But the English man was very different to that. However savage the Englishman might be against you, you might safely sleep alongside of him all night, and he would not even attack you in the morning, until you were pro vided with the same arms as himself. My friend Legal got a greater rub from one of the ladies of the house than I had given him. One even ing, in passing up a narrow street, we met a long pro . cession of friars carrying crucifixes and large wax can 'dles, and we were, of course, obliged to stand close to the wall and to take eff our hats until they passed. It so happened just then that it came on to rain. Legal was a Catholic, but a different kind of Catholic to a Spanish one, ' What fools these Spaniards are !** he said. As soon as we reached pur lodgings we walked straight into the family sitting- room, where three of the ladies were busy working black lace veils. He immediately began with great earnestness in French — with lots of gesticula tion, giving them an account of his mishap. They did not understand a word of French, and thought some terrible misfortune had befallen him. They all looked at me, and called out in chorus, ' Qu£ ! Qu£ ! Que !' I explained to them in Spanish, what he had said,— -That he had been obliged to stand in the rain, with his hat in Ids hand, until the long procession of friars had passed, and that he was very much afraid that he had caught a bad cold. They were all impressed with the idea that he was ridi culing the observances of the Catholic religion. One of them, who was rather of a satirical disposition, requested me to tell him that they greatly compas sionated him on account of his terrible mishap and besought him, for God's sake, to go to bed immediately, and that they would order the servant to heat some water, and give him a hvativa, which would, most likely, avert any evil consequences. I repeated verbatim what she said. His countenance fell. He said that surely I must have invented the speech, for no French woman would have ventured to make such a speech to any man. The lady saw the advantage she had attained, and asked me what he said. I told her. She said, ' Pray, tell him we are quite in earnest, and that if he will go to bed we will soon have the hot water ready.' He declined, however, to accept of the prescription. Some time after, a French ship with a cargo of wine, from Cette, bound to Havre, touched at Cadiz. Legal was a Freemason, as well as the captain of the ship. In virtue of Freemasonry they made acquaintance, and as Havre was the native town ot Legal, the French captain took him as a passenger. But he declined to take me on the pretence that he had no accommodation, although I offered to pay him my passage money immediately. I would have been, glad to have got to Havre, because if there was no ship to England I could have passed the Channel in a boat.. It was all for the best ; for by the time when we could have arrived Napoleon must have been in Paris, after, his escape from Elba. The French captain told me a curious story about the Freemasons. He said that he had been captured by the English, and confined in the Castle of Edin burgh. After some time, with several others, he made his escape. He did not say how, but I suppose that it was by the assistance of the Freemasons* He told me that he got a place on a stage coach for London. There was only one passenger on the coach beside himself. After some time, the stranger ad dressed him and asked where he was going? He replied that he was bound to London. The stranger replied that he was attempting to deceive, for he knew he was one of the French prisoners who had escaped from the Castle, and that he was bound to' Deal or Dover, to endeavour to get a passage to France. But he added : — 'Be not afraid'; for I am especially employed by the Freemasons to take care of you,' — and he got him a passage to France in .one' of the boats of the Deal smugglers. The captain of the ship who brought me from. Malaga to Cadiz obtained a freight for Bristol and Liverpool, and gave me a passage to Bristol. He used often to visit me in Cadiz, and throughout acted, towards me as a brother ; but when I had landed at; Bristol and had taken my passage to London I never saw him afterwards. The stage coach from Bristol to London was a cumbrous uncomfortable conveyance, and consisted of two low confined coaches joined together by a beam, across the inside ef the carriages, against which I more than once knocked my head. Each carriage was intended for four. There was only one inside passenger with me, a tall clergyman, who took a pamphlet out of his pocket and began to read it. After a time he held the pamphlet out to me, and asked if I had read those sermons ? I replied 'No,' and byway of apology for not having read them, 1'. said that I had just come from abroad — perhaps I said from Spain. I certainly should not in those times have said that I had come from Botany Bay /, I asked him if the sermons were particularly good. He hesitated to answer, and at length said, in an in definite manner, ' Nothing particular.' I concluded they were his own composition, and that his answer arose from affected modesty. Frem the tenor of his conversation I have more than once had the opinion that he was the person who wrote the ' History of the Jews,' and who became the editor of ' Gibbon's History of Rome.' On my arrival at London I went straight to Green wich, where Mr. Wolstoncraft was residing. I arrived there more an invalid than anything else, for I had never entirely recovered from the effects of the epidemia, although it had attacked me in a com paratively mild form. The least cold always brought: on a return of the sensation in the temporal arteries. To remedy this without consulting any medico I had my head shaved, and wore a wig. Ac first I went to a barber twice a week to shave my ? head, but I afterwards contrived to do it myself*, and I certainly found it very beneficial. And I continued the practice until I went again to New South Wales in the Admiral Cockbtirn. I ceased shaving at Madeira, and the hair was long enough on my arrival at Bahia to enable me to dis pense with a wig. I forgot to mention that, when we abandoned the ship near the Azores, the longboat was so crowded, that five of the men betook themselves to the smaller boat. That boat we lost sight of soon after, dark,., and never saw or heard of it afterwards. I may also add that during this long and disas trous voyage the crew always enjoyed good, health, and that we never had any symptom of scurvy then the bane of the English Navy. None of the: crew died at sea, and when we reached Valparaiso there was not a sick man on board ; and no casualty of any kind took place until we abandoned the ship. I - afterwards learned that the master of the Fly (?) in a - second voyage to the Cape ot Good Hope was cap tured by the French, and remained in prison until the fall of Napoleon. I also heard with regret that my early and best friend Mr. Hodge was totally ruined ia his next voyage to India, and never recovered himself*, from the state of the Indian market. I never saw him. afterwards. If I had made another voyage to India £ would -have been equally unfortunate. There was such a chain of events in my voyage from the Cape tnat everything which happened to me was all for the best, and I now conclude was predes tined before I was bom. For the sake of brevity I omitted to give a correct account of the passengers who accompanied me from. Lima for the purpose of going to Cadiz, and therefore shall now add their names. The first was Don Manuel Moralez, a native of Lima, who (according to Spanish. regulations) was the nominal supercargo of the ship ; but he neither had responsi bility nor emolument, and paid for his passage like any other passenger. There was also a Spanish curate of the name of Bermudez, who had been elected by the district of Tarma as the representative, or deputy, in the Cortes at Cadiz, and also his nephew, and the three officers of the frigate Astrea, whom I first met, as already stated, at Valparaiso. Bermudez, although an ordained priest, had never accepted a cure of souls, but had devoted himself to mining, and therefore might be considered as occupying the same position as a French Abbe.. Don Joaquin Toledo was an old Spaniard, born at Tarifa. Don Eugenio Cortez was a native of Chili, -where his father was a Haciendero, or landed proprietor ; and he uBed to boast that he was the *\xth grandson of the Hernando Cortez, who was the con— queror of Mexico. The Becond officer, whose uune was EEquivel, 'was a native ef Old Spain. On leaving Guayaquil the -second time, Bermudez end his nephew declined again to trust themselves to ? the ship, ancl Don Esquivel received an order from the Viceroy to return to Lima. This was done at the | instance of the father of a young lady whom he had lately married in Litna. So that my passengers now consisted of Moralez, Toledo, and Cortez. Cortez left the ship at Rio Janeiro, and afterwards became a general of the insurgents in Chile. He corresponded ?with me, at a subsequent period, after I had finally settled in Sydney. Moralez had some political dis pute with Toledo at the Island of St. Michael, and refused to go in the same ship with him to Lisbon. The recent unfortunate wreck of the Maria on he* voyage to New Guinea recalls to my recollection the melancholy shipwreck of the French ship of war, Jledusa, on the coast of Africa, in the year 1816 ; when one hundred and fifty people were left on a rait by the inhuman captain — and when a vessel, about fourteen days after the wreck, rescued the survivors, there were only fifteen out ot the 150 alive, and five of these fifteen soon afterwards died. But if this raft had been constructed by the Indians of Guayaquil, and left under their management, the -wholfe 150 from the Medusa would have been safely landed at Senegal on the coast of Africa. The city of Guayaquil is situated about fifty miles from the mouth of the river, and large ships are loaded at the island of Puna, at the entrance. These cargoes consist chiefly of cacao, which is conveyed from Guayaquil to ships on rafts, called Balsa. These rafts are so constructed that they can be made to wear and gtay, and are steered by planks called garras, as easily as a boat. Don Antonio Ulloa, in his voyage to South America in 1735, gives a minute account of these Balsas, and explains the principle on which they are managed ; and there is an abstract of this account in the second volume of Captain Burney's History of the Discoveries in the Pacific. I have gone down to the Island of Puna in one of these Balsas, and found it more comfortable than in a boat, and equally safe ; and I have known them to -take down in a trip as much as thirty tons of cacao in ?bulk. The Marine Board of Sydney ought to have a model ot these Balsas, and teach the captains of colonial craft how to make them. Here the memoir of the ' Nonogenarian ' (like the des criptive lay of Old Allan Bane) makes 'a sudden stand,' and the autobiography so spiritedly written in extreme old age abruptly concludes. At the last line are the words : *' 6th April, 1872, A. B.' probably the date when Mr. 3Jerrv, under the pressure of increasing infirmities, laid -aside the pen ; although the manuscript bears, here and there, marks of revision which were probably added subse 1 quently, during the last few months of his life. Whether there are notes in a less complete form amongst his papers, bringing down his memoir to a more advanced period, does not appear. To those who have read these ' Passages from the Life of a Nonogenarian ' it will, doubtless, be a matter of sincere regret that the deceased should not have completed the task which he was in every respect so well ? qualified to .fulfil, A brief resume of ? the life of Mr. Alexander Berry, from his arrival in England until his death at St. Leonards, is subjoined, as it appeared in the Herald of the 6th of October last: — ' Being shipwrecked off the Azores, Mr. Alexander Berry escaped with part of his crew end all his passengers to that group, and went thence to Portugal and Spain. ' Whilst in the latter country he was present at the bombardment of Cadiz by Soult, whose military genius he ever after held an very great contempt. At length he returned to New ?South Wales and settled down here altogether as a colonist, ibeing for many years one of the partners of the respected 'firm of Berry and Wolstoncraft. He became also one of the first and most enterprising cultivators of land in those early days. Receiving a large grant of land in the Shoal haven district (which he discovered and explored about the ?year 1820), his acute mind was gradually but irresistibly impressed with the fact that it would be an immense advantage if the broad and deep Shoalhaven River could be opened out to the sea, instead of terminating in a mere bar of sand, washed over by shallow water, in which not even a boat could live. He therefore conceived (the bold idea of getting a channel cut from the lower end of the Shoalhaven, near Coolangatta, to the Crookhaven River— a river disemboging into the sea, about three miles further to . the south. Such an engineering enterprise was in those days generally looked jupon as «beer ' midsummer madness,' but the shrewd rSoottish colonist was not to be laughed out of his earnest . conviction ; and having obtained a large number of ; assigned servants, the dyke was begun and the work persevered in until the waters of the Shoalhaven flowed, wide and deep, into the Crookhaven. Of the merit of this great work, few that now pass up and down the deep channel are aware ; but they certainly owe it to the sagacity and enterprise of Alexander Berry that the Shoalhaven is a navigable river. This was about the year 1825. Mr. Xerry— in an interesting « Paper on the Geology of part of the coast of New South Wales, read before the ?^Philosophical Society of Australia,' in the year 1822— describes his earliest visit to the Shoalhaven. He went down there with Lieutenant J ohnston, and they first got across the sandy isthmus at the mouth of the Shoalhaven into the deep waters of the river, up which they then prooeeded for upwards of twenty miles until stopped by a rapid. This paper was published by Barron Field, in hi» geographical memoirs of this country, in the year 2825, and is 'extremely instructive. Mr. Berry was a wmn of great knowledge, extensive reading, and wonderful memory, his conversation being full of anecdotes and information, especially as regarded Ihe early days of the colony. His early reminiscences were extremely interesting, especially those of the ^Friendly Islands, which carried him back to men who had lived in the days of Captain Cook. He was chiefly, and ? above all, however, remarkable for his undeviating kind ness as a landlord ; and his goodness in this respect was often pretty severely taxed. Many are the anecdotes told of his reluctance to press his tenants for rent, if anything like a case was made out as to bad crops and bad weather. About ten years ago, he (Mr. A. Berry) having been ?violently assailed in a colonial newspaper— the Berry tenants determined to mark their sense of the injustice of ? euch an attack, entertained Mr. Alexander Berry and bis two brothers, David and William Berry, at a great \- iflinnnr at Numba, at which almost every person in the dis trict was present. It was a most successful affair, and Mr. Berry ana his brothers were much gratified at thisunex ~ pected mark of respect, and have often since alluded to it with evident pleasure. ' The subject of this memoir was one of a numerous family, but aU have predeceased *»»'» except hie brothers, Messrs. David and William Berry. Mr. Alexander Berry was married to Miss Elizabeth Wolstoncraft, sister to Mr. JSdward Wolstoncraft (his partner), who died at Sydney on the 7th December, 1832. Mrs. Berry's family was con nected with the talented and distinguished family of Shelly. She died on the 11th April, 1845, aged 63 years, and was buried with her brother, at the St. Leonards Cemetery, on the ground given by the deceased. 'Ml*. Alexander Berry was for some time a member of ihe first Legislative Council, when there were only three non-official members; and during _ the existence of the whole of tiie more modified Council that followed he re tained a seat in the Legislature. On the 13th of May, 1856, he was appointed a member of the present Legisla tive Council, and retained his seat till the 10th of May, 1861, when he resigned it in consequence of his increasing infirmities. He redded latterly at his seat at St. Leonards. 'It is interesting to know that Mr. Berry, during last year, wrote [that above memoir presented to the reader, and now concluded] an autobiography covering about 250 pages of note-paper, which will, doubtless, give much authentic information respecting the eventful life of the deceased, and throw a great light upon many obscure points in ? colonial hiBtory. On the 16th of September— the day before his death — Mr. Berry had an interview with a legal friend relative to the disposal of some of his property, and that gentleman states that he found the mind ' of- the venerable invalid -still as clear and vigorous as ever it was. He discussed many matters relating to his affairs, and other topics, not only with clearness, but with cheerfulness, as j was his wont. His brother David came up te him from Shoalhaven on the evening of the 15th, and the two brothers saw each other before the last great change. Mr. Alexander Berry died on the afternoon of Wednesday, the 17th September, at 4 o'clock. The funeral * took place on , the 19th, the remains being interred in the St. Leonards j Cemetery, about half a mile to the north of St. Thomas's Church. The ceremony was attended by numerous per- I sonal friends of the late gentleman, several of his ! neighbours, but the funeral was strictly private. The coffin was deposited in the family vault in the centre of the cemetery. Mr. David Berry was present at the funeral, the j other surviving brother (Mr. William Berry) being absent ! at Coolangatta. Mr. Alexander Berry having died without children has, it is understood, left his large property to his brother David. Mr. Berry's estate is valued at £400,000 sterling. The deceased would have completed his 92nd year if he had lived until the 30th of November, 1873.' * Funeral cf Mr. Alexander Berry.— The funeral of Mr. Alexander Berry took place yesterday afternoon, the remains of the deceased being interred in the St. Leonards Cemetery, about half a mile to tbe north of St. Thomas's Church. The ceremony was attended by numerous personal friends of the late gentle man, and several of his neighbours, bnt the funeral was strictly private. Amongst those present were— the Hon. John Campbeli, M.L.C. ; the Hon. Charles Campbell, M.L.C. ; Mr. John Robert son, M.L. A.; Mr. Tunks, M.L.A. ; Mr. W. R. Piddington, M.L.A.; Mr. H. C. Russell ; the Rev. W.B.Clarke, Mr. George Barney, the Kev. Mr. Roes, the Rev. Mr. Yonng, Mr. Neile, Mr. Jeanneret, Mr. Edward Goddard, Mr. C. Martens, Dr. J. Smith, Dr. Campbell, Mr. Norton, Mr. E. Reeve, Dr. Ward, Mr. John Milson, Mr. Deane, Mr. W. G. Matthews, Mr. J. Matthews, Mr. Allen, and Mr. Bell. The hearse moved from the residence of the deceased at a quarter-past 3 p.m., and was taken first to the church adjacent to the ' Crow's Neat, 'land thenoe to the cemetery — the service at the church and the prayers at the grave being read by the Rev. W. Cave-Browne-Cave, the incumbent at 8t. Thomas's. There were four monrning coaches and three or four carriages and cabs. The coffin was deposited in the family vault in the ceDtre ot;thecemetery.— (S. if. Herald , September 20, 1873.) Tbe same paper, in an obituary notice published the 6th of October, 1873, gives some further particulars of Mr. Berry's last illnesB and death. It says ' Another personage whose name has long been honourably associated with the history of this colony has passed away from amongst us. On the 17th Septem ber, at his residence, Crow's Nest House, St. Leonards, Mr. Alexander Berry expired after a lengthened illness, in the 92nd year of his age, having been in the full possession of his faculties up to his last moments. For ten months past it was evident that Mr. Berry's health was rapidly failing; bnt the inherent energy of his character and his cheerful disposition enabled him for a long time to struggle successfully with the last Great Enemy, and in the end to face death with all the manly fortitude and quiet philosophy of his nature. His death-bed was not without some severe suffering, but the stoicism of the stout-hearted nonogenarian, fortified by his Christian hope, enabled -hiiu to bear up as became him in all that he had to go through. Even so lately as the lGth, at intervals of pain, he was seen reading ' Brenchley's Cruize of the Curagoa,' taking a lively interest (as he always did) in everything that concerned the islands of the Great South Sea, amongst which many of his younger and more adventurous days were spent.' 