THE POPE AND THE GERMANS. His HOLINKSS'S DEFINITION OT? THU POSITION OF TH13 CHURCH IN PllUSSIA. A very numerous and influential deputation o Germans was received by the Pope at tho Vaticai on the 22nd of April. Tho address to tho Pontiff -was read by Prince Furstenburg, and the Holy Father replied in the folio wing words : It is, indeed, a groat consolation to me to se< you around me in a noble circle of faithful sons ked still more so when I reflect that your voices aro tho echo of those of all Catholic Europe which are lifted up to deplore the evils which afflict thc Immaculate Spouse of Jesus Christ, the Holy Roman Church. Nevertheless, tho great solemni ties which she places at this season before om oyès, anl especially tho memory of thc Passion, the supreme and mysterious triumph ol our Divine Redeemer's love for us, should be for mo, as they are for you, a subject of rejoicing and exultation. Yes; this is, indeed, a solemn season, in which it ia most fitting that wo should recall how many who remained indiffer ent to the wonderful miracles wrought by om Saviour himself during his divine missions, were converted when thoy saw tho great work of Re demption arrivo at its term, and the soul of the only begotten Son return to the arms of the Eter nal Father. Tho sim was darkened at that terrible moment, and darkness covered the whole earth: " Tencbro facta sunt super imivcrsam terrain." It was then that tho good wore confirmed in their re solution of following Nazarene. On the rest it produced this phenomenon: The woak and those Jed astray, seized with emotion, opened their eyes and saw in tho midst of tho obscurity that which they had not discerned in the fulness of light, and the recognised errors into which they bad been led by the perfidy of the Pharisees, the priests, and tho impious; but these, on the con trary, remained plunged in their iniquity. The weak and the deceived cried out at that moment, " .Verily,. this was the Son of God." They took courage ami declared themselves openly disciples of the Nazarene. My beloved sons, at tho presont moment the earth is onco more covered with the darkness of incredulity, and in certain parts of it the dark ness is the thicker because incredulity is joined to that infernal obscurity which takes its source from hatred to God and his ministers. But this dark ness itself reanimates tho persons of the good, who, seeing tl'o Church unjustly persecuted, redouble their energy, and full of courage, are preparing themselves to maintain her rights, and to do valiant battle against tho efforts of God's enemies. Tho episcopate and the clergy of Germany, Switzerland, and in all parts of Christendom, united to tho Christian people, aro become in our day a spectacle of admiration to the universe--to angels aswcdlas to mon. They aro as shining lights, which draw towards them the eyes of all popula tions, and immy Christians aro thus brought to imitate their example. Oportet enini horeses esse, ut qui probati sunt, manifesti fiant in vobis." Those errors and heresies proclaimed to-day, and stilljinoro wickedly sustained and spread by cer tain men in power, cause all generous hearts to manifest themselves by defending the truth, dis regarding penalties, threats, and death itself. It is thus that religion shows itself great and worthy and multiplies its. disciples, who aro thus sure, sincere, resolute, and constant ones. It was said in aid timos that tho blood of martyrs was tho seed of tho Church and of now Christians. This is what is now happening. Tho firmness of a great multitudo, of which you form a part, mul tiplies tho true adorers muí disciples of Josus Christ, Dut take heed, for you must not halt on tho way, a counsel tho moro essential that raven ing wolves cease not to lay in wait for your faith and lay snares for it. All moans seem good to thom. They enter the fold by fraud; they em ploy violence by the aid of thoso in high places ; they neglect nothing in order to attain their detestable end, which is the destruction of Chris tianity. Truo apostles of Satan, they rely on tho tyrannical arrogance of certain mon by tho typo of Sejanus, and persuade themselves that threats, exile and prisons will preparo tho way for the possible abolition of all trace of tho Catholic faith, »But do you, placing your confidence in tho au pf God, rodoublo your efforts, mid never forge; that human nature tends fatally towards weaknesi and decay, aud remember that you must persevere with courage, and that he who has put his hand tc the plough must not turn bach, To oppose thc infidel and wicked Press, then ;' to persevero ii] action ; to take charge of youth ; to protest hy all legal means in favour of the rights of the Church, I who never has been, and never will be, the servant, for God wills that she be mistress; mid to uplift your arms in prayer to heaven, and only to let them fall when thc enomy is humbled aud the sun has gone down. This, my sons, is tho sum of your duties at the present time ; these aro tho means I counsel you to employ in order that, united with your bishops, you may see souls restored to peace -that relative peace which we aro permitted to enjoy in this valley of our exile-and the sus pension, if not tho end, of the persecution of tho Church of Christ. Having said thus much, it only remains for mo to raise my OAvn hands to heaven and invoke a blessing on you, on your families and on all those who are absent, but whose sentiments you worthily represent and who think with and as you. May the Eternal Father bless you and penetrate your souls with a ray of his omnipotence in order to make you valiant champions of the faith, ever ready to combat and crush the pride of his enemies. May the Eternal Son bless you and give you tho wisdom necessary to prevent the impious seducing you with their sophisms-that wisdom which gives you the fitting arms to confound error and refute impiety. May the Holy Ghost, tho Spirit of Love and Charity, bless you and descend into your hearts. Oh 1 Divine Spirits, thou who art como down to kindle the earth with love, descend now, and by thy light destroy errors and convert sinners ! Come down and bless this people now before me and all those who are animated by the same sentiments, and who are spread over the face of the earth. May God bless you, my beloved sons, now and for tho rest of your days ; may he bless you at tho hour of your deaths, in order that you also, committing, after the example of Jesus Christ, your souls into i the hands of the Eternal Father, may be made I worthy to bless him and praise him to all eternitv. i \Benedictio Dei, 