LITERATURE, . Literary Notice WE very briefly referred to Mr. Proctor's " Border Land of Science" shortly after its publication and pointed out its more prominent characteristics but we then had not space to do justice to the work, and laid it aside with the intention of giving it ample consideration at the first favour able opportunity. A second careful perusal of the work leads us to now bring it more prominently under the notice of our readers. It consists of a serios of articles contributed by the author to various magazines, each article being complete in itself, so that the work resembles a collection of pamphlets or tracts bound into one volum Why it should be called the " Border Land of Science" is to us a mystery, inasmuch as it deals with topics which may be said to belong to the very centre rather than to the border of science It treats of the Herschell's and the star- depths, of the condition of Jupiter, of life in Mars, meteors, star showers, earthquakes, the antarctic regions, coal, flying machines, gambling superstitions, and curiously enough, of coincidences, ghosts, and goblins. It is written in a calm and lucid style, free from, all unnecessary rhetorical ornament, and it contains n large amount of information on all the topics it discusses. It is easy to see that Mr. Proctor has embraced the nebular hypothesis, for his belief in it tinges many of his reasonings This is specially the case with his remarks on the planet Jupiter, in which ho endeavours to show that the planet is red hot. In fact, Jupiter is now in the condition in which our earth was some few millions of years ago, when the crust of it was broken here and there into enormous fissures, tem posted by earthquakes, and surrounded by an enor mous atmosphere of steam, which has since con doused into our oceans, seas, and rivers. On this hypothesis, the phenomena of the heavens are explicable; on any other, they are unsolvable mysteries. The spectroscope shows us that sixteen bodies existing on our earth are found in the Sun an i at least six of these exist in the stars ; and future research may discover many more. Tho Earth bears all the marks of having been once a small sun, now cooled down sufficiently to be the abode of life. Mars and, perhaps, Venus may be habits ble, but no life, such as we know of, can exist in the Sun, or stars, or larger planets. Jupiter has not cooled enough to allow life to exist on its sur face; another of the large outer planets has an atmosphere of hydrogen; the Moon is a burnt cinder, without air or water ; and Saturn is unfit to be a theatre of life, such as exists on this earth. There is one fundamental principle pervading all organic living structures that we are acquainted with, and that is, that they all depend for their life on tho law of exosmone and endosmose, by means of which they receive a due supply of oxygen into the juices or fluids of their respective structures. The life of all things, from the highest mammal to tho lowest microscopic monad, depends on oxygen and, consequently, cannot exist where oxygen is not, nor yet where hydrogen, or nitrogen, or other gases predominate. Ilence, there can be no life in the nucleii of those worlds now in process of for mation out of nebulous matter in stellar space. On all questions of this sort, Mr. Proctor's book supplies hints and facts which are valuable to inquirers. As a sample of Mr. Proctor's literary style and mode of reasoning, we quote the follow mg passage respecting Jupiter. After describing phenomena indicating 'the prevalence of Jovian hurricanes, raging for six weeks at a time, over a space equal to the a entire surface of our earth, and at a rate of 150 miles an hour, he says :— In tho autumn of 1870, my friend Mr. Browning (the eminent optician) called the attention of astronomers to the fact that the great equatorial zone, usually, as we have said, of a creamy wiiito colour, had assumed a decidedly orange tint. At the same time it had become much less uniform ir outline, and sundry peculiarities in its appearance could be recognised, which have been severally compareció portholes, pipe bowls and stoms, oval mouldings, and other objects of an uncolostial nature. Without entering into descriptions which could only be rendered intelligible by means of a series of ela borate illustrations, let lt suffice to say that the bright edges of the belts bordering on this ruddy equatorial zone seemed to be frayed and torn like the edges of storm' clouds, and that the knots and projections thus formed often extended so far upon the groat orange zone, from both sides, as almost to break it up into separate parts. Now, witlioutinquiring into the particular form of action tc which these remarkable changes were due, we can see, at once that they implied processes of extreme energy. For, every one of the projections and knots, the seeming frayed edges of narrow cloud .streaks, had, in reality, an extent exceeding the largest of our terrestrial countries. Yet their aspect, and, indeed, the whole aspect of the ruddy belt, whose extent far exceeded the whole surface of our earth, changed obviously from night to day. Strangely enough, these interesting observations, though they who presently confirmed by some well-known students of the heavens, did not attract that full attention from, the senior astronomers of the day whieh they appear to merit. Several, indeed, of our leading astronomers were disposed to deny that anything unusual was in progress, though none asserted definitely that they based this opinion on a careful re examination of die planet's face, But quite recently one of the most eminent of our modem observers—Mr. Lassell, lately President of tho Royal Astronomical Society-(having been led to observe tho planet by tho fact that certain phenomena of intowst in connection willi tho satellite system were in pro gress) found his attention attracted by the marvellous beauty of the colours presented by Jupiter's belts. After describing tho appearances hnhsd intended to observe in the first instance, he proceeds, " hut this wm not tho phenomenon which struck me most in tills rare and exquisite view of Jupiter, I must acknowledge that I have hitherto been inclined to think that there might be some exaggeration in the coloured views I have lately seen of tho planet; but this property of the disc, in the view I am describing, was so unmistakable that my scepticism is at last beginning to yield," Nor will this state mont be thought to express more than the truth, when we udd, that in tho picture accompanying his paper, Mr. Lassell presented tho equatorial zone as brown-orange, and three neighbouring dark zones as purple; one of the intermediate light bolts being pictured as of a light olive-green. , Let us compare these observations made in our brumous latitudes, with those effected by Father Secchi with the fine equatorial of tho Roman Observatory. " During the line evenings of this month," he wrote in February 1.872, " Jupitor lias presented a wonderful aspect. The equatorial band, of a very iironouuced rose colour, was strewn with a largo number of yellowish clouds. Abnve and belo'»' this band thero were many very Uno zones, and othors strongl y marked and narrow, Which resembled stretched threads. The blue and yellow colours formed a remarkable contrast with tho red zone, a contrast doubtless increased hy a little illusion, 'l'ho "urfaco of the plant is actually so different, from that willoh I have lorninrly seen, that thero is room for the study of tho planet's meteorology " it appear* tons that, when lhcsr> TemaiUaMe changes aro con-ido ed i;i combination with tho circumstance that ou o priori gi-minds we should oxpeut thc ami to havo very lillie In fluence on the comUtlou of the nlauet's atmosphere, th« idea cannot but hostígaoste'! that the chief source of till 'lils enerby rnxldes in tim planet ttiolf. Tho idea may seem startling nt a tliHt view, but when oueo entertained, many argutneuls will L« fouud to utoseu'- themselves iq its favour. In another part of his essay on the giant plane he refers to his theory, namely, that the satellite of the larger planets may possibly bethe abodes o life, the planets themselves heating them partiall; n the same sort of way that the central orb heat the whole system. He says: And after all, let us remember that the theory that Jupiter is an intensely heated globe—a theory to which we have been led by the consideration of many observed facts, and which iu Ito turn suggests very satisfactory explanations of other ob served facts-would merely show that, as Jupiter and Saturn hold an intermediate position betweon the sun and the minor planets in respect of size, so those giant orbs hold a corres ponding position in respect of inherent heat. Roughly speaking, the earth is 8000 miles, the sun 840,000 miles, ii diameter, and Jupiter, with his diameter of 82,000 miles comes midway between these orbs. Now, tho sun is at a white heat, and the earth gives out only what is called obscure heat ; and if Jupiter's globe is at a red heat, he again comes midway between the Sun und tho Earth. Wo should bo led by the theory here maintained to rogard the major planets which travel outside tho zone of asteroids as in a sense secondary suns. So viewed, they could not be regarded as orbs flt for tho support of living oreatures. Yet aa each o£ thom is the centre of a scheme of dependent worlds of dimensions large enough to supply room for many milllons of living creatures, we should not merely And a raison d'etre for the outer plansts, but wo should be far better able to ex plain their purpose in the scheme of creatlon than on any theory hitherto put forward respecting them. Jupiter aS an abode of life is a sourec of wonder and perplexity, and his satellites seem scarcely to nerve any useful purpose. He ap pears as a bleak and desolate dwelling-piano, and they together supply him with scarcely a twentieth part of the light which we receive from our moon at full. But. regarding Jupiter as a miniature sun, not Indeed possessing any large degree of inherent lustre, but emitting a considerable quantity of heat, we recognise in him tho fitting ruler of a scheme of subordi nate orbs, whose inhabitants would require the heat which he affords to eke out the small supply which they receive directly from the sun. The Saturnian system, again, is no longer mysterious when thus viewed. The strange problem presented by the rings whioh actually conceal the sun from immense regions of tut planet for years together in the very heart of the winter o1 those regions, is satisfactorily solved when the Saturnine satel lites are regarded as th« abodes of lifo, und Saturn himself ai tho Bourns of a considerable proportion of their heat-supply I do nat say that, iu thus exhibiting tho Jovian and Saturniiit systems in a manner which nccords with our ideas respecting the laws of life in the univorsa. I have given irrefragable tes timony in favour of my theory. ? That theory must stand oi fall according to the evidence lu its favour or against it. Bul so long as men believe that there is design in vile scheme ol the universe, they will bo readier to accept conclusions whicli exhiuit ut once the major planets and their satellites as cecil pying au intelligible position in that scheme, than viewi whieh leave the satellites unaccounted for, and present tnt giant planets themselves us very questionable abodes for an> known order of living creatures. It is pleasant to turn from this Jovian scene ol desolation, to the contemplation of one of our planetary neighbours-the planet Mars. With respect to this orb, Mr. Proctor says: We all know that Mars shines with a ruddy light. He is, indeed, the ruddiest star in the heavens : Aldebaran and An tares are pale beside him. Now, in tho telescope the surface of Mars does not appear wholly red. ' We have seen that at two opposite points his orb exhibits white spots. But, beside these regions, there are others which are not red. Dark spaces are seeu, sometimes strangely complicated in figure, which present a well-marked tinge of greenish blue. Here, then, we have a feature which we should certainly expect to find if the polar spots are really snow-caps ; for the existence of water in quantities sufficient to aocount for snow regions covering many thousand square miles of the surface of Mars, would undoubt edly lead us to infer the existence of oceans, and these oceans might be expected to resemble our own oceans in their general tint. According to this view, the dark greenish blue markings on Mars would come to be regarded as the Martian seas. If this be the case, then I may note in passing that the seas of Mars cover a much smaller proportion of his surface than those of our own earth, the extent of our seas being to that of our continents about the proportion of 11 to 4: in Mars the laud and sea surfaces would seem to be nearly equal in extent. The seas in Mars are also very singularly shaped. They run into long inlets and straits; many are bottle or flask-shaped ' that is, we see a somewhat rounded inland sea connected with what must be called tho main ocean by a narrow inlet ; and further, it would seem as though oceania communication must be far more complete in Mars (notwithstanding the rela tive smallness of his ocean surface) than on our own earth. One could travel by sea between all parts of Mars, with very few exceptions, the long inlets and the flask-shaped seas breaking up his land surface much more completely than the aotual extent of water would lead us to infer. It may be supposed that on the other hand land communication is far more complete in the case of Mars than in that of our own earth. This is, indeed, tue case, insomuch that such Mar tialists as object to sea travelling (and we can scarcely suppose sea sickness to be a phenomenon peculiar to our own earth) may very readily avoid it, and yet not be debarred from visit ing any portion of their miniature world, save one or two extensive islands. Even these are separated by suoh narrow seas from the neighbouring continents, that we may regard it as fairly within to power of the Martial Brunels and Ste phensons to bridge over tho intervening straits, and so to ena ble the advocates of land-voyaging to visit these portions of their planet. This view is enoouraged by the consideration that all engineering operations must be much more readily effected in Mars than on our own earth. The force of gravity is so small at the surface of Mars that a mass which on earth weighs a pound, would weigh on Mars but about six and a quarter ounces, so that in every way the work of the engineer aud of his ally the spadesman would be lightened. A being shaped as men are, but fourteeu feet-high, would be as active as a man six feet high, and mnny times more powerful. On suoh a scale, then, might the Martial navvies be framed. But that is not all. Tho soil in which they would work would weigh very much less, mass for mass, than that in which our terrestrial spadesmen labour. So that, between the far greater powers of Martial beings, and the far greater lightness of the materials they would have to deal with in constructing ronds, canals, bridges, or the like, we may very reasonably conclude that tho progress of such labours would be very much more rapid, and their scale very much more important than in the case of our own earth. The essay upon Meteors is, perhaps, of all the essays in this volume, the most interesting. The conclusions at which the author arrives are abso lutely startling, and overwhelm the mind with a sense of the incomprehensible grandeur of the uni verse. The motion of a body moving at the rate of 5000 miles per second, is almost inconceivable. On the origin of meteors he writes : Now tho largest prominence yet seen had the enormous height of 180,000 milos ; und a projectile from the sun would require a velocity of aoo miles per second at starting to attain, even through vacant space, to this vase height. It will soarcely bo thought too daring to assert that the matter of this pro minence must have had at least, twice this velocity at starting, under the aotual clroumstances of reslstence to which its mo tion was exposed. Here, thou, wehave evidence of a propelling force in the sun fully equal to tho dlsoharge of meteoric matter in such sort as never to return either actually to his globe or on an orbital path close by him. If the same discharge whloh ' propelled the gaseous substance of tho great prominence to a ! height of 100,000 miles carried some denser substance along with it (which seems not only credible, but exceedingly likely) nnd if that substance by virtue of its density passed with muoh less loss of velocity through tho eolar atmosphere (as a cannon-ball retains much moro of its velocity than the gases propelled along with lt) then, unquestionably, the sun rejected that matter for over from his substance on the day that tho great prominence was formed. The gas of the promlnonoe wa» oheoked in its outward course by tho resisting solar atmos phere, tho denser matter only by tho sun's attractive force ; and this force, inconceivably mighty though it is, could only deprive tho doparting matter of a portion of its velocity, A portion amounting to about 125 miles per second would still remain, and would carry tho cruptod mittcr away through space until it entered tho domain of some other sun. It-, will be observed that, startling though tne' tneory mav seem, there is nothing forced about uny of tho suppositions oil willoh it is based. Tho theory that the solar prominence* are phenomenons of eruption is regarded by tho leading observers of these objects as highly probable, if not certain. The aspect of those strange formations shows that they are flung through a resisting medium ; and, therefore, it is certain that they must be projected much more swiftly than we should infer by merely regarding them as projectiles flung through a vacuum. It seems highly probable that, ns in the case of ter restrial voloanoes and geysers, denser matter is ilung forth along with tho gases of the prominences. And it is certain thal snoh matter, like the ball from a cannon, or stones and cinders from a volcano, would be much less affected by the resistance of tho atmosphere than the lighter gaseous matter projected along with it. Admitting these four postulates, of which two are highly probable, and two certainly just, it fol lows, as an inevitable conclusion, that the sun rejects matter from his substance—such rejection being final, owing to tho enormous velocity imparted to the erupted matter. And if the Sun thus rejects matter, so also do those other suns, the stars. Let us add to this reasoning two facts whioh have been regarded as severally sulhoient to establish tito strange theory that many meteors, if not most or even all, have been expelled from the interior of the suns which people space. One of the most, eminent microscopists living, and perhaps the most eminent of all who have applied the microscope to tile study of rock substances—Sorby of Sheffield-has arrived at the conclusion that tho structure of meteorites "cannot be explained in a satisfactory manner, except by supposing that their constituents were originally in tho state of vapour, as they now exist in the atmosphere of the sun." Again, the late Professor Graham, one of|the most eminent chemists of our time, was led to a similar conclusion by tho chemical analysis of a meteor. He had found that the iron of the Lenarto meteor contains much more hydrogen (" oc cluded" in its substance) than can be forced Into the substance of malleable iron. "It has been found difficult," he says, " to impregnate malleable iron with more than its own volume of hydrogen, under the pressure of our atmosphere. Now, tho meteoric iron (this Lenarto iron is remarkably pure and mal leable) gave up about three times that amount, without, being fully exhausted. Tho inference is, that the meteorite was extruded from ti dense atmosphere of hydrogen gas, for which we must look beyond the light cometary matter floating about within the limits of our solar system.Hydrogen has been recognised in the spectrum analysis of tho light of tho fixed stars by Messrs. Huggins and Miller. The same gas constitutes, according to the wide researches of Father Secchi, the principal elements of a numerous class of stars, of which Alpha Lyrae is the type. The iron of Lenarto has, no doubt, come from such an atmosphere in which hydrogen greatly prevailed. This meteorite may be looked upon as holding imprisoned within it and bearing to us the hydrogen of the stars." I do not, indeed, suppose that all meteors have had an origin of this sort. It is almost impossible to examine the facts which have been made known respecting meteors with out arriving at the conclusion that no inconsiderable propor tion of these bodies have not as yet formed part of any of tho more massive orbs which are spread throughout the realms of space. It would seem as though two processes were simulta neously at work. On the one hand, there is an aggregating process, by which meteoric matter is brought to the surface of orbs, such as the sun and his fellow stars, our earth and other planets, the moon and other orbs which, like her, circle around the members of our own and other solar systems. On the other, there seems to be a process of rejection by which meteoric matter is continually being projected from the sub stance of the sun, and tho countless millions of other suns which constitute our galactic systom. The evidence which meteoric phenomena furnish respecting the existence of a force mightier than gravitation, is one of the most interesting topics comprised in the wide domain of physical astro nomy. On this point, however, and with respect to many others of an analagous kind, we must refer our readers to tho " Borderland of Science," and the numerous other works of its talented author. 