HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. ? ? ; ? - Wbdsbsdat, Mat 6. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mr. WSHT-KRSKINE, from the Chair, man and Councillors of the Strathalbyn Dis trict Council, for £150,030 for the construction and maintenance of main roads. . . Sv Mr. ANG4.S, from the District Council of T&nunda;, with a similar prayer. By the AT PORN BY-GEN#a-L. from the District Council of Hamilton, wita a similar prayer. . By Mr. SOLOMON, from the Corporation of Adelaide, that, they might be regarded as the promoters of a Bill for a Building Act. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS to Mr. Sabkow. that eight plans had been re ceived for new Parliament Houses, and it was intended to placa them where they might be inspected by members. To Mr. ~PBiS.CE, that the state of the road at Tommy's Gap would receive his attention, To Mr, Ljmds&t;, that the reason the harbor improvements at Port Victor were not yet made available, was that the funds provided were insufficient to com plete the works as originally proposed. The further expenditure of money would be delayed until the report on the survey for a canal from Goolwa to the seaboard had been considered. To Mr. Lindsay, that the proper diameter ef railway wheels was regulated by the speed and character of the road. High speeds required large wheels ; iow speeds required small ones. It had not been found expedient to increase the size of the wheels of the passenger carriages on the Strathalbyn and Middletou 5 ft. 3 in. line. To Mr. Latjbib, that the addi tions to the Telegraph and Post Office build ings at Penola were in progress, and tenders were to be invited. To Mr. Pickering, that the water mains were laid to Thebarton, and would be gazetted this week, after which the services, could be laid down as required. To Mr. SIMMS, that the puddling of the new reservoir would probably be completed in twelve months ; but in any event, water would be admitted during 4he ensuing winter, as was the ca»e last season. The old reservoir was now standing at 34 feet 6 inches, and if rain fell at the rate of one inch per month, the present depth of water oould be easily main -taine&7 There was at least three months' supply in the old, reservoir, even if no rain fell in the interval. To Mr. Duncah, that the -Bngineer-in-Ghief anticipated being' able to send a surveyor on the Port Wakefield and Kaidina line early this month, but wouldbe unable to do se until the end of the month, as the surveys of the Port Plrie, Port Bronghton, tad Port Wakefield Extension lines had occupied Ifche whole of. the professional t&leiit; at the disposal of the department. The Surveyor who laid out the Kadina Line, was now completing the Port Pirle Line, and could not be removed without materially inter fering .- with' that' work., The rails, engines, trucks, wheels, axles, &&, for the Part Wake field and Sadina Line had been ordered from England. ???'?? The CHIEF SSOSETABF, to Mr. BEAT, that no action had been spared to discover the perpetrator of £he Post-O&ce; robbery. He had ao. farther information rto give. None of the notes had been put Into circulation. To Mr. S^aveNSOF, that, the- matter, had received the personal attention of .another member of the Ministry and himself, and the thorough enquiry commenced would be continued. To Mr. Wabd, that the Government had taken special ' steps to ascertain: the origin of the recent railway accidents. The Chief Secretary's replies to questions asked by Mr. Barrow re specting . bonds and the Northern Territory law suit will be found elsewhere. ? ADDRESS TO TH8 GOVERNOR.— AD- JOURNED DEBATE. Motion for adoption of Address, to which Mi. Bouoaut had moved the following amend ment on paragraph 6 :— To add the words ' But we disapprove of the continuance of free immi gration at the present time.' Mr. LA.TJ KIB said last session he advocated free immigration, bat daring the last'12 months he had seen reason to alter bis views. The Government were not bringing out the best class of people, and they were losing the cream of their population, who were crossing the Border, taking with them much valuable stock and a good deal of cash. He believed that from 1,500 to 2,000 persons had gone from South Australia to Victoria; and, when this fact-was taken into consideration, it would be seen that tke £30,000 spent on immigration had only kept up the population, without adding to it. Ha was sorry that this should be the case, bat, under the circumstances, he w&S; forced to oppose immigration. (Sear, hear.) The House had the assurance that a Civil Service, Bill would be introduced, and be did not think that would take place before' Such a measure was warned, for hitherto ho thought that the Civil servants had been treated- seurv&y.; . He hoped that the Bill would 1a*ve the effect of placing them in a better posi tion, .and in that ease he would be happy to assist in passing it . As a country member, he intended to oppose the proposed expenditure en the Adelaide Institute, as being a' work that should give place to roads and rail ways, which were more, pressingly required. He liked to see the practical studied before they went in for beautifying the city. He believed that the Real Property Act had done a vast amount of good, and he was disposed to think that the lawyers in that House were too fond of picking holes in it. He regretted that the Government were proposing to interfere with tap. ,' land ..law j but he was in favor of! Swiineinir ' tfm nrina of TfmfJ ' Tvrantv shillings an acre was as much as a man ought and- could afford to pay who intended to oulti vate his land. He was sorry that the Treasurer had spoken as fie had done on the preceding day. He said he doubted the wisdom of de claring the whole colony into one^rea ; and yet that was what his Government proposed to do. H« thought that it was the duty of the Govern ment to let things remain as they were, xatker than do that , which they knew would be pro ducttv* of injury to ''any section of the c&m-; Oiunity. (Hear, hear.) He believed that there was an immense amount of country within the line of rainfall that might with advantage be put into the market. Mare, he thought, should be done with the dralnable lands ia the South Sast than was being done. He had re ceived a letter from a most intelligent resi dent in that part of the colony, who pointed out the importance of attention being given to theiand Ahat required to be drained, because, apart from that, there was no more land in the South- Baat fit to carry population. Was there anyone who would affirm the contrary? (Mr. Ward—' Yes.') If it existed it was unknown to him (Mr. Laurie), and he knew as much of the district ass Mr. War 1 di 1. (Mr. Mortlock -' The discoverer.'') 'There were hundreds of thou sands of acres of good land that only required draining, and it was advisable that money should be spent in draining it ; the Government conll take good cixe to- charge, sufficient for the land to cover the cost of drainage. He had yet to learn that the Northern Territory was anything else but the white elephant it had been described as being in the past. One course open to them wai to out the painter, and let the Northern Territory look after itself. (Mr. Solomon — ' No.') If they .were as wise as Solomon they might know what to do in the matter. (Laughter.) He regretted that the Education Bill, which was carried throngh that House last session w&s; rej sctsd by the Council. He thought its rejection did not reflect much credit upon them; and if i$no rafcee was to prevail, be was sorry that the Upper 'House was elected in the manner it was. If certainjnaeisbers went to their constituents for re-election they would find a difficulty in getting elected. . He wa« very sorry that there should be those in the Council who put in telligenee in one scale and money in the other. (Sear, hear.) Although ho had neither chick nor child to send to school ho wasr qnite willing to have his property taxed to pay for the eduoa'ion of the childron in the colony. (Hear, hear.) If half the House, wera country members there would be no difficulty in passing a Road BilL Victoria hid a better road system than we had. The State there did not think of maintaining the roads ; their maintenance w&3 thrown upou the Shire Councils. He. was willing to vote for a measure that would make landed proprietors pay towards the maintenance of roads through their properties, by which they were made' more valuable. (Cheers.) The sooner they passed a Road Bill, throwing the mainte nance upon the people, the batter it would be. It . was only a question of time. (No.) Perhaps of intelligence, too. (Laughter, and cheers.) He would vote for the ex tension of our telegraph system, and for a water supply for Yorke's Peninsula. He did not know the Government scheme for dealing with the drained land* ; but it wa.% necessary there should be some system. (Hear, hear.) He regretted that it was not stated that it was intended to carry on -the drainage works. Ho did not' avf there had not been a waste of money in connection with those works ; but that was the fault of the people who had carried them out. He thought that the House would be wise if they speat a lump of money in reclaiming land which was inferior to nose ia South Aus tralia. He was surprised that there was no allusion in the Speech to railway extension ia the North ; for he was - satisfied that a railway from the Burra line to Clare would bs a repro ductive work; and although a representative of the South- Bast, he would be ready to vote for the carrying out of such an uudertaking. He thought tbat the Government should con eider the question of opening up Rivoli Bay by means of a railway. It was a matter that re quired immediate attention. There was another subject that he would refer to, and that was the immense quantity of potatoes produced at Mount Gambier, which potatoes were carried over the road to MacDonneil Bay. As much as £120 per mile had been necessary in the past to maintain that road, and that sum would be quite inadequate now with the increased traffic Under these circumstances he would sug-est the substitution of a railway for the road. There would be a few heavy gradient* close to Mount Gambier, bat beyond that he saw no difficulty in carrying out the work. He was disposed to think that being a friend of the Government was a mistake. Had he been con tinually bullying them, they would probably have given him something to conciliate him ; aud he thought they ought to give him some thing, because he was very moderate in his demands. (A laugh.) He hoped that the Government would take a decided stand, and do that which was right. By adopting that course they would please more than they would if they tried to catch a few trouts in the Parli mentary stream of members. (Laughter.) He did not believe in men who retained office for place and pay and not to carry out their policy. (Hear, hear.) If the Government brought in measures that had his approbation they might reckon upon his support. (Laughter.) There were men who, even under those circumstances, would oppose the Government, (dear, hear.) Mr. BARROW said there were two questions before the House— one wasthe adoption of there ply to His Excellency's Speech, and the other was the amendment moved by Mr. Boucsut. He had been informed that another amendment would be moved; bnt as that had not been tabled, and as he had not the remotest Idea what it re ferred to, he could not, even by anticipation, deal with it ; and he must, therefore, confine himself to the motion, and to Mr. Boucaut's amendment disapproving of the continuance of free Immigration at the present time. He would state at once that his vote would be with Mr. Duncan, and in saying that he wished it to i-e clearly understood that he was not express ing an opinion at the present moment on immi gration. (Sear, hear.) He hoped that no hon. members would be betrayed incidentally int? giving an expression of opinion on a subject of such vital importance ; and if any question deserved, this? question deserved, to be brought forward after notice, so that -every hon. member would have an opportunity of preparing himself for the debate. He was well aware that the amendment was strictly in order, but although iu oider, he wished to point out the inexpediency of such a matter being brought under consideration without previous notice. [Hear, hear.) He did not know whether his news would be iu accordance with those of others, but he desired to explain that in objecting .to the amendment, he did so because he considered that a question of such grave importance ought to be discussed after notice. Taking that view of the case, he could not give . a vote that would commit him to a question of vital colonial policy unless that question had been brought forward after due notice given for its consideration, (Bear, hear.} Mr. Boucaut said he did not expeot to carry his amendment. He would respectfully submit to the hon. gentleman, whose knowledge of Parliamentary practice was very extensive, whether it was wise to bring forward an im portant amendment and admit at the outset that there was no expectation of carrying it. (Hear, hear,) The Chief Secretary referred to Mr. Boucaut as the recognised leader of the Opposition. He would like the Chief Secre tary to indicate the Opposition itself. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He would like him to tell them who were the members of the Oppo sition, and when the Chief Secretary had spot ted them, it would be for them to say whether they recognised the hon. member for West Torrens as their leader. (Sear, hear, and laughter.) He did not say that the members of the Opposition would not elect Mr. Bouoaut as their leader ; but he would be better able to express au opinion upon that subject if he knew who the members of the Opposition were. (Hear, hear.) He would say again that in his opinion — and he did not wish to urge it upon the acceptance of other hon, members, but merely to vindicate his own course of action — that although the amendment was strictly in order and strictly Parliamentary, a question of such vast importance should not be dis posed of incidentally, but fully notified On the Notice-Paper. He was sorry that the Treasurer wag not in his place — but he was sure he had sufficient reasons to be away — for he wished to mention that in his speech yesterday the Treasurer said if the amendment was car ried, the Government would resign, He thought at the time that it was hardly wise for the Government, at the very opening of the session, to throw down the gauntlet like that, and seek to intimidate the House by threats when the amendment could hardly be con sidered a no-confi lence motion, the mover having himself said that he did not expect to carry it. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer csuld not have consulted his colleagues before making that remark, or, if he did, it made the matter ten times worse. Such a threat was much more calculated to turn persons against the Government than to decide iu their favor those who might be a little wavering. He would just look vary briv fly at the Speech itself. He did not think thatit would be fair to sub asifc such, documents to a very critical examination, because generally speaking the minimum of sense ia the maximum of words was what was aimed at, not only in vice-regil but even royal speeches They were not particularly degraded if the Speech put into the mouth of HU Excellency should fall short of what they thought those model documents should be. At the same time there' were in the Speech under eonsi lera tion grave omissions which were very signifi cant. He was sure the Chief Secretary could not have consented to the omission of reference to the Transcontinental Railway, without hia feelings undergoing sad commotion. (Laughter.) H.oi-, members would recollect how eloquently, imploringly, enthusiastically, aud passionately the Chief Secretary-pressed upon the attention of that House the vast importance of the Transcontinental Railway scheme. (Laughter and hear, hear.) No price was too high to pay for the railway — no sacrifice too great to make for it; and he named a laud concession that made even the friends and supporters of tbe scheme stand aghast (Laughter, and cheers ) A year passed away, and he then came down with a measure by which he reduced the concession by about 50 per cent. (Mr. Ward— '100 per cent.') That would be all ot-ifc. (Laughter.) Now, a Governors Speech was delivered in which there was no reference at all to the rail way — the -grand scheme had disappeared like the ' baseless fabric of a vision.' and nothing was left to represent it buft the Oawf Secretary himself. (Laughter, and cheers.) He was sorry there was nothing in the Speesh about the consolidation of our bonded debt. ( Sear, hear.)' The Treasurer had baen in a better position to deal with this matter th*n any pre vious Treasurer ; everything was revly to the hands of the Treasurer out of which to con struct a measure for consolidating our various denominations or debts. It was highly impor tant that this should be done, but instead of doing this they were told that B1II3 would be brought in still increasing the number, and he supposed multiplying the diver-ity of our existing bonded debt. He was sorry that the Treasurer had not undertaken the matter, but he hoped th*t it wa-i not too late for him to do so now, ami show that he was not in different to the importance of the subject, aud waa not incapable of dealing with it. Then, again, no allusion was made in the Speech to tbe Mu-ray Kiver trade. The time surely had fully come when any Government pretending to be solicitous to advance the material interests of the colony would feel bound to Utso up thia question. He would be happy to support tbe Government in any feasible plan for ssotiring for this colony the traffic of the River Murray, but they appeared to be indifferent on iha sub ject, and to ignore this great question alto gether, (Hear, hear.) There was also no re ference to another matter — a measure to facilitate the arrest of absconding debtors on this and on the other side of the South Eastern Border ; and they ought also to have had some in.imation of a measure to regulate the sharebroking business, for if -anything admitted of reform it was the share broking business in this colony. (Sear, hear.) On all those and other points the Speech was absolutely silent ; and 'he must say that it was a matter of surprise to him that a document of this kind, which purported to be an exposi tion of the Ministerial policy, should omit re ference to matters that were indispensable to be dealt withjin a comprehensive administration of the affairs of the colony. (Cheers.) In the third paragraph of the Speech it was stated — ' My Government -has not hesitated to grant all reasonable requests made by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.' What were the unreasonable requests that had not been granted ? Perhaps the House would have a little information on that subject. (Eear, hear.) The next paragraph hoped ' that ad vantage will be taken of this to complete some important edifices, to aid in the erection of many Institutes in the country districts, and to provide for many other much needed public works.' Here they had 'important edificeSj' ''country Institutes,' and 'many other much needed public works.' That was rather too indefinite to enable persons to judge whether these, on the whole, were desirable works. (Hear, hear.) The Speech also told them, that 'my Government has made large advances out of revenue towards the expense of completing several duly authorised public works.' He would like to know what the works were, aud what the amount was disbursed from the Trea sury. He had no doubt that information oould bs given, but it should have been given. The Estimates, they were told, were ready, and would be placed in their hands without delay. Then they come to a paragraph 7, which said — ''The amount expended for immigration has been the means of introducing a number of suitable immigrants, all of whom have speedily found employment.' He was not prepared to contradiot that. He hoped that it was so, but the fact was not so easily proved. He would like to have some evidence that in this matter the wish was not father to the thought — (hear, hear) — and he would also like informa tion as to the discovery that immigrants introduced at the expense of the State were not bound to remain in the colony a day after their arrival. ( Hear, hear. ) He would like to know whether the Government were aware of that before they ordered the last lot of free immigrants. He would now pass on to the 16th paragraph — 'The administration of af fairs in the Northern .Territory has bean a source of much anxiety.' There was no doubt about that ; but it should be a source of some thing more than anxiety; it should be the occasion of comprehensive statesmanship. (Hear, hear.) They should want to know not only how sore the disease was, but what was the remedy. (Cheers.) He was afraid that they would find the Northern Territory a costly acquisition, but they must not on that account shrink from discharging every fair obligation. He was, however, quite sure that so soon as the Northern Territory was able to maintain itself, there would be an agitation for sepa ration from this colony — (hear, hear) — and though we might debit the Northern Territory with all the outlay connected with it, getting payment at the rate of 20a, in the pound was a very different thing. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) As to the introduction into the Northern Territory of Coolie labor, he was satisfied, as most hon. members vwere, that if the place was to progress it would have to be by the employment of such labor. (Hear, hear.) 4But a tight hand must be kept upon the purse-strings as regarded Northern Territory expenses. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Myles had raised a question as to whether the land policy of the Government was the embodiment of their own or of Mr. Ward's ideas. Whatever doubt there might be as to the origin of any particular idea, the man who brought it forward, and placed it before the public, and made out of a shadowy theory a hard concrete substance had his name connected with it more than the man who evolved the theory but did not carry it further; and he thought it would be admitted that the policy brought forward by the Govern ment was that shadowed forth by Mr. Ward. (Cheers ) He was disposed to think that the Land Act had not had a proper trial, but if by a short amending Act they could improve its working, he would be prepared to give such a measure his support. (Cheers.) But he must take exception to the language used, and the tone assumed, by Mr. Giyde. He had been known as one who had no sympathy with advanced land reform, and now he had placed himself at the head of that party. (Sear, hear.) Might not, some one might ask, an hon. member change his views ? Yes. Such men as Peel, Gladstone, and Disraeli had changed their views ; but what he complained of was, that the Treasurer appeared to have changed his policy aud not his opinion — (hear, hear) — because Mr. Glyde on the pre vious day warned farmers against availing themselves of the measure that was part of the Government policy. (Cheers.) Reference had been made ia the course of the debate to the advisableness of establishing a defence force. Mr. West-Erskine spoke in favor of such a force to quell internal disturbances ; but Mr. Boucaut repudiated that idea. That hon. membfcr would, however, support the organization of such a force to check any aggressive attack. He (Mr. Barrow) had heard it said that a statement had been made by a member of the Ministry that with 1,000 men he would have put down the Moonta strike ; but, unless life or property was imperilled, the employment of an armed force in such a case would not be justified. (Hear, hear.) They had yet to learn a lesson as to the relations that existed between capital and labor. The man who worked was not necessarily the servant of the maa for whom ho worked. The employe engaged to do a certain amount of work, for which he wa3 paid, and if he did not perform the work, he was liable to an aclioq. Allusion had a^obeen made to Colonel Warburton ; and he wa3 sure there was no one in that Souse who would support more readily than he would do any reasonable proposition to give the Colonel some public recognition of the valuable service he had rendered as an ex plorer ; but it should be borne iu mind that he was seat out by private gentlemen, whose pro perty his journals were, and who, very properly, would be able to obtain any advantage that might accrue from his explorations. His journals could not be used by the Government for the benafit of the colony at large. With refeience to a water supply for Yorke's Peniasula, could the Government tell what amount of money would be raised by what was proposed? If the whole of the mioing population was not included in the Corporation boundaries, the Government subsidising contributions by £2 to £1 might not prod ace sufficient money to carry oat what waa required. He would reserve his opinion on this suiijac-. As he had s*id, he would, vote for the adoption of the Address ; and he hoped that amongst the measures introduced by the Go vernment would be some dealing with the im portant questions which had been referred to ia the course of the debate. He trusted that the GoverEtnent would be able to bring the business of ths session to a satisfactory and an early close. He would give the Government all the support he could, and whenever he had a doubt respecting a matter he would give them the benefit of that doubt. (Oheers.) The CHIEF SSOR'iT i.RY was sura he was expressing the sentiments of every member of the House when he said that it was with great pleasure he had listened to the hon. member who had just sat down, especially as they saw that the weakness which last Parlia ment kept him from them, did not now attach itaelf to him, but that he was himself again. (Sear, hear.) Much, fault had boen found with the Speech and the Address ; sins of commis sion and omission were named. It was easy to find faults, especially of omission, iu any Governor's Speech. The hoa. member for Mount Barker, Mr. West-Krskine, wa3 sur prised bc-canse there w.1,3 not an elaborate scheme of defence provided for iu the Speech, but he bslieve I that if the Government had said they were going to bring before tha House a measure for effectual defence there would have been far more opposition. One hon. member would have got up and said he hoped they did not intend to go in for a lot more of those big guns, and so on. (A laugh.) The matter was not at the present time ripe for settlement by a single colony of Australia. It was a matter which affected all the colonies and must be dealt with by alL Mr. West Erskine had then referred to the expedition of Major Warburton, and he said at once that he was sorry that no reference was made to it in the Speech. Probably if the Govern ment had furnished the money for it they would have looked upon that expedition as a matter which should have been alluded to. He also thought allusion should have been made to another expedition, not so successful, but which reflected great credit on the young 'explorer who attempted it. {Hear, hear.) The next omission was that of reference to the River Murray Railway, bub hon. members must be aware that this was in such a state that it would be impossible for them to say anything definite about it. A survey had been made for a canal, and other examinations were being made in the matter. Then the hon. member Mr. Hughes, also, found faults of omission in the Speech, but he could only say that the Speech was something like a large newspaper. The difficulty was not to find what should go in, but what should be kept out. If everything was put in that was wanted by every member of the Government, it would get to be a very bulky document, so they had simply to make a selection. He would say nothing about the disagreements between the Government and the Education Board. Hon. members jwould shortly have the papers before them, and he believed they would then acknowledge that the Govern ment acted tightly in the matter. Then Mr. Boucaut rose, and said he intended to move an amendment to the Address. Hon. members knew what that meant. An amendment to the Address always carried with it the fate of the Ministry. He hoped no Government would ever assent to an amend ment of the Mad proposed and consent to retain office. (Hear.) With respect to it, he simply wished to point out that if a member voted, against the amendment; be did not necessarily vote for free immigration. He hoped they would have a good deal to say about immigra tion this session ; but such an amendment as that before them could only be intended to have one effect — that of ousting the Go vernment. Mr. Bouoaut, naturally enough, then referred to the land laws. It had been proved that the limitation of the sur veyed lands to land inside of the line of rainfall was undesirable. He had always ob jected to defining lines too particularly, and it was in this respect that the great fault of the area system lay. The particular land people wanted was always just outside the areas, and so it was now. The very land that was wanted was just outside this line of rainfall. He hoped those who were going in for the land would be successful. It was not for any one to say to the farmer 'You shan't take that land; it's not fit for agriculture.' It was the duty of the Government to give him the land if he wanted it. It had become a general principle that the squatter should have what land was not re quired by persons who wonld make a better use ef it; but when it was required, the squatter had to give way. He contended that it was very undesirable to have fixed lines, as had been done. The persons who wanted the land were best fitted to say whether it was suitable or not. Mr. Bouoaut also told them that he was not opposed to assisted immigra tion, though he disapproved of free. Some people made a vast deal of difference between the two, though in one case it was immigration at £12 per head, and in the other immigration at £14 per head. Did any member of the House really think that 200,000 people were sufficient for the colony, with their natural increase. The idea was absurd. An increase to the population of the colony would be an increase of the wealth of the community. He had also expressed the opinion of Mr. Dudley Field in one thing, and he oeuld tell him that he heard Mr. Field express the greatest sur prise that there could be found people in the colony who were opposed to immigration. He said that nothing had tended more to the en richment of his own country than the enormous stream of immigration which was continually pouring in. He had felt there were times when it was undesirable to have immigration — (hear, hear) — but there were times when he considered it absolutely necessary, and the present was one of those times. The railways in the North would require a large quantity of labor, and they would have to im port it. They were not going to ask for an. excessive amount of money for immigration. The Treasurer had stated what they wanted, and he would not further touch upon that. He oomidered it hardly necessary to deny the state ment that any member of the Government had ever said that if he had a thousand soldiers, they would soon put an end to the late strike, (dear, hear.) That was a matter which had nothing at all to do with the Government, but was a private affair between the Directors and the miners. He admired the consistency of Mr. Laurie with regard to the road question. As population extended the demand for roads would increase. Sooner or later they would have to face this question of road legislation. (Sear, hear.) Mr. Laurie would be glad to see by the Estimates when they came before the House that at tention would be paid to the district which he represented. He was sorry to hear that , the population in the district had been reduced by 2,000. If that were the case the require ments of the district will not be so large. (Mr. Laurie — ' Oh ') He hoped the hon. member would admit that he had made some little ex aggeration in this. (Mr. Laurie — ' Not a bit.') Mr. Barrow had alluded to the fact that the financial policy of the Treasurer had not been embodied iu the report, but he considered that all subjects connected with the financial arrangements of the colony should be confined to what was known as -the Budget speech, and if these things were to come out previously it would make this speech less interesting than it usually was. If the amendment were lost the Estimates would be immediately laid before them— (hear, hear) — and he considered they would be found more than usually interesting. One] hon. member said |fche Civil servants bad been treated ' scurviiy,' but he did not think he i would say that when he saw the Estimates 'placed on the table. (Hear.) Of course the Government would oppose th« amendment, if not withdrawn, as strongly as they could, but he trusted that Mr. Boucaut would withdraw it. Mr. PEARCE had heard that another amend ment was to be moved. He did not know whether it was %o or not. He was not in the confidence of that hon member, so could not speak positively ou the question. He found fault with the Address itself; not only with its meagre contents, but with the order in which they were placed. ' He presumed that more matters which were placed last, and were bunched together, were matters of minor importance. (No.) As far as educa tion was concerned, he was prepared to give consideration to any measure such as was before the House last year. If the Government were going to play fast and loose with the road ques tion, the same as they had done last year, he would certainly, at the elections, attempt to raise up an organised opposition to extort from every member a promise that he would support some scheme or other for the reorgani zation of the road system ; but he hoped the Government would bring forward such a scheme as the country would be satisfied with. (Hear, hear.) The question of immigration was a most important one, and he would be obliged to vote with the Government on this question, He believed that eome kind of im migration was absolutely necessary. (The Chief Secretary — ' Hear, hear.') He admitted, however, that his belief in the necessity for im migration had been somewhat shaken of late. He then referred at some length to the fact that the Commissioner of Crown Lands had too osuch. to do, observing that there should be a separata member for the Northern Territory, one for immigration, ar.il another for Crow a Lands. His opinion was, that the land should be BUiveyed ia much larger blocks, so that a man who wanted a good furru might be able to get it in one block. They should be in blocks of 600 or TOO acres each Ob the Terr lowest. He believed this would have more effect than the mere reduction of price in keeping their farmers in the colony, but the present system induced such an unhealthy cpmpetitlofl that it waa baa for the colony at large. The Government could not plead ignorance on this point* He haa pointed it out to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who had promised to give instructions that a larger quantity should be surveyed fa large blocks than formerly had been done; but that same afternoon he went up in the train with Mr. Smith, a fanner, who told him that he had just made an application to have a block of 600 acres surveyed, and the Surveyor General replied that he would do nothing of the kind. He mentioned the names so that there Should be no mistake in the matter, and the onus Was thus thrown upon the Govern ment to see how the hind was surveyed in future. He thought that there had been a great many of the permanent waters surveyed into the sections instead of having been reserved, and he advocated the reservation of most of the waters now remaining. He believed the Government were making a grave mistake ia keeping to the auction system of disposing of the land. (Hear, hear.) He would rather go back to the ' lot ' system than keep to the auc tion, which simply inducedan unhealthy rivalry which did harm instead of good. H« then re* f erred to the leasing system, by which fanners could lease 3,000 acreB at 6a. per acre, with a right of purchase. He was glad thafhad been successful, but he believed that part of the Act would want a slight amendment, so as to pre vent any one person from leasing two or more blocks of 3,000 acres each at the same time. He referred to the Northern Territory, condemning the Government for not having given any title to the various Mining Companies. If the Gorem ment were not in a position to give the boun daries of the claims, they ought to be. (Hear, hear.) The energies of the persona composing these Companies were thas deadened. The Government should issue some kind of a title. The success of the Territory was, in a large degree, in the hands of the Government now. Would they give some kind of a title, and thus allow the Companies to get moneys to carry on their works with ? He advocated the introduc tion of Coolie labor, and stated that he approved of the action ef the Government on this matter. There were many necessary Government works which could be carried on if the Companies7 did not assist the Government in the matter. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ANGAS was certainty surprised at the action of the Government with respect to the land question, and it seemed to him that they had simply adopted the policy of Mr. Ward. No.) They had a policy, then, exactly similar to his. (Sear, hear.) They had altered their opinions rapidly. Mr. Ward had introduced the subject List year, and it had been repudiated by the Government. (No.) He considered that the present Act had met with the approval of the community at large, and it seemed puerile to seek to change it yet. If some altera tion was made now there would be some other amendment necessary next session, and he thought it would be advisable to leave it to a new Parliament to discuss. He did not see any reason why the difficulties spoken of should crop up now. The House, had no% had an opportunity of making itself properly acquainted with the working of the present Act. He felt convinced that it would be useless for agricultur ists to venture to the northward of Goyder's line. He knew the country, and was certain it would nevex do for agriculture. He knew there was a strong feeling existing against free immigra tion, mostly among the working classes them selves, but he thought that too much impor tance was given to this opposition. He had always advocated assisted in. preference to free immigration, because when people sent home for their friends it was moat probable they would stay in the colony. He agreed with the Government scheme for introducing colored labor into the Northern Territory, as it was evident that Europeans could not work there properly. He had been opposed to the go vernment of the Northern' Territory being carried on at such a distance as Adelaide. If it had been a separate Government it would have been better for this colony. The settlements on the drainage works in tha South-East had not been opened up as they should have been. The inhabitants of that district would not go to the North. They i; preferred to go across the Border into Victoria than to go into the Northern Areas. He had been surprised to find that no exten sion of the present Northern line of railway had been mentioned in the Vice-Regal Speech. He hoped attention would be directed to it during the session. The recent explorations by Major Warburton and Mr. Gosse would be of immense value to the colony and the world at large, and he hoped that suitable recognition of their services would be made. He did not know what the policy of the Government! would be with reference to the road question, but he trusted that the sum voted at present would be largely increased. It was poor policy to try and starve the roads, so as toniakethe House pass a fresh Act. He thought that in prosperous seasons the Government should not be too anxious to spend any excess they might have, or they would soon find that taxation would be largely increased, and all the best of the Crown lands would be sold. There was no doubt that the River Murray trade had been allowed to slip out of the hands of the people of this colony. Thesurvey which had taken place was a perfect burlesque, but he hoped they would befere long have a c Anal which would make the river open, not only to Port Adelaide, bat also to other ports. He believed the navigation would be found to be practicable, and hoped the river would soon be utilised for the purpose for which it was no doubt originally intended— that of being the high way for communication with the interior of the colony. Mr. WARD said the remarks of Mr. Angas would serve very well for a leader in the Register newspaper. He had adopted the stock objections to any alteration in the land laws of the colony. He would just re mind Mr. Angas, that if it had not been for him and others holding the same opinion : they would have been able to get a Bill originally that would have needed no alteration. (Hear.) Mr. Duncan had asked how it was the Government expected to carry such a Bill as had been mentioned, seeing that in the same Parliament a similar policy had been rejected. His reply to that was that the House was very differently constituted now from what it was then. Three members who had voted against these principles bsfore had retired, and given place to three who would support them ; and had it not been for the defection of three members of the Ministry, the policy would have been carried last session. They hid now come back to their first principles. If they pressed the matter, he had no doubt it would be settled this session. Then Mr. Myles had given credit to the Government for' having adopted this policy long before he (Mr. Ward) ever gave utterance to it. He ad mitted the truth of this ; but the difficulty was to Bay what had not been their policy. He would show them by the career of the Commis sioner of Public Works. He chose him because it was he who cheered Mr. Myles, When the pre sent Chief Secretary, then Commissioner of Crown Lands, brought forward his first Lands Alienation Act, leaving the term during which the land was to remain open for selection blank, it was proposed that the blank be filled in ' one year ;' but Mr. Bright proposed that it should be ' five years,' and said he considered that only a fair and reasonable term. But then' came the translation of the Attorney-General to the place vacated by the then member for BaroBsa Mr. Baker. Thus the Commissioner of Pablio Works was deprived of his then leader, and he found it necessary to ally himself to some other. Mr. Boucaut then said he would go for a compromise of six months ; and the Commissioner of Public Works then opposed one year as being too lengthy, and joined Mr. Boucaut in supporting six months. Then in the following session he voted for two years, and last session one year was quite sufficient. Thus they saw — first, five years, then six months, then two years, again one year, and now back again to two years. They might refer to the documents to prove the case ; he was only giving absolute facts. He then re ferred to Mr. WeBb- Erskine's remarks about the defence being necessity, and stated that he did notjbelieve that the men. from jfche Moonta and Wallaroo had »ny of the detestable inten tions that hon. , member, Appeared to attribute to theft. (Efestr.iiear.ju They must admit that the men had acted very quietly, and reoollect that they did not cut -the first stone.. He had felt a £aeat sympathy with the Treasurer, for lie. felt .'convinced that gentleman knew lie was pleading a bad cause. He was nothing like so effective as usual. He should recollect that they had never yet had a land law liberal enough to attract population to the colony. (Hear, hear.) They had never been able to compete with, other countries which had laws more liberal by far. By adopting this proposal they would not. be depreciating the value of land already sold, but the value would greatly increase., . (Hear) He blamed the Treasurer for consenting to open up land which he (the Treasurer) believed it would be ruin to them to attempt to till. He believed it was a bad example to Australian statesmen. (The Trea surer?— ' No.') He earned them— (hear)— that they were— {the Treasurer — ' running a risk.') Well, running a risk, although he believed it was running to rain, hut lie would take the Treasu rer's version. Why cid he do this, what reason could there be for It? (The Treasurer— ' To prevent worse.') Then it was a mere ex pedient. . He did this because if he did not, in order, to keep office, he would have to do worse. It was net worthy of him, and he was surprised at it. He was .certain the country had no con fidence in the present Ministry. If a plebiscite were taken of the people of South Australia he was certain it would be vastly against the Go vernment. (Hear, and oh.) The Treasurer stated that he had looked with alarm at the rapid manner in which the lands were being aiiena^eo. nrom tne-urown. u mat was the case, .why did he introduce a Sill to make such alienation easier? It was simply because the country was demanding it. He advocated the 'tender' system being adopted] instead of the limited auction, which led to an unhealthy competition, which did far more harm than good. He had always objected, to the. ** lot,' as he considered it nothing . but a ~ system of State gambling; (Hear, hear.) - The tender system would be found the. fairest in the long run. Then Mr. Laurie had stated that there were no landsin the South-Bast fit for cultivation except those in process of drainage, but he was mistaken. There was land in Baker's Banjre. in the vicinity of BLackport, in the country near to Lacepede Bay. There was also land in the Tatiara country. There was plenty of good land, and he protested against wasting the money of the country by carrying on these drainage, works. He believed that the trip of the Commission had. been of use, and had done some amount ef good, . for it showed him that it was merely throw ing money away to continue these works. Mr. Barrow had asked the question, where was the Opposition, and immediately gave very strong proof that he knew where one of them was, for if ever an opposition speech was made it had been made that day by Mr. Barrow. (A laugh.) The Government would have to consider many other., parts of the- scheme. They had .given thejleuse but a brief idea of what was wanted, but there would be a good deal more required to be brought forward than what was expressed in th'e Speech if the measure was to be at all satisfactory to the country. The. Government should grapple with this difficulty. There was no doubt that duminyism existed under the present system. He believed the . Commissioner of Crown Lands would remedy the matter if he knew of it. During the last month or two there had been a great deception; of the Government, and it raised a serious question, as it wfis- deceptionpraotised by a member of that Legislature. He could put Jus' hand on land selected la the North not more than, five' months age, taken out in the name of Thomas Lewis, & shepherd, who was in the: employ of a squatter holding a seat in. that. Legislature. The property was ran up to a very high price, and; it was a matter of common repute that Lewis had not a £5 note to blesB himself with. Yet he purchased this land, and five months after selection there was as good & sheep-proof fence round the land' as on any run in the colony. He (Mr. Ward) when the measure was before the House, and the Attorney-General drew a clause by which a selector was to make a 'solemn declaration of his bona fides, and if this was proved to be false he was to be liable for perjury. A solemn declaration ought to be sufficient. He thought there should be a Commission to enquire into this subject, _ and then possibly they would be able to ascertain' where the monev came from that paid for this land. Why should they wait for improvemefits to he made as defined by the Act, when they knew that the man was' only a dummy iselector ? The power the Government had should be enforced here . to clear them from the disgrace which attached to the country. and the Legislature by th^ir own members authorising the infringe ment, and providing* themselves for breaking their laws.. ('Name.') The Hon. A, B. Murray was the gentleman he referred to, and the selection was on the Becky Biver, a little below Charlton. Hefound sheep-proof fences erected, And it proved to him that the land was not taken up. for agricultural purposes, and now, though the technical conditions of the Act might be complied with, the land was to all intents and purposes taken up for squatting and not for agricultural purposes.- It was his duty, as a public man, to refer to this, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands should certainly take action to stop any practices of the kind. The Chief Secretary promised him that surveys should not be made in such a manner as to oblige the fences to be taken, and yet they had been so made ; showing that whatever the House might desire and insist upon being done, administrative ability was required to. carry out their desires and wishes, and it was clear thatthatadministratiye ability hadnotbeea manifested by the present Government. ' He could speak on other topic*, but he had no desire to occupy the time of the House. If the amendment were preyed ne unould vote for it. He did not see that the Chief Secretary need take this as a vote of no confidence. If he wished to express his feeling on the question of immigration, 'he did not think he should be prevented from doing so by the fear that it would be accepted as a mark of want of confi dence. The Chief Secretary in his speech that day amused him. He talked as if he were a consistent land reformer. He thought he ought to be allowed to express his opinion of. his colleague without being thoughtjguilty of per sonality, and he would accordingly say that his honorable- colleague had deceived him. He secured his (Mr. Ward's) vote and Parlia mentary support through one session by hold ing out the intention that he was going to support a system of land reform. He came now making similar nromiRpa hn£ in a ma ».«-? thigk these would be accepted. At any rate he (Mr; Ward) would not give his support again. P'* Government had committed themselves by their action in regard to the introdus tion of Coolie labor, not having had the sanc tiotfof that House. He did not say that action had' been unwise, but he thought the subject shoffld have been remitfed to the consideration , *£e.House,-espeeially in view of the fact of adnJSssions by Ministers largely interested as to these speculative Companies. It should have beeri clearly proved that these laborers were necSsary for the Territory before authorising their importation for private Companies, pro bably to be hereafter maintained at the expense of tne Government. He believed if it had not '-=^«ji. iwi hip iuuuouvo j-xormem xerntory speculators were able to exercise through one of €he members of the Cabinet, this and some other propositions would never have been en t!F§H££ri Aa was ^ fey a member of the °™ifif .House, lfc was a mere attempt to keep alive a few swindling Companies a little longer. Asfar as he could see at present, the Northern T^iF7 would Practically have to be aban dotted as far as quartz mining was concerned. T?W^?Tt mu8t have almost had a prophetic vision of the present Government. Some lines _ he fcWte were very applicable to them ; indeed theyjcould not be more applicable if they had beefe^written upon them. The lines were ? *'? What though long years of mutual treachery Had peopled full your ministerial shells Wi}fc'.ghosts of pledges murdered 'mong your selves; ...... Though each by tarns- was knave and dupe, 1 what then? A, holy league would set all straight again ; ' lake Juno's virtue, which a dip or two In some blest fountain made as good as new.' (Great laughter.) Did the Ministry think that the people of South Australia would accept the professions made by the Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General, and Commissioner of Public Works — made for no higher purpose than to se cure their seats at the nextelection: and the Trea surers cry of expediency would have less weight. They ought not to trust such men ; the country did not trust them, and they should not be allowed to have the arrangements for the forth coming elections. If they had, it would be political treachery, for they would take care that particular members had no more than one chance. That was a motive for private mem bers to consider the matter, but a higher motive was, that it was grossly unfair to the people of South Australia that such an undue advantage should be allowed them. He sup posed the Ministers would take care that they themselves had two or three chances, and this was the very reason why members should pre vent them having these chances. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the last speaker had roundly abused most of the Ministry, but had not seen fit to refer 'to him more than incidentally. I was well known with regard to the question of vote of no confidence, that any amendment en the AddreBS was tan tamount to a vote of no confidence, and was always taken as «uch. With reference to the question of Coolie labor, they were blamed for not consulting the House. He would point out . that it was essentially necessary, if anything was to be done, it should be done at once, and a messenger must be on his way for the object ; and he would point out they had the telegraph, and could cancel anything ighicli might be con sidered injudicious action. Mr. Ward' had made a great deal of reference to speculators, speculative Companies, and so on. He (the' Attorney-General) had put his money into Companies with a view of developing the Northern Territory ; and it ill became the hon, member to say these were a lot of swindling Companies. Still, he could afford to listen to all the hon. member might say without being much affected. He certainly protested, how ever against the way that the hon. member for West Torrens spoke ef the Commissioner of Crown Lands. To say that the course he had pursued was equal to political chicanery and dishonesty was, he thought, very unfair, for every one knew knew that in his views the Commissioner of Crown Lands was honest and straightforward. He did not wish to make any attack on the member for West Torrens, as two blacks did not make a white— (laughter) — but every one knew that the Commissioner of Crown Lands was not guilty of the conduct the hon. member attributed to him. The government challenged investigation into the way me urown Jbanas department had been managed. They could not answer these vague chargesexcept by denial, and he gave them an absolute denial; but they were not afraid of specific charges, and courted enquiry. The charges made at public meetings by members of that House were altogether wrong, and this could be proved. Referring to lands open for credit only, he would point out that in August last 164,521 acres were open, while on April 1 last 277,946 were open, or some 113.000 acres more than when the Ministry took office. The Burveys had been pushed en with all pos sible Vigor. The total ftmnnnt. 'nf IotwI «™™ for cash and credit as well, did not much exceed that open when they took office, because a large number of acres (124,000) were taken up under the 6d. clause. Although he did .not go itinerating about the country preaching about land reform, he professed' to take some interest in the matter, and a warm interest too. The Government had been twitted by some members, and by the public press, with having taken Mr. Ward's policy. Ho could say for himself that he had always gone tor Ml an acre and two years' xesersa tion, and he never voted or spoke in any way contrary to this. (Mr. Ward— 'Oh.') if the hon. member was referring to last year-(Mr.; Ward-' Hear, hear')-he would explain that the hon. member tabled a series of resolutions about the 28th of November, juBt aoeut tne end of the session, hardly the time to bring under consideration a cemprehensive system of land reform. ('You entertained ' part of the question.') Yes, they introduced a , Bill to meet crying evils. Long before the Greenock meeting— and, therefore, before the Mount Remarkable meeting— the Commissioner of Crown Lands said it was necessary to have tbese Bchennlpji nmaaliui .nJ t-u~± i._ ? «. I ? — ?-?«-?*»«?«*» a«*£#0«iv»*, cum blight* mo lUuSv have more knd. He (the speaker) had always held the idea that they should not be bound by an arbitrary line— like Goyder's line, for i instance-T-and believed if people thought they could get good agricultural bind in certain spots, they should be allowed to get it. They had no right to support one interest to the rain of another, and if there was any considerable por tion of land available, by all means let the people take it up. He defied Mr. Ward to snow that he had been inconsistent with regard xo nis views on land reform in any one par- I ticular. There had been rumors of a no-conn- I dence motion. It this was what was intended, I let them say so in plain terms, and bring it on. I They were prepared to meet it. Mr. Boucaut I had been wrongly informed with regard to I Mr. Gowling, the emigration lecturer, and what he understood was not the case at aU. He (the Attorney- General) must say I a few words about law reform. It had been I said, that having taken Mr. Ward's system of j land reform, they would also take his Hvsfpm nf I Local Court reform j but they would find on the introduction of the Bill that it was totally different. He would like to read a few words of comment en Magna Charta, ithe boast of Englishmen. The words commented on were— ' We will not sell, we will not deny nor delay to any man justice or right.' The comments j were by Mr. Veraon Harcourt, and were as fol lows i :— ' Every article of this great charter is substantially violated. Justice and riAt am practically sold to those who have the means of paying for them. Justice and right are avoided by the procedure which makes them all but inaceesBible to all but the rich. Justice and right are perpetually delayed till they afford no real redress for wrong, and thus the laws, which ought to be ihe buckler of the weak, become nothing else bat the sword of the strong.' i That was written by a man who was well aaown, ana ne Deiieved imj eloquent remarks would be endorsed. There was no doubt that the delays experienced by suitors under the present system were simply ruinous. It was not the fault of the Judges, but ef the system. It seemed— referring to the case of White v. Taylor— it was a monstrous anomaly that I a decision as to whether certain works on the Torrens should be continued or not. should cost £2.000 or £3 nnn **a ♦!.„* I it should last three or four years. He had sent home for the rules under the New Judicature Act. He had looked at that Judicature Act, and he did not think it would work, or that it would remedy the present evils. What he wanted to see was a fusion of law and equity. He had had a conversation j with Mr. -Dudley Field, the eminent jurist, and j he believed the real remedy would be the adoption of a system something similar to that in force in America. Hon. members would see it was quite impossible in two or three months | to initiate a system of law reform, and it J was not a matter to be dealt with hurriedly, i He had drafted a BUI for a revision of the I Local Court system, and had tried his 'prentice hand on this fusion of law and equity. If he I continued in that House he would do his best I to bring about a real simplification of this I question. He had done as much as he could, j but he could not promise to initiate a system | or complete law reform this session. Mr. Ward's peramttfations round the country were really getting monotonous. His accusation that ' ne naa turned traitor to his principles he absolutely denied, and he would, if the rules of the House permitted, give it a more forcible denial. They had only Mr. Ward's own state ments for_ the principles he was actuated by. Certainly if he could have gone to England as Immigration Lecturer this gentleman, who was so anxious about the land and law reform, would have left the colony to take care of itself, and the farmers' friend would have for gotten his ties to the farmers' interests. Mr. ? — I Ward, in his statements, reminded him of Hood's lines to Bae Wilson — 'Nofdodjisfitto eat it unless he has chewed it.' (GreLt laughter.) He could given the hon. member another quotation from the same author, ad dressed to the same person, who was as great a humbug as Mr. Ward himself — ' 'Tis not as plain as the big hill of Howth A man has got his belly full of meat, Because he speaks with victuals in his mouth.' (Roars of laughter.) Mr. BEES moved the adjournment ef the debate. Carried. The House adjourned at 7.20 till next day. 