UPPER MURRAY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) :niroinred that a considerable exodus of fareontenijilated from Warrnambool district, . and that the district they contemplate in- Riverina, in the vicinity of Deniliquin. >. Enne of these discontented parties had ^th me, yesterday, down the mail mad as Tncnmwal, they would have considerable 10 before carrying out their intentions. I 'en passed over this route, but never before ^pressing effects of the scenery. A more de crnihi not be found on the whole route , h 'iry to Deniliquin. The hypochondriac atiinly l )e killed l>y such a journey. The be artist would wander in vain for a glimpse pietnriaL Nothing but the ghosts of dis- , r «e8 meet the view, and on the ground broken skeletons of those which the id time have cast down, mixed with profuse thistles, lmt grass is disagreeably absent a 5'> lia.l I been accompanied |»y one of these ted parties such a monotonous and dreary lure led him to think tifcice before be "strict which has long been considered the Victoria, from the productiveness of the mstrio.t replete with scenery which would '»< most enthusiastic artist. In ft conjoint of view, 1 believe the speculation I'^e a failure. W hy should this anxiety land become so frequent? Is it because new i an(j would be commercially cheaper ni f *n8 necessary to renew the fertility of \- If so, then cheap land is a curse to a new "j^r than a blessing, and under such a hitherto productive districts of these il! soon lie converted into waste districts fertile province of New England. I remarks for the purpose of causing the c,) 'iteuplatiDg such a removal, should the r fMve correct, to reflect well before they 1 v «it«re which will in all probability prove ,, f o themselves and families. mival presents the same business appearance, -'atrick's Day being a holiday, business was still, and the inhabitants generally had , e l>J)ortunity to seek amusement by visiting places. either is fine, but cloudy and windy ; tem- ' '0° in the shade.—March 18th. E fet of the cricket matches between ^ Deniliquin was played yesterday at the 'P'^e, and terminated in an easy victory Deniliquin team, who won in one innine runs to spare. This will ho surprise to the friends of the Hay sonuj df *>hom thought the result 4 have been fluite the reverse, and they a have whipped the Beniliquinites in-one Before t"he match, we hear that iwo : freely laid on Hay, both here and ^n—HayStandard. March 1*.—Another case of infanticide discovered this time at Paddingtonj the arrested to-day. The Catifornian mail ' Ta oar took over seventy cabin passengers. 