CHRIST THE DESTROYER OF DEATH. 'Our Saviour Jesus Christ hath abolished death.' — 2 Tim. i. 10. Our Saviour Jesus Christ, the text says, hath abolished death — hath abolished this great enemy, this stern tyrant, this universal devburer of man ; abolished him — and yet, we say, he is ; he is before each one of us, and none of us can escape him. How is this ? What is that destruction, or abolition of Death, which Christ has made, or shall make, for us % 1\. The context leads us to say, first, that Christ is the Destroyer of Death by His Word. ' Who h'ath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel.' We hardly consider how dark the grave must have been before Christ came. I know that a few of the ancient philosophers thought out by reasoning, and taught as a dogma of their science, the truth of a life after death. It was a noble triumph of the unassisted reason. That man should have thus argued out, by pure philosophy, the tenet of his own immortality, seems to say to us, That Scripture must indeed be true, which tells -us that God created man in His own image, after His own likeness ; the image of His intelligence, the likeness of His reason, and of His foresight, and of His reflection. And yet, if we read one of those writings in which the immortality of the. soul is argued out by the greatest of Greek philosophers, I think we shall say that his argument could con vince no one — could scarcely have convinced himself. Inac cessible by its subtlety to the common multitude, it must have been unsatisfactory by ifis fancifulness to the privileged few. It was a sound conclusion from unsound premises. It could scarcely be dignified with a . higher praise than this, that it was ' one guess amongst many' of the highest philosophy of Greece. Woe to the man who has to lean his whole weight for eternity upon such a basis ! If instinct does not teach immortality, we shall look in vain for it in philosophy. And even in the Scriptures of the Old Testament, a life after death can scarcely be said to be made the subject of ex press revelation. I know that there are passages, neither few nor doubtful, which imply it : hopes expressed by righteous men, for themselves, of a life with God hereafter; and in timations in the Prophets of an immortality for man, chiefly in the form of similitudes applied to the resuscitation of nations. Our Lord Jesus Christ himself teaches us to look for these things in the Old Testament, and finds them for us in places where they might have' escaped our research. But I will venture to say this — that there is no such thing in the Old Testament Scriptures (till Gospel light is thrown upon them) as an abolition of death and a bringing of life and immortality to light. It was reserved for Jesus Christ to destroy death first of all by His Word. Need I remind any* one of the clearness and the fulness with which He makes a life 'beyond death the subject of ex press revelation 1 ' Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God ; and they that hear shall live.' ' The hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear His voice, and shall come forth ? they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life ; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.' ' This is the will of Him that sent Me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth. on Him, may have everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day.' ' L am the Resurrection and the Life : he that believeth in me, though he were dead (though he have died), yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth in me, shall never die.' 'I go to prepare a place for you, and if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto Myself, that where I am there ye may be also.' ' Father, I will that they also whom Thou hast given Me be with Me where I am ; that they may behold My glory which Thou hast given Me, for Thou lovedst Me before the foundation of the world.' Thus Jesus Christ destroys death by His Word. To those who have learned to trust Him— to those who believe that He came forth from God with a message of truth and reality for man — His word is enough ; enough for faith, enough for con viction, enough for hope. He brings life and immortality to light by His Gospel. 2\. And yet, so great is the danger, so terrible the foe, so critical the question therefore for each one of us, that it has pleased Him to add something to the bare word, ,' that by ' two immutable things we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to the hope set before us.' He destroyed death, secondly, by His works done below. On three separate occasions — reserving one greater still and more decisive — Jesus Christ came face to face, and entered into a combat, as it were, hand to hand with death. He had, just returned from a memorable conflict with a legion of possessing devils, and was come again to that side of the sea of Galilee on which most of His mighty works were done, when there came one of the rulers of a Jewish synagogue, and with every mark of respect and reverence besought Him to come and lay His healing hand upon an already dying child. It was in some respects a new request. Disease many times — but death once only before, and in a different region — had come under His restoring touch. In the first instance, it should seem, the word was 'dying,' not 'dead.' 'My little daughter lieth at the point of death.' But soon (if so) the message follows him, that she whom he had left dying was already dead. ' Why troublest thou the Master any further ?' was the unbelieving or but half-believing comment. Sickness He might have dealt with ; but the last enemy of all is too strong even for Him. Yet the encouraging word of the Saviour emboldens him to hope even against hope. ' Be not afraid,' He said, ' only believe.' Hindered by many interruptions on his way, at last He reaches the ' house. And there, on the threshold, He rids himself of the throng of followers, takes with Him just three witnesses from among the twelve Apostles, and ? then presents himself upon the scene of mourning. Reproving the extravagant grief, always unseemly, and in this case needless, He enters the chamber of death, with only the parents and the chosen three, and in words brief and commanding — of which St. Mark has preserved to us the actual sound as they fell from his sacred lips — He bids the dead child arise. Life comes back, and health with it. ? ' . Thus our Lord called back, by the word of his power, a soul newly parted, to inhabit again for a lifetime the tabernacle of the body: But his hand is not limited by moments, nor arrested by the lapse of hours. As he recalls the child's soul from its recent flight, so at another time He revives the corpse in its burial, and at another opens the sealed tomb, and stays cor ruption itself in its visible course. Approaching, one day, in his journeyings,.the little town of N'ain; he perceives issuing from its gate a funeral procession. Crowd meets crowd ; 'much people,' the Evangelist says, ?l went with Him,' and ' much people' followed the dead man ;o his burial. It was a case for compassion. It was a young nan's funeral ; and he had left behind him a widowed mother, iow childless too. That sorrow which awakened the sympathy )f all, could not lack the sympathy of the Man of Sorrows: md so we read that, when the Lord saw her, He had com-.. -assiori on her, and said to her, ' Weep not' — and then put Ms hand upon the bier on which the dead was laid, and, stopping the bearers, addressed to the lifeless corpse itself the word of authority, 'Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.' That word was not spoken in vain. ; The. word of authority was . also the communication of power : ' He that was dead sat up, and began to speak : and He delivered him to his mother.' There is yet a third record ; if it be possible, more marvel lous still. ; -There wa3 one family upon earth, upon which' Jesus bestowed more than common love, and in which He often- j ' times found refreshment from the contradiction of sinners and the strife of tongues. A brother and two sisters were its surviving members ; and for each of them, the sacred history tells, Jesus had a peculiar and a sacred bond of love. At length, during his absence in a distant part of Palestine, sick-' ness enters the home. The brother lies in danger ; and the first thought of the distressed sisters is .of that absent Friend in whose power and tenderness they have long learned to confide. They send to Him, saying, ' Lord, behold, he whom Thou lovest is sick.' But, instead of hastening to their assistance, He remained for two days in the place where He was. At last He proposed to His disciples a journey into Judea ; speaking of His friend in Bethany as already ' sleep ing,' and of His purpose to go and 'awaken' him. He had suffered the sickness to run on into death, that so the glory of God might be shown forth in the rising. Meanwhile his delay had seemed to the sorrowing sisters, hard and unlike Him. If He had been there, they said, He could have pre vented death : the thought of a resurrection was still above and beyond them. Each sister, according to her character, gave utterance to the regret almost in reproach ; and Jesus himself was profoundly moved as He looked upon the grief for which He had judged it right to leave room. But there was that in His heart, which, though it stopped not His sympathy, yet gave authority to His consolation. ' Thy brother shall rise again.' ' If thou canst believe, thou shalt see the glory | of God.' He approached the grave. A stone lay at the cave's mouth. He bade them disclose the place of the dead ; and then, after one brief thanksgiving, for the omnipotent strength of which He was conscious — for that ' very present' help :- which He felt to be with Him for the mighty work which He had in hand — He calls forth the dead man from the inmost tomb, and sees the call answered by the instant return of his friend from the world of spirit to the world of sense. A doubtful blessing for the man ! to be recalled from his rest, to taste death twice over ! to come back to a world of trouble and sorrow from the Paradise of the just made perfect ! but yet an exchange needful for. the confirmation of his Master's work, and a sacrifice cheerfully borne for His sake who demanded it. 3\. Thirdly, Christ was the Destroyer of Death, by his death. The oft-quoted prophecy of the day of the Fall, ' It' (the seed of the woman) ' shall bruise thy head' — the head of the serpent — ' and thou shalt bruise his heel' — had thus a fulfil ment yet more condensed and concentrated than the words promised ; for it was in the bruising of the heel that the bruising of the head was accomplished. ' That through death,' says the Apostle to the Hebrews, ' He might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil.' I know that there might have been a death of the Saviour, which would have had no such virtue. . If Christ had died and not risen, then would the victory at last have rested with his foe. A dead Saviour is none. A Redeemer holden permanently .by death would have .been powerless even to redeem himself. But this, St. Peter says, ' was not possible.' Why not possible 1 - Because it would have gone against the plain word and promise of God. God ' loosed' for Him ' the pains of death, because it was not possible that He should be holden of it ; for David speaketh concerning Him, Thou wilt not leave My soul in hell.' Therefore, when I say that Christ destroyed death by His death, I mean by that particular death' which He died ; a death for sin, and a death unto resurrection. We have spoken of Christ destroying death by His Word ; by the plain predictions of His Gospel, which everywhere im plies, and everywhere expresses, the certainty of a life to come. But O^my friends, is that enough to destroy death, merely to believe in an immortality % ? Christ's word tells of a resurrection of life ; but the same word speaks also of a resurrection of damnation. Therefore you see — and even the more for Christ's Gospel — there may remain for the sinner a dread of death. Death is not destroyed by merely telling us, on the surest evidence, of an immortality : for an immortality may be of two kinds ; an immortality of joy, or an immortality of sorrow ; an immortality of life, or an immortality of punishment. Now therefore we see why. Christ's death should be added to Christ's word, as the destroyer of death. It is something, no doubt, that in this fearful future which lies befoi'e each of us, Christ should have gone before ; Christ should have even known and passed through the state of death. O, it makes the grave more tolerable, and Hades more homelike, and the cheerless, comfortless separation of soul and body less desolate and less terrible, to know that Christ has been there before ; to have a Friend come back from all to tell us, I have endured ; to say, I know the worst, and it can be borne; I have gone through all, and in it all my rod and: my staff shall comfort thee ! : ; ? ? ,: But even this is not enough. , . ; r ' ?: ( Christ's death had in it something: different from the mere handselling of a strange thing for those that should come after; something more than the mere feeling that a friend has borne this operation before me, or passed in, the van through that enemy's gate, through which I in the rear must' faintly struggle after. Him. What is' it that makes death formidable1? formidable in a sense beyond its mere strangeness, and beyond the mere pain, the physical pain, of its endurance 1 Is it not sin 1 - ' The sting of death is sin.' ...... If then Christ has taken away our guilt ; - has borne our sins ; has made an atonement for iniquity ; has procured for us pardon from God, and love, and . blessingj and eternal life ; and this by His own obedience unto death : then the ' word.3 are fulfilled which say that Christ is the Destroyer of Death by his death; by- that death from which indeed He rose, but by that death wherein and whereby He bore and took away the sin of the world. . ? ,. Yes, we may go down securely into the dark valley, may we but feel that our sins have been done away first ; that God, for Je3us Christ's sake, has forgiven us all trespasses. , . . f 4\. I have yet a fourth word to add : Christ destroys death finally by the great resurrection. The words are St. Paul's. ' The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.' And he tells us how. Even by that resurrection of the body, which can alone give to the whole of man victory over the grave, and over death and hell. How shall we repeat this evident maxim, that a disem bodied soul is but half a man. Our Lord so much assumes this, that He argues from a passage in the Old Testament, which speaks of God as the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, that Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob must not only be living still as souls, but must be destined to a resurrec tion of the body. The whole argument turns upon this. Man is soul and body. If there is to be a future life of man, it must be a life complete in -both parts ; a soul by itself is a ghost, and not a man. Not, then, until the morning of Christ's Advent will death, the last enemy, be destroyed. Abolished by Christ's Gospel, in hope and faith ; abolished by Christ's work below, in prin ciple and in promise ; abolished by Christ's death- for sin, in virtue and power ; Death shall not be abolished (it is the same word) in act and in deed, until the ' dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we, the then living, shall be changed into the same image. Great and magnificent is the glimpse thus given of the powers and employments of the life that shall be revealed. Not for purposes of dreamy contemplation -or indolent praise shall we be clad, in the great day of the Lord, with bodies of beauty and glory. Work, too, there will be for us ; work, large and lofty, expansive and satisfying ; work without weariness or incon stancy ; work, all from God, and for God, and in God. Angelic functions, and more than angelic, may then be entrusted to us ; for ' they that shall be counted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead are equal unto the angels ;' they can kno.w henceforth no pain, nor sorrow, nor weariness, nor infirmity, nor self-reproach ; for the body of humiliation is changed into the likeness of His body of glory — they shall be like Him, for they shall see Him as He is. They, too, like his. holy angels, shall then 'excel in strength;' ?' they, .like his holy angels now, shall then, with new energy, 'do his commandments, hearkening' with open ear ?' to the voice of his words.' . ? Therefore our- latest thoughts must pass on into the region of faith, and see Death himself cast into the lake of fire, and his work finally defeated and undone by a transformation which shall make the powers of evil wish that they had left man alone in Creation gifts. So far is the Paradise Lost out shone and transcended by the Paradise Regained ! Christian friends ! what shall be our part and lot in this abolition and destruction of the last enemy of man 1 ..:-, The question is answered by another question. What is .pur-part now in that destruction of death which Christ our ' Saviour wrought by His own death ? . Have we brought our sins to Him to be blotted out T Have we claimed our share in that forgiveness of sins which He purchased for us with Hi3 own blood 1 If not, we are still (in our inmost souls) subject to that bondage which is the consequence of the fear of death. We cannot look forward into that mysterious region which lies within the black gate, without a serious misgiving as to the consequences — say, even the possible consequences— of the things done in the body j of evil done, and good left undone ; of man disregarded or injured, of God forgotten, despised, and sinned against. . But, if we are Christ's ; if, that is, we have seriously come to Him for pardon, and seriously devoted ourselves to Him for grace : then we are sharers in his victory over death and the grave, and when his glory shall be revealed, we shall be glad also with exceeding joy. God give us all a place in that blessed home, of which it is written, ' The former things are passed away ;' and, ' There shall be no more death .!' — Christ the Light of the World. 