\- IT IS A FACT. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE WAIXABOO TIMES.'!"' Sib,—I am a waiting ghost now, ereryone knew me when in. the flesh, and I had a toler ably good name anongst men. I had no reason to discard the world entirely, and therefore' had a faint liking to visit my old haunts. Bar-room, billiard-room, street corners, &c.;, where I could over-hear a little of the world's doings. 1 would often join the company and express my opinion on general topics from the stand-point ihe other world views them, but for fear I should terrify my old companions with my changed manners. Still, really I enjoy myseif more by keeping invisible, as I am able thereby to hear every thing from everyone. Young people sweeten- . ing themselves for matrimony, need not j trouble themselves about my proximity, al though I like to hear their sweet-innocent talk.' Still, the'doings and sayings of the broad day attract my attention most. But as ifiA) a ghost and never get tired. I often for a. change of programme listen to them -standing by their side. I would often detect them perhaps over-silly talfc, but more of that another time, ■ When I was in the world, Itadina was most feaffuily a nmdhole in winter, it was hard to to £ug through the streets. The most lively spirits of the day agitated the question oi better roads, and most ag ree d that a good cor poration would accomplish small wonders. A tew thought themselves not corpulent enough to stand the rales, but after a good rating fi-oni their neighbours eaved in,- and the thing was carried. I went in for T. H. H. as. Mayor, and signed the requisition, but my departure took place before 1 could Vole, nevertheless I was' gla"d to see- it did not matter much' on account*of the preponderat ing majority in favour of him. With the in stallation of the councillors old things were regenerated. Although it makes no differ ence,to me now, as.! have no boots to scrape, ~ot toes to knock. against the stones, I spin just as easily-pass through die str<:et,just abbye the top feat lier of the heautifulfrelle's hat as on. ithe foot path." Yet I am glad to see how nicely a mortal can trot along without any of the past incumbrances. I was going to say how iiiuch, more easily one ean go through the world now than when-1 was in. the'flesh ;-hut. I Wt know that, in every particular", as I. , trill show another time. The Corporation has .done"a "lot of work well.. -Since tin* streets have been made,'more people, walk about. «speciially of an evening; consequently fihear more street talk, which is wore inter eating on account- of its diversity. But I ndver heard so much unanimity of expression of thought, and on one subject, for an evening, as I did last Saturday evening in my.strolls. " What is the Corporation doing now ?" "Don't know" (says another) " I believe the by-laws are .out.,. I saw by the Gazette that tbfe1 Governor' has sanctioned them. Since the present Mayor has'been in I fancy things have worked round." Another asked'' What ris the~by-TaW ? OBiUls—that no storekeeper is .allowed to hang any stock outside his sh*>p." "I can see the drift of all this,'' (says one.) So I could see the whole drift when in one cornier of tlie Council Chamber the by-law .was proposed. One man of iron sai<l, " It Will not affect, me; I can show my goods in the yard." The n>an of deal said, I can al&o; show mine in the yard." The man of flesh said " I never require to Bang i'at outside.1' Another said " I- never add enough to my stock to require anything out 'side. Cedar stools, &c.;, are all made to order." ' Two others not in business could "*»low off their steam and powder elsewhere. But one more, I almost forgot him, could hang but a tremendous stock for show, and dress his pillars without infringing the by jaw. As the thing seemed to hurt no one, it ',was passed as a by-law. But it does not suit every Charlie Baker. Qne storekeeper* lit spite of- ail said he would hang a tin of bu&side;, the -aboemaljer w ould do the like with a pair of slippers,' and the baker #tth a loaf of bread. P. S. would hang a i tiu outside, and so they went on. They saw it was all meant when the M r was. seen Standing by the painted pole taking a lunar 'observation east and west to see if all,things., i were straight. I, with the majority, must ■ declare it to be absurd. In all my flights ijthrough every town, I see the very thing ^allowed. In Adelaide, a little boy could ) almbst hide bimself behind -he drapery and «grocer's boxes, &c.;, outside, in Hindley and ! Rundle streets. I was thoroughly interested , on Saturday eveuing *ith the rest. Some J for Mayor Suggested T- H. H. some J. C. K. some T. P.—E.r some B s, and some Neddy, neither of whom would do the town credit. I am afraid I tire you with my long chat, you will please excuse therefore, the departure for. a time of some one s . WALKING GHOST. 