SOCIAL SCIEflCE. SPIRITUALISM OP THE PBEBENT DAY The Athenasum, in* an article on two •spiritualist books— Where ore the Dead t or Ifijxritudlim. Explained, by Fritz, and Spirit 'Mediums and Conjurers, by George Sexton, LL.D.—gives the following am using sketch /OP the development reached by the spiritual ism of the present day In the dead season we do well to concern Onxselyes with the doings of the dead, and look hp the ghosts who are flitting about the silent town. What better course is open to the solitary dweller In a deserted city, whose friends of this life have departed to other 3&dS;, and who is growing weary of his own "company ? A man with a taste for society must find associatesof some sort, or pine away; and we can assure our readers that the bogies and demons to whom Fritz has Introduced us are diverting companions. The spirits have come on wonderfully of late. The time is not far distant when their most remarkable achievements were to Tap tables, raise heavy furniture in the air, deliver communications which Prof. Huxley called "twaddle," and enable Mr. Home to walk about ceilings like a fly. But nowa days they are confounding the scoffers who charged them with inability to do or say anything serviceable to the living. Not content with carrying a prodigiously fat woman over the chimney-pots of London, throwing stones at the windows of suburban tradespeople, and shooting whole hundred weights of vegetables through walls of solid masonry without injury to fruit or stone-work, they have applied themselves to the useful arts and sciences with astounding results. As physicians, they write prescriptions, and As lawyers they give opinions. Tbey paint •pictures, practise photography, give lessons in music, deliver lectures on religion, .morals, and social science, and throw off poetry by the volume a day. Spirit-life moves faster than human existence. Every week gives us a novel "manifestation " and staggering de velopment Mr. Home has beenso completely distanced by the younger mediums that he Lob fallen into disesteem in spiritual society as an utterly worked-out practitioner. Even though he were to fulfil the predictions of his former admirers, by floating round the dome of St. Paul's, or prevail on the dear apirits to pull him out another yard.ind tie him into a trne-iover'sknot he could not recover his lost leadersblp ofthemediumistic army. He is anactorof the past.. We are living in the period of Miss Fionie Oook and Mr. Morse, the famous tcanocb-leoturer on things in gene ' PootSmjeantfSox^whoipthe i" ' * the most 'ja the mdst cruel aud ungiuteful wrareeof spirits in the most off hand way." Rri|e gives several accdunte of shrieks, light and dark, at Mr. Gooks dwelling; and it appearsthatone evening's entertainment ooswjp resembles another. Tftving assembled her friends in the basement parlour; Florrie enters a small closet, the door of which, open* ing into the room, as provided with a iiofeat the top. Qa retiring to this cabinet, the tw.,th her a roll of tape, or toll of strong string, or a supply of, thin twine. The door of toe cabinet is Becured wuh a key. An interval of a few minutes, and the company m the.parlourhear a voice that comes through the door of the cabinet, and bids them open the mysterious cud board. On obeying the order, they see Miss FJcrne, sitting on a chair, and bound to it with the tape, small cord, or twine. Of course the spirits have tied her to the seat The sceptic who ventures to suggest that the girl may hare arranged the bonds for herself finds himself frowned upon as a rude and foolish person. It is enough for spec tatore to observe that Florrie is " tied round the neck, arms, and legs to the chair in a very uncomfortable and apparently secure manner,' and to understand that the spirits have so fastened her. This inspection of the bound girl being made, and seals put on the knots of her bonds, the company retire to the darkened room, and the door of the lighted cabinet is again locked on Florrie. All now being ready for the second part of the performance, the occupants of the parlour look towards the hole at the top of the door of the cabinet, through which aperture a hand, an arm, aye, sometimes two hands, ate soon thrust. Of course the hands are not Flome s. How shonld they be, when she is known to he bound' "band and foot" to her seat ? When tbey have been touched and played with by the excited beholders, the hands are withdrawn, and soon a spirit shows its face at the opening—first the head of Katie," who is Miss Cook's choicest spirit ; then a second head, "surmounted by a turban, and with a decidedly eastern ex pression of countenance ana dark com plexion;" then the face of the "Haverford west spirit," with or without " the scar over the left eye." When spiritual faces have ceased to appeal* behind the square hole, and the spectators have grown weary of looking in vain for more manifestations, a spirit-voice enjoins them to open the cabinet sg®in« and see that the entranced damsel ib still in bondage, with unbroken seals on the knots of the ligatures. The stance may have other incidents. There may be raps, or the .spirits may talk with human voices, or, the candle in the cabinet having been extinguished, mysterions phosphorescent lights may render the darkness terrible. But enough has been said for a general report of an evening's performance at the home of the Hackney medium. Tomaterial istic outsiders who have attended the stances of Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke, or only read Dr. Sexton's admissions respect ing the delusive appearance of security which may be given to insecure bonds by the practitioners of rope- trickery, it may appear possible to account for Florrie's doings. " I will show you the kind of knot that is used by these gentlemen," said Dr. Sexton in his exposure of the exposers of spiritualism, "and you will see how easy it is to get the hands out, although the rope loois most secure. You may even seal the end, as the doing so will not present the slightest difficultyjn the way of getting out again." If Miss florrie Cook is really bound fast, as well us with apparent security, it is unfortunate for her that none of the several accounts of her exploits, given in Fritz's compilation, satisfies the suspicious reader on so important a point But though Miss Flonte may appear to gross materialists to be nothing more than a childish imitator of the Davenports, and a performer of repeat edly explained impositions, she is rated otherwise by the spiritualists, who declare ber a veritable medium, and by the "spirit ually disposed,"who like to call themselves impartial observers." Anyhow, the young lady has succeeded in her profession, and made her papa famous. Leaving the scene of Miss Fldnie's perform ances, let us visit the photographic studio in the Holloway-road, where Mr. Fred. A. Hudson is surrouhded by spirits who persist in putting their likenesses on the plates placed in his camera. In March of last year he had *' developed" a 0f the famous Mrs. Gnppy, when, to his as tonishment, there appeared on the plate the semblance of a spirit by the side of the lady's portrait. Experiments following on this strange incident satisfied Mr. Hudson that he could produce any number of "spirit' photographs" by exercising bis industry in tbe presence of a medium. Subsequently he discovered that he could produce the same results in the ab sence of a regular medium—a fact which is supposed to Indicate that he is himself possessed of mediumistic power. It is need less to say that the fortuhate photographer has for several months driven a thriving trade in spirit-pictures. But his success has . been attended with detraction and calumny. Persons have been found so incredulous as to question the genuineness of the por traiture, and so malicious as to accuse the artist of practising the artifice of " 'double exposure, a trick by which any photographer can easily produce ; ghosts' ad UbUum.n He has been covered with abuse, and threatened with legal proceedings by those who are Srveree enough to imagine themselves the ipes of trickery. Butxteperseveresinthe path of duty, heedless alike of '.suspicion and slander. "He hw stea&U;^lftitz in Whilsttiie gppi--—5 •"Aphpivother <du, wateroolours, Id, the] afore-named masters. Fritz admit* that "very few of theaeworks are fehuak to the productions of the same artists duringlife —a fact whiohj heeuggests>',may" be con a' a1..a ! 1 k - • * - * • '* * k. Aim as no doubtj the ; present Royal Academy wouldscarcely like being Bubject to the com petition of the old mas tors." • . ; The Teader is by this time so.familiar with the conditions of trance- mediumship, ■that it wilt cause faim no surprise- to learn that Mr. J. J: Morse, "the most celebrated trance-medium -in England," is the mere speaking- tube of Tien-sjen-ti, who was a Chinese mandarin Some hundred and forty years ago. Possessed by the spirit of this whilom mandarin, Mr. Morse unconsciously lectures on various Questions of moment, at the Spiritual Institution, 15 Southamp ton-row, London, and other places of spiritualistic reunion. The wisdom that, under these, •circumstances, comes from his lips is not his own wisdom. How should it be, since he is a man of no education, and only four years ago was the pot-boy of a London tavern ? Gross materialists may think him a learned orator. But the spiri tual need not to be told tbat his trance speeches are the philosophic utterances of the ghostly Tien-sien-ti. To silence Prof. Huxley, and other people who accuse the spirits of talking "twaddle, "Fritz gives some choice specimens of the mandarin's doctrine. Denying that the spirits of the stout are more corpulent than those of the lean, Tien sien-ti, to the great relief of the " Claimant," has declared, % the mouth of his instrument, J. J. Morse:— "The Bpirit assumes normal proportions, uninfluenced by any diseased conditions which may have produced the stoutness in earth-life. When spirits appear to seeing mediums, it is necessary that they should assume their earth-form in order to be iden tified. Those not long departed retain a full memory of their earthly condition;'and thus appear externally in the earth-form." ~ It appears that the ghosts of Englishmen wear trousers and coats for some time after death, when they gradually relinquish them for more spiritual garments— "The dress of spirits," says Tien-sien-ti, " doesnot depend so much on the exigencies of climate, as it is a qdestipti of choice on the part of the wearer. On its first entrance into the spirit-world, the spirit follows its earthly habits, which aloue occupy its memory in that respect Spirits who are advanced a stage farther wear long flowing robes, in dicative of their degree of development Those in the lower spheres are clothed in a more material garb, the style of which is nearly allied to earthly fashions, and less spiritual than in the case of those who have ascended higher." By the mouth of another trance-medium, a ghost of authority in spiritual circles, has declared concerning drunkards— "The drunkard on entering the spirit world has an uncontrollable desire for more drink. He longs to retain to the earth, and when there he impresses some individual to drink, thereby gratifying his former pro pensity at the expense of some one else. In very many instances, the drunkard is incited to drink by the spirit of a deceased drunkard, but not always. The appetite for drink possessed by a drunkard after death continues often rimes for a long period; in other cases not so long.!* Is Prof. Huxley satisfied that he has done the spirits injustice? 