Telegraphic REUTERS TELEGRAM TS ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BT SUBMAMNE TELEGRAPH.] England. London, August 28. Haiivest operations are nearly concluded and the general result i3 considered satisfactory. Tho Great Eastern, s., has commenced the laying of another, cable to America. FRANCE. London, August 2S. Marshal MacMahon has returned to Paris from a tour in Brittany. His reception was quiet and orderly, the Republicans occasionally making manifestations. In reply to an address with which he was presented, ho dwelt em- phatically and distinctly upon the character and authority of his Presidency during tho Septeu nate. Marshal MacMahon visits the Southern di.f tricts of Franco during Soptember. THE BRUSSELS CONFERENCE. Loxdox, August 28. Tile sittings of tho Conference at Brussels of representatives of tho European powers, which has been held chiefly to define humanitarian principles during warfare, conclude to-morrow. Townsville. [PROM OOH OWN CORRESPONDENT.] August 29. The Government steamer Kate, bringing His Excellency the Governor mid suite, arrived here Hus morning at 10 o'clock, having steamed up. Ross Creek, and berthed alougsido Messrs. Clifton and Co.'s wharf. His Excellency landed at noon, and held a levdo at the Primary School. The demonstration was confined lo a display of all tho available bunting, tho Municipal Council not presenting any address, and the reception generally bcuig quiet. In tho evening a banquet, which passed off successfully, took place, the Governor and the Colonial Secretary, and all tlie influential residents, being present. Tho Marquis of Normanby, who dwelt in his speech on his approaching departure from the colony, and Mr. Macalister, were both warmly received. Mr, Macalister was engaged all the .afternoon in inspecting tho Government buildings. Monday is to bo kopt as a public holiday and' the festivities aro to closo with a ball in the evening. The latest reports received from tho Palmer gold-fields aro of a very satisfactory character. A heavy galo has been blowing throughout to-day. Sailed : Leichhardt, s., for Cooktown. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN* ASSOCIATED MESS.] , August 29. Blondin's first performance took place in the Domain this afternoon. Ten thousand people paid for admission. ?Tho A.S.N". Co.'s s. City of Adelaide, hence to Melbourne, arrived at Eden this morning, with a gang of men and all the appliances necessary to float the E. and A. Co.'s s. Jcddah. Sonior-constablo Hudson, charged with au assault on a girl in the lock-up at Binalong, has been remanded. Sir H. Robinson's Speculation has .beeii scratched for his engagements at tho ensuing Randwick Meeting, including the Metropolitan Stakes. Latest Betting :?The A.J.C. Derby : No money is obtainable about Kingsborough, who is a strong favorite ; C to 1 v. Melbourne ; 8 to I v.A.T. ; 10 to 1 v. any other. The Metropoli- tan : 100 to 10 v. Horatio and Goldsbrougli; 100 to 12 v. Fitz Yattendon and-Arrow ; 100 to 7 v. Myrtle ; from 100 to G, to 100 to 3 aro tho current odds against other horses. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED TRESS.] August 29. A young woman, whose name is at present unknown, committed suicide, at an early hour tltis morning, by throwing herself off Princes' Bridge. Sarah Grimley, an elderly woman, attempted to commit suicide by jumping off a wharf into tho Yarra, but was rescued. The inquest on the body of John Moriarty, tho farmer, who was found with his throat cut and pockets rifled, near Mornington, was opened last evening, and has to-day been adjourned for further evidence to bo procured. The boat built for the intercolonial gig craw was launched this morning, being christened the " Victoria." It weighs only 103Albs., is forty two feet iu length, and is considered a very fast boat. At the sale of a draft from Mr. W. Field's stud flock of Leicester owes, prices as high as twenty and a half guineas were obtained for some of the sheep. Large sales of stud sheep have been held to- day, and the sum of six hundred and eighty guineas (sic) was given for a ram, being tho highest price yet realised here. The boot importers have held a meeting, at which resolutions were passed protesting against a fixed duty on boots as proposed by tho new tariff. New South Wales 5 per cent, debentures are in demand at 107, and Queensland 4 percents, meet with a strong enquiry. The Bulletin gives currency to a report that Mr. Byerley, Engineer of Hoods, CD., hos been removed to Brisbane, nud that Mr. A. Jardine has been appointed head of the roads department in the Central Division, with the title ol' Pa- triot Roads Inspector. A comiEsroxDEXT, signing himself " Fair Play," thinks ho has got tho solution of certain mysterious circumstances. Ho says :?" Iftlu told that whenever a raid upon the suburban goat is in contemplation, the ' bush telegraph is set to work in tho suburbs, and a message goes round to tho favored ones, ' Keep in yonr goats on tho 19th,' or 'nest Tuesday,' as the case may he. Tho result is that when the destroy- ing angels in celestial blue sally forth on their mission, the favored ones who have got the office,' keep their animals at home, and only the luckless uninitiated outsiders como in tor tba death-doom. It appears to me, Sir, as one who am indifferent about the goats, as I neither keep any nor am annoyed hy them, that there is a littlo roughness and inequality about this sort ot 'passover' business, and that it would be as well (seeing that the theoretical law of tho land and the law as administered differ so widely) it a code of the latter were to be published fro01 time to time in the Government Gazette tot general information, and eo place all classes on. an equal footing." Fiwm very voluminous reports in tho Rock lampton JW-? of tho GoverT''s visit' nU<1 "" rte creat doings that took place ni consequence, 1 Summarise the following particulars i-His Fvc'lkncy matlo liis official landing at 10 o'clock Wednesday morning, the 19th instant, and ls received by the Mayor and aldermen, the , ,'ember for Rockhampton, and a largo concourse of people. The local Volunteer Band was in Attendance, and carriages were in waiting, and conveyed tho Vice-regal party to tho Primary Schools, where the children went through tho usual examination of their proficiency, sang several songs, and wera granted a holiday. At noon the same day a levCowas held in the Court house, which had ibeeu decorated for tho occa »io~ About seventy persons wera presented, but several arrived too late. The levee over, His Excellency, accompanied by Mr. Macalister and Dr. Salmond (Health Officer), proceeded to in- spect thc Immigration Depot, the Lunatic Re- ception House, the Hospital, Orphanage, Water- works, and Gaol. In tho evening a banquet was Wveii in tho School of Arts, at which tho Mayor officiated as chairman, having on his right tho Marquis of Normanby, and on his left Mr. Macalister.. In proposing tho toast of the evening tho chairman dwelt upon the compliment paid to the colony by sending to it a gentleman of His Excellency's ability and experience, and expressed tho general reTctto hear of liisoxpected departure from tho colo/gy. Ho expressed, amidst much cheering, th1 Camon .that the greater degree of justice which had been dealt out to tho district since His Excellency's first visit was, in a great measure, due to his personal influence in tho cause of justice. In replying, His Excellency, after expressing his consciousness of the warmth with which ho had always been received at Rockhampton, said that ho had, on receiving the news of his promotion to New Zealand, hesi ti>* ''-at first whether to go ; and had been cniolly influenced in his decision by tho fact that Lady Normanby found tho Queensland climate unsuitable, and his own health; demanded a ¦change. He renewed his warning against Sepa- ration as a remedy for grievances, and concluded by proposing " Prosperity to Rockhampton," coupled with tho name of tho Mayor ; who duly responded, in a hopeful strain. ." Tile Ministry'' was then toasted ; and Mr. Macalister, who was very warmly received, in replying', stated that tho occasion was not suitable for tho discussion of general politics, but assured the company that the interests of Rockhampton were not lost sight of by the Go- vernment. At the conclusion of his speech ho was loudly cheered. On tho following day His Excellency was present at a pic-nic up tho Northern Railway, past Gogango. About 200 persons occupied tho train, which was piloted by tho Chief Engineer, Mr. Ballard. On leav- ing the train, about three miles past Gogango, the Vice-regal party proceeded by buggy along the works, as far as Rocky Creek, where tho working of a Burleigh rock-drill came under notice. On the return journey ono of tho springs of tho buggy carrying the Governor and the Premier gave way, but Mr. Ballard, judging the line to that point sufficiently advanced to permit of the train traversing it, telegraphed to thc carriages to bo brought on, and nfterashort' delay all woro onco more seated and speeding down tho Hue to White'Cliffs. Here the general rendezvous had been appointed, mid refresh- ments awaited the party under an extemporised marquee. Some speeches succeeded, nf tor which ?nt about -1 o'clock?tho homoward journey was resumed, and Rockhampton reached shortly before 8 o'clock. On leaving the train His Excellency was heartily encored. Later in tho evening, the Governor and suite attended tho theatre, where " Tho Joalous Wife" was per- formed, Miss Joey Gougonheim taking tho prin- cipal part. The Kate left Rockhampton for Mackay on Saturday, the 22nd, with the Marquis of Normanby and party, under a salute o£ seventeen guns, alternated from the bank cf the river and the barque Lady Douglas. Mr. Edward Richardson, who in 1873 accom- panied, it will be remembered, a number of im- migrants to Queensland in the Ramsey, and who, after visiting some parts of th colony returned home, is about to appear among us once more. We have received a pamphlet, or rather broadsheet, which arrived by the Suez mail, bearing on the subject. It is issued by Mr. Richardson for the information of the laboring classes around him, and is a most effec- tive document. Independent of the guarantee of good faith which Mr. Richardson's own name must by this time afford to the Buckingham bucolics, the paper contains a number of letters addressed by Ramsey emigrants to Mr. Richard- son, or their own relatives at home. These are of course eulogistic of the colony, and there is a plain straightforward reality about them worth a thousand studied lectures. They hit spots no official would dream of aiming at. Thus the agricultural laborer has the satisfaction of hearing from Tom, Dick, or Harry, whom he knew well, it may be, that there are no wild beasts here to devour them, that the sea voyage is nothing so very dreadful after all, and that it is by no meaus so hot as people wanted them at home to believe. Again, one writer tells his friends that they needn't fear to be looked down on if they come as free immigrants. He X7-1 truly that there is no difference at this end made between paid and free passengers. Then says another, "The nights are nice and cold," and still another is jubilant over his having saved £8 in six months, and so these correspondents go on hitting tho mark at every shot. Another useful feature is the sensible advice Mr. Richard- son gives to intending emigrant's. Formal direc- tions, lists of wages current in the colony, and an epitome of the land and land-order laws fill up the remaining space, the most important announcement being that the Indus would leave on such a day in August, and that Mr. Richardson was prepared to give emigrants every information and help, and would himself take passage in the vessel. A coniiEsroxDEST says:?"Perceiving from your paper tlwt a constitution for the Natives' Association is in course of preparation, I will, with your permission, make a suggestion to tho committee. It is that the Association be open not only to actual natives born, but to persons who have been in these colonies since their seventh year. These latter are in feeling and in everything but tho accident of birth just as m«ch Australians as Australians born. I know tour young ]ads, brothers. Three came to >e colony under the age of seven years; °«e was born in tho colony. The latter « in tnlmy reapect3 least Australian. o£ tiie four. i hy admit him, and by excluding the others, ^"de the house against itself ? The committee feuould consider this well, and remember how Wgcly the adoption of the suggestion of one Who wishes their, society weU would strengthen ',!la" "^ease its numbers, without unreason association." . A Kins, which will occasion considerable in- jury to tho cane crop, on Yatala plantation, Albert River, owned by Mr. Witty, broke out on Thursday last. Tho fire commenced in a pile of dry trash, which was stacked in close proximity to the sugar mill, and was occasioned, wo be- lieve, by tho careless use of matches in the vicinity. The flames spread to tho glowing crop, most of which is ready for crushing, and there will probably bo an extont of four or five acres completely destroyed. We un- derstand that the fire is still smouldering. The absence of rain, combined with the drying winds of the last fow weeks, has made the season .1 most favorable one for bush fires, and from various quarters of this and tho surrounding districts we hear of thom raging with great severity. These fires, in tho majority of cases, aro caused through the carelessness of passing travel- lers. Tho damage caused by them is some- thing enormous, and sometimes entails total ruin upon the struggling settler. In South Australia quito recently an attempt was made to lessen tho risk of such disasters bj' introducing a measure for prohibiting tho importation of wax vestas, but the proposal created such a furore, and was denounced so vehemently as an infringement of tho liberty of the subject, that it had to bo abandoned. There can bo scarcely a doubt, however, that wax matches are tho cause of many a lire both in town and country. But even if their use were forbidden, tho careless or tho vicious-minded would find some equally efficacious mode of creating havoc. An advertisement in another column an- nounces that Mr. Frank Weston, the " Wizard Oil Princo," will "dig down" and "speak a pieco," at tho School of Arts, to-morrow and Thursday evenings. We understand that iu tho course of his "diggings down" Mr. Weston manages to unearth a number of very good jokes and got* his audience into excel- lent humor. It appears that admission is free, and how tho performance is made to pay is as yet ii profound secret from us. The old standard drama of "Ingomar" was the principal feattiro of tho performances on Saturday night at thc Queensland Theatre. Tho play has frequently been represented here, and most theatre-goers aro aware that the interest is centred on tho two loading characters, Parthcnia and Ingomar, to whom tho subordinate parts serve only as a setting. Mr. Bates has ovidently grasped tho conception of tho part of Ingomar intended by the author. Tho whole history of tho operations of the mind of a barbarian under the civilising influences of love has to bo doriictcd by the actor. Tho mero toxt furnishes only tho cue to the by-play and facial action on which tho elucidation of thc study depent's. No actor who should dopend upon tho text alone for a success- ful representation could succeed. Ranting would entrap him on the one hand, or colorless tameness on tho other. Mr. Bates very fairly avoided ¦ both dangers, and pre- sented an Ingomar which, although not incapable of even higher finish, yet was an excellent interpretation of the part. As Par thenia, Mrs. Bates showed to moro advantage than she has lately done. Tho character per- emptorily demands a good deal of very subdued neting, and when Mrs. Bates allows a little ro poso to enter into her representations, sho can be very pleasant indeed. In tho scene whero Parthcnia weaves garlands, and simply repeats to Ingomar hoi- mother's analysis of love, ending with tho child-liko " I never felt it," uttered with thc same unconsciousness ns if speaking of some oxotio perfume, sho reached a much higher lovel than her tragic efforts have yet touched. She has on sovornl occasions been woeful and joyous to tho fullest bent. Sho lias been occa- sionally almost supernatural, and, liko every- thing supernatural, impressive; but in tho quieter parts of her representation of Parthcnia she touched higher ground?she was natural ! The filling in pf thc background was by no means so satisfactory as has lately been usual at this theatre. Much of the subsidiary, effect of tho play depends upon striking groupings. Some of the situations are unquestionably meant to be spectacular. The management appear to have been conscious of this requirement, as they augmented the ordinary numbers of the com- pany by a contingent of supernumeraries. But in so doing they, in a ohoico of two evils, by an error of judgment chose tho worst. A paucity in tho number of suitable characters on tho stage would have had a weak effect, but tho ad- dition of incongruous figures destroys the pic- ture altogether. Some of the scenes which should have assisted to build up the interest, became utterly apposed to the sentiment required to bo sustained, and by their grotesque absurdity dis- posed tho audience, which should have been kept properly impressed with tho classic interest of the play, to an antagonistic levity. To tho regular company these remarks do not apply. Mr. .Hasker looked the part of Minn to perfection. Miss Douglas is to be commended for at last consent- ing to sacrifice her pleasant face to the disfigure- ments of old age, and Mr. Russell's make-up and acting were aliko highly satisfactory. Mr. Leo- pold had a part quito out of his regular lino, and his efforts deserve a word or two of com- ment. During the earlier parts of the play he showed unexpected signs of fitness and ability in a stylo of acting which we have not before seen him seriously attempt. He showed at first n perception and actual power which caused his audience to forget to laugh as they generally do whatever may be the character of the part ho is representing. It appears possible that this actor has not yet discovered where his highest powers lie. iVe have never been better disposed to laugh at liis low comedy, than'wo were on Satur- day night at times to applaud him in his new rile. He was unquestionably unconscious how near he approached making a sterling success, for as tho play proceeded he allowed himself to L relapse into characteristic comicalities. Tho attendance was scarcely so good as had been tho case throughout the week. T)iisvevening " Tho Long Strike," a sensational piece, will probably attract a large gathering. Tub Zelindrn troupe gave two performauces at the School of Arts on Saturday. Neither in tho afternoon nor evening were the audiences so large as the merits of the entertainment deserved. The company has been far from fortunate in Brisbane, but the fault assuredly does not Ho at the doors of the performers. We recommend them to the favorable attention of up-country readers, and trust they will receive better patron- age. They play at Ipswich to-night. A meeting of the Local Board of Health will take place at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The principal business will be the consideration of ^tenders for the construction of the sewer in Adelaide-street. A RockHajipto.v correspondent advises us of a fatal accident to a man named Charles Newsam, whp fell from his horse and was picked up insensible, blood flowing profusely from his ear. He lived only a short time after. He was under the influence of liquor when the accident happened. Tm: Supreme Court was crowded at 1 o'clock on Saturday by poisons anxious to hear the decision in tho divorce case, Wilkie v. Wilkie. Their Honors came into Court punctually at the appointed time, and the announcement of tho Chief Justice that judgment was reserved until the first day of next term, Tuesday, September 8, created considerable disappointment. The popular belief is that tho threo Judges experi- ence considerable difficulty in coming to ii unanimous decision on the matter. Two, it is said, are for a judicial separation, and ono for a dissolution of tho marriage. The criminal sittings of tho Supremo Court comuioiico this morning. Tho cases sot down for trial aro os follow :?Johnny Brisbane, un aboriginal, for tho murder of another aboriginal at Yandina ; Billy Copp, ii Polynesian, for tho manslaughter of a fellow South Sea Islander, on tho Albert Rivor ; Janies Blakoy, for fraudulent insolvency ; and Charlotte Webb, alias Carter, for bigamy. Tho sittings are likely to last the greater portion of tho week. Mr. Justice Lilley will preside. The following sittings in insolvency ad- journed since last Monday, are set down for hearing to-day:-Certificate sitting: A. Q. Henriques. Third sittings : Cornelius Morti- mer, William M'Kean, E. S. Smith, William Newton. Second sittings : Charles H. F. Block, Joseph Davis, Charles M'lntyre, William Lull', Daniel Grigg, George Matthews, Arthur Knight. Adjourned first: James Blakoy, Joseph Davis, Daniel Grigg. First: James Connor and Lewis Ziemn'ii." Mr. Justice Sheppard will pro-' sido. At tho Tolico Court, on Saturday, before tho Acting Police Magistrate, ono drunkard was fined os. or twelve hours in tho lock-up, and two 10s., with tho alternative of twenty-four hours' im- prisonment. Herman Yanera, against whom wore ten previous convictions, was lined 1 Os., ol- in default forty-oight hours in tho cells. Tun traffic earnings of tho S. and W. Railway for the week ending August 22 wore as follow : ?Passenger fores, £JU2 17s. ; goods aiid live stock, £1229 9s. lld.; parcels and miscellaneous, £39 Os. fid.: total, £1701 Ss. ld.?being an increase of £219 ls, -ld. over tho corresponding week of last year. The members of tho Victoria Good Templars Lodge, Warwick, have erected ii monument over the grave of Harnett Allen, who unfortunately lost his lifo whilst bathing in tho Condamino. The monument is in the form of a column or obelisk, and is tho most prominoiit erection of tho kind in tho burial ground. It is eighteen feet high, and is at the base three feet square, and contains a suitable inscription. The following announcement appear* in tho llocli-hanipton Bulletin of tho 2(ith instant. Our readers will please take noto of tho more than semi- official flavor which seasons tho wholo para- graph :?" It will bo recollected that when Mr. Fitzgerald introduced his motion.iii the Legisla- tive Assembly hist session with regard to coolie laborers, tho Government warmly opposed it, the Premier intimating, in reply to a taunt from tho mover, that if any one of his colleagues voted for tho motion he would not romain it Minister after tho next morning. Pressure of circumstances, however, have now compelled tho Government to take up a different position, the northern sugar-growers, finding their interests in jeopardy, having takon advantage of the Torres Straits mail boats to import a number of Chinoso laborers from Singapore. These men, it is discovered, aro of a very undesirable class, being tho sweopings of tho ' Em- porium of tho East,' and, ns it was impossible to prevent their introduction, the Government found themselves on the horns of a dilemma. It has been, therefore, deter- mined to adopt substantially tho proposal of Mr. Fitzgerald, with tho oxecption that, instead of appointing a Queensland Government agent at Calcutta, arrangements will bo made with the British Government agent ut Ainoy for tho forwarding of a number of Chinese agricul- tural laborers by each monthly steamer. It is represented that Ainoy is tho port of un ex- tensive sugar-growing district, and that the class of Chinese it is intended to introduce will do nothing but plantation work, as they have been born and reared iii its midst. These men, wo are assured, aro frugal and industrious, and having no aspirations towards tho kitchen or the gold mines, will provo cheap and valuable laborers, who, instead of competing with white men, will bo tho means of creating new agricultural industries, and so of pro- viding employment for skilled European laborers on a large scalo. There is no reason why our rich northern lands should bo confined to sugar- growing, ns they aro equally adapted to produce tea, coffee, spices, and other tropical products. Having these considerations in view, tho Government found themselves no longer jus- tified in maintaining a pasBi vo attitude, and henco instructions were despatched to Ainoy by last mail for an immediate beginning of tho immigra- tion. We understand, however, that it is un- likely theso laborers will bo introduced nt any port south of Capo Palmerston at present, but what the Maryborough planters will say to that restriction it is quite unnecessary fortis to en- quire. Ono result likely to follow from tho decision of tho Government is, a great rush for the rich coast lands discovered some months ugo by Mr. Dalrymple's party, mid an extension of settlement, such as would have been impossible without tho assistance of an inexhaustible labor supply," So far as wo can j migo from the ' telegrams (says tho Mclljnurne Argus), there is a distinct saugh in thc air of approaching trouble in Europe. The speech from tho throne nt tho prorogation of Parliament, indeed, speaks in nearly tho stereotyped phrases nbout tho preva- lence of peace. But a day or two before tho prorogation both Mr. Disraeli and Mr. Glad- stone took occasion to prepare tho country for the possibility of serious troubles on the Conti- nent at no distant date. Tiley also indicated Spanish affairs as furnishing tho cause of danger to tho existing tranquillity, which is on all sides almost avowedly recognised as no more than an armed truce. There is nothing in the later intelligence calculated to remove those appre- hensions. Wo hear, indeed, that France has taken measures to secure the neutrality of the Pyrenees, and to stop that open and unneighbourly connivance with thoCarlists which reactionary French authorities have for some time displayed. But we read that this result has been obtained through the good offices of Germany and other powers ; and although it is stated that the dignity of Franco hus not been wounded, it is difficult to belicyo tho assertion. In fact, tho pacific submission of the French Government to such pressure only makes tho future perils of the position the greater. The self-constraint of a proud, impulsive, usually va- pouring and domineering nation under such an irritating interference as this, and others that have preceded it, is hardly to bo explained, save on the idea that all of ita hopes and energies are bound up in ono deeply-sworn, strongly-' restraining vow of vengeance. More recently wo leam that the German Government has pro- ceeded a step further, and has notified to France that Germany intends giving the moral support of recognition to the Spanish Government. The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs has con- descended to justify itself before the public opinion of Europe, by issuing a circular denying the connivance attributed lo French authorities, and imputing what has taken place to the negli- gence of the Spaniards. The substantial merits of tho dispute are of far less concern than the dangerous sense of humiliation which must be brooding in the mind of a largo portion of the French nation, owing to the pressure brought to I bear on the Government in tliis matter. Alto- gether the affair forms a very definite eloi'd in the political sky at the present time. There aro not (says the Sydney Evening Post) many residents of or visitors to Sydney who do not know, by reputation lit least, Wentworth House, on Church Hill. Those who know it will be interested in hearing that it is now tenant less, that rumors of a ghost having been seen there have been circulated, that tho ghost turned bat to be a tom cat, but that, before thw dis- covery was made, almost every window in the establishment was broken by larrikins trying to lay the spirit by stones. In an article, urging thc necessity of railway communication between Stanthorpe and War- wick, thc local paper says :?'? There can surely no longer exist the least doubt of the per- manency of the tin mining industry. In addition to our previous importance have wo not succeeded in erecting works enpa blo of smelting tho oro in tho district, an item in itself which increases our im- portance nt least twenty lier cent. ? Aro wo not daily making fresh discoveries of tho exis- tence of leads of tin oro in places never before thought of, mid of greater extent than the creek leads hitherto worked/ And havo wo not long since proved tho existence of rich tin lodes in the district, awaiting tho introduc- tion of capital and machinery for successful and remunerative development! Yet, withal, wo aro to-day in exactly the samo position as two years since, tho Government not oven deigning to attend to our most trivial require- ments in tho shnpo of a paltry bridgo over a 1 most dangerous crossing in our very main street." Tin: local paper says that, in Stanthorpe, tho current price of oro is at present £-13 per ton. Tm; committee appointed to onquiro into the probable cost of establishing tho proposed wool- len factory in this town, met (says the Ipswich Observer) in the Council Chamber, on Thursday evening lust. After a careful consideration of tho various amounts named for machinery, pur- chase of laud, erection of suitable buildings, and other preliminary oxpenses, it was decided by tho meeting that tho secretary should write to gentlemen in Victoria and New South Wales for us full particulars as can be obtained respecting tho cost, operation, and success or otherwise of the various woollen factories in those colonies. Tm: Toowoomba Iron and Coal Company havo completed tho purchase (says tho Gazette) of threo hundred and thirty acres of tho land selected in their interest on Flagstone Creek. Tho coal, on analysis' at tho School of Mines, London, was found to bc of a quality admirably suited to smelting and steam purposes, mid tho iron ore produced a larger percentage of metal than any exhibited at Vienna. Liuicslo'iio and fireclay of excellent quality have been also dis- covered on the property, and tho selections are well provided with water. Tho coal and iron seams are considered inexhaustible, but it is tho intention of tho company to obtain, if pos- sible, an examination of tho workings at present in existenco, and further trial borings, under tho direction of tho Rev. W. B. Clarke, of Sydney. A Famikhs' association, for the suppression of horse stealing on tho Downs, is urged on the attention of tho inhabitants by ono of the local papers, and from tho following statement it would seem that some such organisation is very much required :?During tho lust two months several valuable draught hones have been stolen from tho Emu Crock district, and no tidings havo yet boon received of their whereabouts. A few days since'-a persevering farmor named Miller hu Herod tho loss of two fino horses, and his conclusions aro that they havo boen stolen, seeing that they havo never before strayed from the homestead. Tho horses uro valued at £20 each, but thc loss in it busy season is much greater, owing to tho unavoidable delay which must take place in. tho execution of many farm duties, nnd tho non-porforinauco of which in- volves, frequently'tho loss of a valuable and im- portant crop. Tho Queensland Times also complains of tho great yirevnlenco of-.horse, stealing from tho settlors on tho Ipswich re- serve. PnoKiMsoit Haselmaveu (says tho Gympie Times) did not do so well at Gympie ns he might havo done had tho weather been line, had he not created ii misapprehension us to his prices of admission, and had ho not made himself ro un- popular by his want of tact and temper. Hnsol liiayer is undoubtedly u very clover conjuror, but ho learned ii thing or two in Gympie which it is to bo hoped ho will not, for his own sake, forget. On Saturday night there was quito a "scoae" in front of tho Varieties ; ii largo numbcrof per- sons came to witness the performances under the very natural impression that tho Professor had loft-crcd his prices. Thoy had ii right to believe sit, for he lind previously announced a reduc- tion, and hud not afterwards cancelled tho promise. I fasehnayer, instead of giving a quiet and gentlemanly explanation, got oxcitcd, and was of course mercilessly chaffed by tho crowd. Just as wc?¦ (Maryborough Chronicle, August 27) woro going to press, wo hoard that 30 acres of cane had been burned at Irrawarra. We could not ascertain the amount of dallinga done. 1 A vounci woman named Margaret Vogbt, in tho service of Mrs. Keogh, of Toowoomba, re- ceived serious injury from fire a few days ago, and was only saved from death by Mi*. Keogh coining lo lier assistance and flinging a blanket round her. A coKiuisi'ONDENT of tho Darling Downs Ga- zette, travelling from Toowoomba to Goondi- windi, describes asfollows thestute of thc country through which ho journeyed :?"j'fho general complaint all along tho road is that thc winter hus been tho most severe ono experienced for several years. Thero is scarcely a blade of grass to he seen between this and Toowoomba, but a spring of wild carrot and indigo is mot with hero, and there to please tho oyo mid vary tho face of tho country, otherwise presenting a dreary and desolate appearance. The cattle and horses everywhere look tucked up ns if starved, and the prevalence of worms is il univcrsid grievance ; if thero is a green patch of vegetation to bo seen there, starving. kangaroos uro congregated, and aro so tamo from actual starvation that they stand and stare at you, evidently feeling quite at easo that their poverty-stricken carcases cannot tempt you to a feast." This Darling Downs Gazelle illustrates the profits of fruit cultivation on tho Downs hy stat- ing that Mr. Handley, of Drayton, has sold this season two hundred eases of oranges, from a re- cently established orangery, and that it is only half his crop. Woniieiii'UI. results have, been achioved in sumo parts of Australia (says the Penh Downs Telegram) by the Hiniplu operation of ring-bark- ing tho trees, if dono any time after tho begin- ning of the year, tho removal of a ring of bark is fatal to the tree, which quickly dies. On -tho coast it has been found that a description of country known ns poplar gum country, which is very uninviting in appearance, mid consists of n nasty whitish clay, swampy in wet weather and hard as iron in dry, is turned into posture land of the richest description by tho operation. We have heard of somo paddocks, when thus treated, carrying so largo a proportion of cattle that wo are afraid to repeat it, and it has oven been stilted that a sufficiency of cattlo to keep tho feed down is necessary, or the rankness of tho growth renders thc paddock for a time worth- less. No doubt on the moist const lands mora important results can be obtained than in the interior, but thero is no doubt any ordinary grass paddock may bo much improved hy killing oil' most of the trees in it. Trees lung in the spring are apt to throw out shoots at and below tho ring, but those treated any timo after January almost invariably die. If shoots appear below the ring, anil are once cut off close to tho trunk, no moro will appear, but if a small piece is left attached, it is liable to shoot there again. Mn. A. B. Jones of Nive Downs station, Charleville, is about (says the Dalby Herald), to devote his attention to the renring of stud bulls, and has recently purchased from Mr. M'C'oiuiel, of Cressbrook, a mob of 230 choice animals, in- cluding eight first-class young bulls and bull calvos, and twenty-five heifers and calves by celebrated sires. His bulls aro two by British Statesmen, one by Royal Dane, two by Royal Alfred, one by Atholstane, two by British Flag, and a fine whito bull, Sir Fred Gwynne, by Hub buck. The beni passed through Dalby dining the week, under the charge of Mr. M'Phail. A wi[,v saurian of unusually large dimensions has been for somo time past haunting the river near tho Bowell crossing (says tho Mackay Mer- cury). After duo deliberation, an artful plan for circumventing tho gentlo creature was hit upon, mid duly put into execution a few days ago. Creeping cautiously to the bank, ho was seen by his would-be captors basking peacefully in the sun. unconscious of his impending fate. But a charge of swan-shot aimed skilfully at his eyes had tho desired effect. To retire in a manner more hasty than dignified to tho depths of a neighboring pool was the work of an instant for tho creature thus ruthlessly startled from his peaceful slumbers. His enemies still pursued him, and commenced tickling him with a long pole ; he was so pleased at this that he opened his mouth to havo a good laugh, when an art- fully prepared noose was thrown over his jaw, and all liands seizing the other end persuaded bim to come on shore. 