THE GRASSES AND FODDER PLANTS VHICH MAY BE BENEFICIAL TO THE \- SQUATTER AND'AGRICULTURIST IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The following interesting and instructive paper was recently read, by Or. Schomburgk, Director of the Botanic Garden, before a special meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures Your E^cellenby'and Gentlemen—' . No doubt you will agree with me that in the household of nature there is not a moth im portant tribe of plants than that of. the grasses,. 'as upon the seeds of the cereal division more thantwo-thirds of the population, of the globe subsists. ' t ' The same remark is also applicable in regard to the animal world. To the gramnivorous animals, which are the most numerous amongst, the the value of grasses as. fodder is hardly second, to that of their corn for human, food, and a considerable portion of the feathered; tribe live also upon the seeds of grasses. - Without wheat, rye, barley, .oats, maize, Guinea com, rice, what would become of us ? It is said that rice alone forms the food of three fourths of the human race; in other words of between six and seven hundred millions of the population of the world," ! . As' nothing: can be uninteresting which is connected with, the habits of a tribe of such vast importance to man and beast, ! will, before proceeding to the real object of this evening's, lecture, mention a few more illustrative facts. Professor Lindley saya in his .work, ."The . Vegetable Kingdom," the use of this most important tribe of plants, for .food, fodder, clothing, &c.;, requires little illustration. The abundance of wholesome fsecula contained, in their seeds renders them peculiarly well.adapted for the sustenance of man, and if the cereal grasses, .only,, siioh as wheat, barley, rye, oats, maize, .Guinea com, rice, are the kinds com monly employed, it is because of the large size of their grain compared, with that of other grasses, for none , are unwholesome ..in.their natural state, only one - kind being known amongst the whole tribe, namely, the drake (Lolium temnlentum—Ion.), the effects of which are undoubtedly deleterious. Sugar is a general-product of grasses. - For economical purposes grasses are often of much importance. I will only mention the bamboo, which in some parts of the world, especially in Asia, is employed as timber and cordage. Plants of ' a grass, called in South' America grass, called in South America Taquarussa," are living fountains. They grow from 30 to 40 feet high, with a diameter Of six inches, form tkornyimpenetrable thickets, andara excedingly grateful to travellers and hunters; tor on butting such a reed below a joint the skm'ttf the younger shoots is found to be full of a cool liquid, which quenches themost burning thirst. To| this I' can testify, as daring oar travels in Sopth America we hailed with delight such a copse of reeds to quench our1 thirst. Besides these properties of the grasses I may also men tion "their use for paper, cordage, straw plat rGng, &c.; In fact, the value, of this order, to mankind is boundless, and I should trespass too ~ much on your patience if I ventured to tell you all; of the: economical purposes to which the products of the different grasses are applied; . Besides these properties of the graminaceae their inorganic products are also 'remarkable.' The. cuticle contains a large proportion of' alexias' is ' proved, according to Professor Lindley, by its hardness and . by masses , of ' vitrified matter being found Whenever a hay stacker heap of com is accidentally consumed by fire. With: the exception of the genus 'bambusa (bamboo) nature has hot lavished on the repre sentatives pf this most important and interesting, order of the vegetable'world much outward, beauty, nor Las the enthusiasm of ancient and: modern bards' been excited by them, as is the caseso frequently in praise of other plants, which have been endowed by nature with every beaufy to please the eye, but without the - slightest use to mankind. I tbixik we ell, indeed, are apt to look on the grasses with too much indifference, conadering that they constitute in a great degree the staff of oht life. Professor Lindley says further t=-" The groat mass of herbage known by the naine of sedges and grasses constitutes, perhaps, a twelfth part of the described species of flowering plants, and at least nine-tenths «f the.number of individuals. composing the vegetation of the world; for it is the chief source of that verdure which covers the earth, especially. of northern countries, with a gay carpet during the .year." I extract the .following account of the geographical distribution of grasses by. Pro fessor Shaw:—" The family is very numerous. In the system of Roemer and Schubles there are 1,800; and since this work, were it brought to aPonclusion, would probably contain 40,000 in . all, it may be assumed that the grasses form a twenty-second parti It is more than probable, however, that in future the grasses will increase in a. larger .ratio than the other phaneroganic plants, and that perhaps the just proportion will be as 1 to 20, or as 1 to 16." Greater still will be their proportion to vege tation in general when the number of indi viduals is taken into. account, for in this respect most, if not all, of the classes are inferior. With regard to locality in such, a large family very little can be advanced. There are, how ever, both land and water grasses, but no marine plants. They occur in every sofl, in society with others and alone; the last to such a degree as entirely, to occupy Considerable districts. Sand appears to be ; less favourable jto this class ; but even this has species nearly peculiar to itself. Grasses exist under the equator, on the mountains of the ' south of Europe, where. they ascend almost to ifre snowline,-and on the Andes. The greatest difference, between tropical and extra-tropical grasses appears to be the following:—The tropical grasses acquire a much greater, freight, and occasionally ««nwa the appearance of trees. Some species of - bambusa are from 50 to 60 feet high. The leaves of the tropical grasses axe. broader, and approach more in form those of other 0f plants. Separate sexes are more, frequent in the tropical grasses, the flowers .are softer, more downy and. elegant. Tfre extra-tropical grasses,, on fne: contrary, far surpass the . tropical in respect of the number of individuals. That Compact, grassy.turf whioh, especially, in the colder parts of the temperate zones, in spring and .summer composes the green meadows and.; pastures, is almost entirely -wanting in the torrid zone. The grasses there, do not grow crowded together, but, like, other plants, more .dispersed. The. contribution of the cultivated grasses is one of the most interesting of ail subjects, and I beg yon will indulge and n.ot grudge ine if I go into lengthened details of this so interesting Eoint. It is determined, not merely by aKmatA ut .depends on the cultivation, industry, ana traffic of the people, - and often on historical1 events. Within the northern polar circle -agri culture is found only in a few places. In Siberia grain reaches at the utmost only to 60°, in the eastern parts scarcely above 55°, and .in . Kamt> schatka -there is no agriculture even in the most southern parts (51°). The polar limit of agri culture on the north-west coast . of America appears to be somewhat higher, for in the mere Southern Russian possessions (57° to 52°), barley and rye come to maturity. On the east coast of America it is scarcely above 50° or 52°. Only in Europe, namely, in Lapland, does the polar limit an ^ unusually high, latitude—70°. Beyond this dried fish, and here and there potatoes, supply the plaoe of grain. . The grains which extend furthest to the north in: Europe are barley and oats. These, which in'thexmlder climates are not used for bread, afford to the inhabitants of the northern parts of Norway and Sweden, of a part of Siberia, and Scotland their chief vegetable nourishment. Rye is the next, which is substituted for the inferior kinds of grain. This is the prevailing grain in a great part of the northern temperate zone, namely, in the south of Sweden and. Norway, Denmark, and in all the lands bor dering on the Baltie, the north of Germany, and part pf Siberia. It is a veiy remarkable circumstance that the native country of wheat, oats, barley, and rye 6bonld be entirely unknown, for although oats and barley were found. by Colonel cLesney apparently wild on the banks of the Euphrates, it is doubtful whether they were not the remains of cultivation. This has led to an ppinion on the part of some persons that all bur cereal grasses are artificial productions, obtained acci dentally, but retaining their habits, which have become fixed in the course of aiges. SS. Having attempted to impress on your mind the importance of this most valuable and in teresting order of the. vegetable world, upon which the existence of the human race mainly depends, I will now go over to the subject of this evening's lecture, namely—" The Grasses "and Fodder Plants which may be beneficial to the Squatter and Agriculturist in South Aus tralia. No doubt you will jggree with me that there <are 'few circumstances to which the agriculturist and squatter of this colony have been so in attentive' as to the nature and produce of their pasture lands—namely, the grasses and fodder plants!" It is also true that the cultivation of artificial grasses and fodder plants will and can never be so general, here as at home on account of the large extent of pasture land in the possession of. the .squatter, and on apedunt of the insuperable "difficulty arising from climate and the droughts to which some parts of tha^ colony are often subjected; which, is against 'the cultivation of "most of the artificial grasses; and- there are not - in any .European and foreign grasses which would live thrtugbbut the'year and will renew tiiem selVes annually. - T'ynll riyy firaitft. few WOrdfi Tftg&irdlllg; OUT CaltiVtit grasses, of which l am sorry to'say many species u have ■ already 'died' out' from , cultivation and depasturing since possession has been taken by Europeans,, ' ' ' - It isa historical fact whenever man settles m a. new country he exercises a potent influence over 'the' indigenous vegetation and animals,' especially if the intruders, are' of on agricultural' and pastoral pursuit. The plough, the axe, thb. .herds are ehomieS to vegetation, and'as cultiva , tion advances one representative after the other' succumbs to theforeign influence. The herbage suffers first, the native animals second, and even man sucoumbs, Of which 'msmyequntrieB, espe cially .A meriea, have given us examples. - But the plough, the axe, the herds are nof the sole .destroyers -of_ the native herbage. No; with cultivation are introduced noxious weeds.of other countries, which if they have-takeu groimd spread with alarming rapidity and becopa® possessors of the ground, growing often more, luxuriantly in their new abode. \\.-:. Asjan examainple, I will . call your attention only to seven of such noxious intruders -in. South Australia, viz. :-^The «o-cahed'_dahde lion (Cryptostemma palendulacea, B."Br.), the cockspur -(Centaurea melitenajsj Lin.), the -Scotch thistles (Carduus marianus, Ian., and Onopordtfn acanthium, -Bathurst purr (Xanthium spihosum, Lin.),the French catchfly (Silene gallics, "Lin,), and -the stinkastor, (Anthejnis cojtula, Lin.), natives of the Capeand Europe, which already cover large, tracks, of pasture land, and will extend further and farther to the destruction of the native -heritage. You will agree with me, especially! the squatter, of the seeming failure of the native, grasses, and that the fading properties of our native pastures have seriously declined of :late years. . , Uany close observers will have missed already several kinds of herbage, especially annuals or cummer grasses, in our neighbourhood, and the representatives -of other _ kinds are becoming less every year. .But this is not alone the case with the annual, but also with the perennial herbage., I will only ■ call, your attention to the. well-known ana' so_ useful kangaroo grass (Anthistiria ciliata, Ida., fit), which in the early days of the colony we found everywhere,, and . formed a great part of the pasture grass. It .has now disappeared pven from localities whioh it formally almost monopo lized. It has been: relished so much by the stock that it has been fairly eaten out of - the ground, and I fear will soon'disappe&r; entirely; and a gbod many other grasses will follow. . ' But not alone in South-Australia, but also in South Africa, vegetation .changes are going on through-the introduction of sheep, j -Iii-a paper by Mr, J. Shaw, of South Africa, read the other day by Professor Th: Dyer /before the Royal Botanical ! Society, London, Mr^ Shaw : re marks :—" Civilization and. sheep -have intro duced the : Bathurst burr. .In Orange State wool has become, so., filled with these burrs that its value has been deteriorated nearly 50 per cent.,and the Government^ have Ins isted for its compulsory " destruction. The sheep in connection with oyerstooking of farms gre -doing very serious injury directly ■ to the vegetation by eating down the better and more agreeable plants, giving range to poisonous and bitter ones. -■ Since sheep have been introduced .the -grasses have . very, fast - disappeared; -the ground, by the. hurried march of: the sheep for food amongst a scattered . bush, has become beaten ■ and hardened, - and the seasonable nuns, which do come occasionally daring the summer, are accordingly allowed to run off the surface without soaking in the ground te the extent formerly the case. The grasses and herbage disappear, the country is drying up, and becoming a semi- desert," The author farther refers to the great increase iff. poisonous and bitter; herbage," so that, it was dangerous to have stock on many , hums which formerly were free-from any injurious herbs. -- We see from the above that the South African squatters have the same cause of com plaint regarding the introduction of noxious and poisonous and the extirpating of the indigenous nutritious plants as the South Australian squatters have. ■ - - You will ask, "What is the cause of this V .Nothing is more easily answered—the- constant pasturing on the runs throughout the year. The grasses and other herbs are prevented jto ensure their reproduction from seed, and as the sheep crop very closely -the plants soon succumb, having no chance whatever of their being repro duced from-seed. j - From this fact and from those relating to the disappearance'pf choice grasses, it is known that especially -the sheep devote their attention to kindB of grasses which they most like and leave the - inferior'' grasses -untouched. Most of our better kinds of native grasses have' no tendency to- form a close turf, and 1 growing mostly tussocky are more easily eaten sy the sheep out of the ground and destroyed. The perennial grasses suffer also from the constant trampling upon themby the stock. I saw the. other day a letter in one of the volumes of the " Farm and Garden," which will illustrate to you "the state in which the native grasses were found here in the - first days of-jthe. colony. The writer of -the letter, who signs himself " Mualinga," says:—"The first sur veyors coming down to Yankalilla pitched their tents in a fine open valley or plain, where they found-the grass so luxuriant and-tall that it could be tied over a horse's back. This the mowed and made into bay, andfrom the circum stance of the stacks being accidentally burnt they -called the place 'Hay Flat.' _ This nunc;-the writer says further, it has continued to bear -un deservedly up to the- present time; although I think it high time for it to be altered -to a less pretending one, for its present aspect reminds one no more of the above narrative than does afairy tale or ghost story of .real life. Indeed! a modern explorer visiting -the spot now would , call it rush or stony vafley," . As I have mentioned before, I fear very few artificial grasses can be grown with profit and -advantage -on the' runs, and so the squatters must be dependent upon the native grasses. The "ohly -resource will be" to encourage the growth of these. No doubt, if properly culti vated, native grasses would be the most suitable forpasturage on the runs. . Their seeds riiould be collected, and care should betaken to procure those sorts of: which cattle and sheep are. fondest, and on which they ^thrive best. Of such grasses several acres should be sown in well-prepared soil, and fenced in for the sake of procuring annually a quantity of seed, which should-be sown on such spots which are deficient of herbage. Those spots should be ploughed and the seed properly sown and harrowed in. No. doubt these seeds, sown before the rains set in. wifi grow after wards without any farther troubles \- Or the runs should, be divided into sub divisiens. Annually' one of these divisions shovdd. not be grazed, for the purpose of re placing the pasturage. The grasses mould grow unmolested, flower, ripen, and scatter their seeds, so as to ensure . their reproduction.j Undoubtedly such a system of rotation would be very "beneficial, ana improve the growth of the pasture materially. * \- I think we know all, and especially the farmer, that to farm profitably grating should -go hand in hand with corn-growing, and that the farmer as. well as the squatter, will -find it. advantageous to have a paddock of artificial grasses, near his homestead in some suitable and confined spot, for the purpose of keeping stook, which requires to-be kept in" good condition duringthesummer months; but to keep such a paddock during this time in a growing condition, I fear some difficulty will be found in South Australia. \- Even with irrigation we could not expect to produce such a fine turf as that with which we were so familiar at home^ and every farmer will agree with me that this is not only raised by manuring and irrigation, but by the humid climate and th.6 miM summer showers that fall at home. But with our dry climate, the ther mometer ranging frequently from 80° to .100° at this season of summer, I think it improbable that we ever , wili realize that fine turf which a humid climate will produce. I have found that there are not many kinds of foreign grasses which will stand our arid droughts. My seven years' experience and ex periments with the acclimatization of grasses from all parts of the globe have, I am sorry to say,'not resulted with such favourable success as I should have wished the case to be. I have sown every year 60 or 80 kinds of grasses, which during the winter months have mostly grown luxuriantly,"but as soon as the dry . weather set in began to suffer and perish. I will give you now the results of my experi ments, not alone with grasses, but also other fodder plants, and will, call to your attention those {kinds. wMeh for years have stood well the test of our. arid climate; and I am confident that they are permanent in their duration,, and well worthy & trial, if only a little attention and care are paid to their culture; but it is generally thought that any treatment will do for grasses. "With the exception of lucerne I think very little trouble has yet been bestowed' on the culture of artificial grasses by the fanner and the squatter, because, as the phrase goes, " they will not pay for the troublebut I think, instead of moralizing on this theme, I will bring facts before you. I shall only dwell at any length on those grasses and fodder plants ■ Which from my own practical experience I have found -suited to our Climate, and which, as before mentioned, most \- of them I have cultivated for the last seven .years' in the experimeattdf^Uhd. irfthe Botanic Garden. I most reMarkat-the 'same time that Xhhve bestowedon £hem notthe slightest care in tegard'tq'wdtering'during the s'umtner, only 'that they havebeenkepf clean' from weeds''and . fllfiltTAtl hari «tAn«^<r' nnAn 7 \ thejsoQ^&asl;^n yaarlj; brifte1 jdugy l] wifi begin with tho famous jb w . bunch grass of British' Columbia fHymus ebndehsatua,■ presl.),' of which His Excellency the Governor speaks so ' highly from his own experience. ' Beforo going to the.deseription of this so iesteemed.giass, I must remark r that my atten tion to.this plant.was called' by an English agricultural- paper,' the Farme>\ I resolved immediately tor introduce thisgrass, and sue : ceeded in receivinig from my friend in Edinburgh —Mr. J. Anderson Henry—a little seed,- which was sown in. a seed-pan. . The young seedlings ■ were - planted' July - last 'in the experimental groinnd. - Fromthesamplesbefore you, youwill observefhe progress the' plants-have made. I \- mnbt pbserve they have, not .- been- wateii§d, 'and I am-glad- to' assure you that-the last week's. > -unusually hot and dry .weather has had not-the ; slightest effect on the plants; and £ am hopeful tha&the; bunch, grass will stand our climate, -and' that ft will -become one of our best artificial ' I will read now -the interesting extract: from th^ Farmer, to show you. how highly the bunch gtass is thought of at home, -especially in.Soot 'f Mr. Bobert Brown, Collector for the British Coljumbia Botanical Association of Edinburgh, was enabled in 1863 to send home a sapply of seeds of the bunch .grass, and thus first intro duced it into Britain. To most of the members of this Association grass seeds, however, pre sented little or ho attraction, and with the exception of what fell to the share of the Botanic Gardens and J. Anderson Henry, Esq-, Hay Lodge, together with a few plants in- our own -collection, the bunch grass of British Columbia wasso utterly, neglected that j[t mij»lrt have been lost to tbe country, notwithstanding that its merits, both as early forage-and an ' abundantly productive bay grass, axe likely yet to secure for it a highly prominent'place among,' the cultivated agricultural plants of Britain. ; ' , "With us thebunchgrasshasgoneonincreasing annually in stature, and although grown in the past dry Bummer on rather poor unmahured soil, a plant was nearly eight feet three inches in height. It surpassed in bulk of crop the grass then growing in the neighbouring-famed-sewage-' irrigated meadows of Edinburgh. So that as a highly-productive, early-cutting grass it ranks far before any other known kind. " In cultivating the British Columbia bunch grass WO wcidd recommend sowing it in drills of ibeds,' allowing it to grow there for at least one season, and then transplanting' it in well cleaned land at. a distance of. 12 .to: inches apart. The seedlings make but little growth, and never -run to.Tseed in: the first season. Hoeing or weeding wdB therefore, be required throughout the first summer and autumn after tran^lantation, but afterwards theplants will be sufficiently strong, to overpower most kinds of. | weeds, and they will seemingly; grow; on in full vigour for a long series of years. .. " Subsequent to our forementio'ned notice of. this bunch grass, .we hate received tiie following Particulars regarding it in its native, habitat.; a a :papern' the Fiord, .of Alaska, formerly known as Bussian America, Dr. Bothrook states. that tiie-highTgronnds in the Vi'cinityof Fort St. James'(lat. 54° 1' N.) afford, the bunch grass,of the packers. So Nutritious is-, this that even when apparently dead .and dry. srtock will become fat-fin it, and remainso under. hard work for long periods if this be plentifully supplied.. 7 "Ida recent Californian newBpaperaeorrespon dent mentionsthatin -the vicinity , of the. Boise Basin, in Idaho Territory, ' the ,blue top bunch >. grass'.covers .the bills,^ and. is.as good.as hay, some even considering it as approaching in its nutritive qualitiesto grain.; There may, however, be some doubt whether one of the other bunch, grasses, and not the Elymus condensatus; may be that here noticed. But the most recent reliable and important information regarding it is con tained in the following letter to Mr.1 Bobert Brown, of the British Columbian Botanical Expedition, from a friend who lived for several years in the bunch gram country :— " ' Lyneal, Ellesmere, Sept. 9,1869. "' Dear Sir—Ton ask my opinion of the bunch grass of the central .plateau, or table lands of British : Columbia—Elymus condensatus, as I believe you botanists call ft. After a five years' experience of that country! can bear testimony to the nutritious and fattening properties, of this grass, far surpassing, I believe, those of any other known herb. A few facts wfil abundantly illustrate this. - " 'In the early years ofthe. colony, before oats or barley had been impprted, this bunch grass was tbe only (as it .is still the .principal) food of the trains of mules and horses which, heavily laden with provisions and goods,- followed the gold-diggers into the mines, over the roughest possible trails. I have ridden hundreds of | .miles on horses whose sole support was this' bunch grass. . Turned loose at sunset, when the camping-ground was reached, to feed, they were ] found next morning as fresh and gay as ever. Indeed, on suoh a journey, if not ridden too hard, they would rather gain flesh than lose it. "•In my Essay on British Columbia, page 40, I have spoken of the marvellous increase of stock |n that part of the country—an increase owing, I believe, mainly to the amount of vital energy imparted by this grass. ... *''Then, as youare aware, the droves of cattle which supplied beef to the mines of Cariboo, had - been- driven 600 miles from Oregon,'yet they r_ „_i —„ ii.— arrival. were in excellent condition on their owing to the excellent pasturage which refreshed them each night after, the journey of the day. "' Finally, both horses and cattle used to sur vive winters of great severity; . so long as there was not too much snow for them 4d push'asicle, they would subsist; on what' taufts: of bunch grass they could reach. It must have been hard . times for them, but they managed to survive, . 7 "•I am rejoiced to near that the experiment. of trying tins gram near Edinburgh -haa auc ceedea'so admirably, and I trust agriculturists may be;in(hiced to try:op alarge scale, as.I am ; cohvinced fanners and cattle-breeders would Sopu learn; to appreciate -its muscle-making .and fastening properties. '•' Brieve sqe, IpearSir, *• '• R." C. Liimdie Bbown, ' 7 , t . ' "'YiqarlOf^Lypeai, Salop,'" The second grass on my list is. the >«e famous guinea grass—(Panieum m£krimum, Jaoq.)—a natiye of tropical Africa, .from where it has been-! introduced , to South Amenta "and -the "Wes Indies. - - His Excellency the Governor ion several occasions has spoken highly7of this -Valuable-, grass, inregardtoits nutritious qualities, having become acquainted with it during stay in the W^at Indies. - My personal observations of a few1 years' residence in South America confirm His j Excellency's experience inevery respect. I can assure you in.D.emerara, I have seen it attain a height of six to eight feet. One acre of ! Guinea grass will keep tWb cows or a horse ] throughout the year, as it will give under; cultivation at least four-or- five. crops a year. I. have, seen- people cutting from, one acre every day so much as they wanted j for their horse or cows, and when they came to the end of the acre, the first portion, cut had . grown sufficient to cut again, and could be re-' peated four or five times throughout the year. . It is not to be expected that we could do the , same thing here, as the growth in South Aus-.i traha can never be compared with that ofBduth | America. If it is cut there four or five times, a year we can scarcely expect that it canbedone < more than twice here. J I believe the Guinea grass will be a useful paying grass with' us, especially in favourable localities; it requires a deep mpist soil," According to my five years' observation on the plants in the garden it -is ..capable.'of enduring during the summer, when it .groWff most rapidly, a degree of heat and drought which hai' proved destructive to almost any other kind, of grass growing in the experimental ground; But I must remind all -who intend to plant, and will secure a luxuriant growth of guinea grass, that it must not be. thought, as it is gene rally the case, that any treatment will do for grasses. It must be planted on prepared ground, the plants 18 or ■ 20 inches apart, and tile land kept clear from weeds.- - - I will also mention that it will net bear being fed down nor trampled upon by- cattle or sheep, but must be cut. The next grass is the well-known prairie grass (Bromus unioloides,. Humboldt), a native of Central America, which I think-has been so early as 1858 introduced into the colony. Not withstanding that it has turned- out one of the best and. nutritious fodder grasses, which is little affected- by our dry seasons, it has not received that attention from the farmers which it deserves. I consider the prairie grass one of our best acquisitions : of the ■ foreign grasses, and it deserves - to take the lead - as one - of the most permanent .and paying. . I. find there is no grass better suited- for green -fodder, and none is superior to any grass for haymaking than the prairie grass. It thrives just 'as well on the plains as in the hills. . It surpasses .any grass in regard to Seed bearing qualities, -Mr. T. Goode, Goolwa, who is an extensive gro wer of the- prairie grass, and who commenced, growing it. from- a•few seeds wlpeh he received from the- Garden, has assured me that he has raised as much as 20 bushels of seed per acre, and he finds it also superior to anv grass for haymaking. There is not the slightest-doubt, if early sown, say April, about 50 to 60 lbs. seed to the acre, it will give two or three crops. It is one fe-tmreadmote atid growf thicker thauri faa&ia; iM °fri 'ir j '■ £: 4" ufc there isbiie feult'te be mentioned—it Witt bearftedmijroff.t/atfle ahd"Bheep arete JL^ tiie outof tboground..which is facilitated bytheir , peculiar growth. TJrasa gdodmtey: phmtearo desjbroywby tb© cattle; - Kbtwtfistattdipg-1 would recommend every farmer to j^vethis valuable grassafairtrial.- : * ; Tin confirmation of -what X have said of the prairie grass I: will read Mr. Goode's letter treating on the subject:— '. ' ' " I "Goolwa, December 12,1878; . '? Dear Sir—As I see ., by the papers you are aboiut to give a lecture dngrasses, and being in receipt of your telegram enq«iring.abOut prairie' grass, I thought probably a few facte detailing my experience with that grass imghfcbe accept-'' able. If it is 6f the slightestiuteto you^Ishidl be pleased to bave rendered, ever. so slightia retph.for.the many acts 'of In ddpessl have re-" ceived'af your hteas." 1 -- - - 4 - - --.r—■> o '«Bribe first place I woidd observe that of au ths many seeds I have reeeived- irom - you, ■ prairie grass is the only one that has really done„■ wejTonmyjBandy soil .of the seeds Qf thie grass,; which Igot from you some years sinoe.ohly few ger ndhated; the following year (1868)V ihad a'place in iy garden," and 1869X had'a Iargerohfe,-and* mode roots buttide'ndw'b&ve; a* few bushela pf' seefiagaln,' and Intend to'plant, it properly. -1", should now riate. «hat'£ hill, my house has'a foxmdifEi^rOf,'I7feet of. sadd, and the teed igppw ibis year was on'sand" fromtixtenirieftetdeep." - - - - . d If I have ah opportunity IwilFforwOrd you, one of the tussocks from which- ihisyear's seed b»ri been cat, which, "though" as' codtee as wheat' straw, the cattle ana horses will eat to the very root, for the sake of the grpn blade, springing up In it." It is now the qnly green pass I have,' I should not. have so-far lost "it, but my manager, took it into his "head to leave ,ine and go up' North in the' end of 1871, and my own state of health preventing my looking after"my farming, and notmeeting witha, man capable of managing' with farms, accounts forhuch bad' results. hi" 18350 the man I'now hpe in my employ plpted;. about two acres in ^ smafl^paddock,J^m.wMch" I got about 40 bushels finme seed from a moo. Btalck of. hay. ..The -hay, pot beingthoroughly reaped, I cut it : into chaff ; and there being, so , . mhcb.seed in it, .we.used it.partiy asccratp improve other-chaff.. • "Pi _ d"i had. a fine aftermath :cotmng_ on; buy . hoping such bad accounts jof .the destructive, power of the locusts travelling south, andex., peering them to reach me., Iturned-all my stock {fop horses and two cowb) in,and graaed it . vepshort. -' -- -- ■ • , • • '•'• I » Consequently in'71 Pvingsoldallmygood eeejl I had a very poor crop, andaaved no seed, " but threw the - grass, to tbe/cattie, hoping: they -would cany the seed about the lamb bat very : litfle of it grew. In '721 found my paddock of -prairie grass completely. > emotheredwith fthe barley mass, and only saved, a, few bunches in; my garden for seed. -; <• . •: fThis seed! threw about Iaatispringaniongsfc sown- barlpy, sndhave had a'fine crop_injl873." . ■ ■ V From my ^experience I am convinced- it js-. the best grass1 havqtried, and even theluoeme has suffered this sPoiper lpre. L - ; y -ig-.'ifc should., .be ■ man aged here;, ianich-as red: clover or Italian - rye jgcasS is in TEnfclandj tten l|can: male sure pf .a .profitable crop:-- .. • • -: - - -J 1 . V Ibeg to subscribe myself^ dear- Sir, yoias very truly, ."Taos, Goods.?' [ tor the Introduction of -the following srfendid • summer giass we' have to thank Mr.- H. _W. PlnUips,- north -Adelaide. Ho douW it is a; rivialof theprairiegrass, and sfainds our'summer' . better than any other kind.' - It"is alflo a panic grass (Panicum ^>ectabile, Nees'f). "m--. . Mr: Phillips hta kindly given me the tallowing notes regarding this mbst -valuable grassy which - I will now read. '• - ' 1 u This grass came vip ininy garden near the; aviary, aha ho doubt <»me -wiwi the canaty seOd which I bought from Mes&s; Hackett. It is; vety proMc, seeding abundantLy; it also "canbe propagated from "the large couch.Toots, whioh runa- ecrwitdistance undergtound,anyjouit'of wpch wfll grcrw. ' The seed - should -be gathered as >it ripened, for -ft dieds earily.; It will gyow in the-driest maces; one plant came up between - the wood ahu oement at the endof the verandah wPch is so'Oofered -with passion flowera that it never get any water; stQl it grows notwithstand ing all the traffic. y The growth is very luxuriant, dhooung vigorously about1 October, and contmues to do: so> until the cold wet weather retete; it mows three er four feet high, with tall spikes of seed whicb are very pretty,-and the roots are often* yard long,- and-as laigeas a little finger. Instead of feeling the late extremely hot weather, ! noticed it had grown much during tha week. It is very-sweet and succulent,- and cattle eatifa . - grpdily; but it must not be sown in arable land, as ft would be difficult to eradicate it. It would beiusefol on runs, not only for feed,' but also for • stopping bush fires. If a plough was run across ■ and across the run, and either seed or. roots ! planted, it would form a belt of green no fire would pass; or if eaten down, which it most likely would be, there would be a bare space to stop the fire. A single line would soon spread s yard wide.. A seedling will cover a square -foot ■ the first year, and the roots can be taken np and planted without any fear of clearing the"ground.": Itfwill ceme dp again quite thicldy, every: root let growing. Ihe roots also mat together, so. that it is useful to plant to prevent Watercourses washing 'hway the soil, for which purpose I hays given -a large quantity of roots to Mr. Hals ; for the waterworks. _ In stony places, if "a stone is raised and a joint of root placed Tinder it, it will shoot up flU ronnd, and nevdr wants resowing. You-win "be able to give the best hifbnnation about time mid mode or .sowing; if too early ihe slugs Pat it- off, and I thinkit should be pretty deep -or theants and bifds bat it; it will sometimes lay two.or -three "yeara'inthe grinmA - -i ;.-r V Ilteve circulated the seed far and wine..11 have distributed more than l;000 : paofetB:; through Mr. Todd it has been sent to evefy telegraph.: station between Port. Augusta" and .Port" Darwin—a friend goirg home -bveriand 4 toot nearly 100 packets for oistribdtibh th® "route; another, friend who traVeUed through Westeni Australia distributed "and . planted it 1 W&arqvor; he went, and 1 am how sending a parcel to! tite Cade. X gave half , the original plant, when about four years "old, to. a Bheepfarmar; it filled a cornsackj and the man had to make tap trips to cany it away. .. ■ f'Jfc does not thrive so well Ui the.hub, for although it Will grow it Is never; so luxuriant air -aithe warmer pTains." , The Catstail Grass (Phleum prafanse, Ian).— .'A inative of Europe. Probably bearing this name from the teed panicle, which has some resem blance to a cat's taiL This is a first-class grass, and one of the best and most valuable of all perennial fodder grasses. It stands Cur climate i well, and seems not particular regarding the ' soil, as it thrives well in sandy or heavy soils. It w worthy for recommendation, especially for pasture. Oat Grass (Avena elatior, Ian).—Also of European origin. This is an excellent grass. It is nutritious, and seems to grow and produce well on every kind of soil. This valuable grass suffers little from the droughts, and can be recommended aa a superior grass for hay., _ •- Great recommendation -deserve the two Falling Awn grasses—{Piptatheram Thomasiu Knth, and Pptatherum multifiorum_.Beauv.) The. first Is a native of Ooraca; the second from the southern parts of Europe, ; Both are first-lass grasses, and these kinds are some of my first importations, and. have stood their ground well. - They bear our climate uncommonly well, and will pay ; the cultivation, as they are throughout the . year in a growing state; and I can recommend them as some of the best of the collection. Cattle are very fond of both. ' The next grass, called the Millet grass (Milium multiflorum, Cav.), .a native of ^Europe. This grass is also worth the cultivation for summer and winter fodder. It stands our droughts well, and could bo also used for hay. The produce of the millet grass is superior to many kinds of grasses. It flourishes, I may say, in every aril if not too poor, and the cattle like it very-much. - I introduce now to you three other kinds of Panic grasses, -namely, Panicum tomentosum, Roxb. ;Panicum Tenenffae, R. Br., a native of the Canary Islands; and Panicum crus galh, fin. Nearly all the panicum species, of which are known nearly 300 kinds, are nutritious and fattening grasses, and worth the cultivation. They are chiefly tropical and subtropical, and endure the influence of our scorching heat and droughts well. All three are worth the recommendation. Panicum Teneriffae is only an annual or summer gras3, but well worth, the cultivation, as it thrives well in sandy and poor SOll. m . The following grass is the Pennisetuni grass (Pennisetum villosum, R. Br.), a -native of Abyssinia. It is not a tall-growing grass, but a capital grass pasture. . .i I bring now to your notice the Fescue grass (Festuca duriuscula, Lin.), of - European origin,' I and well adapted for permanent pasture; it j thrives even well on sandy soil, and resists the drought. Cattle are very fond of it. There are some other (kinds of fescue grasses, namely,; Festuca elatior and F, ovina> which are all worth the recommendation* for rural purposes. The next grass is called Cooksfoot (DactHuys glommerata, Ian.),' a native of Europe. This is also a valuable grassy adapted as well to dry as to moist soils. Its yields of fodder is abun rrf ^awth/M^t Hflmfr rftfajg-WpWw>^6*y^.y^0- . and is carafe at ^Btaipdini^^J^ wWffw asm £ * fateuingqdalitiee.3: k the before-mentioned ti*wwgi)ro^s™to«iwa9 ,/q ■ and sheeplike It Taiyrm?^ cpnrty anil, ^3;||j_^^-i|rfWIIUlij|n SMC '.I •«• chfibngs, '"*», also welladapted :for fcbriS^-^Vfey^iw^ig/ cfc»> " "" aadwnt^BtMV-SPW?!^, • StPfli .U A sandysi>ots,' It can ud' to sTctoeraFintr^uctioato onr|iMl«re.";fAt ito iiA. also very mtitabte forganienfcwB^^ :***gg**v£ whjj taS'-vjaitedSydn^ rpqc-dflSbt. baa _ . struck jwHh the fipeglai^rffjBWfe^a^^ A thej Botanic^Gfcndens.! „8ine0 ow%sjW*£ ■ -> 'years-1. havei;used :vit_^atoeffqsi J^jsEg^siija pose-Instead. rcCif^thftrfl^W^i^ydBy^N^MMri^ Jv SnffaiOiy^w^^pBj its;A^W»»tu^#^^WaG3> whiter andgummer^agreat contrast rffgarniBg e ,2l! the dulneea ofnthecolour whSf1* - Las during.- the ,srinteri. :sJ¥? already* mentioned,, r tbat^ %. buf^'^i^^MaDUs feed jMx.it T* ~ i'-* ili^uc1j..grasB,T^fa6^nT whichhas beehintroMeejlf.ftfc^ to Bytoey,;d^^6B^aso'. isestesaU toe qualities:. A .2 l am told that the shew wis TO71,. know that ^e -^tiiei^jS a^^w.- L g?-ass,will hot tohchiH wopld do well to <mtitidmce d tubs, as it spreads as hajr Another grass WhiohlcwV t highly is a kihd'bf Camstry grass (» , c&na;, Elliot). I received thq'SOedi—______ . with ther recommeadathm^f dtB' toMhg-' a very usefrifoddergraBa. ^1 have7had'it">o^yt^& years, but itseeihs to stand' our, climate,-! and - y M.i *... —a^._—uit~> =-t--ui4f fcrdbtfte:-.- *. ^ natiye-bf vyu»i> * grass" is - -fcjSied■'-the/Bent3. gcaut::-i-:-± jgeU worth«tp^foiF^tttre.r ' -•""* «?•" Pr':yn^'x I xsfxit^bfciticsiis-jEpodh .-v- .•* ->?*■•.•-?■**.j?a »?» ?.•>;>• I ' Not"ta^Asxjinhr/ onlyinehtioh fhe.nameprif the follqiwiig grasse* i.., ^ <whioli£. J " The Bye grassoB ^Iioliixmx Lolium dtalicnm^ A; Br^,-^—-,-,,.- _ grasses fortheir hut^thjdB ,jiiwerBr ' maintain. their jgronnd,. with uspttly.d: i years;aftertheptote^die'ott,^msegue^-. i are hot>afeMutad^qF) thiir Wtmtry^ vl [ reduire a more, faennwfmhgawar^. It iBid^ when the plaBtB lMSid:^^^^ will not ralish' the mh, Sad #3gleGt ipeais. that both Bnda^ £$? i j «ve so ^well-with _ji^b<«roigoColqii^jTe|peeS^tm : where tbey ane'^oken ofr^qMJa®"? |-fodder fhd.'gnzii— — the above-mention May.or June wed. ' ") t ji^Vnp|ir-go^i?jaf^f% ydiich I have not jrhny eiij! with they^eep bush ofjtfej1 en^us AIboj such eeivedasmi— «r— shrubin lS69hrOTnJ?rv ' of whichhereiaaii^;tiht valttable theepiodder the;sheep at, the, Chw.., ., dependmostly uppnjt^ehru^ bush is to the South Arirtrahan .. aheepbuish is to t^.C^o sguf#w« I .raised, abojrt 5jQ pUiht^ jwmgultafrt remarkably well,. And iPPf® bhaf. ouf olimi j well adapted f or^thsh growth; ^ ,as y" l.a much branchedfng^dM^..lwhJ'9nq ,. M 1 feetHgh., 31wl^M-^sfc1^TOfhEI)i .aroqtatic Inttemes^t |W^!.I_,u^^»ta^'r^^] j liked very much by sliM^ whh% mutton jMMfsy The plant iseaoly. I^pageted^incu^KVih; ; i of which every one, to gWIrftffljhw TOIii iS '■ 'thq first iiiiU;lN&^|R^i r» .try* s :.&' ri'd' s rtSo.ju • The -next two fodder i plants ate; f - f I the names .of Bibgi^;ro:rlifflt>iB^w8W^3;| i I- pfttivaj1 «f- Europe. - jSS? do^^^ott .eioolloitis j it. The ptatifai thrive well on every .scri -^bM-.-vrr year ihrough if the aeasoniishot too flevtaBiTf ? t It seems the 'Rib gaaa iii ettfflgM^yhiW^j '- ■ ■ -orit would have' beenytnore 'WWUhWyjPW5*'1 I reoommeiui it PBa great abquMjhmsm' ground, eepetnally forsiiuatterg, oadha^wy fafflg » > eftheir runs,where it wouldfiU^y'dJbritWu®9-! pasture. If once established it apraadssrapidlyj^f ? which I find in the" expftrimwtalgrouiuh graflr» ri v/ the seedling plants spring^ lip'every whtoe*" w Another plant for dieep ' foddor -to ibe*rri,;"r ? commended is theT small Burnet- ^ Babguisorba, ldn),va ytgt&A; from - seeds and i ghbnld introduce it onhisTnni1 ■-';. _ : • * y1 Not niueh' attebtibn,1 ilii&k;, las yetto theWeibnt"Mn& bfJK^w^b' 2 J .' — n^mMd sIa «v^11 lnV 4.vi A lSfi.NKAn. . find Eeveral do w^U lii';t)bijpJ albaV Desz,, M. ofi5cihBflh/'I4n,>^d M* ^jF "" Lam. do well, ^e dbvers arthhhwh asn^ herbs. Tt away in the' seoond year, but .-tne ■ qboy°. . tioned kinds aeeindo stand 1»^WJ ;meniion that biovers l&W.J;&WjPWiW; or on ctey snbatals, 'wTdih;i^te^ jthe L fidd|i,.ndt. ■ ciilarily, berel I woula fodder plante vhiob fl9PP%S?2?W" * mbi)£he,bnt aaduring tni? timefte 1 dinfej&iakit; -not neoeeaary,frgpf' tbenuThisjycurEioelleneyandg ibe ^esul te- xrf a eeveh yeara' trad j ; oapabflitaesbfeerornl' forehpa-JB^yeB I pljants in this' colony^ _ A "'-ft"' » [ earlier .b^ye ihe .public £ [ unto. X had testoddhsm teve^hadT I can recdmmead these graBSWtJHtkfr r I 'confidence;-- --• ■ vr..'^ c : -.•!•.•? snJ rnh ori: ;si utaX It depends now on Ihe famer ^daquattertA-r i give Ciflm a fair hiai, and ^Jbsril at the samnfamri;-; f tb their mind the old saying> ismd^vbrytrth onb.'.^*^ jt ia, "that the man vdiomakes ttro blades ofe > r grass grow, where ohe :griBW ibefore.is apubliO " benefaetor." One remark more. It is new foot ' years d""1 X read, in' the wane roomBtpapec; n •'On the Influenceof lbre^onTlhefSiinabs^P-.* in vriuch I pointed out: the neOTs^rfor4ayri*i oiit forest reserves and^lanfieg toeii ways and main -roadar 5Rre-next -^esg'^a'^- ^ of mine on the same subject wafi iald' ParliamMit. I knbw- my ;riiheEae" uwns r'€hen,k l criticised and ridiouled; NtfttnfndibgthiBj bfc the contrtlly l pereevered1 in gjring' 'a" piwotioaT^ ; injpulse to the "scheme, -by raiang forest trees aSr' j> the Garden for the poip(»e of plantingfoadg :' rtulwayswith. ■ ''•■',.3 Mr. MaiSj-the IMg5ieer-in-Gfhfef,Jgbtttat6d by; - thh -same desire, and a 'sihnltdr enthtisdaiBt ih tiia \ ^ 'matter, used the trees for-phmtrngaronnd-ti** ' ' new and- old reservoir and along-toe' fesflwaysji- _ so that the Government has smod the lasb ton* si years received 14,967 forest twee for: thijmrr « pose, and for the next pltotingaeasoh my «ock : { founts to 12,000 mpr^ for toe purpose [ planting the Burnt Railway. ,; 'v • ! :'",,,1 ■ j; • :•; Mr. Krichauff, M.P., Ja welldcnown tothuriast ; of planting forest trees, with his laudable eaergjr .; has now called to life my fevonrfte uohslma; an# soforest culture will .be- introduced into tote . colony,* and it is now my riucerMt wiBh'that W ; may be carried out most practically.'. ..: * ■ ■ 'J = ■: J Should this evening's lecture be also the means ^ l of inducing the squatter and farmer to try_thu . * growth of artificial grasses, I shall feel gratified .; beyond my.power to esmresa^.:.. . Your Excellency and gentlemen, accept my best thanks for the patient rheanng-m .thiar rather long paper, which I - fear has cathert . trespassed too much on your patience; but ,'. it is, I believe, unnecessary to -assure 'you' X ^ am only actuated by a very siaoere desire id:., benefit our agriculturists j anj'^hf*p the Rom s for the persons. concerned and the ^colony lnw0 ^. their labours may be crowned with sucoeas;.maiL . ^ then, I repeat once mira^;I:ii^&'.f!iii&^ s> beyond my power to expre®. ";."c Railway over the Pout- Bridge.—The Port. . I Adelaide. Corporation are -likelyit®' > convene ? meeting of the ratepayers in: the -town to-ooa^ if eider the necessity of.an immediate commence-' ; : mfeiit of -the proposed new^ bridge 'over the 1 atfeam.and the'layingdown of a railw&y; froi* ; . the - Port terminus to_ the Semaphore,1-' Thev--' palsied; and pamfufly";-distorted; .=apparegh^:'; shivering at every gust of vrind,*nd trembUnafi: as'the river runspast or murmvjtrs round tottering piles, ana-shuddering; iroaL'&rffcQttr; A bolt to u^per railing aaearis^r drays p&shbMmdi-t; 6© upon its broken back, ^ iTrovSjtfji-mfcr 