THE FBESS UT JAPAN. Dtjbtkg a recent debate in our Parliament, one of the members said that there was no newspaper published in Japan or China larger than the usual parliamentary ' orders of the day.' If he could see a copy, of the Japan Mail, he would probably retract his words. No. 8 of vol. 5 of that paper is now before us. It bears date May. 13th, 1874, und is published at Yokohama. It is a very large niiHAii^nntt /tf tUa InWvAaf IN til* *srA1*lft In 9nttt UChUCJ. ? UUOU1 Wig Hua^vov «* Ui« TIWAiu *u lUbv ? having no lees than 44 pages. It is well printed, on. excellent paper, and would, typographically, bear favourable comparison with any of its Aus tralian contemporaries. For its character as a newspaper we will dip into its contents. The title page has thejusual heading, Ust of contents — the births, deaths, and marringes, and e, summary, or precis of the important events of tbe fortnight. Then follow leading articles upon the Formosan Expedition, contemplated by the Japanese Go vernment, in retaliation for barbarities committed upon Japanese sailors by the Formosans. The Mail deprecates the expedition, as likely to em broil the Government with the Chinese authorities, who role at Fonoosa; and in a very dignified, yet bold manner, tbe editor lays down the policy which he thinks should be pursued; The next article is a review or criticism of a reply to an argument against representative government in Japan, written by a Japanese named Kat6. The reply is penned by Loyejima, Got6, and Itagaki, and' the editor approves or their argument, and assistB them to shew that the advancement to warrant the introduction of representative govern ment will follow the introduction, and should not be waited for. ,THe whole «f {he papers on the subject, Kate's argument, tbe reply of the trio, and tbe MmTs article are very readable, and threw a good light on to Japanese manners and customs and affairs politic The Japanese show' a pro ficiency in reasoning, and an acquaintance with the writings of political economists and others, that astonish us 'who bare been accustomed to look upon them as semi-barbarians. The next article is devoted to reviewing the condition of the country. After fonryean of rery pour work and arnel prodigality we hare twenty miles of railway open, and twenty-fivs moro the opening of wkioh seems to hang fire most lamentably. We have a telegraph evstem of same extent, which is perpetually breaking down. Thsre hat been some legal reform, wbicn does the Government much credit for the spirit It evinces. Bat tbe representative system exists only in the colnmna of Ule Japan Gazette. It must tie borne in mind that the Mai is anti MiniBterial and looks through its own spectacles. The Japan Bulletin is the MatTs particular abomi nation—' Our ribald and scurrilous contemporary ;' and some of the passages in reference to it might be from the Fiji papers in the palmy days^when the ?overnment there had its 'hireliag, or from our own Western journals in the thick of a fight. Unless people -«aya the Mail) will ge to the {only real sourcs of lufuriuatlon in regard to the ceadHten asd move ments at tnl» csuitry. a source which modesty forbids our naming, it i« perhaps butter to so to the JCazeffethaaelse wbere. The criticism which simply combmI» in limiting to the mnd and throwing handhilaof it at Japan, ia one wtuob. may smt the anleoedentj of tiwae who have passed their lives In this uncleanly surroundlMg, batthepnblicsaan rates it at iti teal value, and no one envies tbe canal halfpence wblcb reward this noisome activity. . . . The latter portion of this rebuke must cause i^rof.tte people at the £«fla!pt to quaiL The afaSeninaup Hib Japanese character thus :— - ThepeopWwlllBotttke tUepalna uMBssary to master the details ond graep the principles of the matters tboy take In Jam*.-. ?SotanMa *feo*y rosaltli to be pwdanad Uiey ar* tojjerpnnd to the trait, dodrons ot.partioipathu; in snob rfOTy»ri-r»l«eM»uobw»BlU may fistort. Bat of thtqusll SeY which iuv» nde the Western natton. ereat, of tbe j»«etiM, theenerty. W» tenacity «f porpoie, th* aourage and «*riarioa, hyaiuuvl mhish&Hr; steady advance baa been maie.tkevnaTeasyelgivBBMiaUoTidowe. ' This -article is followed . up by anetlier in the foreign Press of Japan, and the J&jfl; objects to the continual abuse and ridicule of the Japanese authorities by English journalists in the 'opan ports,' whose pliiliipics and tirades^re most re ligiously translated into tbe vulgate lor the benefit of the disaffected natives. Then comes the article on the silk and grain trade, the gist -f which we gara ', recently, and another upon a decision given U ft law court, both ably written, and showing an intimate knowledge with tbe subjects, in the sext leader the special features of the proposed AieemHy. for Japan are set forth. The Assembly is intended by the Japanese to assist the deliberations of the Cabinet, and the MaU gives its constitution, to show how little the Government of Japan will resemble that of free countries, as credulous and igntiant people assert. TMs Assembly is ta have no legislative power. It is to be merely a deliberative body. Its resolutions may be adopted by the Government, but in them selves they will have no power whatever. It will be seen by these articles that Japan is commencing to work out the great political problems scarcely yet solved by European coun tries. The official aotiflcatian of the constitution and rules of this deliberative assembly appear in the Matt, Following the articles: is the news. From the NUshin Shtnji&hi; we learn of the blowing up of a powder loaded Corean vessel through a spark from a torch getting into the magazine, and the murder of Japanese sailors by Coreans. 'Japanese Notes' contain sentences of deprivation ?f the rank of mmerai, and decapitation, with subsequent exposure of the head, passed upoa persons for being engaged in the Saga insurrection ; and' in the official summary of events notice is given that YetO-SUimpei, a Sbizoka. of the Saga Ken, who. took part in the rebellion, and after wards fled, is deprived of bis rank as the first step of punishment; further punishment to ensue when he sheuld be found. The said 'further punishment' is not described, but if, as Mrs. Glass's recipe is followed, and ihe hare is found, it is likely that Yeto Shimpoi's fate will not be an enviable *ne. ' Th© discovery of Japan and tbe introduction of Chrietainity,' is the substance of an address delivered to the mem bers of a scientific society, and occupies ovel six columns of the Mail ; and two more pages are taken up by a paper on ' Winds and Currents in the vieinity of the Japanese Islands.' 'Our Neighbourhood,' is a collection of fragmentary sketches. Tbe first is of n blaokumith who had a young and pretty wife, and a baby, but took to sake {£«„ Japanese grog), and tells how young paper man (not newspaper), came .aud did his csurting, and nursed the baby while tbe poor blacksmith was at the sake shop ; and the end was tbat the young paper man was fousd dead, and the wife turned into a ghost. The rest are in tbe same style, and give good fresh pictures of Japanese life, with quaint and humourous fancies. The next is a report of the Asiatic Society's meet ing to discuss something very dry ; and a meeting of the Amateur Athletic Association is also re corded. The games consisted of flat and hurdle foot, races, throwing tho cricket ball, and other Bperts that show that athletics we much the same all the world over. A novelty is, however, introduced, some of the prizes fceinggiven, in person, by young ladies on the ground, accompanied by pretty, little speeches. A *? Letter to the editor' complains of the peculiar policy of the Japanese in excluding all foreign enterprise from assisting in the commercial development of the country, and in the practical instruction of the natives, so as to enable them eventually to utilise the natural resources of Japan without external assistance. The writer urg«B that Eussia, where foreign capitalists and money for working mines ana railways, should be taken as an example. Another letter suggests the posting of weather reports at the telegraph office, and a third has a local interest only. ' Law and Police ' give reports of the courts. The pro ceedings inli.B.M. (her British Majesty's) Pro vincial are summons cases for debt. In the Consular Court, F. Percival is sent t* gaol for a week for binding with a ropa and assaulting one Yendo Hamekicki. Thomas Bobb is next fined twe dollars and costs, for beating a coolie with an iron rod, which proves that Britens ruleB the waves everywhere. In the United States -Consular Court -several -sailors «e dealt with for drunkenness, and F. Golmeeker is cautionfed and dismissed, after being charged with destroying a stone walL Frederick Law is charged «vitb breaking do wn a rail way gate, the property ef the Takashima Eayemon, value 50£cents. Prisoner's defence is that he went to Yedo, and took a glass or two too much, but, in spite of his confession, he is imprisoned for ten days, and fined three dollar*. Notes of the Fortnight are mostly political, and they read very strange to outer barbarians. Tbe perpetual changes in the Ministry are deplored, and the Mail says that 30,000,000 of people cannot be Governed by such a Cabinet which, discusses eternally personal and not public questions. A perfenuanca of the Club Germania is criticised, and a-concertbyaMr. Wagner is noticed, both at some length. AmongsD the pereonnl notices, we read that tho editor is anxianis to correct an error that crept into his previous issue. It waa there atatedtkat ' TbaSMfun lyemacbi was tka een of Tosbltoml, thirteenth priuoe of Kistuu,' He mi, however, himself thirteenth prince *f Klsbiu, and hfaj same was chaaged Co lyemoohl when he waa elerated t» tlw Shoranate. ThUteeme to be a Uoklbk matter, and it waa bo doubt as well that the amende hsoorable was weadily made. \- xne Tasi- iruue uetween dapau.auu \juuiu tuiu Son Francisco is shown by a shipping return, where 7859 chests of tea and 399 bales of silk appear upon the manifest of one vessel. Ship building is Japanese industry, for the launch of a steamer for the navigation of the Nugata Eiveris reported. Forging and uttering are also industries not unknown in Japan, as the Mail says : — It will be eeen by the notifiejtion iasued by tne Saga Cenrei tbat the Elnsata known aa the Mejtimhu have been is many instances tampered with. Tbe tampered notes are by no means confined to that Een ; several having bees suooeasf ally passed is Kobe. It requires but a superficial inspection to detent the fraud. The statement of traffic receipts at the Yoko hama railway station scarcely warrauf the Mail's abuse of the railway policy of the country, for the receipts for each week on 18 miles amount to about 10,000,000 dollars, or an average of over 500 per mile per week. The number of persons uBing the line is from 30,000 to 40,000. The shipping intelligence notes the arrival and departures of numbers of vessels, many of them over 2000 tons register; and two, the Great Republic and Japan, are put down re spectively as of 3882 tons and 4254 tons. From the commercial intelligence we learn that cotton piece goods, cotton yams, woollens, iron and metals, and sugars are the principal articles im ported ; and that? silks, teas, mushrooms, isinglass, sharks finB, wax, cuttlefish, dried shrimps, sea weed, gall-nut, tobacco, sulphur, -wheat, shellfish, camphor, beche-de-mer, and ginseng, are those of export. Of the two great exports, the tables show that 13,915 bales (of 106$lbs-of silk were sent to different destinations between the month's of July, 1873, and May, 1874; and 12,436,613 lbs of tea were also . exported— New York taking over 8,000,000 lbs, and San Francisco more than 3,000,000 lbs. Such are the chief items of in terest gathered from the perusal of one num ber of an English paper, published in Japan. And when it is recollected that only a few short years since that country was a sealed book to all tbe rest of the world, onr readers will agree with us in thinking that the change which has been brought about and the progress made are not by any means the least wonders that have been achieved in Gob wonder achieving age. ^^^^ ' ? 