I/ETIEX5S TO THE EDITOR. THE " WALKING- GHOST," AND A FEW MORE EACTS. . Sib,—Fact is stranger than fiction, awl that is a fact. Ghosts are not allowed at laige in the daytime, and that is a fact (because 1 know.) Therefore our Kariina Ghost must be a fiction, which is another fact, and demonstrates my argument. (I have got tlie point mixed up somehow, and don't quite see it myself, but that's no con sequence.) Is our Ghost male or female? If tiie latter, let us re-spect-re (her.) I shouldn't mind being intimate with a respect able ghost, because in my line of business it might be useful, but i should requite good references tie fore I placed any confidence in his statements. I don't think " Walking Ghost'* is up to much. 1 darc-say he is a well-meaning ghost, but I don't believe that he echoes the real sentiments of anything like a majority of the sensible portion of the latepayiny commui.ity ofKadina. Does the party uhosuggests the Exchange C s as the best place for the Council to meet in, expect a commission for letting ail office ? or does he adrocatc an increased expenditure as a method of economising the public funds? 1 don't think our Ghost is too respectable either, as not only did he surrep titiously follow a gentleman's servant into the house, but has the unblushing effrontery to make a boast of it. Fie ! fie ! Mr Ghost, you ought to remember that in a gentleman's house no followers are allowed. He is evidently an inexperienced ghost, and doesn't quite know his way about jet, but will -probably improve when he gets introduced .intoi better society. As he has such excellent opportunities of obtaining coriect information .perhaps he would be good enough to verify the following facts :—That our father in law is to represent the district in Parliament, and we are to Pa{y)ler him. That the jolliest man is a groat undertaker and is always woith a J3ob. That Ruinbusticle Kogers is on the rampage. That the Neduy referred to by " Walking Ghost" has been asked to f-tand as-Mayor, and indignantiy declined. That there are very many other questions of equal moment which he can settle equally satisfactorily, without knowing anything abont them. I am afraid, Mr .Editor, you will say I am occupying a good deal of your valuable space with-what is worth very, little, but it seems so funny to be holding a ghost by the button hole, and doing a little in-the desultory way with h:m, that I can't. resist the temptation, and. by wav of compensation for the infliction on your readers, can only say that any points or jokes they don't quite understand, shall be rendered perfectly translucent to the tnilde&t; suspicion of an intellect on application to respectfully, A MEliE SHADOW. 