THE' NORTHERN "AREAS; " POETPIRIE TO THE BURR A. I made an early start on Monday from the "happy camping grounds" of my young "Bohemian friends," in order that I might have ample time to see the cultivated part ; of 'the Crystal: Brook Area, and reach Port Pirie at a reason able hour. I crossed the site of the new Crystal Brook township, crossing the railway on the western side. I had not gone far until I saw the reaping machine at full work. The crops on the Crystal Brook Area appear to be earlier than any of the other crops. Indeed, when I reached Port Pirie I saw good samples of wheat in bags being delivered at Galloway's store. This was a part.of the Crystal Brook crop. I feel some hesitation in speaking confidently as to the yield in the area. The crops sown early on fallow are as a rule very good, but those sown late without fallow are poor enough, and some of them are. wretched,; I was told; of'a farmer who had cleaned up 33 bagsfrom? seven acres; Which gives within a fraction of 19 bushels to the acre, but this is exceptional. come say the yield will be 15 bushels all round on the area, and others do not expect more than 12 as the average. I was sorry to learn that the fierce hot winds on Friday night had done considerable damage to the ripe crops at Crystal Brook, in some cases several bushels to the acre having been blown out. Of some of the crops I saw, I must say there were nearer to 12 bushels than to 15. Probably few things give a traveller through the areas a more striking view of the enterprise of the people than "to see the ;very large quantity of land, in addition .to that already under cultivation, which has been ploughed and fallowed j for cultivation next season. South j Australia is emphatically a wheat pro- j ducing country, but what she has j done in the past in this direction is j very small compared with what will be | done iri thefiithre. It must be admitted that the growing of wheat so far north must still be regarded'in the light of an Experiment; but the experiment bo far has been fairly successful. Last year the crops on the area3 were not so large as they were expected to be; but neither J were they in other parts ;.of the colony. The experiment to test the capability of ] the north,country for producing average crops of-wheat will now be put to the most rigid test, and if it be moderately successful over a series of years, South Australia will very emphatically be found to lie north of Adelaide—it may be north of Clare. On reaching Port Pirie I was amazed ■ to see the extraordinary progress that ] had been made there. Out of an uncom fortable swamp an important port has I risen as if by magic, and on every hand ] there were signs of busy activity. The Government have acted wisely towards I this rising township, in giving them a railway, in throwing up a fine embank- | ment to prevent the port being sub merged, and last, though by no means least, in providing a water supply. Before the close of the year the water I will be laid on by pipes from the source j at Nelshaby—a fine spring at the foot of the Flinders Range, giving a supply of 20 gaUons a minute; Nearly a hundred j men w:ere>at^work; under ithAsuperinten- I dence of Mr. Seymour, the Waterworks j Storekeeper "in Adelaide. -These works, besides being an inestimable boon to the j residents, will be' reproductive, as a] charge- -will be , made for the water. Last year, on one day; 800 bulio'cks were I found at the Government dam, where | the supply is somewhat limited. The ceremony;connect'ed.with what was called " turning the first sod " of the rail way has b een alr eady described, and Ineed say nothing further about it here. After the ceremony and the banquet I drove back to Napperby, where I was indebted to the courteous hospitality of Mr. Bran dis, the Messrs. Bowman's Manager, and his kind-hearted wife, and where I stayed two nights. I left my friends there early on Wednesday morning, and learnt that Napperby was to be visited in the course of- the day by the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. Patterson, who intended visiting, under the pilotage of Mr. Brandis, the springs at Nelshaby.,* My intention was to reach Laura that evening, looking in upon Gladstone by the way; then on Thursday to push-on-for Jamestown, and return from JameBtown to Georgetown, and thence home in any way that presented itself. The''road from Napperby is through-Hughes's- Gap in the Flinders Range, a tolerably passable road in good I weather.'- After- crossing the. Range, the entrance to Booyoolee is through a gate called,.hot very euphoniously, or in the best possible taste, "TartarusGate." "Tar tarus" is not just the word, but it is less I coarse than the actual one. On the Boo- j yoolee Area the crop3 are very fine; thousands of acres were passed waving with rich golden grain, many of the craps evidently showing twenty bushels, if not more, to the acre. There were paddocks of 150 or 200 acres all covered with beau tiful crops, with not a: stalk of wild oats or any other weed among them. Crossing the Rocky River near to the Booyoolee Station, which is pleasantly situated, and crossing the main- road close to the house, I came 'upon the thriving little town ship of Gladstone. , It is nicely situated, and when the rail way is brought up to it it will be a town of no small importance. It was laid out hy Mr. Washington Moorhouse, and called after England's greatest statesman. Mr. Moorhouse built a flouriaill, around which a number of houses soonJ clustered. I drove. up to the comfortable'hotel kept' by Mr. Pi Blake, formerly of Crawler, where I had the satisfaction of meeting a' party - of' gentlemen from Crawler- who, like jmyself, were " doing the' areas."' I had met them twice or thrice before in. the-course ,of my j ourney, and < X. was glad-to -see- them again. We had a comfortable dinner at Blake's, and I dis covered', ;ibat^ihy friends were ' en ropte' for Jamestowii, and thence to. -the Burra. Very generously they offered to admit me to their travelling' fellowship during the remainder of the''.journey." By join .'ing 'them I .should-, 'xrnss- seeing Lahra, ih^Jhen"I'should;~reaph rhome several ;days, before jl could ifJl'weiii'<( on pay own hook," as I had been^doing before, so after weighing the pros and cons., I gladly accepted their generous offer, and better travelling companions no man need wish to have. I dispatched my man and horses back to Georgetown, and cast in my lot with the Gawlerites; and I found no reason toregret my decision.: I missed Laura, it is true, which i3 said to'be the prettiest township on the areas, but in exchange I obtained good fellowship and reached home some days before I could have done according to my original plan. The prettiest building I saw on the areas is the Bank at Gladstone; there is in deed a singular looking chapel at George town, octagonal in shape, and lighted only by a lantern above the roof. It has a rather striking effect, though if the blank walls had been pierced with win dows it would have been a more effective design. After dinner we started for Jamestown, passing en route between fine crops, clean and healthy looking, until:we reached , . , ■ ; ; ' . Caltowie, another thriving township which owes its recent oriein to the settlement of . the areas. Three years ago I passed over the ground on which the town how stands, and then it. was simply an old outstation belonging to Mr.' H. Hughes! Now it is a scene of busy industry. The inn is kept by Mr. A. Rheder, who with his good wife made us comfortable during the half hour we stayed. Mr. Munrq, of Gawler, has established a soda water, lemonade, and cordial manufactory in Caltowie, and, I believe, is doing well. It seems to be a curious place for such an industry. All the land in the Caltowie Area appears of good quality, and the crops are excellent. Many hundreds, if not thousands, of acres were under j wheat, and almost as much- land was' fallowed ready for the next season. ' "Belalie. Three years ago the present writer, after a. run through the areas, ven tured the opinion that the finest land he had seen north of Clare was at Belalie. I am still- of that opinion. Of all the crops I'saw during my visit to the North, there was none equal to those "of Belalie. This was one of the original areas de clared in Strangways's Act of. 1868, and most of the: land was taken up at £1 an acre. . .It was early settled; and it has taken the lead in the largeness -of the crops. Bast year they were ' excellent, and this year they are magnificent. I saw plenty of fields which will give 25 bushels to the acre, and some that will run to 30 bushels. . On the sputh-eastern side of the area, after leaving. James town, especially, the 'crops were fine. The soil is a dark chocolate of great depth, and already the few farmers who have planted, trees around their home steads have been very successful. This is one of the pleasantest sights," because when a settler goes to the labor and ex pense of planting, it is1 a sign that he means to make the place his home. Jamestown is. the township of the Belalie area. I must again, even at the risk of being tedious and egotistical, -refer to my . former- visit to this place three years ago. Then I drove over from Georgetown and saw the surveyors' pegs defining the town. That was all; there was not the ghost of a building. : Our party then encamped on j the desolate plain on which the township j now stands, lighted a fire, and boiled the kettle, and had tea. Now there is the j largest, and in many respects the , most important, town on the areas. The site has been admirably selected, and the settlers have shown their faith in its future prosperity by gathering there in considerable numbers. It is the:centre of an immense agricultural district, .which :j stretches away on every hand. Our in- j tention was to stay there all night, and: push on for the Burra next day.. There; are two hotels, both of which seem to be; largely patronised.; one is kept by Mr.: Jureit,: formerly of' the Hotel Europe,; and the other by Edwards, formerly! butcher in Hiridley-str'ebt. We drove' up to the former, and asked for accom modation. for the . night. The good natured landlord told us it was out of the question. Eyery bed and every; sofa, and almost, every board in the house, was already engaged. Something like 16 persons turned up within an hour, all wanting accommodation. This was by no means a pleasant look-out,.and two of our party went on an exploring expedition to the other hotel, and brought back the melancholy intelligence that it too was quite full, accommodation having to be provided for no less than 40 travellers: Happily Host Jureit was well supplied with first-class., provisions; so .we had a. comfortable meal, after which, we went into Committee on the situation. We could think of nothing better than to rest the horses-until midnight; and then start for the. Burra., This was not pleasant prospect after a long day's journey already, but ;it appeared to be the only course: open\ to us. A German's resources, however,, are il limitable, and our host,, when he got a few minutes for quiet thought, showed himself..to be. a Moltke in strategy and a Bismarck in decision. He in formed, us to our great delight that he thought he could manage to put us up " if we - were not very, particular." "We had been out too long to be', " very par ticular," so we at once closed' with his offer and gave up the notion of travelling 40 more miles by moonlight. Up to after 11-o'clock-We were kept in ignorance of Mr. Jureit's arrangements, and shrewdly suspect he was' not .very clear, about theim, himself. X-took possessionpf the police trooper's bed, kindly vacated for the oc casion, and two of my friends slept on a mattrass . on the floor of the same room. -The room was not a large- one,, -and we were'just a.little -crowded, but that was better, . than travelling, over unknown road.3 on. a, -clouded moonlight . night. One ofthe other, members b£.the party ob tained a sofay and-anotheri made shift with a couple of chairs. We heard that in one not-very large parlor there were nine persons littered down. All appeared to bei very jolly,- however, the good humor and ^obliging : disposition of the .' landlord holding out in spite of many provocations. i / X turned out about 6 'o'clock-on Thurs day morningand had a quiet walk round the townshipy which certainly surprised me. There is/a large' flour rmill, which" has been kept constantly at. work through the whole year until, within the, last week, or two, when it was closed for repairs. A large new boiler was on the ground ready to'be erected. , There are two -chapels of considerable size for the place, one be longing to the Catholics and one to the Wesleyan Methodists. There is one really handsome general store and some smaller ob ei, butchers' and bakers', estab lishments, a blacksmith's and a saddler's shop, a Bank, and many other buildings of; greater or lesser importance. The South Australian Carrying Company had four drays, with teams of seven or eight horses each, encamped in the township all night, which made an early start next morning. The people complain rather. bitterly about the want of postal and telegraphic communication. The mails run only 'twice a week, and there is no telegraph wire. This ought to be seen to before the busy season, begins,, or it will be a serious loss to the inhabitants and the district. They ought to have either the one or the other before the close of the year. The construction of the telegraph line from Gladstone would not cost much, and £1,000 or £1,500 would be well spent on such a necessary work. A meeting on the subject was held on Tuesday evening, when it was resolved to memorialise the Chief Secretary, reminding him of hi3 promise to give the people telegraph facilities. We wish the Chief Secretary, in whose department the Post-Office and Telegraph Office are, would take a run through the areas, and see for himself the pressing needs of the settlers. On Thursday morning we started for the Burra, passing between magnificent crops of wheat, exceeding anything I have ever_ before seen in the colony. And yet 1 w;a3 informed . that in the Mannanarie Area they were still better. I met at Jamestown an Adelaide merchant and one of his travellers who had been in this area, and they assured. me that they had seen | Crops which would yield 40 bushels to the acre. Agriculture is still pushing out northward, and a . considerable quantity of land has been taken up on Black Rock Plain. We passed the Canowie head station, travelling through a grand country, the most of which we were told was already purchased by the squatters. It seems to be a great pity that a country which would support a thousand families should have got into the possession of a few sheep farmers. We do not blame them ; they were simply wise in their generation, but the system which allowed this was bad. • ■ ' - When we had passed'the Canowie Run the land appeared, to be of a less promis ing character, although in the Hundred of Hallett there is a large quantity fitted for agriculture. The Town of Willogo leech was our stopping place. It is just midway between Jamestown and the Burra. Here there is a large and roomy hotel, which we should think does a good trade. After .resting here we pushed on to the Burra. This country is too well known to require description here. At 6 o'clock we were comfortably seated in Orchard's comfortable hotel ait Aberdeen, our rapid run through the areas being brought to a close. We shall reserve for another occasion some general remarks suggested by the visit. 