DIOCESE OF MAITLAND. MIXED MARRIAGES. In -a pastoral lately issued by the ishop of Maitland, His Lordship dwells t considerable length on the question of ixed marriages, of course, condemning hem. In the course of his observations n the subject he says :— The sod truth is, dearly beloved, that the ndifferentism which we have already stig atised as the mother heresy and pestilence f our day, has reached us, and has been ostered by those peculiar conditions of v our olonial society which we began by indicating. very worldly motive is intensified, every spiritual objeot and responsibility is bedimmed and attenuated. Mixed marriages re formed by those whose faith is partly uffocated by the unwholesome atmosphere f indifferentism, consciously or unconsciously ; and mixed marriages directly propagate indifferentism. How could it be otherwise ? Even in those few, those very few cases in which the engagement to respect and leave at perfect liberty tue faith and practice of the Catholic party is honestly and honourably kept, where, aocordiag to the same engagement, the offspring of the mixed marriage are scrupulously educated as Catholics—what will be the effect on the children of the unhappy situation in which they find themselves? It is scarcely ai) exaggeration to say that the better, the more dutiful the children, the more likely will they be to inhale the poison of indifferentism, and to act, even if they do not expressly think it, as if difference of religion were simply a faBhion,i,a matter of human opinion—as if the Church of Christ and the ways of sects were all paths leading to one end. They are taught there is one faith implanted by our Lord and by the Holy Ghost; one Church founded by our Lord, and,'being animated by the Holy Ghost, in full operation and detail of worship before the sacred Scriptures of the New Testament were written; and yet they see before them every day the two human beings, their parents, those whom they are bound to love and reverence beyond all— they see them going different ways in this matter of supreme importance. What Catholic would, if he thought truly and justly— what Catholic, man or woman, would dare to expose his or her children to such cruel perplexity and danger 1 We call upon the clergy to plaoe these things more frequently before the minds of their people, and to do it with the gentleness, and delioacy, and firmness of the spirit of Christ their Lord. It is unnecessary to add anything to this solemn admonition given by the united voice of the Australian Episcopacy. The evils of mixed marriages are unquestioned, the Catholio Church has ever condemned them in the strongest terms as odious and detestable, and experience tells us that they have been the cause of the greatest evils both to the contracting parties themselves and to their offspring. Is it not a fact that many who entered into these engagements, disregarding the warnings of the Church, have passed their days and years in bitterness and sorrow, have beoomecold and indifferent in the practice of their holy religion, and have in some cases, I grieve to say,-lost the pre-: cious treasure of the holy faith, without which it is impossible to please God? And if we consider the fate of the poor children, oh, what a fearful responsibility is thrown on the Catholio fathers or mothers, and yet how .often are they either incbmpetent.or unwilling to take the necessary steps towards securing the faith of their little ones. Uninstructed themselves, they, we incapable of imparting any instruction jtp the children, ufne unable tO i refute the calumnies «nd slanders utteped ,by aoi?-Cattiqho •pvty. .'flsteiM® its . dopttines; ;iand jUjey; evpn .jrell " yr *- ' tO . Of he faith which is in them, have they always he courage to attend to the practice of their, oly, religion ? Do they approach the SacraentB at stated times? And if they are evoted and fervent Catholics, can they preserve their peace of mind and listen to, and endure with patience, the many gibeB and sneers against their holy religion, its ministers, and saored ceremonies ? How, asks St. Ambrose, can there be a sincere union of the affections when persons are divided on religion ? And even suppose, my brethren, that nothing of all -this should happen, what a pang, what an affliction it must be to the good Catholic wife to see her husband, whom by every law, human and Divine, she is bound to love, living in error and'out of the true Church ? Does not even the very Bight of the beads of a family separating on Sundays and going to worship their Creator in different places, present a sad and mournful spectacle ? How often does it happen that the Catholic party has to suffer a fearful persecution for his or her attachment to oux holy religion, and devotion to the Blessed Mother of God? These are facts which cannot be gainsaid, notwithstanding the boasted liberality of the age, and the many solemn professions which were made by the parties before contracting marriage. 