DEPARTURE OF THE Rev. J. Y, SIMPSON. VALEDICTORY SERVICES. On Sunday last. April 5, the Rev. J. X. Simpson preached his farewell sermons in the Wesleyan Church, Strathalbyn, having been transferred, by Synod proceedings, to the charge of the Church at Brompton. The attendance was very large at both niorning and evening services, and in the morning the rev. gentleman preached a most eloquent sermon based upon the 7th verse II Corinthians v., '' For we walk by faith, not by sight,' showing that faith was of vital importance in the Christian's life, and its U3e in bringing the believer home to tne Cross of Christ. In the eveuing the rev. gentleman to k for his farewell text the 14th verse of II Corinthians xiii., 'The gra-*e of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghosr, be with you all. Amen.' He thought these con cluding words of the apo3tle Paul were extremely tender and suggestive, and peculiarly appropriate wherever a parting was contemplated, embracing, as they did, the three great features in Christian life. Paul had so felt the powerful influence of the grace of his Saviour Jesus Christ that it be came his constant wish that all should participate in it, and seldom missed an opportunity of ex pressing this wish on their behalf. The grace of our Saviour was spoken of as 'free grace/j ' sovereign grace,' ' rich' and ' manifold grace,' and 'saving grace;' and the rev. gentleman entered ably into an exposition of the exhibition of these Qualities, urging its acceptation, and with all the earnestness of the old apostle, re echoed his wish, t( The grace of our Lord be with you.' He then dwelt on ' the love of God,1' re marking that it was one of tbe highest aspirations of a believer's heart to be able to comprehend the love of God in its purity and in its strength. 'God is love!' What a manifestation of His love in the redemption of the world by the offer ing up as a sacrifice His only begotten Son ! And up to that moment they had never ceased sharing in the boundless length, breadth, and extent of His love. He joined most earnestly in the apostle's wish for his people, that they might realise, in its fullest extent, che love of God, and live in its possession day by day. The rev. gentleman then alluded to the third portion of his text, *- the fellowship of the Holy Ghost,' as the connecting link between Christians and the love of God and the grace of our Saviour. That church or Christian who recognized the power of the Holy Ghost worked for His (the Redeemer's) sake, who, through tue love of God, came to save sinners. If thev had uot received the power of the Holy Ghost,~the love of God, that great foun tain-head and sea of blessings must be brought into contact -with their empty souls through the channel of the grace of our Lord. How rich the church, how wealthy the Christian that realised the possession of these — the grace of our Lord, the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost ! At the close of his (the rev. gentleman's) ministry in Strathalbyn, he felt that better words or warmer wish he could not give than those of the old apostle, and he left them with the desire that thev would earnestly work while it wasyet day, gather the benediction to their hearts, and let it be a motive to continued and zealous exer tion in the cause of God. Though he was leaving them, he should ever remember with thankful ness and pleasure his labours among3t them, and always lift up his heart in the triune prayer of Paul, ' The grace of our Lord, the love of God, and the fellowship of ttoe H«ly Ghost be with jou nlwavB Amen.' The whole address was delivered with much earnestness and affection, and at its close the rev. gentleman was evidently much affected TESTIMONIAL. In anticipation of the marriage and departure of the Rev. Mr. Simpson from Slrathalbyn, after a three years' term of arduous and successful labour, some of the c.ngregatiou felt that his marriage should not be allowed to paas wit: i out some slight mark of the esteem in which he is held by those among whom he had laboured. A Committee was therefore formed to carry the idea into effect, and an amount of £25 was collected. It was at first proposed to purchase and present a piece of plate ; but on further consideration the Committee resolved to present the money itself, leaving it to Mr. Simpson to expend it in the manner most agreeable to himself. Accordingly, on Monday morning last Messrs. Catt and Waddy, appointed for that purpose, waited on Mr. Simpson and presented him, in the name of the subscribers, as a we-iding gift from them, with a purse con taining the money in sovereigns. Mr. Simpson acknowledged the presentation in feeling and appropriate terms ; desired that his ?warmest thanks should be conveyed to those who had granted him so pleasing a token of their esteem and of tbeir wishes for his future happi ness ; and requested that he might be furnished with a list ol the subscribers. WEDDING. In that portion of our columns usually devoted to records of a purely domestic but interesting nature, an announcement will be seen of the mar riage of the Rev. J. Young Simpson (who for the last three years has lahourea so zealously and efficiently in the interests of the Wesleyan deno mination in this district) with Miss Phillips, only daughter of the late~Capt. R. M. Phillips, of Clapton Park, London. The interesting cere mony was performed by the Rev. W. P. Wells (President of Prince Alfred College) on Tuesday morning last, in the Wesleyan Church, Strathalbyn, for which new and handsome struc ture the town is very greatly indebted to the per severance and energy of its late incumbent — the rev. bridegroom. The Church was most taste fully decorated Tvith wreaths and festoons of bright evergreens, varied with Sowers of choicest hue ; and besides the more immediate relatives and friends of the happy pair, there was a very numerous attendance or' members of the congrega tion and townspeople present to lend an additional interest to that ceremony which climaxes that 'Love, ne?er felt but once, and no'er but once ? erjoyed !' . and that luminary, whose favors are so eagerly desired by the superstitious believer in omens, shone out with a warmth and splendour that seemed to prognosticate an ^unlimited supply of the coveted happiness. Of course the ceremony was very attentively witnessed, and proved of considerable interest to the young folk, as it ever and. always will ... '.While love.and .homage blend their blissful power. And shed a halo .round, the. marriage hour.' ' This being the first -wedding solemnised in the new Church, a handsome Bible and Hymn-book were presented to the newly-married couple by the minister — the gift of the Trustees. When all was over, Mr. and Mrs. J, Y. Simpson drove off upon their honeymoon tour — bearing with them the hearty good wishes and prayers of a large circle of friends — preparatory io the rev. gentle man's taking charge of the new congregation which at the last Wesleyan Synod was committed to his spiritual care at Bromptou. 