- UNDER THE TOMDAH. Royal progresses in old times were griev« onces against which our ancestors murmured loudly. Royal purveyors had a right at law, which a purveyor like Caleb Balder- stone only enjoyed by courtesy, of entering any man's house ana seizing fish, flesh, or fowl for the use of his majesty's table. Thesa things are better managed at home now. Wherever the Queen goes she pays her own expenses, and a royal visit is not regarded as a visitation. Tho Queen sometimes when she travels is attended by ono or more -of her ministers, and no doubt pays their hotel bills and general expenses. They suit hos convenience, and wait on her : it would bo something odd to hear of the Queeu atten ding the Right Hon. tho Secretary for Borne Affairs in a trip through tho provinces. But I see that his Excellency our Viceroy, having just returned from Tasmania, and hearing that the Minister of Lands intends visiting Gipp's Land, " has signified his intention to honor him with his company." Will the honor bo acknowledged out of the con-, solidated revenue or tho private purse of Mr,; Casey ? . . . .. ,. " Seven years have passed, your majesty— be the same moro or less—" writea King Cakobau to Queen ; Victoria, .'/since I was repulsed from your door; during which time. :I have been pushing on my work/through difficulties, of which .it is iisoless to com. plain, aud have brought it , at laBt to the vergo of , completion without ono act of - asBistonco, one word of encouragement, or 'one smile of favor." Such / language,; /slightly -distorted perhaps : by - ,thq. nigger dialect common in; the, Fijis, does King - Cakobau uso to the Queen's representative, Commodore Goodenough, , and very . likely . her Majesty will feel it as keenly as did, his lordship of Chesterfield the rebuke of , the great Cakobau of the eighteenth century. Tho Fijis have been going a begging,, like Dr. Johnson, till their/value is disoqvqred; , and now that the Queen is prepared to patronise thorn, and "enter into negotiations'// for admitting thorn into the .circle, of her./ colonial possessions, they /.qhjcct. , It may , be disloyal, but I , hope :/King. Cakobau will hold his own as Sampel,. Johnson did his, and prosper. A ;littie; variety ;in tlio administra. tion of affairs in tiio, .southern hemisphere would ho 'charming, . and Cakobau: promisoa, ; it... , . , ..a-. ...'« , o : k ; . Tho Eqloctic, Society contemplate, I under- . stand, starting ,a. monthly . or quarterly review, the " copy " for which, will be made up of . papers read; at .the meetings of the society, «uid , contributions . from mom- : hers of / .".acknowledged literary ability.", r I have not heard who ia to .be the editor, but in anticipation I pity him from .the bottom of myv heart, even - if he should .turnout to ho that, impalpable personage whom I havo never yet mot with —my bitterest ; enemy. An ordinary editor 'musjb have some views of his own, but an editor of an Eclectic Review, wliich aliall be a mouthpiece of our Eclectic Sooioty, must ba prepared to adopt the panoptical views, of the extreme advocates of every side. I would recommend, instead of . an editor, a committeo, to be composed of one free- trader and one protectionist ; a Christian— if they cau find a member of . that persuasion amongst them — and. an out-and-out atheist; a professional teetotaller, and a' confirmed drunkard ; a communist and a hank director ; a homocopathist and an allopathic doctor; an M.L.A. and an M.L.C.; a pro . feBsional cricketer and "a gentleman;" and lot them argue out in .a mild and per suasive manner the principles on which the journal shall bo conducted. As publishing night approached, I can fancy the weary and' fruitless tramps the poor printer's devil would have for the required copy ! But no one man should be asked to undertake tho functions of editor. Why should I imagine that there are ' plenty of virgin bowlers in the electoral . district of St. Kilcfa ? What reason have ! for ' supposing that the0 Jews are a numerous and , influential body in the borough of Brighton? Sipiply this., , I see ; by tod papers that Messrs. J. teplven; and 'It. .M. Smith !bayd between them presented a handsome ; silver cup //to be competed for by the virgin ( ibawletB of .the sea "side suburb; whUe Mr. Bent offers our" Jewish friends an acre" of his land 'in Brighton, rupon which to build ' a :!iyhjgogue. " ; I watch toe signs of the times, / /arid' draw my conclusions. There will be a. lull in Bilver clips and synagogue acres, when i ;thb results of the general election are de.« clared. J ' This' is ,Jah.p<"7- .The'.' Somersetshire la Hobsbri's ip bctober, :=b.ut' instead fr home now, She is10 . yjparaiflb. or somewhere in, that directi?" expected to -be in ,Eri|;ldnd' about nex. April. She is a' favonte bhip, ; and many wfioto rituries ' are household words left here in her. "Why is toe natural curiosity wo all/ feel for absent friends not gratified by publishing the news the agents havo respect higher? I havo heard she has lost her main mast, . her mizen mast, every sort of mast in fact the nautical language allows of, but I am doubtful if I have heard the truth Will the agents inform an anxious public: what is the matter "with the Somersetshire ? Interest is gradually rising in Melbourne, ana "'ill continue to rise, There has been ; I a t'rxeat of Victorian gold flowing into the Sydney treasury to pay, for the Riverina land blocks that there is hardly enough left in Melbourne to float a new company. Money is always scarce to those wlio want it ; it is now scarce to those who only want it to mako more. I suppose that some time,' or somehow or another, t.ho vast Bums that V ictorians have paid to the sister colony for their land selections over the Murray will return to us liko bread thrown on the waters, but the many days that will elapse before such a desirable consummation comes about will give opportunities to the banks which they will not be slow to take advan tage of. The possessor of hard cash just now may consider himself especially blessed, ' People have absolutely no reserve where money is at stake. The most offensive in- quisitiveness is evinced by men about their neighbors' cash transactions, and if it at alp affects themsolves their prying becomes ab. ;olutely painful. A number of gentlemen actuated with the best intentions possible—- intentions good enough to pavo the road to heaven for themselves instead of the other place — resolved to start a new bank. Thoy very naturally asked them-- selves why they should start a bank unless with an eye to their own interests, and they adopted some wise precautions in the articles of association, whereby thoy secured them- selves against' the humiliation of promoting a company from which they would get no profit. A man immediately writes to the papers 1 wanting to know. He puts a num ber of questions categorically to the pro- Visional directors, demanding how many shares each is to get for the use of his namof the amount to bo considered as paid on them, and the total cost of this to the com. p'any ; whether tho chief promoter has rendered his removal from the office of superintendent ! impossible; whether he has bargained for a pension in case ' the1' company floats, and several other ques tions i)f an1 exceedingly unpleasant nature. - The " directors can't1 deny— don't want to deny -the soft impeachment. They do get ' Bhares and other advantages for the use of- their names, and 'that is precisely what they h'ave gone' into the thing for. But I can set the' minds of intending shareholders at rest about the possibility of dismissing tho super- ' dntendent; It will bo possible to remove him, if his dismissal is sanctioned by a ma jority of twelve sharchelders, who are to form the final' court of appeal, and six of whom are to bo appointed by the sujierinten dent himself. You seo ho wanted some slight security in his position, and for this reason. The ' last bank ho promoted was the Coihmercial, the 'directors of ivhich basely tlnrew him: overboard when onco fairly afloat. He objects to being made a Jonah of a se- cond time and honcb tho " happy thought" in-' tho articles of association. It will be rathor a queer superintendent who won't be able' 'to keep at least six shareholders 1 on his Bide. 11 ' - ' ; The bookmakers are fired with a laudable nmbitioh to get -to the bottom of every game upon which they < put their -moriey. They ' wcreprobably hit rather hard in the lato AH England matches, but as experience is the school of wise men, they determined to enter upon a course of cricket' education, so that they might be in a position to lay judi ciously against the next great event. ' There is now an actual Bookmakers' Club, though they have not as yet succeeded in getting a slice fenced off from any of our public re serves. It is, proposed, I hear, to ask for a few acres in the centre of the Flemington racecourse, so that they may bo able to keep one eye open for the mysteries of byes, maidens, and overs,'"whilo the other will re#' main :open for the inore -legitimate business of the doings of the ttirf. And- par" bookmaker? are going into tho fine arts as well as the, noble game of cricket. Ono bought a painting, by Yon Guerard, at Mrt Michio's sale, for £40 the other day,' and whiAU, a companion picture, by the same, artist was put up at tho sale of Dr. Howitt's collection immediately afterwards, he bid up to £45 for it, but let it go for £46. He was asked why lio let a pound or two stop hini from buying a really fine painting. ' < Well, " says ho, "it isn't exactly the size of the one I bought, and I didn't think the dashed things would run well together ; but 4f It had been half a hand higher I wouldn't I; it go for a hundred notes !" lly reads liko a chapter from Carlyle jrt of the deputation to the Mayor ong. Mr. Andrews, the Mayor of m and Chilwell, is " dull Bulstrode" ain, pressing on wavering Oliver the nee of the kingly dignity. He is doubts and fears. He knows not r this thing is of the X/>rd. He. ully wrestles with himself, and «eeks ur arguments that may convince hi»a. orallel will not hold good further. pliP&cr; could, but would not, accept tho Mr. Belcher will, hut the can re- to bo decided. a'Heokett has had the courage to himself publicly to tho statement PPyery few persons consider that the Mel- &®Fbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Com- W pany has a character for: ilUberality. I f kno\y it is the modern fashion to whitewash the characters of the most notorious his- toric'M criminals, but .those who. .undertake the .task wait till the facts, have been mellowed down by the charitable hand of time . Mr. .A'Bpckett slipuld.haye kept. peace till "the Govonim t had the lines from the company, and then have left it as a sacred trust to his great grand children, when every' one who ever travelled by the company's' carriages was dead, to writo a vindication' of their great grand father's character in connection with rail way management. But to attempt it rihw, with tho company in existence, and tho travellers by it alive, is too much. Fifty years at the' very least must elapse before any one can bo got to believe in its libera lity. I suppose whoever is- unlucky; enough to hold the position of Commissioner of Public Works during tho , summer , season must be lookedupon as the common enemy. Taking this view of the matter, one can hardly sympathise Svith the sufferings Mr. Fraser 1 must have endured in his interview with the ' representatives Of all the town and suburban municipalities on Wednesday last. The in conveniences that unfortunate householders experienced from tho shortcomings ' of the water supply "were to some extent at least revenged.on the devoted-head of Mr. Fraser, and a9. mayor after mayor rose; and delivered himself of the complaints of his district, the Commissioner must have been able to enter to some extent at least, into the feelings of Macbeth, at the .continued , reappearance of ; the ghost of; Banquo. I would recommend suburban mayors to keep it up. When coatermongers get a raw on their donkeys they leave off poking it anywhere' else, and such a raw as a deputation of this length and strength must create on Mr. Fraser should goad him on where nothing else will. , , i ' - ATTICUS. 