The entertainment ot Mr. Poster — one of the best entertainments of the kind whiph- it has. been our good for tune to. Bee — has roused the anger of those illogical gentlemen, the clergy. "We do not intend to be rude in thus speaking of that very responsible body; an incapacity to reason must be a neces sary to a conscientious priest ; but we cannot help smiling at the pious entan glements of some of tho clerical contri butors to the daily Press. One man says that Mr. Foster is possessed by Satan — that brilliant genius, Dean Macartney, said the same thing of Haidee Heller ; — another reminds us that Elyjias was a sorcerer, and that the Apostles passed a great portion of their leisure time in casting out devils. A " Clergyman" avows his belief in the great truths of Spiritism, and a " Sun day School Teacher" draws a very neat distinction between black and white mafic. Out of the dozen folks who have aired their existence in the news papers, not one seems to have expelled from his argumentative soul that fond belief in the supernatural whidh was taught him by his grandmother. The tViof. flafcrniTiHinfr leur, Mr. Foster, an agent of the devil, and insist that it is impossible for the spirits of those honest tradesmen, their putative fathers, to condesoend to tap upon the table of a publiohouse without ordering liquor, are themselves bound hand and foot to the most debasing superstitions. The great minds who triumphantly point out that Foster has no control over th&ir; gi gantic intellects are devout church- goers, and believe that Enoch went up to heaven in a chariot of fire, that the chief of an obscure tribe of plundering Arabs made the sun stand still, and that nragged fakeer . compelled iron to swim. The clergymen who rebuke the credu lous seers of ghosts,, hold that a dead man three days buried rose, walked, and talked. The logicians who affirm that it is against nature for a table to move without hands, assort that it 'is quite possible for virgins to have children, for pictures to wink, for pieces of bread to become pieces of flesh, and for water to be turned into wine. Now. all these things may be possible — indeed so manygood men have burned so many of their fellow creatures for denying that possibility, that the remnant may be excused for a little credulity — but surely, alter swallowing such a train of vigorous and lofty camels, our clergy need not strain at the minute gna's which hover round Mr.FosTER. As a matter of reason, it is as absurd to admit that a table can walk as it is to admit that iron can swim ; but we cannot, for the life of us, comprehend how a man, who thinks- he will be damned if he does not admit the truth of the one marvel, oan refuse to give credence to the other. As a matter of faith, it is easier to believe that the spirit of a mother hovers about her child, than that five loaves could be multiplied into five thousand. There is no physical law — so far as we know — against tho first marvel, wuile there is an absolute phy sical law against the second. If Samuel could rise from the dead at the command of an old woman at Endor, why should not John Tomkin3 rise from the dead at the command of a young man at Melbourne 7 The laws of the universe have not altered since Saul perished at Gilboa. Either both stories are true, or both are lies. Yet these inconsistent gentry, the " ortho- J<\« niimaHntia " alinira tlin Ana cfftfW UUA UUUSWaUBj WMU j y which is more than 2000 years old, and reject with scorn the other, for the truth of which fifty living persons, resident in Collins- street, are ready to vsuch ! This is not piety, but folly. For our part, we are content to say of Foster as of Haselmayer and Heller — " He is very clever. I saw him perform an apparent impossibility. I don't understand it." If men would merely confess their ignorance they would save so much time. The ex plainers of Foster's tricks make a greater call upon our credulity than does Foster. " Hokor," " H. G. T.," "H. W.," and other intellectual per sons require such an 'apparatus of tombstones, gaslights, lead-pencils, trap doors, and confederates, that the Castle of Udolpho would not hold them. Mr. Foster has lived too long m v Ll its witacu wuiiu ue ut uj such clumsy detectives, and if we ven ture to assert that if the cWer "ex- posers" of this remarkable "mani festation" were to " write on their arms with a blunt peUpil," as many names as those which appeared orj Mr. Foster's limbs, their flesh would rival that- of fl zebra in one sitting. Molhourne is i 1 getting 30 terribly wise, that, there will I soon ho no living in it. What with I Eolectical Societies, Progressive Spi- ritualists, Young Men's Christian ! Associations, and Family Editions of Juvenal and Petronius for Young Women's Classical Colleges, we arc gradually improving human nature off the face of tho earth. It will be refreshing soon to meet with anybody in a condition of healthy ignoranco. Ten years ago Mr. Foster could have done us the honour to nncket our guineas without rouvinu in rent talent ef evory shop- kaojit)! an itoh for scribbling to tho hiWop.ir.oi't-. Now, alas, such is our pernicious state of Wisdom that wo camio., s'-a no exhibition as common in America »- br wife-beating here, with out talking plausible nonsense about " biiiin-raailing," necromany, Jannes, J a.-nbj-oi, and the Devil. W o hope that the clergy, at all events, will dpnse further unveiling the abysmal depths of | their ,jtupi'!ity. Mr. Foster's tricks 1 rtni ho difficult to explain, but ho has ! made »o attempt to tax our credulity I with " wee men tb so profoundly opposed to : i'.;oo:i!n-.nd common sense aB those re markable violations of logic, physics, 