Original Poetry. CAMPING OUT: A BUSHMAN'S RHYMES ON THE ROAD. Pegasus takes a "preliminary" just to show his colours:— Go, little Harp, I fling thee o'er life's main Of troubled waters with contentions rife, The noxious pest of thistles less a bane Than Free-selection and its thorny strife; And, sadder still, the breath of falsehood's stain, A bad ambiguous litigious life. Oh, for a home for us in some sweet wild, Like the old station when I was a child! Go, Pegasus, from thy beat's solitude, The run is gone, so go thy ambling ways; Yet trusting to thy gallant hardihood, Still may'st thou win some nook wherein to graze; 'Tis peace we seek, not sloth and dainty food, We 'scorn delights and live laborious days.' Thy trotting forth portends, like rumbling thunder, A tempest brewing round Jack Land-Bill's blunder. They who intently watch the changing sky, See, when clouds gather, birds oft gathering too, Impell'd by instinct when the storm is nigh, The restless flit athwart the black'ning blue, Then wing their way for safety far or nigh, To some dense woodland which attracts the view— Safe from the elemental strife o'er-head, The tempest rocks them in their roosting bed. So would we fain take wing and flee for rest, Reckless how far or desert be the scene— A rough back block like "Araby the Blest" Shall seem all spice, though there hath never been A mortal foot upon the sod impressed, Except the savage war-dance on the green— Made free by Truth*, cheered up by genial skies, And no mean prigs to pilfer enterprise. . . . . . Pegasus having got his wind, breaks into his regular pace:— Whoever drover turns ere long will find The wildest cattle not the worst to mind, That steadied once or twice they soon become Easy to drive, to watch, least troublesome; While lagging poor ones which would sneak away, And need the whip, and dogging all the day, Will prove at last, when forced to camp them out, By far the readiest to walk about. A trying, weary watch it is to keep Nightly, with broken intervals of sleep; The long lone hours seem lingering on their way, The east oft gazed at, yet no sign of day. "Head back there, woh!" responding from each fire, The crawlers creeping out, the watchmen edging nigher, And, aiming with due caution, strive their best; To pelt them in, yet not disturb the rest. "Back you uneasy, restless, wandering wretch, And on the camp your craving carcase stretch, And learn to feed like others, on the road, You dirt-devouring, poison-bellied toad!" Such are the angry sallies which betimes Escape the watch, albeit not in rhymes: But dreadful oaths which to repeat were wrong, Though softened with the sanctity of song. Now when mild twilight clad in russet grey Ends with gradations soft declining day, Till dusky night her curtain closes round, And darkness hovers with a hush profound, The crackling fires give out a cheerful blaze— But yet no tidings of the tardy drays! In vain the ear is bent to catch the sound Of axles jolting as the wheels roll round. "Another mull, now here's a precious plight, Another case of supperless to-night!" Some sulk, some curse—"Well, where those drays can be," Cries hungry Mick, "a puzzle is to me;" Mick is a growing lad, and cannot bear The sad privation of his wonted fare. Jackson, in reckless mood like men of France, Cries—"Diddle a hornpipe, comrades, and I'll dance;" "Oh darnse, be blow'd," growls Peter, more John Bull, "I like to darnse best with a belly- full." Then mutual blame, denoted "civil growling," Is heard, as senseless sounds as mongrels howling. How strange it seems that men should pleasure take In casting blame about o'er some mistake! A surly dog while mumbling o'er a bone, As cooks add sauce, may well keep grumbling on; But hungry hounds that have no bone to gnaw, What pleasure can they find in so much jaw? I say in mournful mood, not quizzical, "If we succeed it is a miracle; No man call'd practical to organise, And with some tact conduct the enterprise. Worse than a ship at sea when rudderless, The trip mulls in a hugger-mugger mess; Where all "together pull," as sailors say, Method and skill 's the order of the day; Wind fair or foul, full-rigged or shatter'd, still The captain speaks, and all obey his will; But here, like fresh yoked oxen in a dray, Each stubborn blockhead pulls a different way, And when night comes the party's all astray." "Blow out your plumpers, and look fat, my boys," Cries Jackson, catching now the rumbling noise Of axles jolting as the wheels roll round, And with a volleyed roar the snakey thongs resound. The teams draw near, a regular dead pull, The drivers grumbling o'er the drover's bull At travelling twenty miles instead of ten, And swear they never saw such bungling men; These quick retort, their error to defend; "We only drove until we found a bend." Michael, to meet them ere they reach the camp, Runs eagerly, a firestick for a lamp, The prog-bag seizes with a hungry snatch, As anglers try a wary fish to catch; Waits not for cook the supper to prepare, Who likens him in manners, to a bear-- So folks may think who've had their dinner, but Our empty stomachs think our throats are cut. The supper's o'er, the "civil growl" is done, Pugnacious Peter now's the only one, And silence reigns throughout the fire- lit camp; The air is keen, the subtile dew falls damp, And low and fitfully the chilly breeze Sighs through the jostling branches of the trees, That shine like silver, as the moonbeams play Among the leaflets tipt with pearly spray. 'Tis now dead night, and weary nature seems Lull'd, as if never to awake from dreams, As though morn's "breezy call" no more should come To rouse from slumber silent as the tomb; Nought heard except the warrigal's wild howl, That stealthy creeps upon his nightly prowl, And, as he nearer comes, his famished yell Portends some fleecy victim's fated knell. All still as death—alone that dismal sound Keeps pale-faced Superstition looking round, Lest some poor hapless Lubra here hath been Slaughtered by her relentless lord "Buckheen:" For sable beauties, just as sure as whites, Pay dearly for their paramour delights; And these same savage jerrybungs grown jealous, In their revenge are regular Othellos. If unlaid still, what if her ghost should rise From some low mound wherein her body lies, Or, haply from yon hollow spout hard by, Startle the owlet with her wailing cry; And blend, dread thought, her dismal dying groan, In piteous concert with the wild dog's moan? To keep his courage up, the watchman trims His midnight fire, and adds some broken limbs; To solace him the quart's put down to boil, To make the beverage of nightly toil. Tea-bag in hand, he watches wistfully Until the water bubbles for the tea: "And ye shall know the Truth, and the Truth shall make you free."—John, ch. viii., v. 32. At last it boils, 'tis made and left to draw, Now drawn, 'tis brew'd, as brewer never saw; While poured from pint to quart impatient he Ventures a sip to try its quality. "Thou 'blest restorer' when the watch seems long, 'Tis just the thing, a rough'n hot and strong;" And then as each reviving gulp goes down, Thus strives to make the grateful influence known: "Sweet pot of tea, thy comfort who can tell, Save they who watch and feel thy quick'ning spell, When drowsy vigils with a deadening pain, Gnaw at the heart that needs thee to sustain, And warmth impart, and solace at an hour When night winds chill, and sleep exerts his power, Sleep, dull-eyed god, who longs his lids to close, And, toil forgot, to sink in soft repose." The quart is drain'd, night trailing drags along, To while the time the watchman sings a song— TEA VERSUS WINE. Drink to me only with thine eyes, And mine shall pledge to thee, Or leave a kiss but in the quart And I'm content with tea. Let Bacchants quaff their ruby wine, Let wine inspire their song, Give me that rosy pledge of thine In sky-blue hot and strong. And though 'tis said I take too much Crushed crystals in my tea, Let thy sweet lips the quart but touch, 'Tis sugar'd, love, for me. Camped in the woods, when night winds chill, And dim the night watch fire, That precious pledge of thine can still With love's pure warmth inspire. Lean warrigals may prowl around, Grim vengeful buckheens glide, I'll pay no heed to sight or sound, So thou art by my side. On sportive wing night hours shall fly Without the aid of wine, Whilst my quart old solacer is by Crown 'd with that pledge of thine. Then drink to me only with thine eyes, And mine shall pledge to thee, Or leave a kiss but in the quart, And I'm content with tea. The bushman next prepares his pipe to light The wonted beacon of the dusky night; And as he fines the weed within his palm, Sniffs with delight th' anticipated balm. Then as he puffs the vapour to the skies, Breathes after it these rapturous eulogies— "Grateful as waters in the desert spring Thy odours rise, thou dear essential thing, In clouds that blown from "ladies' twist" divine, To praise them needs more polish'd verse than mine. Or when with "honeydew" we charge thy bowl, What soothing dreaminess pervades the soul! And, last resource when better can't be had, E'en good "colonial" does not whiff so bad. I watch the curling vapours melt in air, So vanish 'neath thy spell the clouds of care. Like mountain mists shot through with orient beams, They vanish, and give place to golden gleams. Thought-tranquillising spell, beguiler dear Of weary watchfulness I hail thee here, And should success await my journey's end, Think not that I'll discard thee, good old friend, Thy vapours still shall rise, and that fair she Who calls me lord must homage pay to thee, And my just indignation too shall feel If she dare hint, thou art not quite genteel. Thou loyal friend by night as well as day, My own black pipe dear jetty gem of clay!" Thus ends the eulogy, as to the heel The pipe is smoked: again the watchmen feel A slumberous weight upon their senses steal, And to the east is turned the gaze-ful eye-- No brightness yet relieves the dusky sky, Yet now comes on, and welcome though 'tis keen, That freezing colder than the night hath been. The night reluctant to be overborne, Would yet impede the rosy steps of morn; The breeze invoked exerts its chilling might, Yet only serves to aid the cause of light, For with that chilly blast the morning star Proclaims himself the day's bright harbinger-- Sure pledge of day whose course appears begun In emulation of the lordly sun. At dawn he "tricks his beams," and takes his rise, And like a sun rules o'er the morning skies. And soon with well-timed pause and measured word The cuckoo's farewell song to night is heard In drowsy sadness stealing o'er the ear, As though she grieved to see the light appear; That lucid lightness beautiful and clear Which keeps expanding as recedes the night, And, as it wider spreads, still grows more bright, Till streaks of varied hue the skies adorn, And trips along the east the jocund morn— Sometimes all purple, I have seen her too Come in transparent yellow-looking hue, Dappled with clouds that take a warmer flush, Like a girl's cheeks when tinged with love's first blush— The dear ecstatic glow fresh from the heart, Hath it a rival, or a counterpart? Through life's strange chequered scene and care- worn lot Our "love's young drsam" is never quite forgot; The maid that first at mention of a name Owned with a conscious glow the hidden flame, Who never spoke, yet with a glance confess'd A bright glad glance, love's dawn within the breast, And with a clasp, gentle yet fond, revealed The rapture bashful art in vain concealed, Long years may roll, and fate, or death divide The lives that might have flowed one blissful tide; Still is the first-loved form for ever dear; Still at her name will start the unbidden tear, While memory's glance still brings—the barmaid and the beer. BUSHMAN. 