TM P4TOKD HOITSB REAB j HAMP8TEAJ). Bt DtTDiy CoerBLia. I Demon, Ghost, Or Ghoul— what is it ? L . , iv M.':?/. . . . ; !; Un toe summit pi one of those nndnlitiaM 1 which ffentity swell no every ride from Hempstead heath houses isomewhst ffo tastically oenfetruoted. t Bee at a .qistanflw; torn house i -fonns a kiiri d landmark, its battfomcnta and ffying buttraw makiBg it a conspicuous object iu the view.f: , Butlt fe oniy frcto A flislainm Hat tow hems oan be well stoD, for on a nearer approach toshigb road sipks bfehtoto a bank bordered by dark |r trees, which Bewly surronndthe domain aadgiw toe plaice, on ite only aooessible side/a very gloomy appearance. - Aboftt twenty years ago this cheerless aspwt waa greatiy inormtsed hy neglect. At the eoMW was a lpdge wLmti Afiff been half buik and tbin aMmdajned ;. tw'o.tall pillars were toeee, wijh fro .goto between tfiem, and a broadqpen track rstktt than a road let up to toe Jtiouie.tted ftowh wtf green with thedunp that streaked its stuccoed walls, j Thefo indioatoms of a newly-erftoted dwelfeg warn confirmed -fry everything around. , grounds were all isx . disorder, the sfembberim thinly J planted, toe garden walks rongh as® ragged U near toe portico lay fragments of a fritec that hqd Uever fifemi put up; tos ekeletoB <rf gigantm V oonswoty displayed ita hngc te riba ; a large Stone basin , intended for a fruuti remaiimd waterless ; nothing seemed finishs and toe general impression wis tht of a g W undertfdgBndd glpHwgy Ardmcke, wh<b speoulatiiig wildJy, had Isfied in a Arilat wmmerrtiaf pamin Mr. Aidmore'fr ;£?® f." cr$, whobmethe Ardxp re House/wteMaSe whs mWi easily nto his handfe. " .- The new proprietor/also a broker, ana eoo. been a > itwedM, might snimdyv hiTf r6fr ha i no gs 1 : lay ou a single shilling on i mtranoeirjplj lh |g®j I rnTiatetiot of Ardmore House was rather more I tLtarv then its outside promised. A good I firf money hod been spent in making it I 'tLhto > K the fflftnhonfeitor haStokfortune, I j a hld;"tO liVetherej ' It ie trde lie did not I f «ih it.bUt & for as bo bod prec66d«,itwB I SlS nn Wy completely. Mr.Ardcoore, like I MMOPk who make money with I tan itho they may— was fond of decoction, I 2 the ftahion of thedsybeing Sn favour of I SJhic rt. the (3othio style prevailed ; all the I m» downstairs were panelled with oak, light I T filtered through narrow casements, the I Wftiaeei were long and lark, the staircases wide I cl beavy with cumbrous and grotesque carving, I Sfcst Jit- Ardmore might have "done1 with the I noer room8 could only bo guessed at, for the ruin I overtook him had left thorn bare. This I gttered little, however, to old Dick Orowther, I «bo found sPace eJ10U£!b helow for his own oc I conation and that of his family. I Ibat family consisted only of himself and five I .grants : an elderly housekeeper, two young I ffoaien, who divided the household work between I tbe®i a gardener, and a groom, who, when not in his I (able, was employed in all sorts of ways in-doors. I larger family than this might have tenanted I fljmore House, had its owner bo willed it, for I oH Dick Oro wther was neither childless nor I wilbout relations. But he lived apart from his I 0n kindred, having quarrelled with and discarded I bit enly sod, a young man of seven or eight-snd- iffenty, who, in opposition to his commands, had married a beautiful but penniless girl ; as for his relations, they were all in straitened circumstances -a reason quite sufficient with him not to notice them ; and for acquaintance, he made none, receiving visits from nobody except the man of law jg irhom he put his trust. Though not absolutely a miser, old Dick Grdalber was what is called " cIobo." He had realised by his own exertions every farthing of his Urge fortune, and occupied in making money all bis life, feib no inclination. to dpehd it. Neither yas he fitted by temperament to dissipate any j part of bis means by seeing company or mixing yrith society. He was of a morose and malicious | nature, had always a sour or spiteful word for ererybody, and those who had business to transact with him were never so well pleased as when their tela ess was over. But it was not necessary for | him to speak to declare hie oharacter ; the face of ! old Dick Orowther left none in doubt, if any faith vers to be placed in physiognomy, what manner o( man they had beore them. His figure was spare and under the middle ' height, and a habit of stooping made him look I mucti shorter than he really was ; his arms were so disproportionately long that his wiry fingers reached bo low his knees, while his lower limbs | sere bowed and short ; yet with these apparent I disadvantages he possessed great strength and activity, and even advancing years did not seem to greatly diminish these qualities. But you almoet j forgot his ungainly form when you looked upon bis face— it was of such exceeding ugliness. His email, gleaming eyes were deeply sunk in his bead, and buried beneath a brow ' villainously low' that receded at a rapid angle ; his nose wss nearly fiat, his upper lip very long, his moutlfwide but compressed, deep wrinkles furrowed his sallow I checks, and hie chin was lost in a fringe of white I whisker which encircled bis jaws from ear to ear : I what tad been the oolour of his hair was a mystery I ol th« past, for within the recollection of man he I had always worn a short, stiff set wig, which the I many whom he had played false in the oourse of I bis dealings said— when he was out of hearing— j was the only real thing about him. j tor three years after taking possession of Ard j more Houee, old Dick Crowther kept the even I tenor of his way, making life unoomfortable to his few dependants, who dreaded alike to see or I hear him, yet who lingered on in his service, in the hope— common enough with the class — that he would leave Lhem something when it should please the Lord,' as they said, to remove him I irom thu world ! Ibat event appeared, to them especially, a long while in coming j but the muoh- desired token carue at last. At the end of the third year, when I iue word ' unbearable,' as applied to their roaater'a oonduot, was freely circulated through ..houee, and 'warning' was 011 every servant's j "Pi old Dick Orowther was taken ill. Occ cold December afternoon, iuet as it woe j 8e big dusk, the front door bell of Ardmore i ouie was rung several times in quick succession, Mil with unusual violence, and Thomas, the ; groom, hurrying up, found that his master's B»gerness to get in was the cause of the nasty aummons. There was just light enough for him o Bee that old Dick Orowther, generally so calm 2 , L , ' in a 8tate of extreme agitation, poked, to use Thomas's phrase, quite r ' answer to the question if anything , e Matter, Mr. Orowther said he. ftnj pecn standing about too long in the ground e thought he had caught a chill j he should be wnfc n?. ,ou)t) aler a glass of hot brandy ana r» whito he desired might be sent up to him once. He delivered this order with so little of customary harshness — it sounded even gently i inr 0lnafl 8 earis — that the groom was filled with i of Hnc became that evening the subject hou " k coniment in the kitchen, Mrs. Jcnes, the ' ihnnfwL' exPrea8ing it as her opinion that she o not be astonished ' if something happened.' Mr n aB a ue prophet, for when she called had owt"er net morning he told her he had i est kl,Tery bad night, and thought, if he did no? I ..eri800n, he most have a doctor : he would bon l 1 bowover » tto® uncomfortable senea could not well describe them — might ay if he stayed quietly in bed. iadtorl Drowther to keop his bed was In » ,8 wonder, ana would have made a jubilee ter,6 ®0Use tbafc day if something nays- fhers no been attached to tne circumstance, a lo.,1? mL® talk in tbe kitchen, but it was in pemHor)0nei 7ae ordinary, as if a sense of dread ®nt household ; and when one or other brouBu ! ?6fcen ttt ' master's door, the report, ai Lil- was iDVoria% to the effect that he «ivn nt himself, whidh Thomas said was1 ln of hl8 1 going into 11 yridm ' tn0re !®utCMC0!1Ktry 8«®roed,however, to be bis away p ® de8tinat!ion» for> the day wore BurfT 0 er beoame ®widonfciy worse. "Udder, ' 6tra,ntrembngs and sortings ail ol a , Mrf J0','1 jet ... ® "crsBwk.'u 7ndthat 18C piraciam when he gave of Hamn.1 5 ?U mis'U haTo heard on the top 'ken la, "oathi was most awful ! I told hin thont8 be ougfat ft' to «ee the doctor 8 00 ?ore delay» which lie agreed to it with John'. 1 80 Thomas you must ride off to St. ua 8 wood and fetch the nigheet.' Iff T » , ' a?vi<./bad aot hen token too ' lifinai T i le medical man arrived, whose of distress— its " coloured lamp — -had caughti Thomae'e eye w hs galloped up the ffinchley fO»d| be did "What most doctors generally do in thtrfii'stTtfttauoelooked gtoVe, arid shddk>! hisheacl; flint tl " ,TC! ; . 1 Pmse/ Wdd'Mr. Gorrick, pfghsitig Bhd ejabiila-' ting— f pulse eoff and weak-ciroulation lan&Md; — rigojir— animal heat deficient — voice feeble-- hny coukh'P— hbm— ha !— debility— yes, a good Seal of debility— muBtn't fast too long— shouldn't be expoted to cold — dangerous at a certain time of life— stimulants necessary— send something to do good — meantime, Mrs. Jones — kind enough— nice|beef -tea— soon as possible— half an hour after, glass of old port Wine — medicine at bedtime, that is to say, usual hour — needn't be uneasy — only want restoratives— do very well see him in the thorning.' Having comforted his patient, Mr. Gorrick left the room, followed closely by Mrs. Jones, who, wanting something a little stronger in the way of opinion to descant upon down stairs, asked him, whbn she was fairly outside, what he really thought of her master's condition. c Tou have lived here some time P' inquired Mr. Gorrick in reply. « ' Not here, but with Mr. Orowther going on for five and twenty years.' ' Tben I don't mind telling you, ;Mrs. JoneB, that I suspect'— he leaned forward, and whispered — " I suspect the heart is affected t what we term " dilatation with attenuation." How old is Mr. Crowther P' 1 Eighty .one, sir, next birthday.' ' Hum — ha ! See he takes what I send. Good night, Mrs. Jones. Call early to- morrow.' No ! said Mrs. -1 ones to herself, as she closed the door on Mr. Gorrick, ' he's wrong there. Nothing ever affected Ais heart. Look at Master JameB and his youDg family — poor starving things !' Whether it were the beef- tea, the port wine, the medicine, a combination of all three, or the gradual fading away of the exciting cause of illness, is unoertein, but Mr. Crowther seemed better on the following day. The symptoms, Mr. Gorrick said, were alleviated, and his patient, encouraged by his words, turned his thoughts, from the fear which had possessed them, into their old channel. There was a sum of money lying at hi banker's — doing nothing, as he grumbled— about investing which he Was anxious. He must consult Mr. Vowles, his attorney, respecting the security which had been offered for a loan at a high percentage, and though not well enough to get up— that after all did riot signify, he could transact business where he lay as well as in his chair — a message was despatched desiring Mr. Vo wles's immediate attendance. In the course of the afternoon the lawyer made his appearance, and was shown at once into his patron's bed chamber, a locality which there is a reason for describing. It was a spacious and lofty apartment, dimly lit, in the dark December weather, by a single pointed window in a deep embrasure, with solid mullions and diapered panes. The walls were wainscoted ; an immense oaken press occupied one end of the room j on the third side yawned a wide chimney piece, built for burning wood on the hearth, on which some large logs were blazing brightly ; and on the fourth side stood a bed of Elizabethan dimensions, carved and ornamented in Elizabethan fashion, with the addition of much damask drapery that swept in heavy folds to the floor ; a massive table covered with a thick cloth, and numerous high-backed chairs, completed the furniture of the apartment, where all was, to a great extent, in uniform sombre keeping. We need not occupy ourselves with the details of the conversation between Mr. Orowther and his attorney, so far as it referred to the invest ment of the old man's superfluous cash ; but that which followed, having a direct relation to the events which afterwards occurred, requires to be told. And now, sir,' said Mr. Vowles, ' this matter being settled, I think, to your satisfaction, perhaps it may not be amiss, since I am here, if we go a little into the other business you were speaking of the last time I had the pleasure of attending.' Old Dick Orowther, who sat propped np with pillows, his long arms resting on the oounterpane, like sentinels over the papers which be had just examined, cast a sharp glance at the attorney, but he did not make an immediate reply. Mr. VowleB therefore returned to the charere. If you remember, sir,' he began—— 1 know, I know,' testily exclaimed Mr. Orowther ; 'you mean the will. Tm not likely to forget that.' ' Ob no, Bir, of course not. Only I thought I would just name it.' 'Tou thought! Did you think of anything el Be P My illness, for example ?' ' Well, sir,' hesitated the attorney— you knew, sir, you have been — a little — what shall I say ? — indisposed — and— and ' I might be carried off in a hurxy before you got what you wanted. Was that it ?' ' Mr. Orowther ! I assure you ' The eld man laughed satirically. Don't tell me any lies. I know you. If I didn't, you'd never have done for me. So you think I bad better make my will ! But, I tell you what, Vowles, Fm not so bad as you fanoy. I feel quite well again.' ' I'm delighted, sir, to hear you say so. All I meant was that it might be prudent to guard against accidents. They will happen, yon know, sir, to the very etroogest, and with your large property, consider, sir — if you left no will, all of it would go to the very person who— if I under stand you rightly— you don't wish to succeed to it.' ' Don't wish !' almoet screamed the old man. | Curse him ! He shan't have it ! He shan't have it, I tell you ! Do you hear ? He shan't have il !' ' In that case, sir ' ' In that case P Ah ! that confounded ebiver and spasm! Well, you're right. We had better go to work. Give me yonder box from the table beside you !' Mr. Orowther unlocked it with a key which hung from » chain round his neck. ..He took out some papers, looked at what was written on the back of one of them, unfolded it, and read it through. When he had uone, he handed it to the attorney and toldriim to do the same. Mr. Vowles eagerly obeyed, but after devouring two or three lines, he suddenly stopped short, and buface became white as ashes. Old Dick Crowther, who watched him intently, gave way to an exulting burst of laughter. What !' be cried, you thought you had lost your chance 1 Ha ! ha ! ha ! Look at the date, man— look at the date. Mr. Vowles hastily turned Lhe lea. 'I see, sir, he said, with an effort to recover frimself, ' It is a will — drawn up— and witnessed —tan yeart ago— in favour of your only son— r. ' WV will revoke it in a moment, Vowles. Tou that fire ! I needn't tell you what to wr "The attorney skipped across the room and thrust $ap«tf)iftwtofae blkxing loge, beadi MW them' till it was entirely' consumed. " r "'a' 'St ave o®ared the .ground' noW,' rbsriihed old Dick Orowther, If your nerves are steady ®hdugh, 1 take peri arid paper and write to my dictation ; if not, never mind, another time %ill suit me. ' Oh no, sir, no— now, now,' urged the at torney, breathless again, but from a different oaose. 4 I'm quite ready, sir — quite.' " We'll make it short, Vowles. ' The Bhorter, sir, the better.' Old Dick Crowther then, in a steady voice, set forth his intentions, in that last will and testa ment which the eager attorney rapidly penned. Divested of all technicalities, the document declared that the testator bequeathed to his only son James the sum of one shilling, as a reward for filial obedience,' and to ' Martin Vowles, Ghent., one, eto., the whole of his real and the residue of hie personal estate, after the aforesaid legacy and all the testator's just debts were paid. Mr. Vowles, when he laid down the pen, thought it necessary to make a speech. ' Your bounty, your goodness, Mr. Crowther, will ever be engraved on a grateful heart. I want words, sir, to express — ' ' Don't trouble yourself to look for 'em, Vowles,' interrupted old Dick Crowther. ' Shall I tell you why I have made you my heir ?' 'JLhave no merit to plead, sir, except the desire to serve you faithfully. 'No merit. Yes, you have, Vowles. You have one merit that exceeds any your modesty keeps in the background. I leave you my money because'— how the old man enjoyed the attorney's suspense — ' because — you are the greatest scoun drel I ever knew in all my life !' And. with another burst of laughter the old man fell back exhausted on his pillow. Unpalatable as w&b; the compliment, Mr, Vowles swallowed it, there being no one by to » see the dirt he ate. ' Who shall we have, Bir, to witness it ? he asked, as soon as old Dick Crowther had left off laughing. 'Anybody; call Jones and Thomas. They'll do, I Buppose ? 'Perfectly, sir — perfectly!' The housekeeper and groom were summoned, and the paper being doubled back to hide the contents, old Dick Crowther affixed hie name to it; the act was witnessed by Jane Jones and Thomas Hedges, and they were dismissed. ' Give me the paper,' said Mr. Orowther. Mr. Vowles handed it to him. He ran his eye over it, muttering to himself the while. ' One shilling — yes — a shilling's worth of sugar plums for his brats. Or a bonnet string for his wife. She's a fine lady, they say. A shilling to buy her a ribbon !' Something more followed. PerhapB another compliment to Mr. Vowles, but it was inaudible. Perceiving that he had read it through, the attorney held out his hand to receive hack the will, but if he had formed the hope of keeping it in bis custody, he was disappointed. ' No,' said Mr. Oro a ther, ' it will be safer here than anywhere else. Besides, I may want to look at it again.' And he put the will under his pillow, and lay down on it, like a ' gryphon over the guarded gold.' Vowles,' said he, ' you may go ! I don't want you any more now. Mind you bring me those se curities to-merrow. Good night !' By this time the evening was far advanced, and though the attorney took leave of his patron, he did not leave the house. It was usual with Mr. Vowles now and then to take a bed there, and on this occasion the thought struck him thatit would be better if he remained where he was. Mrs. Jones sent him up some Bupper ; he made himself comfortable, and by ten o'clock all the inmates of Ardmore House were hushed in repose. m. What was that shriek in the dead of then%ht that woke every one from Bleep in Ardmore Houbo, crying, ' Woe ! woe !' in accents the shrillest that ever startled human ear ?' The attorney -eaped up and sat trembling, for the sound came upon him in the midst of a dream, wherein the preparation of the iniquitous will which he had counselled was being re- enacted — with this addition, that the heir whom he had despoiled was there, striving to wrest the paper from his grasp, while old Dick Crowther's mock ing laughter rang in his ears. He listened, fearing to hear the cry again, but it was not re peated, and trusting that indigestion only had caused his alarm, he tried to compose HimiwU once more to sleep. Conscience, however, was too wakeful : in one short minute, as he lay there — a minute that seemed interminable — all the worst and meanest acts of his life came crowding into his thoughts, combat as he would agajnafc them. To drive them away he sat up, and then he fancied ho heard a noise, as if somebody were in the passage. He listened more intently, and felt sure he heard a footstep, bat he was too frightened to ask who was there, dreading something he knew not what. He held his breatn, but for a time everything was stilL At length— the inter val appeared long to him, though it was brief in reality, another cry arose, echoing through the houee, a cry unlike the first, but almost as piercing. It was a woman's voice screaming for help, yet the coward did not stir : bathed in a cold perspiration, he shrank down in bed, covering his heaa with te clothes. ' Help, help ! my master ! my master !' Immediately afterwards there was a sharp knocking at the attorney's bedroom door. ' Oh, Mr. Vowles— pray, sir, get up and come tnis way. I am afraid Mr. Crowther is dead.' 1 Dead !' gasped Mr. Vowles. ' I— I— I haven't a light.' Then some impulse getting the better ot his fear, he cried, ' Stay, stay, don't go away — I— I— will join you directly. Ia nobody there but you, Mrs. Jone6?' , But she was now appealing to others for aid, £he two maid-servants, the groom, and the gardener had rushed upBtaire, all but the last more or less soared. Mr. Vowles heard them hurry past his door, and remembering that in a multitude there is safety, he huddled on hie clothes as well as he could, and made hiwite after them. When Mr. Vowles entered the room where the servants were assembled, lie saw at a that Mrs. Jones's apprehension was verified. There lay old Dick Orowther on his back, rigid assume: in his last agony his head had slipped from the pillow and hung over the aide of the bed. Death, however, as it seemed, had not taken him without some warning. He had ap- parently wrestled with the dark shadow— perhaps endeavoured to ring for assistance—for the bed Clothes were disordered, and one of the curtains Was partly torn down, the old man's left hand ttill clutching the folds that were gathered round his head. .Had he been taken with an ague fit in the first instance, and left his bed to warm himself ? It appeared likely, for the embers were seattered Over the hearth. And, finding the fire extin guished, had crept back again, and the death pains had seized him. This was Mrs, Jones's belief. What did Mr. Vowles think ? Only one idea possessed the mind of Mr. w /iwlos /alri 1 liah tlaawtlij.!. m, j - 1. . Mat a/iv VVvf vuva W Hfi UUAU | UVj JWI f. Vowles, was his heir. Capricious and deceitful the old man might have been, but the suddenness of his death had prevented the possibility of his altering his will. Wasting no time therefore on useless oonjec- tureB, Mr. Vowles rushed to the bed, and, .lean ing on the corpse, thrust bis hand under the pil low. But that which he sought for he sought in vain. The will was not there ! Who had removed it ?- -Bentlev's Misoellanv. (to be continued.) 