A. KING. WHO COULD. DO wRON G. It bad been too much the custom to look on 3ames-the Hiret, as a mere buffoon. Sir Walter Scott, with the cbivalrous feel; ingot a cavalter, came to his rescue. and? elevated him to tl-a dim!ity of a pedant. .He endowed him with tood humour, wit, and the easy fasili-.oity w'bhih makes moonarhbs and gre at ment so popular. Then came other ioquirera, and :-.umaged amidst the records of contemporary sycophancy, and f. untI- ermtnr s declaring him to be a British S luoumn,.and dedicz tions of learned books pronouncing him to be the best tf scholars-and most elegant of writers. He was- evidently on the rise leed we been mist akan all this time ? and was heaindeed the wie and just and ac oompli?hed prince, m?:.m court chaplains could only parallel i, the line of. Hebrew kings ' LHis leafy hol, urs wers blushing thick about him, ti.l one day comes a frost, a biting frost. A: certain laborious lawyer,. byname M1r Pithcairn, ransacks all the legal procredeings of his rei. o, gives transcripts of-trials, tIe very words of the accusations, and-the sentences-of the jory ; and the man- stands- confest the most "bloodthirsty, greedy, sad contemptible of all recorded kings. H"tw a monster, of such cruelty could- be laughed. at, how ever absurd his manuer and appearance; \- how a mountebank so grotesqpe could be feared, however vin lictive and tyran sical, is one of the prublems which carry us- back to the times of Nero, when senate and people al iplauded his wretched !performances on the flute,.and trembled at the slightest move ttnut of his hand. It was- again pussiblo to lear and to despise at the same timne.. We will cu!l a f, w e-rmples of: tha tuuigled meanne,· a os ler. ti'3 ,.icil pr - duced these inc,-,t u iu- r? u.t,. On the tenth ntI t ).: -o-r,.0l the year oix teen hundred,.a ., L,n w: t urges. uladlt, t-urgh was putn N his s 1,al ty the king's express colr,usand. 1U.s crime had been so g eat,.that monareby itself was ruenager Sed by it ;. au; the great heart of the Sct tish ruler was agitated sith tie fate of kings,. . - raucia Tennant was- arraigned in the ffuluwi,,g turds:-" le are indited and accused for the fa s,. malicioue- undutiful Writing and disericg gofL slanderous,.cal uomnioue, aid reproacuful letters,, to the disbonoorad the king's majesty,. his most 14 bl1 progelitors, council,. and proceed Sib?s.ad stirrwizg up of sedition.and eon tempt in the hearts of his seutbjells gai his majesty,-which letters ye laid down in the kirk of Edinburgb, to the effect the same: might have faieu in the hands of the peple ; thereby to bring his ma?esty to contempt, and stir up his purple to sedition aid ditbedience, .rprealy against the iaws and Ia:i_ makers, and authours of sediti-?us and amou.s speech s aso writing. W'1hicb ye cannot teny, like as ye have contest the same by two several ,ltp .,-it i - . "'ýtribed w itn yo.urneu d." Fa! , - raft n 01W I From some vague entries in one of the 1 registers, he oe.ieves they muet have con tained s'me severe inaendos on the 1 b:rth of the king, calling him- the sCn of Signor Davie, by which name tiir.o was i commonly known. But arzatever the satire might have beeu, the publicatio!n can have done no great harm, as it con sisted in drCoping two letters on the . church l. d, r, which seem to have been i.media:ely picked up before they fell i:'a the bands of the people. Francis 1 Tennat made confession of awthorship, and put himself, as it wocalled, in the king's will-that is, threw him self on the royal clemency, afrer pteadlng c that the crime occurred three years before e and that he had not been served with a capy of the accuss?tion, He also asiuded to a nt ble seuten:.e in the Roman law, C which it is a pleasure to quote. I thech:,ter, Si qnis LIperatori .Ma3i9s dixzerit, tie decisn int tints, " If the evi F se..king procee-iei- from levity, it is to be despised if frcm m.tduess, it is to be - pitied ; it from a sense ot wroc. it is t(e be forgiven." But whether in this case it proceeded from levity, or madness, or a sense of wrong, a the king was- determined on t his revenge. Ile wrote a warrant to t the court to pronounce doom on Francis a Tennaut. Ie-ad the bitter words and re- c member the ofence. Jost:ce, Justice- 2 cie k, and your Deputes. We greet you r well. It is our will, and we commasd you, that upon the sigut hereof ye pronouuce c the doom followinug upon Francis Ten-i nant, Burgess of Elit'bnrgh,. after his t conviction of the torging and casting r down of seditiuus pauquiis-that is to i say,.'l hat he shad be taCen to the market- cross of Edinburgh,. and his tongue cut ! out at the runt ; and that there shali be c a paper fixed upon his brow bearing that 1 he is convicted for furging and giving t cut of certain tle and seditious pa- cails , detracting us and our most noble proge- " nitors; and thereafter that he be taken to F the gallows and hanged till be be dead, a as ye will answer. to us upon your ofices c and obedience. Whereanent tbeae i presents_ sbahl be your warrant." This was dated thetwenty- third day of t September. In three o- four days s calmer and softer thoughts came into the C king's mind.. He re?ected,.probably,.on i. the length co time which had occurred' since the pasQuinade was written, or the t sufferings of the poor author d"ritg hi~s long imprisonment; and-generous, noble - James !-he writes on the twenty-seventh to his subservient judges, " that they are to omit the tnngue-cutting, and merely - hag. the culprit--e.cheating his goods to the .rows.' .Ay, here is the moving power in all the n:terferences of this ez emplary sovereign with the counre of justice. :r Patcsirn, wLo defends the king's character whterever he can, ,ives him up here. " Indepeudent of his wouaded kingiy digr:ity," he says. " the wealthy bnrges' a e:.-e-tcbhad provrs too great a bait to James's cupidity to admit of his passing scot-free." What the arena, with the excitement of its gladitt-ri.l combats, was to the. Roman eumprors, the curts of law were to the s~on .-f S-gr;.r LDvie. U.s seems to have wa caetI t wi.h i nithe kleen interest with- atlch Celigaua may have obsetced the 'V.rggles of . Christian martyr in the graspof a tiger. He was per emually in a fidget till he got his victim condemned. His judges were removable at pleasure, and not displeased with the taste of blooa. So khing and lawyer were mutualy p:eased. One day--i was the twenty-third of.. :April, sixteen hundred and one-there was excellent sport provided for the Lord's anointed, as he called himself,, and ,the dispensers of jus ice in the Parliament hbose.. The blood of Eraeis- Tennant waastil dripping from his hands, when his wrath was roused by a much greater enormity than the mere publicatiou of a pasquil;. an enormity so great, that nothing but the doer's death could sepiate the offence. The ,ffence,.to be sure, was unpremeditated. It was not even carried*' into ezecutio ; but the man had shewed an intention of committing the crime he would have completed the drLadful act it le had not been pr.ve.ited-bud that was enougib. Archibald Cornwall was hneeof thetown Sofficers of Edinburgh. -i a dutie- a e:n to . have resembled those of a bailiff at the present time. Some unfortunate tenrant :I had falien Iuto ar-e.rts for renit,. and the :. relentless hand cf the law had seized this t, man's guods-chLirs, benches, tables, bed,i s and, unfortuatlely for poor C'oriwall n 'who Was lerlaps no grat judge of ftie dI rts) a " p.rtreitour' of the klng. Let \- us hope it was hdeously like, and did g justice to the truculent il.significanceef -expression of the great or-agnl. :. While :o the worthy official was preparit g to di-i :u pose of the goods by austiou at the market e cross, it stru k him that if this splebdid id penims-n o. painting c uld be seen by the \- crosd assembled, he might have a chance is of getting a few extra shillings when its v turu canme to be sold. He therefte got a ig hammer and a nail, and-was in the act of a going towards-a certain tall, dark, dismal is looking beam which stood close to the 1t rostrum he occupied, for the purpose of s hbangiug the reprressntation of- majesty ie high enough to be viewed bya!l. What ; was this-tall upright beam, with the pro et jecting arm anid the remain of a piece of if cord dangliig from it in the air 1' Some if trlends stopped the auctioneer from mak \- nlog use of the fatal tree. The hammer ;was put back-in its place-the nail left iu d nocunous in the wood. What ! is Janies to be disappoioted of his veungleauce . Is hbe y to have no blood ? Listen to ths "dit a tay," or accusation :.- S"Ths which day Archibald Corawall, \- one of the town officere of. Edinburgh, t being eut'red on panuel, dilatetl,acused, e and pursued fur the treaesouasble anua ignominious dishonouring andt defaming, a si far tn him lay,. of our sovereigu lord, te lKi,, r'- m I.-,y.. by takil,,ir of hi llg..'., ,-at ure to " th- u'lic \- nmarket place of this burgh, and tre.e .Lesmefuly and vilely setting the samne to s the setops and uibearers of the ibbert; 0 and it more, nod manifest,.and tr.easonable \- ceunteumpt and disdain of his maje ty1.be \- stood up upon a-board or form- beside the f said gibbet,. and drove a nail therein,.so high as he ouuld reach it,.and lifted up his a HLighness's portrait aforesaid, and held the i same upon the gibbet, pressing (intend iug) to have hungthe same thereon, and \- to have left it there as an iguouinious s spectacle to the whole world,. if he had Snot been staid by tihe indignation of the \- whole people, mreeircg to stone him to death,.and pulling him perforcefrom the The jury fund toe unt;itd?i :: " guil-y cf setting his 31ajesr'S aportrait to the tram or beam of the gibbet, and presenting of the same to be hung high op ,n a rail intze?i in the -mi gibe:." Slud !,th comns the :emr;·ccer wbhich sect astme reo:cing honme :-" For the which S-ýu.e ^te said court. decerue.l and ordain jd the sji i 'ercaibaid Cornwall to forreit if- lands, and goods (Oho he was a wealhy man, this bl.t-') and to be -:ken to the s.aidt gibbe:. wheroupon he iu :,.ei t, hang his H? otyi s portrait, add -_rsea to ie tulg-cd ul; Ie be dead,. and h Iag t?:'cui,": by d:e spasc of tweat-. Ict; hobur: :vith . a p.e3 .) t, his forehea.l Conta.:i. :hsa vile crime coa:mitr"3 by him." I The ca-ef::l editcr o th'te cL-iouc trial informes u-, "h. Jam?es nook a deep and .ctive p..'- in the deatih of hs p"1r man; and that otn 1 ? o.'oi..-ns the siightest in fr. ctio On ,-is t,:O:all dir.: yv was never :orpr:: .?Sa. woe r- as-he advxacul. in "cars he extended hisguard ianhip of his indi, ideal honour to that of his native i land. Touch a Scotchman, wtt had the king for ~ur enemy; and at that time, whea?ill the scum aud outpouring of the north forced it-`way into every ucrann and corner of England, his majesty had quite enough to do to restrain the reproaches and inee?, asd animosities oS his rewr and !sC= obed;ent subjects. It was with diffi cu::y the Scotch of all ranks and degrees t ?o.!d be protected from personal violence. r They were mobbed in theatres,, and blm- pceiCd in pro-e and verse. But woe to r the is:nl.ooner it he were discovered. t T::ere was a bliated jester in. WYitehell, d , ith a broad Sco:ch brogue, hith the c antiry of a ,7o-tit ts.d: the rmtelevoien:e of a :, c:vard, whi reseted any depreciato-v al3uiiols to his ancient kitgdom as insults I to himself and attacks on his sovereign fi power.. There appeared one day in the r streeteof Edintburgh a Poli-h gentlemn n t of.the name of S:ercufl (Latinised into a ?terco0ius); He travelled, in hi. b tational garb,.as he had probably done in c the other enl:tghened capitals v of- .lurope ;. but , the Scottish f people, with an instirctive p.rsuasion that C nobody could visit their cold and inboa- 6 pit:rble laud without some sinister object, insulted the foreigner wherever lie ap. s peared. They. hooted-hie-oracountof h nis dress, and of course despi-ed him be- iI cause he spoke with a forei 'u accenti and E perbaps because he occasionally washed c his hands. Atall events, they made the h man's visit very disagreeable. He re ve,-ged himse f by the publication of a pamphlet called a Iegeud of Reproaches; F and, in it, expressed some very free a opinions as to the politeness, the kind- I ness, the civilization of the Scottish na- t tiun. The king read the book ;.and, from n that hour, the fate of Stercovious was f sealed. He had left the country; he-ilas s quietly living at home. But be had a t king for his enemy, and nothing could sate him. An ambassador was sent over f to demand his life :. money was lavishelo t.-bribe comolisuce : the claimant was 6 King of England. The cnlprit's native t state was anx?io-to stand well with the t sucess:or of Elizabeth; and Stercoviaus t was arrested and hEnged !. The persecu- I tioo tif this poor man cost his Majesty upwards of si hbundred pounds -a gre at -uim in those days--but revenge was i sweet; and, if it could be hal for nothing, I sweeter still. So he applied to the Scotch Lurtght for the repsyment of the coinexpn.ied, i vindica:tng the Seotti-h hbnonr. \ 1e iJecked careful!n for the re suit if this application, and s?e turned over the page stith ro.e mi-sgiti t;s. WVe read, I and rejoiced greatly that the applicant was foiled. The burhs- declared it a national question l.e3ond their j.urisdtc:ioo, and Stercovious's ghost may perhiirs have Leen s-:othed by the aonijs of grief with vwhich tile murderer parted with the "'iler." But what? If foreigners are thus punished for aspersing the country mnea of the king, shall one of the Sctst themselves turn traitor to the cruse of Scottish honour, aLd revile his auld. re spected mother, and live? No, no. Catl tieomas Ioss into court. Mr Thomas Itoss has been a minister in the Scotch kirk, but has gone to study eat Uxford preparatory to being episcopally ordained; a flihty, light-beaded man, who has been soinetimtes in custody of his iriends tas not quite in. his right inilina. They sheold Lave kept him from pea, ink, and paper; for one dayr-in his new-found zeal for the English form of Church gore un ment, and persuaded, w.th the absurd vanity commlon to the hadf-witted,. that his talents -would amply redeem any lit:le wrong his enmity might do to his country .men, and that evtu toe king would be pleased with so wi:ty,.so deep, so learned an adversary-he afliced on the great dcor t f Saint Mar}'S, iu the High Street, a the.-is, as ,was tc.e custo: in :t,ose days containing mutt di eadful propositions, as w se s.a. aft:r ~arde see. The Vc<cCh..n cellor, it he had been aientiu:e muan, would have laughtd at the.n and said n. more. Lut he was probably iu hopes of a bishoptic, being a toady of the largest a sze. 1a accordligly Eeut p the awful Iapar to Whitehal. The king ruboen Ihis hands; there was aunother unhappy man to be puuialhed. He sene down to SUOxford; he hired a ve-sel at Landoi l Bridge; he sent the much-bewildered i author of the thesis down to JlJinburgh Swith a letter to the j.dges to condemn hin?.tasron as they could, and keep him in the iron cage in tihe meantime. Ha I was too valuable a bird to be illwed to Sescape. Poor, saily, vain, ridiculous Mr SIlhuonas !.. P hy dldn't you stay quietly s iii your small manse at Cargill, and not m uiz yourcelf up cn the great qguesEious of f Churcu and State i. For tbhia is your in \- dictmeut :. e Ye are dilated of the devilish and f detestable forging, feiguing,. aud blasphe y muus uttering,.atd by writ publicly ex ,l posug of a villauous,, iunfanmous, and deviltsh writ,, all written with your own Ibhand,. cocernang a pasnuil or thesis j. e together, with ten several abominable ar \- ticldes, or appendices, caufirming the r same;. that all Seotsmen oughit ;o- be \- thrust forth of. the court ef o England (excepting. his gracious Ma e jesty and his son,. 0nd a very few \- others); aiid. that the* Englishmen are mightily blinded and deceired (.dlthuotigh I,. quick a-ghtbe otherwis,), tlaa they should suffer such an unprotitatie and pernicious multitude, and fidtby offcourings of peo a pie, to rage and domineer within theIr eu trails and. bowelsi. &c.; 6&c.; \%What could Thomas s:y 1 He grinned. a filich grin or two, we rnsmy suppis,s .ina.ti.teaedsliis uiiite :. td O e Wast in. on ouof. ls is l of insaulty at the tiwae a ips mentii, the Oxford scholar called it \--and that hlie was very sirry for what he had dune. Most people would have been sati-filed with this excuse. But the koug. S--:et us see what contduct he pursued. SThe half "datt" plisoner is, of o.urse, Sfound guilty in terms of his own conens asiont ;.under wllat threats-or promises ob tained, the record sayeth nuot ; and senti back. to his miserable prison till hias Msjesty's pleasure could be known. Hlis Mwj~sty's pleasure was soon too widely known by leaas- of the following sen tence : 1$Sptember 10i 1618. the Justice, T-~-ri ~i- to a w-vraut S Si ,l.i e 1 Thomas to be taken to the market-cr,?s of Edinburgh, and there upon a scaffod, first his right hand to be s ruck off, und theieatter his head to be stru.ki from his body; and his head to be there after aSxe3l on an iron spike upon the Nether-Bow Port; and his said right hand to be also affixei on the West Port ol the said burgh of Edioburgh ; and his whole moveable goods and gear (if any he has to be escheat to his Maj?sty'a use,. as cau ict aud culpable of the said heinous crinme."' The letter ob the king is still etatt, thoogk the lord adves te of the time, willing enough to be the instrument of cruelty, made great efforts to have the re cord of the whole transaction expunged from. the Books of Se,sion. But a careful picker-up of remarkable incidents at the thee took duplicates of all the proceed ings, and in an obscure corner of thb~ library of. the Piculty was discovered a manuecript containing everything.; the blood-thirsty instructions of the king, tbe words of the accusation, and, most curious of all, the very Tnesis, with all its ten propositions which the insane Scotchmau fixed up upon St Mary's door. That noble church in" the noblest of atree:s. with thousands of the yuth of England pouring into i. when t!.e bell riugs on .undty morning, are there any who look upon the solemn gatew.ry and remember that an awful tragedy took its begdisin& otithat spot A single stu dent s5av the paper. and tore it dow,, ; he carried it to the vice-chancelior before another eye than his own had time to rest on) the uned.y scribbled document ; :n:1. fbhomns Russ died a death of great suf feriug. His fam!ly were disgraced and ruined; the king's frown was upon the house of Craigy of which, he was a A.,n and brothers, sisters, all, went into buggarv. There is a record in tis chnrmrh books of theire native paeish of various psyments of small sums for the matinteuasce of " Mr Itos, late of Craigy, brother of Maister Thomas, hate execute in Edinburgh." But these crimieb trials are not all of such a rielartcholy character as those we have selected as illustratipns of the inherent cruelty of King James's nature S ms of them are ludicrous-but it is only the laughable side of. -a thoroughly hateful disp'sition, for in all of them we flud traSes, wherever the cuief actor eppears,-of a meanness, a vanity, and a paltry cunntig, which make us turn. almost for consolation to the gloomier pages we have left. It is better to be torn by a tiger than mangled and worried, with ridiculous contirti,,us, by a ferocious baboon. Here is a delightful story, under date of January the tbhirteenth, tsiteen hundred and one. There aas a yonjug widow, bu± ,rn agd free, of the name of Isabel Hutchiuson, who was living, a rich and honoured guest, with Johu Johnstone, baillie of the small village near Edinburgh called the Water of Leith. At kirk and market the widow was much admite ; her fur tone seas probably well known, and it was all in her own power. Now, anout four miles from the Water of Leith was the ma:sion of Craighouse, beleoging to the Kiocaide,.and, of course, it was not long. before the rumnur of the widow's coarmni, personal and pecuniary, reached the somewhat impoverished laird. On went his best bout,, dut came his best. horse, aind, with swoId and spurs to I show his gentle blood, he cantered gaily over to the Water of Leith, and called on his friend the bailiff Johu Kincaid of Craighouse wa- of higher ronk than the lady; but love and money level all distinctions of this sort. To be Leddy Kiucaid of Craighouse, witu immense expaues of the Braid HatIs as part of her domain- compeosating by quantity of acres for poverty of soil -was a great e:evation to the wealt:y widow Ilutchiuson. So there is every reason to suppose that the laird prospered in hie wooing. Day after day he mounted his fine brown horse- it was one of the best tro.ters iu the country-and he trotted, full of blissful anu:tripatious, to the residence of the ladie of his love. But a hitch arose somewhere; wheth?er the relations of the defunct Hute.nson did not like the match, or the widow was not yet out of the guardianship of mother and aunts, no one can toe: but Q struck John Kincaid one say as he travelled to the Water of L-ih on his noble brown, that its back was long enough for two; and that if by any ehance he could get the widow behind hint, they -would need fleet steeds to catch them before they got into the stout walls of Craigh?u"e. Then ie swould send for "Mess John," have thu ind,- soluble knot tied. and snap tLeir fingers at the decea-ed GO.,rge HUrtciJ?is,) an I all his kin. Wicked John Kmnca:d ti imagine such a device ! But in those ddays it was far from uC, tmmnut, aind was sc.rcely counted a nis emeuoa. es)ectially if the other part- made hu obj-ctiou to the ride. The baillie of the Water of Leith appears to hav?e hbeen a gentleman that knew the wrld. He! c:aould wink when duty or frierndlhip called for it; and, on extiaodinary occasion', could shut his eyes altogether.. Ont the seventeenth of December, sixteen hundred, aecordingly,.John Kinaeid left his mansion of Craighouse; an 1, attended for honour and safe esort by. ai- or seven friends and follower-amonog whom.we are pleased to see the name of David Watson,.sister's son (nephew) of John Johnstsone. baillie of the Water of. Leith-procee-ed to the house where the lady wa',.no-doubt,. waiting, his arrival. But modesty is great in widowe about to, be married agaio,.and it tooksome time, and perhasps little gentle assistauce, hi get her into the saddle. Cin there have been treason in the camp ?. Has- any body told the king what game was afoot . or was it ahance and misadwenture altogether? It so- happened that his mi.jsty was hboting that day in the fields that lay betweenu. thu W\rter of Leith anrd Braid. A eablcade such as the clipemeut presented was not hikely Sto escape the Erowred Peul Pry;.who besides had, iu r.ll likelihood, been fore warned of what was g-ng on. The bridal party turned off to one aide,. galtopetlightand main to-get out of view; and, skulkion through valleys and gettig behind rocks,g, they reached the house,. dis.stnted the terrified brsdt, helped: her ittto:he ball,..adl barred the grl!at dror. I-l that all y-. kz-w of the king, J-hn Kin:ail Liant yOu.k,.Jo that he is detertlierf the law, an allows no man to tyrannrse over the sulbjt: but himsaeif 2 Where is the marriage license " Where are the banns?. Is. the wioJw your wife 1 (to be-contionued.) 