THE STORY-TELLER. AN UNEXPECTED EXPOSTULATION. (From All the Year Round.) It was late at night. The windows were curtained and the doors were closed. The shaded lamp cast a dim light about the room, and a not unpleasant circular glare upon my desk. I had been writing a good deal, and now and then dozed a little. I was gradually approaching that stage in prolonged toil when inclination for rest is apt to prevail over the attractions of effort. I stayed my hand and put down my pen. My eyes closed, and for a few minutes I lost consciousness. I was disturbed by the noise of some one coughing close by—a sharp, hacking cough. I looked up. A man—an entire stranger to me—was occupying an easy-chair placed over against my writing table. How he came there I don't know ; but he was there. Not a ghost, of course. I have no faith in such things. They have been time out of mind of great service to story-tellers, but- even for fictional pur poses I regard them now as rather ex hausted and exploded contrivances. They have been brought on the scene too often ; they have been decidedly overworked. Directly they are introduced one sees through them now; and the fact that one can do bo, no longer occasions the awe, and chill, and thrill the story-teller had calculated upon producing. I agree with the man of science, who maintained that "ghosts proceed from the stomach"—a derivation clearly destructive ot their claims'to respect on the score of their ro mantic character. Not a ghost, then, but a man simply— and yet of appearance sufficiently curious and exceptional, quite apart from the consideration that his presence in my study was most strange and unaccount able, to arouse my attention in regard to him, and to warrant my setting forth, as concisely as I may, some description of his personal peculiarities. For some mi nutes neither of us spoke. Meanwhile, I felt myself at liberty to study and scrutir nit him very particularly. . «■—•-* What was most remarkable in his as pect was his expression of utter lassitude and exhaustion. His age could not readily be determined. There was certainly no thing suggestive of the freshness of youth about him ; nor, on the other hand, did he manifest any- marked symptoms of se nility. His infirm and effete condition seemed less attributable to lapse of time than to some oppressive weight of care he had been compelled to sustain, or to his experience of some cruel measures of suf fering. He was well dressed, but his clothes looked as though they had been made for a man of more substantial mould, and hung loosely about him. It might be that he had lost flesh and shrunk considerably since he had first as sumed them. His features had under gone apparently that sharpening process to which prolonged ill-health subjects its victims. His nose, I noted, was pecu liarly thin, angular, and projecting. The skin was drawn very tight across his bony and somewhat contracted forehead. From the wanness of his cheeks his mouth looked unduly large, and his teeth over prominent. His eyes were very lustre less, and had a tendency to roll about • waywardly, and his heavy lids, a dull pink in colour, seemed with difficulty re strained from drooping and closing. His hair was long, straggling, dry, and dusty looking. He had clearly devoted little attention to its arrangement. His whole appearance betokened deficiency in vital and muscular power. Yet his presence was gentlemanly altogether, although it ' "oonveyjad a suspicion that physical decline B^U^d^oggibly relaxed somewhat his regard social rules and usages. When he his voice was weak and flat in tone, and produced with some exertion. He accompanied his speech with a nervous jerking of his limbs, a swaying of his body, and a tossing of his head, that were decidedly distressing to observe. He re minded me of that famous figure in the fantoccini performance, which on a sud den loosens itself, and falls in fragments about the scene. Conditioned as he evi dently was, it seemed imprudent of him to venture upon much abruptness of ges ture, or precipitate change of pose. There was no saying what might result from hasty action of this on his part. His laugh struck me as hollow, wild, and dis cordant in the extreme. There are Borne laughs which are very catching, so_ to speak, and on the instant provoke mirth in the auditor, sometimes even to quite an extravagant extent; other laughs, from their strained and artificial quality—I have often heard such upon the stage, when the actors are required to simulate a joy which seems hardly justified by the words they have to utter, or the situ ation in which they appear—are depress ing almost to despair. Whenever my visitor laughed, he produced echoes within me of a strangely dismal and disturbing kind. " So you're at it again," he said, half interrogatively, and half by way of com ment. I admitted that I had been pursuing my ordinary vocation. "I thought as much." And here he laughed in a way that is always described in novels as " bitterly," and I suppose can only be so described. At the same time I may say that I have never found the description quite adequate or satis factory. "Let me off easy this time," he con tinued, laughing distressingly. " What is it you want ?" I asked. He moved about uneasily in his chair. "To be let alone," he said, pre sently. "Drop me. Forget me. Ig nore me." " Hut who are you?" "now. Gad, you ought to ! Why let me alone 1" fail to understand," I ob of course, that's part of the isiness. I was quite prepared for xat." "I should be happy, if I could, to oblige you in any way." "No doubt. But you won't. I've lived long enough—I've suffered enough— to know that. Almost since books were published—" "Since the discovery of printing?" "No, not quite so long as that. I was let off rather cheaply at first. I had not been found out. My existence, perhaps, wasn't known then. But gradually they dropped on to me ; and they've never ceased dropping on to me since." " Who dropped on you ?" " You, and the whole kit of you." "Really " "No—it isn't true, and you never heard of such, and you can't believe it, and it's not your doing ? I knbw all about that. But things have come to a precious pasB at last." "If you would kindly explain a little." " I was 'gradually collared. They ap proached me at first in an insinuating, carnying sort of way. They were defe rential and considerate. Oh, so consider rate." I think he swore here, but I don't feel quite sure. " I was dear, and gentle, and polite. I don't mind owning I was conciliated—flattered a bit. I stood still and listened. Quickly they got the halter round my neck, and 1 was in custody for the rest of my days. And what I have had to endure !" " But who and what are you 1" I de manded anew, and this time peremptorily, for I own I felt annoyed at the man's ex traordinary demeanour. " That's right, bully me. You're capa ble of it. I was prepared for that. I'm accustomed to that." I rose from my chair, and confronted him. " Sit down," he said. " I could see quite enough of you before. I don't want a scene with you, Heaven knows. I'll tell you who I am, though you knew very well already, or ought to know. I'm the General Reader. There ! You've heard that name before 1" I admitted that the term " General Reader" was not unfamiliar to me. "I should think not, indeed," he said, with one of his most unpleasant laughs. " Haven't I just cause of com plaint ?" I observed, not too confidently, tbat I wasn't aware that he suffered under any particular grievance. " Haven't you been all at me, persecut ing and oppressing me this many a long year \ At first, I admit, I was let off j easy. I said as much ^jusfc now. Books | weren't for me then. They were too j good for me, or I wasn't good enough for j them. It's much the same thing, I take j it. But I was let off chiefly, I think, for j a first-rate reason : I didn't know how to \ read! As soon as I did, you all made a dead set at me." " Again, I ask, of whom are you speaking 1" " Authors, writers, compilers, adapters, copyists, essayists, historians, reviewers, journalists, penmen, reporters, novelists, dramatists." He paused for want of breath. "There," he resumed shortly, "is that list long enough for you V' " But what have these people " " You're one of them ! You know you are," he cried. I disregarded the interruption. " How have they injured you 1" "How haven't they? Haven't they piled volume after volume upon me, until they've nearly flattened me out like an ironed shirt ? Formerly they were con tent to address themselves for the most part to a class, a section of the commu nity. Now they're all on to me, twenty —twenty ?—a hundred at a time. You're a critic ?" I owned that I had sometimes written reviews. I left him, if he so chose, to dwell upon any discrepancy he might dis cern between his question and my reply. But he went on : " And you've said of this book c Will give pleasure to the General Reader of that, * Not above the capacity of the Ge neral Reader ;' and of the other, ' Well suited to the requirements of the General Reader.'" I admitted that I had sometimes availed myself of those and similar con venient phrases. "Just so," he cried, with a spasmodic chuckle, and a general twitching of his members. " I knew it. I said it. All the rubbish that's published is shot on to my head. Books are even made rub bishy on purpose now, with a view to pleasing me. Formerly, when a man wrote something that was especially deep, and sound, and valuable, and, of course, heavy, he knew at once it was no use bringing it to me—not a bit—that it was over my head, beyond my reach. With that state of things he was content. I need not say I was. But now he'll sprin kle his dull pages with bad jokes, chaff, flippancy, and vulgarity, and then you, and such as you, will urge the General Reader to buy it, and, what's worse, to read it. Everything now is supposed to suit the General Reader. His maw is big enough to shove anything into. He has stomach for every known subject. He has the digestion of an ostrich. Now he's made to swallow paving- stones, and now he's surfeited with whipped syllabub. ' Seneca cannot be too heavy, nor Plautus too light.' That's a quotation, that is. Shakespeare, you know. Bless you, other folks can quote besides you." He surveyed me as he said this with an air, I thought, of quite superfluous signifi " Twaddle, imbecility, tiresome lec tures, trite moralising, common-places, balderdash, jargon, tom-foolery, slipslop, palaver, drivel; that's the diet you've been recommending me. Has it done me good ? How do I look ? Sick ? Ill ?" " Sick and ill," I said. " Can yon wonder ? How would you have liked it yourself? After all, you know I'm only human, a man and a bro ther—that kind of thing. Do I look dyspeptic 1" "You do," I answered frankly. " Is it surprising ? Think what you and such as you have made me undergo." " But what would you have me do in the future ?" " Spare me. Have some mercy, some little consideration. You've overdone it, indeed you have. The General Reader has his limits. His back will only bear a certain burden, and I declare just now, if you put another volume on it, though but a thin duodecimo, it will give way as sure aB fate. Don't then. He isn't learned, you know. He doesn't set up for being of much account; but, as a rule, the Ge neral Reader's willing, and can be fairly amuged at a cheap rate. But don't over load him, don't overdrive him, and, above all, don't overcudgel him. If you do, he'll only drop:" " I am willing," I said, " indeed, I am most anxious to serve you, and please you, if you'll only show me how." "It's veiy simple. When you're going to write of this or that, that it's ' certain to entertain the General Reader,' just think if it really is so certain ; ask your self whether it entertained you, and then consider whether, in truth, it will enter tain him. Think, also, how many other people may, at the same moment, be writing and recommending other things certain to entertain the General Reader. And the same with what's erudite, and valuable, and interesting. I've got to dread all those terms. They make me shiver and turn goose-flesh all over. Ge nerally speaking, indeed, draw it mild, or I won't answer for the consequences. Spare the General Reader ; he hasn't de served the treatment he has received at the hands of you and all your lot. Think of the life you've led me. Surely I*de serve a little consideration." He paused, and for the moment I felt myself unable to make bim any reply. I mused over what he had been saying. It did occur to me tbat possibly there was some reason in his complaint, and that of j late years iherehad' been-rather a " dead set" made at the General Header. " But you skip, a good deal, I suppose ?" I said presently. " Skip. I should think I did. There had been an end of me long ago if I hadn't skipped. But even skipping's trying when you have to do too much of it. I've skipped sometimes until I'd hardly a breath left in my body, or strength in my fingers to turn a leaf. I owe much to skipping, I admit; but one can't be al ways skipping. I don't think I need trouble you any more just now," he added, after a minute's silence. "You're very good," I said. "It is late." " Only bear me in my "mind, and urge upon others to deal forbearingly with me in the future. Please use all your in fluence to achieve that result. Publish what I have told you if you like." " Do you think it would entertain the General Header ?" I enquired. He groaned. " You're hard upon me still," he said. " Upon; my word you are. But—risk it. It may do some good. At the worst it will be but one more drop in the cup. YeB, risk it." I passed my hand across my tired eyes, thinking how I could give literary shape to his conversation. When I looked up he had gone. He had not even said good-night. His departure had been as noiseless and mysterious as his entry. However, I have followed his counsel. I have risked it. 