ON GUTTING MARRIED. Why I shbuld tike pen in band to per. petrato nn article on "getting married" when I havo never been married in my life, and, consequently, cannot be cxpected to know much about it, may surprise those of my readers who consider it worth while to devote a thought to the subject, either one way or the other. Bat I maintain that it ia the very fact of my not having entered what is called, with bitter irony, "the happy slate,'' which should be my recommendation. I eland, as it were, afar off-I am perched upon an eminence where I can view tbe ceremony in ell its ghastly dotailB; I am far removed from Ihe soppbeed cnthtalling powers of raven or auburn hair, of black eyes or blue; lam far opt of the reach of the temptations of "dimpled umilea," what ever they may be, and the reddest of cherry lips have no charms for me whatever. My treatment of tlie subject may, therefore, be relied on as being absolutely Impartial; and, if t may lean just a littlo towards tho side I of my own sex, I am perfectly justified in duing so, as I have never been "retained'* by the other Hide. I have never been able to satisfaciorily «atile in my own mind whether getting married'is supposed to be a subject for rejoicing or mourning. Cer tainly, nil tlie wedding. I have seen would I go to prove the latter. The bride lias nlways been in tears-tlie bridegroom has nlways looked profoundly miserable. She seems to be making the best of a bad job, and ho seems to be Imping that some one will charitably step forward and slop the ceremony nl the point where the officiating clergyman aBks if anyone knows "any Just cause or impediment," &c.; There is one theory I wish to advance with regard to the '? bridegroom, and that is thBt he has never paid for his wedding garments when lie eaters the church; he seems in constant fear lest his tailor should bo at hand with his ' "little bill." Observe tlie way in which he Bneaks frini the hired carriage-ahich gene rally has an appropriataly funeral appear ance- and glances furtively round! See how ill nt cane he seems in these unpaid-lor specimens of the tailor's art-what a sickly hue is reflected ou his sorrowful ooonteuancc by hia lavender tie. Gentle reader, or fair reader, or ym, *>r, who ba?e pas&ed; tbrousb ! tho oidflal.'and, consequently, must know all about It, ull me-is there anything in my theory? Of course, in this exceedingly watery climate of oars, we mast expect & , constant succession of heavy downpours and > short sbarp showers. Bat why should it I always rain when marriages nre gnioR on? Aro not the principal odors sufficiently de- ; prcRBed already? Hut for the singularly inappropriate nature of the ffimilrc, nne ; might any It was hoping coals <*f fire on i their unfortunate heads. 1 will not go so j far AS to pay that every marriaue yet cele brated hus taken place on ft wet day-I can only confine myself ti n»y own experience. I Wo will Pity I hate hcpd, or "Assisted" at, a d« Ken wcddiiitf*-well, twelve of tlint dozen have c»me in tho rain. Next to | the fiinting, the lew*, ibe snl volatile, and the other accompaniment* At the altar, the . scene at the church door is Woithy the must attention. Have J'<»u ever tvalclied I lie croup of old ladies in wonderful p.iiteus and mysterious boniiulK, with noses led from the motn in g air* who con^U'^ate tu the pro cehsiou? It is quite a Klu>ly. You uever t-ee a man there. 1 can only lemeuiber having been a man present on an occasion i of this sort ouce. lie wan the very ghost | of a riiun - his face deeply marked nith| lines which tohl cl« (j'lcntly of care ami Bur- | row, ami, although evidently not more than | Inriy, ilx-re was a liberal vpunklinj: of white . in his hair. He was at'iied in clothes which ' would have been Jit-daim-d by any scarecrow with Ail atom of tsiif-respect, and altogether i appeared thoroughly miserable and dejected. Approaching the church, he iMjuiivd of the females there assembled, *' What Wa8 ^oin^ on?'1 "A weddjog," replied a di'Zen eaj»er Voices. The man turned away with an ex pression on hib face in which eouteropt and sadnt'fcS were elraugely blended, and in a low heart.broken tone s;»i<l-*'l never saw bat one wedding tu my life; that was my own.".-Town and Cuuutry, 