The public meeting called for to-morrow, in the Victoria Theatre, iu aid of the model lodging-house movement, has a greater significance than may at first appear, It is a sign that public attention is sought to be drawn once more to the condition of some thousands of our fellow colonists, which is by no means satisfactory, considered, either in a social, moral, or sanitary point of view. The present premier of England, Mr. Disraeli, holds that crime and vice are, in a great mea sure, matters of circumstances and population. Mass the people in h erds, in i ll-y entilated, badly drained, unhealthy dens, and you breed vice, disease, and contagion. House them in airy, roomy, cheerful habitations, and a re verse result follows. It is not disputed by anybody that the state of Sydney, as a city, is defective in almost every way. The town is comparatively old, badly built, inconveniently laid out, and ill drained. The shores of the harbour are beiug converted into sources of malaria and miasmatic odours ; and the city itself contains festering laira of crowds of human beings ready to be decimated by disease. The evidence laid before the Minister for Works the other day, by the largest deputation that ever waited upon a Minister in this colony, showed indisputably - that Darling Harbour is becoming a poisonous j fever bed, waiting to be plague-stricken. ' The Health Officer, Dr. Daksey, who has ! more experience in these matters than almost any other person, says that fever or some other dire disease is certain to break out in Sydney, unless something is done to improve its' sanitary condition. With all these warnines the inhabitants exhibit a culpa ble aupineness, It is not denied, that these evils exist — : that hundreds and thousands of people of all ages are badly housed and compelled to herd toge ther in a most objectionable way. This is admitted, and at times! there is much pur poseless talk about combatting the evil, by some comprehensive movement. The root of the evil lies in the impoverished' poaition of the City Council. They have so many ills to fight against, and so many demands on their treasury, that unfortunately we cannot look for redress to this, the legitimate source of civic and material reform. 'Ihe result of suck a meetiug as is called for to-morrow can only be to initiate a movement to set in motion greater powers. Any radical change in the condition of the city must be brought about by legislation. The extension of railway facilities with the suburbs aud the establishment of a central metropolitan station, would do much to relieve the over crowded city of nuinburs, and tend to im prove its moral and sanitary condition. This, with the purifying of Darling Harbour, the rebuilding of dilapidated properties, and the substitution of more habitable dwellings, would tend to effect tlie only change that would really do any great good ; but yet the object sought by the philanthropists who meet to-morrow is highly praiseworthy. They aim at the social aud moral elevation of the work ing classes, and they seek to effect that object by giving working mon and their families a clean, well-ventilated, wholesome lodging house. In doing this, they strike at oue powerful -source of demoralisation, and it is to be trusted that the meeting will be attended and addressed by persons, not only able to point out the benefits to result from model lodging-houses, but willing to set thooxarnple by contributing to the preliminary coats of carrying out the reforms they advocate. Sir. Parkes lias received a talegrcun from J.oa don, announcing the serious illness of Sir Charles Cowjwr. The weather duiing tho past week (fays the* ll«iffii|iiiii Chrcmicit) lias presented a sudden influx oi ?um- merheat. that being 08 degrees is tue outside slinde, accom panied by slight touches of hot winds. It is now 1st note pleasant, bslne about 80 degrees, with tntld southerly breezes! Tbef st slook passing for Victoria .hive been 17.850 -lieep, ami £33 cuttle. These crossed st tue folloirinjc -J«t« : Sittarday, W3 head, MMfnrljne-. ; Monday. S.600 sucep. U'Gaw and. Co 'a. Tuesday . 800 ditto, farter's, from QujBinpnc; -W) of Peppin'e ; and S500 oT Palmer's. Sunday, 25tS of KoWt ? son's; anaSEDOnt XAtnh, Ksddle, and Co. s, - On -Tuesday, 600 of store cattle jKetlieriKgtoii's) passed, sold to Rossi, for ] Bnllwat. To-morrows Friday MS lot cut.tle, from Me ruucle. Bell's, will civ.es .; as triso 260 fremG-rooneal; best-month's. Mr. A. l!ell will pass on Bundsy with 2tB0 fat »he?p,from Tbelangerin, belonging t6 VF&riane; and 2000 ditto, from Dtndut-.U. we bear, area week off. Burgess, of the Monla mein, bas 500 ewra here for sAle, sud 800 store catlJe ot Baker's are now on the Common. . The wool passed down since our Inftt has been -'1243 bales. Shearing is concluded at at Messrs Lsndale's, and at Warbrcccan such will be finished oh Saturday or Monday next. No local sales or transactions are reported. Onr small pastoral settlors, family men, who lately EeUlc.i here, are w«U pleased with prospects. One says: ' Iliave suent during the past year, in taking np laud, fencing, and iuyine stock, £2000 ; mvwool. and inonuse In lambs, will gin £100a at once in return.' Another: 'I bought 1800 sheep: tlic price of my shorn wool will pay for theiroost, leaving my stooK ana increase a gilt. Ana so on through moot. With such erperiences of those who have already settled, and vrittt tbe knowledge tint more are coming, we I hint; we may say that, in ail, national aspects, the prosperity of this portion of Kiverina nere'r looked more encouraging. A saleon-keepcr having started business in a build ing where trunks had been made, asked a friend what he had better do with the old sign, ' Trunk factory.' ' Oh,', said the friend, 'just change the T to D, and it wUl suit you exactly. ' Tiplcins aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other nip lit, saying he had seen a ghost in the shape or an ass. 'Oh, let me sleep,' was the reply of the irate dame, 'and don't be frightened at your own shadow.' I» fishing we have occasionally seen a big pike watch ing a but, uud evidently weighing the chances between getting a good dinner and ocing a good dinner. He should hare been able to weigh very accurately— he had ??many scale*. 