ROBERT AINSLEIGH. CHAPTER IV. I AM INTRODUCED TO MY 0EN*EFACTRE£8. BY THE AUTHOR OF "Lady Audley's Secret;' « Aurora Floyd;' de., tfc I might have brooded long on Anthony Grimsliaw's strange revelation hut for the rapid succession of events which followed within a short time of the conversation I have recorded. After an enchanted sleep of nearly twenty years the castle in Hauteville woods suddenly awoke to life, and the monotonous calm of existence was exchanged for all the stir and clamour which accompanies the sound of many voices, the tread of many feet, and the bustling industry of a full household. It was upon a lovely evenl&g;'tu June that the spell which lwd so long held Hauteville Hall was suddenly broken. Not^? word, not a whisper of rumor's busy tongueVha^ . prepared my guardians or myselfTor ^eistartling transformation. Anthony Griuishaw's indifference to the political events of his own time had kept him ignorant of ministerial changes at home, and of our diplomatic relations abroad, or he might have apprehended the possibility of Sir Marcus Lestrange's recall from Sladrid, where he had been our plenipotentiary for some years. Mr. Grimshaw and I were walking on the terrace in the pleasant summer sunset, while my tutor's stern partner was occupied with her incessant needlework by one of the windows of the oak parlour. Her sharp gray eyes watched us as wc paced to and fro, and I doubt not it vexed her to see us in such friendly communion, as it most assuredly vexed her to find me impervious to the slights she put upon me, and indifferent to her illwill. Again on this evening we talked of Roderick Aiusleigh, of whom I liad indeed often spoken since I had seen the portrait hidden in the library-closet. " Surely there can be little doubt of his death," I said, " or some tidings of him must have reached you in all these years." " It would seem likely, unless he lias gone to push his fortunes abroad, as lie may have done, under a feigned name, perhaps. He was ever a rank Jacobite, and got himself into no little trouble here and at Cambridge on that score. It was his nature, or his humour, to oppose those who loved him; and as the earl was a stanch Hanoverian, my young gentleman must needs toss off his wine to the king over the water. If he was living in forty-five, I would wager he was amongst the rebel crew that disturbed peaceful Englishmen in tliat year. He loved fighting and riot and intrigue, and would have refused to serve the best of rightful sovereigns if there was but a wrongful one to plot and fight for. I doubt there are always a number of these rebellious spirits, these innate revolutionaries, to create and foster rebellion. Few men ever have life's highway made so smooth and easy for them as it was made, for Ro^ericjt ^insleigh j but, you see, he preferred to j^famlile through brake and brier, and lose himself in a forest of guilt and sorrow." " You speak of him bitterly." "I cannot well refrain from bitterness, though I loved the lad well, and took rare pride in his teaching. But he broke my old master's heart, and went near to break Lady Barbara's; for I doubt if all her Cushion and grandeur at foreign courts have ever made her as happy as she was in the old days, when she and her cousin Roderick used to study the classics together, and stroll in the garden yonder on summer evenings." "She must have been very beautiful in those days," I said, " if she was like her portrait in the picture-gallery." "The portrait barely does justice to her features and complexion. But" there was a sparkling brightness in her countenance which no painter could ever seize. It was such a changing fece. A landscape in oils will give you the face of the country-side and the steady sunshine of a midsummer noon, but not the play and flicker of the light that comes and goes upon the meadows twenty times in a minute. She told her sorrow to no one when her cousin left Hauteville, but (fclie changeful brightness of her beauty fad*/ from that hour." y "Was the marriage with Sir Marcus Lestrange a love- match 1" " I doubt it. The Somertons are not given to change ; and I do not think Lady Barbara could so soon have forgotten her cousin. But she was alone in the world, and an heiress, and doubtless felt her unprotected position," We talked some time longer of the house which my tutor had served so faithfully, and in the service whereof ho hoped to end his days. The sun eloped. westward behind a bank of foliage that looked black against that golden light. Patches <if crimson lit up tho westward side of tho groat brown trunks of rugged elm and oak, and flashed still brighter on tho smooth silvery bark of the beeches. Belated crows sailed across tho tender upper e. gray, making for their liests in tho oldest elms. Thrush and blackbird sang their vesper hymn; and pensive from some mysterious thicket sounded the song of the nightingale. The distant water-pools reddened in the reddening sunlight, and the stillness and calm, glory that belong to this one hour alone possessed our souls, as wo stopped in silence to lean lazily upon tho marble balustrade of the terrace to watch the sinking sun. While we thus watched, a sound so unfrequcnt as to be startling roused cach from his reverie. It was the sound of carriage-wheels—the wheels of not one only, but several vehicles. Anthony Grimshaw and I regarded cach other in silent amazement, and then the old man hurried to the end of the terrace, whence he could obtain a view of the broad gravelled drive leading to the great gates." I followed closely on his heels, to the full as eager as himself. Three carriages were winding slowly up tho hill; the foremost a liandsome travellingchariot with four horses and suxartly dressed postboys; the two others clumsier vehicles, cach drawn by two horses. " It must l)c Sir Marcus, or my lady!" cried Anthony ; " who else should come here -with such a train ? Run, boy bid Martha have the doors opened, and the shutters in the library and saloon, and a fire lighted in the great hall, for it strikes deadly cold in summertime. And tell Betty and Sue to stir themselves. The carriages will bo at the gate in less than five minutes." " I'll open the shutters with my own hands !" I cried, and ran off to the oak parlour, where I dashed open the half-glass door, and hurst into the room, to the horror of Martha Grimshaw. " What now, you unmannerly jackauapest" she asked. I told her who was at hand. She started from her chair and stood before me, deadly pale and trembling; never had I seen her so affected. " My lady !" she exclaimed. " It can't be." "But it is, Mrs. Griinshaw. Who else should it be ? There'll be wax-candles wanted for the saloon; 'twill be dark in half an hour. Shall I run and bid them open the doors 1" "Yes, yes," she answered in a strange, absent way; and I left her still standing rooted to the ground, with a scared, pale face. By this I perceived that there was one person in the world of whom the steward's wife stood in awe. The bell in the gothic archway sounded with a great clanging stroke as I ran to call the maids. Betty went flying to the gate, and Anthony Grimshaw appeared at the samo moment with a ponderous bunch of keys, ready to perform his office of seneschal Susan, the second maid, went with me to open the shutters of the great saloon. We lighted the wax-candles scattered here and there in crystal candelabra, and the feeblo lights twinkled faintly in the dusky chamber. I went on to the library to open the shutters there, while Susan stayed behind to kindle the logs on the wide stone hearth. I heard the sound of several voices, and the echoing patter of liigh heels on the marble floor of the hall; aud then from the half-open door of tho library I saw Mr. Grimshaw usher the unexpected visitors into the saloon. Two ladies and a gentleman followed him into the dimly-lighted room. The ladies were so hooded and mufHed that I saw but little of their faces. One was of a commanding figure, the other slender and graceful as the tall white lilies in the Italian garden. The elder lady sank into an arui-cliair, with a sigh of fatigue, aud flung off her black-silk hood and cloak. Yes, this was my Lady, Barbara, as beautiful as the portrait with which I was so familiar, but of a more developed and regal beauty. Her dress was of a dark crimson brocade, her shoulders and arms veiled in a cloud of black lace. She wore powder, which, became her admirably, and her full round throat, of marble whiteness, was encircled by a broad band of black velvet, clasped with a*gem that seemdtU 1 to emit a brighter flame than any of the tapers twinkling against the mirrors on tho walls. Never, except in pictures, liad I seen a woman of rank, and for the moment the vision somewhat dazzled my unaccustomed eyes. The younger lady also removed her hood, and I beheld a pale, fair face, framed by loose unpowdercd auburn hair. Such pale and fragile loveliness showed poorly beside tho blaze of Lady Barbara's beauty; but I felt rather than saw that this young lady was beautiful. The gentleman yawned aloud, and leaned with a listless ait against the carved-oak chimney, amusing himself .by Jucking'tho smouldering logs with the toe bttisshw.*' " Damp wood, and a worn that feels like _ vault; and I conclude, vary small probability of supper. You should really have written to apprise your people of your coming Lady Barbara." The speaker wis a young man, toll, slim, good- looking, and dressed in a suit of cut velvet, witli point-lace ruffles and cravat. He wore high ridiug-boots, and a court-sword dangled at his side. My only acquaintance with this species was derived from Pope's liape of the Lock, and this gentlemen reminded me of Sir Plume. " It was my humor to come unannounced, replied my lady somewhat haughtily; and then she addressed her steward, in a much sweeter tone. " You will not let us go to bud suppcrless, will you, Anthony t" " Indeed, no, my lady ; if a pair of chickens and a dish of broiled ham, with strawberries from the garden, and a bowl of cream from Betty's daily, will content your ladyship—and this gentleman." " Nothing could bo letter, my good Anthony. But you must not let our sudden arrival disturb you. We have brought two coachloads of London servants, and all they want is to be shown the way to the kitchen, and the geography of larders, pantries, and still-rooms, which, I remember, is rather intricate at Hauteville. Sir Marcus will not Ire able to join us for a week. This iady is Miss Hemsley, my husband's niece; and this gentleman is my stepson, Mr. Evcrard Lestrange. But where is Martha 1 I shall be glad to see her, and to settle wliat rooms we had best occupy". Mrs. Grimshaw entered the saloon as her mistress spoke. She had changed her blackstuff gown for one of stiff rustling silk, and wore a frilled-muslin handkerchief, fastened with a diamond broach. Never before had I seen her so attired. She saluted her mistress with a profound curtsey, and bade her welcome to Hauteville. My lady acknowledged her compliments somewhat coldly, as I thought. "How is your charge, Martha?" she asked. " Your letters have been of the briefest, and gave me little news of him." I knew it was of myself she spoke, and an irresistible impulse impelled me to approach her. There was a kindness in her tone which invited my confidence. "Here is a friend," I thought. I had just lighted a pair of wax- candles, in heavy bronze candlesticks, which stood on a writing-table by the hearth. With these in my hands I entered the saloon, and carried them to the table by which Lady Barbara had seated herself. "O God, a ghost!" she cried, half-rising from her chair, and looking at me with wideopened eyes; and then, sinking back into her chair, she murmered faintly, " You never told me he was so like. You should have prepared me for this, Martha." "My father would scarcely feel flattered by your emotion, madam," said Mr, Lestrange with a sneer. " I have no secrets from your father, sir," my lady answered proudly; and the gentleman's sarcastic smile vanished as she looked at him. " It is possible my jealousy is keener than my father s," he said, not without a certain significance of tone. Lady Barbara turned from him with an air of supreme indifference, and addressed herself to me. " Your face reminds me of the dead, sir; hut you are not less welcome to me. What is your name ?" " Robert, madam." "What else!" " I havo no other name, madam." " And you have never taken the pains to seek one ?" " No, madam. When first I came to this house, Mrs. Grimshaw told me I was nameless. I have asked no further questions." I might have added that Iliad been reminded not once hut twenty times a week of my abandoned condition, aud that such epithets as foundling, beggar, castaway, and even coarser terms of reproach, were but too familiar to me. " Indeed 1" cried my huly, with a glance at Mrs. Martha, which bodod ill for that personage. " Mrs Grimshaw volunteered information upon a subject of which she knew little. She is fond of giving iuformatum." This was said with a most bitter emphasis; and then, turning to me with a sweet protecting smile, Lady Barbara continued: "Your name is Robert Ainsleigh, and you are my kinsman. I fear you have had a somewhat desolate boyhood in this deserted house; but I placed you in the care of my old Mend Anthony, because I knew you would find in him a kind friend and an accomplished tutor." " Aud I have found both, madam," I answered promply j "as good a friend as a fatherless lad oyer knew, as patient and learned a master as ever earned the affection of his glad to hear you speak eo heartily," replied my lady. " While I remain at Haute' ville you will live with me and my finnily, and it will be for youisdf to determine your future career." She extended her hand, and I dropped on my knee, as I raised the fair hand to my lips. ' ,. The gentleman lounging against the chimney-piece gave a little sarcastic laugh. " Egad, Lady Barbara, your country cousin is a courtier by instinct. I warrant IUC he will soon eat a toad with as good a grace as if he had hunted tufts at the University and graduated at Leicester House." I wondered nt .so much animosity from n stranger, but it has been my ill-fortune in lift' to find more than one bitter enemy readymade like this, and to receive direct injuries from those I havo never consciously offended. CHAPTER IV. 1 JU8H IX THE WORLD. If in my childhood I had regarded Hauteville Hall as a kind of encliauted castle of fairy legend, I had still better ground for the pleasant fancy after the coming of Lady Barbara Lestrange, for my life underwent a transformation as sudden and complete as tliat winch befalls the prince uho, after pining for years in the guise of some repulsive beast, is once more restored to his own image, and finds himself a prosperous and comely gentleman. As Robert the Nameless, dependent on an absent lady's bounty, I had endured extreme humiliation; as Mr. Robert Ainsleigh, my lady's cousin and favorite, I was courted and flattered in a manner which at once confused and amazed me. My late tyrant, Martha Grimshaw, was of all people most obsequious; and I perceived that, in her fear of my lady's anger, she would have stooped to any degradation in order to conciliate me. I received her advances with supreme coldness, and took occasion to inform her that she had nothing to fear from my malice or to hope from my regard. It was my misfortune to live with you for ten years," I said ; " and it is difficult for any man to blot out the memory of so long a period; but, so far as it is possible, I will forget the slights you liave inflicted upon mc and the petty spite which lias influenced j r our conduct towards me from the day of our first meeting. Your husband's kindness to mc has, however, been as unvarying as your own harshness, and you may be secure that my respect for him will prevent me from injuring yon." Mrs. Grimsliaw's dull gray eye shone with a pale fire as she answered me. "I am much beholden to you, sir," she said, in slow measured tones, " that you should condescend so far as to refrain from injuring me in the opinion of my mistress, whose last, caprice inclines her to patronize you. You are as yet a stranger to the whim and humors of a fine lady, and I scarce wonder that your sudden elevation has turned your head. It is a new thing for a penniless dependent to be raised from the society of such low persons as my husband aud myself to the company of an earl's daughter and an ambassadors's son ; but I would have you remember that it is easier to come downstairs than to go upwards, and that you may some day find yourself turned out of doors, as Mr. Roderick Ainsleigh was before you." "My father was not turned out of doors 1" I cried angrily. "Your father! Who gave you an earl's nephew for your father % Pray where is your certificate of birth, or your mother's marriage lines ? You are quick to boast of your father; and I doubt not, if he has bequeathed you his face you have inherited his wicked heart also." " Why do you malign him 1" I exclaimed ; " he never can have injured you." ".Of course not," cried Sire. Grimshaw bitterly; " what should there be in common between low-born dirt like me aud such a gentleman as that ? Why, notbiug. But I tell you this, Robert Ainsleigh—since it pleases you to borrow a bad man's name—your father brought sorrow wherever he came, and there were few who looked on his face who did not live to rue having seen it." The inconsequence of this speech mystified/ me, but I did not question Mrs. Grimshaw^ who departed malevolent as ever—more malevolent, if possible, since I had repudiated h^r civilities. S In my new pliase of existence, howe*^ saw but little of the severe Martha. T/or me there was to be no more of Mr. Wj#tefield's Calvinistic discourse, no more tractg 0f alarming import, ho more prim one-o'clock dinners in the oak parlour, no more siWt comfortless meals beneath the gaze of my^ersecutor. From the little whitewashed chamber at the top of a narrow wooden st- jrcase, where I had slept ever since my first o^miing to Hauteville Hall, I found myself tjfosferred to an airy and spacious tapostriejf apartment over the library, with an oriel window looking on the Italian garden. A tailor from Warborougli came to take my orders for several suits of the prevailing fashion, aud Lady Barbara herself assisted me to select patterns and colore, while Mr. Snip waited respectfully with his patternbook across his arm. My mornings were still given 1<« the classics with my kind master Anthony Grimshaw ; but after we had read an act of a Greek tragedy, or the funeral oration of Pericles, or a dozen pages of Tacitus, my tutor and I parted company ; ami unless I made it my business to join him as he took his after- dinner pipe on the terrace, we saw no more of <5\eh other till the next day. In short, I was now a gentleman, and my sphere was the drawing-room, whore I sat by Lady Barbara's tambour-frame, or hung over Miss Hemsloy's harpsichord, as if 1 had been to the manner born. How shall I describe the kindness of my kinswoman, who, having chosen to assume the care of my fortunes, was determined to fulfil her duty to the uttermost ? " It seems cruel to have left you so long to languish in this lonely place," she said, during our first U'U'-a-U'it; " but I could not get Sir Marcus away from Madrid, and it would have seemed ungracious to leave him ; so I waited almost hoping for some breach between lingland and -Spain, in order to bring about my husband's recall And then the years slipped by so quickly. I knew Anthony would be kind to you, aud I did not think Martha would be unkind, which I fear she was, though you refuse to admit as much. In short, dear cousin, believe me, I was not so cruel as I must needs have seemed." You never seemed anything but my bountiful benefactress and friend," I replied ; " I knew that I owed everything to you, and must have perished but tor your charity." No, Robert, I will not have that word." Nay, dear madam, there is no other fits your goodness." : And again my lady gave me her hand, which I once more raised to my lips in grateful homage. I was now installed as one of the family, with as little sense of dependence as it is possible for a dependent to feel I was agreeably surprised by the conduct of Mr. Lestrange, who treated me with a cordiality which I was far from expecting to receive from him, after his supercilious tone on the night of our first meeting. He was something of a fop and fiufc gentleman; but pronounced himself, nevertheless, delighted with the park and woods, the noble troutstream which intersected the estate, and in which I was able to show him the deeps and shallows, the shadowy inlets where his fly might do most execution, and the reedy margins where he might be sure of a gigantic jack. He suffered mc to do the honours of Hauteville, and entertained me agreeably with his own adventures at home and abroad, which he was never tired of relating. I discovered by-aud-by that this gentleman, who was yet on the sunny side of his twentyseventh birthday, was past-master of the knowledge of evil, and had long outlived his abhorrence of the vices and his respect for the virtues of his fellow-men. 1 did not, however, make this discovery immediately, being too much unused to the society of fine gentlemen, and to the world in general, to be a skilled observer. Little by little these things revealed themselves to me ; aud I had been some months in Mr. Eraard's company before I learned rightly to estimate his civilities or to appreciate his value. His father arrived at the Hall within a week of Lady Barbara's advent; and I was presented to that important personage with all due ceremony. He received me with a somewhat cold courtesy, and I was quick to diecover tliat my presence gave liiiu littla pleasure. Toleration was, evidently, all I must expect from liim; bijt the kindness of my benefactress would have compensated mo for worse treatment from Sir Marcus; and while I took care not to intrude myself upon that gentleman, I rigidly refrained from any attempt to conciliate his good graces. My grateful objection for my protectress might be misinterpreted ; for that I cared little ; but I was determined to eat no toads for Sir Marcus Jitsstmnge. Happily for me, however, the diplomatist was by no means a domestic character. He spent the greater part of his day in his study and of an evening played piquet with my lady in her dressing-room, while Evcrard Lestrange Miss Hemsley, and myself amused ourselves in the saloon, or strolled on the terrace aud in the garden. He paid numerous visits to the seats of the neighboring nobility and gentry, travelling sometimes as many as thirty miles to a dinner, and altogether troubled us but little with his company. He was an elegant and accomplished gentleman, of about fifty years of age, in person much resembling his only son, but of more perfect although colder manners. Between himself and Evcrard there obtained a stately politeness which did not of a father and son. My lady told me in con- m fidence that Sir Marcus desired to see his son united in marriage -with Dorothea, or Dora Hemsley, not only the most amiable of women. but a considerable fortune. J " Whether this will ever come to pass I know not," she said in conclusion; "but I am hound to to assist my husbands projects. Dora is a sweet girl, and my only fear is that Evcrard should prove unworthy of her." " They are not betrothed to each other, JUS they, madam!" I asked, perhaps mow anxiously than the circumstances warranted. "No, there has becu no formal betrothal; but Dora can hardly be ignorant of her uncle's wish. She was left an orphan live years ago, and since that time lias lived with me. I do not know what I should do without her. I have no children of my own, you see, Robert. There is a little grave in Spain that I cannot think of at this day without a heartache, though it is fifteen years oid; but no child of mine lived to call me mother. Yes, Dora is very dearto me," she added, abruptly changing the subject. This confidence occurred within a week of Lady Barbara's arrival. In after-days, when I had suffered a bitter pain and languished under the burden of a secret sorrow, I could not help thinking that my benefactress had told me these things thus early in order that no peril might arise from my daily companionship with Dora Hemsley. But there is one disease against which antidotes and preventives are administered in vain, and from this cruel fever I was doomed to suffer. (To be continued.) 