THEATRE ROYAL. On Monday evening "Hamlet" was played again at the Boyd to a crowded and brilliant house. Very few of the box seats were [?] pied, and the red of the Theatre wm well taken np; in faot, it waa tba best house of the year. Kin Bowring, who, aa the Queen, came fint OBon the stage, waa reoeived with prolonged and hearty oheeriiig, and there were fresh bunts d appbuse immediately afterwards when Mr. Fdrolough followed. The pby was pro duced with new effects, some d whioh were a great soocess. The appearance of the Ohoat waa altogether dispensed with, that portion ol the spectacle being left to be imagined from the acting. Aa far as it. appear ance to Hamlet and hb friends b concerned, we think thb arrangement a mistake. The idea b that the andienoe listening te the Ohost's sepulchral utterances aad Hamlet', amazed and beseeching addren to the shade of hb sire, should be credited with snffioient Intelligence to ptature the apparition for themselves; but we can see no reason for such a departuro from the old method of representing thb portion of the drama. The apectator. ahonld be plaoed in the same position a. the aoton in the soonr. It b beside the maik to my that a ghost! as a thing to ba looked upon, b a mere creation of the fancy. It waa to Hamlet, Horatio, and Mai*oeUus a visible reality. They mw Hainbt's father armed from head to foot, and with hb vinor up, or they believed they mw dl thb, aad persona witnessing the reproduction d thb soene shodd be able to see aa did those who took part in it, and feel for the time in their position, and with their sensations. Imagination might bo trusted to supply the ghoait, bat there b no more reason for not pre santtae; Hambt, aenior, in vblble form, than there would be in leaving Mephlstopheles or the witches in Haobeth to their Imagination. It b different In the oloeet soene, when the Qnaen oan am nothing. However, this eheenes d tne Ohoat saakea perhaps grntn demands upon the drama'b powers of Hamlet's representative, and Ur. Fairclough's rendering of hb inter view with the spirit of hb father was a rnsgnl fioent plaoe of powerful aid natural acting. As we bam been fortunate enough to sm Ur. Fadmlongh seven! timn in thb character, we need not my mora than tint hb impersonation on Monday evening fully equalled any of hb previous efforts. Mm Bowring again played the Queen admirably, and wm greatly ap plauded. Tha pieoe went smoothly.aad was a gred suooen. At the tall of the curtain Mr. Falrolongh reoeived quite an ovation. To night he will impersonate lago, Mm Bowring taking the part of Bmilia. 