The extraordinary consideration which is invariably extended towards capital was nover better exemplified than in the discussion which 1ms taken place, both in the Assembly aud tlie press, over the Inscribed Stock Bill, 'l'lie present Treasurer lias found Ins finan cial position considerably hampered by the blunders of his predecessor. Mr. Langton more than two years ago obtained the consent of his colleagues to issuing at par inscribed stock to the amount of a million and a half sterling, bearing 4 per cent interest. There can be no doubt that in fixing so low a rate of interest -Mr. Langton committed a grave mis take. At the period referred to our five per cent, debentures were quoted at 107, so that the price of a 4 per cent, debenture stock would not have exceeded 92 or 93. But the ex- Treasurer, seems to have imagined that a large number of trustees, who in variably feel uncomfortable at having to purchase stock at a premium which will sooner or later bo repaid at par, would Lave looked with favor upon the inscribed stock, especially as there was no risk incurred in its safe custody. That this last danger is not en tirely imaginary was very clearly shown in the robbery by Fr, etcher, the cashier of the Union Bank, of tho debentures deposited by Mr. Lewis. The result, however, proved what has been always asserted by this journal, that Mr. Langton, although like Michael Cassio an excellent arithmeti cian, is no financier. His 4 per cent, stock has been a comparative failure, and after an experience of two years tlie public have only subscribed some thing rather less that £.300,000 of the total sum offered ; £-387,000 was a mere transfer by the Treasury of one form of loan for another ; £212,245 was invested by the various Government departments, so that the sum now in hand is £C07,GG9. The intention of Mr. Service is to allow £100,000 to remain as inscribed stock, and convert tho remaining £500,000 into four per cent, deben tures, which are to be placed upon the market as occasion offers, at a minimum which will be- determined from time to time. The Government proposal has been opposed, upon the ground that, after the experience of tho last two years, it is more effrontery for the Treasurer to still endeavor " to hoodwink the pub- " lie" into purchasing tho inscribed stock at par. But although Mr. Lang ton was wrong in imagining that there would bo any widely-spread desire to purohaso the inscribed stock, there is a steady although limited demand for it, and several thousand pounds' worth have been absorbed since the present Treasurer took office. The balance will be taken up sooner or later, although the operation will take much longer than was supposed by Mr. Langton ; and the Government can well afford to wait their opportunity. Hie most objectionable proposition made during the discussion was, that a reduction in tlio minimum price at which the inscribed stock is issued should be accompanied by compensa tion to tlio present holders, who bought at par. A more ridiculous suggestion was never made. The persons who purchased the stock knew very well what they were about ; and if they find they have made a bad bargain with the State, they are quite able to bear tho consequences. Persons having dealings with the local Government are always treated with far too much consideration in this country. Every person with the slightest grievance, real or imaginary, finds innumerable champions. Let a contractor make a large sum, and lie puts it into his pocket. But if he liave a losing contract all sorts of influences are exerted in his favor, either to in duce the State to abandon the bargain or increase the price. No one ever sends any conscience money to our Chancellor of the Exchequer because he has bought for fourteen shil lings per acre land worth five or six pounds; but if a selector were to find that his selection was worth less he would clamor for relief. We have- never heard that the lucky fellows who got our six per cent, loan at 10G, or our five per cent, loan at par, have expressed any desire to aiiow tl:e Treasury to share their profit. But the unfortunates who gave par for the four per cent, loan are deemed fit objects forjthe national charity ! The proposition of the Government seems a fail- and satisfactory settlement of a question which had become embar rassing through the mistake committed by Mr. Langton. The illegal obstruction anil enclosure of public roads iu private property have again engaged the attention of the Legislative Assembly. 'The evil is one of monstrous proportions, and must be put an end to. It haunts the delibe rations of lion, members, comingever aud anon, like Banquo's ghost, whenever the powers of the local governing bodies come under consideration. It was brought before the House by Mr. A. T. C'j.Aiik in Augustlast, wlien, however, nothing was done. Mr. IIiginiiothaji lately caused the introduction of a clause j to clear up legal doubts upon the ques- ; tion, and vest the ownership of roads, free of all uncertainty, in the Govern ment or Crown, as representing the State. But something further was re quired. Mr. A. T. Ci.ark accordingly submitted, on Wednesday evening last, a clause in the Local Government Bill as a substitute for the one already existing, which lie considered would meet the requirements of tlie ense. The object of the new clause was to compel large landowners who have fenced in public roads running through their properties, and thereby prevented the free intercourse of the public, to open them. Toe abuse complained of has in a great measure been aggravated by the 9Gth section of the present Land Act, which empowers local bodies to consent to roads being closed under certain circumstances, and Mr. Clark's new clause proposed to repeal so much of that section as bears upon tlic ques tion. It also imposed a penalty of £10 for the first offence, anil £20 for the second, where landholders, after six mouths from the passing of the Local Government Bill, have failed to remove any obstructions or fences which at present close up the roads passing through or abutting upon their properties. The friends of the squat ters and land monopolists in tlie Houso met the proposal with several objections, whieli were only re markable as showing tlie selfishness and grasping spirit which animate those who profit by the abuse. Tlie inconve nience and injustice done to tho public, or the dishonesty nnd wrong practised on tho State, by this illegal appropria tion of public lands by private owners, received no consideration on the part of the apologists for tho illegality. Their chief complaint was that to compel the fencing in of private lands so as to leave the roads clear for public traffic would entail a ruinous expenditure on large estate owners, which would amount in tlio aggregate to something like half a million of money. This, however, only shows the magnitude of the wrong-doing which- has been so thoughtlessly per mitted by the authorities to take place. If it is to have any weight at all, it can only be . as showing the imperative necessity for the immediate and com plete removal of the mischief. Tlie policy of the State in disposing of the public lands has always been to provide for the extensive settlement of popula tion, and with that view tlic territory was parcelled out into sections and sub sections of moderate size, supplied in all directions with roads at convenient distances. It is unfortunately true that certain individuals have in a great degree defeated that policy by getting possession of vast tracts, comprising thousands and tens of thousands of acres in a single block. But that is no reason why tiie State should now assist in completing this overthrow of its polioy beyond retrieval by permitting the roads which it had so carefully planned out and surveyed to be absorbed into the properties of these individuals. On the contrary, it is the duty of the Government to insist on these land owners complying with the original intention of the State, namely, that they should fence in their possessions, and ' leave the roads free for the use of the public. All small land owners are obliged to fence in their allotments, and every considern- . tion of reason and justice requires that large owners should nlso bo made to comply with that obligation. One lion, member, indeed (Mr. Connor), was short-sighted enough to advocate the leasing of tho enclosed roads for the sake of the revenue the local bodies would derive from this source. But such a proceeding would be most im politic, and the proposal was uni versally condemned by the common- sense of the House. The true course to adopt is to (take the mutter altoge ther out of the hands of the shire councils, and restore the power of deal ing with it to the central govern ment, as was the case before the passing of the present Land Act ; and we are glad to see the Govern ment has taken this course. A tech nical difficulty prevented tlio adoption of Mr. Clark's clause on AVednesilay night. But Mr. Kkui'f.rd undertook to bring forward a clause, when the bill was again before the House, which would embody the purpose aimed at by that lion, member ; and last night lie gave notice of the new clause, which is to bo considered on Tuesday next. Henceforth the power of dealing with the question will bo taken from tlie local bodies, who are too much under the influence of the landowners to bo trusted in the mntter, and transferred to the Board of Land and Works. One of tho large fish has been caught at last. Hitherto magsnien, thimble- riggers, three card, and under aud over small minions, with a capital of a pound's worth of silver, a gin case, and an untold wealth of modest assurance, have nlono been pounced upon by a police force which boasts itself to be second to none in tlio world. Now, however, the great Geelong Art Union, with 4000 subscribers at 5s. each, " to " be decided," according to the pro gramme before us, " by the running of " tlio horses for the Melbourne Cup, " 1S74," has been openly assaulted find beaten back disastrously. Thus, on Monday, Mr. James Miller, the landlord of the Prince of Wales Hotel, 1 Living been charged under the 31st section of the Police- Offences Statute 1SG5, and duly convicted of having had a beneficial interest in a money sweep on the Melbourne Cup, was rigorously fined £50 by the bench of magistrates. Mr. Panton, P.M., refused to state a case, and the solicitor for the defence said he would apply for a mandamus to compel. The fine not being paid, a distress warrant was about to issue, but it was stayed for ten days, on the application of Mr. Miller's solicitor. To our thinking the £50 fine should have been re covered by summary process, or never have been levied at all. If the majesty of tlio most severe act in all the Victorian code is intended to be maintained, let there be none of the law's delays. Either the statute will hold water, or it is a sieve. To Geelong belongs the credit of having first taken tlie bull by the liorns. Whether Detective Mackie will be degraded or get a step higher on the ladder for belling the cat is not for us to say ; but the ugly fact remains tlint head- quarters have been bungling about a few paltry belting-liouse keepers for a fortnight or so, and the odds amongst " the talent" are that ' they get off scot free'; and the Chinese lotteries are as lively as ever. We never did believe that man or woman could be made eiilier moral or religious by act of Parliament, but we do believe that a great controlling force can be exercised by the judicious, ap plication of existing legal enactments. As things in the gambling direction aro conducted at present by the authorities, who are fully armed with pains anil penalties enough to rcduco to beggary tho whole ring, tho " Heathen ' Chinee" must enjoy many a laugh in his capacious sleeve at the inconsistency of those whom they have not alto gether inappropriately written down as outer barbarians. 