It is not sufficient now-a-days to say that an institution exists, to justify its existence. It has to give an account of its raison d'etre, to explain why it exists, to let the world know the theory of its functions, and to prove that in practico it is in harmony with that theory. Tho advocates of a second chamber habitually overlook this con- sideration, however, when their favorite position is challenged. The bicameral principle with them has the force of a moral sanction in their minds, which it is little short of impious to criticise. Like the ghost of Hamlet's father, 'tis a thing so majestic, wo do it wrong to question it. To offer it a show of violence is to run counter to the pre possessions and traditions of centuries of Englishmen. It exists, and its exist ence is the only defence' that is re quired for it. This is the sort of temper with which arguments in favor of concentrating all tho legislative machinery of a country in a single chamber are usually met, and if the world were to bo governed bv sen timent no one could quarrel with it. But we positively refuse to ho influ enced by any such lady-like reasons in estimating the utility or uselessnes3 of an arrangement upon tho perfection of which the comparative well-being of so ciety depends. What is tho use of a second chamber ? is tho question that has to bo answered by its apologists. Does it fulfil any function which could not just as well be discharged by some other means? Tho idea seems to bo that it is indispensable as a check upon hasty legislation. But this is assuming that it never does anything mora than check hasty legislation, that it only ope rates as a drag upon tho State coach at moments when it be trays a disposition to rush with sen sational speed down the slopes of tho legislative Avernus. But is this the case ? Is the assumption borne out by history ? 1 s it borne out by tho history of the House of Lords, or by the his tory of our own Upper House ? What is the cause of tho outcry that is now being raised against those institutions 1 What but tho discovery forced upon the popular inind, after long years of painful observation and trial, that in stead of checking legislation, they have obstructed and prevented it ? The pre tence is that they never attempt to do more than resist a change to which their assent has been asked ; in other words, that they have never attempted to impose a policy upon the country. But wo should like to know whether they do not practically impose a policy upon the country every time thoy hinder tho passing of a measure which the country demands 1 There is something supremely 'ludi crous to our mind in the notion which is so sedulously cultivated by the friends of the Council, that its supreme office Is to revise tho legislation of the popular chamber, and that without it there would be an end to the security of lifeand property, liberty, and order. As our correspondent "Constitutionalist" put it in his very able contribution to the discussion of tho subject in our issue of Saturday last, to submit the mature de cision of your best men to tho arbitrary revision of your second-best is the most grotesque of expedients. In every country where constitutional govern ment obtains, tho ablest statesmen na turally find their places in the popular chamber. In our own community this is conspicuously tho case. Tho Upper House, by the evidence of some of its own members, has not oven the qualifi cations that are sought in an ordinary debating club. Put.teney called tho House of Lords a hospital for invalids, and the appellation may be applied with a ludicrously literal force to the body of incapables which Sir John O'Shan assy lately pictured as assembling once a week to mumble out tho regula- tion paternoster. Physically and in tellectually the majority of its members are so many cripples, in whose company no politician who has not arrived at the same stage of mental impotence will sit a moment longer than he can help. On the other hand, the Assembly is a living public force. It draws its inspi ration from the best and most matured public opinion that can bo brought to bear upon it. It is amenable to the public, and it is in direct communica tion with the public. If the object of popular representation is to secure the most direct expression of the popular will, then it fulfils that object in a sense which is altogether foreign to tho functions alleged to be discharged bv the Upper House. The Upper House only intercepts that will. It comes between the people and their representatives. It is an inter mediate part of the mechanism of government, and one of the effects of its presence is a deplorable waste of power by tlie friction that it occasions. It may occasionally do good, but its normal functions are mischievous, and legislation loses more by it than it gains. One of the evil results of the present system is tho total disruption of that sense of responsibility which ought to weigh upon the Assembly in the incep tion of measures. Bills are brought in every session whicli their promoters have no serious intention of placing in the statute book. A certain number of members are, for various reasons, always ready to send them up to the Council, only because they have pre viously satisfied themselves that they will go no further. It is unnecessary ! to specify the various measures which have been treated in this fashion from time to time by successive Assemblies ; but .everybody who has given any at tention to the subject knows that the practico is as c -mmonasit is demoralis ing to tho politicians who indulge in it. Without a second chamber it would cease to-morrow. And without a second chamber the business of legisla tion, therefore, would be carriedon more steadily, cautiously, and circumspectly, our legislators would deliberate and vote with an undivided sense of res ponsibility weighing upon them. The relations of the people and their re presentatives would bo of a closer and more personal kind. The constituencies would be canvassed more anxiously, and the probability is that we should have a vast improvement, not only in the matter, but in tho manner of legis lation. For the theoretical check which a second chamber is supposed to furnish, there would be substitute! a real controlling power, in the. shapo of a jealous and vigilant public opinion, from which tho Assembly would expect relentless investigation, and to which it might look for its highest instruction in all things pertaining to tho public interest. Will anybody say that we should be worse off under such a supervising agency than we are under the system which secures us the privilege of having onr legislation challenged and revised by the Council ? Is tliero any reason to fear that the pro gress of the country, socially and poli tically, would be more hampered than it is now 1 that we should have our laws worse made than they are now ? or con ceived in a less liberal and comprehen sive spirit 1 The tendency in modern legislation is towards tho plebiscilum. To take the sense of the people upon every subject upon which there is a con flict of opinion in the Legislature is the first impulse of the modern statesman, to whatever school of politics he may belong. The principle which underlies the practice is obvious enough. It means nothing more than that the people ought to be the best judges of their own wants, and that they should constitute the supreme tribunal to which an appeal ought to be made in case of need. With two chambers the appeal is obviated by tho vicious prac tice of vesting the veto in one of them, and that one the inferior of the two. But with one chamber, what is there to prevent the people from exercising tho veto for themselves ? What better or more effectual cheek could bo sup plied; or what check could be more in harmony with the genius of a demo cratic ago ? We trust that the announcement that the Government are busily engaged upon tlio preparation of bills dealing with the reform of the A ssembly and the reform of the Council will satisfy those querulous people who pretended to be so terribly afllicted at the discovery that Mr. Francis was harboring a secret design of burking all practical legislation in the interests of liis Nor wegian scheme. We shall have the Norwegian scheme, but, as we vainly endeavored to re-assure the grievance- mongers, we shall have the individual reformof tlie two Houses as well. It will doubtless disappoint some of the hos tile critics of the Ministry to know it, but on tho other hand the informa tion should secure tho sympathy and support of those candidates who got into Parliament on the strength of their advocating a redistribution of tlie elec torates, and a reduction of the qualifi cations for electors and members of the Council. '1 he Government clearly has a right to count upon their assistance, for their objection that the Government scheme of reform does not go far enough, in simply altering the relations of tlie two Houseajto each other, is no longer tenable. One very common argument against the adoption of that scheme was, that it could not be justified upon analogy ; that the Norwegian upper chamber was on the same electoral basis as the lower ; and that before it could bo applied in Victoria tho Council ought to be assimilated with the As sembly. What possible difference it could make in the actual working of the system we never could understand. The system itself is only a means to an end, and as long as tho end is obtained — namely, the supremacy of tho Lower Chamber — it cannot matter much whether the members of the Council possess a money qualifica tion or not. It will not secure more patient deliberation, nor do wo think it will give us much wiser men. That Mr. Francis will go the length of satisfying tho crotchets of the objectors on this score, by constituting the electors of the Assembly electors of tho Council as well, we do not believe. But, under any circumstances, Parlia ment will be the best judge in all matters of detail. 