THE GREtfK CHURCH CERE MONY AT PRINCE ALFRED'S MARRIAGE. The marriage of (He Duke of Edin burgh with the Grand Duchess Marie gives an interest to the details of the marriage ceremonial as arranged in the Russian- Greek Church. The Greek Church makes one book of the four Gospels, leaving oat the Epistles; and a copy of this very richly bound, is placed on the altar. The bride and bridegroom kneel before it with lighted tapers in their hands, and the priest asks, "A B , hast tboo a good and unrestrained will, and firm inten tion to take to wile this woman, Y Z ?" The bridegroom replies, "I have, most reverend sir." The priest again asks, "Base tboo pot promised any other woman?" the answer being, "I have not promised another." These questions are also put to the bride, and then the benediction is given. This is followed by the Ectinia, and a number of prayers are said; then two crowns are brought on a troy, and the priest takes one, and making the sign of the cross with it over the bead of the bridegroom, says, "The servant of God, A B , is crowned for the handmaid of God, Y -Z , in the name of the Father, of (he Son, and or the Holy Ghost." It is kiwed by the bridegroom, aqd is then placed on his bead, or is held over him during the ceremony. The eame takes place with the bride and the other crown. These crowns have no relation to the rank of the couple, but are used at the f marriage of a peasant as well as that of a prince. On the crown of the bridegroom there is the figure of Christ, and on that of the bride is the Virgin. A benediction is given-'*0 Lord our God J Grown them in like manner with glory and honour;" and then follows the "Prokimenon"-;Thoo hast put crowns of precious stones upon their beads; tbey asked life of Thee, and Tbou gavest them a long life; for Thou shalt give them the blessing of eternal life; Tbou shalt make them glad with the joy of Tby countenance." Then comes the "Epistle of the Office," Eph., v. 20,33, and the Gospel, which ;s the 2d chapter of 8t. John's, relat ing to the Marriage in Cam, ending with the 11th verse; the Gospel is pre ceded and followed by the anthem, "Glory be to Thee, 0 Lord, Glory be to Thee." The "Common Cup," con taining wine, is now given by the priest to the bride and bridegroom, wbo each drink out of it three times in remembrance of the Marriage in Cana. Up to this point in the cere mony the marriage might still be broken off should either of the parties change their minds at the last moment; but what now follows makes the mar riage indissoluble. The priest covers his right hand with his vestment, and on it the bride and bridegroom place their right hand, and they are led slowly round the altar. The altar bat no reredos; it is simply like a small pedestal, standing on the floor. This is repeated three times. This practice of circumambulating is a very ancient rite. In the marriage rite ol the Russian-Greek Church this part ol the ceremony is explained to mean that the man and wile are to tvalk through life with the Divine Presence along with them to guide and protect; the mystical three timeB being symbolical of the Holy Trinity. During this part of the ceremony the choir are tinging, "Exult, 0 Isaiah, for a Virgin hath conceived and brought forth a Son, Emanuel, God, and Man; the East is Hi* name; Him do we magnify and call the Virgin blessed." As the two are now one-inseparably bound in the ties of boly matrimony-the priest takes off the bridegroom's crown, saying, "Be thou exalted, O Bride groom, like unto Abraham, and blessed like unto Isaac, and multiply like unto Jacob. Walk in peace, and do all ac cording to the Commandments of God." Taking tbe bride's crown he says-"And thou, 0 Bride, be thou exalted like on to Sara, and rejoice like unto Rebecca, and multiply like unto Rachel; rejoice with thy husband, and keep the ways of the law; and ihe blessing ot God be with thee." At night, when the couple go to their own bouse, the priest also soes to bless it; and they pray to the shrine which is in every Russian household - this is a picture of one of the Saints, with a lamp hanging in front of it, toward* which they perform their devotions, I and always cross themselves before and after meats. A ceremony with bread and salt is also gone through, when the i newly-married pair enter their future1 home (or the first time, as husbrnd j and wife.-Telegraph. 