THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday evening " Macbeth" was played at the Royal to a good house. Mr. Carey making stay creditable appearance as the regicide [?] of Cawdor. In delivery he was especially effeottve, aad a large portion ef the enjoyment cf tte play sras owing to bis admirable con ception of the character and exoellent rendering of tiie text. Mr. Osrey has much 1b his favor in a part like ttia. Of a somewhat im posing atstnie aad an imprewive maaaar, he possesses also a vaaoe dear, flexible and in pettsut oomssaad, ao that in even its whbpering* he as heard distinctly ta tte farthest earner cf tte hnnap. In acting, toa, be was always effective aad generally ap propriate Borate orithton might wish to prune off a few exnbetanoes ef style, bat Wee it altogether tte Macbeth of Saturday night wasa fiwfwiiMsm ef essadteahle aerit, aod cspaUe of being matured into something of still higher oxoeQeace. Mias?owring iaipetsuasted I^dy Macbeth,' and nttt a vivid portraiture of tte amMtiona, bod, remorseless woman, urging her husband to Hie horrible deed that' he would otherwise have left undone. Her imiliiili ef all tha most terrible pea aagss,aadthe aleepwalkiiig soene werettaised tygisat power and the most thorough appre ciatioa ei tte meaning ef the great drama tist. laaeeasofthehvteraoeneatteieaapaared a slight want of earnestness, partimdariy after the hrnsking up of the banquet, but about thia time attention was distracted by tfae interrup. tions in tiie gsUeiy tiiat were a great anacyaaoe j all the evening. Mr. HoDoway made a very fair Mandnff, aad, as wdl as tte great usurper, waa honored with a call before tiie curtain at tte close of tte performance. Mr. West played Banquo wall, both ia tho flesh and aa a ghost. Mr. lawless, as Lennox, prattled his portion of tim text without aay apparent conscious ness of the msealng. Miss Ansteed represented Malcolm, aad was at times telling ia delivery, thoogh ahe naturally enough failed to give a sufficiently masculine tone^to the young Prince's spooriiand.dMneanor. Thewitdies'peifcnnahcea were not so anooessful aa we have aeen them oa onr stage. In aome of their apposrsneas thae waa too mnch light, and aevecsl of the hags soemnd rather anxious to have their real Indi viduality lost sight at, the result bang to de tract from the unearthly character of these apectaclea. Trhe weird sisters srere sometimes matt at fault in the text, and endeavored now and then to conceal this defect by an indistinct utterance. Some of tiie choruses were good, and tte aoenery in the later meetings of Mac beth witt tte witohes was much «^"(nwl. To night " Mammon" will be played. 