REVIEWS. "From Creation to Resurrection" A Scrmon prcached in St. Andrew’s Kirk, Ballarat, on Sunday, 21st December, 1873, by WILLIAM HENDERSON, Minister (Published by request.) Frank Pinkerton, Lydiard street, Ballarat, 1874. , .. . The author takes for his' text Ist. Cor., XT. chap.,; 44 to 49 v., and in his preface he states that the dis course must seem defective and even , fragmentary ”■ since it was part only of a series. Wo do not, how ever, feel this as a difficulty in thoperusal. It seems to be perfect and entire so far as it goes, and it goes a great way, even to the revocation of the Westminster Confession in some of its elements. As an enterprising exponent of a more liberal theology than the ortho dox, any utterance, of the minister of St. Andrew’s is. always deserving attention, and specially from those who do not subscribe, body and' bones, to the older formulas of faith. The author holds, in some sort, to tho theory of developments Adam was the flower of all. foregoing creation, and the first animal endowed with ; a “ living soul,” or a “ sbulish body,” as the author is' fond (vide “ Christianity and Modern Thought”) of ■ reading the authorised version “ natural body." But’ the process of human development still went on, for it was only by blood and sweat that the race has moved np from the savage condition of Adam to our present civilisation. The author holds that Paul differed from Aquinas and Milton his view of the Adamic condition, and Mr Henderson differs too from , them and the AVeatminster Confession, for he repudi ates the story about the fall, ■ and says “ theology has no more call to recognise - any primeval golden age of, humanity than science has.” Adam did. not, in : our author’s’' opinion, occupy so high a place asj orthodoxy allots him,—was, not to put too fine a point upon _ it, rude in morals as in manners. And what is called “the fall” was, in this sermon, ex necessitate rcrum. It was a step in the divine development of humanity, was, in fact, the creation of a:moral conscience, the first step in the elevation of the race as a moral creation. Quoth our author:—, .... ' , '’ ~ , ■ /, / And so, recording to our. apostle, vre are tb observe an order, we are to trace a sublime progress in the alfairs of the world, from beginning to end, in its relation to the Maker from whom it came. In what has'been recorded regarding-the history of Ada.ni, theology has been always only too ready to mark nothing save a breach of the Divine order of things—a breach which it was to require all the' power and mercy of Deity to make good egain/ ‘But, if we read St."Bauds words' in the passage; before us aright, it will appear that in hh mode of ‘slewing the matter,’ there was really- no breach of .the Divine order- at a*J —that the order went on fulQUing itself, in spite of all human obstructions, in the way that had been appointed for-it, on 1 from tho living soul of Adiun to the quickening Spirit of Christ. There was progress all through: even that which-we call the fall was part of the progress. If the apostle’s words : mean anything, they mean that, ; ■ ■ -•'■ - ' ' This is not very orthodox, but it is more reasonable than orthodoxy, and, to our mind, more in real accord ance with Scripture and common-sense than “half thebreeds.” The mission of Christ is.regarded by the author as the complement of human development, as the necessary means whereby, the “ soulish” was to be made “spiritual.” At this,point the author gets among .the fogs of' orthodoxy and. uses some of its phrases, while yet seeming.to cling to the freer theory of development. Ho speaks of an “ atonement,” and a “reconci'iation,", and; a “surety,” as if he were a talking “ shorter” orlonger catechism,” but we must, accept this.as so much homage to;the past, and do our .best to. effect a “ reconciliation” between it and the more intelligible passage; we have cited- above. The’author ’touches, with the directness of strong common-sense, bhe driyelliug cavils which orthodoxy raises here; and; there in its, dullest- regions, at .the advance of science.- He,. naturally ; enough, sees that “from the purely theological -view, it is a matter of very small moment for how many thousands of years the race of man may have existed on the surface of this earth, or what was the exact’ connection of the first" man with the highest of v the, pithecoid dr any other race of’ animals. Such questions lie fairly within the domain of science, and if any settlement of them is possible, it must be arrived at oh scientific grounds.” 1 The' sermon- is one more contribution to the freer thought in theology,, which is a feature,of the times, and is, to use the title of an earlier work of the minister of St. Andrew’s, one more effort to re concile “ Christianity and modern thought.” “ The Man in the Iron Mask ;” A Poetical Romance,- : ih/four books, byGEORGE GordonM’Cr ae; ’’Mel- \- bourne: George Robertson. - - -- ” Mr George Gordon M’Crao, who has written several poems of some’ little merit, has taken the Man in tile Iron Mask as the subject of his last-effort- -Mir M’Crae assumes the'Mask’ to have’been'the'twin brother of Louis; XIV., about which, however, we •may remark there are just now some moTethah con siderable doubts. The poem is divided into' four books, each book dealing with what may- be supposed to have occurred at the four places where the Mask was imprisoned, interspersed with songs- and a tale supposed to be read by the -prisoner. ' AA r e do not think that .the subject is a well-chosen one, nor can we regard the treatment' as ’ happy. The reader soon becomes ■ rather bored with the many re flections of the masked man, and weary of the piling-up of descriptions ! of • his noble face aud kingly air. - The verse, though here and there forcible; and sweet, is not of/sufficient beauty to carry the reader onward, or to compensate forlthe barrenness of the theme. In fact, Mr-M’Crae has qualities as a versifier, but is by no means a poet. He has made considerable progress, of late years, and now shows' far more command ; of, language than in some , of his earlier pieces,; but there is nothing to distinguish his last production from. thousands of others. which appear every year, and leave no trace behind them. No doubt, it is very,’creditable to the author that ho should have employed his spare time in writing sucha poem, and no doubt the poems will greatly interest his friends; and acquaintances, but this is not, unfortunately, enough to warrant.the pro duction of poems in these days of easy ,verse, when the supply is so much larger than the demand. The following affords r a 'fair sample of the author’s powers:— .... ‘ The Mask, log. “Bounds within hounds, and everlasting bars Sunkin deep sockets of unyielding stone;. Bars on the seaward tare, and these I touch; Tho space between—a Temple of the 'Winds, Where eyes, and eyes alone, may venture la. Set la the castle’s wall, through which I view, As through tho chamber of a tcloscopc, The seemingly inimitable sea— A sight I never tire of—whose expanse \- Is endless in its aspects and its tints; To-day a", c.lsply curled in clear green waves AVliere the blue rolls, above the yellow sands. And topped with creamy foam and delicate hel's , And bubbles of transparent hues,’mid which Float lazily the tangles and brown sheaves Of kelp that weltering lie beneath the sun— The wrecked and scattered harvest of-the storm; ’Mid those the sea- grape’s clusters idly hang And sway and waver in tho ripple’s light, As suincmpurpled bundles ’tween sere leaves . On Southern hill-sides swing, in balmy air. . O'er these, loud screaming wheels a flight of gulls, In gradual widening spirals of approach, AVith balanced wings, and'low-dropped hanging feet That slim tho crystal surface as they pass— AH glancing sidelong, with keen amber eyes. Beyond, and yet beyond, lie belts of c dm . ’ With milky streaks between; and passing flaws— , The transient foot-prints of a vagrant breeze: I There’mid broad shadows on the dark blue Held ■ Tacks the taU ship—tho high stern’d c travel— The quaint carrack —tho argosy of Ind; AVith flsher boats between, whose sails of tan Glow into golden chesnut in the sun. Their leaning gunwales hung with dark festoons Of nets and cordage, corks and tiny buoys. And last! between us and yon gloomy rook, Whoso brow is garlanded with wind-blown weed,. Starts out our villain prison-barge, whose erew ; Pulls a slow, solemn stroke, of hollow sound. While the sun flashes on the musquetoons Two listless soldiers bear, but never use. Thus much the eye takes in—blue sea, blue sky, . But less of sky than sea, and little land. 2 , Should this poem reach a second edition, the' author would do well to amend some of his .’lines, iu which flat prose crops out liko boulders in a parterre. It is only fair to say that these rocky portions of the poem are not very numerous,, but yet they, greatly lower its tone, and bring the reader down from the clouds bn to the ground with a very unpleasant suddenness.. Fpr example, we find, in . the introduction the following:- - : Tho voice deep, mellow, yet Not old—it seems as,if.one prayed in song, In Spanish, and in grief. ‘ This reminds the reader, of the epitaph which said that “he died of) the explosion of au old brass pistol and of such is the Kingdom ,of Heaven.” In the same vein Praed wrote. The' lords and tho ladies wiero making love. And the clowns were making hay. But, then, Praed meant to be comic, whilst Mr, M’Crae is decidedly serious. —- “ The Slack Gin and other Pocins." By J. Bruton Stephens. Melbourne: George Kpbertsbh. ; / This is a reprint of ■ some; poems,. many of. which have appeared in the Australasian, and'sbme,- we’. be. lieve, in Queensland papers. . The author, is, we think, a resident in that colony, which, certainly, ought to be proud of having within its bounds a writer whose comic verse would ’ not do .discredit to Europe or America. Most persons who have read the “ Lines to a Black Gin,” “My Chinee Cook,” and “My Other Chinee Cook,"’will welcome them again, as well as other poems not quite so . well known, Mr. Stephens seems to have taken Mr Disraeli’s advice and caught the spirit of the age, which is essentially a mocking spirit. He sees the funny side of things, and puts that funny side into very readable verse. To make a joke out of-the ghost of a headless trooper, said to haunt a swamp somewhere in Riverina,is a feat to beproud of, and one which could not have beendone very safely in other days; ' The joke, however, is a good dnoi arid that is sufficient, justification, • The poor ghost cannot; get ‘‘leave to go to pot,’.’ because they have ■ fixed the: faro per head, and he- “no bead has got,” and old: Charon will have nothing to do with him. The ghost' says:— A drachma onco I offered him. Six times the laro in Greek; - . ,:. ■ ■He merely cursed my impudence,; ■ ■■ ; And pushed o£t,in a pique:— • ■ . I didn’t think a faceless man 1 Could be accused of cheek. \Vo might quote ,much that would arouse interest in; the poems of Mr Stephens, but wo can only recoin-’ mend our readers encourage, native industry by' buying the book for themselves. This ,is -a "piece of advice we do not often give in regard. to colonial, ; poetry, or English for that matter, and it is, therefore, wo hope, all the more significant." - To our mind, Mr Stephens’, poems give promise of better things than he has yet done, and we should not bd at all surprised i to see him rank with humorists who have made a noise in the world. 