TO THE EltXTO.R OF THE GRAFTON ARGUS. Sir, — The excitement of a grand election has been prophesied by many during the past few weeks, and every one has been on the tip-toe of expectation for a crash at Macquarie-street. The crash has come but rather unexpectedly, anu me ievensn excitement anu uuiMcruus en thusiasm has not followed. This city at least is as quiet and as orderly as upon very unextra- ordinary week days ; and need there is not that it should be otherwise. Our duty is clear — First, in recognition of the services of Mr. Bawden in the past, we should show our appreciation by electing him unopposed, and I do hope that both Mr. Fisher and Mr. Madgwick, who are the only two who I have heard of as likely candidates, will withdraw from the contest in Mr. Bawden's favor, who should be asked to stand again. As the time that new Parliament will last will only be a few months, -it could not be much honor either to Mr. Fisher or Mr. Madgwick, while to Mr. Bawden it would be an evidence that his services had been appreciated. If Mr. Fishtr stands, it will only injure Mr. Bawden ; and if Mr. Madgwick stands, it will only put Mr. Bawden to the annoyance of contesting the election with him, as it must be well known to Mr. Madgwick that he has not the ghost of a chance against Mr. Bawder. Yours, &c.;, ULMARRA. Ten years ago the United States imported about 100,000 quarters of grain yearly from Kiel, Germany, alone. At the present time the ex ports 'Considerably exceed the imports. Vive of those detestable "larrikins" have been very properly fined at the Sydney Police ijjCourt for throwing stones. It is a luxury which een " roughs," who do not live in glass houses should be taught to dispense with. The Sydney correspondent of a Western con temporary says that an amusing incident is being narrated in connection with the honor of knight hood conferred on Sir E. Deas Thomson. Her Majesty's pleasure was first conveyed to .Mr. Thomson by telegaam. . Without even waiting for its confirmation in regular qourse by mail, Mr. Deas Thomson employed an eminent artist of this city to paint not only a portrait of him in the uniform and appendages of the order, but also to paint its jewel on all his portraits (oil) extant in the city, including the full length one pf him at the University. Independent of the littleness of mind thus displayed by one who has been sometimes called one of the greatest states men of New South Wales, this proceeding may almost be viewed - in the light of a deception, since the portrajjt-of the hon. gentleman ten /years ago should not bear the insignia of the knight ot to-day. In the last twelve months 4,739,027 gallons of spirits were manufactured in Canada; and 1,584,474 gallons were imported. 