ON MABIiTAGE. Marriage is an old custom wlich, like killing rats, was begun when people were ignorant, and has stuck lo them even to ibis day. Men are married to two kinds of things — ideas and women. Ideas arc the one-pouud-iiolc currency, the North west Passage, vegetable diet, the national debt, old china, and patent corkscrews. -t omen arc girls and nurses and matrons and governesses und heroines and maiden aunts aud widows and spinsters and blue stocLiiiRS nt;d niaidfland flirt* and prudes. There is aU another kind, colled inothpr iii-liiw. or chouls. Women live fl,fet|-' in drawing-rooms. nurseries, simps, and kiichons. They are mostly low pimple, and no men of any respectability ufcuocintu with them. I havu written about them before, and as [ am now writing natural history, or a descrip tion of nil tin; other kiiidi-of serpents and insects, E w ill not say anything more uboul t bciii . If women must bo written about, & second-class wan must be cot to do it I only write about wh»t I ehooso. Ideas arc k:c|it in the ht'ads of members of Parliament, and men who have cot Bun-stroke, and men who can't chew, aud lawyers, and dukes who have got gout and Qfoney, and men who wiint to get lip com panies. Ideas arc sometimes bettor Ibau property, for they enable men to live without working op paying income-tax. Somplimcs, howcver,l|if-y are more expen sive to kepp limn a pack of bounds or a ship of war. \Y!i n you talk to a man about nn idea which he has married, l|p nota red in tbc face, throws his unns wildly about him, and commences making a speech. If a man gets very violent about an idea to which be is married, his friends lock him qp in a (pure room, and (bed him wilh bread and water through the key-bole, and ask tbo Lord Chancellor lo act as agent for bis property. This makes tbe man so savage that ho tries to stab him self with rolled upoopici of comic journals. I once saw a man who was married to tbe idea of making tbo whole world bappy by Riving a tandem to every working man. Ho was very rich, and had tnado presents of forty tandems wben }\\\t peo ple put him into tho room,. At, tfio ame I went to »ee him lie. was iittlng on a shelf iu a back kitchen, nod h.nd all the daily papen twisted up into a rein, nnd was trying to drrre anoBco (tflo| w H,o chimney. He com,pj(iin.ed. tq tne *»* .WfWMp.T™ »t-W« enoflEh tn bald in hu hone when it attempted to «by or rim away. I aiked him if lie Ind tried lho Daily TrU.n;,,,/,. He s.ii.1. ' Ves ;' but thai tbe moment he put the Dally Tvlnirapl- near his horse the uiiimal commenced kicking uud plmmiue; (?? mieb \ nilcgm- (Jiiil he hud lo mil lln- ujwlc household lo his nssisKincc. lot of women, hul as they liecatnc more J enlightened they gradually lessened the i oucc told luc tiiat iu thu*e days every otic had such an immense family llial no woman could tell her mother from her father's other wives, nud , consequently, there wus uq danger ft oiu luollicrs-iu-lav [ In many hurbarous countries, such as Germany, nnd ihc I'nnnibal islands, aud Turkey, men even slid marry more limn lo be translated next year inlo the lau iuhnhilunts will Ihcn be ubie (o improve Iheirmiu.ls, und hecome rational bciuK«. the custom will disappear Ironi Ihe curl I,. Whei met 1 aye h ? mnrri 1 f ? lime, a lot of small creatures, with nil lies and hone rings iu their hands, begin to creep about the house, uud lull inlo wulcr-jugs, and burn Iheir hair al thekitehen'fire, and drink boiling water out of the kettle on the bob, and swallow brass nails, and put soap into Ihe tea cups. After a little while these become children, in which unhappy slate they cat clecluury for breakfast, aud wooden skewers and potatoes fried in castor oil for dinner, uud jam spread over rubnrb powder for tea. They swallow two fourpcnny-picccs u week, and fall out of u window Iwo or threo times each mouth. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, und lie al the bottom in Ihc dark, until the man with the coals tumbles over them. They get sills und one another'^ foreheads. 'lin'V arc introduced by their nurses to- every ghost that is smull enough lo come down the chimney. They arc put under solus, or out on Ihe leads, like flower-pots, when an rout- visits the house. Their skin is Krrnped oil' lour or five times n day with line wire gauze mid yellow soup. why people prefer huving children in their houses to dogs or cuts or zebras is because you can amuse yourself by making a child unhappy all day long, but a brulc is only miserable when it is suffering from cold, hanger, or a uealing.— ICssays hy E. Kink. 