STORYi:OF- DONOYAN'S SPEIRiIT. Wonst upon a .time (Finmmy ways persisted in comnieccin ghis narratives withathis well-known phrae)-"thero=ýva a' boy.nnamld' linnads'aalone, lived in a .little hut close by the Toa (they were only bcgnhinn ngtoin?lte It hibitimie) s thralseoe from Geelonfi 't&Warrnambool; where the darlint apples of Ould Ireland'groies s beautiful. Thisl Dinny Malone was a cripple, an' deed to shepiherd sheep for ould hungry M'Lean, that had a station about there.. Dinny was the seventh soh av his. mother, iaid was ~ orn on a Friday ; which; besides givin' him bad luck, and he had plenty av that same, 'med Ihim so that he should see ghosts and speiwitsav teey lem' nigh to: him.. Nor, over aforeninst his hut, jest a weeny bit down the road; was the reimains of an ould. piublic-house that had been burntdown' bme time before, an' niver built agin, for the new one was pue up full three miles Now 'this onld grogshop hbad a hbad nae, for :'twas raid to be haunted.. Theihan that kep it first died' ii it'aid "ti?'i-thought 'by foul play.' His' .name was Donovan; aind they was bauld lags, both, him an' his wife, an' th'ey~ ?d a power bo money thim times. But. Donovan took 'bad, and the woman"she was'a'regular she-villain; th'rated him awful bhad Whin things wint crooked wid her, she'd go and hammer her sick husband in his bed, wliileheo'd.be shrieking for mercy, till at'last he' died, and they said she did away wid him by somee thing she put in his drink, for she was a don hand iatIhoccussing, as many a chap knew to his cost. Soon after she cleared out an' sold the pirce to a m'n:nanieod: lackly, but he wasn't in it long till the gliost av ould Donovan, wid his tallow coloured cheeks and big red nose, got walking round at nights. The sarvint in the kitchen saw him first, and screeching millia murther, wint swately into a fit under the dresser. Thin a chap stoppin' in the house saw him come into his room wan-night, and nearly tuk lave of his senses; and :so it soon 'got wind, and nobody cared much' to'stop at thepJlace. Nodta'ther the house wa burntdowui wan mnight, and the landlord didn't care to put it up agin, and so it was left to the native cats and swallow,, and old Donovan's ghost. Now there was a notion got about somehow'that deolu Donovan` had buried a power av money somewhere in the pub, and this Dinny iMalone If was tellin' yeiav used to be often havin' great dreams that he'ds found it, and spinit a great dale av. his time-nrech inog in the rains, but never seen a sight av the sperrit, so that he got to think at last that there wasn't no ghost at all ; but, begor I he never.med 'a bigger mistake in his life, as you'll see directly. Wellu, wan New Year's night he had a dramis that he seen ould Donovan liftin' up the hearthstone, and that underneath there was a pile av .golden guineas. This dream seemed so mighty rale and natteral that up he jumps from his bed an' off to the ruins. He ups wid the ou!hl hearthstone, and starts diggin's for bare life. Allv aa suddint he comes on somethin' hard lFke the top av a box, so he just throws down his spade, stocp over to see what the thing is, and his breeches was stretched mighty tight, when whack comes the spade where me natteral modesty purvints me from mintioning, and head over heels goes poor Dinny into the hole. The fright be got nearly med him insenible, but he scramblles to his feet, and turns round to oec who struck him,.and up wint ivry hair on his head like a sornhhin' brush, for there foreniust him, wid a grin on his ugly mug, was osld Dohovan's ghost. Down wint Dinny on his knees like ashot. "Ah ah I me bowld Mr Dinny Malone," see the sperrit; "eo you've sprung ould Donovan's plant at last, bare ye, ye thafe of the worald."' : Oh I av ye ! Mr Dirti l or; Dolr gnownaa, eor,_rbtivec Ye are, sure let me off this woest s'aid'l:'ll"iivver cmeo near or" touch yer-g:ovld agin." ses hoet ' Will you swear to LI at "' ?I.the ghost. " Faix, IT will, yer riverinte, L.heg pardon, I mane yrr ghostlincas," ses.Dinav.t:?" Here thsin; swear it on my-thigh-bione,'s'eer the li rst,,','crewii it (for ye see he was a'l screwed together widwire, like the skcllingloi in.the AinnyTomical laussum), and houldisie it tot t - him-"~; in,'- niow, I'll tinder the oath :-The ivideuce yoh shall'give in; hies rase, -shall be the truth, the while truth, an' nothin' but the truth. Kiss the bone :lut howld on a min nit," says the ghost (as Dinny was just going to do as he was bid), an' hlioedmmences. cratching the topl av his skull wid the bone le held in his hand, "hould 'm's i-minnit; pe'haps I can make an arrangement will be of benefit to.ye. Ye must say, Dinny, that I died widout bIenelit i clergy, and so things a'int so Comfortable wid me as I could wish, secin' I never could stand the hot weather even in Australia. " Now, look here,-av I let you take my gowld, will you see Father M'Ginnis, down in Warrnambool,,an' get him to have forty masses 'ed for my i),wl 'iveiy year ?' "Faix, I will, an' that wid pleasure, yert spirituality,". es Dinny, quickly. "lHere ye are, thin. swear it," sea the ghost,houldin! ut'the bond.-Dinuy kissed the; tip av it.' "Now," sea ths sperrit, 'jest wan thing n?,re. I shall expect to see 'yeaou this day year, to tesll tm-ysohsw :yast are.doing,'wlm my aeos, -and wistitser the ,ssaes'issald lproperly." "1Ye may, thin,. for aartin, yer mightiness' glory," sea Dinny, eagerly, forye see he was monsthrously puzzled to know what to call his awful" ecompanion, so's to be respectful. 'LMind, now, ye kape yer word," sea the aperrit, "for, av ye don't come to me, ' bythe" tip as the tail of a jintleman friend of mine,' an' that's a sharp oath, I'll come to you ; d'ye mind me, now?" An' :id that he just gives a flourish av his thigh' bone that he held in his band, like a asillaly. an' wint slap through the bottom av the holes like a strake of grased lighting, lavin' Dinny wid the box av gould in his hand. Jimmy, who had preserved a most solemn exprea. slon, spite of the merriment:of all round, paused here, and slowly and reflectively drew a' lucifer across his moleskins, keeping' one thumb on the bowl of his pipe. . " ell,'! said' I, "and what becanme of this Dinny ~Malone and his gold?" " Oh I he was Misther Dinny Malone, Esquire, by yer lave, afther thatian' walked wid agould-headed cane whin he didn't ride in his carriage and pair. He wint to Ballarat :soon after, an' tuk to share. broking, an',.other, villiny, wid the, money he got from the ghost, med a terrible big pile besides, an' bekem a highly-respected jiotlenian, an' a mimber of Parlimint.' But ivery year, as sartin of the-New Year's Day kemrn round, ould Dinny would drive in his carriage up to the new hotel'at the Stony Rises, lave it there, an' whin night kem on he'k tek his books undher his arrum, an' hobble up to the ould ruins.':Then. he'd find Donovan's ghost sittin' on the d-aip hearthstone,'waitini' for him, wid a-pipe stuck in his gob, quite jolly like, singing, singing '--"St Kevin and the king." D'ye know the ift. This is it; and Jimmy.atruck.up with comical gravity- - "As St Kevin sw a waesdern' Near a place called Glendal Lochb, S" lie nmet his Maity the King, ' An' he naked elm for a ahocl. ' Seathe ng' You are a stranger, I'7 lend you esy dudeen.' Widmodingaring ara." n' thia whin he'd git to the chorus, he'd thump away wid his bone on the ould hearthstone to kape time; till Dinny would come in wid the books, an: thin the two would go into thim, an', av it was a good year the ghost would be in high Wlee ; but av l)iny lost money-oh I murther, but he'd be in ylclhher: an' he'd shake the bone at poor Dinny, threathen he'd give him the contents av it ar he didn't do betther next time; an' vbhin ould Dinny died at last,-the boys round there swear that ivery year yet, on New Year's Night. the ghost of ould Douovan,,aind the speiiit 'of Dinny Malone, dieas ?be 'matin' in the aold.puh;,to - over the books wonst more' Only now,: whid t-hy'vd done, they both starts to sing!" St Keviiian'.the King." An' chaps that was by that way at. night heard them lifting away for ham life, an'.-both bating time wid their thigh-bones on the ould hearthstone.-John. son's "Cbristmas on Carringa"' 3 1' An Old Lady's Lecture- on Hasty Mar riages. - "Laws-a-massy I soul 'sakes ! When I'as young; ,'twas different then. Why, iwhen folks.ws a-goingto get 'marriil,·itheyotook time and meditated'upon it,aniid kinder"·titdied'e?ch other out, and reflected and .considered; and wliien they did get married for sartin and very much married-marrid frin top to toe-and they expected to stay married, there warn't no talk of your divorces then. They knew beforehand that they. was to 'hey anhd tolholdtihl gri'i death; -and most 'uouallypdid.'' But nor a':yoiung fellow ses a pretty gil, anidiasks he t.matryhim, just as he'd. lk her to, takes a,walk- and shabe's all ready--' yc, sir, - and:ithank yer,: too'L-nd they go and get mairied, with no* more iealizing sense' of theice respensibility tlidiu CohlsItbliik iliar h In ho:etiitters and chirps to Jeiny, Robin. Well, pretty soon they go at it--she finds she don't like tobacco smoke, and ho don't like a wife that can't do'a thing but frizzle her lair-and so on it goes, from had to worse, until .at' last they she foi divorces; : And they'll get it,- too. ,:'And forwhat ? Why, for uncomfortability of temper ! -Oh, laws a-massy I soul: sakes !now, .id. you ever l- ' uncoomfoitability of temper I' Oh, .Lordy !" "Incompatibility of temper, Mrs. Hutchinson," I suggested. " Yes, I: know it; I said 'so uncomfortability, of -.temper-them's 'the' words 'that does it. Well, is .not there allers- uncom fortability of temper in everyfamily, ;and . allers has been, and allers will be ! Only in the good old times'they used to screw it down, and keep it under ;and so you see they managed to get along without none of your divorces." Those zealoos advocates of women's rights, who hold that the female sex do not occupy the position in England that they deserve, should emigrate to Iowa. U. S., which according to all accounts, i a. I true women's paradise. Not only are most of the I State officers and jnldges in favour of women suffrage, but the reporters, copyists, and paper I foulders in the State capital are principally women, as also six of the counntry school superiutendentsb and all- the earolling and engroseinj clerks in the p aRees 'N" ilt the Stet : { &bA.u-..; , At the 