THE MANAGING MOTHER. "Coming to visit us !" cred (sic) Mrs. Brewster, in accents of tragic despair, as she elevated her two hands in the air and rolled her eyes heavenward. "Coming to visit us !" echoed Mir- anda, her daughter, "Mamma, never !" "Read the letter for yourself," said Mrs. Brewster. And Miranda, taking the epistle gingerly between her finger, and thumb, read "Dear Cousin—"Business bringing me to New York about the middle of June, I shall visit you, if agreeable, at that time. Truly yours, H. Stokington." "The horrid old nuisance !" she cried, as she dropped the note. "Mamma, what are we to do ? Aunt Elgin says he's in- tolerable. He wears a ginger-coloured suit, with patches on the elbow ; talks through his nose ; reads Blair's sermons aloud in the evening, and insists on coming in to see every one that calls, and telling 'em what miserable sinners theyare." "He's only a second cousin, after all," said Mrs. Bremster musingly—"on your papa's side." "And has nothing to leave us," added Miss Miranda. "I don't see why we are to victimise ourselves on his account. Mamma it does seem to me as if we were tormented to death with poor relations. There's Patty now—papa's sister's step- daughter—she's been here a month, and she don't even try to get a place as gover- ness." "She has advertised." "Yes, mamma, I konw but nobody answers her advertisements. Why don't she go to an Educational Bureau, or apply to some Board of Trustees, or some- thing ? It's my opinion she would rather live here and do nothing, than to earn her bread." "Miranda, look here !" cried Mrs. Brewster, her face lighted up with a sudden inspiration "We never deceived' this letter." ', Eh, mamma ?" "We never got it, I tell you," said Mrs. Brewster impatiently, as she tore it in pieces and threw the slips into the scrap basket. "We'll start for Newport to-morrow, you and I. Aunt Elgin can easily secure rooms for us if we telegraph at once; and Patty shall stay and keep house—it's all she's good for." "Shall you tell her that Cousin Hab= akn—— "And betray my whole scheme ? That's so likely, isn't it ? No, no—we are not responsible for the company that arrives during our absence. Patty will make as good an audience as anybody for Cousin Habaknk's sermons and lectures, and she can do the housework too. I'll take Jane with me for a maid, and so the matter will be nicely arranged. Miranda jumped up and clapped her hands. "Mamma," she cried, "what a manager you are ! You ought to haye been a man, and Minister Plenipotentiary to some court or other. You would have made a splendid diplomat." "Never mind that just now," said Mrs. Brewster sharply. "Let us see about packing pour trunks." * * * * * * "What fun ! cried Patty Brewster, tiptoeing about the big, empty drawing- room, and peeping slyly into the depths of the great mirrors above the mantel, where her plump fac was reflected, with all its ringlets and dimples, and varying shades of rose and pearl. "And to think I've got it all to myself ! I'm all alone in this great house, with the crickets, and the shadowg, and the winking gas-lights in the streets. I'm glad there are no ghosts in New York. I declare, it makes one feel like a grown-up young lady in good earnest.'' And to carry on the delusion, Patty scampered up-stairs and dressed herself in one of her cousin's blue silk dresses, with a floating scarf, a grenadine over-skirt, and a knot of artificial violets in her hair. "Now I'm Miranda," said she uncon- sciously imitating, before the glass, Miss Brewster's drawing-room airs and graces "Oh how nice it must be to be a fash- ionable young lady." And Patty went down stairs to sit in the balcony to watch the passers-by, half- frightened at her own temerity in "playing Marinda," half delighted at the novelty of her situation. "Miss Brewster ?" It was a tall, slender young man, very handsome, with dark eyes and hair, and dressed with excellent taste, who came up the steps, carrying a portmanteau, and paused halfway at the blue silk apparition which glimmered on the balcony in the twilight. "Yes," faltered Patty; adding to herself, "It's the gasman, I suppose, or the tax es (sic), or something." 'I am so glad," said he frankly, reaching his hand over towads her. "I" 1 am your cousin Stokington." ' 'Are , you ?' ' said Patty," wondering who on earth he might be, "Will you please walk in ?" "I suppose your mother is at home ?" he kindly asked. "No, sir, she isn't," said Patty. "No ? Then perhaps you did not receive my letter ?" "I have seen no letter," said Patty. "But here's some mistake, I dare say. Please to walk in. I am not Miranda. I'm only Patty, and they're all away from home. But I dare say I can cook you some supper." Mr. Stokington, not Cousin Habakuk at all, but Mr. Hartley Stokington, quite a different personage, stood a minute pondering. Evidently there was some misunderstanding. "I'm a capital cook myself," said he, suddenly rousing himself from his reverie "I have broiled trout on the banks of the Thames; and picknicked on the shores of the Nile, on dishes that would make your hair stand on end. I'll help you Miss Patty." "But," hesitated Patty, remembering sundry lectures delivered to her at various times by Miss Brewster, "would it be— would it be quite-proper ?" "Why not ?" "I'm sure I don't know,", said Patty, dropping her long lashes, and colouring a pale pink, like a sweet flower. "Neither do I," said Mr. Stokington. "So come on." * * * * * * "Hartley Stokington's name on the hotel's register !" said Miss Miranda Brewster, "Mamma, if that isn't the luckiest combination of circumstances, Why he's a millionaire, and just returned from the East. Let us send up our cards at once. We are the nearest relatives he has, and—" "Yes, yes," said Aunt Elgin, nodding her bead—she was a little dried up old lady, who had rather a genius for making herself disagreeable—"it's all very de- lightful, but you'd better bear me to the end. I saw the entry myself: Hartley Stokington—and wife !" "And wife ?" echoed Mrs. Brewster. "And wife !" almost shrieked Miss Miranda, overwhelmed, figuratively speak- ing, with the ruins of her Alnascher temple of fancy. At the same moment the door swung open and a grinning mulatto waiter an- nounced:— "Mr. and Mrs. Stockington." Little Patty Brewster, in dove-coloured silk, and orange buds in her hat, ran into Mrs. Brewster's ams. "Oh, Aunt Caroline, I am so obliged to you ! It never would have happened if you hadn't gone away and left me to keep house. And I know I'm not half as good enough for Hartley ; but he loves me ; and, oh ! I am so happy !" And Mrs. Brewster, swallowing down a lump i her throat, was obliged to to gasp out her unwilling congratulations. She left Newport the next day for home, and just three days afterwards Cousin Habakuk came, ginger-coloured suit, tin bathing-tub, tracts, drugs and all, to spend a month. "Dear, dear !" sighed Mrs. Brewster; "why couldn't I have stayed at home before, and left Providence to manage matters for me ?"—Bon Bells. 