As tlie free-traders have had the candor to announce, through their organ, that they have no expectation of a reaction in favor of free-trade taking place for many a long day to come, we may fairly regard Mr. Sichei.'s candidature, aud the appearance of so many free-traders in and about Melbourne at this moment, as a mere ruse, intended to serve no other purpose whatever than that of diverting the attention of the electors from the true issue which has been sub mitted to them. To the consideration of that issue they can now return with complete singleness of purpose. Tlie free-trade cry is a sham, and its authors are tho very last per sons c'to believe in its genuineness. Free-trade, after Mr. Sichel's pattern, would be a very inconvenient gift to the majority of them just now, and so they are quite content to wait a little longer for the concession. Tlie admis sion shows tlie miserable state of un certainty and vagueness into which tlie free-traders have fallen over their own plans, but it also indicates that they have been driven from their last strong hold, just as they have been thrust ignominiously from every position which they have taken up in the controversy. One aft r another their arguments against the Government scheme of constitutional reformhaveboen irretrievably defeated, and then hope lessly surrendered. They objected to it in tbe first place because it did not dis- close tbe means by which the Govern ment intended to carry it into effect. Ibis objection was met by a reference to their own approval of the Govern ment silence, given, at the time Mr. Francis announced his policy to the Assembly. It is not likely that we shall hear any more from this class of objectors during tbe remainder of the crisis. Another reason for opposing the Government will have to be relinquished in the same way. Its opponents have never wearied of warning the country that all legisla tion was to bo brought to a stand-still till Mr. Francis had carried his scheme of reform. With men like Mr. Pat terson, of Castlemaine, this was a favorite excuse for declining to touch the powers of the Upper House; but even Mr. Patterson will hardly at tempt. to bamboozle tbe miners of Gastlemaine with it after the public and- explicit statement of Mr. Cohen that the ordinary requirements of the country would be legislated for in the usual way, just as though nothing had happened to distract public attention from them. The Government have a policy ; on all the verted questions of the hour, and they, will submit it to the Assembly at the proper time. They will attempt to legalise mining on private property, and they will revise the tariff in tlie direction which the protectionists de sire, and which the free-traders tell us they have no longer any serious inten tion of resisting. The Government, wo wcrealso told, did not intend to introduce an Electoral Bill for tho Council.; but Mr. Gillies's speech nt Maryborough must be a final answer to those who pretend that it was ever intended to leave tho Upper House unreformed. Mr. Fuancis has no such intention, and nothing that he has ever said or done justifies the imputation of it. The very plan of reform which tho friends of the Upper House have been sketching out for it, in tho hope of averting tlie radical alteration of its constitutional relations to the Assembly, was announced' by Mr. Francis in tho ministerial programme that he sub mitted to Parliament last session. The reason why he made no attempt to enrrv it into law is known to every voter and candidate in the colony. The Upper House had laid aside the bill dealing with tlie electoral reform of the Assembly, and Mr. Lanc.tox. a few days ago, threw a little more light upon Ihe attitude taken up by that body towards the question of its own reform. It seems that a private caucus of its mem bers was held for th« special purpose of discussing the situation, and nt that caucus it was determined that the idea of reforming themselves must be scouted as intolerable. The decision was communicated to Mr. Francis by the representative of tho Government in the Upper House, and Mr. Francis naturally enough concluded that lie had no other course to adopt hi t to accept the rebuff' in patience till the general election gave him an opportunity of resenting it. This is the explanation of the matter, given on un impeachable authority, and we should like to know what the opponents of the Government have to say to it. If they have a particle of candor about them they will accept the reproof, and .withdraw tlicir objection on this score, as they have been compelled to with draw every other. A nd if they do, as they cannot help doing, they have literally not a pretext to offer for their hostility. They have been dislodged from every position that they took up. They have voluntarily sur rendered their free-trade preten sions. They can no longer complain that the progress of legislation is in danger of being stopped to mnke way for a reform that is not wanted ; and they can no longer pretend that tbe reform which they would substitute for it would be accepted by the Council, or would do away with tho obstructive powers of the Council, if it were. If they continue to cavil at the ministerial measure, they must invent somo otlier reasons for finding fault with it, or the elector's willlook npon their opposition as merely covering some secret design, and dictated by some ulterior motives. What that design is does not need a second thought to discover. The friends of the Council do not want to see its powers curtailed on any pretext what ever. This is the cause of their agita tion. It is not protection which they, dread, for they have just acknowledged that by the aid of protection a large number of industries have been estab lished in the country. It is the ghost of taxation that stares them in the fnce, and which they look to the Council to lay for them. A question touching the inviolability of telegrams cropped up recently in the Court of Insolvency at Maryborough, andfor the first time, we believe, in this colony exception was taken to the Telegraph department producing such documents upon the mere summons of the court. An insolvent, named Besta, had gone away to Queensland, and telegrams had passed between Besta's wife and others, subsequently, which it was believed afforded a clue to the in solvent's private affairs. The usual notice was served upon tho Deputy Postmaster-General to produce the documents, and in answer to Mr. Trench's objection to their being read, liis Honor Judge Forbes declared that if the department did not object he could not prevent tlie production of the telegrams. It is to be regretted that Mr. Trench, in making his ob jection, did not allow himself wider scope than was afforded by the local case in which he was engaged. In an English case connected with the Taunton election, heard before Judge Grove, the Telegraph depart ment produced the telegrams, but ob jected to supply tliem as evidence unless ordered to do so by tho court. I n the Maryborough case the Telegraph de partment did not object to produce the messages passing between Mrs. .Besta and her friends, and Judge Forbes simply declined to interfere with the action of the department. In the Taun ton election proceedings, an official from the Post Office attended upon subpn?na with the telegrams, stating at the same time that he was ordered not to produce them, except under authority of the court. .Tu the Maryborough case the local telegraph master produced the documents with out any protest whatever. It is the Telegraph department, therefore, rather than the judge, that is upon trial ns re gards the inviolability of telegrams; and Mr. Trench, as a lawyer, would have done good service to the public by re cognising this fact, and questioning the propriety of the Postmaster-General producing any telegram upon a mere subpoena without protest, the contents of which might be speculated upon by a litigant for far wider purposes than the object of the immediate trial itself. When Judge Grove declined to order or even to recommend the production of the Taunton election telegrams, he stopped short of laying it down as a binding rule that tele grams are absolutely inviolable, and the wisdom of this exception is manifest. A great crime, for example, might be committed, in which the ends of justice would be defeated, if, perhaps, a tele gram, as the only link in the evidence, were wanting. In such ease, we . may assume, from Judge Grove's ruling, that the court would unhesitatingly order- ' the production of the docu ment. But if, in every trivial case brought into court, a man's private correspondence by telegrams might be produced by merely serving a subpoena upon the Postmaster-General, then, as a matter of fact, there wonld be no inviolability in telegraphic corres pondence, and a premium would be offered for petty litigation, for the malicious purpose of exposing private affairs,' or taking advantage of import ant business operations. When Mr. Justice Forbes said, in Mrs. Besta's cuse, " if the department makes no ob jection to produce the telegrams I cannot prevent it," his Honor kept within the strict limit of his duty, but at the ' same time i significantly indicated ; that perhap the Telegraph authorities were not doing theirs. With out running counter in any way to judicial rights, it is the duty of the Postmaster-General, who litis control of telegraphs, not to mnke access to -pri vate telegrams so easy that any poi son may be encouraged to bring a sham action for the certainty it will afford of obtaining an' insight into a plaintiff's private affairs. -The subperna of tlie court must, of course, be obeyed, and the telegrams be taken into court as directed; but in justice to the public, these documents should not be produced save under pro test, and the onus should in all cases be cast upon the judge of making ah order for their production. f?o far this has not been the practice in the colony; a subp ena ' to 'produce all telegrams " of such a person" sufficing to bring a Telegraph official into court with a bundle of documents ' which may con tain, perhaps, what is necessary to the trial, but which may contain also mat ters not at all relevant to it, but matters irrelevant to the issue, touching closely, it may he, both private .reputa tion 1 and fortune. It may be hoped that the Telegraph authorities will see the wisdom of altering their practice in this respect, and be guided in future by the opinion laid down by tlie English judges, and which was echoed re.ently by Judge Forbes at Maryborough. 