METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. I mast have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on all I please. — Shakspere. The crowd of politicians are just now like the gatherings at the theatre on the first night of a new piece, waiting for the doors to open. As soon as the bolt is drawn, on rash the eager sight-seers, each one anxious to get a front seat, " pell mell," jostling each other on the way to the money box. Some succeed in getting to the front by brute force, others by stratagem, as in the common affairs of life. The Age takes Francis to task for his reticence. The gentlemen who want to be members desire to be on the safe side, and won't speak until tbey know what they are expected to say. The Age "Burns to set the imprisoned wranglers free, And give them voice and utterance again." Mr Godfrey, solicitor, has ventured upon the " sea of ice." There is a story tokl of Clarkson, the Old Bailey barrister, in days gone by, to the effect that in con sequence of advocates not being ready wuen iiaeir clients were called, some in convenience resulted, an order therefore was issued that cases should be called likely to occupy any particular day, and counsel engaged in them were expected to answer to their names when called. uiariison was called. " Beady," said he. "Which side?" asked the crier. I don't know," said 0., ' but I know lam ready." Our Melbourne lawyer does not know which side he is on, but lie knows he is ready to be a member. He is a Liberal, and will follow the lead any where. He has made money at law yering, and don't want to be paid for li s valuable and brilliant services like vulgar fellows, who have been devoting t heir time to politics and learning how 10 legis late, when they ought to hare luu-n minding their own business, as he has done. He don't like the Permissive Bill, but likes Protection, and will, if pos- sible, always be on the winning side. At the celebrated election for ;he borough of Eatanswill, Mr Pickwick advised a timid gentleman to shout with the mob "But suppose there be two mobs," said the nervous one. " Then shout with the largest," said Pickwick. If Godfrey gets into politics his chief busim-s will be to discover which is the largest mob, nor is he the only politician of this c:a-s who will show up at this next election. Collingwood, the hotbed of Protection, sent a mouth or two since an invitatou to Mr Service, the most prominent free trader, to do their representation. Ser vice in the seat of Yale ! 0 lew pom , 0 mores.' " What a falling off is theiv !" Peter Lalor woos bis old love, and there is every appearance that ' Barkis is willin'," and that the hero of Ihe Eureka Stockade may again sit iu the seat be has so long occupied. Mr Lalor does not believe in payment of members gene rally, but believes iu £SOO per year for the snug billet ol Chairman or Com mittees, which post he has ever shown he had no objection to fill, and would rather sacrifice himself on the altar of his country at that price than for a paltry £800. Casey has taken the Governor out for an airing in the Australian Alps. Casey knows well that puzzling proposition which excited our special wonder in our nonage of how many bine beaus runk-- 1 five. The Evening Herald disagrees with Showing round governors, but perhaps \- there is a slight dash of envy about their opposition. Smith, of The Argus, is taken along with them to chronicle the vice-royal progress, and the lesser eaterers for public information must be eontent with the crumbs of news which fail from the rich man's table. Casey is lord of the soil in virtue of his ofiice : SO he simply takes Governor Bowen round to show him what a great mau he (Casey) is. " I am mouarcn of all I survey ; My right there is none to dispute ; From the centre all round to the sea, I am lord of the fowl and the brute says the Minister of Lands. It's jolly vhila it lasts, who can blame Casey fur making the most of it ? Gillies takes up his big brother with iini to Maryborough. The papers an nounce that the Minister of Railways :kaperons the Minister of Education for the ostensible purpose of laying the foundation-stone of the State school at Maryborough. ' Of course, the visit has Hot the remotest connection with .politics. L Bv the by, we are about to have the 'question of propriety id railway corre spondence tested in the Supreme Court. Sir Redmond Barry is an undoubted authority on such matters, and indeed on all matters of etiquette and deport ment. One David Donald, being a day laborer, was concerned in getting some carriages into a fix, with some other yardsinen ; but as it could not be dis severed who was to blame, the traffic manager acted upon the plan adopted by jiic prudent tradesman who could not -Her to whom he had sent a saddle : ' " im", '->d jfc to all his customers, ' ,D the nght one. bs M, to ,, a„. av trallic manager fine. . \- iu demurred, and took . /eUef" I-ft> Tint, a mv>n f. dpfll 1 "IS 1 \- i o , ii' . - which had better have been left on , G-ues can't stand letter- writing' by if easy democracy. He made a shock- it' example of Donald — sacked him — fet ii!:c Banquo's ghost, the latter fans up again and demands one j jb-usand pounds Us the price of the ! want of appreciation of what j fir Watts was pleased to call "the j avirmart of writing." Yin P:uitoiI1ime at the Royal has been a is' iUaex:'ul!''ed success, and the wonder iJ,JVV a repetition of such crowded CaU kepi up in a compara- , l)v community. Whatever bits > _ of the Melbonrneites, is rcer- i," ' .®-3PPrted with no sparing han d. ')est scenes owes its fascinnti on ; b allowed the phrase—- do ' Tmary number of chat jgss 17- 7- e Damber of elegr ipfcly . V!-'s perform evolutions and I 'c - - every imaginable -form- , seems illimitable. The . ' ' tnet'e fancy groupings are, I < arranged by Mass; irtic, a 1 7; French dancer, Ion « known 7t stage, and certainly C'eraWe skill in th at dass of al the Plia OB of Wales J i'iace to a piece - of novelty, "which for s6me hundreds of nights seemed the favor of London audiences, and is still running. Every character in it is distmct and well defined, and has fortunately fallen into capable bands here. It is a sort of happy mean between broad farce and extravaganza. Yourm ladies represent young gentlemen in silk J tights, satin, and spangles, and there are .Vmng ladies, too, in costume proper. Ihey collectively sing, dance, and disport themselves in the gayest possible manner. I Great fun I S I b't O O 111 1 ll A n n a. u I spinster, who by making an appointment to meet .all the gay sparks at once, finds herself in a somewhat awkward fix. The would-be bride has advertised herself I as young, tall, fond of children, and having £300 a year. Mrs Crosby who plays the character, of course, looks fair, fat, and forty. Lascelles plays the I hero, and all his tronbles arise out of I his having made appointments with two I fathers, and two damsels at the same time. To prevent the two parties meet ing, and at the same time meet his engagements, keeps him pretty well em ployed, aud the audience in the merriest of humors ; of course every thing comes out right at last. It is a case of mis taken identity, all the couples pair offl all right at la>t. The piece abounds I with pretty songs aud choruses. The! scenery is charming and well adapted to t:ie action of the piece. It must have I a iong run. The admirers of this class of entertainment may congratulate them selves, that they now possess a lady of very superior talents as a burlesque actress. While giving herself up to the character she assumes, aud taking all the (uu out of it possible, the audieucc is never tempted by the slightest vul- gar:t - — ou the part of Miss Winston — j to forget that it has a woman before it. She i-' the best artist in this particular line L have seen in the colony, and she will ..o much io popularise such light ranch 'ul pieces as " Nemesis. ' he p nibrmauees commenced with the lepre-cntaiiou of the Waterman, one ot a c::iss of pi-co-', very fashionable in the clavs ;>t Draiiam, Iucleton, Phillips, Lef- ler, uid other songsters now almost forgot; eu. Miss Winston played Tom fug. and it was quite a treat io hear tin- old snugs ugam so well rendered. "Tln-n fare wed my trim built wherry," and "The Bay of Biscay" were real gems. The par; Roh-n was played by one of the Leopold family, a lad about fourteen years, with an intelligence aud sense of tiio In herons ccrtainiy astonishing in so ' young an actor. He not only possesses gemn-. but it is evident thai lie has been Cateiuiiy trahird. I hope we si; ill get mor-- of this class of pieces, now that we have the people t > play theui. We have had an enactment of the Woman Father in little. Master Prohert was going- on anyhow ; was 10, hand some, and had great expectations. When lie attains to that period of human existence at which we are sup posed to arrive at the vears of discre- tion, and are permitted to do as we like with our own, Master Prohert is entitled to the comfortable sum of 1 2500. Master Prohert was sent to England to be educated up to his great expectations, but it is evident he got learned and accomplished in matters not contemplated by the elder Prohert, and considerably beyond what the lat ter bargained for. Master Prohert was placed in a position which it seems every genteel parent's .desire to obtain for their sons, a Bank clerkship, there by condemning them to a comparatively idle iife and genteel poverty. It is high sounding to say " nry son is in the bank, or in the Anglo- Bengalee Assur ance office." The English notions which Master Prohert bad imported, did not suit the English and Scottish bank, so he was politely told that if he did not <jo out at the door he might get kicked out of the window; on this hint he left. He resorted to the fashionable expe- dient of drawing cheques for one or two figures upon an imaginary account. Prohert the elder paid some of these, but found it an inconvenient and inse cure method of supplying young hope ful with pocket money, so he took the police into his fatherly confidence, and the police took Prohert jun. into safe keeping. It is a sad domestic incident and another incident of which tin's colony produces many, of sons ruined by the false pride of their parents. If the younger Prohert had been educated here' under the control of his national guardian, this painful scene might not have been presented to the public view. The facilities for education in this country are ample. False notions are instilled into the minds of the jmutb of this colony from the cradle by stuck up people who labor to give their offspring habits and tastes beyond their means. As these unfortunate human beings horn of such parents grow into man hood and womanhood, their indolent disposition engendered by over indul gence and vulgarly expensive tastes leads them into all sorts of difficulties. Out of this class spring the yearly crop of dealers in valueless cheques, gamblers. Yankee grab players, and night prow lers. Our social condition is susceptible of much improvement. Young Probert is not in gaol, at the instance of bis riier. However the . lad must bean ;o-ible if he does not take a hint | incori-.v qjirly on the road to durance Cuat he h - -. wjp be as well to vile, and that flier yvay. turn his face the o>.. -;Dg jn tt Western I noticed the follow-. ,,j enough to paper, and thought it gOo. action to 'T'esent as » curiosity of tram. — who my readers— that is if I have anv aiav delight, as I do, iu sucu . erJs;_!We clip the following facu rmra<n-aph from a lata English paper, x is go characteristic of the _ '' Ancient Briton" tbatwS cannot help giving it pro minence : " The Schoolmaster Abroad. —The following is copied verbatim et seriatim from a document put up over a booking-box at a station of the Carnar vonshire Railway : " List of bookmg.- Every passengars must carefull For havo it L1 And to reply ot once in when, will booking window open. No tickets to have after departure M .he j.rajn, — By order.— Jolm Davvis. Douglas Jorrold usJto say disagree able Sings' sometimes, much too near SttuSi to be a joke. Some wag pro- Bounded a conundrum— not a bad on P why is Douglas Jeirold like lead?- Because he never shines till , f t » A literary friend ventured to Saffjmold one day about " f ta productions. "Ah," said the causlic wit, " but I saw a good thing in your book the other day." <rDid you, what was it ?" asked the incautious friend. " A pound of cheese" said D. J. — friend felt sold. As a rule I read the scraps of paper that I pick up in which the cheese monger, wraps his wares, and not seldom find some amusement in the miscel- laneous literature which find its way into those establishments. I saw a pound of cheese in the paper which contained the following. It brought the story of D. J. to my mind, so I gave it a place in mv scrap book, and give other collectors of ' unconsidered trifles an opportunity of doing the same if they please : — A man m Iowa was brought before a. justice of the peace, charged wiih the offence of kissing a young lady " by force and violence, and against her will." The young lady, who was very handsome. gave her testimony iq a modest aud straightforward manner, after which his honor gave the following decision : — I " The court, in this case, sympathises I with the defendant, and will therefore discharge him without fine, imprison- | ment, or reprimand ; because the court, while this case has been iu progress, has been obliged to hold on to both arms of his chair in order to keep from kissing the complainant himself." The Age has called attention to a matter which really demands serious consideration. The banks produce — as i the consequence of parsimonious or- care- less management — a crop of criminals yearly, the hunting down, nrosecution, and maintenance .of whom entail great expense upon the State. If this sort of thing is to continue, the banks inust be called upon to pay a special rate. The case of Alexander. Tod is a very painful one, and has created considerable sym pathy, not from the fact of his being criminal, but from the fact of his having been exposed to a temptation which might have conquered a man of strong mind and matured judgment. It was known to the bank authorities that this 3'outh was possessed of neither quality, with only a lew shillings to call his own ; every d-ty he was the custodian of as much wealth as would represent a large fortune, aud that, too, at a time of lite when the passious are strong and the judgment weak, expensive pleasures most enticing, and under such circnmslances irresistible. Places of sueh high trust should be filled by persons of tried probity, aud so far established in life as to ensure — at any rate" so far as human judgmcut can go — stability of purpose, and a freedom from those tetupiauous which beset young and inexperienced lads, just entering upon the thrcshhold of real life. Such youths are thrown into company in a city iu which there exists a laxity of morals — certainly not surpassed anj'where. There are numbers of .young men, sons of wealthy squatters and tradesmen, coming and going, who spend more money in a daj' than Tod coukl in a week. Among such compa nions, what can be expected but that the weak-minded youth will pilfer to keep pace with the expensive pleasures in dulged in by his better furnished asso ciates. I am aware of more than one instance where this actually was the case. The fall of Tod is only a repeti tion of a state of things which has hern going on for ages. He associated with a" woman, and fell. Solomon tells the story of the temptation and fall of the weak-minded youth, and it has repeated itself millions of times since — " With her fair speech she caused him to yield, aud with the flattering of her lips she forced him. " He goeth after her straightway as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or a fooi to the correc tion of the stocks ; " Till a dart strike through his liver : As a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not it is for his life." Perhaps if the judge who sentenced Tod to four years' imprisonment had reflected, he might haye called to mind how irre sistible are the fascinations of woman, and that even grave old men have fallen. The sentence, under the circumstances, is a most severe one. In all sueh cases the temptation should be the first consi deration. The judge was tempted to read a homily, aud he did so. I cannot help pitying these unfortunate lads, v"ho are yearly sacrificed on the altar of Mammon. It is time some one powerful enough to make himself felt took up the cudgels iu this matter. 