PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. The opening services in connexion with the annual meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria were held last evening, in the Assembly-hall, Collins-street. The Rev. W. S. Logan, the retiring moderator, conducted the preliminary devotional exercises, and preached a sermon from Acts i. 8, " Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." At the conclusion of the sermon a collection was made on behalf of the expenses of the session. THE REV. K. EWING'S CASE. The Rev. IRVING HETHERINGTON, the clerk, having stated the changes that had taken place in the constitution of the assembly, was about to read the roll [of members, when The Rev Dr. MACDONALD desired to object to one of the names which had been read as having been added to the roll, from being allowed to remain on it. He alluded to the name of the Rev. K. Ewing, and he was authorised by the Home Mission Committee to object to that gentleman's name being reported as a minister of the church. He wished to know if this was the proper time to lodge the protest. The Rev. Mr. NISH said that the proper course to be adopted in the case would be to give notice of an intention to dispute the right of Mr. Ewing to have his name retained on the roll, and to state the grounds of that objection, so that the presbytery of Beechworth, which ordained Mr. Ewing, should have an opportunity of replying to those objections, and justifying their action. This course was followed in 1885, when Mr. Robertson was inducted to the West Melbourne congregation, and, he presumed, should be followed in this case. The Rev. Dr. MACDONALD said there was every difference in the world between the two cases. Mr. Robertson was simply being translated from one congregation of the church to another, whereas Mr. Ewing was a brother who had, while outside the church, been refused admission into it as a clergy- man by the Home Mission Committee. This committee was, through its powers, entrusted with the full weight of the assembly in receiving or rejecting such applications, and its acts were subject to review only through the assembly. He therefore moved -"That the roll as now reported be adopted, with the exception of the name of Mr. K. Ewing, which in the meantime shall not be added until the presbytery of Beechworth be beard." The Rev. Dr. CAIRNS seconded the motion. The Home Mission Committee had been created by the church for the purpose of dealing with applications from persons desirous of entering the church as clergymen. It was composed of the best men that were available, and its acts, quoad their special duties, were only controvertible by the General Assembly. Mr. Ewing, after having been refused admittance as a clergyman into the church by that committee, did not appeal against it to the assembly, but, ignoring its decision, he proceeded to Beechworth, and was inducted by that body in an irregular manner. To sustain that presbytery, and ignore the decision of the Home Mission Committee, would, he considered, be fraught with the gravest dangers to the regular government and discipline of the church. It had been said that the committee had decided against Mr. Ewing without assigning any reasons. But it would be apparent on the slightest consideration that to assign reasons would inflict needless pain and injury on the person whose application was refused, and destroy the peace and harmony of the church. The Rev. Mr. NISH said to agree to the motion would be to pass a vote of censure on the presbytery of Beechworth before having heard them in defence. He would, therefore, move, as an amendment, " That the protest against the name of the Rev. K. Ewing be received that the Home Mission Committee be instructed to notify to the presbytery of Beechworth the grounds on which their action in conducting Mr. Ewing is to be challenged that the presbytery be cited to appear in the defence at the forenoon side run to-morrow." Mr. BENNIE did not know anything of the merits of the case, but he was of opinion that the present was not the proper stage to protest against Mr. Ewing's induction. He seconded the amendment. The Rev. A. J. GAMMELL contended that the presbytery of Beechworth had no right to ordain a minister against the expressed opinion of the Home Mission Committee. Would Mr. Nish maintain that if the presbytery of Beechworth sent up the name of George Coppin as having been ordained a minister in such presbytery, such notification would constitute him a minister of the church? (Laughter.) Would be declare that Mr. Ewing was a minister of the church The Rev. D. FRASER will declare it. I saw him solemnly inducted in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The Rev. J. BALLANTYNE would wish to know what would be the result if a minister's name were struck off the assembly's roll. Would he cease to be a member of the church, and would the ceremony of his in- duction be rendered thereby invalid ? These were important questions, which he thought were involved in the discussion which had sprung up. After a prolonged and, in some respects, irregular discussion, The Rev. Dr. CAMERON pointed out that until the roll was read, no one could vote either for or against the motion. The clerk of the assembly (the Rev. J. Hetherington) having therefore read the roll, a vote was taken on Mr. Nish's amefBment. Only 15 hands were held up in its favour. The original motion was then put to the meeting, and declared carried by a large majority. The Rev. Messrs. Nish, Robertson, D. Fraser, and Mr. Fletcher, the elder representing the Beechworth congregation, protested against the motion. THE NEW MODERATOR. The retiring moderator having nominated as his successor the Rev. R. T. Walker, left the chair. The new moderator, who was received by the assembly standing, having assumed the vacant seat, briefly returned thanks for the honour conferred on him. MODERATOR'S ADDRESS. The Rev. Mr. WALKER then proceeded to deliver the annual address. After some preliminary observations, he referred to the attitude at present observed between the church and science. At present there were many men of attainments and genius who, although differing from each other in minor points, had united together in opposition to what they deemed a common foe, viz the be- lievers in supernatural religion. It was lawful to learn from an enemy, and learn the strength resulting from union. If the various churches could not secure incorpora- tion, let them at least organise co-operation. The recent objections to Christianity, although new in form, were not new in substance, and he considered that even in the present day such names as Paley and Pearson, Butler and Cudworth, would be set down as those of foolish and obstinate apologists for effete and exploded religious doctrines. Christians were blamed for believing in the incomprehensible, but the most brilliant opponents of Christianity also believed in an incomprehensible of their own, as was seen from the late address of Professor Tyndall. While Christians chose to be- lieve in the incomprehensible plus divine testimony, the opponents of Christianity adopted an incomprehensible allows such a testimony. He would therefore warn the church against lightly moving the ancient landmarks, but would let God be true though every man should be a liar. in the church they believed that there were many men who, as in former seasons, would turn again the battle from the gate, and bring the present struggle between science and faith to a successful issue. In the meantime, no feeling of alarm should prevent the church in her every section from holding fast to the form of found words which she had received of the faith and love which are in Christ Jesus. Even in the fatherland, where Christians were so divided, the spirit of God had been poured out, and, despite the scientific arguments against prayer, thou sands of human hearts had in prayer poured forth their needs, their sorrows, heir contrition, and their love to a listening Father's ear and, despite the logic of science, there had been ample evidence in the late revival of religion that those prayers had been answered. After dwelling on other topics conceded with the special position of the church in Victoria, the speaker said that one of the duties of the assembly would be to consider the best means of stimulating such a revival of religion in this colony. And he trusted that, after having come to a conclusion as to the best means to be employed, every member of the assembly would return to his flock determined by God's grace to put those means in operation, so that the knowledge and fear of God, the charity and peace of Christ, should be spread throughout the length and breadth of the land. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Cairns, the thanks of the assembly were voted to the Rev. W. S. Logan for the sermon he had delivered. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Cameron, the Rev. Mr. Riley, from the Synod of Otago, was associated as a member of the assembly during its present sittings. The Rev. Mr. Nish asked leave to add the names of the Revs. W. O. Fraser and Reid to the list of protest against the decision arrived at regarding Mr. K. Ewing's case. ORDER. OF BUSINESS. The Rev. J. NISH read the proposed order, in which business should be taken during the present sittings. After some discussion, the order was agreed to, and the assembly adjourned till the following morning, at 10 o'clock. At that hour devotional exercises will be held, but the business proper will not commence till 11. 