IRELAND. HOME RULE IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. From tlio Dublin Correspondence of the Advocate.' Dublin, July 9, 1874. The first debate on the question of Home Rule for Ireland has come off in the House of Commons. There was considerable difficulty in getting a day for it. Mr. Butt had ballotted for a favorable occasion several times without success, and the Government would not come to his rescue. At last, however, he had the good fortune to secure the 30th of last month. But, just then, the Government began to feel that the remainder of the session absolutely at their disposal would not suffice for the business they had in demand ; and they consequently brought forward a resolu tion by which all future Tuesdays, as . well as Mondays and Thursdays, should be given up to Government Bills — a resolution the passing of which would undo Mr. Butt, as the 30th of June fell on a Tuesday. And this resolution was carried — but. not without such a protest from the Home Rulers as induced the Government to px-omise that the Tues day secured to Mr. Butt would not be appropriated by them after all. And so the debate came off as had been -settled. A great proof that Home Rule has already attained the dignity of a great question is supplied by the crowded state- of the House itself, and of all the galleries in the House. Over 500 members were in attendance, and all the leading men, with the exception of Mr. Gladstone and one or two other members of the late Ministry, were amongst the earliest arrivals. The galleries were simply crammed — the strangers' gallery, especially. Many hundreds who had obtained orders to . t this place went away without getting ; into it. In the speaker's gallery were ' : many distinguished persons — amongst : the' rest, as the readers of the Advocate will be delighted to hear, Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, who had arrived from the Continent a few days before, and ; r was, durirlg the debate, the centre of a I throng /of Irish Home'! Rule members. I have no doubt that, as he sat in the ' placfe of honor, under the' clock, he more than once longed for the opportunity to take part for old Ireland in the fray proceeding beneath. In presence of such an audience, Mr. Butt rose to move the motion you will 'find in .your exchanges. My space will not allow me to summarise his address. I have only to tell its general character, and the manner in which it was re ceived. Mr. Butt is, beyond all doubt, a great orator, and can take a com- 1 prehensive grasp of his subject. But he requires a sympathetic audience — a mass meeting of his own countrymen, for instance — to appear at his best. The House of Commons is not such an audience, I need hardly say, and, accordingly, Mr. Butt did not deliver as great a speech as he was capable of delivering. Nevertheless, he ro3e to a grand height. He was very moderate in tone ; he was extremely lucid always ; he was eloquent and passionate, betimes. The Times (London) said, the day after, that his speech was the best of the Paxdiamentary kind ever delivered at Westminster ; and this eulogy was echoed by every other critic, "English and Ixish, who busied himself with the subject. Mr. Butt spoke for an hour and a-half, and, having been listened to with unusual attention, made a gi'eat impression. I may say one woxd. His speech is not well reported in any paper, English or Irish. Mr. George Bryan, senior member for the County Kilkenny, was appointed to second Mr. Butt's proposition. He rose, accordingly, to speak when Mr. Butt sat down. But he did not succeed in " catching the Speaker's eye ;" and it is to be regretted he did not ; for he is a great favorite, I understand, with the English xnembers, and, be sides, he is an aristocx-at of many acres and of great social influence. But, although he did not speak, the speech he intended to deliver was given the next day in one of the Dublin papers as having been actually de livered, This thing occurred with another menxbex,) as will be seen pre sently ; and it leads me tp remark that the Irish daily papers contained very bad reports of the debate, showed, and indeed, continue to show, no enterprise whatever in procuring atx adequate account of what passes in Pax-liament regarding Ireland. The gentleman that actually did speak after Mx\ Butt was Dr. Ball, the Attorney- General for Ireland, who delivered a vigorous, if not eloquent, address against the Irish xxational demand, and infused an acrimonious spirit into the debate, uttex'ing thxeats now and then, and eveix holding in sulting language towards the Home Rule member's. This is the lion, gentleman's usual attribute ; he is an able bully. His declamation, however, would be much more effective and im pressive if he wexe not known to be a humbug and a mere advocate for money. For every one hexe knows that it was a long time before he could make up his mind in which political camp he would seek his fortune, and that if he were better paid by the Home Rulers than by the Tories, he would be a Home Ruler himself. However, his speech was effective in the House of Commons , and I may here add that the only xeally clever and animated attacks on Home Rule came fiom Irishmen — or, rather West Britons. 1 may hexe also indicate the general line adopted by Dr. Ball and all the speakers on that side. They violently declared that Home Rule must never be granted ; and when they condescended to argue the question they confined themselves to raising wretched little objections to Mr, Butt's plan, which would all disappear, you may be sure, like darkness from the sun, if it were once agxeed that Re- land should have self-government. In answer to the Irish arguments, their reply was substantially — " We won't grant your demand." The other speakers on Dr. Ball's side wei'e the late Chief Secretary for Ireland (the Marquis of Ilartington) a couple of insignificant Orangemen from the North of Ixeland, Dr. Smyth, the Piesbyte- rian clex'gyman, who sits' in the Liberal interests for County Dex'i'y, who took the line that Home Rule would not further the independence or prosperity in Ireland , and who bids fair to become a Home Ruler ; and an English member, unknown to fame. Mr. Butt's supporters during the evening wexe Mr. Richard Power, the young member for Waterfox-d City, who demonstrated, by a powerful series of facts and figures, that Ireland is going headlong to material ruin, and that theie is no middle course for England between Home Rule and coei'cion ; Colonel White (senior M.P. for Tip- peraxy, son of a Peer, Lord-Lieutenant of Claxe, and a Colonel in the Guards), who repelled, in terms of great and just indignation, the imputation that Home Rulers were disloyal and meant to dis member the Empire; Mr.KeyesO'Clexy, M.P. for Wexford ; and Mr. A. M. Sullivan, of the Nation. The last- named delivered the most effective speech of the niglxt. The Times has referred to it again and again as " clever," and ''ingenious." The London Spectator , speaking after the division , said it was " by far the best speech of the whole debate on the Home Rule side," and that it showed that true oratory had not died out in Ireland or in Parliament. The real truth is, Mr. Sullivan is one of the few real debaters in the House ready to get up at a moment's notice, and reply fluently and pointedly to any man. On this occasion, lie wound up the debate, following, at midnight, the Marquis of Hartington, and giving that slow-going individual such a dressing as he will not soon forget, and he never got before. Dr. Ball and the other anti- Irish speakers came, in their turn, under Mr. Sul livan's lash; and so effective was Mr. Sullivan's address, though he was but half an hour speaking altogether, that the Govei'nraent, having no man ready to ieply just then, actually did not like to go to a division, and assented to the adjournment of the debate. On Thursday night the discussion was resumed by Mr. John George ! M'Cartby, the member for Mallow (Thomas Davis's native town), and the author of a most successful book on Federalism and Home Rule. On this occasion, Mr. M'Cartby went into all the details of the Federal plan, and showed how well suited that plan was to the cause of Ireland and England. Mr. Mitchell Hemy (County Galway), The O'Connor Don (Co. Roscommon), Mr. O'Connor Power (the youthful Nationalist member for Mayo), Sir Colman O'Loglen (Co. Clare), Mr. McCarthy Downing (Co. Cork), and others followed — on the whole, a by no means good selection. A far better selection might have been made from the ranks of the Home Rule party. The Irish speakers on the first night were on the whole much better, and consequently achieved a much greater success. But still, notwithstanding all this, and notwithstanding that the anti- Irisli speakers on the second night monopolised three-fourths of the debate, the Irish case was triumphantly estab lished, as any impartial person would admit who heard the debate as I did. The anti-Irish speakers referred to were Six- Michael Beach (the Chief Secretax-y for Ireland), three Ulster Orangemen, the O'Donoghue (the apostate chieftain of the Glens), Mr. Lowe, and Mr. Disraeli. Any answer at all to the Irish demand was considered sufficient by these gen tlemen. Each of them felt coerced to say something in reply to Mr. Sullivan, but in doing so they ludicrously failed to touch Mr. Sullivan's position. But the incident of the evening I have not yet noticed. The O'Donoghue — whose treachery to and abandonment of the Irish national cause the x'eaders of the Advocate are familiar with; — since he got re-elected (by a majoi'ity of three votes) for Tx-alee, has become in the House of Commons a more swaggering and anti-Ix'ish Irishman than ever. On this occasion he set himself out for a bitter and venomons assault on the Home Rule movement and on its leaders. The movement he called a gross and mischievous delusion ; the men who support it he called (and lie was the only speaker who did so) traitors, cowards, and tricksters. He tried to raise a laugh, and he succeeded in raising a laugh at all the chief men in the IJoxne Rule ranks. And so he sat down in high good humor. But one of the men whom he had attacked fol lowed him — Mr. O'Connor Power ; and this gentleman gave the foul beast such a knock-down blow that I doubt if he will ever again play the same part. The man who could most effectually have squelched him was Mr. Sullivan ; but he avoided Mr. Sullivan, as Mac beth did the ghost of Banquo, and took right good care to come after him in the debate. Mr. O'Connor Power was sup plied by Mr. A. M. Sullivan (who sat at his elbow) with a few extracts from the ex-patriot's speeches of former days, which extracts Mr. Power pxo- ceeded to read, amidst uproarious mer riment, and to the terrible confusion of The O'Donoghue. The latter felt he was hit— irretrievably injured with the House, to whose anti-Irish prejudices he had so pandered— and he accordingly attempted to break the force of the blow by hook or by ex'ook. He x'ose and asked the date of the speech from which Mr. Power was reading. The date was promptly given, and The O'Donoghue sat down, discomfited. He next re quired the name of the paper in which it appeared, " as he more than doubted its accuracy." " The Nation ," said Power, at which there was an unbe lieving laugh on the part of O'Donoghue and his friends. But the laugh was turned entirely the other way when Mr. Power, prompted by Mr. Sullivan, added, "and I am authorised to state that the pi-oofs of this speech were cor rected for that paper by the Iron, mem ber's own hand." The O'Donoghue remained silent henceforward ; and I think he will not speak again in the House of Commons. But there is more to tell. Mr. McCarthy after wards charged him with having tra duced the memory of O'Connell, his great relative, in saying that the Libe rator, mho died struggling for Repeal , Would not have countenanced the Home Rule agitation. When Mr. Downing resumed his seat, The O'Donoghue leant over towards him, arid said in perfectly audible tones, " Downing, you are a liar, and a damned liar !" Mr. Downing's first impulse was to strike him, but he checked himself, and replied, " Pshaw, you renegade ; it is not worth while noticing anything coming from yjour polluted lips."; Here some persons interfered, and prevented a continuance of the strife.- Next day, through Mr. Justice Barry, an ample apology was tendered to Mr. Downing, and the affair ended. And now for the result of the debate. The division was 63 (tellers included) for Mi\ Butt's motion, and 458 against it. This decision was fully expected, of course. No one expected any other result. But the two great objects the Home Rulers had in view have, never theless, been achieved. They aimed to put on the records of Parliament the fact, that a decisive majority of Irish representatives were in favor of the concession of self- Government to Ire land, and that it was by force alone thf t England rule was maintained in the country ; and this object has been triumphantly achieved"; for, counting three Irish members- who. paired for the motion, and the two. tellers, 59. Irish members voted for Home Rule, and 36 against it. ' Of the 50 Home: Rulers elected; only three failed to Vote or pair ; but these — Lord Robert Montagu, Major . O'Reilly, and Mr. Murphy; of Cork — are all thorough Home Rulers, and were simply laid up: by illness. Secondly, it was: expected that the Eng lish people Would be' educated in the .matter of the Irish National demand by the debate ; and this, too,jis already coming to pass. There is a marked change in the comments of the English press on the Home Rule question since the debate. . In one respect '"the Home Rulers were greatly deceived. At . the general election, 29 members were elected in Great' Britain, distinctly pledged to support Home Rule. They would not have been elected had they not given the pledge. Well, only 10 of them have kept their word. About 10. had the audacity to vote against Mr. Butt's and about nine or 10 did not vote at all, nor pair/ . The. Irish in England are wild at this, and just now, the Home- Rule societies in. the English towns represented by those perfidious members' are organising indignation meetings. It is a cheering sign, ' that of the two English working-men re presentatives, one, Mr. Burt (Morpeth) voted for Mr. Butt's motion, and the other, Mr. Macdonal (Stafford), paired for it, and that Sir Wilfred La wson, member for Carlisle, and. the author of the Permissive Bill, voted for it with out having given any previous pledge upon the question. The question now is — What will -he the next move ? In answer, I am able to say that the Home Rule agitation is to be renewed .with tenfold eaimestness and vigor. A commencement is to be made on Saturday evening next, when a great meeting will be held in the Ro tunda, at which Mr. Butt will move, that the result of the debate and division in the House of Commons calls upon all Irishmen to make increased exertions to obtain that self-government, without which their countrv can never be con- tented, prosperous, or free.- -J.J.C. " Celestial" Selfishness. — The Wagga Wagga Advertiser says : — Sel fish and callously habitual indifference to human suffering is not confined to any particular race, and is frequently found to break out into expression in unguarded moments. Where the vice has this almost involuntary voice given to it, there is generally so much of the incongruous and mal apropos in the cir cumstances, that laugh one must, though the hilarity look ever so much like want of feeling. Two Chinamen, , at too great a distance to give help, were eye-wit nesses of the fatal accident by which A1 Long lost his life on Saturday. One of them exclaimed with an oath, in Pigeon-English, that the horse was drowned, and that he was a " welly good horse — cost .£14 10s." The other Celestial, more purely selfish, ejaculated with consternation and alarm, " Oh, my golly ! my countryman drowned. Welly bad job ; him owe me one pound." 