TALES AM) SKETCHES. ST. MARK'S EYE. [Continued.] CHAPTER III. CAUGHT AND CAGED. It Was half-past ten o'clock at nigbt. Old Bridget had been as sound as a dormouse for the last hour—a fact which shecomuiunicalcd to all waking creatures through her nose. Hall-past ten p.m. in a village corresponds somewhat with half-past one a.m. in a town, and Jenny Lewis ought also to have been asleep ; any one seeing a light in her window at that hour would have suspected illness or a new bonnet. But she was in her ordinary health, and had not y.-t had time to get any of those bridal garments which, doubtless, would soon tako a deal'Ol trying on ; yet still she was up and dressed, and had a candle burning, for it was the 24th of April, the Eve of St. Mark, and she was still firm in her intention of trying for a ghost. She went softly down-stairs into tho kitchen, and from a nail behind tbe eight-day clock took down two large keys, strong together by u strip of leather. For the cottage being the nearest building to the church, and old Williams, who kept Jenny's bit of farm in disorder, being the sexton, the churcb keys were always hung there. Tben she blew out her caudle, quietly drew back the bolls of the door, raised the latch, and issued into the moonlight. All was so deathly still, and looked no weird in the uncertain light, that she half repented ol her design, but steadied her nerves with an effort, closed the door behind her, and glided off rapidly along the path, looking like a ghost herself, if any one could have seen ber It did not take her more than ten minutes to reach the churchyard, and then she nearly ran back again, Peter Boyd's tombstone bad such a supernatural look. "Pooh!" she thought, " a slab of stone ! If anything moved now " Something did, but it did not make her run, (or the fright got into her legs and paralysed them, so that she had to cling to tbe railings lor support. But when the animated horror said " Baa," and took the distinct form of a sheep, she once in;.re recovered her couragc: indeed, the presence of so familiar a creature emboldened her to advance at once to tbe church door and insert tl.e key. It would not buve been necessary for a spiritual experimentalist to have entered tbe body of the buildiug at all a few years back, seeing that the church porch, the place named by the legend as the proper spot from which to see the procession of the fated, bad then been open to everybody ; but the idle men. and boys of the parish bad instituted a sacriligious custom of adjourning, in wet weather, from the corner which was their rendezvous when it was fine to that more sheltered spot, for the purpose ol playing pilch-and-toss; so the clergyman bad a gate fitted to the outer porch, which was now p irt of tbe interior, and the village speculators lost their Stock Exchange. The lock grated reluctantly, and the door, which swung back quietly on ordinary occasions, was alarmingly noisy now, as il on purpose to frighten a poor girl, or perhaps to warn ber against carrying her uuearthly investigations lurther. Slill she pushed in—a most determined young woman when she bad once got au idea fixed in lier head ; and if Mr Thomus meant to maintain bis legitimate authority after' marriage, it is to be hoped that he had made up his mind to a few preliminary scenes { for if a girl can conquer ber nerves when they oppose her fancies, Hymen help her husband ! The interior of the little church was very dark and solemn, striking her with an awful chill as she sank down on the stone settle close to tbe entrance, lor she felt it a relief to be near the outer world, the waving trees, the familiar, whispering breeze, and the sheep, aud determined to keep her strange vigil there, where she could catch a glimpse of the friendly stars through tbe gaping door. But the thought suddenly flashed upon her that, if the phantoms came, they would pass through the narrow porch, brushing close by her, aud, burridly rising, she sought the placc where she sat every Sunday, and there took up her station, trembling but determined. Sir David Goater, lord ol the mauor, had died two years previously, and his grateful heir had commemorated the event in coloured glass, which heightened the effects of the moonbeams, showing strange tints and devices on the rough pew boardings and tbe uneven stone pavement, and so subduing the light that for some time Jenny could hardly distinguish surrounding objects, though, as the pupils of her eyes dilated, they came out clearly enough. There was the font where Billy Joucs,a boy of ten, was baptised last Sunday, and acted on the occasion in so unseemly a manner, resenting the contact ol cold water, and kicking at the ofiiciatinominister with his hobnail boots'- Iherc was (he pulpit, an object so associated with the hearty, houest prosaic clergyman that it was like company ; there were tho communiuu rails, where she had knelt to take the sacrament, lor the first time alter her cuufiimation, only a few months ago, aud where she was to kneel again, side by. side with Somebody, ere another mouth had elapsed. It was not light enough to read the Ten Command meats over the altar, but she could decipher the inscription on the painted window—" To the Glory of God, and the Memory ol Sir David Goatci ;" and il struck even her, a poor sinij 1,' country girl, as.a very odd comhinq tion, as it would you, il you knew anything of Sir David's antecedent-. Altogether, she was quite regaining her composure, when a low, gurgling, grumbling sound, coming Irom no particular spot, but filling the entire church, set- all her nerves tingling again. Boom! It was only the clock striking eleven; it always growled and groaned before il could get out the first stroke. This v as the third alarm which had ended in nothing, and Jenny begun to Icel sceptical about tbe apparitions, and to fancy that the ill-fated Klien Griffiths hud been liigh'ened to death by a phantom of ber own creation ; had taken a t nibstone or a sheep lor a likeness of bciseli, and had not the strength of mind which enabled a certain Jenny L wis to strip the innocent bugbear of its horrors. When ball au hour and more had elapsed, without any other sight or sound occurring to alarm her, these philosophic ideas began to wax stronger in Jenny's head. Pooh! ghosts indeed ! There were no such things. Bridget was au old goose, and she herself was a young one, to be out of ber bed at that time of night. She would slop ihe night, however, now she had once come, and keep awake il she could, but she fell very sleepy. Hah! what was that 1 Though objects might bedistinguished in the c .urcli, it was very much lighter outside, and Ihe gap ol the half-open door was a broad patch ol moouligh', on which the watcher, despite her growing scepticism, kept her eye^ fixed, as the Sj.ot whence any appearance might be expected; ai.d her doubts melted like misis in the sun wben a daik object obscured tbe entrance, paused a moment, stepped into tbe porch, and paused again. Now, for the first time, Jenny really repented her rash aud foolish expedition. Hercuriosity was quite gone, and she would have given all she had in the world to be at home in her own snug little bed. Indeed, she was half- dead with terror, her heart and brain 'throbbed madly, tbe blood seemed congealed in her veins, a cold sweat broke out on her forehead, and her limbs lost their power, as they of necessity must when the will, their motive force, is paralysed, The tnoouliglit fell upon the figure, which was that of a man, &nd;, in spite of her terrible dread, Jenny, with tho instinct of a loving woman, looked at once to see whether the phantom was that of her betrothed, and experienced a feeling of awful relief when she recognised the features of her other lover — the rejected one, Black Morgan. Tbe phantom moved forward iuto the church, not like a conventional ghost, but cautiously, as one whose eyes are unaccustomed to the darkness—not that such minutiae were noticed by poor Jenny, who shrank together on ber seat, as the footsteps approached, in an agony of helpless dread. They came yet nearer, a shadow fell upon her, and she sank to the ground like a wounded bird, her wild eyes fixed on a black, murderous face, which bent over her, and a strong band, which was extended towards her. Human nature could bear no more, and at the touch she fainted. When her reason returned, she knew that she was no longer in the church, for the night breeze breathed upon her forehead, trees rustled over head, and she was in motion her— was being carried through the wood. By whom? By Black Morgan. It was no phantom, then, that had appeared to her, but it was flesh and blood that she had to deal with—a inao, and one over u lioni she li. d ouce possessed some influence, who held her in his power, and her courage and presence ol uiiuo returned. " Let mi go!" sliecried,struggling, " Put uie down tbis iustant, Morgan I Hoiv dare you " Put you down ! Ha,ha!" cried Morgan. " I know. Then Thomas would have power to protect you again, and you wojld cucape. The great owl said,' Never let her touch earth till you put her underneath it, or your chance is gone, and the sacrifice spoiled.'" " Let me go!" screamed the struggling girl. " Help, help!" Morgan, holding her like a child with his left arm, grasped her slender throat with his right band. " Stop that noise, my pretty chicken, or I'll wring your neck," said he; aud his will and power to fulfil the threat was so evident, that Jenny obeyed him. "'Go to the church,'said the great owl," he continued, " ' and there you will find the laithless bride of the Pope, h'.'lpless, aud under the power of witches. Take ber up, let her not touch the ground by the way, but bear her to the place appointed. If she scream and struggle, wring her neck, even as you would the neck ofa partridge, and carry her carcase to the house ol her lover; but do not so .-poil the sacrifice, il" you can help .t.'" Poor Jenny now saw, with re iewed ter or, that the man was mad, and her estimation of the terrible, a madman came very uigli to a ghost. Slill, she had the sense to see that resistance would only irritate him, and that her best cli ince of safety lay in keeping quiet and watching her opportunity. So she said no more, and Morgan, muttering miugled seiiso and nonsense, cairied her to his mill, and, as the door had been lei t open, directly into the lower room. He did not immediately put herdown, butstepped carelu'Iy across the apartment, which was in total darkues^, feeling his way beiore him with each loot before be plun'ed it firmly. At length he stopped, and shifting bis burden till he got a hand under each arm, began to put her down. To her surprise her leet would not touch the ground. He must be loweriug her t» a place beneath the. level of which he bimsell stood, perhaps into a bole over the null whorl aud the depth of waters beneath it. She clung to bis arm, but after letting her down as far as be could reach, he shook her off, and she fell, not far, but sufficiently to shako her and throw her oil'her balauce. Presently a match was struck, but he light only came to her from above, and wben she could see around, she lound herself at the bottom of an old n; pit, with brick sides. " Oh," she cried, " I am in a grave!" " That's it," said Morgan, coming to the edge with the candle. " You are in your grave, you have said it. Down Llangollen way, there are the ruins of an old nunuery, and some one elearmg off tbe rubbish, came on the fkeletou of a woman who bad b en oricked up alive because she b'oke her vows to the Pope. Iain Pope, and the great owl bad given you to me; but you kiss my enemy, and lay your head on his bosom, and so you are to be buried alive." "Mercy! Mercy!" " He will wonder where his bride has got to, won't he? And tbe parson will wait iu the cburcb, and the folks wilt hunt. Ha! ha ! they do not know I am Pope ; you did not know I was Pope, but you ought to have known it. And you, you will Ue a little hitigry and thirsty presently, and a liule more hungry end thirsty to-morrow, and then you will ncrcam, and despair, and grow mad ; and then you will get fainter and lainter till you die, aud 1 shall be sitting over your head alt the time, eating and drinking my fill; and my enemy will be looking for you, and breaking his heart. Because ye kuew not that I was Pope." " Ob, let me out, Morgan !" pleaded poor Jenny. " Il (lightens me to be bete, aud (o hear you talk so! It was not my lault if I could not help loving George; but 1 will be a sister to you, and like you. Oh !" Deaf to Iter cries, Black Morgan put the lid on the pit, drew his bed over the spot, and sat on it. Had he covered the surface with earth, his victim's sufferings would have been short; as it was tbe air penetrated th ough the cracks of the cover in sufficient quantity to avoid absolute suffocation. [To be concluded in our next,] 