ciiiMcsi-: i.i:n'i:ns No. V. To (lie wise and sapient Chung Mug. This is Sunday, the day set ajiart by (lie Christians fur the worship of their Hod. The people are now In the tumples listening lo the teachlni! of their Iwnzcf. for it is night, and evening prayer is going on, but the old barbarian, I am grieved to say, is at this present moment smoking instead of devoutly listening lo pulpit eloquence. lie says be gets tired of being continually impressed with Hie almost absolute ct-ruiiity of his gninr; lo it bud place wliisli is seldom referred to 111 polite Uarlnirlan ootm-l). and i,oiikolos him self with the idea that if that U lo be his ulliiiiaa. .l,',.!iii.!ii,..!i l.-c.'uili priiliibh- meet nio-l of bis friend, time— tlic Kdilor' of the Cornwall ClirimM- among othcrB-an.I all his female acquaintances. I don't believe ilic b|baciou.s ..Id i.tiiotiatc l(ts tiny religion at all, but l.u s,y» li|: lu,s a prejudice in favor of IVUev.a.ilisn,. luiviiiB been lir..ilKUt up in Hull failli, lli.mBli hi.'di»'-ii'ttlMi!(iltllal('r- much wl.al religion a man prol'osri to long as he does as much good as he (nn and as little evil while in this world, lie doesn't Mleni lo trouble blmsctf much about Ibe any other creed, nllinnins that they arc all liuimii) jnvrnllo!!!^ and unuw wore sqnahldlllg and tk^Uling among persons of exemplary piety than anything else, and. that there is generally some ridiculous dispute goinr: on amoii; tlic elect In proof of wbieli assertion he refers me lo the Hotarl f,i\tlt pspers where tl|uy me liaung a row about a C4ll-cdral oraan, but I con'r lufllco hcn-i or tail of it, mid it seems to me that the point in quutiim is simply whether the or8aii belongs to sume particular person or some Jiarticttlar person to the organ. I assure Hue, Chung Ling, my pigtail stoad uu end al hearing buoh frightful opltilons expressed, nod I thought ihc? »iiam shoo was speaking and not the man himself, but on looking at him attentively I noticed that his eyes were not so bloodshot as they usually are at this hour, eo I suppqge. thai he know what he '.viik Ulfcln,; about. I'll tell you vhat It Is. Ah Too, be con tinued, il so happens lliat I've bran a. goo-1 deal by myself in the bush, miles and miles awayfroui any linmsn creatuw, wltk the ever present ooni lutlon (Hal If \ broke my lug or anytlilni! of t!|ut kind I should just lie there anil din like a dou ; and, a-* you ii^y easily believe, a man bo situated does natur ally now u.nd thun tofuiuoiijcclurcs n» lo ihc future stMo, Flniling he had dwell much iu solitude. I became pokscwm.-u with a desire tn learn his experiences as to how tlie mind occupied Itself under such exceptional conditions.. Me amused me ill this wine . As fnrlhc pre sent, II was seldom iu my thoughts, the mind -.is a mlc ever UinelM uacknaroji though siimullinot. lo tliu future, but not often. Hcalod,. smoking, by the dying embers of the tire, the long forgotten past would slowly unroll Itself before my eyes, nntl ' wan enabled to judge dispassionately nt tho part 1 hod taken iu the various Beones presented lo my view. There. Ib nothing like long con Illmcil and perfect solitude it a man wishes lo study himatlf; be enacts Ihe parl of tftoc-. later )n a gicat dntttia in. wti'vu he ^Isp sustains Ihc principal ol\a,v»clcr. At other limes when trudging along, jadod and weary, 1 have found inynclf In volrinlarily rcprJilltn; gvor and over again IQtne trivial (ciueime such as n line of pootry, or some sensolctB phrase, and totally unable to carry on any train of thought, at If the brain participated in and sympathised wilh Ihe lassitude of tho kodv. and when ucxt you write lo that Cluing Wujf fellow (forgive his disrespectful way 3 ?peaking of %htc, old fHciid. ho knows no VAHieti Too are always talking about, you Mil ask tllrn to exploit; (his, af you fay he is «ueh a profound philosopher. It was lonely, An Poo, Very lonely Eomctlmcs) as. the light slowly faded and darkifos 'oamc on i Ihc itrangt Unit tosU of nhiUl would, colnc out IroiH thoir Will's iilaccs and prowl about with noiseless footfall, while the Ptcnt trees creaked Mil srmned otld a!| i(i-lejPrilBMo sourids stole ol)t (roni lr,e timbre depth, of the lulgkty forest. Slowly then would the great round moon riK, oaring weird tad ghostlik .ha'ow, us she smiled hiliUtv aero s Ihc .lark vault above; slowly ulsi I would pusB iu long procession tlie phantom I forms. .f all Ihe maidens whose hearts Iliad I tiie penitent smoker. 'I'lieu In (lie distance , would be Been approaching u baud of discnu- [ ccipte.,1 bills, 'upon which I would retire lo I bed and five tlic bush rats nil opportunity of walking about nn my face, which they occa sionally availed themselves of. After hold ing furlli tlitw lie ivent out and had -imc beer ; on his return lie informed me thai he was a lioo.l deal troubled in his mind about a series of accidents which bod befallen him at tlic Homan dlholic Church where be had people sing. 1 entered the place, said he, with Ilic intention i-i standing neur the door, so that I might make a bolt if I found myself da fr under weigh, for I knew I was a miser able heretic, aud had no business there, but to follow him. ' I did so' willi fear and trembling, for I knew not wlial might be ill store, foe me ; perhaps I was about to be mail,' a lerrible example of as an ulilieliever, iIiih ? hulh.we.1 feel had carried him witl.in tli,. sacre.f precinct. ; so il was a Rival relief lo Und II was simply all act of courtesy to a siraiiper.as 1 wAsuiimvii toaoiinfoi'laliLe. seat. Scaled Ibeie absorbed in meditation 1 presently became aware of the passing by of two persons in while robes sprinkling the of tho liquid probably alighted on me, the dental l.aptism, I ought to look upon myself as a parlial conver: lo the llomish failli ; but service all the congregation were about \o Kit do* ii us I thought. h» I followed suit, lint to my iunror it turned out to be only agene rul genuflexion, nnd I popped up agniu at once, hut 1 *!?(.? evidently made whut may lie ititorprcted by the saint* as mi olicisanct* to one of their Dumber. I have also to con f can to pulling wonic money in the plutt', but I hopu the ruin 1 pnrl.-d with will W devoted loffimlntf soiue prstly Jittlc jNi]iJi.t out of Why. whit «oai wnuM that do you, I cituld nut help cscIftiniiiiK, when slit' is dead and ffono :? Wliai uf that ! can't hhe lhank rac when Hut Hujiiiiwu you limit jro thw? Then il will be a fiOtUhing reflection to ku--ur 1 1 1 tit I have done a Rnol net. 1 c\\]icei thit will be the only Kitisfaetion jviii will ever ...rive, fur you holdoin jro tu ohureh, you never real tracts, and I don't often hear vou quoting scripture. Hinv, then, if d-Ae'ient in all these essentials, .-an you liave anv lioprs of tbe future ? As I said before, 'i don't believe you have ony religion at nil. Supposing ymtr polite intimation that I have no religion lo be true— which I don't for one moaient adiiit — it would (if lliere is nny truth in an anecdote I once heai. I) ratlur assist me than otherwise in finding the liltle papist. What ivns the aneeilote ; A- [ur ns I -vn] r^'riieiitbcr il rait a.* fol lo»« :-St. Peter was waiting al the pate looking out for new arrivals, when he espied U'ho.'ire v,iu ? sai.l St. Tcler. Ttie iretitlemnn mentioned bis name. lit »-hsl rcliifinn an- you y 1 f you plea..-. Sir, I am a Haimn Calli-ili--. All righl, sai.l the saint, just step into that room on the rialit. S,,in tlievc f.ill.ravl anolUer, wlfi in an.»er l.i ttie u-uil qm-slions, ainwcrcj, ' If y..a please, Sir, I'm « l-role.laiil.' Very well, vou no into that rno.n on the Ml. Tlic next hapvi-nrt to b,- a l'reiliyl.-rian, who »a- si'ni I,, an apartment al tie end of contiiiile.l to arrive, aul were each scut to ' dilTerenl rliainWcrs. At last nine an individual nlm dion'l serin vi'rv ,'o:.(l Iriil as to ,|,e reception lie n-niiM 1','f-iv,'. anil hesilateil a goo I .(eal u'li.'n iiske.l as to his turoi .if belief, hul al lengili ? laninifn-l out. 'If you |rTease, Sir, I'm of no i l!i, well, said SI. 1'eter, you can just po in an. I wall, alunt wherevei vou like; but as fnr these other fellows. I'm oulipM to look from Ui:litln|I So you so,: in that ease 1 sltouM Ittr.' nwrt' dtditrc of finding; mv frim.ls Hutu if | not shut up with my own The oil barbarian arain complained of. thirst, which he ininiclialoly went oul lo These (hri«liiiii«, as they call themselves, ?lon-i appear lo me lo lie any lielier than in lioo,l. Inn the nun arc a bad lot,' and (to throufih life with a aul.linic illdiKcrcncc :.« In Uu. lillimal' .lisi, i.al of il.nr souls In l.'«s .,nc -if Iliemhapiiiiislo he teizel by a mortal IIIiu-m. hi which ea.e he sei,,l, f,,r a II''^^.^''^.^^^^'^^! atetl';' ^urfiu't! tJiiT(* arc two piuios but whort' the wind ever bloivi in one direetion, that is Irani the shore, which shore ouec left, no amount of tacking and veering, no skill in seaman-hill, however ercat, has enabled a voyager lo regain. Vet, oh mo«t voneniule BaRe, a few last days spent on iho beaell uf tilt. .Jark, mysterious sea, when tin- mind and body are enfeebled hy .llsrasc, Ib but a short RpneAi uf time In which to U-nrn its intricate navigation and all the nat*.w'.irds necessarr to ensure a passage on hoard the craft with the white s.ils. That ghost like, shadowy craft -Ah, Cluing l.ing, wlicra will she bear 1 lm« nmllled iu my former letters lo inform thee that, bclttg in great dread of the lawless moh during the disturbances, I hud taken ibe preciution of placing myself under tho jirotection of several nallocnitu, who constantly attended me during my rambles aboiii ihe village! lint I have been com pelled to dispense wilh ray escort, as 1 was constantly ncraslcd wilh 'Hallo, John, drunk again;' it being Eupponed by thfisc pooplo ol obtuse hilelleet thnt I was being w.ineye.l to captivity, there lo exuinte the crime of intoxication, a supposition whicli, la one of my abilenmmt Itoliils, was sufficiently disgusting. Woll would It Ue for Ibe westortt nations if tliey would lake a lesson from us in sobriety. Uut I ha.ve groull hopes of them. They are dooply .link In Jcgradatiou and vice, and yet liavc the Insufferable imncrviu, ence to consider thciuselves o\tr fluper|oi«. A» PQO. 