LONG ODDS By Marcus Clarke. Chapter VIII. KB SEPTIMUS BLAND. When Mr Robert Binns heard of the marriage of his beloved and his enemy, he was both sorrowful and indignant. In his vulgar way he loved Miss Manton, and jealousy and lore affect vulgar people quite as much as they do those of higher rank. The costermonger who cursed in rich and copious Doric at the desertion of Molly Jones, is giving utterance to the same sentiments as those which Mr Aubrey Vere de Vere pours forth when Lady Clara promoted, perhaps, by a feeling of remorse for the death of the " peasant boy "slopes with Auguste Chaesomari, to the infinite grief of all her relatives. Othello and the deceased cat's meat man Bay very much the same things, only the Moor talks poetry, and the purveyor of horseflesh kabobs remarkably bad prose. Binns, grocer's assistant and Poetaster, was as sore at heart as if he had been heir to a dukedom, and descended in a direct line from one of William the Conqueror's desperadoes. He showed his sorrow in a different way though. When Lord Lundyfoot was jilted by Miss O'More of Ballymore, his lordship followed his successful rival to Paris, and shot him through the lungs, with aristocratic disregard of the sixth commandment. When Hobbs (of Hobbs and Butler, oheeBemongers, of Fetter-lane) discovered that HiBs Sophronia Gusset (of Laburnum Villa, Highgate) had thrown him over in order to marry young Horace Tomkins of the Stock Exchange, he took to cold brandy-and-water and cigars course of treatment which eventually terminated in Whitecross Street; while MacHirdio, the civil engineer, brought an action for breach of promise against his treacherous lady love, and soothed his wounded feelings by the application of ?' one farthing damages." Binns, however, did none of these things. He wrote poetry sad stuff most of it was, too, principally about graves, and billows, and blighted hopes, and lonely isles but it relieved Binns. The old woman whose duty it was to replenish the brown bottle that contained a stump of a quill pen and some black coagulated mud, presumed to be ink, was astonished at the quantity of that fluid consumed by the melancholy "irritant." Binns was writing night and morning. He elaborated rhymes while was packing up half-pounds of " moist," and would rush away from the counter at intervals to commit to paper some more than usually brilliant image. Even when going round for orders, his grief would pursue him and while taking his daily turn at the coffee-mill he would groan in the spirit and compare himself to Ixion, whose woeB had been made known to him through a burlesque at the Strand Theatre and an odd volume of Smith's Classical Dictionary. in the elaboration of his parents, and the attempt to tear this rooted passion from his heart, he was assisted by a friend. There were " rooms " over the shop, and in those rooms lived Mr Septimus Bland, reporter for the Morning Mercury. Bland was a tall thin man, with a wiry head of hair, that was always erect and "parting's lest. He was bony, and cadaverous, had a deep resonant voice, wrote shorthand to a miracle, quoted Shakespeare and the poets ad libitum, dressed in rusty black, carried his handkerchief in his hat, greasy packages of bread and meat in his coat-tail pockets, was very shortsighted, very unpractical, and the best hearted, kindest inoffensive creature that ever vegetated upon three pounds a week. Poor Bland began life with a pretty Devonshire wife, and a large stock of English literature and inexperience. As a natural consequence, he went to the bad. He fell gradually from the writer or magazines to the reporter of Sunday papers, then to the pick up of odds and ends for the "dailies." His style of Magazine writing was too old-fashioned for the present day to much like the Spectator, or an odd page in the Rambler. Moreover his wife fell ill; and how could he write articles when his wife was dying The publishers, however, did not care about his wife or anybody's wife; they wanted matter, and if Bland could not supply st someone else could. By-and-by his wife died, and then Bland lived anyhow. He hired a little room in a little street in Hammersmith room littered with books bought secondhand at stalls, and the will covered with pictures from the Illustrated London Neat, pinned or pasted up. He managed for some time to make enough to pay the rent of this place, and when he did not succeed in dining with one of his former friends, would buy himself a chop or steak in some small tavern or eating-house in the city, where he would sit after satisfying his hunger, and think of Johnson and Garrick, Boswell, and Savage, and of the former race of tavern hunters. Recollecting, perhaps, those happy days when he came home to his wife, and, after a cheerful dinner and that, some play, at poem or novel would he read aloud by that tender voice that should read no more on earth now; thinking of these things, he would sit in melancholy meditation; until the greasy waiter, looking with unfriendly eyes upon the lanky man with the thin face and the rusty black clothes, who never gave him once as did the other customers, would bustle about the table, sweep off imaginary crumbs, and otherwise hint that it was time for gentlemen who dined for ninepence to seek some other place. to be miserable in. So Bland would arise, and taking his camlet cloak about him? a cloak that, like its owner, had seen better days? would sally forth and trudge through the rain and mud to Hammersmith. On Sundays, he would if summer? walk to Busby Park and rejoice in the song of the birds, and in the sight of the green trees and sloping lawns. After his appointment to the Mercury staff, he naturally became acquainted with many men of decent income and hospitable intentions, and these occasionally asked him to " take a cut of mutton." These " cuts of mutton " were the only cases in his dreary life; and he was un- reasonably happy when he came across them in his pilgrimage. Poor soul, he was like a child the moment was all in all to him. There was an instinctive refinement about the man that expanded under the influence of soft lights, Shttoring glass, and snowy cloth. Like many another poor Bohemian, he found the enforced companions of his poverty harder to bear than poverty itself. The thousand and one little inconveniences and vulgarities which beset the path of a " poor gentleman " called him to the quick. He could sip a cup of coffee contentedly enough, if such Owing took place in a well-lighted room, with his gentlemen seated in it; but he could not drink it with comfort out of a cracked teacup, in a sordid garret, with a harsh-voiced landlady below stairs clamouring with her red-headed brood. When dining for ninepence in a comfortable eating-house, he forgot his tattered garments, Mb ragged linen, and his lack of shoe leather ; but at home? where his window looked into a dirty court-yard, and where coarse sights, coarse words, and humanity with the seamy side outwards, surrounded him? he felt his burden heavy to bear. He was no Sybarite, but a man of unhappy sensitiveness, and his lot was cast in very unpleasant places. When he came into his fortune of three pounds a week, be left his garret at Hammersmith and came nearer civilisation. The room over the grocer's was to let, and as fortune willed it, Bland set up his tent there. He was quiet and unassuming, kind and good tempered, and an acquaintance I had almost written, friendship had sprung up between the literary hack and the aspiring and love- lorn Binns. Bland had heard the whole history of the Carry-cum-Chatteris affair, of course, and would sit for hours listening with sad amuse- ment to the " assistant's " rhapsodies. Binns had lurked about Dym street for a day or two after the ceremony, in hope of seeing his lost love once again; and after two days prowl- ing, had heard the tidings of Cyril's flight. Bursting with the news, he hurried home and rushed into his friend's chamber. " Mr. Bland! Mr Bland be a left her!" "God bless me! whom? cries the astonished Bland, laying down his book. "Carry. That scoundrel has deserted her. He went away the morning of the wedding, and has never come back." " Never come back!" " No and Mrs Manton's furious, and she's crying fit to break her heart. God babblers her !" " Sit down, my dear Bob. Now, don't go on like that. BIsbs the boy! Here, take some water." And poor Bland bustled about in an agony of soft-heartedness. " It's some plot some cowardly plot to deceive her; I know it is. I knew no good would come of it. What did she want with a swell ?" cries the rejected one, striking the table in his energy of love and despair. " Perhaps it is a mistake." "Mistake! Not it; it's no mistake. The coward! He's left her that's what he's done." " But why should he leave her What is his reason?" "They said something about a telegram came up from the Mercury office. Just a blind, I'll be bound." From the Mercury office!, They would never telegraph from the office. Perhaps some of his friends want him." " Friends! He ain't got no Monds I mean any friends. I believe he's just a swindler and a scoundrel. He's gone and deceived the poor , girl. It serves that old cat right for plotting and contriving. Oh! I hate her, and him, and everyone. I am the most miserable wretch on earth." And Binns laid his head on the table, and gave vent to his vulgar sorrow. " My dear Robert, calm yourself. You are very wrong to go on like this you are indeed." " Oh ! it's all very fine for you, Mr Bland; but when a fellow's heart's broken, it's boo- hoofs hard thing to mend again." Bland looked down upon the squat figure of the poor lad with pitying face. After a pause, he laid his hand gently on his shoulder. " Bob, listen to me a moment." Bob raised his tousled head. " What made Miss Manton fall in love with Mr Charteris?" "What? Why his rings and chains, and scented handkerchiefs, and niminy-piminy ways, I suppose." "If you do suppose so, she is not worth thinking about." " No ; it wasn't that," exclaims Burns, with sudden desperate energy of self- condemnation. " It was because he's a gentleman, and I'm only a cad. He is clever cure him? and I ain't; I know that. Why should she love me, a bout that wears a white apron, and can't talk English ? She's an angel, and I ain't worthy to kiss her shoe leather; but I love her ! Oh! Mr Bland, I'd die to- morrow if I could save her a moment's pain." " Then why not make yourself worthy of her ?" " Worthy of another man's wife!" I do not speak of that. You say that you love a woman that is above you that she despises you because you are less clever and less polished than the man who has married. She can never be anything to you now; but you have it in your power to make yourself worthy of her love for all that. I know Mr Chatteris. He may be more refused he can hardly help being so but he has not half your natural talents" ? Binns gasped ? " and I am sure he has not got your good heart. I do not tell you this to flatter you, my boy, but because I want to see you make a name in that world where I have fought so long and failed so often." " Make a name! The name of Burns." As good as many that shine bright in the list of England's heroes. Your name is nothing; your parson is nothing ; it is your heart that the world wants to see. If you have noble thoughts, earnest aspirations, and honest faith, the world will not care a jot for your name or birth. No!" orieB Bland, rising, his eyes dilating, and his sonorous voice ringing through the sordid chamber, ?' genius is of no nation, of no name, of no person! It is as the mighty wind that sweeps over the ocean, carrying good or evil on its wings, men know not whence it comes, but they bow before its breath. You are a man; speak out a man's thoughts to men, and they will listen to you. The world is hollow, false, and selfish, but Genius comes with scorn in his clear eyes, power in his upraised hand, and heaven's truth upon his lips; and the bare world, like a hound that meets his master, crawls to his kingly feet in mute submission." There was silence for a moment after this outburst. Bland had dropped into his chair, and, with eyes fixed upon the fire, seemed to be thinking of days gone by, when, perhaps, he thought that the mantle of heaven's messenger had fallen upon his shoulders, and when he had hoped that the world would crawl to his feet, now, alas! blistered and weary with tedious travel. Binns ut meditative; his eyes were sparkling, his chest hearing; the earnest purpose in his face made one forget his scorbutic cheeks and his ill-fitting coat. Hid Carry seen him then she might not have thought him so very " vulgar." At last he spoke. "How am I to do it?" said he, in a low voice. Bland roused himself. " It is not an easy task, said he, sadly. " You have much to learn; much to forget. Fame is not won by dallying or repining. You must work for her, toil for her, bleed for her; and then, perhaps, just as she stretches forth the crown, the leaves crumble to dust beneath your trembling fingers, and the withered wreath drops upon a tomb "But how to begin?" " Work, boy, work. Give up writing, and road. Study men, Study life, study nature. You are young, you have energies, and industry." " And these ?" asked Binns, pointing to a mass of papers? his poems that were piled upon a broken chair. " Sholl I burn them ?" " No; but put them away and read them six months hence. Poetry is always the first outbreak of young minds; you were made to be a worker, not a dreamer. There is poetry in work, lad, if you can find it; ay, more than in a sonnet to a sunset or a flower. There will be plenty for men to do in the future. The people are finding out that they are men, not' masses,' and they who would lead them must prove themselves to be worthy leaders of mon. Go out to them and show them a man's heart; there are not many such to be seen nowadays. You sit here with your grocer's apron round your waist, and dream of glorious suns, burning skies, waving trees, and plashing streams. Turn away your eyes from the beauties of valley, field, and river, and look into the face of the careworn, sickly laborer who passes you in the streets. He is unpleasant to look upon, his coat is ragged, his hands dirty, his face pale and begrimed with the sweat and dust of his daily fight for bread; yet I tell you that his life is a poem worthier to write and hear than all the visions of your heated fancy. It is a poem that, if you can interpret to men correctly, they will hail you as a poet great as iUsohylus. The poetry of the age is work and usefulness. It walks, runs, throbs beside and around you. Roll up your apron and go out and seek it; you will find it ready to your hand ; no need to dream of palm islands or groves of myrtles. We do not want a poet to to such us that there is glory in the star or perfume in the flower; we want a man, with a man's heart, who can show us the poetry in our own lives and our own nature. There, I have done, you have made me forget that I am, too, but a dreamer, though I might have done some service once." And Blends voice sank, and his head fell upon his breast. The scrubby little grocer's apprentice rose softly, and turned to quit the room. As he reached the door, his friend spoke again, in an altered tone. "One word before you go. If, in the future, you make yourself a name and place, and you find that this man has deceived and abandoned the woman you love will you protect and guard her?" " I will, by ?-!" said Binns. Cyr back stop Lot ing fell, big toll and day Chapter IX. MAKING BNQ.TJIBIB3. When the dog-cart deposited Dacre and Cyril at the Kirkminster Junction Railway station', they found Mr Robert Calverly walking up and down the platform, with his brown hands deep in the pockets of his gray shooting-coat, and a cigar between his lips. " How do you do, Dacre !" " Going up to town, Bob?" It was a peculiarity of the young Australian's that he was the sort of man that one involuntarily address by his Christian name. There are some men who are specially constituted to be called by diminutive, and this was one of them. He was in brown, honest, frank and impetuous, that the chances were just fifty to one that you slapped him on the back after twenty minutes' acquaintance, and called him "Bob" ever afterwards. " Yob," says Bob, "I want to order some things." " Then we'll all go together. This is Mr Cyril Chatteris, of Matcham." After the usual bowing ceremony had been gone through, Bob Calverly took a prolonged side look at Cyril. This was the man, then, whom Dacre had hinted that Kate loved. Bob saw nothing loveable in him. The clear-cut features, and the delicate hands were no charms in the Australian's eyes and he looked in vain for a certain frankness of eye, and fearlessness of aspect, that he was wont to find in men whom he called " friends." Cyril, however, was remarkably agreeable, and having preserved a decent melancholy for some fifty miles, began to brighten up; and when the trio got out at Swindloton for incidental refreshments, the talk was fast and furious. Bob was enraptured at the barrack life at Kirkminster; and his Australian impression of the British army not being the best in the world, he was proportionately inclined to praise the bonhommie, good-fellowship, and gentlemanly bearing of the majority of the men in the 7th. "The best fellows I ever met in my life!" said he, with enthusiasm. " Yes," returned Dacre. "There is no medium in the service. A man is either A 1 at Lloyd's, or Bnob,' stock, lock and barrel." " Well, I've known men who were neither," put in Cyril. " Possible, but not probable. Are you sure that you really knew them? A dinner at the ' Rag,' or a luncheon at Richmond doesn't make you Jcnoxo a man, you know." Cyril reddened, Mentor was arrogating too much to himself. " The British soldier,' as you call him, has a fine time of it," put in Bob, who detected the sting in Dacre's reply, and was anxious to change the conversation. " He seems to me to live like a fighting cock, with books, gymnasiums, and all sorts of things." " Yes, returns the sententious Rupert, shifting his railway rug more comfortably over his legs. " He lives far too well. The Government makes a great mistake in pampering up her food for powder; ' I believe in the old regime, when the British soldier had his life made such a curse to him, that he fought like a fiend to get rid of it." Bob stared aghast, and Rupert having watched the effect produced by his nonsense upon the unsophisticated one, lit a cigar and smoked in calm defiance of the by-laws, " What strange things you say, Rupert," laughs Cyril," you'll make Mr Calverly believe that English government officials are the hardest hearted fellows in Europe." " Or the softest headed." Bob laughed cheerily. " Chaff away, you fellows, don't mind me. I've stood plenty of chaff in my life." The door won mon A din' wot toil done all he, is told 1 the had "How long have you left Australia?" lays Cyril. " Oh, about twelve months. Wish I was back there again." "Wish you were back P" "Yes, I'd rather be riding a good horse after stock over the plains, than dawdling about London drawing-rooms." "All you Australian fellows are always talk- j very ing about' riding after stock. I remember that our fellow, Darling Downs, who used to give those big feeds in Kensington Gore ho was always talking about stock, and stations, and wild cattle, and bush fires, and riding one hundred miles a day for six weeks." " Ah, that sort of thing is very easy to talk," says Bob, " but could he ride ?" " Oh, yes, he could ride fast enough," says Dacre, " the a ghost Boat, and the lightest hand of any man I know." "That's a different thing to sitting a buck jumper." " Pooh, I'll find you a boy out of any hunt- ing stables in England that will sit the worst j buckjumper ever foaled," says Cyril. And they went off into a discussion upon the difference between bucking and plunging, and English and colonial saddles, and post-and-rail fences, and grass country, and hunting in the shires, and all the Australian horse-talk that arises between English riding mon and Bojournors from that land of freedom. By-and-by the conversation turned upon other topics, and after a brief description of Bourke-street and a horse bazaar, Bob waxed eloquent, and entertained them for an hour with an account of a certain cattle muster on the Warrego, in which he and a stockman named Dick took a prominent part. Just as he came to the part where an old bull who, having lagged behind (the custom of old bulls was about to charge Dick's horse, who had put his foot in a crab hole, and Dick sprang up, all dusty from earth, and with a tremendous crack of his stock-whip, challenged his antagonist to " come on," the train ran into London Bridge station, and the journey was at an end. " Where do you put up, Bob ?" Bays Dacre. At Limmer's." " You must come and see me, old fellow; 37, Brook-street is my humble roof." " Delighted!" " " I tell you what come up next Wednesday, st 8 o'clock, and I'll have a few fellows to meet you." I think Ponsonby and Hetherington will be up from Kirkminster on Thursday." 11 Then I'll leave note for them at the ' Rog," and we'll fix it for Friday." " All right, old fellow." And the Australian departed in a hansom for Limmer's. " You had better come with me," says Dacre to Cyril. " We will dine together and talk over matters." " Thanks; but I want to go up to my old lodgings to-night." " Oh, to-morrow will do for that." " Yes, I know?but?No, I think I must go to-night." " By the way, where are your lodgings ? You were so close when you were under the paternal cloud, that I never could find out where you lived." "I! oh, nonsense. I lived intending South Audley-street, says Cyril, at a venture, and the moment he had said it, he regretted that he had not spoken the truth. What did it matter t " Oh, indeed! Well then, if you won't come, good-by till Friday. Go down to the Mercury. office, Fleet-street, cabby!" Ab Cyril went home, he thought of many things. Of his now prospects, of his pledge concerning the Radical newspapers, of Carry and Mrs Manton the he thought of Kate. They had parted without an explanation. She had been taken by surprise at his sudden departure, and though her wistful eyes had seemed to ask for some reference to those few moments in the study, he had given none. " What am I to tell her ?" thought he, " and what am I to say to Carry ?" He had not made up his mind upon either point, when the cab drew up at his wife's house, and he was " at home once more, "Good gracious! if it isn't Mr Cyril!" cried Maria Jane. " Mrs. Manton bustled out. " Oh, so you've come back at last! Upon my word, this is nice goings on. A fortnight away from your wife, and not so much as a letter." He put her aside, and went into the parlor. " Where is she?" " Where is the! Much you are, I expect. Why, gone down to the Mercury office to ask after you, Mr Cyril Charter is." To the Mercury office ! she might have waited until I wrote" "Waited, oh yes! How did we know you were ever coming back again ? Wait, indeed!" Even as she spoke there was a hurried tread in the passage. Carry had seen the cab draw up at the house, and leaving the arm of a tall thin man in rusty black, who had escorted her home, ran up the steps, pushing past the port- manteau laden cabby, burst open the door and flung herself into her husband's arms. " Cyril, Cyril, my darling! you have come back again." " Yes, and a nice time he's been about it," ejaculated the angry mother. " Oh, Cyril, I have heard all about it at the office. I am so sorry." " All about what ?" " About your brother's death." Who could have told her? How did she know and how much ? He grow pale from' anger and fear, , "Your brother's death!" exclaims Mrs Manton, who seemed to recognise the fact of Cyril's black clothes for the first time. " Why, that Lieutenant Chatteris that the newspaper spoke about wasn't your brother, was so? Carry and me saw the account of the steeplechase in the Tiler, but we never thought as how it was your brother." The decisive moment had come at last. He must confess or deny, now or never. Carry had half withdrawn herself from his arms, and was looking up into his face in blank amazement. He nerved himself for a bold stroke. Catching his wife in his arms, he drew himself up and pointed to the door. " Will you have the goodness to leave me alone with my wife, Madam." Mrs Manton stated, but the shock of the discovery had shaken her nerves. She had believed Cyril to be " well off," but Mr Chatteris, the brother of a lieutenant of dragoons, and the son of a wealthy landed proprietor, was a very different person to the son-in-law she had expected. She east one wrathful amazed look upon the flashing eyes, and outstretched finger of her daughter'! husband, and than with a vicious toss of her cap ribbons, slammed the door upon her retreating figure, and the pair were alone together. " Sit down, my darling," says Cyril, after a moment's pause, "I want to tell you something." trate Hen court might such other men upon bilit; what bitter rath ting soon be able irre| His was that love ran; mot viii, what play she was six and Sui pro 1 Aa Bland was coming down the stairs of the dingy office in Fleet-street the day after his conversation with Burns, he was struck by the somewhat unusual appearance of a pretty woman in the freshest of autumn walking toilets, gazing disconsolately at the numerous doors, stairs, and windows of that uncomfort- able pile of buildings. " Can I assist you in any way, madam," asked he, with a bow. '* Oh, yes, sir ; if you would be so good as to tell me where I can find Mr Chatteris ?" Mr Chatteris ! Bland took another look at the timid figure. Could this be the "Carry " he had heard so much about " Have I the pleasure of speaking to Mrs Chatteris ?" "Yes," with such a rush that it almost made Bland blush too. " I am afraid that he is not here," said he, I will ask, though." It was a curious question to put, but the tall gentleman looked so kind and good that Carry ventured to put it. "Do you know where he is, sir ?" " No, my dear; but I will ask if anybody knows," "He got a telegram from the office a fortnight ago, and he has not come back since." This statement tabled strangely with Burns' story, and the shabby reporter shook his head sorrowfully. " Wait here one moment, Mrs Chatters, and I will go and ask about it." A hansom cab had just driven up to the door, and Mr Rupert Dacre alighting therefrom, had caught the last sentence, Mrs Chatteris! Did he hear aright ? Bland had seen the private secretary of Lord Nantwich before, and had seen him with Cyril too. " Excuse me, Mr Dacre, but a lady is here asking for Mr Chatteris. Do you know where he is?" " He came up to town with me this morning. He was obliged to go down into the country to attend his brother's Amoral." Carry board, and her suspicions of the past week seemed cruel. " Thank you, sir," said she to Bland, I will go home." " Will you allow me to walk with you, madam?" says Bland. She looked up into the kindly, haggard face, and saw nothing but courtesy and pity there. "I shall be very glad if you will," said Bbc. Mr Rupert Dacre, pausing on the stair head, saw the pair go away together. OF Why, that is the little girl I saw Cyril speak I tl! to once before! Mrs ChattoriB?'um ? a born , made convenance, I suppose. He can't have married her, surely. What a sly young dog it *" is. I must find out about' Mrs Chatters.'" and ife, Mrs it of toy. spor ho? into view He had was ent. ling and me the had cries, and ran a had look nger th a Chapter X. j i MRS STANTON BEEN HER WAY." Cabby, I want to tell you something!" ' He hardly knew, though how to tell it. It D is not a pleasant task that of telling the . 1 woman you have married that you are ashamed i s of her family, if not of herself, and many a better man than Cyril Chatteris would have felt his eloquence fail him at such a juncture. He made a bold push for it, however. He had plunged into the flood and must sink or swim, B is heart half failed him when he looked at his wife's frightened eyes, where the love light had not died yet. "Carry, I have done a very foolish thing." " How ?" " I should have written to my father before I married you." The little woman poured. It did seem hard that his first sentence to her should be one of regret. * " Is he angry with you, dear P" " He knows nothing." " Oh, Cyril, have you not told him ?" A vague terror possessed her as she asked the question. A marriage was not a thing to be concealed. " Listen to me, darling. The telegram that called me from younger kissed her, Judas-like, at thememory?"contained news of my brother's accident. He was killed in a steeplechase, and I only reached home to see him buried. The house was in confusion, and my father was over- come with grief. What could I do ?" Bbc had not yet arrived at the distrustful stage. In love one believes everything. Yet the vague terror was there still. " But you will tell him, Cyril ?" "Of course. It will be the happiest moment of my life show barron the hackneyed sentence Bounded "when I can take you home with me. But, for a time, it is best that things rest as they are." She turned her face to his, and kissed him. " As you please, dear." "You see, Carry," he stammered, " that? that I am entirely dependent on my father, and that, if I should give him cause to quarrel with me, I might be left penniless. Season our marriage should be at least it is best for the present?and?and " (he rushed at the mental fence)?" we shall not love each other the less, shall we ?" What need for me to write the answer ? It was the strongest argument he had used yet, and was effectual, of course. " What am I to tell my mother ?" She asked after a pause. He scarcely know what to answer. " Tell her nothing," said he. "Oh, Cyril!" " Well, what would you tell her? that I shall be a beggar if my father hears that I have married her daughter? The reason is a good one, I admit!" and he laughed bitterly. " But she must know" " Well, tell her I am not the brother of the Lieutenant Chatteris you spoke of." " But that would be a lie." He looked down upon her crimsoned face. She would not be for him yet. The scruple struck him as so feeble a one that he laughed involuntarily. " You little goose, did you think I meant it Tell her what you please, my darling. I do not suppose that she can harm us." - Her lissome fingers, white and slender enough, played with the button of his coat nervously. " You know, she thought she hoped that you were well off, and that she could give up keeping lodgings, and come and live with us." Cyril grew hot with shame and anger. Did she hops so indeed! Her hopes would be free trated then. And yet it was natural enough.' He married the girl openly, and the mother, of course, had a claim on him. But the matter might be arranged." He had heard of such " arrangements." He had laughed, with others of his class, at the burdens that other men bore. He had often given his opinion upon the restraint of marriage, and the possibility of some pleasant " arrangement" by which one could taste the sweet without the bitter, At college he had been considered rather a " man of the world "a cool, calculating easy mannered materialist, who snapped social ties like witches; and it was his pride to be considered so. But now the real living, actual mother-in-law was before him, large and irrepressible. How could he deal with her? B is wife, too! He loved her, certainly, but it was a love that made him think for a moment that had she not been his wife, he could have loved her more. Could the matter be " arranged ?" He might take her away from her mother, and bury her in some cottage, Bomo villa oVoro, where birds, flowers, trees, and sunshine should make up for the loss of name and place. You when he looked at her, he shuddered at his own thoughts. Love's torch was burning still, and he could not have at a simulated dishonor. " If it was not for the mother, we could go and live quietly somewhere," he thought, Surely in time he might get rid of her. At present it was simply impossible. He rose with a sigh. " Of course she will live with us, my darling. We must ask her, though, to put up with poverty, for I am not rich, you know." Carry laughed. She measured wealth by watch chains, and rings, and shining boots, and coats by Poole " You are rich enough for me, Cyril. We will live as happy asses-" " As the prince and princess in the fairy tales! But I am an enchanted prince, you know, condemned to seem like a monster in my darling's eyes, because I cannot proclaim her princess!" She laid her head on his breast. The action touched him, it was so tenderly confident. " God bless you, my darling! I will try and make you happy." And, for the moment, he believed he meant it. So the household went on as usual. Mrs Manton, indignant at the assumption of her authority, did not appear until breakfast the next morning; and, when she did appear, acted la grande dame with an affectation of distant politeness that made Carry blush and Cyril laugh. He was in better humor now. Having got over the first difficulty the telling his wife who was prepared to do battle with the mother-in-law. Moreover, in the halcyon days of marriage, one is apt to look at the world through rose ku j tinted glass, and to trust to Fortune for a settlement of unpleasant matters. He informed Mrs Manton that he should take no stops at at present with regard to " moving." I " I must look out for a house somewhere," said he; " and in the meantime, Carry and I j had better stop here." The Burden bowed haughtily. I " Look here, Mrs Manton," said he, " don't It j be annoyed at what I said last night. I had he j just returned from a long journey, and was ed a fatigued and angry." a The lady tossed her head. "S follow "C prom perm be, 1 word occur verse dress pera who of the CIB! told trim grey of i hair crop the price gent say sure fath WOU prof plic as i of hot rob abc figs ans tail our eve for; near the door cor pla my hut the of shall have good the face. uple lied t it? once under coat that are up Bid and " Very well, Mr Ohuttoris. If you apolo- gises, that's enough. Though I must say that, to turn a Lady out of her own Apartments, wasn't considered manners when I was a gala!" " My dear madam, I never intended any dis- respect, "show the word stuck in his throat " but you see that? in fact that I was tired, and perhaps wrong and laity." " Quite enough, sir! And may I ask where you and my daughter intend to reside ?" Cyril was getting warm again. " Reside! why, here, of course! unless you prefer us to go elsewhere." How he hoped that she would say Yea! "Prefer! My preferences are not to be consulted. I only look to my child's comfort and happiness. Oh, Mr Cyril, you'll make her a good husband, won't you. She's all that's left to me now I" The red face grew redder, and the eyes seemed about to overflow. How hideously like her daughter the mother looked. " I will do my best, of course. But do be reasonable. You know I am not rich, and must make the boat of things for a little time. I have only a small allowance from my father, and depend in a great measure upon my own exertions. The fact is, that my father is given to prejudices, and if he knew that I had married a person? a lady in your daughter's position, he would be very much annoyed, and would probably out off my allowance altogether." " But you're the eldest son now." "That does not do me any good. The prop the little moneys I may have are entirely dependent on my father's will. If be quarrels with me, I shall get nothing." This was the best thing he could have said. Madam Manton was a woman of the world, But she saw, or thought she saw the position of things at a glance. Cyril was the son of a rich old gentleman, who would " cut him off with a shilling if he disobeyed or displeased him. In time he would succeed to property, and then his wife and mother-in-law would partake of his luxury. But in the meantime the marriage must be " kept dark." She could watch over her daughter Woollnough. No fear that any denial of marriage should take place while she kept watch and ward. Cyril, too, must be humored. If he was tried beyond his power of endurance, he might tell his father, and to blight his own and his wife's hopes for ever. She took her cue at once. " My poor boy! Well, you shall not suffer for me. You have married my Carry out of love, and you shan't suffer for it. No! not if I works my fingers to the bone!" The sentiment was excellent, but, as Cyril inwardly remarked, the grammar was execrable. "There is no need to do that I can work for her as well as you can. The only thing I wish is, that you will keep the fact of our marriage as quiet as possible." " Rely on me, my dear boy, rely on me." Carry, fearful of the result of the interview, had been weeping silently in another chamber. She heard the parlor door open, and ran to meet her mother. " What did he lay, mother t" "Ssy! What should he say? Ugh, you little fool! Dry your eyes, and go and talk to him." (to a compares.) 