Mosk Skinnee ijc New Yobk. — I arrived hore a fow days ago, and immediately took rooms at the Astor Houso. To be suro, I had no money to pay for them ; but why think of pay if we aro only good ? I have always made it a rnle to !___» il._ 1. ? 4. _p ? n ? ? 'i* ^ , if ? ^ uuvv liiu uuab ul uvury Luiug, eveu 11 x aui omigeu to get trusted for it. But the times aro so hard just now, that I find it very hard work to make both ends moet. I hadn't been at tho Astor but one day, when tho clerk brought me my bill. '? This nnshnmnrjr ' sniri T. lMn nnv -»tr fl»n Anv 9' — ' Is it with men of your stamp,' ho replied. ' What kind of a stamp do you tako mo for ?' said I. ' You look like a two cent stamp,' ho replied,—' mighty thin ; but if any one should wot you once, you'd stick liko thunder ; but we don't propose to try it. You either pay this bill, or got out. Havo you got any monoy P'- said ho. ' My estimable youngfriend,' Irepliod, ' you have probably heard of Dr. Bon Franklin, long since deceased. That eminent physician was at one time in tho proverb business, and did a very_good_ thing. Ho said, among other things that time is money. Now I havont got any money, bnt as regards time, I amafiluent circum stances j and If you will receipt tbat bill, I will give you a check for as much time as you think equivalent, and throw yon in a couplo hours for yoiw tronblo.' Ho rnned no reply ; but from the fact of the porter's cominz up immediately aftor,_ romaving ray trunk to the sido-walk, and hustling me out after it, 1 inferred that I wasn't considered a financial success. I- immediately called a hackman, and told him to tako mo to a cheap but respectable hotel. 'And the cheaper it is,' I added, ' the moro respectable I shnll consider it.' He drovo mo to the Excelsior nouse, ana 1 toia nim 1 was under a great obli gation to him, and if at any timo I could do him, a favor, I should feel grieved if he didn't speak to mo about it, formy proud spirit spurns an obli gation. ' If you don't fork ovor that fifty cents,' said ho, ' thoro '11 be a funeral in your family, and it won't be your wife, nor nono of your child ren.' He swore at me awfully, and said ho would hare it out of my trnnk, so ho burst it open ; but tho conteqts of thaftrunk are far from valuable, for I carry it fflled with sawdust. It looks just as respectable, and, in on emergency of this kind, is iuralnable. I will not say that this hackman looked daggers at me, — ho looked a whole arsenal, v/ith a back room full' of extra bayonets ; ns he mounted his box and drove away tho air was I'airly bluo with oaths. It fairly miiv7)»rl mv lilnnri fyt linni* liitn ownnii aimfi Btur.it swears. I never had my blood curdled before, so I put some in a bottle to look at. — Moss Skinner. Si'iiiiruAHSM and Saintx. — In a lecture de livered at one of tho lato meetings of tho 'Spir- itual Conference,' on ' Physical Manifestations' it was rerriarkrd, in rogrd to* 'mediums' for those phenomena, that tho ' rose-tying always aflordod a loophole for doubt whioh the calico bandages do not admit of.' To prevent a ' medium' from playing tho ghost,- would not a - restraint raoro eflcctual than calico bandages b» .a straight- waistcoat P Wo aro informed at tho lato Spiritualist Conference that our .lunatic asylums containing many undeveloped mediums Punch would have supposed-still more devclope ones. .The strait-waistcoat would thui seem to be an altogether . appropriate uniform for me diums In such a restraining garment we might :s.iv indoed, with a twist of the old Latin saw, ? Medium tutissimiisibit. 