THE NOVELIST, UNCLE SILAS. Bi* J. B. Li: FASU. CHAPTER. XXIV-HOW THE AMBASSADOR FARED. Lady Knollys, I could plainly Pee when we p into the brighter lights at tho dinner table, w herself a good deal excited; she waa relieved a: glad, and was garrulous during our meal, and to me all her early recollections of dear papa. Mc of them I had heard before ; but they could not told too often. Notwithstanding my mind sometimes wnndore often indeed, to the conference so unexpected, suddenly decisive, possibly so momentous ; ai with a dismayed uncertainty, the question-had done right ?-was alway« before me. I dare say my cousin understood my charact better, perhaps, after all my honest self-stud than I do even now. Irresolute, suddenly rever ing my own decisions, impetuous in notion as si knew me, she feared, I am sure, a revocation of m comtniasioo to Doctor Bryerly, and thought of tl; countermand I might send galloping after him. So, kind creature, she laboured to occupy m thoughts, and when ono theme was exhauste found another, and liad always her parry prepare as often as 1 directed a reflection or an inquiry 1 the re-opening of the question which she had take so much pains to close. That night I was troubled. I was already ur braiding myself. 1 could not sleep, and at hu eat up in bed, and cried. I lamented my weaknes in having assented to Doctor Bryerly's and m cousin's advice. W>is I not departing from my ei gageaient to my dear papa ? Was I not consen mg that my Uncle Silas should be induced t second my breach of faith by a corresponding pei fidy ? Lady Knolly3 had done wisely in despatchin Doctor Bryerly so promptly; foi", most assured 1" had lie been at Knowl next morning when 1 cam down I should have recalled my commission. That day in the study I found four pnpers whic increased my perturbation. They were in de« papa's handwriting, ana had an indorsement i these words-" Copy of my letter addressed to - one of the trustees named in my will," Here, then were the contents of those four sealed letters whic] had excited mino and Lady Knollys' curiosity o: tho agitating day on which the will was read. It contained theso words: "I name my oppressed and unhappy brothel Silas Ruthyu, residing at my ¡house of Bartram Haugh, as guardian of the person of my belovet child, to convince the world, if possible, and fail ing that, to satisfy at least all future generutioni of our family that his brother, who knew hin best, had implicit confidence in him, and that lu deserved it. A cowardly and preposterous slander, originating in political malice, anc which would never have been whispered had lu not been poor and imprudent, is host silenced b; this ordeal of purification. All 1 possess goes ti him if my child dies under age; and the custody o her person I commit meanwhile to him alon« knowing that she is as safe in his as she coul have been under my own care. 1 rely upon you remembrance of our early friendship to make th i known wherever an opportunity occurs, and alsi to sn y what your sense of justice may warrant." The other letters were in the same spirit. Mj heart sank like lead as I read them. I quaked with fear. What had I done? My father's wise and noble vindication of our dishonoured name 1 had presumed to frustrate. I had, like a coward, receded from my easy share in the task; and. merciful Heaven, I had broken my faith with the dead ! With these letters in my hand, white with fear, I Hew like a shadow to the drawing-room where Cousin Monica was, and told her tn read them. J Baw by her countenance how much alarmed she was by my looks, but she said nothing, only read the letters hurriedly, and then exclaimed " Is this all, my clear child ? I really fancied you had found a second will, and had lost everything'. Why, my dearest Maud, we knew all Austin's motive. Why are you so easily disturbed ?'' "Oh, Cousin Monica, I think he was right; it all seems quite reasonable now ; and I-oh, what a crime !-it must be stopped." "My dear Maud, listen to reason. Doctor Bryerly has seen your uncle at Bartram at least two hours ago. You can't stop it, and why on earth should you if you could ? Don't you think your uncle should bo consulted ?" said she. " But ho has decided. I have his letter speak ing of it ns settled ; and Doctor Bryerly-oh, Cousin Monica, he's gow» to tempt him." '. Nonsense, girl ! Doctor Bryerly is a good and just man, I do believe, and has, beside, no imngiuable motive to prevent either his con science or his judgment, lie's not gone to tempt him- stuff !- but to unfold the facts and invito his consideration ; nnd 1 say, considering how thoughtlessly such duties are often under taken, ami how long Silas has been living in lazy solitude, shut out from the world, and unused to discuss anything, I do think it only conscientious and honouVable that ho should have a fair and dis tinct view of the matter in all its bearings sub mitted to him before he indolently incur1" what may provo the worst danger he was ever involved in." SJ Lady Knollys argued, with feminine energy, and 1 must confess, with a good deal of th« repeti tion which I have sometimes observed in logicians of my own sex, and she puzzled without satisfy ing me. " I don't know why 1 went to that room," I said, quita frightened; "or why I went to that press; how it happened that these papers, which we never saw there before, were tho first things to strike my eye to-day." " What clo you mean, dear ?" said Lady Knollys, "I mean thia-I think I was brought there, and that there is poor papa's appeal to me, as plain as if his han I carno and wrote it upou the wall." I nearly screamed the conclusion of this wild confession. " You aro nervous, my darling ; your bad nights have worn you out. Lot us go out; tho air will do you good ; and I do assure you that you will very soon soe that we ajre quito right, and rejoice* ccfastíentitíüsry that ybü htiVö nblêa ao yira div?* But I was not to be satisfied, although my t vehemence was quieted. In my prayers t night my conscience upbraided me. Wheu I down in bod my nervousness returned fourft Everybody, at all nervously excitable, has suffe some time or another by tlie appearance of ghas features presenting themselves in every varietj contortion, ono after another, the moment the e; are closed. This night my dear father's f: troubled me-sometimes white and sharp as ive sometimes strangely transparent like glass, sot times all hanging in cadaverous folds, always w the same unnatural expression of diabolical fur Prom this dreadful vision I could only escf by sitting up and staring at the light, length worn out, I dropped asleep, and in a drei I distinctly hoard papa's voice say sharply outs: the bed-curtain :-" Maud, we shall be late at B tram- Haugh." And I awoke in a horror, the walls, as it seomi still ringing with the summons, and the speak« fancied, standing at the other side of the curtail: A miserable night I passed. In the rnornii looking myself like a ghost, I stood in my nig! dress by Lady-Knollys' bed. " I have luid my warning," I said, " Oh, Cou¡ Monica, papa has been with mr?, aud ordered nie Bartram-Haugh ; and go 1 will." She stared in my face uncomfortably, and th tried to laugh the matter off; but Í know she w troubled at the strange state to which agitati and suspense had reduced me. " You're taking too much for granted, Mauc said the; "Silas Ruthyn, most likely, will refu his consent, and insist on your going to Bartrai Haugh." "Heaven grant 1" I exclaimed; "but if I doaen't, it is all tlie same to me, go I will. 1 may turn me out, but I'll go, and try to expia the breach of faith that I fear is so horrib wicked." We had several hours still to wait for t arrival of tV¡e post. Por both of us the delay w a suspense ; for me an almost agonizing ono. . length, at an unlooked-for moment, Branston cl enter the room with tho post-bag. There was large letter, with the Pel tram post-mark, address to Lauy Knollys-it was Doctor Bryerly's despatc we read it together. It was dated on the di before, and its purport was thus: " KESI'KCTED MADAM, " I this day saw Mr. Silas Euthyn Bartraui-IIaugh, and he premptorily refuse on any terms, to vacate tho guardianship or consent to Miss Ruthyn's residing anywhere bi under his own immediate caro. As he bases li refusal, first upon a conscientious difficulty, d daring that he has no right, through fear < personal contingencies, to abdicate an office in posed in so solemn a way, and so naturally di volving on him aa only brother to the deceasec and secondly upon the effect such a withdrawal, i the instance of the acting trustee, would have upo his own character, amounting to a public self-coi demnation ; and as he refused to discuss these pos I tions with me, I could make no way whatsoevt with him. Finding, therefore, that his mind wti quite made up, after a Bhort time I took my leav He mentioned that preparations for his niece's ri ception are being completed, and that he will sen for her in a few clays; so that I think it will t advisable that I should go down to Knowl, to a6sii Miss Ruthyn with any advice-she may requii before her departure, to discharge servants, get ii ventories made, and provide for the care of th place and grounds during lier minority. " I am, respected Madam, yours truiy, " IIA NS E. BRYEHLY." I can't describe to you how cuapfallen nn angry my cousin looked. She sniffed once o twice, and then said, rather bitterly, in a subdue< tone : " Well, now ; I hope you are pleased ?" " No, no, na ; you know I'm not-grieved to th heart, my only friend, my dear Cousin Monica but my conscience is at rest; you don't knov what a sacrifice it is ; I am a most unhappy crea ture. I feel an indescribable foreboding. I an frightened; but you won't forsake nie, Cousii Monica." " No, darling, never," she said, sadly. "And you'll come and see me, won't you, a often as you can ?" " Yes, dear ; that is if Silas allows me ; and I'n sure he will," she added hastily, seeing, I suppose terror in my face. " All I can do, you may bi sure I will, and perhaps he will allow you to corni to me, now and then, for a short visit. You know I am only six miles away-little ruoie than hali an hour's drive, and though I hate Bartram, ant detest Silas-YRS, I detest Silas," she repeated ir reply to my surprised gaze-" I will call at Bar tram-that is, I say if he allows me; for, yoi; know, I haven't been there for a quarter of a cen tury; and though I never understood Silas, I fancj he forgives no sins, whether of omission or commis sion." I wondered what old grudge could mako my cousin judge Uncle Silas always so hardly-I could not suppose it was justice. Ï had seen my hero indeed lately so disrespectfully handled before my eyes, that he had, as idols will, lost something of his sacredness. But as an article of faith, I still cultivated my trust in his divinity, and dismissed every intruding doubt with an exorcism, asa sug gestion of the evil one. But I wronged Lady Knollys dn suspecting her of pique, or malice, or anything more than that tendency to take strong views which some persons attribute to my sex. So then, the little project of Cousin Monica's guardianship, which, had it been poor papa's wish, would have made me so very happy, was quite knocked on tho head, to revive no more. Í com» forted myself, however, with her promise to re open communications with Bartrain-IIaugh, and we grew resigned, I remember, next morning, as we sat at a very late breakfast, Lady Knollys, reading a letter, suddenly made an exclamation and a little laugh, and read on with increased interest for a few minutes, and then, with another little laugh, she looksd up, placing her hand, witli tlie open letter in it, beside her tea-cup. " You'll not guess who I've been reading about," said slip, with her head tho least thing on one side, mid an arch smile. I felt myself blushintr-cheeks, forehead, even down to the tips of my fingors. , I anticipated the name J. was IO behr. Shë loómL vwy much amused. Was it possible that Captain Oakley was married ? "I really have not the least idea," I replied, with that kind of overdone carlessness which betrays ns. " No, I sae quite plainly you have not ; but you can't think how prettily you blush," answered she, very much diverted. " I really don't care," I replied, with some little dignity, and blushing deeper and deeper. " Will you make a guess ?" abe asked. " I can't guess." " Well, shall I tell you ?" "Justas you please." " Well, I will-that is, I'll read a pnge of my letter, which tells it all. Do you know Georgina Fanshawe?" she asked. " Lady Georgina P No." "Well, no matter; she's in Paris now, and this letter is from her, and she says-let me see the place- -Yesterday, what do you think?-quite an apparition !-you shall hear. My brother Craven yesterday insisted on my accompanying him to Lo ila*'' shop in that odd little antique street near the Grève ; it is a wonderful old curiosity shop. I forget what they call them here. When we went into tins place it was very nearly deserted, and there were so many curious things to look at all about, that for a minute or two 1 did not observe a tall woman, in a grey silk and a black velvet mantle, and quite a nice new Parisian bonnet. You will be charmed, by-the-bye, with the new shape -it is only out three weeks, and is quite indescrib ably elegant, I think, at least. They have them, I am sure, by this time at Molnitz's, ao I need say no more. And now that I am on this subject of dress, I have got your lace; andi think you will be very ungrateful if you are not charmed with it.' Well, 1 need not read all that-here is the rest ;" and she read " ' But you'll ask about my mysterious dame in the new bonnet and velvet mantle : «he sitting on a stool at the counter, not buying, but evidently selliug a quantity of stones and trinkets which she had in a card-box, and the man was picking them up one by one, and, I suppose, valuing thom. I was near enough to see such a darling little pearl cross, with at least half a doaen really good pearls in it, and had begun to cov«t them for my set, when the lady glanced over my shoulder, and she knew me-in fact, we kaew one another- and who do you think she was ? Well-you'll not guess in a week, and J can't wait so long ; se> I may as well tell you at once-she waB that horrid old Made moiselle Blassemare whom jrou pointed out to me at Elverston ; and I never forgot her face since nor she, it seems, mine, for she turned away very quickly, and when I next saw her her veil was down." " Did not you tell me, Maud, that you had lost your pearl cross while that dreadful Madame de la Rougierre was here P" "Yes; but-" " I know ; but what has she to do with Made moiselle do Blassemare, you were going to say they are one and the same person." " Oh, I perceive," answered I, with that dim ¡ sense of danger and dismay, with which one hears suddenly of an enemy of whom one has lost sight of for a time. "I'll write and tell Georgie to buy that cross. I wager my life it is yours," said Lady Knollys, firmly. Tho servants, indeed, made no secret of their opinion of Madame de la Rougierre, and frankly charged her with a long list of larcenies. Even Anne Wixted, Avho had enjoyed her barren favour while the gouvernante was here, hinted privately that she had bartered a missingpiece of lace belong ing to me with a gipsey pedlar, for French gloves and an Irish poplin. " And so surely as I find it is yours, I'll set the police in pursuit." " But you must not bring me into court," said I, half amused and half alarmed. " No occasion, my dear ; Mary Quince and Mrs. Rusk can prove it perfectly." " And why do you dislike her so very much ?" I asked. Cousin Monica leaned back in her chair, and searched the cornice from corner to corner with upturned eyes for the reason, and at last laughed a little, amused at herself. " Well, really, it is not easy to define, and per haps, it is not quite charitable ; but I know I hate her, and I know, you little hypocrite, you hate her as much as I ;" and we both laughed a little. " But you must tell me all you know of her his tory." "Her history?" echoed she. "I really know next to nothing about it ; only that I used to see her «omètimes about the place that Georgina men tions, and there were some unpleasant things said about her; but you know they may be all lies. The worst I know of her is her treatment of you, and her robbing the desk,"-(Cousin Monica always ¡called it robbery.)-"and I think that's enough to hang her. Suppose we go out for a Iwalk ?" So together we went, and I resumed about Madame; but no more could I extract- perhaps there was not much more to hoar. 