WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. In addition to the business of Wednesday last, already reported the following matters come up for consideration The Rev 1 Orsin brought up a resolution of the Chippcn-) dale quarterly meeting, urging in the strongest terms that a third married minister should not be appointed to that Circuit at the ensuing Conference The meeting, how st or, felt that it could not agree to recommend the request of the quarterly meeting Bombala is also due to take a married minister The District Meeting does not urge that Bom- bale be required to support a married minister next your I in stormy, OcTom n 22-The President took the chair at 10 o'clock The secretary read portion of Scripture and the Rev W Moore offered player The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The Rev B 'orttey presented himself for a i wa voce. examination in systematic theology The examination occupied nearly all the morning utting At its close, the Rev. G Hurst deemed ruinous to break a lance with the president on the critical meaning of the Greek in a passage quoted during the examination the President expressed himself as quite prepared to discuss the question, and prove his acceptance of the passage, but that this was not the time If Mr Hurst would prepare a paper on the point he would be very happy to find time to discuss it The book lists of Messrs Portley and Glasson were bonded in These lists showed that each of the pro- bationers had been diligent readers during the year, the papers yet to be handed in will give evidence as to whether they have been students during the same time In the afternoon, after the usual devotional exercises, the resolutions on which notice had press rously been given were discussed As these are recommendations to Conference, it is not usual to publish them at this stage We may, however, name from -the Waverley and Ashfield quarterly meetings recommended lay agency in the Conference, the Rev. T Firth proposed a recommendation relating to Sunday schools the Rev G Woolnough, and A , called attention to the desirability of an alteration in the time of changing stewards, the Rev G Hurst moved a recommendation relating to local preachers The meeting was closed with prayer lutmAT MonMi.G, OcTOivEn 23-On Friday and Saturday the Financial District Meeting was held in addition to the ministers there were present the following laymen -Messrs James, Medway, Dowsett, M Keown, Henson Hunt John Graham, sen John Graham, jun , Fallick, German, and Buruli The usual devotional exercises were engaged in, prayer being offered by the Rev G Pickering At the financial meeting all the finances in connection with the Connections! Fund, church building, we, came under review In reference to the state of church property, it was resolved to recommend that the property schedules be sent in at an earlier date than at present, in order to give the district secretaries time to prepare their report for the annual district meetings The crop tion of a wooden church in Cleveland street, in the Bourke-street circuit, and of a brick church at Smithfield, in the Parramatta circuit, was reported There is a church in course of erection at Stanmore, in the Newtown circuit. the cost £1800 A large church at Paddington, in the Waverley circuit is about to be commenced at an estimated cost of £3600. Income and expenditure of the Church Sustentation and Extension Society, passed under review The following grants were recommended for 1875 -to various circuits, £425, to churches Stanmore, £300, William street, £200, Paddington £1900 Bombala, £25 total to churches 1925 The Children s Jj end and Worn-out Ministers Fund were inquired into In the matter of the Children's Fund the secretary of the district read a series of resolutions that had been compiled by the general treasurers, who reside melbourne These resolutions proposed very great changes in the working of the fund The district meeting could not recommend the Conference to adopt these alterations Remit of the Sydney Lai Mission During the) year the agent of the society has been labouring in the "York Street, Chippendale, and Bourke-street circuit, under the direction of the committee, which has met monthly 'This committee is composed of the ministers of the city circuits and unequal number of lay gentlemen, but, with two or three exceptions, the operations of the society have been confined to those connected with the circuits in which Mr Crisford has been employed i three months ago a sub-committee woBar pointed to review the work done, murder ascertain in better the results were such as to justify the continuance of the mission The report of the sub-committee showed that the Russian is greatly needed, and that the agent, under many dis udvimtBLjOs and also much prejudice, had done work; which must otherwise have been left undone, to the doors ment of our Church in this city Upwards of 2300 families have been visited of which a considerable number were once connected with the Wesleyan Church, but comparatively lost to us Many of these (eighty- four) have been persuaded to again attend our services, and um J persons have been led to join the Church through the in strumentality. of the boy rninBionory Two females have been rescued from a life of infamy and taken to the deluge, and several families in distress have been relieved Fifty four services have been held in the Soup Kitchen and other pines with some evidence of success The journal of Mr Cuisford also shows that special visits have been made to Betty sick persons, and that in two overthrow cases the dying have been led to feel their position as sinners, and iiIeo to trust in Christ alone for salvation It is impossible to tabulate all the work done in connection with a city mission, and the results also are frequently unrecorded, but the committee, at one of its recent meetings, and after hearing the report of the sub-committee referred to, expressed its satisfaction with the known merits, and its conviction of the desirability of not only continuing the mission, but of making it more oQloicut, if possible The expenditure has been considerably in advance of the income and at the present time about £50 is using to the treasurer. Ihecommitteoproposcdsomotimoago that the quarterly meetings of the circuits in which the agent labours be requested to allow an annual collection to be made, and an annual tea and public meeting to be held in behalf of the mission This had been agreed to, and the arrangement carried out in the Chippendale circuit When the York-street and Bourke-street circuits have made the promised collections and held the meetings, it is hoped that the amount required to carry on the mission will be forthcoming " A conversation took place, in which Messrs Moore, Woolnough, Waterhouse, and others took part. All the monitors of the meeting appeared to think very highly of the work being done by the City Mission Society. The Rev J. Oram moved, and the Rev. W Moore seconded, the following re- solution, that the report now read be received and adopted, and that this meeting views the mission as having great importance in relation to the extension of the work of God in this city, and earnestly commends it to the cordial sympathy and liberal support of the members of the Wesleyan Church " The resolution was unanimously carried' The President pronounced the benediction MonDay, OcxoiiLE 26 - ino usual devotional exercises were engaged in 'the Rev R Sellors offered prayer The minutes of the previous meeting were read and signed Mr G McIntosh and Mr Ebenezer Fox were examined as a candidate for the ministry Each of them gave an account of his conversion to God, and the reasons why he believed himself to be called by the Holy Ghost to preach the Gospel They were then subjected to a searching examination in the doctrines they would be expected to preach in case of their acceptance by the t Therese Both the candidates were recommended to the ensuing Conference Mr. M'Intosh's case is somewhat unusual, as he is married As our reason for only receiving Single men, as candidates for the ministry is entirely financial, the District Meeting recommended Mr M'lnM» vjioB hearing that he is in possession, of private success It should be remembered that these ,00803 are still ' war service, and.- will be finally adjudicated' upon at the 1 coming Conference Mr. M'Intosh preached on Thursday evening last, at Newtown, in the presence of the Revs. Davis, Martin, and Firth. Mr. Fox preached his trial sor men on the same evening, at Chippendale, in the presence ' of the Revs. Ornm, Moore, and Rodd. These trial sermons were reported upon in the district meeting before the votes were taken. After the decision of the meeting was arrived at the candidates were called in and addressed in on impressive and kind manner by the President, who concluded by calling upon the Rev. R. Sellors to pray. The meeting then dealt with the case of Mr. Portrey. His final trial sermon had been preached at Glebe Road, on Thursday last, before the Revs. Waterhouse, Pickering, and Phillips, who brought up their report. The meeting unanimously recommended the Rev. J. B. Portrey to be received into full connection at (the next Conference. The meeting closed with prayer. 