CHAPTER XLIII.-AN HISTORICAL ERROR. " Two gentlemen to see you, sir," said the ser vant, entering the study, at The Cedars. "Mr. De Coucy, and-" l\ Show them in, show them in,"cried Mr. Hulet, impatiently, putting aside his newspaper, "my dear De Coucy-" the words of welcome died on his lips, for close behind that well-tried friend hobbled John-Lord Dirleton. " To what am I in debted for the honour of this visit?" inquired Mr. Hulet, stiffly. He liad not forgotten the insult put upon him in that very room, and his palo cheek Hushed with anger at the sight of him. "To my friend and relative's sense of justice," answered Mr. De Coucy. " Yes, yes, that's right-and to my Jack," added his lordship, in what ho ilattered himself was a lower key. Mr. Hulet motioned them to chairs. "Thank you, yes, I'll sit down," said the old lord ; " glad to do it, sir. (Wouldn't have done it tho last time for £1,000, though; nota bit of it.) I am come here-and an infernally disagreeable thing it is to do-to acklowledgo myself in the wrong, Mr. Hulet. When I told you, two years ago, that you were looking to hook my Jack, because he was a good ¿sh, for your niece, I com muted a great impertinence both to that young lady and yourself. I can't say more-and never beforo said half so much to any man ; no, by gad." " You have said quite enough, Lord Dirleton," answered the other courteously. "If you had known my niece, such a statement indeed would have been unpardonable; but, being ignorant of her character-and I may add of mine, though that is of less consequence-and judging her by ordinary standards, the idea was natural enough." " I must tell her myself, though," was the unex pected reply; " (wouldn't miss seeing her on any account.) Upstairs, isn't she ?" " Sh« is in tho drawingroom, I believe," answered Mr. Hulet,- coldly, for his lordship's "thinkings aloud" woro hy no means less objectionable in his eyes, from tho fact that they were evidently in voluntary ; " she is, however," far from well to-day, and scarcely fit to receive company." " Lord Dirlcton'3 visit hero is as much on her account as on your own, my dear Hulet," urged Mr. De Coucy, gently. " Yes, by gad," assented his lordship, " and more, too. (Never should have como near tho house hut for her mid Jack. ) You have received very scurvy treatment, Mr. Hulet, at my nephew's hands, though, indeed, he was auite unaware of tho wrong he was committing. (All his wife's fault, confound her ; for my part I never liked the girl)." " Ile has made most ample apology and amends, Lord Dirleton, and nothing more needs to be said upon that matter ;" and Mr. Hulet glanced uneasily from his lordship towards Mr. De Coucy. " Oh, De Coucy, knows all about it," continued the old lord, interpreting his look aright; "Jack and I have no secrets from him. Knows about how the screw was put on you-a most infernal shawm-and what you really did that got you under herjthumb. Foolish of you, very ; all re sulting from obstinacy of disposition-disinclina tion to own yourself in the wrong-(throw one's wife into the sea rather than do it ; uuiph, strong measure.) Still, you suffered for it beyond all reason. What a life you must have led; worn mo to fiddle-strings, I'm sure. You should havo grasped your nettle. Throttled Judith; by gad, I would. As it is, tho sting is left in my poor nephew. Yes, sir, ho's a broken man. Listen to me, Mr. Hulet," continued the old lord, in pleading tones, " for I love tho lad, and can't afford to loso him. The idea of the fraud to which he was a party-although as innocent of it as De Coucy hero or myself- preys on his mind in cessantly ; tho idea of you and your niece having been ruined in order to fill his pockets is intoler able to him; no reparation, no amends, can lay that ghost. He looks like a ghost himself, sir. Think of that ; such a lino handsome fellow as he was, and all his spirits sunk to zero." "I am sorry to hear this, Lord Dirloton, for I have a genuine regard for your nephew. Still I do not see how his caso is to bo remedied." \ "Well, yes, there's oneway; that is what I am como about. (Dull old gentleman, very.) Jack loves this meco of yours still, sir, and yet is pro foundly conscious of having offended her-by mar rying tho other, you know-past pardon. Very fanciful ol' him you'll say, hut so it is. Now what I have como about is to gain her forgiveness-that will be a cordial to my Jack, I know." " I will guarantee that my niece will grant him that," answered Mr. Hulet; "she loves him, even now, far too AVCII to refuse it; but I cannon permit of your seeing her in person, Lord Dirleton, and conversing with her upon tho subject of your | nephew, lt would only (if I read her feelings aright) awaken memories that are most painful, or perhaps even hopes that can havo no possiblo fulfilment.". " Why no fulfilment inquired Mr. De Coucy, eagorly. " Por a reason that Lord Dirleton lias expressed, j I understand,.pretty forcibly," replied Mr. Hulet, i coldly. " He has passed his word, it seems, that his nephew shall never have ilia consent-and without it I am quitesure my niece will never be Mrs. Ileyton-to marry into a Regicide's family. Now one of my forefathers, I own," hero ho pointed to his respected ancestor, above tho chimney-piece, j "had the honour to cut King Charles tho First's ' head off. ' What I did I am nót ashamed of,' were Iiis gallant words, ' and if it were to do again I woui I do it.' And I am proud to say that I inherit his sentiments." " Hero you must permit me to say a few words," interposed Mr. Do ? Coucy, producing from his pocket some old papers and pamphlets, " because, you see, this being an antiquarian question, is in my line, and I have given a -.'food deal of attention . to it. You may perhaps have forgotten-for the circumstance occurred when you were in great trouble upon more than one account-that I called at Cliff Cottage on one occasion for the express purpose of seeing you upon this subject ; but, as it unfortunately happened, too late to accomplish the object I had in view; that was no less than to remove, if possible, the objection of my friend and relative to your niece's marriage, founded as it was upon the part played in the national drama by our friend in yonder pioture." "He is not my friend," murmured the old lord, sturdily ; " the murderous bloody villain." "Nay, nay," protested Mr. Do Coucy ; "that is certainly not the case, as I have, had tho pleasure to prove to you. The fact is, my dear Hulet, there has been an historical error here. Your esteemed ancestor may have had all the will in the world to cut King Charles's head off ; would have done it, I have no doubt, gratuitously-" " For a hundred pounds and preferment in tho army," interpolated Lord Dirleton. " Thtt is what his enemies said, my lord. It is quite possible, and for the sake of our host here, I am most ready to believe it, that his ancestor would have cut the King's head off as soon as looked at him, and free, gratis, for nothing-only as a matter of fact, he didn't clo it." " Didn't do it P" ejaculated Mr. Hulet, " that is ridiculous. Why, I have had him over my chimney piece for forty years, quarrelled with my brother in-law, separated from my only sister, and been at daggers drawn with all my neighbours, just because he did do it. Read that scroll, sir. that runs round it. " What I did I am not ashamed of, and if it were to do again, I would do it.' " " Those words were imputed to him, my dear sir, it is true, but he denied on his trial that he ever uttered them. He never had the opportunity of distinguishing himself in tho way that you imagine. The operation so graphically represented in that picture was performed by tho common hangman, who indeed confessed as much ; ' God forgive me," he said (it was after the other folks had got the upper hand, you know) ' I did it, and I got forty half-crowns for my pains. ' " " But this is monstrous, De Coucy ; my unhappy ancestor was tried for this very offence, and found guilty-you will find it in the'State trials." "Yes; but you will also find that he was par doned, after ail, on the ground of insufficient evi dence, not to mention that ho himself swore like a trooper (you know he was a trooper) that he had no more to do with the matter than the Archbishop of Canterbury." " Did my ancestor say that ? Did he really show the white feather?" inquired Mr. Hulet, greatly agitated. "Then I must havo been dreadfully mistaken in him all along." "That is certainly what he said of all the wit nesses to his identity. Now if you'll just give your attention to these pamphlets, I'll prove to you without a shadow of doubt, as I havo already proved to Lord-; by-the- bye, where is Lord Dirleton?" " Ho is herc," answered the old lord, coming into tho room, with Evy leaning on his arm, " and in very excellent company. ? Seeing yon both so im mersed in antiquarianism, and for my own part preferring youth and beauty, I thought I would join tho young lady in the drawing-room. 'My dear,'said I, 'I amcome from my poor Jack, who can't live without you. In point of fact lie is on the high road to the tomb.' So we all are, you know, only I hope there are a few milestones yet to be passed on the way, before he gets to his journey's end. Your niece, Mr. Hulet, has not tho cruelty to kill a young fellow, though she hus severely wounded an an old one ;" here his lordship pressed Iiis band upon his heart and bowed pro foundly. It was liko a scene in a fine old comedy. Dr. Burne in tho doorway was rubbing his hands, as a family physician might well do over the fruitful prospects of tho house of Ileyton. Mr. De Coucy, with his papers and pamphlets, might have stood for the family lawyer, had he not here stepped forward, and placed upon Evy's linger a ring which we have seen before, with the crest of her future husband engraven on it. " I told you once, Miss Evy, that 1 should give you this on your marriage day ; but since my cousin, the Cap tain, is so far away, I place it'hpre in proxy for him, a sign of your betrothal-and a very pretty engaged ring upon your pretty hand it looks." Covered with blushes and confusion, Evy looked up to thank him, then turned to her beloved uncle to receive from him the congratulations which his happy smile had already ensured to her, and which she valued more than all. Birt at that moment Mr. Angelo Hulet was otherwise engaged ; ho had climbed upon a chair, and was gravely occupied in turning the picture of his no longer revered ances tor with his face to tho wall. " J was right in principle, my dear," explained ho lo his astonished niece, as he folded her in his . arma ; " I'll go to thc stake on that;"but as to that fellow in the I/rock and Visard, there has been an Historical Error." 