TEE ST. HILDKIC DIAMONDS. BY EMMA GARRISON JONES. Some three or four mdes from the little fishing town known as Hortlepool, in the county of Durham, on the English coast, stands a time-worn old man- sion, which bears the name of St. Hildnc Court. At the time our little story opens, the once grand and famous old place WSB falling rapidly into rums, the handsome and extensive grounds were sadly neglected, end only the modern wing of the once really elegant building was at all inhabited, save by the bats and owls, and perchance the flitting ghosts of the dead and gone St Hildncs. The present incumbent and heir, Lord Ross Hildnc, was a young bachelor, very handsome, very gay,and very reckless m his habits. Most of his time was spent in London, but once or twice m a season, when the shooting was good, he esme down with a party of fnends as gay as himself to enliven the old court, and make Dame Gwinnetb, the antiquated housekeeper, bring out the massive St. Hildnc uiver and china. A little below St Hildnc Court, stretching itself lazily along the sunny coast, was another little fish- ing hamlet called Carrow-Head, so near to the great sea that the salt waves thundered against its \ery threshold when the tide was up But the people of Carrow-Head were used to the sea, and liked to have it near them, and to hear its hoarse voice One quiet afternoon in early epnng-time, when this same little hamlet seemed to look lazier and sleepier than ever before, an incident took place that thrilled it to its inmost heart, and brought the oldest fisherman on the Btrand to his feet Luke Hartly was arrested, and for stealing the St. Hiidne Diamonds! Was he guilty? Every men, woman, and child in Carrow-Head rushed out to ask the questions, and a dozen voices volunteered what they could tell Mr. So-and-so bad told Mr So-and so, that he saw Luke as the officers were taking him to gaol. But the old men and women shook their heads. They must have stronger proof than mere say so before they believed such a charge as that against a lad like Luke Hartly. But the proof soon came, m the person of the old rector, who oame down the coast lane toward them, with a Blow and solemn step. The babel of tongues ceased in an instant. The rector of St. Hilde was an oracle at Carrow Head Not only in the hamlet, but for miles and miles up the coast he was looked up to with loving reverence. All e}es were turned upon him now, as he appeared in the midst of the excited crowd. " Is it true, Mr. Renfrew ?" The question came in a low, intense whisper from a dozen Ups at once. The old man paused before he answered, steadying himself upon his cane, and shaking his gray head Blowly from side to side. " Yes, lads," at last, his voice feeble and piteous, " I sow them take him to prison with my own eye«.'» That was enough. The Carrow-Head people asked for no better assurance than their rectors simple word. But they hesitated about that other question, burning m their hearts, and trembling on then- Ups, not daring to put it into words. The rector had one child, a daughter, Berenice Renfrew, the fairest maiden m all Durham perhaps, and she was the affianced wife of Luke Hartly. People wondered at first, that a girl like Berenice, so young, and fair, and well-taught, should cara for a great, plain fellow like Luke, especially when she could have her pick of the very best of the Carrow Head lads, and rumor said, that the young Lord of St. Hildnc himself was m love with her. But Bere- nice seemed to think it all nght and proper, and walked to St. Hilde with Luke on Sundays, m pre- ference to any one else. In due time it was all settled- Berry and Luke were affianced ; and when he returned from his next voyage they were to be- come mon and wife. The rector had ne objection to make, so the village folks left off wondering, and called Berry a sensible girl, to choose a true, honest fellow in preference to a false young noble, or a flne-dressed fop. What would Berry do now ? What would the old rector do P Was Luke innocent or guilty ? No one dared to ask, but reading what they dreaded to speak in their eager eyes, the old man went on " Tis a bad case, lads, a bad case, it'll go hard with poor Luke, I'm thinking," his eyes filling with tears, as he thought of Berry, then flashing out suddenly as he added " Not that I believe him guilty, lads not that I'm settled on that point, though the evi- dence will go strong against bim, Luke Hartly'a no thief, and we must stick close to the poor lad if the worst comes to the worst." "Ay, ay, au-!" These simple Carrow-Head folks knew how to keep then* word, and when they made promises, they meant them, When the day of tnal came round, Luke Hartly did not (find himself fnendlessr-they stood up for bim to a man. But for all that, they could not save him. Lord St. Hildnc hod engaged skilful counsel, and the evidence was elear and in- disputable. It was after this wise : On Tuesday night, at twelve o'clock precisely, Lord Hildnc'p valet beard some one entering the library, a room on the east ground-floor of the court. He at once called up sonie two or tlirte of his fellow ser- vants and rushing towards the spot, reached it only in time to seo the burglar make ins escape through an opsn window His lordship waa aroused, and Ina private desk waa found to be opened, and rifled of a considerable amount of money and of an antique casket containing the St Hildnc Diamonds An officer was at once notified, and started in pur suit, and just down the sands they came upon Luke Hartly, looking wild and disheveled like a crazy man. Lord Hildnc caused him to be searched, and the stolen articles were found upon his person To all questions, whether put by friend or foe, he kept a most provoking silence He was not guilt), he went to St Hildnc Court that night, but he did not commit the robber) Farther than that he had nothing to say In vain bis friends urged upon him the insane folly of such a course Nothing moved him-not even the old rector's remonstrances, or his widowed mothers tears He did not steal the diamonds, but how he came b) them he was not at liberty to say ' He waa a fool," said the law) er who conducted his case, and who had known him from his boyhood up But Luke smiled quietly, and said nothing The day of trial brought a large crowd to the Hartlepool Court-house Crime was something new to the simple fisberfolks, and they flocked m from miles and miles to see tbe prisoner, and form their own opinions concerning him He stood up proudly enough in the prisoner's box that day, his arms folded across his brawny chest, and something in bis grey eye that gave the lie to any accusation that might be brought against him Lord Hildnc paled, and grew nervous at sight of him The valet's evidence was brief He heard some person entering the library, only one instant after the turret clock struck twelve, and reached the room only in time to see the thief escape He did not re- cognise, and could not identify him But there was another witness, m the person of the old lodge keeper, who testified to having seen Luke Hartly hanging about the court on the same night, and at about the same hour After him, Berenice, the old rectors daughter,was called to the stand White as winter snow, her pretty curls pushed back in disorder, her brown eyes strained upon the prisoner's face with a wild and piteous gaze, she stood there awaiting their cruel questions Was the prisoner at her father's house on the night of the robbery ? He was At what time P Nearly all the evening, he came early But at what hour did he leave could she remember P Ah, shs could indeed, but she would not tell They atood together on the porch of the oldTectory, watching the flash of the distant waves, and the yellow moonlight crowning the brown Durham bills Berenice was awaiting her father's coming, who was out with some poor dying sinner, and her lover kept lingering from hour to hour He was absent and gloomy, and often sighed heavily like one m deep distress Berry did her beat to comfort him, and begged to know the cause of his trouble , but he answered her almost savagely, that it was something she could not know A minute later, Lord Hildnc came galloping by on his way to tbe court, and the young sailor grew fairly livid at the sight of him " Curse him 1" he ejaculated, with blazing eyes and clenched flats ' I m afraid I shall murder bim yet " Then turning suddenly to the affrighted girl, " Berry," he said, " I want ) ou to promise me some thing-never to apeak to yon fair faced villain again Will you?" " Why, Luke," she expostulated, " how very ab- surd , I never do speak to Lord St Hildnc except about the parish affairs, and I m sure he's a mee, fair spoken gentleman " " Oh yes, too fair spoken by a great deal, but as black a villain at heart ne ever lived-and, Berry, I ve heard your name coupled with his more than once- they say he lovea you, but if you don t want to make me a murderer, you never must speak to him again He's a bad man " *' Then I never will, Luke," she said, submissively, " I'm willing to do anything m the world you wish me to do " " I know it, my darling," be cned, clasping and kissing her, " and 'tis because you are so pure, and I love you so, that 1 require thiB " Just then, standing side by side, they heard the turret dook at St Hildnc strike eleven, and away down the lane came the sober tramp of the rector's cob " There's papa at last," cried Berenice, " run away now, Luke, and let me go m, he'll scold to find us out so late " And Luke kissed her good-mgbt, and strode away thr îugh the spring moonlight, not m the direction of his mother's cottage and Carrow Head, but up the open highway that led to St Hildnc Court She remembered it all, but she would not answer, no word of hers should convict Luke The counsel repeated the question, but she turned from him with white sealed lips Luke watcbed ber keenly for an instant, and then rose to his feet "Let me answer for her," he said, his gray eyes gleaming, his plain face grand and touching, ' don't worry the poor child. I left the rectory at eleven o clock, and went straight to St Hildnc Court I wanted to see his lordship " he continued, turning his blazing glance on tbe quailing young nobleman " theresa a matter 'twixt him and me that s not been settled yet-but his lordship was m bed when I got there, and the place all dark, and I had to put it off, but I didn't steal his diamonds, and he knows it, and what's better, GodKnows" A great thrill swept through the crowd, as the honest fellow uttered these words, and turned bia clear eyea from one to another of the familiar faces around him, and not one soul perhaps dared question the truth of what he said Still the evidence, the circumstances, the influence of Lord St Hildnc, and the law convicted him, and he was sentenced to penal servitude for a term of five years The morning when Bennies went down to bid bira farewell, was a wild one, black with scudding clouds and ram, and mournful with the hoarse cry of the sea The prisoner was pacing up and down his cell, but he heard and recognized her light step, »and came forward to meet her with glowing e) es and extended arms For an instant both were silent, he reading tbe language of her tender, up- lifted face Then he said passionately " You do believe In my innocence. Berry ? ' " Yes, Luke, as truly as I believe in Heaven " " You do not doubt me in spite of all you have heard?" " No, I trust and believe m you, because-" She paused, blushing and drooping her shy brown eyes. "Because what, Berenice ?" " Because I love you so, Luke." " Heaven bless } ou, little Berry," he said brokenly, " you don't know how this comforts me. I believe I should smk under this, only for your trust. Five years won't last forever, I'm young and strong, I'll live this down, and assert my innocence, I'll come back to you one day, little Berry." " I'll wait for you, Luke." "Heaven bless you, I know your love will never fail me-but here they come- good-by " " Good-by, Luke !" He kissed her again, and followed the officers out into the ram, and the lost object his eyes rested upon, was the shadow of her white face, looking after him from the prison window. Five years made but little change at Carrow-Head The fishermen fished, and mended their nets, and lovejB strolled along the sea-sands in the summer moonlight, and little children hunted shells, just as they did in days of yore The old rector still lived at the rectory, and Berenice lived with him, and performed her household duties, and looked after the poor of the parish, and was as sweet, and winsome, and obliging, as if the shadow of no great sorrow bad ever fallen on her life. But her father was growing old and feeble, and one evening toward the beginning of winter, Ber- enice called in a phj sician Lord St. Hildnc hearing of his illness, came down to see him. His lordship had been very kind to the Renfrews in all these years, and he was getting to be a good, steady man He lived at the court now, and had abandoned all his old associates and reckless life, end many a long evening he spent at the rectory, talking and reading with the rector, and more than once, he had offered Berenice a place in his handsome home and in bis heart. Of all the grand and gay ladies who smiled upon this handsome young lord, none chai mad him, save fair, brown-eyed little Berry, and despite her lowly origin, he was bent on making her his wife, but she steadily refused all his offers and importu- nities. Sitting by the fire that chill November afternoon, while the old rector slept, the lord of St. Hildnc renewed his proposal. " Why will you persist in refusing me, Berenice ?" he said, "and living this lonely and desolate life, when you might be the Lady of St Hildnc's Court P You know how much I love you, Berenice, will you come?" She shook her head. " Why not, Berenice ?" " Because," she replied, glancing out at the gather- ing sterm, " I must wait for him." "But he will never come, Berenice !" " Then I shall wait forever '" There was something BO sublime in ber sad, sweet faee, and m her quiet answer, that Lord St. Hildnc could find no words to press his Buit, and a silence fell between them, which was broken by the entrance of old Janet. " An' if you'll please step down to the kitchen, Miss Berenice," she said, dropping her courteBy to the young lord, " there's a poor creature there that seems half wild, and a dyin besides, and she says she must see you." Berenice arose with a strange thnll at her heart a prescience of some coming good or evil. She fol- lowed Janet down, and found a white-faced, hollow eyed woman shivering before the kitchen fire. " Don't you know me?" she began, extending her tbm hand as Berenice advanced, " look at my face, I and eee. No, you have forgotten me- my own mother wouldn't know me now. I am Bessie Hartly, Luke Hartly's half sister-ah, you remember me now I I was a young girl once, fair and happy like yourself. I am a ruined, heart-broken wanderer now. And 'tis all hiB work, the lord of St Hildnc's Court and I shall eurie him with my last breath. " But I must see him," she continued, falling back in ber chair, and gasping painfully for breath, " send for him quick-for Lord St. Hildnc and for a magis- trate I have a confession to make before I die, and l I cant hold eut much longer. Go, quick, do you I hearP" Berenice whispered a few words to the old house- keeper, who went out, and returned in ten minuteB, accompanied by his lordship and a magistrate. The woman rose to a sitting posture at their entrance. " Lord of St Hildnc," she cned, her hollow eyes burning upon him, " come nearer-look at me-look at your own woTk." The young nobleman recoiled, white and shivering, as if a ghost had confronted him. She broke into a wild laugh. " Oh, you tremble and turn white !" she shrieked, "and well you may-I'm hereto tell it all-to let the world know what a cowardly villain you are Bere- nice Renfrew," turning to the rector's daughter, " Luke Hartly did not steal the St. Hildnc diamonds -he waa innocent. I stole them mjself, at the in- stigation of that -wretch yonder " " Bessie, Bessie," interposed his lordship, coming nearer, " you are excited." " I am dying,'' she cried, waving bim off, " and the world shall know the truth ; your power over me has ended, Rose St. Hildric. You made love to me, and wrought my ruin, with your false, fair ways, and then, when my good name was at stake-when X would have died a thousand deaths to win your favor, you tempted me with false promises. '?Yet, sir," she went on, turning to the magistrate, "he, the Lord of St. Hildno Court-fee bow the era ven villain cowers and trembles, promised to make me his lawful wife, and to give my unborn babe an honorable naine, if I would do his bidding. Luke Hartly, my half-brother, was his bitter enemy, he said, and would stand between us and our happiness. He must be got out of the way. " He laid a fiendish plot, and made me his instru- ment, promising that no harm should come to Luke. I was angry with my half-brotber, because he had sought to save me from my destroyer, and I silenced my conscience, and followed his bidding It was I who entered the library that night, and took the money and the St. Hildnc Diamonds from the cabi- net. I knew that Luke was coming to the court that night, and as I fled with my stolen treasures sure enough I met him He was coming up to see, and force St Hildnc to do me justice, he said. But the officers were right at my heels, and I thrust the stolen articles into Luke's hands, and implored him to help me. " The officers took him before he had time to con- ceal them, and while I was not a dozen yards distant, but the true, good fellow would not betray me, and I working bis destruction. " Ah, how the thought of it tortures me now-he was such a good brother, and took the crime on himself to save me. I think I should have come forward and confessed all, but my child was bora a few days after, and for months I was on the brink of the grave. When I recovered, it was all over, and poor Luke was gone. And then for my child's sake, and because of )on villain's promises, I held back. " But my child is dead now, and my eyes are open. I have learned what Lord St. Hiidnc's true object was. He loved yon, Berenice Renfrew, and made me his instrument to disgrace and banish your lover." Berenice uttered a startled cry, and his lordship tottered toward the door, with a face like death. " Curse you, curse you, forever and ever !" shneked the dying woman, " you have ruined and deceived me, and may my curse rest on you forever more." An hour later the hapless woman was dead, and leaving her father in the care of some neighbours who bad dropped m, moved by an impulse that was irresistible, Berenice went down to tbe sea. The rain had subsided, but the winds were high, and the waves lashed the errand with sullen fury. The night would be black and perilous. Sitting down upon a rock, she looked out with solemn eyes upon the stormy waters. Where was he * His name was cleared, but would he ever come back to her again P A fierce, cruel hunger consumed her heart She stretched out her arms toward tbe stormy sea, and cned piteously . " Luke, Luke, when will you come back to me." The 800bmg waves drowned the feeble cry, but at the same instant a tiny speck, far out amid the foaming waters, caught her eye. Slowly it came on, now sinking out of sight in the trough of the sea, and again rising to view on the crest of a bil- low. At last she could discern its form. A life-boat containing two men, who pulled for the shore. Ihe night came down heavily, and with it the so- litary boat struck the strand. One of the men leaped out, with a boat-lamp m his hand. His face was worn and bronzed, but the clear, grey eyes were unchanged Berenice put out her arms with a cry of joy. " Ob, Luke, have you come P" He clasped her to his breast. " Yes, Berenice, I was going another way, out into the world to win a name, but our vessel struck the bar, and the storm sent me home " " Heaven sent you, Luke," she said solemnly, " your sister is dead at the rectory, and the Carrow Head people know that you are innocent." His eyes flashed proudly for an instant, and then filled with tender teais " Aud y ou have trusted me, and waited for me all these years, Berry ?" "Yes, Luke, and we will never part any more now, will we ?" ' Never any more, my darling, until death shall part us." 