DU KE OF -EDINBURUGH'S 'M·ARRIAGE. [CABLE DESPATCH.]. ST. PETEitSBURGH, January 23. The marriage coremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the" Princess Maria commenced at noon? to-day; in the presence of a: vast assem blago of guests, in. the , Winter Palace and the vaiious galleries. The ladies wore sumptuously attired; The prevailing costumes,particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet aild diamonds. The men, were in uni form, with the exceptioni 'of the American Diplomatists. After6 as sembling, a procession; was formed.. with the Grand Eqcuerries, Chamber lains, and other otlicers Qf the Court leading, then came the EEmpieror an'd Empress Imperial, Prince and. Pridrin cess of Wales, the Princess Imperial of Germany and; Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride and the.bridegroom who b'ore the Russian naval uniform, -The bride was splendidly, appareled in a long crimson velvet- mantle,.. trimmed with ermine, and she wore adiamond coronet. Hell.i train 'was: borne by four pages. Then followed: an' im-' inense procession of 'the %Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, ,and court oflicials. The Imperial ,Rus sian Princes wore the. uniform of of Cuirassiers, tlie Prinice of Wales. the Scarlet "British uniform, the Prussian Prince' Imperial that of. a Prussian Colonel. ,All weroddecora \- ted with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dairk crimson. velvet, with diamond crionet- and' collar, .and? pearl necklace. ThelImperial Ger man Princess was dressed: in the same style. I The. Russian: Princes ses' dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur'acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wed ding favours. The procession upon reaching the' Russian Church, was : received by. the metropolitan Heiad: of,; the Rus sian Church, of the" Holy, Synod, bearing crosses and S:icred ,yessels with holy water ; the Emplror con-. ducted the bride and the bridegroom to. the middle of the Church, assurme his station, with the Empress imtne.' diately behind.: Around the bride grooin stood piice' Arthur and the gland Dukes. The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, wore depos-. ited on the altar. temnporarily, until' placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. 'The :magnificent: chapel was illuminated' with innu merable wa'x candles; the floor was covered :with, velvet, crimson "and gold carpet-; the pillars and the nl ti,' were c?overed with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony were unique in. the absence of music. Chants and intoned: prayers were given dudiing: the service. ' Tho: crowns, were held suspended over thle eads of the bricdal pair,-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the )uko ' of Edinburgh, and 'Prince Sorgils that over the bride.' The, Inperial" Confessor Athen. said.: T' Thou servant of God Allfred Ernest E'dward, art -crowned for this handmaiden :of God,l. Maria Aloxaindra, in tlie ndmo of the Father the Son,, and. the Holy, Ghost." Prince Arthur becoming tired of, holding the heavy crown;,. was re lioved. '?Then the epistle to tho Ephesiansft' 20th and":23rd ,verses wore rad.. After the reading t was concluded the nilarriage at : Cana of Gallilee was'rend. The crowns wore removed, 'and the 'nieirried couple walked thri e.?aoundn: the raised dais, holding to; the tip-:of the con fossor's.robe with one hand and a; candle iii the other. At the icon clusion of this ceremony the salcra mental cup, was brought forward, blessed' and: partaken of by the bridal pair, confessor :presented the cross, which both kissed.' After waird the choir sang,' Glory to Tlhee, O Lord '" concluding with a beno diction. . This ended the .Grieek services. The procession their sloVwly formed, proceeding. tothle lidllof Alexander for the Anglican service.' :t Deean: Stanloy, df Westminster..Abbey3 'of-: ficiated.: 7Plie walls woere decorated with battle 1.iic~dres,; DeailStinlej, who during the solemnizationof the Greek Church sorvice,,wore' n`aPro-' testant Episcopil Doctior bf' Di?vin ity hat and' goeiw, ii?ld- who no.v' appeared on th'e altar .wearing an episcopical surplice wirith a jewelled collar of the' Order of Bath 'ardiind his'1neck?, was assistedl by 'two? '1resi dentiEnglish clergymen. Both the American 'and English colony were gatheredi on the left of' the altar. Conspicuous amdng them wasii Gov ornor Jewet, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the Euglish Minister, and TDiplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present. Especially notable was the venerabler Pince Gortshak-' off, surrounded by leading members of the'nRussian nobility. The epls eopal chants were given by Russian Chorister lads, in long crimson dres ses. When the marrige procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Aithur walked behind. Tihe beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Prin cess. responding according, to ithe .form enjoined in:th?.book of Com mon Prayer. The delivery of the finalr benediction, : God the Father,? God the' Sodin,.and'"Ood' the Holy Gh6ost bless;' °piosherbv,. ido keep you," was speciall touiiching. The services beifig'concladed Dean Stan ley, co'giatiulaited'then; w li' married couple. Seveoial .Roman Catholic dilaitgries~ yoýge ple~nt.' " Thl bride looked earnest, sweet, fiirfaced ; the hridegroom grave and selfpossessed. The Princess- ,of iWales ..was lovely, pale, and .. delicate. The Geiina Crown.. Princess looked' heiilthy;, thelAiiage of her mother,. QieeI nV ictoiia: :The Prince ofWidles, w\\*S iplfiut?iit)y on excel-, Iednt t?rins'"iivi·'ti~ifOe'rinan Priince, and both looked"iill:: 'During the ceremony iri thbE'Eglish chapel, the Enmpress oflt R siii being a confined invalid and fittigiied,7seemed over co0nefand made a motion of hold ding, handkerchief to her eyes when the mnarried couple. 'saluted her. The ceremony being concluded: the crowd dispdisord.!. There was only a limited display of popular ehthus iasiri An l 'A lumiiatiiinof the publie sqluares tood 'plece, and' the general scene was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an. extraordin. arydcoinbinatiori bf oceiri6n, wealth pormp and pleido6uir. After the marriage rites thero was, a 'banquet at t he palace,, and,a subsequently: a ball' at the gorgeous: hall. 'At the close:of the bhll the: bridal couple were formally .;arched to the bridal chathber, accompaniedby: the' Em peror and officers ot the Court? The festivities?were conrtinuied after the retiremerit 'of the hiippy 'cuple, the Emperor being present. 