ELECTIONEERING INTELLIGENCE. On Saturday last, at Waroo, Mr. Remmington returned thanks to those electors of Yass Plains who had accorded him their support at the recent election. As tho company wero ovidontly fur more intont oil tho racos than on listening to political or electioneering platitudes, Mr. Remmington wisely refrained from doing more than stating that Mr. Fitzpatrick's return would be petitioned against on the grounds that Air, Shipway's nomination had been rofusod, and wishing to all prosont — thoso who hnd opposed him as woll as thoso who had suDportod him— tho complimonts of tho soason. A brio! altercation botween Air. II. Quint) nnd Air. Shipway was tho only thing that marred tho harmony of tho proceedings, which altogether did not Inst more than ton minutes. Tho Evening Post says that Air. M, Fitzpatrick will bo nominated fur Armidnlo. Tbo Border Post says : — Judging from tho ad- j vortisomonts in tho local paper, tho Yass elec tion wns coudtictod on a dospicahlo principle. I Lnsb Wednesduy Air. Jamos Wutson addressed tho oloctors of tbo Lacblun nt Burvowu, and was woll recoivod. In tho course of his remarks ho emphatically denied that ho was an Orungomuu. Ho denounced the Lcaguo, and bluraod the Go vernment for thoir action with reference to tho . Governor's minute. On tho motion of. Air. F. ' \V. Humo, the usual voto of confidence was almost unanimously carried. On Thursday, Air, Watson addrossod tho oloctors at Young. Air. G. AI. Stephon is up far Now England. Wo do not imagine he has tho ghost of a chance. Tho oloction for tho Humo is virtually over, and (as wo learn from tho Banner j Air. G. Day may bo considered As returnod. A poll was do- mandod for Air. T. Robertson, who, howovor, had never authorised his nomination. Air. Alate has resiguod in favour of Air. W. Forster for tbo Alurrumbidgee. Tho contost will be between tho latter gontloinau and Air. Loary. Tho Cumberland Times says : — Central Cum berland bids fair to bo tbo veritable Armageddon of tbo oloction. We havo already announced as candidatos Air. Lackey and Air. James Byrnes, Air. Joannorot and Air. AlcCullocb, Mr. N. W. Ravon, Air. J. G. O'Connor, Air. Aluurico Rey nolds, and wo hnvo this wook to add to the list Mr. Grahamo and Mr. Josoph Wourno. Thoro is also a rumour that Air. B. O. Llolterman and Mr. Forstor aro not unlikely to ontor tho lists and contoud for the prize. 