PRINCE BISMARCK'S EARLY LIFE. THE year that saw the final overthrow of the first Napoleon was the birthyear of the man who was destined to overturn the throne of the second, and erect the German Empire on the ruins of the French. He saw the light two months and a half before the battle of Waterloo. He was born while Europe was still one vast camp, and the nations looked appre- hensively on the wonders of military genius that sign- alised the closing months of the great conqueror's career. There was a dramatic propriety in the fact that it was so. Prince Bismarck has been a man of war from his youth. In serving his king and country, he has had to fight the enemies of both at every step of his career. On his outset in public life he had to face the Revolution, and seek to frustrate its hostile attempts against the king- dom of Prussia. War with Denmark in the interest of Germany—the least attractive incident in the story of his life—was followed in a short time by war with Austria for the sake of Prussia ; and at the crisis of the struggle Bismarck had to fight hard against opponents within, as well as open foes without the kingdom. Then came the great war with France, which has changed the face of Europe, and made the beginning of a new political epoch on the Continent. Fierce as was the struggle, and momentous the interests involved, that has been but the prelude to another conflict that may prove yet more important to the world. For the Franco-German war has brought in its train the war of the German Empire with the Church of Rome. Already the results are of world-wide moment. Switzerland and Italy—and even unhappy Spain, in its anarchic fashion—have followed suit in the old world, while a strictly Catholic power like Brazil is doing the same in the new. Rome has challenged modern civilisation to deadly conflict. Germauy was the first to take up the glove flung down by the Roman authorities, and the struggle is rapidly widen- ing, and bids fair to become co-extensive with the globe. This, we may be sure, was not in the thoughts of Bismarck when he made his appearance, in the spring of 1847, in the first United Diet. The divinity which shapes our ends has made him the in- strument in a far grander struggle than he dreamed of. Gradually he has seen the circle in which his influence operates, and the effects of his policy show themselves, widening outwards. From the struggle to save the historical form of the national life of Prussia as a Royal State, onwards to the fight against the power of Imperial Austria over Germany, with which was bound up the nature of the German Empire —whether it was to be Protestant or Catholic, Abso- lutist or Constitutional ; from that forward to the battle for ascendency over Europe, which resulted in the constitution of the Empire and the transfer of the political centre of gravity from Paris to Berlin ; and, last of all, on to the yet more enduring conflict now being waged between spiritual despotism and modern liberty, we have seen a series of struggles extending over a quarter of a century, the leader in which has been Prince Bismarck. In this light the German Chancellor may be fairly claimed as what his countrymen call a world-historical man. Though Germany has a predominant, she has no exclusive interest in him. He belongs to the nine- teenth century and to Europe. His life is of general interest, and in its main outlines the story of the earlier portion of it may best be briefly told by allow- ing the words of the Chancellor, with a few incidents of his career interwoven, to tell their own tale. Bismarck's introduction to public life was scarcely more favourable than that of the present leader of the English Conservative party in the House of Commons. English journalists have often dwelt on the proud prophetic words in which, at the moment of seeming discomfiture, Mr. Disraeli fore- shadowed his future triumph. Bismarck's first words at the sitting of the Three Estates, in May, 1847, were certainly not less significant, though of a less personal character. The Diet was in the midst of a vague but passionate discussion on the form of the Constitution, and the right especially of the people to a larger share in the government of the country. One of the deputies, carried away by his enthusiasm, alleged that in 1813 the great object of the people, in rising to throw off the foreign yoke, had been that they might obtain a popular constitution. Were those who had saved the Fatherland with the Throne not entitled to govern themselves ? At this point a deputy wearing the King's colours, in the flush of early manhood, suddenly appeared in the tribune. Of masculine stature, with hair and beard cut short, large bright piercing eyes, and with the aspect of vigorous health on his ruddy countenance, the speaker in shrill and somewhat hesitating accents ven- tured to ask his hearers to return from the region of romance to reality. He felt compelled to contradict the assertion made frequently there and elsewhere, with the view of showing the necessity for a constitu- tion, that the movement of the people in 1813 was due to any other causes and motives than to the feeling of shame that the stranger should rule in the land. The interruption was resented by the Reformers of the Chamber as an insult. What could Bismarck (for it was he) know of that by-past period since he had borne no share in the rising of 1813. Clamours, hisses, and outcries forced him to silence, but, undismayed by the tumult, he drew a paper from his pocket, and occupied himself in reading it till order was restored. " I cannot of course dis- pute," Bismarck then replied, "that I was not alive at that time, and it has always been to me a source of regret that I was not privileged to take part in that rising. My regret, however, is diminished by the explanation I have received regarding that movement. I always believed that the servitude against which the people then rebelled was a foreign servitude, but I am now informed that it lay at home. I am not by any means thankful for the correction." From that moment Bismarck was the object of suspicion and attack to the Liberals and Reformers of the period. He stood aloof from, and was marked as hostile to, the movement which sought national life and strength from constitutional forms. He had no sympathy with the passing popular enthusiasm, for he saw that forms were useless unless they illustrated, facts,— that there must be a national life in existence before it could make itself a power through any poli- tical machinery. At the time he thus gave a faint indication of the work he was so largely to accomplish, in regenerating and transforming Germany, he was thirty-two years of age, having been born at Schon- hausen on the 1st of April, 1815. The birthplace of the future Minister-President and Chancellor was the family seat of the Bismarcks, who had lived there for a period of about three centuries. A plain, four-square, massive-looking house, simple inside and out, and overshadowed by linden-trees and chestnuts, occupies the spot where, in 1642, the old castle was burnt down in the troublous times of the Thirty- Years' war. Like many another country-house, Schonhausen bore the character of being haunted, and weird tales used to be told of cold breaths causing icy horrors in the middle of the night, sounds of opening and shutting doors, footfalls in the passages, and even apparitions of white forms which beckoned to those that saw to follow them. The forefathers of Bismarck were not of the high aristocracy of Germany, and there are still disputes carried on with much display of erudi- tion, as to whether the family was not of plebeian origin. The inquiry is not tempting. Bismarck's biographer, Hesekiel, fights hard for the patrician descent of his hero, so as to give him a place from ancestral claims among at least the genuine Junker class. There is no doubt that early in the fourteenth century the town of Stendal numbered among its most important and influential burgesses one Rule, Rulo, or Rudolph von Bismarck, who was held in much esteem by his fellow-townsmen. As a member of the Guild of Tailors, his connections seem more of civic than aristocratic character, and the records of Stendal prove him a man of energy and public spirit. He carried on long controversies with the clergy in attempting to advance the educational interests of the town. The privilege of supervising the public schools was claimed by the authorities of the Nicholas Cathedral as their peculiar prerogative. The Council of Stendal, aided by Bismarck, disputed their authority, in consequence of which rule Bismarck was placed under the ban of the Church, and it seems probable lived and died excommunicated. He left four sons, the eldest of whom, Claus von Bismarck, was an influential member of the Council, and displayed much wisdom and prudence in bringing to an end the quarrels with the Church. He was better known as the leader of the patrician party of Stendal against the encroachments of the democratic guilds. But he did not fare well in the fight, which ended in his banish- ment from the town by the triumphant democrats. Afterwards, Claus von Bismarck devoted his energies to the service of the Bavarian Margrave, Ludwig, from whom in 1345 he received in fief for himself and descendants the castle of Burgstall, a strong place which guarded the southern frontier of the Alt Mark towards Magdeburg. Therewith the Bismarck family entered the ranks of the nobility of the Alt Mark as the owners of a castle. Afterwards Burgstall was exchanged for Schon- hausen, which was granted to the family by the Kurfurst George. It is not necessary to draw further upon the old archives. The Bismarcks thus ennobled, produced in the centuries that followed not a few who won distinction for themselves in various military and political offices. If the "blue blood" of the family be not of the purest, it is pure enough to satisfy all reasonable demands. The father of the present Prince Bismark, Charles William Ferdinand von Bismarck, born 13th Novem- ber, 1771, married, on the 7th of July, 1806, the youngest daughter, then 19 years of age, of Privy Councillor Anastasius Ludwig Menken, who had dis- tinguished himself in the service of Prussia. From this union came six children, of whom three died early. The fourth was Otto Eduard Leopold, now Prince and Chancellor. His brother, Bern- hard, is five years his senior ; and his sister Malvina, about twelve years his junior. The early childhood of Otto was spent at Kniephof, an estate in Pomerania, to which the family went on removing from Schonhausen, in 1816, and which had become theirs through the death of a cousin. From the same source were derived two other estates, Jarchlin and Kurz. In 1838, the father, Captain von Bismarck, gave over these estates to his two sons, by whom they were farmed jointly. After- wards the property was divided, and Otto received Kniephof and Jarchlin as his share. On the death, how- ever, of the father, in 1845, Jarchlin passed to the elder brother, and the Prince obtained Schonhausen. He kept Kniephof till 1868, when he purchased his favourite Varzin, where he now spends so much of his leisure time, and recruits his exhausted energies, after the storms and trials of political and official life at Berlin. Bismarck's mother, who early set her heart on Otto becoming a diplomatist, was a woman of con- siderable gifts and accomplishments. Endowed with personal beauty as well, she exercised no small in- fluence in the society in which she mingled, both in the country and in Berlin. Of a lively disposition, she was fond of company, and took a deep interest in politics, in which, following her father, her leanings were Liberal. It used to be said that " the mother was the brain, and the father the heart " of the family. The latter was an amiable, somewhat stately gentleman, passionately fond of country life and its occupations, and devoted to hunting, of the manner of which we have a humorous presentation in a letter from the Chancellor to his sister, written in 1844 :—"I have been living here," he writes, " with my father, reading, smoking, walk- ing, helping him to eat lampreys, and occasionally playing a comedy with him which he is pleased to call fox-hunting. We go out in the pouring rain, or when there are six degrees of frost, with Ihle, Bellin, and Carl ; surround with the most sportsmanlike pru- dence, silently, and with careful observance of the wind, a pine thicket, though all of us, not even except- ing father, are firmly convinced there is no living creature there, unless it be some old woman gathering wood. Ihle, Carl, and two dogs then rush through the thicket, uttering the strangest and most discor- dant sounds ; father stands motionless and attentive with weapon prepared, as if he really expected an animal, till Ihle shouts out straight before him, ' Ha ! la, la, he, he,' in the queerest manner. Then father asks me in the simplest way if I have seen nothing ; and I, with the slightest possible accent of surprise, reply » No, nothing at all.' Then, in spite of the weather, we go on to another thicket, whose supposed pro- ductiveness in wild animals Ihle is wont to boast of with confidence. So it goes on for three or four hours, without the passion seeming to grew cold for a moment in father, Ihle and Fingal. Besides, we inspect daily the orangery twice over, and once the sheep-pens ; consult the four thermometers in the parlour every hour, mark the weather-glass, and, since the weather has been fine, have brought the clocks so exactly with the sun, that only the clock in the library is one stroke behind the rest. . . . The Elbe is frozen. The wind is S. S. E. . . . I give these particulars to show how you might write more details of your life in your letters, as they greatly amuse father—who has been to see you and Curts, whom you visit, what you had for dinner, how the horses do and the servants quarrel, whether the doors rattle and the windows are tight—in short, events, facts." When six years old, the little Otto was sent to Berlin to school where his brother Bernhard was. He did not love the place, suffered severely from home sickness, and when out walking could not see a plough going without crying. From the boarding- school he passed to the Frederick Wil- liam Gymnasium, and while the two boys were at home in the house in Berlin which their parents had engaged, their education was carried on by tutors. Dr. Bonnell, one of the masters of the Gymnasium, wrote about Otto when twelve years old in the following terms :—"Bismark attracted my attention from the first day of his entrance, on which occasion the new arrivals sit in the schoolroom on benches ranged one behind the other, so that the teachers had the opportunity of observing the new pupils during the ceremony of introduction. Otto von Bismark sat among his companions with evident attention, a bright friendly boy's face and clear sparkling eyes, so that I thought to myself ' That is a promising little fellow, I will keep an eye on him.' In Easter, 1831, he came to my house as a boarder, and conducted himself in my simple household in an amiable and modest fashion. He was very affectionate. In the evenings he rarely went out, and when I was not at home he entertained himself chatting innocently with my wife, and showed a strong liking for quiet domestic life." An excellent memory and quickness of apprehen- sion made the acquisition of languages easy, and at this time he was fond of studying the history of the Fatherland. From Berlin the youth passed in 1832 when about seventeen years old, to the University at Göttingen. He had longed for the freedom of student life and resolved to enjoy it. The bolder and less amiable side of his character showed itself prominently at the University, where he took his fill of the wild liberty then characteristic of the German student. During his first three terms he is said to have fought more than twenty duels. In such a life there was not much room for study, and he was seldom seen at lectures though he managed to get good testimonials from his teachers. In the autumn of 1833, he returned to Berlin ostensibly to prepare for his legal examination, though the time spent in work was slight. However he duly passed his examination and became Auscustator (Examiner) in the spring of 1835, living meanwhile in apartments with his brother, Bernhard, who after a few years' service in the Guards became a Referendarius. Otto followed his example the next year ; but the pleasures of society had more attraction for him. than legal pursuits. He visited France and Belgium with some French and English friends, and found great delight in social enjoyments on the banks of the Rhine. The retrospect of this period was not satisfactory to him in after years, as we see from a letter he wrote to his wife from Frankfort in July, 1851. In it he says, "The day before yesterday I went to Wiesba- den, and with mingled sadness and worldly wisdom contemplated the scenes of early folly. Would that it might please God to fill with his clear and strong wine that vessel in which formerly the champagne of twenty-one years' old youth foamed idly, leaving only loathing behind. How many are under the sod with whom then I flirted, drank, and diced ! How have my view of things changed during the fourteen years that have seen so many altera- tions ! How much is little to me which then seemed great, and how much honourable which I then despised ! How much foliage may yet grow green in our inner man, spread out, rustle, and fade away valueless during the next fourteen years, till 1865, if we live to see it ! I do not understand how a man who thinks about himself and yet knows and wishes to know nothing of God, can support his existence out of very weariness and disgust. I do not know how I bore it formerly ; if I were now to live with- out God, without thee, without children, as then—I would not know in very truth why I should not put away life like a soiled robe ; and yet most of my acquaintances are in that state and live on." He felt differently in those young days, though in writing in mature manhood in this manner Bismarck is under the influence of no misanthropic mood. "I am healthy and cheerful," he adds, " though the longing for home and children and the scenes of the country tinges," he confesses, his feelings with melancholy. We must pass rapidly over the next few years of his life. We find him serving his country in the department of Justice and then in that of Ad- ministration, and at Aachen in connection with the Crown Court there. From thence he re- moved to Potsdam in 1837, the following year he became a member of the Jager Guard. Meantime the paternal estates in Pomerania required supervision to save them from ruin, and Captain Bismarck con- sequently divided them in 1839. In that year, then, Otto and his brother took up the burden of their cultivation, which they continued to share during two years till the marriage of the elder brother, when the division took place which gave Kniephof and Jarchlin to the Chancellor. The personal life of Bismarck during this year continued to be of that lively character over which he lamented so bitterly afterwards. This was the Sturm und Drang Zeit of his existence. Stories of his dissoluteness and pride, his daring feats as a rider and his achievements as a boon companion, his dis- regard of conventional rules, and his love of wild ad- ventures, are numerous. The youthful owner of Kniephof was to be often seen careering wildly across the country, alone or in the company of gay friends, who were his guests ; and such was the impression he produced on the quiet country population, that he came to be generally known among them as " Mad Bismarck." The death of his mother in 1839 left him still more his own master. But though the Byronic mood was strong upon him, he did not abandon himself to the mere delights of sense. Even at this period he studied much, reading deeply in Spinoza and in works in philosophy and theology, though history continued his favourite pursuit. As a relief from the dark thoughts that haunted him, he took to travelling, visited France and England, and for time resumed his post as Referendarius at Pots- dam under the Crown. We have no record of the influence which his studies had on his thoughts and views of life ; but, although regarded with apprehension as the " mad Bismarck," he was still held in great esteem by his neighbours, who desired him to take the appointment of Landrath, which he declined. His residence in Pome- rania, after his return from Potsdam, was varied by frequent journeys to Berlin and Schonhausen, as well as by longer visits paid to France and Italy. After the death of his father, in 1845, six years subsequent to that of his mother, Bismarck settled at Schon- hausen, surrendering Jarchlin to his brother. He resided henceforth at Schonhausen, and was success- ively Dyke Captain and Knight's Deputy in the Saxon Provincial Diet. It was in this latter capacity that he attended the first United Diet in 1847, when he made his appearance as an opponent of the democratic reformers of that period in the manner already noticed. This year also saw him married, and thereby he attained the satisfaction and tranquillity which had hitherto been so conspicuous by their absence. His young bride was Johanna von Putkammer, the only daughter of a quiet good Chris- tian family, who resided at Reinfeld, in Pomerania. Johanna's father was alarmed at first at "Mad Bis- marck " being a suitor for his daughter's hand. " It was as if I had been felled with an axe," he is said to have exclaimed when the suit was urged. But he consented at last, and he had no reason to regret the permission he then gave. To Bismarck, his mar- riage was a turning-point in his history. He was deeply susceptible to external influences. He learned from life and life's experiences, and his union with the daughter of a pious house, the contentment and happiness of family life, and his own greater practical activity revolutionised his being. We have seen the deep regret with which he looked back in after years on the revelries of youth. He felt that his nature had been allowed to run to seed. He had no centre, no lodestars, no prime object in life. These were now supplied to him. Domestic life, the satisfac- tion of home, the ties of wife and children, the sense of duty these aroused, and the feeling of responsibility they deepened led him to alter altogether his views of life. Through the earthly ties, there is reason to believe he was led to realise the heavenly ones. The family on earth quickened the too-long-dormant feeling, that he was a member of another family, even a spiritual, and that his Father was in heaven. How he came to realise these feelings we cannot trace, but we know that he did realise them. Writing long afterwards, in August 1861, to his brother-in-law, on occasion of the death of his child, Bismarck says, " Such a blow is beyond reach of human consolation, and yet we have a natural long- ing to be near those we love in their hour of bereave- ment, and to mourn in common along with them. That is all we can do. A heavier sorrow could not have overtaken you ; to lose so amiable and promising a child in this way, and to bury in his grave all the hopes that were to be the joy of your old age ; so long as you are in this world you will never cease to sorrow over it, and I feel that to be so with deep and painful sympathy. We lie perplexed and helpless in God's mighty hand if He himself will not come to our aid, and we can do nothing but bow in humble submission to His decrees. He can take away from us all He gave, leave us altogether lonely, and our sorrow would be all the more bitter, the more we permitted ourselves to rebel against His disposal of us. Do not mingle bitterness and repining with your just regrets. . . . How do all the little cares and annoyances of our daily life vanish away in presence of real sorrow ! I feel how much cause of thankful- ness we have to God amid the dangers by which we are surrounded. We ought not to set our affections on this world, or make it our home ; twenty, or at most thirty years, and both of us will be beyond the cares of this life, our children will occupy our places, and be struck with astonishment, that life which seemed so fresh and joyous is already fast passing away. It would not be worth the coming in and going out if that were to be all . . . The circle of those we love is narrowing, and receives no addition till we have grandchildren. At our time of life there are no more binding ties formed to take the place of those that are broken. Let us therefore love each other all the more till death separate us from one another, as it has now done thy son from us. Who knows how soon it may be ?" There is reason to think these words repre- sent the views by which Bismarck's life has been influenced. "Trust in God, my darling" (Mein Herz), he writes to his wife when in sorrow. At another time he closes a political discussion with a friend with these words: "Even more and more does the feeling of gratitude to God for all his help grow strong, and fosters in me the confidence that the Lord knows how to turn even our very errors to our best good ; I feel that daily with wholesome humiliation." A deep sense of religiousness ; a conviction that he was the instrument in a higher hand ; a feeling that his place on earth was to do the duty lying before him, were impressed on Bismarck's inmost soul. It has been under the influence of such feelings that he has done his great work. We have followed him to the borders of his entry on the fulfilment of his mission. We next see him in the discharge of it. The fight for King against the Revolution was his first public work. —Good Words. AN AMERICAN BISHOP OF RITUALISM.—Dr. Henry Lee, Bishop of Iowa, who was one of the consecrators of Bishop Cummins, has written a letter to him re- monstrating with him on his proposal to secede from the Protestant Episcopal Church. Bishop Lee writes : —" I believe in my heart that what I understand by Ritualism is not only foreign to the real genius and teaching of the Protestant Episcopal Church, but that it is actually and radically subversive of its primitive and scriptural character. But, my dear brother, the Church, as such, is not at all committed to this system. She remains as she has been for years and generations. No one Ritualistic doctrine has re- ceived her legislative sanction, and she simply shows her moderation and comprehensiveness by bearing with her mistaken children until they shall be brought to a better mind. It is my own hope and belief that, in the long run, she will come out all right, though her present chastening is not joyous, but grievous. And I believe, further, that it is the duty of her friends to stand by her in this time of trial, and do battle with her, if need be, within her pale, and not desert her when she most needs their help. . . . You say, my dear brother, that you have lost all hope that the Ritualistic system either can or will be eradicated by any action of the authorities of the Church, legislative or executive. I cannot agree with you that the case is hopeless. I admit that the stete of things in the Church of Eng- land and in her daughter Church here is depressing and discouraging ; but let us not look on the dark side alone when there is a bright side also. When in England, at the Lambeth Conference in 1867, I saw much to regret and condemn in the Mother Church, and I endeavoured to bear my feeble testimony against the views and practices that I felt, and still feel, to be inimical to her best interests and full of danger to her true life as an integral part of the Church of Christ. This testimony was borne in a published letter to the then Bishop of London, now the Arch- bishop of Canterbury ; and I have the satisfaction of knowing that I had the sympathy of Dr. Tait in my views, and that he is now, as then, strongly opposed to the Ritualistic system. A majority of the Bishops in England are also opposed to the mischievous system, and so are the great body of the clergy and laity of that Church. The same is true here. The real Ritualists are a small minority of our Bishops, clergy, and laity. They are indeed an active and earnest minority ; but there is no probability that they will be able to gain the ascendency in the Church. Give them rope enough, and, according to present signs, they will effectually hang themselves in due time. We may feel some of the effects of their movement ; but I feel quite certain that the Church at large will not adopt or sanction their views or practices so far as they are erroneous and strange ' and ' contrary to God's Word.' It does not appear to me that the point has yet been reached, even if it ever can be, when an actual division and separation are justified and de- manded by the leadings of God's providence. I could, earnestly desire and pray that a new and distinct organization might not be effected at your proposed meeting. A secessional or schismatical movement at this time would, in my opinion, be a greaterevil than those we are now bearing, and from which we may hope to be relieved in due time. It were far better for our extreme Ritualistic brethren finally to secede to the Church of Rome, to which they are tending, than for yourself and others of like mind to leave such a Church as ours for a new ecclesiastical organization. I pray you to pause and consider before committing yourself fully to such a step, and may God the Holy Ghost guide and direct you in all things." ON MODES OF INFLICTING CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.—To begin with the ancients, and first of all the Assyrians ; the disinterred palaces, besides bringing to light many revelations of their political, religious, and social habits, and the extent of their civilization, also shows us their mode of treating captive rebels. One the most dreadful was the infliction of impalement, but not that impalement which prevailed in later times in the East and among the savages of Africa, whereby the sufferer was exposed to a lingering death of agony. The Assyrians pointed a stake at one end, and having planted the other end firmly in the ground, placed the criminal with the pit of his stomach on the point, and so transfixed his body. Death must have followed after no long interval ; whereas the impalement of the later Arabs by red-hot hooks pierced into the shoulder must have proved as horrible a mode of punishment as could be devised. Usually the Assyrians either decapitated their crimi- nals, or crushed their heads with a mace. In either case one blow would be enough. The flaying of the skin is sometimes represented, but that was probably done upon those who had already been put to death, and not on the living body. The Jews were singularly merciful in their methods of execution, being probably restrained by their divine religion and law. Their usual mode, that of stoning, depended entirely upon the executioners. It might be fearfully barbarous, all the limbs being mangled and crushed before life was forced out ; so it was with St. Stephen, who offered up more than one prayer during the process ; or in- sensibility might quickly stay suffering. Hanging was also not unknown. This was something like cru- cifixion, being not the hanging by the neck, but the criminal was first put to death in some other way, and it was only his lifeless body that was so treated by way of contumely. Nor was it allowed to remain ex- posed beyond sunset. This regulation shows that by hanging could not be meant the crucifixion or impalement of the living body. Burning with fire was inflicted upon the family of Samson's wife by the Philistines, and Judah ordered it when he suspected his daughter-in-law. The daughter of a priest who went astray was con- demned to this death by the law of Moses, but the execution of Achan and his family shows what the punishment really was. The sufferer was not burnt alive ; he was first stoned, and afterwards his body was exposed to the fire. Decapitation seems to have been practised under the kings. It was the duty of the captain of the guard to execute great criminals. So Benaiah was required to do his work to Adonijah, Joab, and Shimei ; so in like manner among the Egyp- tians, Potiphar, captain of the guard, was really chief of the slaughterers. This post was one of consider- able importance in those days, as it was also in France up to the Revolution. It would not be quite fair now to compare Potiphar and Benaiah to Calcraft. Yet in most cases they probably appointed a deputy, just as now it is the business of this sheriff to execute the sentence of the law, although he usually finds a deputy to do his work for him. The Babylonians were naturally more cruel than the Assyrians, probably owing to the infusion of Cushite blood into the composition of their race. Among them we first hear of the fearful death of burning alive, not only as in the case of the three children, when the victims were hurled into the midst of a blazing furnace, which would, had the fire been allowed its power, have brought their sufferings to a speedy end. Jeremiah tells us of certain false pro- phets whom the king of Babylon roasted in the fire. Another new form of execution was first devised by them. The den of lions into which Daniel was thrown by the Median viceroy of Cyrus, was pro- bably inherited from the Babylonians.—Churchman's Shilling Magazine. EXPERIMENTS WITH MOSQUITOES.—Some interesting experiments with mosquitoes have lately been made by Professor Mayer in the United States, who, at a session of the Academy of Sciences, at the Steven's Institute, Hoboken, gave an account of his discoveries with regard to these insects. He said that by placing a male mosquito under the microscope, and sounding various notes of tuning forks in the range of a sound given by the female mosquito, the various fibres of the antennae of the male mosquito vibrated, sympa- thetically to these various sounds. The longest fibres vibrated sympathetically to the grave notes, and the short fibres vibrated sympathetically to the higher notes ; the fact that the nocturnal insects have highly organised antennae, while the diurnal ones have not, and also the fact that the anatomy of these parts of insects shows a highly developed nervous organisation, leads to the inference that these facts form the first sure basis of reasoning in refer- ence to the nature of the auditory apparatus of insects. The experiments were also extended in a direction which added new facts to the physiology of the senses. If a sonorous impulse strike a fibre so that the direction of the impulse is in the direction of the fibre, then the fibre remains stationary. But if the direction of the sound is at right angles to the fibre, the fibre vibrates with its maximum intensity. Thus, when a sound strikes the fibrils of an insect, those on one antenna are vibrated more powerfully than the fibrils on the other, and the insect naturally turns in the direction of the antenna which is most strongly shaken. The fibrils on the other antennae are now shaken with more intensity, until the insect, having turned his body so that both antennae vibrate with equal intensity, has placed his body in the direction of the sound. Experiments under the microscope show that the mosquito can thus detect to within five degrees the position of the sonorous centre. POLITICAL orators in the West indulge in some high- flown asseverations in regard to their firmness of prin- ciple. The following is a moderate specimen:— " Build a worm fence around the winter's supply of summer weather; skim the clouds from the sky with a teaspoon ; catch a thunder-cloud in a bladder ; break a hurricane to harness ; ground-sluice an earthquake; lasso an avalanch ; pin a napkin on the crater of an active volcano,—but never expect to see me false to my principles." 