irtfWBO^SaiE' Week ' ' A special general, meeidng of the Bose of Adelaide Band of Hope was held on Thurs day evening. Various business was transacted, and an entertainment was fixed for a date to be announced by advertisement. ; On Monday night last, at Kapunda, a fine young cow, -belonging to Mr. O'Loughlin, got her head entangled in Mr. J. Batten's wire fence, and was strangled before she was dis covered.;-^fijip«hda Herald. . . Mrv and ??Mas.' Case are having a highly successful tour in the 'North. At their enter tainments at Gawler and Kapunda there were, we«re informed^ about- the largest assemblages that had ever- been attracted in thosB towns by any publio indoor amusement. ' ' ' I Onr Monday ev-ening last, as a man naBaedrDonnithorne, ; of Hew Hamburg, was returning ^ome, he mistook the tailing of St. Andrew's-Bridge for the fence which adjoins it, ' and fell over into the bed of the -creek. He was conveyed to the Victoria Hotel, where Dr. Ferguson attended Iiim. ': ', Fortunately no ?bonea were, broken, and he is prpgreBsisg favorably,— Southern Argva. '?- Gonaequeat upon {he promotion of Mr. George Lrej Mole to. the post of Secretary, to the - Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, the following' promotions have been made — Mr.' Lionel EL Sholl, Chief Clerk of the Audit 'Office j to be Chief Clerk and Accountant in the Treasury; vice Wright, appointed Secre tary: jto the Marine1- Board ; Mr. J. Snell, of the 'Engineer's Department, succeeds Mr. Sholl; and Mr. W.L. Wyly takes Mr. Snell's posi ^tibn. .. ! Bain without clouds at Sandhurst is reported by the Bendigo [Advertiser of July 10 :-i* LasireveidBg showers fell, first at about If, and afterwards between 9 and -lO^o'clock, of some severity, whilst not a cloud was anywhere to be seen, i The sky was perfectly anobscured «n Jboth occasions, the stars in all directions being distinctly' visible. The night, in fact, was remarkably fine and clear, and the source of the rain was a mystery to all by whom it i^» 'experlencnd.' . i ;Mr. Siauhders, Secretary to the Earl Dalhousie Copper1 Mining Company, received, on Friday, » Eadiaa telegram, statin; that the Directors- had just started work again in the mine on tribute. Operations were suspended about nine months ago through, want of funds just when the prospects of the mine looked most . promising, the back of a. lode, showing good ore, having been struck. As .work can now be carried on for some time without expenditure, the shareholders have a fair chance of having their property developed. : On Friday, July 17, the Minister of Education (Hod. W. H. Bnndey,4hf.P.), accom panied by the Hon. W. Morgan, M.L.O., Mr. W. A. B. West-Erskine, M.A., M.P., Mr. Commissioner Hamilton, J.P. ; and by the Chairman -(Mr. ?' J, A. Hartley, B.A.), and the SJBcretary (5£r. Jas. Bath) or the Board of Education, made an official visit to the Model Schools.: Each department was inspected, and the visitors saw the cadet corps drilled. The . Minister of Education expressed himself as very , highly pleased with the schools, and, at bis' request, a half holiday was given to the pupils, t ' '. . .- !.?;;: An explanation is now given of the sickness and mortality which occurred on board the Mongol, a New Zealand immigrant ship. A telegram from Wellington, dated July 4, to the Dunedin Guardian, says :— " According to the report of a Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the sickness on board the Mongol, it was clearly shown that several cases of scarlet fever and measles occurred while the emigrants were in the Imperial depot at Plymouth ; also that the depot was overcrowded and ill-ven tilated, that the medical officer of the depot neglected his duty, and that the ship's surgeon should not have gone to sea with such sick ness ; there was no regular inspection of im migrants prior to the embarkation, and that, when disease broke out in the married com partments forward, the surgeon neglected to adopt those, precautionary measures which had succeeded in checking the disease at an earlier period of the voyage in other parts of the ship. A proper supply of provisions and medical comforts was not put on board, while the provisions for the young children were useless during a greater portion of the voyage. The medical comforts were so carelessly used as to become exhausted before half the voyage was over. The surgeon is blamed for not insisting that the immigrants should have a proper supply of water. The captain is severely blamed for allowing the supply to become exhasted for several hours in mid-ocean with epidemic disease on board. The Commissioners say — " The supply of children's rations was calculated on a wrong basis, although probably according to the scale required by the charter. No provision was made for the exces sive number of children, they being in propor tion to adults.' They think that children's rations sould not be calculated as per statute adult, but according to the numbers and re quirements of the children on board." j About three weeks ago a youth named John Brenan, son of Mr. J. Brenan, of Nairne. fell from the tail-board of a German waggon at Mount Barker, sustaining several bruises about the body, but fortunately escaping the fracture of any bones. He was admitted into the Ade laide Hospital on Thuisday, July 16. We understand that the injuries are not serious. With regard to the intense cold ex perienced in the hills, our Houghton corres pondent, writing on the 16th lnst., says : — "This morning — and in fact all the night — we were visited with a very severe frost. Standing water exposed to its action was frozen to a great thickness, some nearly to half an inch. A wash-basin of soapy water presented a unique and beautiful appearance, the ice assuming the form, of the most exquisite fern leaves. I have hot heard whether the numerous gardens around have suffered from the severe cold." A meeting of the Balaklava and Dalkey Agricultural Society was held at the Balaklava Hotel, on Monday, July 13. Considering the weather and roads, there was a fair attendance of members and other persons. Mr. J. Saint was reappointed President. Mr. T. Brady Vice President, Mr. C. Heard Treasurer, and Mr. P. Brady Secretary. A proposition, moved by Mr. Heard, and Seconded by Mr. Woods, to the effect that the former Committee should act for the present year, was carried. It was further resolved that Messrs. Dalton, Traeger, and F. Hack, of Mount Templeton, be also members of the Committee. The Treasurer's minute showed a handsome balance. Mr. G. W. Cotton has received a Yam Creek, telegram dated July 16, from a well known mining proprietor in the Northern Terri tory, strongly advising that the Thames and Sandy Creek Companies should jointly spend £700 on a contract to tunnel the hill on the boundary between the claims of the two Com panies ; also, that Radford's party have been averaging 10 ozs. gold daily near the boundary of those claims. Mr. Cotton has also received a message of the same date informing him that the Howley and Agguaguilla Companies will, it is expected, shortly have each a crushing of 20 tons of stone. The case of Bowman and Another v. Hamilton was concluded at the Supreme Court on Thursday morning, when a verdict was found for the plaintiffs for £750. The case of Cherry and Another v. Smith and Another was commenced, but was not proceeded with, as the leading counsel for the defendants, Mr. Stow, Q C, having been appointed Deputy Speaker, was obliged to be in the Assembly that afternoon. The learned counsel in ex plaining this, regretted that he had not known of the continuance of the appointment, as he would have made other arrangements. The counsel on the other side offered no objection to an adjurnment under the circumstances, and consequently the Court adjourned till the next day. when the evidence in the suit will be proceeded with. Exceptmgihe fining of one^e»oa4oF drunkefan$ss, ao-burinw M^nguMftedgaittte Police Oonrt on Saturday morning, tmljrll. On Wednesday, July 15,tiie'followiDg Tarn Greek telegram was received byiHSessn. Pearson & Cussen, Seoretaries to the Palmer ston Company, from Mr. John W. Wi'son, the Manager :— ' Crashed 12 tons, formerly carted battery, 2 ezs. 17 dwta; retorted gold. Payable gold next time.' ''''._' = ' : Telegraphic news has .been, received I that at a meeting of the proprietors of the Union : Bank, two or three, days ago, in London, a dividend at the. rate «f 14 per cent, per annum, -, for the half-ysar, was declared, and it is an nounced in our business columhB that Adelaide ' shareholders can obtain their dividend SraT rants on application to the Manager; '.'! 1 ' ' On Tuesday morning, while a young man named Neil was employed in feeding a chaffcutrfcer at the John Bull stables, {Jorrie street, he got his hand between the cog-wheels, and it was severed at the wrist. Dr. May©,' who was immediately sent for, ordered hu re moval to the Hospital, to which institution he was accordingly taken. 'We understand that work has been stopped on the Lady Edith Gold Mining Com pany's claims at Barossa, which are imme diately south of and adjoining the Lady Alice Company's ground. This is done in order to wait the development of the Alice, as some doubt exists as to which it will ultimately be — a gold or copper .mine, or both. Some splendid specimens of ore, con taining 50 or 60 per cent, of copper, from the Lady Alice Mine, were shown oh 'Change on Wednesday. They were broken out by a share holder who was down the mine a few days ago, and the lode from which they were taken shows 2 ft. 6 in. in -width of ore. On Thursday last, as one of the masons employed by Messrs. Baker Brothers was erect ing some scaffolding at St. John's Churob, Auburn, the plank on which he was standing gave way, precipitating him to the .? ground, su distance of about 10 or 12 feet. The fall broke one of his ribs, which, with other bruises, will keep Mm from work for some days.— -flToiv them Argus. On Monday evening last Mr. Prisk, President of the Miners' Union, delivered an addresB in the schoolroom, ELanmantoo. Mr. John Siincock, sen., presided. Several leading political questions were gone into. Payment of members and no immigration were advocated, as well as the principles of tho Union. The room was not full, as a good many remained outside. Mr. P. Byass brought to the office of. the Border Watch on Tuesday a lusus natural in the shape of two lambs joined as one. There was only one head between the two, but two bodies, eight legs, and a sufficient number for two lambs of all the other external organs. The monstrosity was the production of a ewe belonging to Mr. Uphill, farmer, near Port MacLfonnell. On Sunday afternoon, just at sun down, a fire broke oat in a small stack of hay belonging to Mr. Lane, hawker, Kensington. A good deal of excitement existed at first, as the flames rose high, and could be seen for a considerable distance. A large crowd . of' per sons collected, and care was taken to prevent the flames spreading, beyond the stack. It is not known how the fire originated. At a meeting held on Monday evening, to establish a Tailors' Trade Protection So ciety, it was resolved that the Association be formed, and the following Committee was ap pointed to frame rules and lay them before a future meeting — Messrs. Boyd, Brown, Ward, Qaarrell, Pegley, Abbott, Cope, Galletley, Harkness. Dlr. Pollard was appointed Chair man, and Mr. J. R, Langford Secretary. On Monday, July 13, an accident hap pened at Kangarilla to a boy named Andrew Hawkes. He was riding in a bullockdray with another lad, when his foot slipped through the side of the vehicle, and was caught in the spokes of the wheel. His leg was very badly broken jast above the ankle, and the bone pro truded through the skin. Toe sufferer was brought into Adelaide and taken to the Hos pital. '? The 3-feet narrow-gauge railroad system if, ' the San Francisco Bulletin says,, ** rapidly becoming popular in this country, and . but few people are aware of the fact that since . it came in vogue, during the last three or four years, ne less than l,445i miles of narrow gauge railway have been built in this country and in Canada, which roads, when completed, will have a mileage of 4,5624 miles, while there are 1,291 miles under construction.' ? We regret to observe in the Wallaroo Times an announcement of the death of Mr?. Carleton, the author of the 'Song of Aus tralia,' who expired at her residence, Wallaroo, on the 10th inst. Besides the poem with which her name is most generally associated, the dec snsed lady wrote a number of others, some of which possessed considerable merit. She has left a son and four daughters, one of whem is the wife of the Rev. H. M. Pollitt, o£ Hind marsh. The Corporation, at considerable ex pense, are planting the principal streets of Port Adelaide with valuable trees. On Sunday night some thieves overthrew a number of the guards and stole the trees. The Corporation have offered a reward for the conviction of the eft enders, and if discovered, they ought not to ' be lightly dealt with. The robbery affects not only the Council; but also those inhabitants who have had trees planted opposite their premises by paying half the expense. The Darra has brought a capital lot of people who, in appearance, promise to become good colonists. They are all Knglisfa, and the industrial classification gives the following numbers :— Stonemason, 1 ; plumbers, 2 ; laborers, 9 ; butchers, 2 ; gardeners, 2 ; brick layer, 1 ; baker, 1 ; carpenter, 1 ; boot . and shoe maker, 1. Of the conduct of the immi grants on the voyage the master and tbe Surgeon Superintendent (Dr. Eccles) speak in most favorable terms. The anniversary of the ' Adelaider Fortschritts Verein' was celebrated on Mon day last in the large room at the National Hotel, Pirie- street, By a theatrical perform ance and ball. The room was crowded to ex cess, nearly 600 members and friends of the above Club being present. After a prologue, delivered by the President (Mr. T. Sherk), the curtain roee to the piece ' Humaristiache Studien,' which was well rendered throughout and met with frequent approbation. A ball, which was greatly enjoyed by all present, com pleted the evening's entertainment. The following is a return of the number of paid telegrams transmitted through the British-Australian Cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Friday, July 10 :— From tbe colonies — South Australia, 7 ; 'Victoria, 24 ; Kew South Wales, 21 ; Queensland, 6; Tasmania, 1 ; New Zealand, 8 ; total, 67. To the colonies — South Australia, 8 ; Victoria, 40; New South Wales, 20 ; Queensland, 7 ; Tasmania. 2; New Zealand, 5; total, '82. Grand total, 149. ; A pleasing entertainment was given by the General Havelock Lodge, British Templars, in the Mission Hall, on Thursday evening, July 9\. Mr. W. C. Buik occupied the: chair. Sis ters belonging to the Order sang some ballads; and duets, Sisters Marriot and Cooper particu- - larly delighting the audience. The' most notice-' able recitations were delivered by Brothers' Whitmore and Cooper. The comical part of the programme passed off with great eclat. Miss White kindly rendered assistance by play ing tbe accompaniments on the piano. Several burglarious robberies have' occurred in this city recently. On Sunday week the bouse of a Mr. Gowenlock, in the south-east part of Adelaide, was entered, and a quantity of money stolen, including £18 that bad been kept secretei under the carpet of one of the rooms. Some night during the previous week some thief pi.thieres got Jhto &» fitow .Church schoolroom, broke open Aha jjollection ;a»tei*-£lfijf-h94eMfti«itt[(»tel«teolBdb]l«i ? rthntJt'tnmnftUfijiljiii^n. ^ini^ilffiljInflMDl. jErB*r* natdy they^iad been emptied, by the tfrtper ^^m^cafe-W Rtiftifis VI1, MartsSnfc^nd! Others ief Sownfor he&iiigat;'the presentpivil: Sitting»s6f%&?SupTeme Court1 hasT-we hleft,' been'aettfed. .BtwiUbBipememberadthat«ii* suitiootiupicd a lengthened period at. theilaat sitting* »f the Court,, the point .in,. ilia-; pi&e; Jtetqg. In' reference to the exe?u^lon- The'^aBe^hen-went in favour thecdefendintt!a butitrtlBtoi?*»e*r trial; was granted} *nd'JSti was anticipatedtuf&the; one untold oome »nl art dune 'for¥a^n^ag^}it ^Swulat^occupya'long: period, itadrwould*^^of itt&ctiKBftnso; 6&Wi;& siderabl&patiancetaaidatfenMon.;, ? i i v.---urj ; ??« On .MSMfcy ' nigbj;*'- Jttrates %hS* ffirmm -y&gini; «f' joiyuo, ^siisasiy' td Biding in NewdaUrevere somewhat) alarmed on dtsboverjag i&at; one ^of the members, a; lad eightyears of 'age, h^daisen from, .his ,hed during bis .sleep,' opened the doors, -an'dJ wan detedaway.- 'Search was made,. Sutifche night being4Jfcrk,€fwo5» -» difficult task. ' The som nambulist fortunately made/oralioriWa't'someJ distance, knocked at the door, and w$s rgoeived by the. inmates— two . females' — who. . on j per ceiving the ghost-like figure were ' considerably startled. ; The little fellow talked ib them lira strange manner, seemingly unoonsofonal ' *HB %fe* - carried home by bis parents-' andnpnt .to bed.' On' being questioned the next n^fnihgas rto what induced him togoont'andiipw.heielt.h.ej seemed surprised, as he was not aware of having, lefthWroom.' -?' ? ? ?'' j_ ' ' ' _' _ -'; ' - ; ' ™ : ' Regaidingf the alleged degeneracy of the human rabe, Dr. 3. M. XhiOosta, in a vaitf dictory addrieBS to' the grtkduatrpg^class of the Jefferson Medical College in ThUadelphia,- 're- marksj the London Medical XecordjBaya, as fol lows iy' What we.hear of the physical degene ration of, our race is very, doubtful. I think the men as welrf ormed aad as capable ol'oqn tinued exertion ai ever. . When we call to mind the marches of the Britiish troops in India and Aby'sginia, or of the Prussians in their: late campaign,; . when~ we reflect on the /splendid' heroism, .'the privations endured, the. extraor dinary vigor of the men, both from the^brth and South', who were citizens one dayj soldiers anethervand who, brethren again, have' Taiiedr the 'American name into a -synon^m for deter minatiospand endurance, it takeifTyery. strong faitb.ip' Relieve .^t^t . the . men of , the . .second ?half of tljie 19th' century are degenerating.'4' ' . , 3/Lany portions. of the Mount Gambier district are noted for the luxuriant growth of ferns, but few persons perhaps have ever taken the trouble, to ascertain the number of varieties that ;grbw in the locality. On Tuesday Mr. J, Whltehead, of Glenbnniie.showed-us-a small collection he mad© frofld a«av9 onjthe Limestone, Bidge, 13 or j.4 miles from Mount Gambier, which he intends dispatching to morrow to the Adelaide Botanic Garden. 'The collection ;«OBjriflts~«f~ six- -or- seven distinot varieties of this plant, some of which are re markably beautiful. . : Though -It^is scarcely' pro- bable this district could vie with New Zealand, where the varieties ' of f era are - - numbered ''by thousands, yet it is certain a good collection could be made were the sesroh extended over, a large area. Mr. Whitehead has also obtained some choice mosses from the same locality. — Border WtUch. . -. . Persons bent on pleasure should be careful where they seat themselvep. Whsji out picnicing a few Saturdays ago a pleasure party, consisting of several ladies ' and gentle-', men hailing from one of the aristocratic terraces^ in Adelaide, wentto Glenelg'tobreathe that fresh air whiob it is said 'expands our nature and makes us. more charitable.9' After roaming about th'e.'beach for some time they determined to, attend rto the wants of thoir ianer man, and having choBsn a suitable spot, seated themselves upon the grass. One of their number,' a fresh arrival from a large manufacturing town in England, thought the grass damp, and after getting through a fenoe, went .to '.deposit his precious frame upon a large sheet of galvanized iron situated upon some private property ; but judge of his dismay when the sheet gave* way and lodged hitn, victuals and all, into .a' well which it covered. . The well was only 'about 5 feet deep, but the expression of .terror and wonderment on our hero's face, as it peered over the surface of the ground, was a 'complete study, and may easier be imagined than, de scribed... He sustained no .injury beyond the anticipation of his evening's ablutions. He will not trespass again. Messrs. C. J. Valentine (Chief In spector of Sheep), Allan McF&rlane;, J.P., and H. T. Morris, J.P., who were appointed by she Government as a Commission to examine. and report upon -the diseased flock of sheepln the South- East, have returned from their visit -of inspection, and report the sheep to be flaky, and recommend their destruction. The flock is at Policeman's Point,- on the Adelaide side of Sa'twater: Creek, and is allowed plenty; of grazing ground— all other sheep being carefully kept from coming in the way ,of the infection. - Messrs. Morris & Valentine brought to tosni the liver, lungs, and heart of a flaky sheep, and a small bottle containing afew flakes preserved in; spirits. The viscera were taken to Dr. Gosse, Chairman of the Board of Health, and an ex amination, made. lu the heart and lungs nothing abnormal- was found, but in the ducts of the liver numbers of the parasites .were dis covered. .The Commissioners had seen thou- . sands in tbe livers they had examined, and some measured 1£ inch in length. When alive the fluke is somewhat like a flounder in form, and. those in the bottle had preserved their oiiginal shape, bat the flukes in the liver had shrivelled after d^ing, and looked more like worms.. Some that we saw were about half an inoh long. Part of the liver presented an unhealthy ap pearance; having,, it is considered, beoome'in flamed by the irritation caused by the parasites. During the past few weeks there have: occurred several changes, in the nautical world at Fort Adelaide. First came the .superseding, of the old Marine Beard surveyors by setting' them, aside entirely. Mr. Murray, who lias for several yeara held office as Marine Engine and Boiler Inspector, retire! to make a place for a new official fresh from New South Wales. He will in future issue certificates, not only' on' boilers, but on drivers and engineers, and, in fact, be will be autocratic in all matters con nected, with steamera and their machinery. The next change wrought . by the new Marine Board Act is the elevation of Cap tain Blanch as Nautical Examiner, and it would be a difficult matter to find a. person who is. more_ eligible to perform the duties devolving on him without favor or affec tion ; and in his particular department his power is something. a ; trifle, more 'absolute than .the' Engineer Surveyor. * The Beltana being' left, without a master, Captain Weir waa induced to leave his smart baigue,. the Fanny BreslaUer, to command the Elder. finer. This master is a very .bid -hand in the trade, having served in the St. 'Vincent and other ships for many jearei The master of the Heath superseded Captain' Weir, and sailed with the Fanny on Wednesday, moroing. ' ''..... ..'. - ? - 'The land in the Northern areas being admirably suited for- nearly all kinds of fruit trees;' the Bunyip. «ays, ^'Settlers should not let this season pass wathont making i» son mencement in planting some ; they Bhould remember that fruit is k: season- when culinary vegetables axe- scarcely -obtainable, and that a little trouble now will;*»nduce greatly, in after years, both to their health and economy. A few vines of the? table- sorts, some fig, loquat, almond, peach, apricot^ plum, pear, and quince, if only one or. two of each as a beginning, will, in ' three, or -ionr years, make ample icturn for the . expense and trouble of planting. Besides the fore going, olive trees are to be particularly recom mended; there can be no finer country- for them than the new Areas, and in years to fduotions rf thU.folony. .It u not only the bear m ^&^mm&m;*mMmw to give a good retam to tl*/tfroau^*aii Bas^.jand, the ,16108^1 , highly valuable as food snd- at:»' rery reasonable price per hundred ; jthey ighonld be plantedi for iedges rwKerevflr {they eaR^ba jo^teoted for a. few.yearsfrom jcattle^^r no, plant Is morer suli^ble for that; ^-urp6se^Lnthls olunate; and some should be ]plante3 «tat am standards to form 'future olive' yatds.' -v The plants supplied by the nurserymen larejieedlingB, and If planted for the production lofr^pjl, will require grafting with good, sorts. jare uhac^uslnted with this tree, ^hat it grows luJTOian«rin deep moist soils, but ; bears little frMt.*h(Bre.+ Tnitaediunrsoils it grows at a fair rate^andiiMn girod;erapc{ taitdt .will also, like . Jthejvl}iej,fl0nrt^lii;_the:mostjdry, rooky- and ; 7' ^f-. suijecfcjqf ^gnalling in mines,'. obse/vesthejBi^toiOuitiperfts^of a recent date,, *'Jb receiving' a iargeamount or attention at' the ^a'ads ? ipjf ' prasidw aaeni. We have already de soribtKl^aevcwal inveiltious: which: have- been' made, i-andT yesterday -we/were -shown' another one, the, .inventor «f which . is Mr* Nicholas Thomas, jnimiig manager, of the Young Chum. Company. 'Wtiis apparatus is easily worked,' in^xpenBTvej;attd'simple'in its '? construction. It ' odnsiistftof apieoeof-board-44 feet long'-a&dT; fodtibrAadv fitted np in the 'engine-house in a vertical .position; on the upper *ide of it. are painted t^e numbers of the levels, and on the lo'wer Ihe words' *haul quartz,'- ttpola,' and names:of; other mate'rialB, &c.;, obtained from . orhuedin the -mine. A thin iroa-rod: workB in the centre of lha beard between two pins, and to; the end of thii rod is.fixed an. inductor ,or two hands, one pointing to fche; numbers of the level, , ana'uielojther tb ttie materials. &c;, wanted or etheTwise. The rod is fastened to a small steel wire rope' which runs over a wheel at the1 brace down: tbe 'shaft, ? rind at the other end to a weight actgnjf as - «. : counter balance. , To the opposite end of the rod'' a pin is attached,' which,, when the indioater is moved forward, strikes against a small spring bell, for the pur pose of attracting the attention of tbe engine driven A similar board is fitted up at each level. In^Baldng a signal in .the engine-roem corresponding ones are also made at each of the levels - at' which ope of the boards is fitted. When the indicator is moved forward rthe first signal- given- is the number of the level, after whiohHhe ?indioater is 'moved to any' of the bottpiu: signals that require to bermade. In order to draw the attention of miners working, say, in a level at the end o£ . .a long crosscut, when a'signal is made at the j)lat, a small bell \b hung'in ' the level which' is connected with thesignal board,- When the indicator passes, for. instance ? ' No. 5 level;' it comes in. contact with, a pin, with which, the bell. hung, in the level is cennected by means of a thin wire rope. This bell, is rung, and the attention of 'the miners is -of course drawn thereby to the signal board. The apparatus is in use, and works very well. The cost of fitting it up at five levebi and on the surface, we are informed is only £3. M. Eochefort, while, in California, wrote. to fhe San Francisco Chronicle on the political situation of France. The following is the iiauslatioh of Ma letter:— 'I have been asked if that power which :MaoMahon seemed desirous of arrogating to himself for seven jrearsf appears -tome dangerous to the'Bepublic. ? As for myselfr I cannot tell the projects, of the President for the time being, who has one foot in the Orleanist -ampi the other in, that of the Bbnapartists, and who doubtless regrets that (ha has liot a third to risk in the camp of the tegitimists. But that which reassures as, who are Bepublicans, is the possibility that there, mayarise any day a new man to despoil as of the Republic which we have created. In my opinion there will never be enough pre tenders in France. Despots formerly practised willingly j the maximum, 'Divide in order to rule.' It has to-day returned to plague . them, and, it is now the Bepublicans .who reign, through' the mutual divisions and disagreements of the despots; ' MacMahon, - appointed by .the Right, 1s now attacked by the Right. In the Parliasieutary battle be has -shown him self, as skilful as in others. He has already Lost his right, arm— his left, arm ought [ 'tb say ?— in the ? person of the Due de Broglie. The rest of his body is caught in the Iriving 'wheel, and I do not think it needs a rory keen-isighted person -to predict ' that ere three months- M. MaoMahon will be able to say of himself, in the words of Ney %t Waterloo, ' Qome on, and I will show you 'how a Marshal »f France can falL' But it is' among those who liave lost political power that men desirous of regaining; it? are found. After the Legitimists, the Qrleani&ts;, and the Bonapartists, we shall tiave the 9eptennatists, until a fifth aspirant somes to. join the dance. Our part will then be limited for . the present' to watching these marvellous simpletons, who honestly believe the French nation has been created for their personal 'net. Let' us leave them to. unmask one another, and to reproach 'one another with simplicity or with cringes. The people who assist at this soeneof dissection will, peirhapp, profit by it, and the result will inevitably be the.' moral . and material ruin of these Imperial and: Bjpyal. Princes, of whom it can. be truly Raid 'that they have forgotten nothing, since they never knew anything. If there is anything in the world more ridiculous than a Republic without SJepublioans, it is a Monarchy without a Monarch.— HenbI'Boohxfobt.' Services in connection with -the re opening of the Congregational Church, Hind marsh, were ~ held - on Sunday, July 12, when sermons were preached morning and evening to large congregations — thatin the morn ing by the Revi C. Manthorpe,- and that in the Bveningby the Kev. C; B. Symes, B.A. On blonday the tea, which -was given in the school room, was so largely pattonised that it was ieoes8ary for the company to take their seats n two successive relays. The public meeting, rbich was held in. the chapel, ia the evening, iris presided over by Mr. George McEwin, J.P., of Glen JEwin, while the platform was occupied by the Revf. John McBwiu, Pastor of the Church; J»s. Henderson, Presbyterian; J. Y. . Simpson, Wesley an ; apd J. Colbourne, Chris-, kian.' . The Chairman, in his opening remarks, referred to -the singular circumstances under |wbich he presided that evening. He thought such a; thing had not occurred in the colony before, as for a father to preside over. a gathering . of church-goers of whom his. son was pastor. Ho need hardly say his sym pathies were with -them. He was present at. the chapel when his son was induoted into the ministry some time previously, and was pleased to fiud the present improvements, which were manifest, en every hand: Their tastes in the' color of the paint, and other minor matters,' were also in ?? harmony with his'. He' liked to see a: place of: worship comfortable, . and nit. jmbeUished with » lot of: unnecessary orna-; mentation. It was far better to devote the'. money to Bending the Gospel to the heathen iban spehaing it in embellishments. He hoptd' the next thing they reauired in the way of im provement would be the enlargement of their' chuxoh. The Rev. John. MoEwia Baid the frtends^at.Hindtnarsh had a desire for several jyeari ;to' improve the, chapel, but could not' see' their'1' way clear to do so until 'a short, time ago. An application was then made to fthe. congregation, which resulted ia: a sum of about £200 being promised. .It was then, decided to jiroo'eed with the work, and during' the renovation of the building, which occupied aboutithree months, they held eervioes in the schboh-oom.' _' -1h» shingle roof had .been re placed, with one of corrugated ^ iron, and the «hapel Jiadi been 'fitted up with new seats, :a platform, gas fittings^ and other; neoessaries.. It'^as. also fresh painted,' and had a thorough renovation 'from ceiling te floor. Tbe total icpstof ihe improvements was £373 18p. . To meet , that they bad ;reoeived £212, and ex 'pected when several premises,, which were not. then to hand, and the proceeds of the reopening aervictss were added, there would remain a debt «f only £100 on the building. He heartily thanked the members of the congregation, and to os«. belonging to other Churches, for the very liberal manner, in which they had assisted them.' She Revs, J. Y. Simp -son, -James -Hendei»on,-and Jv-Colbourno .foL lowed, all of , whom^ngratulated the tOhuych and iaAjfei'ega'fion W ^the marked -improvement ia their sanctuary. The 'proceedings were en livened at intervals ' by: the Sunday-fechool children singing several pieces from the American^ Sacred Songster very . creditably, Mr.jJ.LPickering, jun., presiding at the 'har- mbhium. During the 'eveniiig, apologies, for absence were read from the' Revs/ Allen1 and J; B. Ferguson— the former gentleman was present at *he tea, but could not attend the evening's. meeting. . . ... .-.?,. i On Monday - evening a public meeting . was held in the Bible Christian Chapel, Stirling East, te consider the advisableness of establish iog-aljodge in connection wi' h L P. Q. T. .Messrs. Alcocfc, M. H. Madge,' Klngdpn, and Chambers attended as a 'deputation from the' -Grand Lodge to explain the principles, constitution, objects; and i advantages of' theQrder. The meeting was frpenedb; singing the 372ndhyain (B. O.), and prayer by the Rev. T. Ijang.. Jgro. Alcock, on ' the motion of Mr. William Lewis; Was' unanimously voted1 to the chair. In- his' '.opening remarks; '-' he endeavored to show 4he ^difference between Temperance and Good Templansm. by stating that in ; the, former there was simply a signing of the pledge! and perhaps tbe person- so signing was never' looked after nor cartid: 'for ; 'bat Good Tem plarism not only' obtained the signature to a life-long -'pledge, bat there was a supervision - over the individual, and if he or she went astray, to endeavor by practical sympathy to raise the erring one and restore him' to his former level. He wished to test the meeting as to the number of total abstainers present. On a show of hands being 'taken- more -than -50 per -cent, declared themselves as such. Bro. Madge, in his usual easy and flaent style set . forth the objects of the Society, basing his arguments upon facts and incidents' coming under his own immediate notice, referring especially to the example -set by the ministers of various* churches, and the paltry excuse made by many of the flock ..that the minister takes it with me and believes it to be good in moderation. He compared the home of ' the moderate drinker and the drunkard,' ' remarking that out 'of this generation of muddlers we get pur fuddlers, and home was uot a home where drinking in moderation led even one of a family to go astray. Bro. . Kingdon next,, in an eloquent speech, explained the constitu tion, principles, and objects of the Order, the benefits ef total abstinence, and the evils caused by the use of alcohoL He repudiated the' idea that tloy 'wished to make people believe that Geod lemplarism was the goal; but that; the. operations of the Society were 'such as to pro vide the means by which i's members might be led in the path that would ultimately lead them to the goal. He spoke of the neoessity for urging to Legislative action, showing the loose manner in which the present Licensed. Victuallers Act was- carried out, and stated facts and incidents showing that landlords or landladies, in' many instances,1 cared neither for the urgent cry ?? of the wives, for. the -certificates and recom mendations of medical jimen, that certain in dividuals should not be served with drink, answering that as long as they chose to drink they should have it, and in some cases bundling the careworn and anxious applicants (called wives) out into the streets to do the best they qan; If a member of some Christian Church became an inebriate he was turned out of the Church aud handed over to the devil, despised by those who, in their moderation, had led to his destruction. In' reply to ? questions, the Chairman stated that, in adult Lodges, the use of .tobacco . was not prohibited, .but in juvenile Lodges it .was strictly prohibited. In answer to the second question, it was affirmed that ginger wine was most decidedly an intoxicating drink. The Chairman remarked that they were on their way to open a Lo3ge at Mount Barker on the following evening, and if they (the audience) wished, they (the officers) would on their return open a Lodge in that place oq Wednesday evening. The wish was expressed, the numbers requisite to open the Lode guaran teed, and the announcement was made that Bre. Kingdom would preach in that place at 7, and the. Lodge should be opened at 8 p.m.. on an eveni' g fixed.' The meeting then closed with the doxology and bsnediction. The third .general meeting of the Ade laide Silk Industrial Association was held at the' Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday morning, July 10. Mr. S. Davenport, J. P,, occupied the chair, and there was a moderate attendance. The , statement of the liabilities and assets read by Mr. S. V. Pizey, the Secre tary, showed a balance iu the Association's favor of about £84, besides the value of some furniture. The Chairman remarked that the Company possessed in good condition planted out over 27 acres white mulberry trees, comprising 11,000 of the best varieties for silk, besides from 2,000 to 3,000 plants in tbe nursery. These varieties included the Hispionica, Japonica, Rose-leaf, Cape, Multi caulis, and French seedlings. The value of these trees, put at a low figure, would fairly represent the capital devoted to their planta tion and rearing up to the' present time, and when the balance of calls due was paid up— a sum of about £128 -all liability would be covered, so that the Company was in a sol vent state. But what. of the future? The Directors desired to receive the wishes of the shareholders as to that, in order that they might act in accord with them. Though solvent now, and possessed of the plantation to represent the capital already expended, tbe : property could not be retained without further capital was votedfor maintenance, orother action relieving the Directors from fresh charges. One of two course was open — either to continue to maintain the property uuder fresh capital, or to arrange f o r the retention of the stock of valuable trees by accepting a proposal made to the Government, aad concurred in by Dr. Patersoa, viz , that for stocking with valuable trees some spare ground at the new Lunatic Asylum so far as suited the wants of the Asylum, the Association being entitled to the use of the leaves. This arrange ment', would in some degree maintain the pro perty of the Association and aid the develop ment, of sericiculture, . The land now held by the Association, was 27 h acres at £40 10s. annual rental, with right of purchase at tbn end. of three years for £25 per acre. There was an annual outlay in keeping this in order, .besides tbe rent; and as this -must be provided for, and as the Directors were obliged to admit there was apparently yet too much indifference abroad : to the objects of the Association to allow of their incurring fresh outlay without the 'express con-' currence of the shareholders, they had no other alternative. They had received a liberal offer' from Mr. Bagot, their landlord, who would cancel the lease if desired,, allowing time for the Association to remove the trees and give £40 as compensation therefor. To ob tain the wishes of the shareholders on the position of the Association as thus sketched, was the object of the Directors ia calling, the meeting. , The Association held a planta tion ©f much, intrhuic value to the' country, and it was to ' be regretted if- any serious ' check, occurred, to . retard, its development. Mr. Francis said, before the Association started he,experimenteu in the production of. cocoons, and was very, successful, obtaining a first class, report from leading firms in England as to the quality of the silk ; but since the Association had been formed the cocoons had been attacked' with a disease, which: had drawn the Assooii tim into expenses. Under other circumstances, the expenses 'would have been met by the pro-' dace of the grain. In spite of every prpnanHon, the raVages of the disease continued. ;i ,' I at last ke was compelled to destroy the remaining worms and commence de novo. He w*s happy to say he had procured healthy grain. : As re garded the proposition to remove the plants of the Association to the Parkside Lunatic Asylum grotmds/lie did hot think if would be desirable this season - to do so, believing that Mr. Bagot would treat the Association very libe rally with, reference to the rent which was due to him. . It was resolved that 2,500. trees, or as many more as could be planted out, of all the kinds available, should be removed to the Park side Lunatic Asylum grounds ; that the Direc tors 'Should take steps to recover the outstand- - ing calls ; and that the meeting stand adjourned for a fortnight, the Directors in the meantime to endeavor to reorganise tbe Association. 