. yos PAsmST 'm If enythinff «oold make tme qM tjiat shapes our ends, and which very, littie use to -contend, it would helhsa? M apparentiy nnaooountahle fresks thst 5 J then take peseeation of a nu, sad lsadkiiw somethisg altogether outside of his 1 aftd contrary to his habits of life. la jh»2!j a man of leisure, 4boo ineUnstion torms nis nanus, you might «May coatrary to his- ieelination ai well/It 1 freak of this kind which led Walter Phdiabl 1 f«retei.iDwfaaUj p«ty, oonsirt | -Btotner and tutors, bis younger brtfhftr r!/ q I and his oousio, Mist Margaret Sftmas. q If Ariden aunt. They were to mike the toSrft ! Northern lakes,aad to settle downfoea|ririw£ '4 weeks in the Lake Superior region, wimZr time for the graud climacteric at J the parting glories of the seaeon at 13 He wanted a little outing quite to irinftrift said, and said it as one who wasia esmm"?® was something new for him. He wai'wassls men fond of being entertained, aod rttodtodu --f be made much of;- fond, too, . afha-riJS \- kind, and usaally quite to be red' esoort duty. His mother and sisters fcsdnifefl efrated is ft first, hntl» told them that, uhyju ' ?-j in attendance, they surely would not H| M And Miss Miargaret Sturgis, his coosntton.'1 % Utoed that Ac was quite right. I started for the north west, and he for thenufef emt at about the same time.. He bad himself witix the multitudinous equipment - I angler, and already he had stopped m two orthn ,1 diffrrent emali villages in New Hampshire, frig; eoifar-tofiada spot which the trout and he tot /J wgreed jn approving. 'f J f 'At last, one evenn, he was staipsg it the heeutifol Fomigowaaset valley, and thp eoBsetffhnry apoa the hills and over toyS qoil river. lAey were just entering a lifcUsyStoql anii he turned hia eyes by chanoe— still yopiee, was playing him as if he M beaarcii on axhass-bosri — away from the river, eitoal .;<! wi|h sunset, to notice on the other side s tol|| turesque old house among the trees. As they aw m opposite foe door, he mm standieg in it iriT / wloee lovely piquant face flashed on hu a moment and- then vanished; as the alpge daw, m after the manner ofhisteibe, whipptoopMitiid herses infcoa wild spasm of deeahicg enatoi j order to drive up in stete to the hotsl, ai-M Plielpr had msant onl to kpend the night in little viUage of Biverside ; but it hegaBite'-lseit| tlike a good trout region- When re iBtos iaxge comfortable riiamhsr etok|J| the river, his couT iciidn streDgthened ; iadly-' || ifoie fie toted: tfi'. ntotlytoto%Wl t ed supper» hs ns nis toat if the wet come thezeikwat soarooh the worse "tremt. - : Xeeft eiimmer aaoutt wwt rating as he vmtto onitfae piasm, mto he stroScfi'away in ttoto# :: /ing fUmmer xht, and wefit-but thiB;wrtf|di nnhfihea' an/? -nnk Jltt fam Into iswf dearii J -codnt of Destiny— toward the houte tfltoto j ha eeen the vision of freehj young' the &orlray; ft was a nictureeqne eld square house, fche Voaf "rtoptog up on smi to || toward a sqoaro meetioo, which wrt.p|(ri'4;« large- sized canflh. 'Theiteert fluk eto'ihsjbto .thw Nqw ISsglaiid hoaae were olfisiifi'toteH enAnglf for ah' RngK park — haaikty-kwkiq trots, though thfj.hej— gad to pbinNeuSD 1 people. luib that Word belonged, as if ft w 1 aot a moekeiy to tatk-of transiwat wstoto?- thi piaOek as owning the stdid earth. ths«topl hifis, (to whispering trees, that wars 'henpTTl before toey dame $ that will be here, tiid warmth and light of aatocartrtluteM j sf toam brief -fMwie -are dtat. Bhwto I perty mock its poeaemor with itsewn peto|W,il Tfatoa vs oniy eBe Frpprtetor, hecanse vhoi3to QQMart juiportwtioBa; andwho w q eaijl, ' Tbeetotk t too Lord's, he mndwtlto W ; - setoet of owaerahip. ; But Wallcr JEtolps was oot of a ipsedlfef tetoof mind; ha only thougte of (he h&uieating; an eld estate. 'Bneofourpteft? q BtoUud ytonuuxry/ he muaed, w h0H»yS | LkWy have lived herej for generations. Itoi 1 top8® teems fclhtest aa atroog as todJaM IfoilLon nbut that girl lwked tttildi imustiiewerth knotting, if one oocld J tot a way. But she isnot tbe girl, nrtdte1";;! ptople as live here tod pcojfie, to permit »Bf | '»«WPtoti fpgnUitofr/. . Just toon Destiny took up the cards toiid ttoffufor linu — - ? AlSoree oamc tesring along the eounwy | at a frightful pace. fttookenly a 1 top liok<|. jo toit; he was running Veliime, a sort ef doctor's sulky» wasswsyteiB aide to side, andlooowna had eTidert0l>jj g otHsrol of theTthcbdhorse. 1 XMiid. A in front of 1 toihed sqldattly and sharply, animal had tense enough to turn with "i/HDli Jra3e#htegtoptevtot thiag to fdeosa against teW etona w»; js was no laokef piuto orofmosdd »l.TOj Philps. Hehad been stroke eereivm crew m odUege— he hwi idtemd i iSSSjKj and foiew how and where to use ft. leismrriy to ward the hortp»lto 1 ess riUa dftruqfo as if he ware m a highway, mnoh surprised, no doah >t 1 to his high.footed prortoBjS_ ig I Much rttitAVmimJ mm j the interior of the carnage; 'I had been calcu lating the probabilities, and had about conoluded tW unless I should be saved by a miracle, it weald take a better surgeon than I am myself to St my bones. If you'll hold this blood-mnd- I Sander quadruped a moment more, FU get out I and lead him home. . . I With which words a portly man of a little past I fifty descended from the sulky and reaohed out for I Lsfme'kwp it/ Walter Phelps eaid politely, I wnnare somewhat shaken by your adventure. I jit me lead the beast home, or drive him, as you I pl«0b, home is just hero, and you will come in I ud let Bessie thank you.' I Could the young beauty be this man's wife r h t no the idea was monstrous. A shuffling I Mrfc of farm himd had heard the noise by this I time, and came round te the gate. I «T»ke good care of this beast and rub him 1 daim well, for he's been having plenty of exer- W mid the master, coolly ; and the horse was I l!d away, and the two men walked up from the I front gate to the house together. Already the beauty of Walter Phelps's sunset vision was in the I WeHi Miss Bessie,' the master of the house sid cheerfully, the new horse has been running 1 vav. I stood a fair chance of being daBhed to I Jm sEainst the stone wall; but when I had I ?ust said to myself that I could only be saved by I miraole. this unknown hero caught my horse by I the bit and Bared me. It only wanted that I should have been a beautiful and belated damsel, 0f a hoary old country doctor, to have it I read lib® Pa8 ®ut of a novel.' m sou are better worth saving than any belated damiel I know of/ Bessie said, as she kissed him ; H « gnd how I thank the " miracle" that saved you jm| r no words strong enough to tell/ < xhe " miraole" is Walter PhelpB, by name, at your service, and only too glad of so easy an op- I nortunity to earn your thanks. I am staying at the hotel, near by, and I will call to-morrow, if I may, to see whether the adventure has had any more serious consequences than appear at Pr«The more often we see you the better,' his host answered with cordial hospitality, and Phelps fancied that Miss Bessie's eyes seoonded the invitation. . ' Paps is forgetting to tell you that he is Dr. Orsnd≪/ she said, as she bade him good night ; 1 the only doctor in the place, and you've done a good many people a service, whea you kept his bones whole/ So Fate had been, was it kind or unkind— only ft, future oan say whioh — to Walter Phelps ; or let ui osll it indulgent. He walked baek through the moonlight to his hotel, in a mood of mild self-congratulation. She was certainly a girl — Htbey were a family—on whom no impertinent H intrusion would have been tolerated. He might hire stayed iu Biverside all summer, angling in jHyain for the opening which destiny and his own itaMike mueoles had made for him to-night. He was born under a luoky star. But just there Boneoienoe pricked him, and asked a question he Heoald not evade. Why did he want to know tbiB Bessie Crandali — what oould she be to him— why should he seek her ? He stood still, and answered the inquiry — answered it all the msre defiantly Ibeesuie he knew he waB wrong. H 1 1 want to know her just for pastime— and hy Dot? Are men and women like tinder and Htint that they cannot meet without falling in In this dull plaoe any interest is a bless- Big. Ho doubt I shall entertain Miss Crandali, L much as her beauty will please me ; and when he summer is over it will be autumn all the same, rhe'her we have amused ourselves or been HH Mr. Phelps went down late to breakfast next koming, and found h mself a hero. Dr. Oraodall Hft&d; driren by, and stopped to tell the landlord jHfoe story of his reecae. Phelps had saved from fcident the most popular man in the village, aed jBie Tillage was determined to make much of him. ledid notgo over to Dr Crandall's until afternoon K-bs would not be in haste, or intrusive. The HBootor was not at home— possibly he had counted n this in timing his visit— but Bessie received im with s satisfying welcome. I took it lightly last night,' she said, ' but I jBvBver slept all night for thinking how easily be right hays been killed ; and he is all I have in m world.' Walter Phelps begged her not to humiliate him y too muoh gratitude for a servioe which cost, un nothing beyond a momentary exertion of ptsngth ; but her tbauks and praises were very feasant, nevertheless. He leaned back in his uir and surveyed her critically, from under half- taed lids. She was a lady, certainly. His Daiin Margaret was no more entirely well-bred — ut how different they were— as different as ice Hpd fire, flesh and marble. Bessie was silght and Nome and girlieh of figure. She had great, dusky w, out of which the child's eagerness had not st faded, though the woman's longing and pas- on were in them too. Her hair was dark, with hb soft ripple in it. Her features were piquant, taer than regular — the broad, sunny brow, the J w quite straight, the sensitive, sweet outh, the clear, dark skin, the rounded cheeks IVtare the oolour came and went— you oould not k for anything brighter or lovelier, or yet more VBsfsnt from the absolute perfection of Miss jVjNgaret Sturgie, not one line of whose classio Nm aa artist would have ventured to oritioise. ibsu manners were as unlike as their facet perfectly refined, but Miss Sturgis had aplomb and self- possession, the unvarying calm- r®pose whioh .oome only of careful train- K ide social experience. Bessie, on the ' w»b swayed by her impulses, as a I ? 18 blown by a summer wind. These BeB» however, being always pure and sweet, UftQlt - a woman'y an< gracious soul, the Ee ,aB quite as charming as the more reason ouiiepiflmeBt a or woman. Uacon ahthese compajjiBonB drifted through the : a mind Miis Slu>-gis was the woman lEn ' a8 from his mother and siatcre, he had 1L 0Bfc in his life, and of whom he had ananwingly made a standard of coai- : 0f other women. Bessie was so I / y mhke her that there was a charm in this study. ! m?Li jU8tice» he pursued it faithfully. He !Eut kj be tbere for trout-fishing ; but the to few- There wm always a ? King to see Bessie Orandall, which i nt admit of delay. He sent to town for lBe th music— and one by one he must n?m to her. He had a tenqr voice, full of sweetness, and he sang to her while ,K 8 Bcct>mpanimentB. If he went fish- mu8.80 to show him the way. Hone of proceedinga disturbed Dr. Crandali. The 1,1 whioh their acquaintance began had made the dootor friendly He wM glad to inake the return of a cheerful and oordial hospitality. As fer Bessie, it never ooourred to him that the was in any danger. If it had been suggested, he would have eaid that he Anew Bessie, and she wasn't the girl to fancy every acquaintance a lover, or to lose her heart until somebody asked for it. " In this last, he would have been right ; but there are more ways of asking than one. Walter Phelps spoke no word of love, bat the songs he sang were tender with some passionate old poet's devotion and longmg — the books he gave her were euch as a lover would ohooBe— and his daily eagerness to see her told her more plainly than words how pleasant he found her society. She combined in her nature the fervour of a woman and the honest simplicity of a child. She was too inexperienced to ask herself why he did not %peok — it was suffloient for her that he teas. Her heart had been like a tight-closed rosebud when he oame ; and its petals, were opening already to the warmth of this new summer, of whioh he was the sun. Meantime, he, poor fellow, was not quite com fortable in his mind. This acquaintance had not been less pleasant than he imagined it would be- but it was growing too serious. Hot that Bessie had in the slightest degree thrown herself at his head. She was too delicate a woman— too shy beneath her frankness— for anything like that. To save his life he oould not tell whether she really cared for him or not, and he was beginning to long ardently to know. Yet it was a question that he must not ask ; and he began to see that from asking it he could find! no decent, not to say ohivalrous, escape. If he had been wooing Bessie Orandall for his wife, he could hardly have done more or ether than he had been doing for nearly six weeks past; And bow; his family were im peratively summoning him. They had returned as far as Saratoga ; and, in this haunt of the well- dressed, they found one escort for them all an insufficient allowance— be. must have oaught and eaten trout enough by this time to turn his brain into phosphorus, and really they could spare him no longer. He felt thqit he must go— at once, that is, .to-morrow. This afternoon he would pass with Bessie. As he went towards the house where he had spent -po many pleasant hours he . felt himself a coward. Gould he go away and not tell her the truth ? Would any truth however hard or cruel, be so ignoble as to depart, leaving her, if indeed she oared for him at all, a prey to the vain expectations he bad done his best to create ? Would — but he paused. Fate must settle ft ell. Perhaps she did not oare ; and if so no harm was done. But all the while he was conscious of alhfld, miserable longing to see the light of love in . her eyes, and to kiss the sweet, sensitive mouth, trembling with its first words of tenderness for him. He went in, and found Bessie in the great oool parlour, flagrant with flowers. She was a creature of in finite variety; coquettish. sometime® argumenta tive sometimes, serious sometimes, and never twice the same. . This afternoon She was change ful and brilliant, and elusive as the humming-bird that flitted in and out of the rose tree under her window. Her mood tortured him. If he was brat&l;, that torture perhaps was a slight exouse— but then brutality is so often the resource of a perplexed man. If he ealy knew whether she cared for him ! If not, he might spare himself the confession he had to make— bat how oould he be sure? He drew a picture from his pocket, a little miniature painted on ivory — the face of a woman pure and proud and cold — icily regular, splendidly null,' he had said to himself this very day as he looked at it in his own chamber. " I believe I have never shown you this,' he said, handing it to Bessie— de you think it is handsome ?' 'Your sister P' she asked, looking at the picture carelessly. ' No, my cousin, Miss Margaret Sturgis, whom I am engaged to marry.' He had longed to know whether she cared for him ; hut in that moment I think he would rather his doubt had remained unsolved. She turned suddenly white to the very lips. As long as he lives he will never forget that momentary glimpse of her, with all her young warmth and brightness gone — a woman of stoue. She was both proud and brave, and she would never lower her flag to the enemy. In a moment the colour had come baok to cheeks and lips, and her voice did not even tremble as she an swered, quietly— ' Yes, she is very handsome ; oie of those beauties about whom there can be no question. I congratulate you/ He had been shocked when be saw that she suffered; but now her swift composure piqued him, and he Bhowed it iu his tone as he replied— 'lam not sore that I am ready to be con gratulated. Marriage, at best, is an experi ment.' ' I think yon are disloyal to your couBin/ she said, with a little aoorn in her tone, ' when you receive my congratulations iu suoh doubtful fashion/ . 'Would to heaven that were my only dis loyalty !' he murmured, in so low a veice that Bessie did not feel herself obliged to hear it. She led the conversation in quite other channels ; and jested and mooked and sparkled, so that if he had not seen her white fiaee of stone for that one revealing moment, he would have believed that she oared not at ail for all the summer that was passed. Dr. Orandall had returned before he went away, and the parting was general. The next day he went to his oousin. A profound student of human nature eajs that, in marriage, the certainty, She. will never love me much/ is easier to bear than the fear ' I Bball love ber no more. It must be much the same with lovers. - There had always been a vague though possibly mistaken impression in Walter Phelps's mind that his cousin would never be very passionately in love with him j and that had never much troubled him. Passionate love, he thought, was not in the line of her temperament ; aud he had been. , well enough satisfied- without it. Her grace and beauty had charmed his taste, her preference had flattered his pride ; he had looked forward with pleasure to being the envied jhnstnrad of d much- admired woman, whose very coldness was his : security, since she was sure never to iurn coquet tish or light minded on bis hands; ' -rr But now a terrible fear beset him lest he should never he abje to love her."; He had 'not guessed how deep an impression Bessie had made on him until he felt how savourless the1 calm faultless beauty ' of Margatet Sturgis had ifco&ne.; Invo luntarily he was constantly contrasting her with Bessie; as at Biverside he had been trying Bessie by her standard. It was like passing from a gallery of paintingis alive with oolour and glow and brightness, ioto a ball of soulptured marbles, still and pure and white, and oh 1 so oold. There are those who like the marbles best— who see is them a noble grace, the more sensuous aft of paintiBg oan never reach— bat Walter Phelps was not of these; He missed Bessie's radiant little free with its dark beauty, her gay laughter, her sadden moods of half-pathetio tenderness ; she was a woman, yon perceive, after his own heart, while the homage he had paid to the other for so many years had beea but the clear perception of his intellect. He had never been used to self oontrol ; no experience had taught him to submit patiently to disoomforts of mind or body. He was uncom fortable now ; and his boyish impulse was te run away from his uneasiness. He had not yet learned that trouble is like the ghost whioh had tormented a oertain worthy family for years. The good wife finally concluded to move, in order to escape him ; but when the last load of goods was on the van, a neighbour passed that way, and said, 3e you're moving ?' Yes,' cried the ghost, lifting from among the bedB and cushions a voice of congratulation : ' yes, we're all going.' Walter Phelps had not learned that all maladies which are of the spirit have wings by right of birtb, and will fly with us wherever we go. He thought Europe would have resources enough to putout of mind one little, brown, mooking face. He would try it. Miss Sturgis should go with him, if she would. He could take her over to the old Greek marble women, with whom Bbe seemed to belong. What if she should choose to turn into stone there, and live on for ever in a white dream of beanty ? He laughed at his owa oonoiet, and then went to his cousin. With an altogether unflattering abruptness, he proposed to her to be married at once, and catch the next steamer lor Europe. The mood to go was on him now — he bai no patience with waiting— as for gowns and things, they were plenty there as blackberries in Hew Hampshire. Miss Sturgis was a thoroughbred, self-con tained woman of the world ; but she was neither without heart nor without perception. Whether the Hew Hampshire in his comparison suggested anything to her I do not know ; but, at any rate, she had no mind to be married in an unsenti mental haste that did not even pretend to excuse itself by any passionate ardour of love. , She refused his proposal with quiet firmness; and I do not think.he was at all sorry to start upon his travels alone. Europe diverted him, ho weverr less than he had expected. He spoke American French, and it did not open to him aay wild delights of a social nature. He would have gone home in a year, had not the problem of his life waited' at home for his solution. He sought for light en it in all the accustomed directions— he wintered in France to no purpose — he passed the next winter in Bome, with no better sudoess. A summer in Switzer land, and another in northern Europe served him no farther — and at the end of two years he weat home, just as puzzled and unoomfortable a man as when he sailed away from Hew York. Meantime Miss Sturgis had been thinking. Would a lover who had loved her have stayed away two- years? When he had asked her to go with him had it not been with a make- the-best-of-it air ? These thoughts were in her mind when he re turned to her, and asked her if, St last, she wsb ready to name the wedding-day. She looked at him with a carious expression of inquiry, just touched, or at least he thought so, with scorn. This is sweetly courteous of you, I am sure/ ehe said, in her cold, clear tones ; ' but I want to understand you perfectly— do you ask me to be your wife because you love me with a love that would choose me out of all the world ; or because, after our understanding, in the past, honour con strains yea ?' cIt is late in the day to ask that question,' he said, with what indignant manhood he could summon, ' now that you have been my promised wife for years.' She smiled — a smile whioh promised him no consolation. ' Wei, I will change the conditions, then. I am no longer your promised wife. I withdraw every pledge I ever made you. How, if you seek me it must be afresh. Yeu have thought me a cold woman ; but I tell you any man would marryme at his peril who could not give me the uttermost love of his heart. Itr would be a treason I oould never forgive— I should be inexorable as death. Do not speak one word more to me of marriage, unless you know, in your soul, that you love me with a devotion that is absolute, exclusive, and for all time. He rose and bowed oourteously. - ' You have chosen,' he eaid, 'for wsat reason I am unable even to conjecture, to break the bonds- that bound us — to cast doubte upon a feeling you seemed in other days to find satisfactory. AgainBt such caprice I am not skilled or patient enough to contend. I will not torment you with entrea ties — you shall be, as you have chosen, mistress of your own future.' He made his exit with dignity, as be thought. Her eyes followed him with a smile half soornful . aBd wholly sad. ' So go four years of n lifetime/ Bhe said to herself. The very next afternoon found Mr. Phelps in Biverside. The image of Bessie had taken on new charms, now that to win her seemed possible. One woman had weighed h:m in the balance and found him wanting. There would be sweet and full amends in the greeting of this less judioial oharmer, who had never seemed disposed even to oritioise him He found a cruel oonsolation ia remembering the swift pallor that had overspread her face when he showed her Mies Sturgia's picture. All through his hurried journey he had been picturing to him self the sweetness of her welcome. How the young cheeks would crimson, the dewy eyes gleam and glow, the sweet mouth tremble! That there would be any difficulty— that she might be es tranged, or cold, or dead even, never once ooourred to him. Two years had gsco by, bringing change and experience to him, as was natural, but she — surely she must be stiil just that same half-opened rosebud of a girl— like a flower in a picture that " biddeth fair to blossom soon. : But it never, never blossoms in this picture, and the moon Never ceases to be crescent, and the June is always June!" He went to see her at about the same hour on which he had seen her first. Hs asv the house hold prays. They would be tbi$$gh tea — the doctor would have gone out— she would be alone. He would have the long twiHght,Gte sweet summer evening, in whioh to mfcke hie happy, to sun himself in her soft joy. He half thought he should find her iu the door, as he had seen her stand so often, white robed and fair. Bat he saw no one when he drew near the house. For the first time he thought, < What if she. were dead !' and shivered as he knocked at the door. A new servant answered his summons, and his inquiry whether Mue Bessie was in. He sent up his card, and then waited for her in the parlour below, his heart beatisg as no woman had ever made it beat before. She looked at the bit of pasteboard and, smiled. He had come again, then — this man who held her heart ia the hollow of his hand, that other summer, and played with and pitied it with a poor-thing negligence !' She took a sheet of paper and wrote on it s— 'Do not come to-night— I will tell you why, to morrow/ This ehe gave to her maid, with a few words of direction ; and then looking a moment in the glass — for who does not adjust his armour before goiBg into battle — she went down stairs. She was not quite the Bessie Walter Phelps hadexpected to see ; yet he oould not have defined the change. Certainly she was not less beautiful. If anything her sparkling changeful face had gained in charm. But there was an added self possession in her manner — \ new pride in voice and gesture. This was not a girl for any man to love and ride away. Hor, sincere in his purpose, did lie find it easy to tell her . for what he had come. She had some new power over herself and others. She chose, for a while, to keep the con versation on in different subjects. She wished to take a fresh sense of this hero, whom star had once ruled her heavens — to see, w;ith her matured powers of perception, what manner of man he was. Would he be able to stir her pulses with - any of the old thrill? She thought not — but he might try, if he chose ; it would he well that she should be altogether sure of herself. So at last she let him ask the question for the : sake of which he had come. He was too much in earnest, now, for dainty gallantries. He aBked her in a few plain words to be his wife ; and she answered, with a little spice of wickedness, for she Was a very human little creature ' But your oousin, Miss Margaret Sturgis ! I supposed you had married her, long ago/ ' Ho, Bessie, you made that impossible. I only found out how well I had loved you after I had left you. Margaret was too clear- sighted to tie deoeived, and when she' guessed my secret she gave me up. Hcver fear but I am honourably released. I am yours, now, if you will have me/ ' I am afraid Mr. Bobert Niles would object,' she said, demurely. ' Who is Mr. Bobert Niles ?' She answered with deliberate cruelty, bearing in mind the very words with which, two years before, he had turned her to stone :— ' My friend, whom I am engaged to marry.' Walter Phelps was proud. There is pluck and oourage in the jmne sse doree He; too, remem bered the old time — the old words. ' I congratu late you/ be said, as coolly as she had spoken the same words of old. ' Thank you/ she answered, ' I know Mr. Niles so well that I do not think my marriage will be an experiment.' Just before he left'her, his heart softened over her, and conquered hit pride. ' I have loved you very dearly/ he said, 1 and I did not guess how well, in that old summer ; but I knew afterwards that I had-never really cared for any other woman. Is it too much for me to ask, in the name of all I feel for you, whether you love this Mr. Niles ?' Her nature, always as exquisitely true as it was exquisitely tender, impelled her to the frank ^con fidence, whioh was all Bhe could give him now. H he were reallyiaoble chough to rejoice in her happiness, site would make him sure of it. - ' Yes,' she said, riith grieve, svreet seriousness. ' I love Bobert Niles. I was very neftr to loving you;1 two summers ago ; but l felt that yeu treated me ill. You bad played with my heart for pastime,- but it was a prouder heart than ryou knew. You hadnmused yourself with me, careless of what you might make me suffer, while - you, yourself, were engaged to another woman. When I knew the truth, it aroused against you .my pride and my indignation, and they cured my budding love. Since then I have known and loved Bobert Niles, and he satisfies me /entirely/ Walter Phelps looked at her in the soft summer dusk — this fair woman who was notfor him. He knew that he had sold his birthright fer a mess of pottage,' and that for him there was no place for repentance. 'God bless you for a sweet, true woman, whosever wife you are," he said fervently ; and then he went away from her in the: twilight,- out of : the peaceful - old house; out of the lilac- bordered yard : oht of her lifef or ever. Rumour says that sometime after that he tried to win back Margaret Sturgis and failed. She married his younger brother John, who had adored her with single-hearted devotion sinee that summer when he did escort duty at the Northern lakeB in place of Walter, the absentee. John has never been- known to Complain that his wife was oold. He prefers his stately white lily to any other man's ardent rose ; and there are those who testify to having seen Mrs. John Phelps in her nursery, and heard her talk sweet, foolish, idle baby-talk as rapturously as - any common mother of them all. V So you perceive our trifier wasted no one's day; but kisbirn, in his pastime. . The two women neither- ef whom he quite knew hbw to lovo steadfastly, were happy in spite of him ; and , he — we Can afford to pity him, for he is very mtioh alone. Nor does he enjoy loneliness. Gertein plati tudes about love sure "much in fashion, implying that man's need of love is less than woman's ; but thre are men and men, as there are women and women. Walter Phelps is precisely thfe kind of man to covet domestic1 life. f Dissipation, as I said, does not attract him, for hiis nature is refined. He has money enough without looking for it, so he has not the excitement of business; He has no political ambition ; nor has he the tastes ef -a student. A happy heme is - precisely what he needs; but he threw his chance for that- away in his youth. Remembering the past; he has - a vague idea what E love is ; and he is determined not t® marry without1 it.- 86 ever since he has been pursuing a hope that has Constantly eluded ! him. He can never, tryhbw he will, « feel again the glow of hiB heart that warmed him when he waited ! bat last day /or Btee ie', in the old house Biverside. Seoifcty faas ootne at last to look with mild oonteitopt upon his patient experi ments; ' . !'"/' I danced with him last night-i-a well -preserved ef forty-fiv ei-and I bonder if he, as well as I, heard an all- wfre young chit of seventeen, in the insolent pride 'of youth and beanty, say to a pretty hoy of twenty; who was holding her fan— 'Just see what airs he gives himself, that old beau/—" Soribner's Monthly" for November 