THE CHESTERFIELD LETTERS OF 1873. Br Lobd G H . Your last letter, my dear friend, has filled me 'with anxiety — I may almost say alarm. When yon say, with Mr. Moore, that yonr only books are women's looks, yon are only expressing an inno cent desire for amusement; but when yon tell me that yon wish to confine yourself to one book only in future, and to a book which yon wonld be obliged to peruse ad nauseam, I begin to tremble for yonr reason. "A young man married is a man that's marred and the idea of yonr falling vulgarly, grossly in love, is so ridiculous that I could laugh, were it not that I feel more inclined to cry, over yonr insanity. Tell ing me that "her" society is" heaven, forsooth — There are no bargains driven, Nor marriages clapped np, in Heaven. And in the name of all that is foolish, with whom could people pass their even ings if they were to many those whose society wss most pleasant to them f That she has no fortune, though it is an overwhelming obstacle, is still less a calamity than that yon should so easily put aside my precepts as to contemplate tying yonrself at yonr age to any one for life ; still, if you are of so shallow a nature that yon cannot exist alone ; iij like poor weak Adam, yon must call down an eternal curse npon yonr pos terity by yonr want of independence, let yonr fettering be called an alliance, not a marriage ; let there be something in it almost historical ; something which gossips and Plutua worshippers may smack their lips over. If yon most give yonrself cause for repentence, remember that, as Dr. Garth said, 'Tie best repenting Jn a ooach-and-slx. Weeping in a one-horse' fly is terrible work. Then, my dear foolish boy, how could yon write to me in such a strain 1 Pretty yon say she is ; bat " all women axe alike in the dark," and after the first fortnight yon will be as much accus tomed to her as yon are to the old cane- bottomed chair, about the looks of which it never strikes yon to think. Besides, let her beauty be what it may, why should yon provide yonr friends with an amusement yon thus deny yonr self 5 The only man who cannot amnse himself with a pretty married woman is her husband ; so that, if yon marry one, there is one lovely creature less in the world for yon. Remember, too, that when yon marry a woman of this kind, yon lose all your smart friends ; for how can yon take the same pleasure in the company of Captain Sprigginson, or of Reppy Dian (of the Foreign Office), as yon once did, when yon know they are wishing yon at the devil, instead of in yonr own drawing- room, and are trying for opportunities of casting sheep's eyes ait yonr wife, while yon vainly attempt to recall them to their old easy-going friendship with yonrself % Besides, con sider the vulgarity of all this business of falling in love with a view to matri mony. -Do yon lite being classed with a bargee or miner, who gets himself up in pStentWfher hoots without stockings, and wbnftf pp Isyatder Jrid-gfocred . >Jf v. .. v . . fingers to Sal in the tea-garden which is the scene of their Sunday out 1 When he fetches her a " buss " between his sips of half-and-half while she #its coquettishly on his knee in the arbonr, remember it is only what yon are doing in a riightiy different manner with your young woman — and yon and she, witting glum in a ball-room corner, or bring dis covered hand in hand on the staircase, are far more ridiculous than any bargee or bargee's sweetheart could ever make themselves. Why, the love of the ap prentice who sings a comic song in imi tation of " the Great Vance " to his master's daughter, the love of the bottle- nosed policeman for the cook, the love of the croqnet-playing curate for the " ear nest " slipper-working yonng lady of the parish, the love of the respectable butler for the lady's maid, with whom he intends some day to set up a public, the love of Sir Suobby Skittles (the Republican member for Camberwell) for any one except his wife ; all these are refined and elegant attachments com pared to your calf-love for . this bread- and butter miss. There, is no sentiment in it ; there is no novelty ; everybody knows what you say to each other; everybody knows at what point yon take her hand, and why you and she look so melancholy in public. Half the dolts aronnd yon have done it themselves, and uncommonly sorry they are for it. You are treading in the steps of all the fools in the world, and you are despised, as people always are, by those whom they imitate. I won't tell you — for I am ashamed to go back with yon to the A B C of Society — of the very small probability of vnur RnnilRP l-ptainincr vnnr affection, and continuing to yon hers for many months after yon are made one. We all know that Since 'tis Nature's law to change, Constancy alone is strange, and those who are surprised at what always happens, deserve — to be married ! But I will ask yon to look around yon and see how some of yonr yonng married friends get on. There is the housriiold where the wife is a flirt, which is miserable. There is that where the husband is a flirt, which is wretched. And there is that where both are flirts, which is disrepntsble. Then there is that where neither amnse themselves in this way, and make np for it by continually nagging at each other and quarrelling over trifles ; tears and oaths are the older of the day ; and far into the dark watches of the night may be heard the shrill tones of female remonstrance, or the gruff murmuring of male snlkiness. " A ghost is not so dreadful as a scold," says Addison ; and every woman born is a flirt, a tyrant, or a scold. Go and stay with a newly-married couple that have, as yon suppose, every reason to be contented and comfortable. Watch Edwiu's anxious demeanour as Angelina commits some gaucherie which never struck him as gauche at all when he was only her lover ; remark Angelina's aspe rity of tone as she replies to Edwin's ap parently innocent question, and then coutrast it with her sweet smile and voice as she turns to yon — you whom she snubbed so unmercifully when yon would stay in the room where she and Edwin wanted to be alone together. Are they ever alone together now — except, of course, when the etiquette of onr country demands that they shonld be — yon won der. And if they are, do they talk about anything bat Angelina's extravagance, the lowness of her dress last night, or her dancing six vatees running with Reppy Dian, or of her always being late for dinner ; or do they perchance sometimes get off these subjects to Edwin's staying so late at night at his club — there is ho objection to his living there all day — or of his bringing that odious Mr. Batche- lor to dinner so often, or of his prepos terous affection for the Breakdown Theatre. All I can say is, if yon stndy attentively the inner life of these Edwins and Angelinas, yon will require no more sermonising from me. Women are charm ing creatures, no doubt, but no woman is nice enough to be a wife ; whatever her charms, she would madden yon as the Greeks thought a sweet perfume wonld madden a cat True, yon benefit Society by taking a wife, bnt as yon do so unconsciously and unwillingly, there is no merit in the performance. If you most marry at all, let it be many years hence, and be done in a respectable man ner ; following the example of Sir Tun- belly Clumsy, who is, they say, about to lead old Lady Tootatoo to the altar ; he required a busy energetic woman to keep his hoose in order, and she, glad of a haven after the stormy waves of her animated life, and having, luckily for the baronet, plenty of relatives on whom to vent her spleen, and still plenty of youthful lovers on whom to lavish her ; splendid affections. And, talking of Lady Tootatoo, it has always struck me that there is a good reason for marrying a woman who paints her face ; namely, that she is natural (when her paint is off) only and solely to yon her husband. A thickly whitened woman has also her advantages (as we do not, lite Plutarch's elephants, go mad at the right of white), for she cannot possibly blnsh to your dis honour when there is; incompany, a men tion of her cher and. Do not, my dear boy, be tempted to matrimony because of A temporary ill- success in the more legitimately fashion able kind of love. If yonr fnends are 1 successful, you are always sure of amuse ment ; for, however sentimental for the. moment their' successes may be, "on pent trouver des femmes qui n'ont jamais en de galanterie ; mais il est rare d'en trouver qui n'en ayent jamais en qn'nne and when they share the fate of husbands, and are elected for Par liament, or are persuaded to "go to their clabs," then it is yonr tarn. To con clude this distasteful subject, I can only warn yon that no charm on yonr part will mate yon an exceptionally favoured 1 husband ; remember that Pasiphae, tbe consort of a prince, was enamoured of a bull, Titania of Bottom, Ac. ; and if yon, with yonr eyes open, join company with one who will become in a few months yonr mortal enemy, for the felicity of bring able to "jaw and brawl and maun-, der " at one another daring the term of your existence \- 'Ill we can do for your assistance Is to afford you our amsr-ment, and I shall be ashamed of owning your relationship to myself , and forget to re member ..yoh -in my last will and testa ment. - - fgrmulriod is moat certainly man — I use the term not in the Biblical sense — women are only a pas time in England as yet, and no exertion of Mrs. Garret Anderson, or of any other energetic hommefemme, will make them otherwise ; if they do ever become .a stern reality, a vile fact, a serious insti tution, they will have only to thank their own selfish absorption of. all the wickedness intended for both sexes, for their ruin ; for snch it would be. What De Quincey says, in his " OpiumlEater," of a language, is true of them : the less you know of them, the more sensible you are to their melody or harshness ; and what female cannot be melodious if so she please ? If the sex must be brought under tbe microscope by themselves ; if they will brave the fierce light that beats npon those who aspire to be more than second in the race of earnestness ; senti ment and romance will be crumpled up like withered rose-leaves, and we shall attain at last the realisation of onr Spur- geon's " original idee." Then will ram pant vulgarity join greasy hands with superficial smartness, while, in the battle of the sexes, the foremost champions will be those who are scarcely worthy to bear arms ! To return : you shonld cultivate a lit tle more the society of yonng men. Are you tired of yonr present friends ? let me offer a few others to choose from. There is Harry Browne ; the Honorable Harry Browne, a Lieutenant Colonel in Her Majesty's Fourth or Chanticleer Regi ment of Guards, and member of Parlia ment for Ballykilljohnstown-Kennedy- borough. Can yon resist his deep musi cal voice, his slow impressive manner of stating the most evident trnism, his UvttUvlllU UQUC1 1U UllUOCllj AIIO OliCUUlU contempt for all others, his graceful at titudes, and his riches ? What does it matter if his father did make his title and earn his position by selling books, buying votes, and lending his wife; Harry Browne is the son of but I mnst not write scandal to yon, my dear nephew. Suffice it that he is a man whose friendship yon shonld cultivate ; and if yon find him dull, conceited, and woefully igno rant, remember that he is beloved of many dowagers ; that even the Honse of Commons, when he addresses it, generally about himself, with one hand in his waistcoat and a look of ineffable modesty upon his lips, is awed into attention. Then there is yonng Lord Thistledown — of the same type as Harry Browne ; younger, better educated, if possible, more conceited ; certainly with better manners : a Whig by birth, a Tory by conviction, a Liberal by interest ; imbued with a belief in his own abilities which a successful moving of the address in an swer to the Queen's Speech gave rise to, and which will cause him, to bore the House of Lords until his death : a yonng gentleman whose unblemished character and capacity for ignoring every rule of modesty will keep him high in tbe world's esteem ; bnt who will no more attain greatness or achieve fame than he will govern Ireland or teach a woman to poke the fire. Then yon are in duty bound, as a smart young man, to be hail fellows well met with all the buffoons of society, such as Bnbby Shenstone, whose wit is only in when brandy is in too ; and who is a pitiable object when un wound up ; Johnny Pitchcap, whose best and only joke consists in breaking inani mate objects, and who torments his old annt. Lady Juno Gobble, ont of her life ; or Coddy Botham, the popular Foreign Office clerk, the dnllest yonng man in Christendom, if he had not snch a curiously large month and such fishy and prominent eyes. Bnt I am growing per sonal, and personality is worse than puffery ; " poor falsehood grown necessi tous," as Carlyle calls it. I broke off my letter at this point to peruse one just arrived from you. Your announcement that the yonng lady to whom yon wished to present yonr for tune is engaged to old Lord Bored fills me with pleasure ; what can it matter that he is older than her father, Sir Thomas Griffin? or, rather, does not that very fact fill yon with pleasurable expectation? How pleased dear Lady Georgina mnst be ; though all the Griffin girls have gone off so well, she can scarcely, in her proudest moments, have expected Lord Bored's frizzled head of hair to bow before her skill Yonr resolntion to pay a few visits in the country is a most wise one : invita tions to country houses are a real test of popularity : but it behoves me, as yonr mentor, to warn yon that the first honse to which yon are going, Mantrap Hall, is a most dangerous place. Yon will enjoy yourself mightily there ; for it is the Eldorado of eldest sons, the paradise of partis. Let me anticipate your visit The warmth of yonr greet ing by papa in the front of the hall is only equalled by the heartiness of your welcome by mamma in the drawing- room ; while the good-looking son shakes you knowingly by the hand, and from the odonr of his shooting-coat yon infer that smoking is not forbidden in Man trap IlalL Then just as mamma has finished ascertaining from you, in the pleasantest and most incurious manner possible, where you have -been and what yon have been doing lately, in comes the eldest daughter with yonng Lord Beau regard, and is delighted to see yon : yonr natural impatience at the sight of Lord Beauregard being immediately dispelled by the entrance of the second daughter, who is, yon see at once, the one for yon, «s she gets yon, with a knowing smile, the .glass of sherry yonr sold longed for, tits down by yon on a little stool, yon having unconsciously dropped into an arm-chair, and asks yon so tenderly abont yourself and your journey, that yon feel pleased and flattered; and say proudly in yonr inmost heart : " I knew it— I was sure of it : there is one victim at least to my power of fascination." Then how pleasant is that game of hilliards before dressing-time, when -the yonng lady . plays just well enough to matra a game of it, but just badly enough - to let yon beat her— although yon, of course, had given her points. How thoroughly at your ease she puts you by her pleasant, genial manners ; and how small her waiet looks as shestretchea across the table to make that cannon. 1 Before you -have triumphantly scored your fifty you have quite forgotten that . she is uot blessed by Providence with, perfect features, and that ehe "came ont'- while you were bring flogged at :Eton : and, despite yburarif,- your splen did manner deserts ,you, and you find I yourself balking ; to her with all the esse I wtd (dxmdon you osefit yonr plplv allowing her to chalk your cue and pick up your pocket-handkerchief without thinking of protesting. Then, when your game is over, the eldest sister comes in — this time without Lord Beauregard — and before she has been in the room ten minntes yon see how yon have been mistaken with regard to her, that she does not care twopence abont the yonng marquis, but has taken the first oppor tunity conformable with civility to slip away from him and to share with her sister the honey of your conversation. As you dress for dinner — the son having carefully come with you to yonr room to see that yon are comfortable — you con gratulate yonrself on having fallen into pleasant quarters, and deride that though the yonng women may be pronounced passees, ugly, and scheming by a censo rious world, they in reality possess one of the most glorious of the virtues — viz., a profound admiration for yourself Then, as yon sit at dinner, adorned with the bouquet Miss No. 1 had reserved espe cially for yon (at least, she said so), and hear them talk of tbe poor people, listen so prettily to papa's old stories, and give way so good-temperedly to mamma's little contradictions, yon make np your mind once for all that they are good, honest, unaffected girls, with: whom , a man might make himself thoroughly at home, aud in whose company there is no more danger than in that of yonr too long- lived grandmother. It is not till yon come - in next day after shooting, and find one of them pre pared to take off yonr boots, while ano ther mixes that invigorating decoction she promised yon last night, and for which yon have longed through the last ten turnip fields, that it begins to dawn upon yon that either of them wonld make a very comfortable wife ; and yon forth with think which of your friendB might do better than take one in that capacity. At that moment my dear . boy, yonr danger is extreme. When a man thinks a woman wonld do for a friend, he is not for from thinking she wonld do for him self There are no idle moments at Man trap Hall : gnests perpetually come and go ; there are in-door and out-door games of all kinds ; the yonng ladies are always running np and down in killing costumes with knives and umbrellas, and hatchets and pitchforks, and all kinds of odd and clever instruments attached to their waists, aud with the most wonderful of feathers stuck in their becoming hats. They look best out of doors ; these young ladies; for they are tough and fleet of foot; and can cany on a flirta- tion under circumstances — at a hot corner ont shooting, or while taboginning down a snowy hill — which would make most man-huntresses pause ; while good condition prevents that fear of nose-red ness, which poisons the enjoyment of so many of God's creatures on a fine win ter's day. Whatever yon do at Mantrap will be applauded by the Misses Man trap—if yon can scribble rhymes, here yon will be a more popular Tennyson — if yon can make a noise and call it ring ing, they will accompany yon and dnb yon Mario — if you are a comic man, how their dear thin rides will shake with laughter — if you are a good shot, how they will count the game you kill — if a bad, how deftly hide your confusion and admit privately to you that they think shooting a stupid amusement — if you like talking of yourself they will flatter you as Louis XIV. was never flattered — if modest, how gently they will reprove your modesty — if you are rich, what Plutus-worshippers they will be (and here they will be true to their nature) — but if you are poor — — No ! If you were poor, you wonld never see the in terior of Mantrap HalL There is one thing which excites your cariosity about the establishment. Who is that humble- visaged, melancholy- looking youth who sneaks about in comers, never or rarely joins you out shooting, or in the family walks, who seldom speaks — and if he does, is not listened to? Tbe agent's clerk, you think, or perhaps Sir John's amanuensis, who has been guilty of a small pecula tion, and is pardooed, though not quite restored to favour, in this benevolent happy family. No 1 He is a poor re lation, invited to Mantrap because Lady M. cannot have it said of her that she never asks her relations ; but stinted in his food and drink, and forbidden to harm a pheasant or ride a horse, because no possible good can come out of him for the dear girls. If you happen to find this ont, and are silly enough to feel in dignant at it, those dear girls will take good cam you have no time to indulge the feeling ; and you will before long begin to share their more sensible dis like to a man born without a good ba lance at his banker's Yet, cunningly as the Mantrap meshes are woven, it is sadly true that the big fishes do, somehow, manage to escape their net. Men are strange animals, and the evident desire to please them evinced by the Misses Mautrap is, alas ! too often pnt down to its. right motive, instead of being ascribed, as it onght to be, to a universal philanthropy. Still the bait here— for those who are not stricklers for personal beauty — is very sweet. Miss Tiny sings— perhaps, her voice is rather cracked, but . her eyes mate up for a peat deal in expression. And she sings songs (especially aimed at one listener's heart) in the gloaming with a certain tremble in her lower notes, which is veiy attractive.- Her attitudes at all times are most pic turesque; the way in which she will kneel at you feet to pick up her crochet- needle is terribly heart-softening, and the variety of little arts conducive to a yonng man's comfort which she has learned is perfectly unique. Miss Maria makes such a fuss, aboui any little talent she has discovered you possess, and impresses you so forcibly with her desire to be amused - fay your amazing waggery, or instructed by your in- tellectual converse, that you cannot avoid a glow of self satisfaction when with her. When they both combine forces, and take you upstairs to their room, and put yon .into the big arm chair; and poke the -fire for you, and each.. bring their little . drawings, and carvings; and illustrated cookery books, and bosom, friends' letters, to lay at the feet of your connoisseur-tiiip, you can not hut feel a heartless brute for getting -out of the door unengaged. I imagine that in one of their drawers, unopened by strange hands, we might, find a set of rules drawn up hy.Lady Mantrap for their guidance, which would run some- tiuitothaeffect-- &fle; Nd. -l. Findoat what a man has. „ So. 2. Unci ont what ho doeg. , Rule No. 3. Find out his male friends I and make up to them. | „ No. A Become bosom intimates I with his sisters, if any. I And after these only three roles for his subjugation : — I No. 1. Flatter him. I No. 2. Flatter him. I No. 3. Flatter him. But brevity it very good " When we ere, or are not; understood," and my letter is already too long. You will soon hear from me again. In the meantime I trust you may acquit your self honourably daring your rambles ; and take especial care that those pre- j sumptuous young spinsters who form designs upon yonr freedom, may " — find the total of their hopes and fears Dreams, idle dreams I " ! Yonr affectionate uncle, G H . F.S. I find that in my last letter, by a slip of the pen, I attributed the line, " Silence in love betrays more woe," Ac., to Lord Chesterfield. You of course are aware that they are -from Sir Walter Raleigh's song, " Wrong not; sweet mistress of my heart." 