PRESBYTERIAN TEA MEETING. Tub Tea Meeting iu' connection with the Too woomba branch of tho Presbyterian Church took plaeo in tbo Town Hall on Thursday evening, and must bo pronounced an unqualified succeda. The room and tho tables woro most beautifully decorated, while the bountiful supply of refreshments, and the artistic laving nut nf the tablos- was far In excess of anything of tho kind we have scon in Toowoomba. A groat deal of this success was duo to tho harmony ana goodwill that porvadod the congregation, and tho general heartiness and earnestness with which all worked together to promote tho comfort of tho assembled guests. It is estimated that from three to four hundred persona partook of tea. Alter tot a publio mooting was hold la tho Presbyterian Church. Tho building was neatly decorated with flags and ovcrgreons, conspicuous among th« former being tho splendid banners nf tho Oalodonion So ciety. Tho Rov. W. U. Mcikoljohn presided, and ho was supported by tho Hev, Atexandor Hay, M.A., tho Rov. J. T. Warraker, the Rov. P. Robertson, and tho Rev. J. Hausmann, The choir of St. Jamcs'a Church, with tho obolr of 8t. Stephen's, under the ; leadership of .Mr. Cox, sang several hymnB and anthems during the evening, and wo but express tho generally expressed opinion when wo say that tho singing of tbe combined choirs was ths finest yet hoard at any publio enturtainmont in this town ; and that it was fully appreciated wasovideat from tho hearty way the aualenco gave a voto nf thanks when proposed by Mr. J- T. Walker, and from tho cumtriondatory remark! it called forth from tbo Rev, Mr. Hay. ' Mrs. Sabine presided at-tho harmonium, and played with her usual good tasto andjudgmont. Prayer having been offered by the Rov. P. Robertson, and an apology given for the ob- annnn nf tho Rnir. T. Alirnhnm. The Rov. Alexander Hay, M.A., addressed tho meeting. Ho remarked that tho subject on which ho proposed to address tUetu was ouo of very groat Importance tint only to tho Pros byterian Church but to All tho churches hi -the land. It was this — " How aro we to retain our young men and voting women in the Church for privitogo and work?" It may bo said that tho Sab-, bath School bad been established for this object: the purpose of thoSabbAth School was first tolustruet our children so that they should grow up Into good and useful mou and women— into true Christians in word and deed ; and secondly, to innko them zealous and active tnembors of tho Cliuroh — that is, to bring them into association with their fellow Christian-! as Christians, and so to concutitrato and intensify the iufiucuco of their CluUtiaulty in tho world. But tho Sabbath School, as generally organised, provided only for tho. wants of tho boys and girls, and/ tho question remained — " Whit wero wo to do with tho young men and maidens?" Betweon the Sabbath School and tho Church thore was a gap which must bo bridgod-over. That gap corresponded with tho period when the moatal faculties and tho moral ten dencies woro In most activo development, and when influences for good or ill woro must fruitful. Every thuughtful person had felt tho supreme necessity of guiding (ho young aright at this critioal stago. and mauy had attempted to solvo tbo probiom both thoorotically and practically. Ho could therefore scarcely hopo to say anything that was now or that had not boon better said boforu, The difficulty was felt chiefly with regard to tho young man. Tbo moro devout and trusting spirit of woman,1 and her more retired walk in life, saved her from many or tho speculative doubts and tomptntlons tbat besot the path of man. But ovon in regard to ouryoung women tbo question was not without its importance. The question, as bo wished it to bo understood, did not mean how aro wo to tnako our young people Wesloyaus, or Congregationalism, or Presbyterians, or Anglicans, but how are wo to moke them Chris tians, and how aro wo to make the most of tholr Christian influence iu the world. This could be dono. ho believed, by helping them io connection with tho Church. Howduen were we to deopen and fix tbo impressions produced la the family and In tho Sabbath School so that onr young mon and young women shall giro thomiulves to the Church and publioly identify themselves with Christians and tho Christians' course? 8omo would answer this question by saying— lot us aim at the conver sion of our young people, let us ho content with nothing short of that, and they will seek privileges and work in tho Church for tlictnselvoi. Tbo con version of tho young was undoubtedly tho Supremo object of tho Sabbath School, but the difficulty wss this, that a large numborof our young people, whose' character and conduot proved theiu to lo Imbued with religious principles, lieriUte to tako tbe filial step in Christian profession. They were looking to Christ ns .their 8aviour, and were striving to follow bim, yet they could not be Induced to publicly asso ciate themselves with their fellow Christians by coming to the Lord's Table or taking tholr pArt in distinctively Christian work. Tbo remedy for this statu of things lay in instruction and employment. Instruction In Christian truth must bo continued as long as possible, and emplopmont in tbo service of tbo Church must be given ns oarly as possible. To speak first of tho former : We ought to have such arrangements In our congregations that we should nover Jet go the hold on tbe young until tbey woro brought to tho communion table and to a decided profession of tho Christian chiracter. For this purposo advanced classes should bo a recognised part of tho machinery of every congregation ; and the end will bo tbe more likely to be gained if there were one class for tbose who aro just emerging from pupils who were entering on manhood and woman hood. Young mon and young wcuuon should not have their pride subjected to tho trial of having to sit in classes alongside of boys and girlu. Ho would here refer to a point of sorno delicacy. Sliould young men and youug woman meet in tho'so classo at the same time? Ho said tbey should, lie had never seen any harm, and bo had seen that a little good came of it.. It greatly promoted the attend ance of the young men. Tho young people got acquainted ; perhaps they como to likeono another, then, as Mr. Darwin would say, tho- principle of ''natural selection" came into operation, and uu- suspected sympathies were discovered, and these by-and-bye developed themselves into life long affinities. Thero would be fewer desertions from their Biblo classes if tbey kopt in view tbo scrip turo doctrine, that " it is not good for roan to bo slono"— if thoy laid common sense, and kindly human nature, and the sweet gentle breath of love, under contribution to help them .In their work, Much of tho difficulty that had boon found ia re tabling the young for Church privileges and work had sprung from non-observance of the principle on which thoy should bedoaltwith. We must remem ber that they wero no longer boys or girls, but tbat they had beguu to think' for themselves. B'icli pupils must bo permitted to sit among the doctors, hearing them and asking them questions. The teacher or such an advanced class must be a com bination of the elder brother and of tbe president of a debating class— sympathising with bis pupils in all their difficulties, encouraging the freest euquiry evsn Into tho tnost sacred mysteries, and welcouiiog tbe faintest expression of thought, however opposed to that which bis instructions aro intended to ug- gest. lie mUst bo one who was far moro anxious to illustrate ribo humility of tho earnest enquirer, conscious of his own ignorsnco, tbsn to exact differ- once and submission on account of superior talents or knowledge. There was s time when tbo exposi tor nf a mere cut-aud-diy system of divinity would be placed in charge of such a class ; hut that time had gone by. Tho great characteristic of oar ago was an impatience of systomstic theology- theology fossilise!, if ho might so term It. A host of sciences, somo of them only Id their infancy, some of them scarcely named, some of thorn cer tainly cot baptized, are suggesting question which touch in many points those truths which are most surely believed among us. Even tho investigation and discussions of professional theologians bavo of lata yearB shaken the faith of many on not a few subjects of great, if not vita), importance. Kvory mail brought hundreds of newspapers and maga zines that informed tho young around us that in inauy quarters men were ulippiuz the old moorings, and were entering upon a pjsso; v r« ' Very ovejr. .>iyW,niwwagfegSa2Sm---'LiL!i— was no uso blinking at-thosp facts, Wo could not shut our eyes to them. They must - be met fsco to faco and boldly attacked. He once knew a teacher of a class of young men whose usual reply to puzzling questions was " You should uever raise ghosts you cannot lay." Tbo offeot on his pupils was not to banish the ghosts or to dissipate .thorn. In thin air, but to give tbetn body and sub stance and a permanent abode in the minds of the yonng mon.- To meet the wants of - tho young tho simple truths of the gospel, .which .must bo tho substratum of all teaching, must bo supplemented .with higher in struction. Tho Biblo should bo mado a study as far as possible in ' its broad principles, and in the orgnnio connection of its parts. It sliould bo studied in its external history as well as in ths ovidcnces of its divhio origin, Thoy muht aim at showing that pur most holy faith Is neither a cun irmgly doviaed fahlu, nor tno crmlo fiction of super-' stltion, but that It bears the hunramatur of its divine origin. We must strivo, above all things, to present religion to our youog ponple not as a combination of cant, and gfuotn, and austerity and all unchsritablcnoss ; nut as a thing to make people whlno, and wear long faces, and quote scripture when driving hard bargains; not as consisting in denominational pride, axclusivouess, and assump tion ; not as depending on priestly orders, or minis terial ordinations or " eelsinaticnl inlllinory ;" or ip your worshiping in church rather than chapol— or in chapol rather _ than the , clutrch, but as as a healthy, tionoat, manly, beautiful thing, showing Itself in purity and good works, and In the mainteu- nncu of a conscience void of offonco towards God and towards mon, through faith in our Lord JesusChriit . . Hut nfter all thu grand solution of the difficulty in regard to tho young people lay in enploymont, Tlioru was a large boarding school iiroiiojuf the uni versitios towns of Scotland, tho Principal of which was fatnoua over . the length and breadth of the land as a disciplinarian. Uu was eminently successful Indoaling with tho incorrlglbles, Ho did not sparo tbe rodj but the rod was not his last resort. If the' rod over failed, ho soot the culprit to bed until ho should surrender nt discretion, which ho generally did in two or throo'daye. That, was his form of capital punishment. It a boy was diifioult to mauugc, ho gavo him something to do. If he noudod much looking after to keep lilm out of mis chief, he sot him to look after others. In fact he gave all bin wild fellows posts of responsibility and hunout. Thu ruv. cruntlomim than nrncecilod to point out in turolblo terms, how employment couM bu provided for thu young mou aud maidens of the congregations, aud Uuw the lessons thus Inculcated in the suggested advanced clasncs could ho turned toaccouut iu after life, when the pupils had en tered upon tho'dutlos of the world as fathom and mothers and luun of bunions, nnd proceeded— then there was the wide, and, an.uug some nf them, tho almost uncultivated field of Christian song. Thoy loved their uoblo old i'salma, and tbuir find old Psalm tunes, They bad onmo dowu to thetn hallowed with tho associations of tho timo when oil mountain and moorland thoy wuru sung by tho martyrs and confonnors of tho covenant. Another monument of that timo ho could nut help telling ilium of in passing, lie had seen, ainuug the wild hills of Uullfcway, tho labia seats where tho covenants partook of thu Lord's Supper. There they stood, two t.oublo rowa of largo stones on which tho communicants had sat as tho symbols of the Lord's sufferings woro passed from hand to baud, aud at ouo eud ot tho rows there was a rude cairn which had been tho pulpit of tbo minister as he gavo the table address. There too, a little Apart, wa-t a large boulder with a oupdlko hollow hi.it, which served as a baptismal funt, where fathers and mothers, -In tbe dead of night, in those dork days of perseootion and blood, dedl cnted their children to Uod. Those Psalms and tlioso Fsttlro tunes wero sung amlddt scones and on occasions snoh es these, and they loved and prized them accordingly. But thoro were rich trcasuros of chaste and beautiful poetry, and of chaste and beauti ful tnuslo, of wiricn other churuhes hail availed themselves and which they had fouud to bo poworful attractions to draw the young to tho house of tied. Would they nut be mure strongly attracted to tlto Church if tbey could always bear thu sortieco of praise led aa it bad been led that night? Ho should like to see their worship brought more into har mony with the spirit of the ago and country'- Other churchos were giving attention to this, aud if thoy were to keep their ' youug peuple to the Church of their fathers, they must recognise this fact and grapple with It; aud iu grappling . with it they would not only find employment for tho young peo ple, but promote their ilevutlnn and deepen their In terest iu the House of God and the cause of Christ, The ruv, gentleman rosumed his scat amid pro tracted applause; " Pilgrims of the Night" was given by the obolr Tho iter. J. T. Waraiter then addressed the meet ing on the subject of " Thuroughuuss," aod illus trated his subject by many forcible hits. . Ho dwott upon the necessity of the " thorough" minister, who would not weary his congregation with an oooao of unmuaniug platitudes, hut who would tell homo truths, and In such language thut all could under- stand him. He pointed out, however, that if oon gregatious desired " thorough" ministers, the con gregations themselves must bo " thorough"— that they must be thorough In supporting their minis ters and iu uoabling thero tube rolloved of tho caret and Auxiuiie of inouetary mutters. Tho newspaper editor, lie said, who needed brain power to edit bit pupor, had an ever changing series of topics on which tbuxurcise his moutal faculties, and supply those excitable mutters which people now-a-aayi looked for ; but the clergymao had tue same subject Hutbatb after Sabbaih to dilate upon, aud if congre gations wished their ministers to devote their timo to study and proparo thorn good and wall digested discourses they must be " thorough" in providhig tdein with tho munns of subsistence at all times ana nt all Masons. The "thorough" politician and tbo ' thorough" commercial man were dwelt upon in a vory happy ununiur by the lev, gentleman, and in relcieueolothu latter he related au amusing instauoo of the adulteration of articles of trado by a seein- iuirlv Christian merchant, aud concluded an eoer- getic and forcible address by urging ugonbls hearer tbe nucusslty above all thiugs of Deiug "thorough" Christians. Mr, Warskur'wos waituly applauded on resuming his seat. The Iter. Mr. Hausmann sang a solo on King David." The lior. P. fiobertson then addressod tho moot ing, and humorously related what an elder of the Church had impressed on him when inviting hint to bo present at that meeting, lie was to coiao'- prepared with a speech, nud nut be like some other invited ministers on previous uvcusions who had come fully prepared with au apology for tbeir un- pio|iaiuducs, or else hid wearied the audlonco with the fag cud of a set uiuu. lie had prepared hlmielf hut unfortunately he found bis reverend brelbrstt who had preceded iilui had taken up . his subject, aud had said nearly all bu had intended to say. Ho had Inteudttd to speak uu " Conseoration," or aa his rev. friend Mr. Waraker had put U, Thoroughness" Thu rev. gentleman thou epukt warmly and ener getically ou tho desirability of consecrating tboir lives aud a portion of their ueaus to (iod, and illustrated iris subject by rulatlug, most humour ously, several quaiut anecdutus. lie said he was uot quite a minuter yet, but be was tho makings of one, uud he hoped yet to bo enabled to address thattt a a respouslblo minister of Christ, Ho alluded to a reverend frieud of his who hid dedicated his threo sons to the ministry, and of whoui. two hod laid their bones in a foreign land, victims to the deadly Influence of the cliiuuto, and be iuipresied on hi heaters that it was such self-denying acts of do votiou of this kind that elevated the ,uhar actor of tho chriMtiou, and wliiuh it was their dnty toltnitato iu this luud, by supporting their cburoh sod their ministers. i The speech of the revereud gentleman was most cfleetivu, mid he was heartily cheered at its conclusion. "Bound the Loud Timbrels" was rendered by the choir most effectively. Mr- Sterling recited "Locbiel," from Sir Walter Scou's Mariniou,"os a substitute for sumo absent gentlemen who was to have given au address- Votes of thanks wero given to the Ladles, for tho. excollcut tea provided, to the Choir, and to tbo Chairman. The Diaurissiou Hymn was sung by fim eudieucu. The Chairman pronounced tho benediction, and the meeting, which was most interesting throughout, was brought to a close. The treat to the children in attendance at the Sabbath School took tilace yesterday alternoou In the Town llall and adjoining grounds, and was as 'gi uxla success as tho tua meeting. The children numbeied over 3u0, aud the parents of mauy of tbem were present ou the grounds. Every thing passc-votf most successfully, tho only rogret boiog \ exposed by the youngster that the day hiul como 