THE STAGE. m AH plaoei of amusement have been well patronised in Melbourne during the past week, which may be looked upon as a gala one. Large numbers of Hpoountry people, who had oome down for the raoes or the review at Fiemington, flocked to the various sources of attraction, and a glorious business was done all round. The Theatre Royal was crowded on Saturday night, when the performances were under the patronage of Sir George Bowen and Lady Robin son, who, with their respective suites, were present. "Struok Oil, or the Pennsylvania Dutchman," and " The Fool of the Family" were seleoted for the ocoasion, and they never seemed to have given greater enjoyment before. On Monday night, however, a special interest attaohed to the former piece, which was repeated for the delectation of a large number of out side volunteers, who, after having been reviewed at Femington were all the better enabled to enjoy the scenes in which John Stofel, the raw recruit, drives his drill-instructor almost to the verge of self-destruotion. The laughter was at many times eo loud and well -sustained that Mr. Williamson had to use much, comic dumb show ere he oould speak his Hues, and get through the ordinary business of the piece. Mrs. Williamson also played, sang, and danced in her very best style ; while Mr. Stuart O'Brien played his villainous part, the Deacon, better, or rather, more villainously than ever. "Struck Oil" and "The Fool of the Family" will be played for the last time this evening. On Monday night Mr. Williamson will take a benefit in the Theatre Royal as Asa Trenchard in 41 Our American Cousin," a favourite play which has not been performed in Melbourne during many years past. This is looked upon as one of Mr. Williamson's best parts, and a great success is anticipated. Mis. Williamson will appear as Mary Meredith, and Mr. R, Stewart in his old character of Lord Dundreary. On this occasion (only) Mrs. and Mr. Williamson will play in " Kerry, or Night and Morning," a piece which has given very great satisfaction in this city. The Opera-house was well attended on Satur day night, all parts of the building being filled. Lecocq's admirable work, " La Fille de Madame Angot," was received with unmistakable [satis faction, not only by the strangers who, after having visited the races, saw it for the first time, but also by those who have become habitues of the place ever since the piece was produced. Miss Winston sang and acted joyously as ever, and a marked improvement was noticeable in Mrs. J. H. Fox s Clairette. Miss Wooldridge, too, played her part better than before, though it cannot be looked upon as one for which she is specially suited. Messrs. Beaumont and Farley always siDg so well that it would be cruel to call more marked attention to their acting, which is not quite so spirited as it might be. Mr. Daniels will always deserve credit for the humour which he throws into the Police Officer, and Mr. Bell's dancing must be admitted to be of the best, though why such a character should ever have been introduced in such, a work is more than we ean yet understand. On Monday night there was another excellent audience, prettily variegated by the bright uniforms of those who had attended the review. This evening Mr. W. B, Lyster will pro- dace, for the first time in Australia, the operatio drama " Rob Roy," with all the original music by Sir Henry Bishop, Bcored and arranged expressly by Mr. John Hill, K.S., R.A.M. It is looked forward to as a treat of no ordinary kind. Madame Oarandini, with her accomplished daughters Fannie, Lizzie, and Mre. Cotterell, Mr. Sherwin, Mr. Sam Lamble, Mr. Cotterell, and Mr. Landergan, had excellent attendances at their operatio and ballad concerts iu St. George's- ball on last Satuaday and Monday nights ; and fair ones since then. The entertainments are of a high class, and deserve to be. patronised. The musical portion of each is unquestionably good, and the comic business of Mr. Cotterell is both olever and amusing. Mr. J. C. Rayner, lessee of St. George's hall, his recently received a telegram stating that Professor Sylvester, the Fakir of Oolu, had left Southampton for Melbourne in the R.M. steamer Peshawur on the 22nd ult., and may be expected here about the 16th prox. On Monday night the 74ih entertainment of the Melbourne Deutscne Liedertafel went off very successfully in Hookins Assembly-rooms under conduct of Mr. Julius Siede. Tha attendance was considerable, and a number of good musical selections, both vocal and instrumental, were given by Mrs. Cutter, Signor Oecchi, Sigaor Susini, Mr. Buddee, Mr. Montague, Miss and Master Kruse, etc. Several choruses were well sung by the members of the society. The Kennedy Family brought their Melbourne season to a close by a most successful entertain ment in the Town hall on last Saturday night. The large building was well attended in every partj and the " twa hours" were very pleasantly spent. On Tuesday the Kennedys left for Sydney, where they were to open next Monday. After doing some of the adjoining colonies, they will return to Melbourne about July next, when they will give their final season prior to their departure for the land o' cakes, The' sudden change from the genial oliinate of Adelaide to the cold and insist atmosphere of Ballarat does not appear to have agreed with the members of the Italian Opera Company. The Conner of Monday says that several of them " were seriously unwell last week. Signor Dondi was the first attacked, his complaint being a severe cold. 8ignora Magi was tihe next to suc cumb, and she was confined for three days to her bedroom, and only recovered just in time to take part in the opera of 1 Pipele' on Friday eveniBg. Signora Palmieri was attacked on Saturday with rheumatism, and could not therefore sing in the opera ef 4 Semiramide' that evening, the resnlt being that II Barbiere di Siviglia had to be substituted for it. With the exoeption of the latter artist, all the members on the sick list have now happily recovered." We are glad at being able to state that Signora Palmieri was sufficiently recovered to be announced to sing in " Un Ballo" on Wednesday night. The company will open in the Royal Princess Theatre, Sandhurst, en Monday under conduct of Signor Zslman. Amongst the passengers by the Oaliforoian niftil IaIoivba aJ Jmam. G-. J tir t . """i ituiu oyuuey on ju-onaay nigaCj were several old Australian favourites, including Madame Anna Bishop. Mr. and Mrs. Sohultz (Madame Anna Bishop), Mr. and Mrs. Darrein (Mrs. Robert Heir), Mr. 8nd Mrs. Hoskins (Mies Florenoe Colville), and Mr. and Mrs. Djuglae (Miss Docy Mainwaring). What is to be done with all this talent has not yet transpired. On the 4th inst. Mr. Fairolough opened in " Hamlet" in the Queen's Theatre, Sydney, and mace a favourable impression. He was supported by Mr. Holloway, as the Ghost ; Mrs. Holloway, as the Queen ; Mr. Wolfe, as the King ; Mr. 0. Holloway, as Horatio ; Mr. Martin, as Polonius j Mr. M'Gowan, as the first grave-digger j Mr. Jerdan, as Laertes ; and Mis3 Julia Morton, as Ophelia. The Girards have recently been performing in the School of Arts, Sydney, where their contor tions and antics have somewhat astonished the natives. They are supported by Mdlle. Azella, M. Verletti, Miss Clara Lea, and Messrs. Aokland, Barry O'Neil, Feuillade, etc. 