The Suez Mail. The P. and O. Company's steamship Golcouda arrived off Glenelg early this morning with the Jdglisli mails via Shoe. The Golconda left Galla on the 31st ultimo, so that the voyage between Galle and Glenelg has occupied about nineteen days. A Mr. Whitlaw, or Whitelaw, a surgeon, formerly a resident of Melbourne, died in the Infirmary on tho llth instant. .A flockniaster in this neighbourhood informs us (Forbes TimcsJ that from one flock of a thousand ewes, 1» has nn increase of one thousand aud twenty lambs tills year. He Btates that tho ewes look in finst-rute bickle, and are well able to rear twins. Mr. Small, well Icnown as a character vocalist of mwh ability, arrived from Dunedim via Melbourne, yaMerduy. Mr. Small is en route tot Cliln,, botwu™ vmch place and Naw Zealand ho has established trad ug relations, having retired permanently from the stage. A new preeeptory, under the Koval Black jUapter of Ireland, was formed on Friday last, at the oresters Hall, 'Waterloo, under the name of the Moutray Preeeptory. The Mayor of Sydney (Mr. S. S.Goold) the Grand Master of the Orange societies in hew South \\\ ales, was in the chair, and about sixty ltoyal Ulack Knights were present. 'Tlie weekly meeting of the New South Wales iUliance for the Suppression of Intemperance was held the abovo hall, last Wednesday evening Mr J levies presided. The gentlemen who addressed the' neeting were Dr. Nield, Messrs. W. D. Cavanough kown Wbocl, Berry, Whately, and Myers. After ttveral signed the pledge, the meeting closed about V o clock. | The Xarcastle Chronicle says that by the steamer landenong, from Melbourne, there arrived no less lan twenty-three navvies, consigned to the care of iV Cross. The navvies were forwarded bv the nlf-pa6t 1^ train to the new railway extension ' Mr Fakeford, the contractor for the new line, is the per -n who has engaged these men, aud he is still short The order of service for next Sunday afternoon at St. Andrews Cathedral is as follows; 'Magnifi- cat, Arnold, in A ; "Nunc Dimittis," Latrobe, in D ; anthem, 'O Holy Ghost,' by G. A. Macfarren. Mon day being the festival of St. Matthew, there will be an evening service at the Cathedral, when the choir will give R. A. Smith's fine anthem, "How beautiful upon the mountain, the services being Kempton's in B flat. A passenger by Cobb's coach from Echuea to Deniliqmn, on Thursday last, reckoned thirty-seven Irays on their way to Echuea with wool, chiefly drawn -y horses. Allowing each dray to contain ohIv four ons, there must (says the Pastoral Times) have been HS tons of wool between the towns namei Wool is low reaching Deuihquin in largo quantities. The oads being m good order and the weather agreeable rreat progress is made in eottin^ tlm wnni tn v.i,,,.. ' As the Manly Beach steamer, Royal Alfred was ionung up the harbour, jester^y,' with her now S the Kemblas passengers, the smill steamer, Sir larles Cowper, was met near Pinchgut, in distress -lie little vessel had carried away her feed-pipe, and ras helpless. _ She was on her passage from Watson's ay to Sydney. Her passengers were taken on board be Koyal Alfred, and the disabled steamer was subse [Uently towed to the Ciroular Quay. The Macedon, which arrived iu port yesterday .rought ft valuable consignment of pure-bred merino ams, principally from the flocks of Messrs. Gibson .asmania, and Shaw and Learmonth, Victoria It is I that Borne of these sheep cost as much as £200 ach. On their arrival they were passed on to quaran me by Mr. Inspector Ye-, where they will remain wo months, and go through a process of dipping f ter which they are destined for Riverina, principaUy o the station of Mr. Armstrong and M'Beau. In connection with the Woollahra Municipal e°t!?n'/? S'.^18 Of tixe frienda aad supporters of Mr. J. C. Neild, was held at the Oddfellows' Hall ''j* eLeni?f- Ab?nt 300 r»t-»paycrs were present'; ind, after the meeting had been opened by the chair aan, Mr. Samuel Goold, J.P., the candidate addressed Hie assemblage for about three-quarters of an hour ind replied to several questions, to the evident satis rachon of his hearers. A vote of confidence, moved )yMr. W. Hezlet, J. P., seconded byMr.H. Stone was carried unanimously in Mr. Neild's favour. A rote of thanks to the chairman, moved by Mr Neild md carried by acclamation, closed tlio proceedinirs ' The steamer Kembla, after grounding at Brad ey s Head, arrived at the Patent Slip Wharf at a [uarter to 1L After discharging her cargo from New astle, and again loading, she was ready to start at loon ; but was detained by the Government Engineer nspector. This gentleman insisted on her bottom ieing examined by a diver, and it bein' impossible to ecure the services of a diver without delaying the essel and making it impose-Me for her to complete her usual yoyage in time, the Government Sogineer withdrew her passenger certificate for the trip from Sydney to Newcastle, forwarding the same to the authorities at Newcastle, ponding an examination of the vessel by adfar at thut pert. Telegrams wets Bent to have a diver iu attendance on arrival of the fioat. After thorougly examining the vessel's bottom Had re porting that it had sustained no injury wlialever. the certificate was returned by the authorities. TLe Kembla left Newcastle for Sydney as usual with the full compliment of passengers, and left Sydney at her usual hour, 9 o'clock this morning. One of our (Pastoral Times) staff met in Mel bourne the other day a man who witnessed the first dray load of wool that was ever passed through Mel bourne for shipment. It is now more than thirty years ago, and Melbourne people were then jubilant They employed a fiddler to play 'See the conquering hero conies' before the dray as it passed slowly along drawn by a dozen bullocks. Messrs, Goldsbrough's wool stores now. hold upwards of 50,000 bales at a time. Occasionally these enormous premises are hardly large enough to hold the wool consigned for shipment to this eminent firm, and there are several other huge wool depots in Melbourne. Attached to the shipping office is a small anr unpretending room, on which is painted ' waiting room for seamen.' The place is intended for seamer: waitins shipment, or paying off, and iB supplied with a few papers and periodicals. It affords shelter from the weather, and precludes the necessity of sailc-. lounging at the corner or seeking a port in tho nearest public-house. By. forwarding copien of their papers, proprietors of journals would be doing our tars some service, and help to while away the time which the dearth of something to read renders somewhat irksome to a deserving and useful class of our pojiulation. At a special meeting of subscribers to the Bur rangong Pastoral and Agricultural Association, for the purpose of considering tlie advisability of altering the date of the annual show, the following resolution was carried : ' That the ne»t exhibition of the Burran gong Pastoral and Agricultural Association be held during the week of the annual race meeting, and also that the show of shocp be held at such a period as will bo best suited to those classes, viz., in the month of August.' Mr. W. Allan, late of Geraldra, who is about to leave the district, and who at the meeting was described as the originator of the association, was made a life member of it On Monday evening he was entertained at a public dinner. An advertisexent informs us that Mr. Raworth, artist in water colours, hopes to be able to proceed on his projected tour to New Zealand about the middle of October next. He has been prevented from proceed ing on Ins journey sooner, by a severe and dangerous illness, from which, we are happy to say, he is recover ing. We are Rurc that all lovers of art will rejoice at thisgcntteman'erecovery ; for the Australasian colonies are too poor to lose any of tho sons of genius residing in them. Mr. Raworth s object in making a rour through New Zealand, is to delineate New Zealand scenery. His pictures are not fancy sketches, but actual portraits of existing landscapes. Two very fine specimens of pure-bred stock - an «ntire colt and a bull— were shipped, yesterday (says the Arpus of the 15th), for Queensland, in the s.s. City of of Adelaide. The colt is the produce of the imported Clydesdale stallion Earl of Menteith and the imported Clydesdale mare Nellie, and has been purchased for Mr. Hugh Neill, of Galloway Plains, Gladstone. The bull, Major HopeweU, is a young roan, the offspring of Royal George and Duchess IV., the sire of the latter being General HopeweU, and is the property of Messrs. J. and W. Bell, Gladstone Both animals were bred by Mr. M'CuIloch, #f Essea dou. An old Waterloo veteran named Samson Phillips, who, for some vears has been an inmate of the Albury hospital and Benevolent Asyslum, ilied very suddenly on Friday nfternnon (says the Murray and Hume Times.) Old Sam, as he was termed, usually visited I the town once or twice, a day, and on his journeys I frequently rested himself on the bank of a culvert near ( to Mr. W. Jones's timber yard. On Friday afternoon J the poor old man, who was very feeMe and walked J with the aid of crutches, sat down at his customary I resting place, and whilst there quietly passed away. He was fuund about half- past 4 o'clock, by a son of Mr. Jones, quite dead. Blondin gave an exceptionally good performance m the Domain, yesterday. The attendance was very fair, the day bright and sunny, nnd the Chevalier in more than usual good spirits. AU the pretended slips and false steps so well known now, were given with exceedingly good effect, and wou loud applause, especially the thriUing four jns in the baskets. Tho . children of the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institution were present at M. 151ondin's kind invitation. To-day, which is the last performance before the night cshibi- : tion, the chUdren from the Training-ship Vernon will be present. The programme is varied somewhat, and for the new feats we must refer to tho advertise ment. A tea and social meeting in connection with tho It'1'*™' *'»'»--'y to the Sydney Mission was held iu the New Temperance Hall, Pitt street, last evening. About eighty ladies and gentlemen sat dowH to tea, after which S. Thompson*ook the chair. After prayer the Rev. Mr. Robinson addressed the meeting on the subject of the fmances, and stated that as two new missionaries had been appointed, the subscriptions would have to be increased. Already the expenses were over £1000 a year, of which only £800 had been subscribed during the past year. Addresses were then given by Messrs. Freelaud, Gully, and Druco, mis sionaries, and the Rev. W. Ridley, M.A. During the evening Major Robinson presided at the harmonium and sang sevfi-nl hymns. The Rev. A. W. Webb closed the meeting with prayer, shortly after 9 o'clock. The 'Wandering Heir1' lias had a run at the Vic toria Iheatre unprecedented in these times, when a piece usually occupies the bonrd for two nights at the furthest. It is not only a plea-sing play, apart from its mconiprehensihility, hut it is mounted weU and the scenery is excellent. The view of Dublin, in the first act, when the heir is abducted and carried off in a boat on the river Liffey, is better painted than most pano ramic scenes, and the dioramic effects are exceUent. The willow pond, too, in the third act, is an exquisite piece of scene painting, aud does Mr. Setwri^ht infinite credit. The set scones reflect credit also on the painter and mechanist alike. The acting throughout is capital, and altogether the piece is as well produced as it is popular. It wiU be repeated to-night, and on Monday Miss Howard takes her benefit, when tho thud act of the Wandering Heir, in which the planta tion melody occurs, will be given, and a new comedy palled the 'Soldiers Daughter,' in which the fair bcncficiare plays the part of the Widow Cheerly An inquest was held on Friday (says the Arqtu) by Mr. Candler, at Richmond, on the body of Annie or Hannah Glceson, wliich was found in the Yarra above Cnurcii-Etreet bridgo on the previous morning. The body was m shallow water, not more than 2 feet deep where the head was, and the toes wore embedded in tlie soil. On the bank there wero found a shawl folded up, a hat, aud a threepenny piece. There were no signs of a struggle. In the pocket of deceased was found the sum of £2 3s 10.!. The deceased was twenty-seven or twenty-eight years of nge, a cook and ?Ir^ss out employment, and was last seen alive on M ednesday evening, when she went away from the place at which she was stopping, off Little Lonsdale strcct, Melbourne. She had not been drinking, and there wns nothing in her manner to indicate that she contemplated suicide, but she had complained of beinst ill and talked of going to the hospital. Mr. Warnock surgeon who had made a }-ost-morlem examination, deposed that there were no orternal marks of violence and that the cause of death was drowning- The woman might have had Buicidal tendencies from natural causes. A verdict of found drowned was returnod. The Murray and Hume Times reports that a public meeting of the residents of Albnry was held on Saturday, at Day s Commercial building«, for tho pur pose of taking steps to endeavour to procure tho abolition of toUs collected at the Union Bridge. There was a moderate attendance, but the leading interests of the town were represented. The Mayer (Mr. K. MLennan) occupied the chair, briefly explained the object for which the meeting had been convened, and referred to the heavy tax the tolls imposed on the resi dents of both sides of the river.— Mr. Hayes proposed » resolution to tho effect that the meeting was of opinion that a deputation should be appointed to pro ceed to Melbourne for the.purposa of having an inter fiew with the Victorian Ministry, in order to try to induce them to forego their share of the toUs levied at the limon Bridge. Speaking to tlie resolution, Mr Hayes said that, in answer to their inquiries, Mr Parkes had promised if the Victorian Government igreed to forego their share of the tolls, the New j south Wales Government would be willing to do so ikewisc. Under these circumstances, ho (Mr Hayes) bought they ought to- tike immediate action, as, if the natter were left over, different views might prevail, :onsidering the large amount that was received from .lie tolls.— Remarks were made by Messrs. G. Adams, iffleck, George Day (who stated that the Victorian government were willinf, to abolish the toUs if the Sew South \J ales Government were), and James ligeins, and ultimately it was decided that the Mayor Jttd Mr. George Day be appointed a deputation from I he inhabitants of Albury, and that they act with a I leputation from the inhabitants of WodoDga. % 