OUTBREAK OF CHOLERA AT BUENOS AYRES.—Respecting the outbreak of cholera in Buenos Ayres, a New York paper of tie 21st February says :—" By the arrival of a steamer to-day from Rio de Janeiro, news is received that Asiatic cholera is raging at Buenos Ayres with intensity, claiming from 40 to 50 victims per day. The total number of deaths amounts thus far to 307. 50,000 persons bad abandoned their homes in the city to seek refuge in tihe open country. The president of the Republic had also fled the city for a healthier residence on the island of Carapacsay. This act of Sar- miento is unfavorably commented upon by the press." GOLD MINING.—A patent has been granted in Victoriato Messrs James Cosmo Newberry, George Henry Frederick Ulriclh, and ilenry Yorko Lyell Brown for an improved method of extracting gold from auriferous antimony ores, an timonial compounds, and antimonial mixtures." Thes ores are fused witl metallic antimony, so that the gold be comes alloyed with the antimony. The alloys falls to the bottom of the material under treatment, from whence it can be removed. Wlhen the alloy is sufficiently rich in gold the two metals are separated by oxidizing the antimony in the ordinary way. LUMINOUS FUNGI.—Several species of luminous fungi are to be met with in the forests of this island, some of which are exceedingly brilliant and beautiful. A few months back we mentioned a group that we met with one evening on the West Tamar road, between the residences of W. Barnes and John Thomson, Esqrs. One of these plants was as large as a cessseplato, and a piece of about one. feourthl emitted suflicient lighlt to read by. A rather droll adventure arising from this singular peculiarity is narrated by the Gipps Land Times. Mr Inspector Kabat and three mounted policemen were out one night searching for a bushranger. Observing a light in the bush at some dis tance from the road, they thought they saw the camp fire of the man they were after, and made for the spot with cautious haste, each man dismounting at a reason- able distance, and proceeding most carefully on foot, revolver in hand. To say that the party were thoroughly disgusted when it discovered that the light that had allured them from the path was caused by a fun- gus falls far short of describing the feel- ings experienced by the gentlemen in blue. A DELICATE OPERATION.—The Alslra lian Medical Journal for February contains an account of a very successful and un usual operation performed by M7Ir T. MI. Girdlestone, viz., excision of the entire tongue for epithelial cancer, without cut ting through either the jaw or the cheek. The patient rapidly regained the powers of deglutition. He is now cured, and can speak so as to be understood perfectly. The case is considered a remarkably sue cessful one, and we understand that this is the first time this particular operation has been performed in Victoria. 