II.—THE NORTHERN AREAS. We hope our readers are not quite tired of reading about the Northern Areas. They have attracted a great deal of attention of late, and travellers through them, even though not very badly afflicted with the cacoethet scribendi, have felt constrained to give their im pressions of what they have seen, through the columns of the newspapers. The thing has been done from several points of view—the comic, the descriptive, and the statistical. It is possible that there may be room for one more report of the areas, especially now that the crops are fast ripening and the reaping machines will soon be pretty generally at work. Three years ago the present writer took a journey through the Northern Areas, and therefore he has the advantage of being able to give some comparison between the state of things then and now. In a new country the work of settlement and development pro ceeds fast, and it is interesting to see what a very short period will accomplish. Three years ago Georgetown contained three or four houses, Narridy something like the same, and Redhill could only boast of three, two of which were stores. Jamestown was surveyed, but not the sign of a building was to be seen, though Belalie, the area of which it is the town ship, was sprinkled over with the cottages of pioneer settlers. Gladstone and Laura existed only on paper. Port Pirie had only one building—a store, not then completed. The change is some thing marvellous. The few towns that did exist in embryo have largely in creased in size, and those the founda tions of which where not even laid, are now advancing in a most encouraging way, as we shall show when we come to describe them. The journey to the areas was undertaken on a very unfavorable day for travelling. A hot wind was blowing, and the roads were covered with clouds of blinding dust. The large number of passengers from Farrell's Flat to Clare rendered it necessary to telegraph to the latter place for a second coach, the passengers which crowded two coaches being all here packed inside and outside of one, and carried in that way for half the distance. Arrived at Clare, a capital dinner at Ford'a capital hotel, produced a happy state of mind amongst the inroad of visitors. The Northern coach from Clare to Laura was soon closely packed. Crowds of pas sengers and mountains of luggage were forced into and on the coach. The writer, like a few more, was perched aloft, where he sat like a middle aged cherub, surrounded and hemmed in by portmanteaus, carpet bags, parcels of all sizes and most angular and uncompro mising forms, with one leg hanging over the side of the coach, and the other held on to by a small boy passenger, whose hold was like that of grim death. It is amazing what a freight of living humanity and dead weight in the shape of mails and luggage that coach carried, and which, tested to the utmost the teams of fine horses—five in each—put to in succes sion. The driver, like all Hill's men, was a careful and good-natured soul, who bore the chaffing remarks of the passengers about the load he carried with excellent temper, and, what was more important, looked well to the ways of his cattle and to the ruts on the road. We passed at a spanking rate the pretty head station at Bungaree, with its charming little church on the hill and the excellent schoolroom close at hand. The country all the way from Clare to Bungaree is more like an English than a South Australian scene. Rochester was soon reached, and it does not appear to have grown even to the extent of a pigstye during the last three years. Anama is still the same quiet sleepy- hollow sort of station it was then, the glory of its squatting days having departed, and the comfortable house having been converted into a clean little place of entertainment for weary travellers. Here we changed horses, and were soon away northward. None of our fellow travellers were of the quiet sort, and we beguiled the way by telling ancient yarns of former travels. At Yacka, on the banks of the Brough- ton, we found a clean and comfortable inn where tea was provided and quickly discussed. Three years ago the writer and a friend camped in the bed of the Broughton for refreshment; now a good public-house affords entertainment for man and beast. GEORGETOWN. Georgetown, the township of the Gul nare Area, was one of the earliest laid out and sold. The area was one of the six originally declared under Mr. Strang way's Land Act, and large quantities of it were taken up. The land is of good quality, and it has already yielded excel lent crops. There are magnificent smiling farms lying along side the Yackamoorundie Creek. A large quantity of land is under wheat this year, and the sight it presents at the present time is enough to gladden the heart of the husbandman. We have made diligent enquiry of those persons compe tent to give an opinion as to the pro bable average yield, and we have been all the more anxious to get at the truth because we believe some exaggerated statements have been made in Adelaide as to the average. The general impression is that the yield will average from 15 to 16 bushels over the whole area. There are crops which will run as high as 20 or may be 22 bushels, but these are excep tional. It may be said with some con fidence that the average will not be less than 15, and it may be a little more. In the township there are signs of great activity. Some really handsome buildings have been erected, but Mr. Dempsey will exceed them all with his new and handsome hotel. It is being erected on the opposite aide of the street to the present one, and will be handsome, large, and commodious. The stores of Mr. Hendry and Mr. Canavan, which were of humble pretensions three years ago, have rapidly grown with the exten sion of the township, and are now im portant places of business. NARRIDY. Narridy Area was also one of the first six declared under the Act of 1868. It immediately adjoins Gulnare, and it has been under cultivation about the same length of time. The crops this year look well generally, and the yield will be quite equal to, if it does not exceed, that of Gulnare. The work of the surveyors has now completed the survey of the whole area, and some of the remaining land was sold last week at extreme prices. The Township of Narridy is about seven miles from Georgetown. It has not made so much progress as other northern town ships. It has a floor-mill, a public-house store, and Post-Office. There are some substantial and pleasant-looking farm houses scattered over the area; which give the passer-by the idea of a good deal of comfort and no lack of actual pros perity. CRYSTAL BROOK. From the Township of Narridy we diverged to Crystal Brook, crossing the Rocky River near to a survey camp just left by the surveyors. On the other side of the river we entered upon some fine agricultural land not yet surveyed; but on which the surveyors will be at work ere long. There is a large plain, contain ing many thousands of acres of land, now covered with kangaroo and silver grass, with tussocks of what is called black grass. Until the last few months this splendid country has been a sheeprun ; now it is to be offered to the farmers. It is a wide plain without timber, and into which the plough might be inserted to morrow. Here, if we mistake not, hun dreds of happy homes will spring up. Already, and before the land id surveyed, we found a "land hunter" intent on examining the quality of the soil. As we approached Crystal Brook head station, that sweet little cottage built by Mr. Peter Ferguson that nestles so quietly between the hills and by the side of the limpid stream, the country grew rougher and more rugged. The Bowmans had an eye for beauty and quiet comfort when a quarter of a century ago they fixed the site of their new home in the bush. It seams strange that they have left it for ever, and that the house where such open-handed hospitality to all comers was always shown should know its original owners no more. The writer walked over to see the old place once more, and to have a short talk with the old lady now there in charge. But this is en passant. About a mile below the head station, encamped on the side of the Brook, we found certain "Bohemian friends" living in tents. They were survey parties engaged in their pleasant and useful work. Their en- campment presents quite a picturesque appearance. The clean white bell-shaped tents jotted over the ground, with the "caboose" and kitchen at a short dis tance off, make up a cosy scene by no means deficient in beauty. The " Bohe mians" were all smart young fellows from Adelaide, who though once " doing the block" as dapper members of swell society; are now roughing it in the bush—a life which appears to agree with them. Our friends gave us a hearty welcome, and we were soon indulging in the fragrant weed and a capital crack with them outside the tent, where we sat and talked till a late hour, when the curtains were partially drawn, and we turned in for the night, to have our first experience of sleeping in a tent. Near to the scene of the encampment there is a pretty, quiet, walled-in burial ground, with two or three good monu ments, the inscriptions on which bore testimony to the precariousness of infant life in the bush. One was, "Sacred to the memory of Crystal Brook Bowman," a tender little one who took her name from the stream near which she was born, and where her remains are burried until the last awaken ing. This little "God's quarter-acre" will be reserved in the survey now going forward, as a place consecrated by the affection of the living to the memory of the dead. There are several nameless graves there, and others with rough un hewn stones, on which are rudely-lettered initials, the key to which is doubtless found in some sorrowing hearts. The Crystal Brook township appears to be admirably selected, and is surveyed and laid out on a considerable scale. It abuts close on the Port Pirie and Glad stone Railway, and will be within 17 miles of the port. The survey of the suburban lands is now approaching completion ; they extend two miles around the town ship, and are being surveyed in 40-acre blocks. We believe the frontages to the Brook are reserved on each side, so that the mistake which has been made in some of the areas, of allowing the water frontagea to get into private hands, will not be repeated here. The portion of Crystal Brook Area already under culti vation, which lies to the westward of the township, promises fair, though not abundant crops. The writer, however, will see the crops for himself, and give a true report of them in another letter. PORT PIRIE TO THE BURRA. I made an early start on Monday from the. "happy camping grounds'' of my young "Bohemian friends," in order that I might have ample time to see the cultivated part of the Crystal Brook Area, and reach Port Pirie at a reason able hour. I crossed the site of the new Crystal Brook township, crossing the railway on the western aide. I had not gone far until I saw the reaping machine at full work. The crops on the Crystal Brook Area appear to be earlier than any of other crops. Indeed when I reached Port Pirie I saw good samples of wheat in bags being delivered at Galloway's store. This was a part of the Crystal Brook crop. I feel some hesitation in speaking confidently as to the yield in the area. The crops sown early on fallow are as a rule very good, but those sown late without fallow are poor enough, and spine of them, are wretched. I was told of a farmer who had cleaned up 33 bags from seven acres which gives within a fraction of 19 bushels to the acre, but this is exceptional. Some say the yield, will be 15 bushels all round on the area, and others do not expect more than 12 as the average. I was sorry to learn that the fierce hot winds on Friday night had done considerable damage to the ripe crops at Crystal Brook, in some cases several bushels to the acre having been blown out. Of some of the crops I saw I must say there were nearer to 12 bushels than to 15. Probably few things give a traveller through the areas a more striking view of the enterprise of the people than to see the very large quantity of land, in addition to that already under cultivation, which has been ploughed and fallowed for cultivation next season. South Australia is emphatically a wheat pro ducing country, but what she has done in the past in this direction is very small compared with what will be done in the future. It most be admitted that the growing of wheat so far north must still to regarded in the light of an experiment; but the experiment so far has been fairly successful. Last year the crops on the areas were not so large as they were expected to be; but neither were they in other parts of the colony. The experiment to test the capability of the north country for producing average crops of wheat will now be put to the most rigid test, and if it be moderately successful over a series of years, South Australia will very emphatically be found to lie north of Adelaide—it may be north of Clare. On reaching Port Pirie I was amazed to see the extraordinary progress that had been made there. Out of an uncom fortable swamp an important port has risen as if by magic, and on every hand there were signs of busy activity. The Government have acted wisely towards this rising township, in giving them a railway, in throwing up a fine embank ment to prevent the port being sub merged, and last, though by no means least, in providing a water supply. Before the close of the year the water will be laid on by pipes from the source at Nelshaby—a fine spring at the foot of the Flinders Range, giving a supply of 20 gallons a minute. Nearly a hundred men were at work, under the superinten dence of Mr. Seymour, the Waterworks Storekeeper in Adelaide. These works, besides being an inestimable boon to the residents, will be reproductive, as a charge will be made for the water. Last year, on one day, 800 bullocks were found at the Government dam, where the supply is somewhat limited. The ceremony connected with what was called "turning the first sod" of the rail way is described elsewhere, and I need say nothing further about it here. After the ceremony and the banquet I drove back to Napperby, where I was indebted to the courteous hospitality of Mr. Bran- dis, the Messrs. Bowman's Manager, and his kind-hearted wife, and where I stayed two nights. I left my friends there early on Wednesday morning, and learnt that Napperby was to be visited in the course of the day by the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. Patterson, who intended visiting, under the pilotage of Mr, Brandis, the springs at Nelshaby. My intention was to reach Laura that evening, looking in upon Gladstone by the way; then on Thursday to push on for Jamestown, and return from Jamestown to Georgetown, and thence home in any way that presented itself. The road from Napperby is through Hughes's Gap in the Flinders Range, a tolerably passable road in good weather. After crossing the Range the entrance to Booyoolee is through a gate called, not very euphoniously, or in the best possible taste, "Tartarus Gate." " Tar taua" is not just the word, but it is less coarse than the actual one. On the Boo yoolee Area the crops are very fine; thousands of acres were passed waving with rich golden grain, many of the crops evidently showing twenty bushels, if not more, to the acre. There were paddocks of 150 or 200 acres all covered with beau tiful crops, with not a stalk of wild oats or any other weed among them. Crossing the Rocky River near to the Booyoolee Station, which is pleasantly situated, and crossing the main road close to the house, I came upon the thriving little town ship of GLADSTONE. It is nicely situated, and when the rail way is brought up to it it will be a town of no small importance. It was laid out by Mr. Washington Moorhonse, and called after England's greatest statesman. Mr. Moorhouse built a flour mill, around which a number of houses soon clustered. I drove up to the comfortable hotel kept by Mr. P. Blake, formerly of Gawler, where I had the satisfaction of meeting a party of gentlemen from Gawler who, like myself, were "doing the areas." I had met them twice or thrice before in the course of my journey, and I was glad to see them again. We had a comfortable dinner at Blake's, and I dis- covered that my friends were en route for Jamestown, and thence to the Burra. Very generously they offered to admit me to their travelling fellowship during the remainder of the journey. By join ing them I should miss seeing Laura, but then I should reach home several days before I could if I went "on my own hook," as I had been doing before, so after weighing the pros and cons., I gladly accepted their generous offer, and better travelling companions no man need wish to have. I dispatched my man and horses back to Georgetown, and cast in my lot with the Gawlerites; and I found no reason to regret my decision. I missed Laura, it is true, which is said to be the prettiest township on the areas, but in exchange I obtained good fellowship and reached home some days before I could have done according to my original plan. The prettiest building I saw on the areas is the Bank at Gladstone; there is in deed a singular looking chapel at George town, octagonal in shape, and lighted only by a lantern above the roof. It has a rather striking effect, though if the blank walls had been pierced with win dows it would have been a more effective design. After dinner we started for Jamestown, pausing en route between fine crops, clean and healthy looking, until we reached CALTOWIR, another thriving township which owes its recent origin to the settlement of the areas. Three years ago I passed over the ground on which the town now stands, and then it was simply an old outstation belonging to Mr. H. Hughes. Now it is a scene of busy industry. The inn is kept by Mr. A. Rheder, who with his good wife made as comfortable during the half hour we stayed. Mr. Munro, of Gawler, has established a sodawater, lemonade, and cordial manufactory in Caltowie, and, I believe, is doing well. It seems to be a curious place for such an industry. All the land in the Caltowie Area appears of good quality, and the crops are excellent. Many hundreds, if not thousands, of acres were under wheat, and almost as much land was fallowed ready for the next season. BELALIE. Three years ago the present writer, after a run through the areas, ven tured the opinion that the finest land he had seen north of Clare was at Belalie. l am still of that opinion. Of all the crops I saw during my visit to the North, there was none equal to those of Belalie. This was one of the original areas de clared in Strangways's Act of 1868, and most of the land was taken up at £1 an acre. It was early settled, and it has taken the lead in the largeness of the crops. Last year they were excellent, and this year they are magnificent. I saw plenty of fields which will give 25 bushels to the acre, and some that will run to 30 bushels. On the south-eastern side of the area, after leaving James town, especially, the crops were fine. The soil in a dark chocolate of great depth, and already the few farmers who have planted trees around their home steads have been very successful. This is one of the pleasantest sights, because when a settler goes to the labor and ex pense of planting, it is a sign that he means to make the place his home. Jamestown is the township of the Belalie area, I must again, even at the risk of being tedious and egotistical, refer to my former visit to this place three years ago. Then I drove over from Georgetown and saw the surveyors' pegs defining the town. That was all; there was not the ghost of a building. Our party then encamped on the desolate plain on which the township now stands, lighted a fire, and boiled the kettle, and had tea. Now there is the largest, and in many respects the most important, town on the areas. The site has been admirably selected, and the settlers have shown their faith in its future prosperity by gathering there in considerable numbers. It is the centre of an immense agricultural district, which stretches away on every hand. Our in tention was to stay there all night, and push on for the Burra next day. There are two hotels, both of which seem to be largely patronised; one is kept by Mr. Jureit, formerly of the Hotel Europe, and the other by Mr. Edwards, formerly butcher in Hindley-street. We drove up to the former, and asked for accom modation for the night. The good natured landlord told as it was out of the question. Every bed and every sofa, and almost every board in the house, was already engaged. Something like 16 persons turned up within an hour, all wanting accommodation. This was by no means a pleasant look-out, and two of our party went on an exploring expedition to the other hotel, and brought back the melancholy intelligence that it too was quitefull, accommodation having to be provided for no less than 40 travellers. Happily Host Jureit was well supplied with fast-class provisions, so we had a comfortable meal, after which we went, into Committee on the situation. We could think of nothing better than to rest the horses until midnight, and then start for the Burra. This was not a pleasant prospect after a long day's journey already, but it appeared to be the only coarse open to as. A German's resources, however, are il limitable, and our host, when he got a few minutes for quiet thought, showed himself to be a Moltks in strategy and a Bismarck in decision. He in formed us to our great delight that he thought he could manage to put us up "if we were not very particular." We had been out too long to be "very par ticular," so we at once closed with his offer and gave up the notion of travelling 40 more miles by moonlight. Up to after 11 o'clock we were kept in ignorance of Mr, Jureit's arrangements, and shrewdly suspect he was not very clear about them hmself. I took possession of the police- trooper's bed, kindly vacated for the oc casion, and two of my friends slept on a mattress on the floor of the same room. The room was not a large one, and we were just a little crowded; but that was better than travelling over unknown roads on a clouded moonlight night. One of the other members of the party ob tained a sofa, and another made shift with a couple of chairs. We heard that in one not very large parlor there were nine persons littered down. All appeared to be very jolly, however, the good humor and obliging disposition of the landlord holding out in spite of many provocations. I turned out about 6 o'clock on Thurs day morning, and had a quiet walk round the township, which certainly surprised me. There is a large floor mill, which has been kept constantly at work through the whole year until within the last week or two, when it was closed for repairs. A large new boiler was on the ground ready to be erected. There are two chapels of considerable size for the place, one be longing to the Catholics and one to the Wesleyan Methodists. There is one really handsome general store and some smaller ones, butchers' and bakers' estab lishments, a blacksmith's and a saddler's shop, a Bank, and many other buildings of greater or lesser importance. The South Australian Carrying Company had four drays, with teams of seven or eight horses each, encamped in the township all night, which made an early start next morning. The people complain rather bitterly about the want of postal and telegraphic communication. The mails run only twice a week, and there is no telegraph wire. This ought to be seen to before the busy season begins, or it will be a serious loss to the inhabitants and the district. They ought to have either the one or the other before the close of the year. The construction of the telegraph line from Gladstone would not cost much, and £1,000 or £1,500 would be well spent on such a necessary work. A meeting on the subject was held on Tuesday evening, when it was resolved to memorialise the Chief Secretary, reminding him of his promise to give the people telegraph facilities. We wish the Chief Secretary, in whose department the Post-Office and Telegraph Office are, would take a run through the areas, and see for himself the pressing needs of the settlers. On Thursday morning we started for the Burra, passing between magnificent crops of wheat, exceeding anything I have ever before seen in the colony. And yet I was informed that in the Mannanarie Area they were still better. I met at Jamestown an Adelaide merchant and one of his travellers who had been in this area, and they assured me that they had seen crops which would yield 40 bushels to the acre. Agriculture is still pushing out northward, and a considerable quantity of land has been taken up on Black Rock Plain. We passed the Canowie head station, travelling through a grand country, the most of which we were told was already purchased by the squatters. It seems to be a great pity that a country which would support a thousand families should have got into the possession of a few sheep farmers. We do not blame them; they were simply wise; in their generation, but the system which allowed this was bad. When we had passed the Canowie Run the land appeared to be of a less promis- ing character, although in the Hundred of Hallett there is a large quantity fitted for agriculture. The Town of Willogo leech was our stopping place. It is just midway between Jamestown and the Burra. Here there is a large and roomy hotel, which we should think does a good trade. After resting here we pushed on to the Burra. This country is too well known to require description here. At 6 o'clock we were comfortably seated in Orchard's comfortable hotel at Aberdeen, our rapid run through the areas being brought to a close. We shall reserve for another occasion some general remarks suggested by the visit. 