TU14 -WJER OF KDINBUKGH'S MAlf IIIAG K. - a iie marriage ceremony o£ theDuko of Edin burgh and the Princess Marie commenced at 110011 on the' 23rd January, iu the presence o£ a vast assemblage, of guests, in the- Winter Palace and the siirrounding gaileries.Tlie' ladies were * sumptuously, -attiredt the prevailing (costumes,, particularly; of Russian ladies, were y el vet ami. diamonds! The men were iu uniform, with the 'excepti«in'6E;;tUe Americau -diploniiitist. 1 After assembling; a^proe'easibn was formed >vitli "the- - grand equerries,-cluimberiaius; y and other officers of tliepourt. " Leading tlieui eamothe Eiuperor and. Empyoss Imperial, 'Prince audi Princess of Wales; the Princcss Imperial of Ger- ' many aiuVi>enniadc,and Prince Arthur.: Their cuine"the bride-and-the bridegroom, hvho- wore: the | Russian .', naval uniform. The bride was., splendidly "apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ; iermine,' aud, she wore » diamond coronet.' Her traiu was borne by fouv pages. ' 'Then followed an immense procession oE the Imperial family, priests, friends, princcs, and ■ court - officials. The Imperial Kussiau Princeiwove the n uniform of. Cuirassiers, the Prinoo:ocE'-'\¥ales.the scarlet British uhiform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of/a Prussiau coloiicl.Allwere "decorated "witli the Russian Order of, St. Andrew.. The Princcss of Wales■ was; dressed in- dark crimson velvet, with " diamond coronet and collar, aud pearl, nccklace; the imperial 'German l'rifteess was dressctl in the same style; the l^saian Princess's dress was blue velvet and. sold. Prince Arthur acted as onej of groomsmen. - All wore silver wedding favov».: • The'processioiiv upon reaching ; (lie ltussian church, was reooived by the metro politan liead of the Kusaian Church of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sabred vessels with holy water.-- The lijupjeror conducted the bride aud. bridegroom to the mid,dla at the church, as suming Ivis. station, vuth tho linipress immedi ately liehind. Around the bridegroom stood. Princc Arthur and the Grand Dukes. Tnc wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were de posited on «l\o attar temporarily, until placet! on ihe Ungcra of the bride'and bridegroom. Tlie ivwgnificei|t chapel was illuminated with in numerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, crimson, and gold oarpet; the pillars; and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique. In the abscnce: of music, chants and intoned prayers were giveni during the service. Tho crowns were heldi suspended over the heads, of the bridal pair. Prince Arthur holding the crown over the of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that ovi>'_ the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said:— " Thou servant of God, Alfred Edward, arc erov,".icd for this handmai.deii of (;„(!_ Maria Alexandra, in the name of tho V'.ither, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," Prints Arthur,'becoming tired of holding the heavy c.-oivn Was relieved. Then the EpUtleto. the $;,,hesians, 5th chapter, 20th nut\ 2:}rd Ye!*-?*., were read. After the reading ^y.is ccihotud'^d the marriage of Cana of Galilee voiul The cvowus were removed, urn] the mar citige couple walked tliricc round the raised dais, holding to the tip of the con-' fQisor a i*obe with one hand and a candle in the oUier. At the conclusion of this cerciuony the^* sacramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. After ward the choir sang " Glory, to Thee, O Lord!" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anslic.ii! servicc. J)can Sinnlcv, of West minister Abbey, oilidated. The walls were de corated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnisation of the Greek church service,' wore a Prolo.-f.int l£piscupa| Doctor of Divinity iiat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar or ihe Order of J5:ith around his neck, was assisted by two resident English clergy men. Both the American and the English consuls were withered on the. left of the altar. Conspicuous among them wals Governor Jewett, Ihe American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English' Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers in 'full costume; were also pre sent. Especially noteable : was - the-v.enerable l'rince Gortshakoff* surrounded hvleading mem bers of the Russian nobility. 1 The Episcopal chants were given by'Russian chorister lads, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage pro cession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. . .Prince V Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was tlien impressively per formed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in Ilia book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the -Father, God i:ic bou, Jjoa tiip iloly Itiiosl bless, preserve, and help you," was especially touching. The services being concludcd, iJcan Stanley con gratulated the newly-married couple. Several iloman Catholic dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced; the bridegrodm grave, self-possessed. The Princess of Y\rales was lovely, pale, and delicate.' ; The German .Crown Princess looked healthy—tlic image of her mother, Queen Victoria. The l'rinee of .Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, .and both looked well. .During- the ceremony in the English chapcl the )Cmpres3 'of; Kussia, being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed over-: come, and made a motion of holding a;handker chief to her eyes, when the married couple sain led her. The' ceremony being concluded, the crowd dispersed. .' There was oniy a.limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumina tion of the public squares took place, and 'the general scene was: one of splendid festivity. The scene formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony,-wealth, pomp, and splendor." After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. Afc the close of. the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and the oflicers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy couple, tlie Emperor being present:" 