OUR MUNICIPALITIES, AND. To t?eo ditor. of'the Eominer. c Smr,-I quite fall in With the drift of t your leader of Saturday upon our munici- t pal olections and what should emnaate' from them, but I cannot help feeling that I the Municipal Act of Tasmania is a blight upon its freedom, and renders the people's independence a nullityv-s humsUiating c to the large body of small voters, they being recklessly increased by the studied s £9 assessment, the law becoming a tangible c punishment instead of a protection to the a man of small noans. This deserves the I attention of every honorable man and 'the c reprobation of the people's press, as a y means to an end-the removal of such humiliation as the system of plurality of votes to the extent now given, as in many cases it gives the opportunity of men becoming candidates who have no mental status, they being fdrced to assumo that which they are unfit for. . The system is rotten, and we are there fore from year to year drifting into a state of municipal serfdom, not politically healthful or convenient to be understood in our rural districts by the intelligent ' What Campbell Town has expressed by its inaction municipal is a cause of com plaint in every.other so-named district. New recruits as candidates may be ob tained, butthey must be the men chosen, picked out, and their measure taken.by the large voters, or they will not have their support ; they are sure not to suc coed : thus the people are made to appear as nothing by plurality of accorded in justice. t The people are called upon to' support state, church, and obey all law. They are called upon to sit as juries to carry out the law, however' painful the position may be, all of which every good citizen willingly performs ; and, therefore, when these sorfs.feel the iron heel of. wealth forcing them into the compass of nothing ness, when men put themselves forward as aupporters of the monopoly against the peopre's rights, when such men find that the broad principle of not only right but wrong; enters into municipal elections, they cannot but become inactive, and leave things to go on as the unprincipled in such transactions may will, or else, as i4 the minds of some, they become rebel lious agitators against the system of 10 to 1 voting-a system rotten, ruinous, and humiliating in its numerical. strength. And until such rottenness is swept away never can the success'of our municipal in stitutions be manifest, or, as you sir, say, "the atmosphere be purified at a cost which will' satisfy reasobable expecta tions." This must become an cogrosming ques tion taken up by some master mind, either to satisfy public feeling it is wrong, or else to demand justice in our muni cipal franchise because it is right. Can municipal feeling be more stran gledthan it is It may be pleasant to do justice to an enemy, but it would be more pleasoutto. invest, the naked ghosts of municipal ratepayers with equal rights, so that what vitality exists in our municipal 'interests, it may afford some gratifying symptoms at our future elections. Just imagine, Sir, what was a fact at a polling place in a rural village. Ten re spoitable tradesmen went to the poll and recorded their ton votes; up rides the 'squire of the village, one of the small voters holds the bridle while the plural voter quietly goes in and records his ten votes, thus legally annulling the ten poor men with their one vote each. This has been soon and felt for years as an election farce requiring alteration. There can be little doubt that in some districts certainfamilies and cliques rule the working of our Municipal Act. ' It was never intended to be so by our legis lators, and therefore the monopoly is not only a blunder but an injustice, requiring that the scale of municipal voting should be mnodified.-I am, Sir, lisxx 