THE WISDOM OF THE SEA-SERPENT. (New York Times.) PERSONS conversant with the procession of natural phenomena have confidently predicted a reappearance this season of the sea-serpent. Of all the obliging monsters who, from time to time, appear to cater to the general appetite for the marvellous, the sea-serpent has achieved decidedly the most enduring popularity and fame. And this he has earned by a surprising self-restraint in the way of exhibition, which distinguishes him honourably from all his associates, and, indeed, from almost all artists who seek in a similar way to entertain the public. His appearances have been few, but correspondingly striking since the good Captain Laurent de Ferry, sailing from Trundkin to Bergen, in the month of May, 1746, first discovered him basking peacefully on the waves. He had then "a horse's head, which rose two feet over the surface, and was of a grey colour." He had "a dark brown mouth, black eyes, and apparently a long mane floating over the neck." Beyond this, at a considerable distance, could be seen "seven or eight coils, each of enormous size." Altogether, a very satisfactory and attractive monster, and it is difficult to understand how the captain could have had the heart to fire upon it. Fire he did, however regardless of the interests of posterity, and the nineteenth century had a narrow chance of losing its most agreeable marvel. Fortunately the aim was unsteady. The animal plunged, "evidently wounded," and did not re- appear, and the honest mariners, much marvelling, returned to puzzle the good people of Bergen with their story. Probably it was his experience of man's perfidy that kept our sea-serpent so long in retirement, and led him, when finally, in 1808, he did "emerge, to pre- sent himself in much more terrifying fashion. Mr. McLean, in June of that year, was sailing about on the coast of Coll, when he discovered an extraordi- nary creature, of enormous size-seventy or eighty feet long-moving toward him "by progressive undulations up and down." Not unnaturally, Mr. McLean and his men were thoroughly frightened, and fled with promptness. The monster pursued them leisurely to the shore, "frightened the crews of thirteen fishing boats," and returned slowly and majesti- cally to its native deep. For some time past nothing has been heard of him, and the apprehensions of his admirers were excited lest he should have died of old age, or taken a final leave of public life. These fears were dissipated by his recent triumphal ap- pearance in three different parts of the world almost simultaneously. On Oc- tober 21, Captain Charlesworth saw him in a cave near Diego, California. He was then "about thirty feet long, with three sets of fins, a tail like an eel's, and a head like an alligator's. The fins were shaped like those of a sea-lion, each between three and four feet in length." This was the harrowing tale which the captain unfolded to his friends, when, having come to his assistance, they arrived in time to see "the marks in the mud left by the monster's form," and to fire their guns vaguely at that vanishing form, flirting back to them a malicious and serpentine farewell. lt will be observed that Captain Charlesworth's sea-serpent differs in some respects from Captain Laurent de Ferry's. His versatility of expression, indeed, is one of our monster's greatest charms. Still more artistic was his "get-up" when he disclosed himself, in a brief intervew, to Mr. Joass, of Golspie, in England, who, in a rather round- about way, through the medium of several other gentlemen, got his story into the London Times. Him that simple and guileless sea-serpent of San Diego-- laughing, no doubt, in his fin as he did it--has had the art to make believe that he is a "saurian, allied to the plesiosaurus, and feeding with teeth of the oolitic type on terebratula and trezonieir, also oolitic molluscs." His "large ears, similar to a horses," how- ever, reveal his identity with Captain de Ferry's friend ; and his appearance on October 21, in Bellhaven Bay, with a hundred feet or so of coils and undula- tions, at once confirms the supposition, and show its possession, together with amazing versatility, of a most incredible rate of speed. The history of the sea-serpent is instructive, and furnishes an admirable lesson to giddy and weak-minded monsters, which sacrifice popularity to the temporary gratification of variety and hunger of applause. That the sea- serpent is still so universally admired and sought after is due to his avoiding the snares that have betrayed so many of his weaker brethren. The care with which he has timed his appearances, and the high-bred reserve of his demeanour, have kept up the interest and curiosity of the public. Wiser than some of his rivals, he has never cheapened himself by tiresome iteration, or earned contempt by permitting familiarity. Many other monsters, with as many natural advan- tages, have been ruined by their obtru- siveness, or, still more fatal error, by allowing themselves to be found out. The brief wonder of the wild man, for example, speedily resolves itself into commonplace reality of the escaped lunatic. The notorious Western ghost, with his stale tricks of stone-throwing and plate-smashing, has become more tedious than the familiar war-whoop of a certain semi-intellectual and bog-trotting contemporary. After an acquaintance with the Fiji impostor, who will care again for the most bewitching and tune- ful of mermaids? Let monsters who essay hereafter to amuse the public, bor- row some of the wisdom of the sea-ser- pent, and practice the virtues of modesty and self-restraint. So will they long remain as dear to the hearts of their admirers as the sea-serpent is to the artless and convivial mariner. 