Items of Latest News. (From the Papers.) A man names Charles McGlin living in Clarence-street, Sydney, died on Friday morning, in a fit of apoplexy. 120 men are out of employment on account of the strike at Fulton's foundry. On Friday 16,000 cases of Devee's oil sold at Melbourne at 1s. 2d.; new teas, ex Somer- set, 1s. 5d. to 2s.; muscatels, 1s. 1d. Moton Moss's estate shows a deficiency of £15,000; an offer of 8s. in the £ was accep- ted. Mr. Coppin has established a company at Melbourne to convert Sorrento Head Bay into a popular marine resort. They have purchased a steamer from New Zealand, built cottages, baths, and refreshment rooms, and propose to have a few excursions on Sunday at low fares. The French war steamer Cootlogon has sailed from Port Phillip. The ceremony of turning the first sod of the Geelong and Colac Railway was per- formed on Thursday. The police have secured a gang of coiners in Melbourne, and they ahve been commit- ted for trial. The Marquis of Normandy is expected to arrive at New Zealand at the end of Novem- ber. Governor Fergusson is shortly ex- pected at Wellington from the south. The schooner Alma was dismasted in a gale, near Westport. Two lives were lost. Gales in other parts occasioned much damage. Charles Dodd, second officer, ship Oneos, has been committed for trial at Wellington for the murder of a sailor named Green, on the high seas. The immigrant shop Cartvale has arrived at a New Zealand port with measles, dip- theria, and diarrhœa on board. Nineteen deaths occurred. She has been placed in quarantine. At Munro's saw mills, Toowoomba, Alfred Skinner has had his hand badly lacerated, through the saw being suddenly set in motion while the machinery was being inspected. The cook at a hotel in Roma died lately, 24 hours after being kicked in the abdomen by a horse. For a second doctor at Rome, the Hospital offers £230, and the Odd Fellows offer £75. There is the public practice besides. The Sir William Wallace, from London, srrived in Sydney with a general cargo valued at £58,100. A dead body was found in the river at Dubbo, on Thursday morning. It is sup- posed to be that of a man who has been miss- ing since the last races. The tender of Moffat and Co. has been ac- cepted for the erection of a Church of Eng- land place of worship at Dubbo. the amount of the tender is £2200. A woman named McCabe was burned to death at Toowoomba, while assisting her husband in clearing. Judgment has been given against the Tribute, a Wellington evening paper, for libel on Messrs. steele and Keogh, theatrical managers. The damages awarded are £20 each. Tipkins aroused his wife from a sound sleep the other night, saying he had seen a ghost in the shape of an ass. "Oh let me sleep," was the reply of the irate dame, "and don't be frightened at your own shadow." A Prussian named Herman Magewsky, aged forty-nine, who had been suffering from paralysis for some time, died suddenlt at his residence, Surry Hills, on Thursday. "Do bats ever fly in the day-time?" asked a teacher of his class in natural history. "Yes, Sir," said the boys, confidently. "What kind of bats?" exclaimed the as- tonished teacher. "Brickbats!" yelled the triumphant boys. The Australasian Association of Queensland give an inauguration ball, at Brisbane, on the 5th proximo. Mr. George Harris has been appointed chairman, Mr. Forrest, deputy-chairman, and Mr. Turner, treasurer, of the Brisbane Cham- ber of Commerce. The reorganisation of the Queensland Lands department is going on. The Sur- veyor-General is to be relieved of all adminis- trative duties, except those relating to gene- ral survey operations. The survey depart- ment is to be made a branch under the Minis- ter, with chief clerk Huntley as chief of the department. Other regulations have been made, which will do away with much redtape- ism. H.M. steam troop-ship Adventure arrived on Saturday morning from England, after a fair passage of 111 days, including all deten- tions, and the intermediate ports of call, the voyage having also been prosecuted under canvas, except when entering or leaving harbour. The ship brings out 300 fine able- bodied young men and boys to be distributed among the vessels on the Australian station. The Adventure is a new ship, built expressly for the transport service, and is fitted up with all the most recent improvements. The use of the steam-roller in most streets where gas or water-pipes are laid near the surface, is likely to be attended with some loss and inconvenience to the local residents. On Thursday a gaspipe laid in Castlereagh- street was utterly destroyed by the steam- roller passing over it. On Saturday last, a complimentary picnic was given by the aldermen of the Borough of the Glebe to the Honorable George Wig- ram Allen, Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, in his capacity as Mayor of the Glebe. The A.S.N. Co.'s mail steamer Macgregor sailed on her voyage for San Francisco punctually at 2 p.m. on Saturday, with a right easterly wind. 