®|c §U$fvaliau Israelite, MELBOURNE, FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1874—5634, SUNDAY TRADING. We do not suppose that our co-religionist, Mr. Bukh, of Ballarat, to whatever wild flights of fancy a poetical constitution may at any time during his life have, led him into, ever imagined that his name was destined one day to be coupled with that of his late most gracious majesty King Charles II., even if (as is doubtful) be had ever heard of the merry monarch who, it was remarked, “never said a foolish thing, and never did a wise one.” But truth, is stranger than fiction; and the heterogeneous combination referred, to has been actually brought about by circumstances which, if not very extraordinary, are still worthy of our serious attention. Mr. Bukh, it appears, has been in the habit of work ing openly at his trade on Sundays, keeping his apprentices also employed ; and for a long time this desecration of the Christian Sabbath was allowed to go on with impunity. Recently, however, some of his neighbours, either because their patience was exhausted, or because, if. a thing is to happen, it- must begin some time or Other, determined to put a stop to this offensive infringement of their Sabbath, and requested the police to institute proceedings: Last Monday, accordingly, the delinquent was summoned before the local police-court under the 2nd section of the 29 Charles II., cap. 7, of date 1676, “for working himself and keeping persons in his employment at work on Sundays. ’ The result was that he was convicted and fined five, shillings by the presiding magistrate, the punishment originally prescribed for the offence, viz., “ being put into the stocks,” being obselete. Mr. Dyte, who, in his capacity as justice of the peace, happened to be on the bench ventured to demur at the 'police, magistrate’s decision, but as the law is clear on the point, his objection was overruled. This case has excited considerable attention, and has been exhaustively commented upon, both by the metropolitan and the local press. That it should be possible in this new and liberal country, and at" this time of day, to drag from its obscurity a mustyold narrow-minded law, passed two hundred years ago, and to galvanise it into a sort of activity, for the purpose of attain ing an end any thing but conformable to modem ideas, is so striking an anomaly that it is no wonder that investigation of its causes, and discussion as to its merits should have been called forth. So far, therefore, as the case in point has awakened enquiry, which may conduce to more rational .and consistent legislation on the subject of Sabbath-keeping, its occurrence is not to be regretted. Notwithstanding this, we wish it to be Understood that we have no sympathy whatever with Mr. Bukh, considering, as we do, that his action in the matter was altogether indefensible. Law is law, . whether it be absurd or reasonable, and no man has a right to act -in contravention thereto. If any particular statute presses heavily and unjustly upon a section of the community, let redress be sought in a legitimate manner, let complaint be made to the proper authorities—let us endeavour, by all the straightfor ward means at our command, to obtain relief from the disability; but while it is in4 force it must be submitted to. The Jewish injunction on this point is unmistakeable. KiroVon im is the concise'and emphatic rule laid down by our sages. “ The law of the country in which we are must under all circumstances be obeyed ; ” and not only is it 7oroug to act in defiant opposition thereto, but it is impolitic; for, by so doing, we put ourselves out of court, and forfeit all claim to consideration. Mr. Dyte’s inter ference also was, to say the least, injudicious ; but he was probably carried away by a natural feeling, and his indiscretion may there fore be overlooked. It is evidently the duty of a magistrate to administer the laws—not to argue concerning their intrinsic justice or injustice, and we have no doubt .that although the presiding magistrate did as he was bound to do, he must have been himself impressed, with the inconsistency of the Act. 1 Although the resuscitation of Charles II. and his acts is a novelty in this country, that worthy sovereign’s ghost, has; of late, been very frequently evoked in England, to the. discomfiture of small tradesmen and the like, who ply their usual occupations on the first day of the week. In London it seems to.be a periodical , mania of the parochial authorities, in whom the power of prosecu tion is now vested, to make a fierce raid upon the neighbourhoods inhabited by the working classes, with the design of strictly eriforcing the law. For a long time the vestries remain perfectly indifferent to the most glaring violation of the statute; then all of a sudden they swoop down upon the poorer portions of the town, always taking, care to give aristocratic quarters a wide berth. The Jews, from their exceptional position with regard to the Sabbath, have of course always been the greatest sufferers by the prohibition of Sunday trading; and have been and are making efforts, through the medium of the communal press and of the Board of Deputies, to obtain some amelioration of their disadvantageous position in this respect. As yet, nothing satisfactory has been effected; but there is no doubt that, sooner or later, a desirable alteration of the existing law will be brought about,—especially as one important concession has already been made to our co religionists in the matter of the Workshops’ Regulation Act. About three years ago the late Sir David Salomons introduced and succeeded in passing an Amendment Act, providing that No penalty shall be incurred by any person in respect of any work done on Sunday either in a workshop or in the tobacco manufacture by any young person or woman professing the Jewish religion ; provided that (i.) The workshop or manufactory is in the occupation of a person professing the Jewish religon, is on Saturday closed until sunset, and is not open for traffic on Sunday. (2.) That such workshop or manufactory is open on Sunday to the officers duly authorised by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1867. (3.) The total number of hours of labour of such young person or woman in any one week or day or period of twenty-four hours at such workshop or manufactory does not exceed the total number of hours of labour in any one week or day or period of twenty four hours allowed by the Workshop Regulation Act, 1867. ] The principle of exceptional legislation being thus established with regard to factory working, it cannot fail in course of time to be also extended to Sunday trading in general. The question of Sabbath observance in this colony, in so far as it is amenable to State legislation, requires very serious consider ation, and should be solved in a manner befitting a liberal, tolerant and enlightened community. No one can shut his eyes to the fact that it is very hard upon the Jew that he should be prevented from pursuing his ordinary business on a day which is to him the same as any other ; nor can it be denied that it is scarcely in congruity with the enlightened spirit of the age that innocent and intellectual recreation should be withheld on Sunday I from those who desire to avail themselves of it. The latter evil could we believe be easily remedied, even without special legislation. As for the fofmer, why not adopt the American method ? In at least one of the United States, provided a man ceases from labour regularly on any one day in the week, he is I owed to carry on his business on all the others; so that the Jew who keeps Saturday as his Sabbath, is permitted to work on Sunday. This is a far more rational and equitable system than any we can boast of; Church and State are in no way connected in this country, and' there is consequently nothing to prevent the enactment of such legislation as may securb to every citizen his full measure of liberty. 