THE GOLD-FIELDS. THEn PA?MER. A late issue of a northern contemporary says :-The news from the Palmer is extremely meagre and unin teresting, and confirms all previous asecounts. Men are not doing well-the majority are not even making wages ; the supply of food is limited, and likely to be for some weeks In a short time the Range road will be in a state to admit of tihe passage of teams, drays, &o.;, over that hitherto inaccessible part of the road. Teams are now waiting for the wet weather, which has been so prevalent here, to elear up, as the road for some miles out of Cooktown is too boggy to allow the passage of wheeled vehicles at present. We no. tion that Mr. Flood, from Copperfield, has arrived with a waggon and a full complement ofhorses for the same, and purpose starting as soon as the weather or the stlate of the roads will permit him. Several bullock teams are here waiting for-the fine weather, so that in a week or so we may expect that supplies will he en route for the Palmer. No definite news has been re ceived here with reference to the new road heading tihe Normanby, but w'l believe that shortly intelligene will be received from those who are now endeavour. ing to open up communicaetion with the Palmer. At the present time traffice to certain extent is suspended, thie state of the road scarcely permitting pack-horses to travel. GYMWR. Mining on Gympie is going ahead as steadily as ever, new works being opened every week, and the samean. couraging results rewarding the perseverance of the miners. The usual monthly escort left on the morn ing of the 2nd instant, taking with it 38232o 14dwt 17gr of gold, which was contributed by the local banks in the following proportions :2-Bank of New South Wales, 1654Mz 14dwt A.J.S. Bank, 1015s Oz 0dwt 17gr ; Queensland National Bank, 563oz. TIE ET?EIRIDE. A correspondent writing from Georgetown on the 11th ultimo sends the following partinulars regard ing this field :-Our reefs are still keeping up their fame as the best in the North, for enery week gives at least one or two rich crashings. Last week we had 274o- of gold from the Nil Denperandum out of 100 tone, making over 2000os fromthat claim since Febru ary. Messrs. Baker, Harman, and Sharp, the owners, intend keeping their ten:slamper machine going from it alone as soon as they can get miners enough to work the reef. The reef is over file feet wide, and hase averaged over 2kos per ton. The Try- no-More has 1200oz already in the bank from acrushing of 500 tone which is now being reduced at the Monitor machine. Some of the shareholders predict getting 2000oz, but the final result will not be known for a fortnight. The Blaekall lies another40 tons earted to the same machine, which will commence crushing in a few days. Two men have raised that quantity in four weeks. They had a crushing of fifty tons on the 21st of last March, which gave them 434ozs of melted gold. The escort, in charge of Mr. Sub-inspector Thompson, left yesterday with 6500cc of gold, making over 19,000on this year. A five-stamper battery is leaving for the Clonecurry, so we hope soon to swell our escort of the " far north" to euesed any in Queensland, and point the dormanteoutherncapitalists to where they can reap one hundredfold for thoiridle money. The Etheridge gold-field will be the Bendigo of this colony before many months, for we have our Charleston, Rocky, Western Greek, Gilbert River, Lighthouse, and several other reefing suburbs, which only require willing labour to develops them into inland towns of importance. cmAaTEae TOWERs. A local contemporary writing on the 16th ultimo states:-The encouraging prospeets obtained from the deep levels of ourneefs show plainly that thisfield is yet only in its infancy. The evil prophete--inexperi enaed miners-who fancied, at the opening of this field, that our reefs had run out- were only sanurface blows--ean ae now that their experience is much shallower and more worthless than our reefs have proved. The general desire of cldimbolders now is to strike the "mundio-stone," which, as foras it has been yet tested, has proved rich beyond expectation. The latest crushing of this stone wee taken from the Duke of Wellington p.c.: thirty-five tons of which yielded 142es Odwt. RVARNRWOOD. A correspondent writing from this field on the 25th ultimo says :-Ravenswood has not "given up the ghost" yet-nor do I think it will for a short time, while we have such men eas Millerand Hansoen amongst nus. The former gentleman has now the machinery of the London Pyrites Company in active operation, and terms of praise can hardly be given too high for the manner in which it has been erected by him. The works consist of crushing maechinery, puddle, grinding and amalgamating-panes, steam winding gear, centri fugal pamps, etc. I believe the operations at present are confined to the treatment of the company's own mundic. " Report" says that it is yielding very good returnes, and if the energetic manner in which the claim is being worked may be taken as anything to judge by, one would certainly think that it is' right." Hansen is working away with his machinery in fine style. He is now going to tackle thie tailings in the creek, just below the bridge. He heas been obtaining very fair results from the sltug he has treated already, and, no doubt, will do well yet with "The Bide Through" (as his machine is named). Plant end Jackson's yard seems prettyfull of stone and surfacing, and their machine is alwayagoing, so thereappears to be no lack of stone to crush. Their furnace has been employed the last few days on some mundie from the Melbourne, and I hear that it will pay very well ; it is not finished yet. Brown, at Noluan's Gully, is still crashing away, producing some very good returns from stuff got from ' around about that quarter." The " Mabel" is working away, too. A lease is applied for, for a site at Eandy Creek, to erect machinery for heating pyrites, cruahing, and working the Australia Felix Reef there. The Old Man Company is now getting on, and from the way the work is progressing, one oan plainly seo they mean business tIhis time. 