NEWS OF THE DAY. There was an Bxecutive meeting and n meeting of tho Cabinet yestetday afternoon. Beyond tho signing of the writs for the second batch of elections the business trans acted at the Executive Council did not pos sess auy feature of public interest. A circular has been received by the Go vernment from the Colonial OHice, Downing-- street, in reference to the uniforms to be worn by governors, lieutenant- governors, and ministers of State, in her Majesty's colo nies. There are four classes of uniforms! The first class is to be worn by the Gover nors of Canada, Jamaica, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, Queens land, New Zealand, Coylon, Hong Kong, Straits Settlement, Mauritius, Malta, Cape of Good Hope, West African Settlements, British Guiana, Windward and Leeward Islands. Second class uniforms are to worn by all governors of colonies and de pendencies not previously named. Third class : Officers administering the government, not holding the rank pf Lieut. .Governors, and all members of colonial Ministries where responsible government exists. Fourth class : The heads of principal departments not holding a seat in either the executive council or the legislative, Ent ject to the ap proval of licr Majesty. No uniform is to bo worn without the consent of lier Majesty if the person has ceased to hold ollicc. Private secretaries and governors' officers may wear third class uniform. Humors have been circulated to the eject that the case of A. I«. Green, who stands committed on a coroner's warrant charged with the wilful mnrdcr of Mr. Maxwell Rey nolds, will be taken into consideration to day, and that, owing to certain evidence which has recently been obtained, in all probability an information will not be lilcil against him. There appears to be very little grounds for either the statement or tho sup position. The caso has been under the con sideration of the law officers for sorno time, and it is not at all probable that their deci sion will be. arrived at until all tho circum stances of so grave a charge have been fully investigated. Thomas Mahcr, the claimant of the estate of the late Patrick Coady Buckley, nuder a will purporting to have been executed in lS-t'2, has been, by the lato judgment of his Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth, placed in a position exactly analogous to that of the Tichborne claimant prior to his prosecution for perjury. The Government of this colony arc not unmindful of the fact. It is open, however, to Mahcr to appeal against the de cision to tho Court of Appellate Jurisdic tion, and as ho can do this within fourteen days of the judgment being given, tho machinery of tho law cannot be put in mo tion before that time has elapsed. In tho meantime Maher is under the surveillance of the police, and cannot leave the colony with out incurring the risk of arrest. The Iloynl Commission appointed to in quire into the administration of tho Lands department are going about their work in a business-like mauuer. It seems that there is a book kept in which every employe is required to enter daily the exact time he comes to the office in the morning. It was noticed as somewhat remarkable thnt everyone signed hi3 name as having tome punctually at nine a.m. Tn order to test the correctness of these en tries, a watch was placed one morning, when it was found that only three out of the whole number came at the hour named, the remainder arriving at ten, fifteen, and thirty minutes after nine, and several as late as ten. It is needless to say that they have been more punctual since. In the Supreme Court yesterday, judge ment was given in the caso of Dcgraves v. M 'Mullen, in which tho plaintiff, Mr. Win. Degraves, recovered £10,201 damages against the plaintiff, who was inspector of the Union Bank, for breach of contract, in not dis counting bills for Mr. Degraves, who, it was alleged, bad released Mr. M 'Mullen from a troublesome liability in connection -with station 'property, on condition that the Union Bank discounted his paper at 7 per cent, until such time as the station could be sold at a profit. The bank refused to carry out tbis arrangement, anrl Mr. De- graves attributed the derangement of his financial affairs in no small measure to that breach. The caso was tried in June last, and although tho judgment has at Inst bcou given, tlieic has evidently been division in tho legal camp on the many knotty points involved in the case. The three judges yesterday expressed different view of tho case on some important points. Mr. Justice Williams delivered his opinion first, contending that the rule should be dis charged on all points, and that there was no reason to disturb the verdict of the jnry. Mr. Justice Fellows followed, and passed some severe striotures on bank immo rality. He was diametrically opposed to his seniors, and would have made the rule absolute on each point. Mr. Justice Barry followed, and took the ria media by advocating that the rule for a new trial should he discharged, and that the rule for the arrest of judgment should be made abso lute. Tho outcome of all this is that the agreement made between Mr. Degraves and Mr. M'Mullen was contrary to public policy, and therefore invalid. As the fault was mu tual, the law refuses to interfere, and leaves the parties as it found them. Mr. Degraves, therefore, loses his verdict ; and Sir. M 'Mullen will get no new trial. The judgments are reported at some length in another column. Tho work of deepening the bed of the river in front of the New Australian 'Wharf was suspended yesterday. On making in quiries wc ascertained that the men had re linquished work, owing to the contractor, Sir. Porter, not having paid them their fortnight's wages on Snturday evening. Later in the day the foreman . of the works waited on tho Government inspector,, and in formed him that operations would be re sumed on the following morning. The Pastoral Times, writing of the dispute between the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales respecting tiie proposed bridge over tlie Slurray at Echuca, says that the " Deniliquin Railway directors are again in a fix — tho Governments of Victoria and New South Wales are quarrelling about the plans for the railway bridge over the Murray at Echnca. Sydney Government engineers say the bridge designed by Victo rian engineers is antiquated and ugly — it is to have brick piers, and is high up in the air to allow steamers at all times to pass under it. Again, the approaches in New' South Wales are very costly. Victoria wants New South Wales to pay more than half the cost of the structure and its outcrworks, es timated to be built for £S4,000. The con templated approaches on the New South Wales side were intended to be of embank ments, while Sydney says, why not use piles? In fact, the unfortunate railway directors, after eight years' agitation, have their act. but tliev will have to wait until the two Governments have done quarrelling. Some Government authorities in the Works office at Sydney would quarrel with their old boots." The gas question is still in an unsettled state in Hothnm. The borough councillors soino time ago refused to enter into a contract with the City of Melbourne Gas Company for a series of years on the terms that tho company proposed. Tho matter has now been remitted by the directors to the secre tary of tho company, Mr. Scott, and he is empowered to enter into final arrangements with the council, within certain prescribed limits. Last night a letter from Air. Seetfc was read at tho meeting of the Hotham council, in which he offers to fix six meters to street lamps in various parts of the borough, tlie sites to be agreed upon by bimself and the borough survej'or ; the consumption of gas to bo carefully noted during the month of April, and tho result to form the basis on which the charge for lighting the borough lamps shall bo fixed in tho future. Tho council resolved to consider the proposal in committee of tho whole after the other business had been dis posed of. The recent application of the Collingwood and Fitzroy Gas Company to tlie Alinister of Lands for a grant of six acres of land inArden-street also came under the notice of the council, as a letter was re ceived from the office of Lauds conveying, information to that effect, and enclosing a plan of tho land applied for. This was also referred to a committee of the whole. A somewhat peculiar charge, affecting the character of Air. Hughes, J. p., of Whittle- sea, is at present under the consideration of the Government. On the Cth instant Air. Hughes was brought before tho bench at Whittlesea on an information sworn bv a young woman named Ellen M 'Phillips, charging liini with having, on the night of the 27th of January last,' attempted to com mit a criminal assault upon her person. From the evidence elicited it appeared that the prosecutrix had been fifteen months in the employment of Mr. Hughes as a domestic servant. Or, tho night in ques tion tho girl, according to her state- mcnt, was aroused from sleep by the de fendant, who approached her bed, and placing one hand upon her mouth to pre vent her from giving an alarm, he attempted tho violence complained of. Her screams however alarmed the house, nnd compelled Mr. Hughes to beat a hasty retreat. As ho was leaving the room lie was met at the door by Airs. Hughes. For the defence it was proved that tho girl during tho fifteen monthsslie had been in her situation never had occasion to com plain of undue familiarity on the part of tho (letenaaut. one remained in the house until tho 3rd of February, and the information was not sworn until the Gth of Alnrch, more than a month from the date of the alleged occurrence. The defendant, by way of ex planation, stated that, owing to domestic differences, he did not wish to enter his honse by the front door on the night of the 27th January. In order to avoid disturbing the household, he went to the kitchen, and having 'pro cured a knife, he proceeded to open tho window of the girl's bedroom, by which he could obtain access to the house. Having taken off his boots,he got into the room, and was quietly making for the door when' the girl, without any further cause for alarm than his saying in a mild whisper " Hush" a8 he passed her bed, commenced shrieking and thereby nlarmed the house. On open. ing the door he found Airs. Hughes outside. The magistrates on the bench were so fully satisfied with this explanation that they dis missed the case. It is probable, however, thnt further action may bo taken in tbo inattor by the Government. Air. Saint has made up his mind not to coulcst tho Cnstlcmainc election. For Alary borough another enndidato has cnmc into tho hold. Tho Advertiser reports thnt "Air. Charles Tontcher, the town clerk of Maryborough, has signified his intention to contest the district. Ho proposes to do battlo on the independent ticket— single and alone being his motto." IVo have been requested to state that the Challenger will be open to visitors from two to live p.m. this afternoon. Before the vessel leaves the port, it is prohablo that the Royal Society will have a public dinner and conversazione, at which tho officers and scientific staff of tho Challenger will bo present. Mr. Cooper, the candidate for Normanby, and proprietor of tho Portland Otiardtan, has been served with a writ at tho Buit of Air. J. G. Griffin, engineer of tho Portland shire, for £1000, for publishing an nrticlo in the Quardian charging Air. Griffin with neglecting his shire office . duties and elec tioneering in Air. Cope's favor. Air. Nimmo announces himself as a can didate for Emerald-hill, and will open his electioneering , campaign at the local me chanics' institute to-morrow evening. Somo commotion was caused iu Geelong yesterday, owing to the forcible ejectment of Mrs. Anderson from the house she has so long occupied in the Independent Church Reserve, Great Ryrie.strcot, which was ac complished in the following manner : — sergeant Goodenougli, constable Rahilly, a German named Grosse, and a boy, the first being aimed with a warrant of ejectment and tho latter with a crowbar, entered the premises, took most of the furniture out of the honse, and placed it on the side walk. Then O rosso and the boy proceeded to demolish the house, the roof of which' they pulled bodily on to the furni ture, which, of course, was broken by the falj of the roof. While the house was being pulled to pieces, sergeant Good- enough and constable Rahilly went into the back room, where Airs. Anderson was crying over the destruction of lier house and furni ture, and, each taking her by the arm, led her into the street. Tho ejectment was then considered complete. An iron bedstead, which was left in one of the rooms, was broken and bent so as to be useless, by the debris of tho building falling upon it and forcing it through the floor. It is generally thought that some less harsh means might have been used, as the poor woman has been deserted by her husband for some years, and she has a young family to pro vide for. On the other hand, it is alleged that the trustees of tho church exhausted every means of obtaining possession of the property before they resorted to the Gal way practice as related. Air, Thomas Dickson, one of the candi dates for North Alelbourne, addressed a number of the electors yesterday evening, at Wharton's Woolpack Hotel, Drummond- street, Carlton; Air. W. Barker in the chair. The candidato spoke at some length. A number of questions were put to him, and these having boon satisfactorily answered, a vote of confidence was passed in his favor. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. A domestic servant named Mary Ann Herley brought an action in the County Court yesterday, before his Honor Judge Cope, to recover £250 damages for injuries done to her eye, indicted by a boy about thirteen yearsof age, named William Wheeler. The prosefcutrix on the 10th December last, while in the employ of Air. Arnotto, butcher, of Errol-street, Hotham, was clean ing some windows of the house, and the boy Wheeler, with others, was playing in a right- of-way. A lump of dirt was thrown at VVhceler, and ho, thinking it came from the girl, threw it at her in return. His aim was unfortunately so good that it went through the window she was cleaning, and Btruck her violently in the eye, doing serious injury to tho organ. She was first attended by Dr. Aloore, and afterwards by Dr. Bowcn, the oculist. The boy bad been fined £ 1 0 and £5 costs by the Hotham magistrates for un lawful assault, and the girl now sought damages for the loss of her eye. His Honor gave the plaintiff a verdict, damages £150. A meeting of the Technological Commis sion was held yesterday, when it was de cided that the next school of design exhi bition should be opened on the 1st July. A number of suggestions were received from the schools and carefully considered ; the programme will be issued to the schools in about a week from this date. Cheques were signed for the following schools : — Artisans, Trades' Hall, £27 10s.; South Alelbourne, £1G 103.; Richmond, £3 10s.; Fitzroy, £G 7s. Gd. ; St. Kilda, £3 5s.; Brahran, £2 7s. Gd.; Geelong, £S 2s. Gd.; Ballarat West, £18 10s.; Ballarat East, £10 I2s.'Gd.; Pres ton, £1 15s.; Collingwood, £9 5s.; Sand hurst, £5 5s. ; Brunswick, £2 2s. Gd. Se- bastopol, £3 7s. Gd.; Creswick, £3 17s. Gd. ; St. Kilda girls' school, £-1 15s.; South Rich mond, £7 J 5s.; Geelong girls' school, £5 2s. Gd.; Hotham, £G 5s.; Warrnambool, £2 12s. Gd.; Coburg, £G 19s. 2d. These cheques were at once posted, and the secretary wishes to receive the vouchers promptly. Further discoveries have come to light which prove conclusively that Hume's state ments respecting tho finding of remains of Leicliardt's party arc all falso. On the 1 1th March, the Enterprise steamer, belonging to the South Australian Government, arrived at Rockbampton, from tho Roper River, and somo norsons on hoard fcrnLlx..! +l,n hampton Bulletin with the following informa tion respecting Hume and his doings "Hume was living at the Roper some months ago as horse-finder, and rough rider to the telegraph painty, which is under the supervision of Mr. Ivnuckey, and he (Hume) was never at any time more than fifty miles from the lino of road. Hume was employed by tho Government to search for tlie remains of Leichardt's party at a salary of Gs. per diem, but the public would never have heard anything of the alleged discovery had it not been for a disturbance which took place among the people in the telegraph camp, in tho latter end of the month of De- comber last. It appears that one evening Hume produced a compass which he assorted he had found in the bush, and that it evi- dently had belonged to the expedition, whoso remains he was employed to find. A man named Hewitt laughed at the idea, and said that the instrument looked too new to answer any such absurd statement, and lifting the cap humorously pointed out the name of It. C. Burton (one of tbeoverscers of the te legraph line) engraved insidetlie lid. Hume then forcibly declared that ho would not aUow any man to question his veracity with impunity, anddrew his revolver, threat ening to shoot Hewitt or any one else who presumed to deny the genuineness of this statement. This slight disturbance was re ported to Mr. Knnckey the next morning, and the result was that Hume was dismissed his situation. He then took passage in tho schooner Emily, and made his way south. Some time previously he had attempted to palm off the battered portion of an ancient telescope as part of an instrument belonging to tho unfortunate Lciclihardt, but it was soon proven thnt the little bit of oxidised metal iliulLeen tiirnn'n.a\vnv no nealnoelM> ««« e ii i .7 wuc of tlie workmen. For some time past Air. Greathead has been at Yea for tho purpose of applying his specific for diphtheria, but notwithstanding his efforts the disease is still making head way, and proving fatal in its results. The Alexandra Times states that on Wednesday last Air. Ker, of Killingworth, lost another son, a fine young man of fifteen yenrs of age. He has removed the remainder of his large family to Brighton, where two others have been attacked. During the past weok Mr. Tomkins, of Yea, lost one o! his children' and other members of bis family \re dan'- gerously ill. Two of Air. J. D. D ebster's family are seriously ill. A servant girl at Mr. Oliver's died a few days ago, and there is scarcely a house that escapes tho disease. Air. J. B. Patterson's friends are taking care of his purse for him. At the meeting on Saturday ovoning, when the candidate addressed tho electors of flnsflpmnion xr- H. A. Rowe, in proposing the vote of confi dence, said "he trusted that the electors would record their votes in Air. Patterson's favor without bleeding him too freely.' Thev already had lost a good man by bleeding." This reference to Mr. Zeal was recognised and endorsed by the meeting. Air. Patterson announced his opposition to the ministerial policy as regards tlie Upper House. From the Bendigo Advertiser wo learn that a meeting of miners and others interested in residence areas was held on Saturday even ing at Sandhurst, for the purpose of advocat ing fixed price and deferred payments for residence areas. The following resolutions were earned .— "That this meeting is of opiuion that tho principle contained in the Land Act of 1SC9, that bona fide occupiqr should be allowed to Durchico nit « land at the fixed pricFof £1 'pc? stalinonts of nor icronnin, yin. be extended ho far -is tV P3w others to .purchase resiit'S""! — That IT0 >'cnr,y instalments' R. , , » deputation, consisting of Messr', Blackhani, (.rniuger, Pierce, nndGravS,' pointed to wait upon the representative If the Mandurang and Sandhurst distrir! solicit their influence in favor of tho nrin ciple of the first resolution becoming nan nf the new Lnnd or Alining Bill." P ' An accident, which was attended with, fatal result, occurred yesterday at th« corner of Queen and Lonsdale streets At! two- o'clock in the afternoon a Uttltri, named Anne Thomas, aged five ycam „ siding in \\\ right s-Iane, off Great Lowdafc v.!!et' ,W,a? w,th thrco or four other little children m the road at the cornerofth above mentioned streets, when a cab (N0 1 015), driven by a man named Larry Lanir i over her, the wheel passing over the tean! and ear, and crushing her head. She w«. immediately taken to the Alelbourne Hosri tal, but she must have died almost instan i toncously when the accident happened a, i when she arrived at the institution she wm S found to be quite dead. An inquest will £ j held to-day. The cabman gave himself into ' custody, and a charge was entered again, i him of careless driving, causing the deatb« ' the child. Ho was subsequently bailed o \ ! and will be broughtjbefore the City Bench to day. ' ; A man named William Henderson was ad mitted to the Alelbourne Hospital yesterdav i evening, suffering from injuries to his head ' and knee. He was standing under a veran ! dah in Bourke-Btrect, near one of the iron ! pillars which support the roof, when a cat. 'I man hacked his vehicle on to the footpath 1 knocking the pillar down. It fell first on ' tho man's head, then struck him on the shoulder, knocking him down, and fiaally i dropped on his knee, causing severe inflam! i nation. . < The thirty-fifth anniversary of the Wesley j Church Sabbath school was celebrated on ' Sunday last, two sermons being preached by ' the Rev. Thomas James. Tlie attendance ' in the morning naturally suffered from the 1 drenching rain which fell in the early part j of tbo day, but there was an excellent con. gregation in the evening, the children of the school being prominently massed in a gallery 1 undertlieclioir, erectedfortheoccasion. There' was a largo attendance at the tea meetine: yesterday evening, and at the public meet, ing held afterwards in the church, under tho chairmanship of Mr. T. I G. Atkinson, the school superintendent. i| After tho report had been read by the secre. ; tary of tho committee, a novel feature I was introduced— instead of the customary | speeches, a service of sacred sone, described | as Bunyan's Christiana, being "founded on | the well-known Pilgrim's Progress, was sung J with excellent effect by the scholars, as- J sisted by the organ and choir. The report I stated that the school was considered to be I iu a cheering condition generally, though, ai I usual, more teachers ar e urgently required. I The financial statement disclosed a balance I of £50 12s. Id. due to the treasurer. To. I wards this amount the collections on Sundir I and Monday realised £29 ijs. 9d. ' I An adjourned meeting of the licensed I victuallers of Richmond was held lasteven ;| ing, at the Guild Hall, Richmond. About I thirty members of the trade were presenta Mr. T. Stephens occupied the chair. AfteJ Mr. Forester, tho agent of the Licensrijl Victuallers' Association, had addressed thos I present on the objects which the associatioi I had in view with regard to the fovthconiic; I electioneeringcampaign, Air. King propose!," I and Mr. Dickman seconded, the following I resolution, which was catried unanimously, -I "that a committee be appointed, consistim || of Alcssrs. Alitcboll, J. Eaugliton, IVdm/il King, Stephens, Comfort and Dickman, to | wait on each candidate for Richmond at (he :| forthcoming election, and ascertain his rieirs I on the licensing system and other mailers I affecting the trade, and report to a future | meeting with a view to deciding which 'I two candidates should receive their support at the ensuing election." I The Alinistry arc likely to receive support m for their proposition respecting the reform of the Upper House from nil unexpected?! quarter. On Alonrlay, tho lfith iust, Mr.fl J ohn Duffy, who seeks to succeed his father, I Sir C. Gavan Duffy, in the representation ol Dalhousio, held a meeting nt Alexandra, I and in the course of his speech distinctly stated that "he would be in favor of the Norwegian plan of amalgamating the two I Houses after a measure bad keen rejected I twice. Instead of six provinces hewooid! have twelve or twenty, and the term of office ! reduced to five years." Mr. tieo. Grant, one ! of the electors of the district, moved a vote! of confidence in Mr. John Dufly, and stated! that he (Mr. Grant) had always becu opposed! to Air. Diiffy'8®father, and liopcd that tie! son would uot walk in his footsteps. Tie! vote of confidence having been carried, Mt.il Whitelaw, who has recently withdrawn from! tho candidature of Dulhousic, stated thai why he did so was, that he found himseli! very popular in the .valley of the Goulbnrn, ! but not so in the neighborhood o! Kil-.l more and Kyneton. Be had therefore bvl! mitted the question whether lie or Mi.! Thomson should go to the poll to fonrgen-! tlemon, two appointed by himself and two! by Mr. Thomson, and this jury had decided! adversely to him. He therefore retired. He! regretted Mr. Duffy's opposition tothe Educa- ! tionAct, and felt certain that Air. Thorn! son would he elected, nnd about Kynctoo! would poll two votes to one agaiustMr.! Dufly. ! Tlie inquest into the cause of the recent! fatal railway accident at I'oscwortby.Sontl! Australia, after repeated adjournment, wj>! brought to a close on the 17th inst., whet! the jury returned tho following verdict 'I " Tho jury are unanimously of opinion that J the death of William Gale was the result oil wounds inflicted by the upsetting of ij train on a siding of the A'ortheral Extension Railway, and that snd'j upset was caused by somo person or persoal unknown, maliciously shifting the poinhl leading to the said siding, whereby the tra j was diverted from its proper course." L'l this a rider was attached to the effect thill but for the promptitude and self-possession j displayed by tho men on the engine at the time of the disaster the less of life weaUj have been far greater. The Commissions! of Public Works Btated that the Govern! mcut, taking into consideration the urdi.tl that had been arrived at, had decided lluifl nothing would bo lc.lt untried to bring lb perpetrator to justice. Many ingenious wnys of evading the Lind I Act have been noticed, but the following! case, reported by the Geelong AdtertixrM is the neatest on record "The Land Act! provides that every applicant for land shall peg out the allotment required, him or her-,1 self, A woman being desirous of pegging ! out land in a certain locality, but tmalile tol spare time to visit it, got somo friends toB bring down a casefull of soil taken from the I four corners of the allotment she wished tofl obtain. In tbis soil she placed her four pes, I which were taken back and placed in the® ground, care it is said being taken to keep them well surronnded by the earth wlienij.l was replaced in tho position it urns bclievwiB formerly to occupy in terra Jirma." Yesterday afternoon, as a little girl namel! Elizabeth Flitman, five years old, who resided with her parents at Dndley-street, fiej! Alelbourne, was passing along Spencer-streelj near an adjacent piece of ground, wnereserej boys wero playing cricket, she was strocil heavily on the head by the hall, t»| blow causing concussion of the brain. i A man named Thomas Leadses, ntol Al'Beau, was charged nt the SandhnisI police court yesterday with stealing aqua! tity of sheep, the property of Thomas K>| bertson, of Axedale. Evidence was given" I the effect that prisoner sold a number of tbl missing sheep to a publican named Slattery, at Campaspe, and also to a storekeeper U I Runnymedc. The prisoner reserved his del fence, and was committed to take his j! at the Sandhurst circuit court, to be awl next montii. I Tho Perth Enquirer thiw alludes to tM I contemplated exploratory trip from j"! settled districts of "Western Australia to- 1 wards the overland line of telegraph;-! "Mr. Forrest is busily organising nnd equip 1 ping an expedition, which will leave Cm®' I noil J5uy anout taic beginning or apni- Forrest intends going out by Tailoring a® I Alount Luke, and strike the Aliirehiscn near ATount Gould. The expedition will ttm I follow the Alurchison hivor to its sourtf, and perchauce continue easterly to '"9 transcontinental telegraph line between Aof- laide nud fort Darwiu, though the latter uj not one of the avowed objects of jo party. The expedition will consist « six men, all told, with I horses, and will take about six mn'-i5 sutiply of provisions. Tlie geographic suits from this expedition will h'' I ward to with great interest. It will q!r'' light on over 10U,uCu,CCO acres «f rerrU"'. hitherto, untrodden by white man, -j" 'j I that vexed problem which has so o puzzled those best versed in te/rcfi „)nt ;cs beyond the watershed of iiliysns that unknown region, y jlurohivm- ln tMa fi0m0 other Thioaml other que I"'45 i Hnl the future position nnd pros- nonsnftcctl g Loony wil j,o set at rest expedition now being iitted out "'contrary' tTexpectation, the business of u mfwonce of master saddlers and lbe ?i!n was not brought to a close at journeyrQ Tues(jay night last. She whole of the items contained in the piece The a now disposed of, but many articles 'enumerated therein have yet to be dealt Sth Some important busmoss has still to i 5';«nssed in reference to the practical into effect the object of the society. The secretary was instructed to urge upon stcr saddlers of this city and the suburbs tho absolute necessity of attending be nest and final meeting, so that they L« rid the conference in tho endeavor Jfnlace tho trade throughout tho colonies a firm and legitimate fonndation. The appeal by the Sooiety for the Preven tion of Cruelty to Animals, made to the Itanv of ail denominations, lias been readily met in various directions On Sun. vf, fast the Dev. Jas. Martin, B.A., ' nffiriatiug at tho Baptist Churoh, Collins- fret made reference to the circular letter Lsued by the society, and earnestly recom mended those present to nssist in every way Se society in its efforts in tho cause of humanity. The hon. the Attorney-General gave his decision yesterday in the matter of the appli cation of Mr. A. P. Blake for letters patent for an invention of improved manufacture of explosive compounds heard last Thursday. The applicatiou was refused with costs Mr. De Yerdon for the applicant ; Mr. Waters for the objector. The feud between the squatters and the (electors in the Hiverina district is still being carried on. The Pastoral Times re- mirks that this is being exemplified at Bar- itta station, near Deniliquiu. The lessee, Mr. Ricketson, and a selector, Mr. Barbour, ire'tt war, and the latter built his wooden home close to a line of fence dividing Mr. Eicketson's ground from Mr. Barbour's. Tbe house, moreover, extended six feet over Mr, Eicketson's land, so that the latter with hiimen went down and sawed off six feet of Mr. Barbour's building, propping up the reminder, and leaving it as well as they ' rcald supported by uprights. There were ! (lout a dozen young girls on Mr. Barbour's elections, and Mrs. Barbour begged that' Mr. Ricketson would not carry away the pieces of the side of the house so detached. Mr. Ricketsou then expressed his regret thit he wa3 compelled to act in so appa rently harsh a manner. On Monday about $00 of Mr. Barbour's sheep were caught on Sir. Ricketsou's ground, and he sent them off to the pound, but they wore released by Mr, Barbour's men, and driving fees paid as ike sheep left Mr. Ricketsou's Btation. A bazaar in aid of the funds of the Richmond Dispensary will be opened this afternoon in the local town hall by the hon. tho Chief Seor-etary, Mr. Francis. There is a very extensive and ittnctive collection of goods, and the at- nngements arc such iliat the affair is ex pected to prove in every respect success ful. A defaulter has been found in one of th" Qnreiuland land offices. Tho Brisbane Cviir'ur reports that an officer named Addptns Wohr had been placed in charge iff the Toowoomba office, and it has been discovered that he has embezzled a sum of £1G0. His name appeared in tho passenger list of one of the Sydney steamers, and (ubsei)iiently a friend of his in Bris bane received a letter requesting him to send on to Melbourne clothes and other property that Wohr had left there. Nothinv irould have been known of tho defalcation bad not a selector in tho Toowoomba district applied to the Treasury for a refund of money which had already been transmitted to Welir by that dcpaitmcnt. Then inquiries worn set afoot, and it was found that the Treasury remittance had not been placed to its proper account, lint paid in to the private account of lYehr at tho bank. Tho authorities in Melbourne were telegraphed to to arrent ll'ehr. The Bemliijo Advertiser, reporting the trip oftlicMinistcrof Lands to the Terrieks, states that "the residents ill the neighborhood of Boyle's Hotel wero desirous that a town- iliip should he proclaimed in its immediate vicinity. But an obstacle had been thrown in the way through tljje pegging out, by a selector, of the blqjSfc of land most eligible for the purpose. When the matter was brought under Mr. Casey's attention a short time" ago, he said ho thought the difficulty could he got over by giving ' the selector in question tiro next block in lieu of that which he had taken possession. An objection to this course, however, was raised un the ground that the said selector was a dummy, and that ho had no personal control over the matter. Immediately, how ever, on the suggestion having been made by Mr, Casey, Boyle pegged out the ground which it was proposed to offer in exchange for that taken up on tho proposed side of the township. Mr. Casey complained of thin coaduet, and threatened to disallow Boyle's election ; upon which the latter made an ' iadignant remonstrance, protesting that the department would be robbing his family of their legal rights. The matter, there fore, stood in an embarrassing position . eaougk until Mr. Casey's visit, when the selector of the town block, together with Mr Boyle and some other parties interested, appeared before him. After an inquiry, and some discussion on the subject, it was de cided, with the consent of all the persons concerned, that tho selections of both blocks should be annulled, and that they should form together tho site of tho new town ship." Hamlet was produced last evening at the Theatre Royal, Mr. Fairclough' taking the nk of the Prince. There was a very good tense, and the performance presented many . features of cxceUcncc. In Mr. Fairclough's repertoire. his Hamlet is perhaps his most elaborate and best impersonation. ' The monotony and hardness of his usual stylo is lost in the interest with which ho invests the part, and the life-like terrible intensity which lie infuses into it. There may be nothing original in his acting, ho may even be an exponent of a bad school, but that he is a capable and even o admirable actor at times few will attempt to dispute. Mr. Dnmpier was allotted the part of the ghost of Hamlet's father, and in tare and voice he was well adapted for it. I Mr. Garner was hardly suited to fulfil the 1 i retirements of the part of the King. The I ; Queen, ns represented by Miss Juno, was I faulty in Bome particulars. Her measured introduction and inability to express power ful emotions sadly marred the eff ect of lier I ; acting. Miss Carey's Ophelia was only remarkable for aUowing that young lady to I i indulge in those peculiarities of style with jwhicn playgoers are so familiar. Mr. Stuart O'Brien is nlways at home in the character of : folonius, and last evening he did it every justice. Othello will he performed this ' evening. , Oar nsnal summary for Home readers will be I published in our issue of to-morrow. Mr. Mayall, tho photographer, has forwarded ,e well executed carte of the All-England Eleven, which he purposes bringing out in cabinet size. The detective police require an owner for a quantity of carpenters' tools, found in the pos- leaionof a thief, who was arrested a few days ago. n ' From Mr. J. 'Whitehead we have received copy d Free Trade and Free Enterprise, being the re port of the annual dinnor of tho Cobden Club on 23th June, 1873, and the speeches delivered on the occasion. In the Temperance Hall, Richmond, this evening at eight o'clock, Mr. Jinchan, assisted by mveral ladies and gentlemen, will give bis enter tainment, A Niclit wi' Aiild Freens. Madame Pett will prcsido at the piano. Her Majesty's ship Challenger nnd the German '.frigate Areona will be thrown open to the public thu afternoon. As notified in another column, iteamers will leave tlie Saudridge Railway Pier 't intervals (luring the afternoon, commencing at two o'clock, to convey visitors to and from tho above vessels. H.M.S. Challenger 1ms on hoard a singing fa, conducted by Mr. Havergli, navigating lub-llentenant. Ladies and gentlemen who may Possess copies of part songs and glees, and are willing to givo them for the use of the sailors, ran send them to Mr. Hill, at the City Police bonrt, who will forward thom to the ship, with the names of the donors. ! A free lecture on "The use and abuse of j fatuous liquors, and the best means of combat- jug the evils of intoxication," being a reply to the | lecture by Mr. U. D. Carter, president to the licensed Victuallers' Association, willbedclivered "J the Rev. J. C. Symonsthis evening, in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street.' The hon. E. .vohea will preside. . ' A collection of valuable oil paintings will he hid by auction to-day by Messrs. Gemmell, j Tnekett and Co., at their rooms, 49 Collins-street I west, Amongst the works to he submitted for i.vempetition are several by W. Gale, R.A., Hard- | »ug Smith, Lidderdale, Salmon, W. A. Knell, I Jjuu., Seott, Nettleship, De Visscr, Cousens, Coul- teJ, and a genuine cattle piece by Cooper, R. A. j several very admirable" chromos w'ill also he I 