? NDIGO V. NORTH TASMANIA. FIRST DAY. a 2nd January last Mr Maddox, Secreto the Launcestcn Cricket Club, reed a letter from Mr Glenn, Secretary e Bendigo United CricketClub, coverchallenge for an eleven of that club lay a match against eleven of Nor- •i Tasmania at Launceston. The chal- 3 was duly laid before the Committee be li.C.C. who allowed little time to se before forwarding a reply accepting proposals of the Bendigo Club, and rdingly Monday last saw eleven repntatives of the Eldorado city of Vica on board the Tamar bound for a trip V frght little island." They arrived about noon on Tuesday, and were veyed m cars provided by the LCC e Criterion Hotel, where they took their quarters during their stay, st of them the same day paid a visit to UC.C. ground and had a short prac- , doing ditto on Wednesday ursday dawned bright and clear with nUe nor-westerly breeze, but about the breeze stiffened, the sky became ewbat overcast, and the weather quidcs more than once prophesied that would fall during the afternoon : but y reckoned without their score for f ™ e Payers were at lunch the wind ed the clouds disappeared, and the ther again became delightful. The dance-well, what about the atten- TlvTonnV fT ? Uch better than that w r,, 1^1 oontests cannot be aid but still !t was not what might been expected, for as one of Z ^ representatives remarked, arrangements which are three hundred spectator when Tuch accompanied by C. M. S CUch^ er mbeS navmof C f a * eat * the d, wtth thf 3 ?® Anderson's Circus Si a ?? 6e drove wi to t^ ^up ei ,y "bus" T, « e y bus at S^und in the rt£- half-paet three, and re- mained tail four. A'rather unpleasant accident-in connection ! with the match happened in the morning. . As a waiter from Mr Talmage's, the Club caterer, was bringing the Iuncheon«for the cricketers, when just by the entrance gate to the ground, the horse from some cause, bolted. The driver was immediately precipitated on to the ground, and the animal then galloped off in the direction of the magazine. Just before reaching it, he was stopped, and it was found that several of the dishes were broken and the viands spoilt, and nearly all the bottles containing the wines were also broken. We now proceed to describe the PLAY. Sh ortlyf after the appointed hour o'clock, the Bendigo eleven with umpires Mr Walter for Bendigo, and Mr Long for Tasmania, emerged from the pavilion, Collins having won the toss. Martin and J. Arthur soon followed. The field was disposed of as follows:—Midwinter bowler, Butler point, Conant longstop, Passfield short-slip, Stewart coverpoint, Watson long- leg, Beswick mid-off, Hartley tliird man, Webster long-off, Neill long-on, and Dumaresq short-leg. Midwinter commenced the bowling to Martin. Mr Long no- balled him first ball for delivering outside the bowling crease. He then finished the over without any runs being secured from it. Arthur opened withone for three neatly placed in the slips offWebstera very medium pacedround-arm bowler ; in fact his bowling is more inclined to slow than medium pace. Martin followed with a single off the second ball of Midwinter's next, and runs then came steadily until 20 was registered, Martin then in trying to bring one of Webster's round to leg put it up to mid-on where Beswick secured it, and the board read for the first time—1—8—20. G. Arthur the joined, his brother. J. Arthur got a single off Webster, and one off Midwinter, Webster extending his legs to allow the ball to pass through. G. Arthur commenced with a single to cover, and then got a fine drive to the off from Webster, but the ball being well fielded by Hartley only a single was scored. A by having been run George missed an easy ball for cutting from Webster but got hold of the nefct for three. Mr Long again no-balled Midwinter. J; Arthur then cut Webster for three, and stole a single for a very venturesome run. G. Arthur's hour was now come, for he played a bumpy one from Midwinter into Passfield's hand at short-slip 2—5—33. Bailey had only arrived in time to have the mortification of seeing his partner cut a ball fully six inches out on to his wicket. Glynn, the next man, spooned the second he received from Webster towards Beswick who effected a neat catch, taking the ball close to the ground ; the board reading very unsatisfactory for the Tasmanians 4—0—33. Bailey, who up to this time had not obtained a chance to score, now got a couple for a neat hit to leg ; Ferguson, the latest arrival at the wicket, following for the same number with a hit to the visitors pavilion. The fastest scoring during the innings now took place, 40, 50, 60, and 70, went up in rapid succession, and .sixteen runs were got off one over of Wetater's ! Shortly after 70 appeared, however, Bailey cut one hard to point (his weak spot), and Butler made a grand catch, the ball going into his hands and rebounding out again, when the fieldsman again took it just before it reached the ground. There was weeping and wailing (we won't add gnashing of teeth) in the tent of the Tasmanians, while the greatest glee prevailed in the camp of the Victorians in having so prematurely disposed of this renowned batsman. The board now proclaimed 5—21—73. Atkinson gave the scorers very little trouble, as he played the first ball just past point, and attempted a run where there was not half a run ; he saw his mistake and made a slight effort to get back, but it was too late as the bails were off. ' Collins, the captain of the Tasmanians was the next in the convincing ground, the usual cheer being accorded him. His first was a couple for a snick to leg, and immediately he got three for one in the slips. A bye was now scored ; Collins added a single, and the next ball shaved Ferguson's wicket; both batsmen then got a single, Watson showing a neat piece of fielding. Ferguson then got two cuts for a couple each, and Collins scored four for a hit to deep long leg. The first of the next over from Beswick, who had previously relieved Webster of the ball, proved fatal to the skipper, as he was cleanly bowled. 7—13—96 was the instruction to the telegraph boy. Keating was now Ferguson's confrere. His first attempt at scoring was for a sharp single to the on. Ferguson then got a couple for a cut, Keating adding a like number for one in the slips; this brought the century "P- Ferguson now got a splendid leg hit for four, Keating adding two singlesone bv fluky play to short leg. A bye was then scored. The play now became veiy uninteresting. Keating played at one which went into Midwinter's hands, and. he appealed for a catch, but "riot out" was the inexorable reply of Mr Walter. Ferguson then put a ball over to the bowler Midwinter, and ran right up to t " uaiuresne latter .started, j Keating, however,: managed to reach the vacant; wicket safely, , I n Midwinter's next over Ferguson skied one almpst perpendicularly at the wicket, the ball .dropping into Passfield's hands. He retired with top score, and unquestionably played the best innings of his side, his batting being a treat to witness, and he was greeted with enthusiastic applause on his return to the pavilion. The board proclaimed 8—34- 110. Keating and Barrett between them added nine to the score, when the latter was run out. Taylor, the last man, got a couple in the slips and added two singles, when lie brought the innings to a close by putting one into Passfield's hands iu the slips Keating carried his bat for a very carefully got 15 ; the total score of the innings being 126. At this stage both teams adjourned to lunch. Play was resumed at three o'clock, Stewart and Butler being Bendigo's first representatives. Collins disposed of his field as follow :—Bailey bowler, J. Artlmrwicketkeeper,Martin longstop,Collins point, Ferguson mid-off, Atkinson shortslip, Barrett short leg, Taylor long leg, J. Arthur cover, Keating third man, Glynn third man. Butler took firat over from Bailey, which was a maiden. Atkinson trundled at the Northern end. From his second ball Stewart got a good cut for three, Butler opening his account on the score sheet with a single. Bailey bowled another maiden. In Atkinson's next Stewart got a couple for one which travelled past the long stop, adding there a snick in the slips. Butler then scored a single—a sharp one—and the first ten showed on the board. Another maiden by Bailey, being the third in succession. Butler again got a single, through a not very grand piece of fielding on the part of Ferguson. Stewart having got a three in the slips, and a single, Butler went in for a "sensational," getting five for a very pretty played ball in the slips ; this brought 20 on the board, and the scoring being too fast to please the Tasmanian captain, he went on himself at Atkinson's end. Stewart got a couple off the first over,and Butler four off the second; Bailey having in the interim bowled a maiden. The next five or six Jruns were got in singles, when 30 appeared. Collins retired in favor of Keating; a single only was scored ofl'g his first over-. The first Bendigo wicket now fell, Bailey taking Butler' s middl e stump clean out of the ground. The board showed 1—16—33, by no means a bad beginning. Beswick, the next man, commenced with a single, and the Bendigo umpire now no-balled Keating for going over the crease. Beswick could only add another single, when he was sent to the Pavilion with a decidedly crestfallen appearance by Bailey. 2—1—36, this brought the average down considerably. Midwinter, upon whom rested all file hopes and expectations of Bendigo, and all the fears and quaking apprehensions of Tasmanians, next appeared on the scene. He obtained a couple for a square leg hit,and a single, when lo! his centre stump fell prone to Bailey with a ball, which it pleased some to designate as a "trimmer," a "rum 'un," a " snorter," &c.; Telegraph 3—3—44. Watson, the next man, from his recent performance against the All- England Eleven at Ballarat, was looked upon as a dangerous bat, and he fully proved all that was believed of him. He commenced with a single to square-leg, Stewart adding a couple for a good off drive, and also two singles. Watson then got three for one to leg, Taylor judging the ball badly, and also three singles, following with a couple for a draw. Keating, although bowling well, appeared to have no chance of obtaining a wicket, and Collins went on at his crease for the third time, with his slows. His second made Stewart shake his head, but the third he got away for a single. Watson drove the first he received back to the bowler, who caught it, but it was a "grand stand" catch, and caused some disappointment, as many believed Watson was out. Stewart immediately after blocked one of Bailey's hard 'forward, which the bowler made a desperate effort to secure, but failed. A single was all that was scored off the next over of slows. Atkinson at this time was showing some very neat fielding at midon. Both batsmen got a single, which brought 60 on the board, and Bailey then changed Stewart's leg stump from a perpendicular to a perfectly horizontal position. Stewart retired with a well merited 28, in getting which he showed impregnable defence, and never gave the ghost of a chance, and his comrades and the spectators generally were not s.low to show their appreciation of liis efforts, as he received a perfect ovation on returning to the pavilion. Dumaresq joined Watson, and Tasmania was now virtully represented both at the wickets and in the field, for both Watson and Dumaresq hail from this colony. Although neitherbatsmen pould make familiar with the slows, they appeared unlikely to prove effectual, and Collins, again promoted Atkinson to he crease in place of himself. Atkinson bowled a maiden, and a Tegular blunder then occurred in Bailey's next. Watson played a ball to short leg, and Dumaresq \-----o- -r o „ i^cfc. oiirrew Held the ball for some tune, and at length returned it to Arthur at the wickets, who in like manner failed to pass it to Bailey; had he done so Dumaresq must have been out. This let off gave Dumaresq confidence, and he hit out more freely than before ; Watson also got a splendid leg hit for four, and runs camc steadily until the score reached 78 ; Dumaresq then put one up near the long stop, which Martin was not slow to accept, and the board proclaimed 5—9—78. Hartley, the captain of the Beudigonians, now joined Watson, and between them added 25 runs to the score. Glynn, who had appeared at the crease, vice Bailey, then disturbed the equilibrium of Watson's leg stump; the batsman received any amount of J;uilox on his return to the pavilion. He made top score of his side, and only gave one chance, which was to Arthur, at the wickets. The next over Hartley was. bowled by Keating, who had replaced Atkinson at the northern wicket. The board exhibited 7—9—103, and it was now a question whether the visitors would top our men's score. Webster, the new comer, commenced with a fine off drive for three from Glynn. Passfield also got a triplet by a leg hit, but which should only have been a single had Taylor fielded the ball. Three more singles, and Keating bowled Webster with a hall which just took th3 bails. 8—5—115. Conant and Passfield each got a single, and Bailey, who had relieved Glynn, thai gave the latter his quietus, and 9—8—117 went up as Neil] the last man emerged from the pavilion. Conant then got a fine leg hit, but through a splendid piece of fielding by G. Arthur only a single wa» scored. The same batsman added another single, and Neill broke his d uck with a. couple in the slips, Conant doing ditto, but was then bowled by Keating; the innings closing for 123, or just three lese than were made by the Tasmanians. [t being now six o'clock the stumps were drawn. The following are the scores :— TASMANIA—1ST INNINGS. J. Martin, 111 11 3, c Beswick b Webster 8 J. Arthur, 3 2 32 113 1, b Webster ... 16 G. Arthur, 11 3, c Passfield b Midwinter 5 G. Bailey, 212443221, c Butler b Midwinter 2| W. T. Glynn, o Beswick b Webster " 0 J. A. Ferguson, 211321312111212 3 2 4 1, c Padfield b Midwinter T. B, Atkinson, run out 34 « W. A. Collins, 2 3 11 2 4, b Beswick R. Keating, 12111211 1 1 2 1, not out H. Barrett, 1 2, run out J. S. Taylor, 2 11, c Passfield b Midwinter Byes 11, leg byes 11, no balls 111 ... 13 IS 3 4 7 Total 126 BOWLING ANALYSIS.—Midwinter bowled 160 balls, 44 runs, 8 maidens, 4 wickets, 3 no balls; Webster, 78 balls, 39 runs, 1 maiden, 3 wickets; Beswick, 78 balls, 36 ram, 3 maidens, 1 wickets, BENDIGO.—1ST. INNINGS. T. Stewart, 132331211111132111 b Bailey jjg J. Butler, 111522111 1, bBailey IS J. Beswick, 1, b Bailey l W. Midwinter, 1 2, b Bailey '"3 O. Watson, 131112111114111211 111 3, b Glynn 31 A. Dumaresq, 112 1211, c Martin, b Atkinson 9 E. J. Hartley, 111111111b Keating 9 — Passfield, 1 3 1111. b Bailey ... . 8 W. Webster, 3 11, b Keating 5 F. Conant, 111 2, b Keating 5 W. Neil, 2, not out 2 Wides, 1111. No-balls, 11 fi Total 133 BOWLING ANALYSIS.—Bailey bowled 162 balls, 38 runs, 9 maidens, 5 wickets j Atkinson, 66 balls, 23 runs ; Barrett, 24 balls, 5 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wides ; Collins, 54 balls, 24 runs ; Glynn, 24 balls, 15 run , 1 maiden, 1 wicket, 2 wides ; Keating, 90 balls, 13 runs, 7 maidens, 3 wiekrte, 2 wides. The following is the result of the second day's play up to noon yesterday :— TASMANIA. Second Innings. J. Arthur, 1112111121111, c Midwinter,1> Passford ,. ig E. Keating, 11111211111212, ran out 17 J. Martin, c Neill, b Beswick 0 T. Bailey, 41332, not out 13 J. Ferguson, 11, not out 2 Leg-bye 1, wide 1 ... 2 "With 3 wickets down 49 LATER NEWS. Five wickets down for 83 runs. 