THE JUNE MAGAZINES. No. I. Mr. Gladstone is employing his leisure in investigating the abstruse question of Homer's place in history, and contributes a singularly uninteresting essay on the sub- ject to the June number of the 'Contempo- rary Review.' The Rev. J. L. Davies takes up the cudgels on behalf of the late Mr. Maurice, against Mr. Leslie Stephen ; says some very hard things of his op- ponent, after the manner of polemi- cal disputants generally, and winds up by asserting that the theology assailed by Mr. Stephen in the May number of the Fortnightly Review is "a noble ex- pression of the highest thoughts of modern man concerning the nature and the ways of God." Mr. W. R. Greg continues his gloomy vaticinations with respect to the im- pending decline of Great Britain. He attri- butes her manufacturing supremacy to three causes-(1) abundant coal and iron, both cheap and in proximity ; (2) the indefatigable industry, skill, and conscientious workman- ship of the British artisan ; and (3) our enormous command of capital. He argues that the supply of the first is approaching exhaustion, that the second is being deterio- rated in efficiency and conscientiousness, and that other nations are rivalling us with respect to the third. He anticipates that "England will become a second Holland, greater, richer, more powerful than the first. But she may be a prosperous and happy Holland still, if she only sees her destiny in time, and girds up her loins to meet it as a great nation should." Lord Lytton endeavours to give expression to some rather hazy ideas about undog- matic and unsectarian teaching in common schools, which lead us to infer that he thinks children may be given a "sound hold of positive truth " by some unexplained method of inculcating Christian doctrine without dogma. Some curious facts and startling figures are brought to light in an article on sinecures and saleable offices. We are told, for example, that since the 11th of January, 1832, the Rev. Thomas Thurlow, who was " not only a sinecurist by patent, but a plu- ralist in sinecures, has cost the country £477,900, apart from what he received before he gave up his offices." Professor Tyndall writes an angry paper in reply to some animadversions by a trio of professors on his book entitled the Forms of Water. The quarrel is by no means a creditable one to any of the persons engaged in it. Arch- bishop Manning puts in a rejoinder to Mr. Leslie Stephen's second article on Cæsarism and Ultramontanism. As a matter of course, the right reverend prelate begs the whole question. Starting from the postulate that '' the voice of the living church of this hour, when it declares what God has revealed, is no other than the voice of the Holy Spirit," and that "the decrees of general councils are undoubtedly the voice of the Holy Ghost," the archbishop is, of course, able to prove anything he likes entirely to his own satisfaction. In the Revue des deux Mondes for the 1st of June there is an essay on the "Modern Idea of Right," as exemplified in the intellec- tual theories and public policy of England, France and Germany. The first of these countries, it is contended, makes the in- terests of the greater number the rule of right ; the second bases it on reason and liberty; while the third allows it to be absorbed by superior strength, either material or intellectual. Society in Germany, we are told, is being reduced to a system of forces, where the triumph belongs, de facto et de jure, to the most powerful or the most intelli- gent ; and the steps by which this has been brought about are described with consider- able ingenuity. M. Blaze de Bury's critical disquisition on La Fontaine, apropos of a new edition of his works, is somewhat de trop after M. Taine's excel- lent book on the same subject. But the fabulist's latest critic makes one remark which is worth quoting ; it is upon the singularity of the fact that while the most celebrated women of his epoch, the Thianges, the Sévignés, the La Sablières, found nothing to blush at in his writings, they were frowned upon by Ninon de l'Enclos-"Il y avait un mot sévère a dire sur La Fontaine, et c'est une courtisane qui l'a dit." A lively and graphic account of the diamond fields at the Cape is contributed by an adventurous visitor, some of whose statements, how- ever, must be received with the qualifying grain of salt. His theories with respect to the agencies by which the precious stones were originally deposited in the basins in which they are now found are sufficiently plausible to deserve the conside- ration of the geologist. M. Etienne reviews the poems of a living writer in Italy. Joshua Carducci, whose name has scarcely been heard of in England, and whose verses, translated into French prose, suffer as Bully Bottom's head did. As a new constitution is on the anvil in Paris, M. Picot thinks it a good opportunity to investigate and explain the electoral laws which were in force during the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries in France ; though we don't exactly see what bearing these can have upon a totally different state of society, furnished with totally different political institutions. The Revue's annual notice of the progress of art in the country, as indicated by the paintings and statuary exhibited in the Salon, is from the pen of au ex-ambas- sador and distinguished statesman, M. E. Duvergier de Hauranne. His estimate of the present state of things may be inferred from the following passage:-"The farther we advance, the more do we perceive the cor- ruption of art. A little while ago it found its inspiration in the shop of the costumier ; but now it busies itself with enigmas, mons- trosities, and duperies. The painting of genre becomes a magazine of bric-a-brac, or a suc- cursal to Barnum's Museum. What reaction can be looked for against this gross charla- tanism, and against these refinements of bad taste ?" Those who remember the state of feeling in England when public opinion compelled the Government to declare war against Russia, on behalf of Turkey, will be apt to read with some degree of astonishment the first article in Fraser, in which the absorption of the sick man's estate by the great landowner next door is assumed to be inevitable, and the acquiescence of England is accepted as a foregone conclusion. " There will in all pro- bability be no fighting this time," we are told, " when the legions cross the Pruth or land at the Porte, and the fine iron-clad fleet will pass over to the hands of the enemy without another Sinope." In fact, says the writer, " it will be a good thing for Turkey, and no harm to the world, when the long-medi- tated conquest is completed." Mr. Leslie Stephen handles Mr. Ruskin's recent writings very roughly, asserting that he suffers from a kind of mental incontinence ; that he strikes at evil too fiercely and rapidly to strike effectually ; and that " he practises the art of saying stinging things, of which the essence is to make particular charges which we feel to be true, whilst we are con- vinced that the tacit generalisation is unfair." Mr. Sayce gives us the result of the latest discoveries in Assyria, of which he observes that " just enough has been revealed to us to show what incalculable treasures still lie buried under the sands and marshes of the far East." " Shirley" contributes a delightful paper entitled "Ornithological Reminis- cences," in which he says, " I wish we could tench our boys natural history--that is, the history of the laws of God as seen in the instinctive ways of beasts, and birds, and fishes, as well as unnatural history, that is, the history of the laws of the devil, as seen in the destructive ways of kings, and priests, and men in general," Mr. F. W. Newman summons religion to the bar of ethics, returns a verdict in favour of the morals of Christianity, and utters some home truths with respect to the free religionists of America. A strong case is made out in favour of cottage gardens by the writer of a paper on the condition of the rural poor in Sussex, which contains some curious details of the changes which social life has undergone in the southern counties of England. Mr. Escott reviews the late Lord Lytton's last three books, of which he observes that while there may be errors and exaggeration in the execution of them, there is nothing that is not admirable in their design. According to the author of a paper on "Convent Boarding Schools," there are now 20 convents in Scotland, 238 in England, and 230 in Ireland, while the number of nuns in each community ranges from 50 to 100. Taking the mean, there must be 36,500 women who have devoted themselves to a cloistral life in the three kingdoms. Some interesting speculations on the political con- sequences of army reform are to be found in the concluding article, the writer of which is of opinion that the army is not unlikely to become the strongest trades union m the country He says :-- " The party of progress in Prussia has not yet recovered from the heavy blow dealt by the successes of 1866; the Liberals in Eng- land will before long be at issue with their own child. It will be a strange instance of political retribution if a measure which the Liberal party forced despotically through both Houses of Parliament and strained the Constitution to carry should result in giving the reactionary party a firm and compact phalanx of adherents, on whose support in any close struggle between themselves and their opponents they could implicitly rely." Macmillan opens with a critical notice and summary of the recent topographical works which have been published in relation to Rome. It is from the pen of Mr. E. A. Free- man, and is chiefly designed to show that the architecture of that city, when it was at its best, was really a transition from the Grecian ; and that the modification of it which we now term the Romanesque was the immediate parent both of the Norman gothic and of the flamboyant. Schemes of church reform are as plenty as blackberries , and a contributor to this magazine brings forward his pet project which involves the purchase of saleable advowsons, at an estimated cost of £10,000,000 by the state, which is to recoup itself by the taxation of church pro- perty for a term of years. He justifies his proposition by asserting that "the church is not converting the people to a life of practical Christian morality, inspired and fashioned by the life of Him whose name she bears, that the masses in large towns are almost untouched by religious ministrations, while there is clearly but an imperfect sympathy between the clergy and the agricultural labourers, and that a large part of the theology of the national church is growing ever wider apart from what may fairly be called the estab- lished scientific thought of the nation. Miss Octavia Hill gives us a painful insight into the homes of the London poor, together with a disheartening idea of the magnitude of the evil which has to be grappled with in that vast congeries of cities. On the other hand some of the facts quoted are of a very encouraging character. She states for instances, that numerous experi- ences have convinced her "that houses may be bought, pulled down and rebuilt and the rooms in the new buildings let at less than the rent which was paid on the original houses, and yet a return of five per cent net profit be made to the landlord on all moneys laid out, whether in purchase demolition, or building operations." She adds, on the authority of the Metropolitan Dwell- nigs Association, that "while the population of Westminster--the most densely populated part of the metropolis--is only 235 persons to an acre, they can house 1,000 persons to the acre, including in the area the large court yards and gardens attached to their blocks." Mr Goldwin Smith, enlightened by his American experiences, contributes a sensible paper on Female Suffrage, in opposition to the views of Mr. Mill. He contends that "in all cases, if power were put into the hands of the women, free government and with it liberty of opinion, would fall. In France it is morally certain that at the present mo- ment if votes were given to the women the first result would be the restoration to power of the Bourbons with their reactionary priesthood, and the destruction of all that has been gained by the national agonies of the last century. The next result would be a religious crusade against German Protest- antism and Italian freedom." This would be a heavy price to pay for the "etablishment of female suffrage. An adverse criticism of Mr. Fronde's English in Ireland, by Mr. Lecky, will repay perusal by all who desire to hear both sides of the question ably argued. 