THE REV. W. B. ANDREWS' . FAREWELL SERVICES. The Rev.W.B. Andrews, of Christ Churcli, Mount Gambier, who leaves here to- morrow to assume the incumbency of St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, delivered liis farewell sermons before large congregations on Sunday last. In the morning Mr. Andrews founded an excellent discourse on Acts viii. 39-"And ?when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, and the eunuch saw liim no more ; and he went on his way rejoicing." In the course of his sermon the rev." gentlemau made reference to the separation which was about to take place between himself and the Mount Gambier con gregation, a resumb of his remarks on which we present. He said that iu the brief hour of his interview with Philip the prospects of the eunuch, as an immortal being, were utterly changed. Through seeing and hearing Philip he took up a new position, not in the society of men, but in the universe of God, and he went on his way rejoicing, for it was now the way to heaven. There might be many such Divinely ordered meetings in this world. Trackless as the mazy wilderness their life's journey might appear, but it was surely all mapped out, and that with a Divine regularity. If God was designing mercy for their souls they were on a path where there should meet them-not per haps those whom they should have chosen, or sought out, or expected to fall in with-but whom He lrnd prepared and sent as the instru ments of that mercy. So perhaps it was es pecially so in reference to those whom God had appointed to minister to them in hcly things. Mr. Andrews went on to speak of the ministry of .the Gospel as illustrated this narrative, and said he might be permitted to say that if only one pure ray from the Sun of Kigliteous iicss had been conveyed to _ the souls of any single individual by. the ministry which was now terminatiug among theni, it had beeti crowncd with infinitely more success tlmii ft deserved 5 and if any, cither by public ministry or private admonition, had attained clearer views of Jesus as '' the way, the truth, aud the life," or had had their hearts warmed to'Him as the" deliverer from sin, the source of everlastiug righteousness, and the refuge from the judgment to come-this was enough to swallow up every fear and humiliation under which that ministry had been carried 011. They were told that " the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip," from .which they were certain he did not leave. at his own instance and by his own judgment. The ways of His ministers were ordered by the Lord. It was not for them to decide whether they would go to this or to that place and continue there such a time," as it was for. those in business, whose object was to buy and sell and get gain. The eunuch would naturally have kept Philip and made him, from whom he had re ceived such comfort, his companion for a time ; and Philip, on his part, would naturally have wished to continue longer with the ennnch, But this was not to be ; and their separation was as marked and sudden as-their coming together. It might be asked, Why was this ? One purpose in his removal might have been Philip's humilia tion. He had been much honored, and was now to be reminded that" lie was a mere instru ment in the hands of God; but the convert could do without him and rejoice without him the fountain of Divine grace that he had opened would flow on in his absence. When God was done -with His ungodly instruments of vengeance He often cast tfcem away, and when He was done iwith His godly instruments of mercy He often called them away, each for the same purpose^ that His hand alono might be seen both 'in I justice and in mercy, that "in all things He might be-glorified through Jesus Christ." Thus they saw,the e;unuch go on his way even rejoicing though Philip could ho longer be with him, for God and His truth were with him. Ministers must be reminded of how little account they were in the great world of salvation, lest they "should be wise in their own conceits." In bringing this man to the knowledge of Jesus PInlip was perhaps neither tlio beginner nor the finisher of this great work: he was a very inter mediate instrument in it, and perhaps another minister, better fitted, was appointed by God to perfect what he had begun. Therofoie, lie was carried away, having done tlio work 'appointed him to do. -Philip was an evangelist, whose office was a distinct one, implying elementary teaching only. He/who. called sinners to Christ was not always the best fitted to build them up in their most holy faith. There were evangelists, prophets, pastors, and teachers, all representing distinct gifts and qualifications " for the1 per fecting of the saints, for the WQrl; q{ % » ministry, for the edifying of the body of, Christ." And thus it was that one minister might toe Divinely appointed to make way for another, not because of utter unfitness, but because his part of the work was . done. " There were diversities of gifts but the same spiritj and differences of administrations but. the same. Lord," and. these diversities and differences were often brought," under the-; Divine providence, to appear in succession before congregations and individuals: " Paul planting, Apollos watering, but God giving the increase." The Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip that the eunuch saw him no more, but it was probable that some one else took his place, meeting the convert at a" different stage of faith and entering iuto tlio former labours. Another obvious reason for Philip's dismissal was that he was wanted else where.- These considerations, in however slight and imperfect a .degree they might apply to modern ministrations, seemed to compensate for all the pains (in many instances) of separation between a people ana their pastor. Perhaps Philip mid tue.eunuch never met again in this life, but they would soon meet again m a higher and more blessed society where they " would go no more out." The bond was already estab lished between them which no wanderings in this world could break. They were "fellow citizens with the saints, members of the house hold of God," and among such the separation even of deserts and seas would be no separation at4all. He (Mr. Andrews) knew not whether they would ever see each other again in this life. Life was too chequered and uncertain to reckon confidently that .they should, but he felt confi dent that there was in the hearts of many of them the earnest of ahappier mectiug, where all those infirmities and hindrances that made them now comparative strangers would be taken away, and they should be presented to each other cleansed, renewed, and perfected, " knowing even as they were known. Meanwhile, they might, and certainly should, so far as they were in Christ and Cluist in them, go 011 their Christinn way re joicing. It was a way, which though it might often seem dark and roughened by earthly affliction, yet was the way to heaven, aud every step would throw more light upon it if they obeyed the pre cept of the Apostle-" Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling, for it is God that worketh in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure." " A little while what a power attached to those words of their blessed Lord, descriptive of all earthly separations ! When they looked forward across the vast ex panse of eternity, and thought how soon they should be there-how soon theysliould be reapiug the seeds they hod.been sowing during the time of this mortal. life 1 The Lord judge between them and him whilst absent from each other. The rev. gentleman concluded by saying, there was one thing they could do in that absence to promote each other's welfare. Samuel said to the children -of Israel when they repented offending God by demanding a king-" As for me, God forbid that I should sin against the Lord by, ceasing to pray for you." They could pray for each other, and they had need to pray. They must be mindful of him in his weakness and impatience in what might befal him, and lie should not be unmindful of them with reference to the past. He must pray that God would keep those of them who were in the way of life stedfast in the faith. Some of them, too, it was to be feared were not yet jn the right way-had not yet decided to be followers of Christ, and he must pray that the Spirit of God might descend upon them and lead them to the truth. I11 the evening Mr. Andrews preached from I Samuel, xii. 24-"For consider what great things He hath done for thee." In concluding, he said if there wns one thing in parting he would like them to bear in mind it was this To consider and have in daily thought nnd remembrance the great things God had done for them. He commended tliem all to uso the word of God's grace that it might be a word of gracc and comfort to them, nnd hoped that the Holy Ghost would descend upon them and lead them to the Saviour. 