iv i TH ff men is iNcoitroi»TKi> TÜS GLADS TO NTS OBSERVER. \ PUBLISHED DAILY. TU KS DAY, FEBRUARY Hi, 1874. i IN view of thc debasement which surrounds municipal government in the metropolitan city of Queensland, the people of Rockhampton have just cause for pride and thankfulness. Years ago a Little J'eddlington spirit permeated all public matters at Brisbane, and now that the eily bas in many respects outgrown its early weaknesses, the old taint still adheres to its civic institutions. The City Council is a bear-garden, the public streets arc disgracefully kepi, and the character of the Corporation is a reproach to the citizens. No wonder lli.il in such circumstances all hope of restoring the reputation of the Council has been abandoned, or that relief is sought through the intervention of Parliament, and the reincorporation of the city under a special Act. il is in no spirit of exultation that we write thus of the metropolitan Counc il. On the contrary, we observe its degrada- tion with genuine reg.et. Thc example so set cannot but have a deteriorating effect upon municipal institutions in otherparlsofQueensl.md. and tend tobring the beneficent principle of self-govern- ment, upon the healthy development of which thefulureprosperity of thecolony is largely dependent, into haired and con- tempt. \Vhen, as occurred at the recent election of mayor al Brisbane, one alderman was permittee! lo make a bur- lesque of the proceedings by a disorderly motion to the effect that another alder- man be appointedchaplain to the Council, and when a disappointed candidate for the chair was allowed lo instill the MAYOR elect with impunity, it is im- possible not lo feel that in a measure the whole colony is disgraced by sucb pro- ceedings. Had a proper feeling existed amongst thc aldermen, such irregularities would not have been tolerated for a moment, and such men as Messrs. GRAYSON and BII.I.KIT would have dis- covered thal the taproom and not the council chamber was their proper sphere of action. .Much might be done to redeem the civic reputation of Brisbane, were greater public spirit displayed by the citizens. lint politics alone seem capable of exciting the people of the metropolis to energetic action. They are ever ready to hold an indignation meeting to denounce a " sipialting government," or abuse a representative 'who bas dared to vole against the popular wish, but the discreditable conduct of aldermen is always deemed beneath notice. Il is naught that the city rivals Cologne for the variety and pungency of its slinks, or that lhere is not a well-kept gutter within the whole civic boundary, lt is liol in such matters that thc metropolitan nose scents corrup- tion, bul in the circumstance that Conservative politicians have dared to exert an influence on the legislation of the country. lt would be far more creditable lo our Brisbane friends if, without neglecting to display an enlightened interest in the po- litical affairs of the colony, they would reserve their vials of oratorical «Tath for the heads of their civic functionaries, whose ill conduct and incapacity threaten to not only make shipwreck of municipal government, but also en- danger the health and lives of the citizens. Of course il would be unbecoming to the metropolitans to follow (he example of the second (own in the colony in any maller, and especially so in dealing with their public institutions. Yet we may he permitted lo suggest lhai a leaf or two might be taken out of our book willi great advantage 1o the ciii/ens of Bris- bane. If, for instance, the present me- tropolitan aldermen could be induced by the pressure of public opinion to resign in a body, it is very unlikely (hal an entirely new Council' would not prove a vast improvement on any Corporation thal Brisbane has yet been blessed willi. New blood cimwi he introduced with advantage where there has been a loo free admixture of had blood, and hence the nou-vecupei alive effect of the ordi- nary annual elections. But once stall willi a clean sheet, and the names at- tached lo it would be found lo represent men not only of purer blood, but also of vasily improved intellectual and moral perceptions and capacities. ll appears, however, thal a bill for the Incorporation of thc City of Brisbane has already been prepared, and will be submitted to Parliament during next session. What the general character of this measure is has not yet transpired. ' Hut it contemplates one alteration which can hardly fail to prove beneficial. It provides that the MA VOR shall be elected by the general body of ratepayers, instead of by the aldermen from among themselves. After the recent display al Brisbane, it is evidently time that some change of the kind were made ; and in Rockhampton circumstances have occurred which indicate that even here thc present mode of electing the MAVOR sometimes furnishes an occasion for undignified intrigues and ill-concealed jealousies. The question therefore arises -Wily is a special bill of incorporation necessary for thc metropolis ? and why- not extend the advantages of reform to municipalities generally ? This inquiry, it may be presumed, will be pertinently suggested in thc Legislature when thc Brisbane Incorporation Hill comes under consideration, and it will have to be conclusively answered before the measure is permitted to become law. In several other respects the municipal laws of thc colony are in need of amendment. This was fully acknow- ledged by the late ( jovernment, whose intention il was to introduce an amend- ing and consolidating measure on the first good opportunity. Hut for sonic years past the redistribution question, and the factious obstruction offered to the late Government, prevented legislation on so comparatively trifling a matter as muni- j cipal reform. Happily the redistribution question is now disposed of for a time, j and factious obstruction is a thing of the ¡last It may therefore be hoped that, despite the declared urgency of land legislation, and the two sets of Estimates requiring lobe dealt with next session, il may be found practicable to j secure consideration for a new Munici- j polities Hill, and legislation on other j important subjects of domestic reform, j 'Chere is just one point on which ; observation wan-ants us in pointing out a widely-spread error. The practice in this colony has been to require purely honorary service in the Mayoral chair. This we believe to be one cause of the general inefficiency of municipal govern- ment in the colony. A Mayor's duties ; are onerous and constant. The honour | attached lo the office is certainly a trifling compensation, but docs r.ot out- weigh the discomfott and anxiety encountered by its occupant. To attract amable men of high standing in | the community, some other compensa- tion must bc provided, and that, we believe, would be supplied by an animal vote lo defray the expenses incidental to the chair. Payment for services ren- dered is not desired, but it is too much to expect a man to incur great labour j and responsibility, and also set himself up as a target for philanthropic ladies and audacious male collectors, lt is a Mayor's special privilege to head all subscription lists, and as the ultimate "allie of such documents is de- pendent upon the figures set against the first autograph, His WORSHIP'S liberality must be stimulated lo the requisite pitch by an irresistible artillery of words. The j most obdurate of Mayors never closed j his purse, or failed to surrender al cbs- 1 cretion to the lady collector, when " With blandished parlej's, feminine assaults, Tongue batteries, she surceased not." Hence, if the ratepayers of the colony | would make their civic chairs attractive, | the example set by Rockhampton in this respect must be generally followed, liven mayoral honours may be purchased at too great a cost. As was once quaintly observed, " Fame is a revenue payable only to our ghosts." A J:KSI»I;XT of Taroom, Br. Tjonis Hon. Hinger, ¡1 native of liermauy, died suddenly ut IMby on Tuesday last from disease of tim heart, lie hail stilfcrcd for some time past from that distressing complaint, ami hail gima on a visit to Dalby to spend .1 fow weeks, in the IMHO of alleviating lu's ctuid'tion, when In; was overtaken by death. Dr. Henninge!'was a resilient nf Taroom fur a nuinhur nf years prior to his death, ami was helli in high esti- mation hythe inhabitants of the town cul district, nuil wa* universa"y respeetcil by ! those who had the pleasure oí hisacuuiiiitaticc. We regret to state that he leaves a w Mow and four children totally unprovided for. A MIN uamoil Michael Burlie, a labourer, was adniittod into the hospital yesterday lifter, nunn with his light font badly crushed. It appears that thc unfortunate fellow, who was employed oil thc railway extension, some distance beyond Westwood, was at work i'l a cutting, when a bank of earth suddenly gave way and fell upon him, a large «tone .striking him'III tho foot, inflicting a very sori'ius wound. Ile was immediately extricated and forwarded to tuwu by thc train, the injured limb being roughly 1 minni up with a few bandages ¡ind some pieces of cloth. He is not expected to be again lit for work for Rome time to como. Tm: friends of Mr. Wi"',nn Hopkins, sta- tioner, will have been pleased tn rem! in last Saturday's Bnflcfitt thoiiilieial assignee's repot ¿ in thc matter nf Mr. Hopkins' insolvent csUtv. lt appears thal despite tho forccil sale of thu stock in one lot at auction, and the summary collection »ifdelit- sby the ollicial assignee, thc estate has yielded witlc'i a hundred pennis nf thc liabilities. This proves that when 11011m-eil upon Mr. Hopkin* hal really a eoiui,lura!i'.. surplus of assets, and tint lie w.n a v'etim t 1 the excessive powers .sometimes exercised hy sharp creditors by virtue or seeret lii"s ul" sale. Mr. Hopkins has now recoiiiuc'ir-cd business, and will no doubt retain the ofen- sivo connection he hail acquired l».y several j'cars of industry .-cid attention t j 1rs cus- tomers. Tm: prospectus "f Hie Cooli omi lTr,:th1 appears i'l mir column . to-day. A "< if.s naine implies, tho new jouiii:' wdl'lie pul il isl, ed at Cooktown, 011 thc làil.avmir Uiver, the millet <>f thc Palmer gnld lii ld. The propiielor ;s Mr. W. II. |" Hailey, who hus had long experience "i thc newspaper business in Kock - hampton, ,u"l ¡ms proved himself a man nf energy ami industry. Thc printing p'aul, wo understand, is entirely new, having just boen purchase,! in Sydney, lt in already nt il" destination, and there is little doubt thal tli-3 lU-i'tibl will make its appearance at the adver- tised time-carly in April. Thc now journal may be expected to have a considerable circu- lation on thc northern gold-lields. 