Duke of Edinburgh's Marriage. (CABLE DESPATCH.) ST. PETERSBUNG, January 23.—The marriage ceremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Princess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in tne VI inter Palace and the various gallenes. The ladies were sumptuously attired, tile pre vailing costumes, particularly m{ Russian ladies, were velvet aud diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception of the American diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamberlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princes Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prince Arthur. Then came the bride aud the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was spl.-n -didly apparelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed an immense procession of the Im perial family, priests, friends, princes, and court officials. The luijierial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Im perial that of a Prussian ColoueL All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in dark crim son velvet, with diamond coronet and collar, aud pearl necklace. The Inqierial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess' dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russiau Church of the Holy Synod, bear ing crosses aud sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bride groom to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur and the Grand Dukes. The weddiug rings, borne on golden salvers, were deposited on the altar tem porarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride and bridegroom. The magiiificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet crimson aud gold carpet; the pilUrs and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held sus|iended over the heads of the bridal pair,—Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Sergiu* over that of the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said: " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this handmaiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost" Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, waa relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, sth chapter, 20th and 23rd verses were read. After the reading was concluded, the marriage at Cana of Gallilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married conple walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacra mental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor pre senting the cross, which both kissed. After wards the choir sang " Glory to Thee, O Lord !" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services, the procession then slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of Westminster Abbey, officiated. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during the solemnizatiou of the Greek Church service, wore a Protestant Epis copal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared at the altar wearing .an Episcopal surplice with a jewelled collar of the Order of the Bath around his neck, was assisted by the two resident English clergymen. Both the American and the English colony were gathered on the left of the altar. Conspicu ous among them waa Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in full costume, were also present Especially notable was the vener able Prince Gortschakoff, surrounded by leading members of the Russian nobility. The Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister bids, in long crimson dresses. When the marriage pro cession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was theu impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, " God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost—bless, preserve, and keep you," was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly- married couple. Several Roman Catholic dignitaries were present The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced ; the bridegroom grave, self-pos sessed. The Princess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy—the image of her mother, Queen Vic toria. The Prince of Wales was apparently on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress of Russia being a confirmed invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd dis persed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of'the public squares took place, and the general scene was oue of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of cere mony, wealth, pomp, and splendor. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accom panied by the Emperor and officers of the Court The festivities were continued after the retire ment of the happy couple, the Emperor being present Sadness.—There is a mysterious feeling that frequently passes a cloud over the spirit. It comes upon the soul in the busy bustle of life, iv the social circle, in the calm and silent retreat of solitude. Its jwwer is alike supreme over the weak and iron-hearted. At one time it is caused by a single thought across the mind. Again, a sound will be booming across the ocean of memory, and solemn as the death-knell, over shadowing all the bright hopes and sunny feeling* of the heart. Who can describe it, and who has not felt its bewildering influence l Still it is a delicious sort of sorrow, and, like a cloud dimming the sunshine of the river, although < casting a momentary shade of gloom, it enhance* the beauty of returning brightness. SriciOE of a Biro.—A correspondent of the Herald of Health writes : A few years ago we were presented with a fine pair of birds (turtle ringdoves), and they cooed and were as happy as doves or other beings can be when they love each other. They had several offspring, and would never trouble themselves about them after they were able to take care of themselves. So time went as merry as a marriage bell ; but, alas ! a few days ago the female bird got sick and died, and, would you believe it f the mate refused to take either food or drink, and when forced to take some, he would spit out whatever did not go down his throat far enough, then throw him self violently on his back, as much as to say, I will not live without my mate. We tried to pacify him by putting another bird in the cage with him—one which looked very much like the dead one—but it was of no use, he was deter mined to commit suicide ; and after careftdly feeding him, by forcing a few crumbs dowu hi* throat, we left him the fifth night only, to find him in the morning lying stiff aud cold on his back, precisely iv the j>osition he would throw himself into after hit* mate died. A more satisfactory " clothes philosophy" than that of Thomas Carlyle has been reasoned out, and is conscientiously lived up to by a tribe in Old Calabar, on the Western Coast of Africa, whose habits are alluded to in the rgiort uf Consul Livingstone, just published. The habits of the tribe are simple and their wants are few. A Jesuit padre at one time used oil his arts to induce theu to work a little harder in order to improve their condition. Said he to the atten tive Bubes—" If you were to work a little more every day, you could get clothes and houses like white men." " But," replied the Bubes, with irresistible logic, "we don't want to live inside clothes and houses. You white men work and make slaves of yourselves to buy clothes and houses ; we are wiser and live M God made us, like the bird* aad heart*." I 