Town Talk. BY RAMBLER. Palmerston in arms! and loud and bitter condemnation of the action of the Government in closing the Warden’s Court. To Englishmen possessing the feeling of loyalty inherent in every true British heart, this unparalleled and unconstitutional action on the part of responsible Ministers of the Crown is most monstrous. I am utterly in the dark as to the reasons which led to this unheard of interference with the course of British justice (I had nearly written South Australian). A gentleman is appointed as Chief Warden under the full conviction that he enjoys full power—such as a Chief Warden has a right to expect. The Government endorse this by making the appointment, and yet in the most summary manner now virtually cancel the appointment by suspending the Court, thereby implying their want of confidence in the integrity of the Chief Warden in deciding the cases at issue. A gratuitous insult is thus offered to the Warden by the powers that be, and that in the most cowardly manner it is possible to conceive. The Warden has the confidence of the litigants; may I say as much for the Government? The answer is patent—No, a thousand times no! Mr. Connor has been tried and found all there when wanted. Honor and justice have been dispensed with with no sparing hand. Right has conquered might since justice has been administered by a man of honor, and by one who is not afraid of rendering justice where justice is due. The question arises, where is this to end? Are we to have law and order in this province, or is Lynch law to be proclaimed and Vigilance Committees to be appointed? Already the effects of closing the Court are exemplified by the fact that “jumping” is rife. We hear sundry rumours that men have jumped Winn’s claim at Yam Creek, and the Royal Standard at Pine Creek. What is there to prevent violence being used in resisting the encroachment of jumpers since we are told there is no law in the land? The balance of justice is overturned, whilst the scales are trodden under foot by our lawmakers. Such is the issue. “Exult ye proud patricians, the hard fight is o’er; We strove for honor—’twas in vain—for freedom, ’tis no more. We are Englishmen—Britannia’s boast and pride—and yet we live to see the day in an English-speaking colony, a dependency of the British dominions, where the majesty of British law, the bulwark of her fame, is set at nought, and contemptuously ignored by those whose duty it is to see the honor and integrity of that law carried out in its spotless unstained purity. Well may we ask— “Shall the vile fox earth own the race that stormed the lion’s den? Shall we, who could brook one Lord, crouch to the wicked ten? Oh for the ancient spirit that curbed the senate’s will; Oh for the tents which in old time whitened the Sacred Hill. In those brave days our fathers stood firmly side by side; They faced the Marcian fury–they tamed the Fabrian pride.” Had there been five thousand determined miners in the country when this most iniquitous stoppage of justice occurred, it is probable that riot and bloodshed would have been perpetrated. Fortunately, instead of thousands we number our population by hundreds only; but the worm will turn when trodden upon; and if the Government still persist in their suicidal policy, utterly regardless of the laws of right and wrong, they must be prepared to encounter the strongest opposition by the people of the Northern Territory, even as the men of Ballarat successfully resisted the tyrannical and vexatious laws then in force, causing Eureka to become a by-word among the miners of the Southern hemisphere. It is well to bear in mind that miners are not to be trifled with— “Lest when our latest hope is fled, ye taste of our despair, And learn by proof in some wild hour how much the wretched dare.” In a former issue I gave a snake story from Yam Creek, and at the commencement implied a doubt at the accuracy of my information. In this I have been taken to task by the individuals in question, both of whom are now in Palmerston. I am assured that the story was a positive fact, with the exception of the length of the snakes—the large one being 6 feet 4 inches in length (not 4 feet 4 inches, as I stated), and the other, which was found inside, measured 6 feet 2 inches by actual measurement. Therefore I hasten to make the amende honorable, and trust the heroes of that hard- won fight will receive it in the spirit in which it is offered. I read official documents occasionally, and was much amused on perusing the instructions given to the Protector of Aborigines. I trust our worthy doctor is progressing in his Larrakeeyah, and hope he will ere long lab-bab with the best of them; but I’m a doubtest. The poetical and euphonious language of our sable brethren of Port Darwin is not to be picked up so readily as our law makers would have people to believe; whilst gratitude for favors done is not a remarkable trait of the noble savage, who would as soon accept your peace offering of a bag of flour, and ten minutes afterwards send his spear on an exploration tour through the human form divine. Such at least is my opinion of these children of the woods. However, clause 7 of the Regulations is necessary, and I would call the attention of the Protector of Aborigines especially to that clause, and think that beneficial results would accrue if the medical officer paid a visit occasionally to the black’s camp. A pugilistic encounter among the fair sex is an event in Palmerston, and a confused image of broken plates, handfuls of hair-dishevelled tresses, &c.;, &c.;, rises unbidden, even like Banquo’s ghost, to haunt my midnight dreams. The famed Kilkenny cats was nothing to it. That policeman was a bold man when he interfered to save these fair ones from themselves. Even Mr. Smith felt awed by the Amazonian spirit which animated at least one of the fair combatants; and the look of haughty defiance thrown at the legal gentleman seemed to stupify him, and meant, “Don’t insult me, or I'll serve you even as the fisherman of Palmerston was served.” And when in cross-examination he sought to gain a point or extract a laugh by praising the beauty of her eyes, he was quietly taken down by her remarking, “Sir, I did not come here to hear about the beauty of my eyes, but for justice, Sir, for justice,” a most extraordinary statement, I should think in any Court of justice, but extremely so in this part of the world. Bravo! Yam Creek! I’m glad to see that the people are fully alive to their interests, although stuck in the mud in this glorious country during the wet season; yet they come forward and endorse the action of the Palmerstonians in re the public action with reference to the closing of the Warden’s Court. By the way, who is going to pay the expenses of witnesses, &c.;, during this delay. Of course the Government having arbitrarily stopped litigation, will no doubt arbitrarily insist upon paying expenses, more especially when there is a large surplus. Tremble, ye mining managers! the vengeance of the mighty ones of Adelaide is about to overtake you for all your misdeeds done in the Territory. Have ye not failed in sending sundry tons of pure metal to the bloated aristocrats of the farinaceous village, and now will your blood atone for the lavish expenditure in “bottled beer and panjammas.” 