| OTJB ADELAIDE LETTER; . (From our own Correspondent.) v Adelaide. Aoril 7. ;? ihe iiaster holidays have passed off plea. fsantly' and satisfactorily to everybody but the miners and the directore of the Moonta mines. The weather was agreeable enough for "outings" of all descriptions, and people unburdened themselves of all their troubles and gave themselves up to pure relaxation and healthy enjoyment. As to public gath erings the muff cricket match proved the greatest and most attractive. It was doubted .whether, .so .soont, £f ter the great. cricketing tournament, a second demonstration would prove successful,but.- the. fates werelpippi tions, and-Monday witnessed almost'as large -a- concourse-of persons-as was-seen-when .Qrace and his. team displayed their'powters upon the Oval Not that the skill of the ' Englishman could for- a moment comparo with that of the Muffs. Oh dear, nd 1 ifoth ing like the.play. of the latter has been seen here before. It was unique .and. entirely original. To see a big spotted clown making faces at Paul Pry, or a precocious nigger mimicking Claude Melnotte's "high-flown poetry ; or Mephistopheles, . the Sailor, - and Marc Anthony well pleased with.each other's company,; and doing their best .-to -emulate * the^ feats of Grace,; Bush, and Gscroft, or V ^allaghan and. iDahcing Mad. performiniHUl : sorts of vagaries, was of course > capital fun, and was intensely relished by fcwbwd^f ! interested spectatore. Not'thtf lfiifMpor- i tant personages in tho match Were the i umpires, who were Messrs. HanAet'oi Ghost and Richard ;IIL. r Their decision? were in accordance with their character, and nn^-qne dared to question them. No official s&EtH; -has been published, but as the telegraph ! boardindicatetjl 800 it may.ba safely; asserted j that one side made the largest number of j runs ever scored in one inninge. .But while Adelaide innd Aaelaideans were absorbed in festivities the gloom of a' heavy misfortune rested upon the mining popula tion of Moonta;'- Oh the 1st df AprU Cipt. .: Haucocfej the Superintendent of the Moonta mines, received instructions to notify to" the hands engaged upon the' property * general reduction of wages, reducing tiitwork to 34s. per week, tribute .to 36s. per week, and other labor ^proportion. Not getting ,the; letter ' embodying, these instructions until late on 1 the evening of April. 1st,. of, ' course Capt. Hancock'could not announce the decision of ,'the; directors until the following day," arid As the reduction was to take place from the-1st the. superintendent was:; in.rthe unpleasant position of having.to announce on the 2nd a determination which'was' to be put in force on the 1st.. This, combined .with the fact that on the 80th of March'a dividend T)f "10s. per share ? was declaroc^ of course; greirtly exasperated the men, who'very spfceailyjre Bolved'to'strike. Ring- Tneetinw^SWS'fijid and the excitement 'intensified ' Anyfsug gestion. for . a /oompromis^ was,; sconted j nearly all'determined to be invincibleand thoso who were at all wayeting were jlriVin into submission by ivomen With, 'k :ico'mplete artillery of brooms.; .' The' directors'1 or tho Wallaroo mines adopted; the same course as the Moonta executive; and the Moonta at once placed' .themselves ;in communication with the Wallaroo ^miners, Ttflio one and all followed the . ''.'striking example" of their neighbors!! The engines havfe therefore all stopped, 'and . the tw,o, greatest mining dis tricts in the colonies present the"1 spectacle of idleness and absolute quietness. The miners have experienced local sympathy; frpnr cler gymen. and storekeepers,; hut the, .value of this is very uncertain. Can' the men afford to hold out? Are ;they not .now in a very j poor position T Will the storekeepers bo , content to supply them week after week without getting in return any of tho where withal with' which tomeet ^ their , engage ments I' Will' the- parsons ?be able ito -do | -without their stipends ? Then, on the^other hand,: can the directors of the minesa⩝ to aUow their properties, to be Swamped with watery> and the machinery to become injured T The city press has been urging arbitration, ^^lEbdirectors ^ selves appear just as obstinate. What the issue will be it is difficult tjo say. Suspen sion. of operations for any length of tjmo means ruin to the men and great injury 'to the mines. .It is to be .hoped,.for.all.con cerned, that some amicable arrangement will be speedily arrived at. It 'will .'uo no good to oither aide to let passion have sway, for the two will no doubt sooner or lateijfbe brought into relationship again, and it will be a pity that it should be so .embittered as to make it unpleasant for either party. The spectacle of 2,500 persona out of employment by their own united determination is' one that can hardly by any fortuitous combina tion of circumstances be paralleled .in any other part of the Southerii Hemisph6te. 