^P'(fT^*THE M«TH. hj ?M'-r'V'' ? ???'? ?'' ? ??^?*r ? 1 Pw ' /ffir \- , . ? ? * ? , ? — _ ? *.? -**j.t ? *? *. ** ? ?? ? -.? .-., ?? ^ n ~^k y . rpHE praise of those that know us, aftdvof^hpse^vlio1 are em -*- barked in the same cause with us, is^ajw^ysjp^ecious, but, if not equally gratifying to ourselves, the approval of those who marked -cair course while not interested in our person, and, still more of thosewho have had no sympathy in our work, and who have often been bitter opponents of our measures, is much more valuable to others than all our friends could say. There are few men who have not friends to uphold them ; fewer still who have not partizans to applaud their measures, even though they have little personal regard. A generous enemy will sometimes concede honesty of purpose, but rarely, very rarely indeed will he give unqualified praise. We are sure then that . our readers will agree with us that it is better to transfer to our columns the following article which appeared a short time ago in our leading journal, than to say anything ourselves, respecting the beloved friend who has just left these shores. (From ' The Argus') 'It is with pleasure we see that His Lordship the Bishop of Mel bourne is not to be allowed to take his departure from the colony without carrying with him some memento of the universal esteem in which he is held. At the meeting, held on Wednesday afternoon, for the purpose of arranging the necessary preliminaries, the Hon. Sir James M'Culloch gave an admirable epitome of the numerous sprvices which Dr. Perry has rendered to the country during his lengthened episcopate — services which have given him a claim Jo, the respect of every member of the community. His lordship has taken an active part in every social movement having for its object, the well-being of the colony; he has always evinced a hearty desire to co-operate with other religious bodies, and been ever willing to give them the benefit o£ his knowledge and large experience. Nor has be been content to confine his assistance to words,' however weighty and valuable they may have been, as the manner of sonic is', but lias been as ready with his purse as with his advice, showing, on all occasions, that he possesses that ' liberal heart,' as regards charitable matters, ' which devise th liberal things.'. 'It is not our intention now to speak of the relations which have existed between his lordship and the church over which he has pre sided, Jior of the influence which his administration is likely to have . on its future influence and prosperity. It has been our misfortune to differ from the bishop on many occasions concerning the. wisdom of his system of church government, and upon many other topics of public importance. Acting, as we do, in the interests of the entire community, we have not hesitated to express our opinions freely. But in all the controversies which have from time to time been carried on in our columns, we have always found his lordship an antagonist whose courtesy freed argument from bitterness, and an advocate whose un flinching adherence to his ideas of truth commanded that respect which the earnest ever yield to consistency. We shall see the bishop depart with profound regret, for the community can ill spare men of his stamp. No contributions were more welcome to these columns than his own, for though we have frequently been unable to look at public affairs from his standpoint, and have been compelled to do our best to refute his views, it was impossible for _a cultivated mind such as he possesses to address itself to any subject without ?throwing on it some additional light, and compelling his opponents to look well to the arguments by which they thought they could give a reason for the faith which was in them. For the trouble his lordship has taken in thus freely expressing from time to time the opinions entertained by himself and the large number of those who think with him, we consider that he deserves the thanks of the com munity; for nothing tends more to keep a healthy public spirit alive than discussion carried on between opposing parties in whose disin terestedness and ability a general confidence is felt. ' But we do not rest the claims which Dr. Perry's services have to recognition either' on his activity, his willingness to co-operate with other denominations for the common good, his charity, or the keen interest he has always evinced in those public matters which rightly came within his province. We take higher ground when we say that during'the twenty-seven years he has gone in and out amongst us bis life has been a daily moral lesson to the community — a lesson of purity, unselfishness, and devotion to duty, the value of which has by no means grown less with the lapse of time. For over^ a quarter of a century— we will not say this bishop, but simply this gentleman, has worn . ' —the white flower of a blameless life ' Before a thousand peering littlenesses, '.''.. ill that' light which beats almost as fiercely upon an episcopal as upon an , imperial throne, ' and blackens every blot.' Who, going: back 'thro' all this tract . of years,' and calling to' mind . every rumour that malignity could invent _ and idle tongues disseminate, can say to-day that his lordship has in any particular derogated from the dignity of his high office, or brought disgrace on ' the grand old name ' by which we have pre ferred to designate him ? On the other hand, lias he not set a uniform, example of disinterested zeal and activity in the public service which . has been a. standing- protest against the sloth and self-seeking wbich are so disastrously prevalent nowadays ? Perhaps it is impossible to abash a trading politician or a professional friend of the people, but if anything could make him ashamed of the lying and trickery, the fawning and subserviency by which he sometimes manages to gratify his petty, ambition, surely it must be the sight of a man steadily pursuing bis course amidst evil or good report, neither turned aside by difficulties, nor cajoled by flattery, from the path in which he considers it his duty to walk, and serving his fellow-creatures with no lip service, but, according to his lights, in all sincerity and to the best of his power. Such a man has Dr. Perry proved himself to be. 'We sincerely trust that the testimonial which is to be raised will give proof of the catholic spirit which pervades the people of this colony, and renders them willing to acknowledge merit, irrespective of nation, class, or creed. It will not be the money worth that will commend it to the recipient— it will be the thought of the kindly wishes which accompanied the donations of the subscribers, and therefore, the more numerous they prove to be, the greater will be its value in his eyes. And it may be that hereafter, when passing, in the land we love, the evening of a life well spent, the sight of our souvenir, may prove a solace in the old age of one who has deserved well of his country. It cannot fail to call up the memories of the past, and ,as he thinks upon « The days that are no more,' his lordship will surely realise afresh the respect of which our tribute is the representative, and remember with kindness the many friends he has;lelt behind on -the scene of his long and arduous endeavours.' J ' ' ' TESTIMONIAL TO BISHOP PERHY. ? A meeting of gentlemen desirous of taking part in a public expression of esteem and regard for the Bishop of Melbourne (the Eight Eev. Dr. Perry), in view of his approaching depar ture from the colony, was held at the Athenaeum. Between forty and fifty gentlemen were present, including representa tives of different denominations. Sir James M'Culloch was in the chair. The Chairman explained the object of the meeting, and regretted the somewhat meagre attendance. He was sure that all who were acquainted with Dr. Perry, and with the active part which he had taken in the promotion of all social move ments for the benefit and interest of the colony during his long residence here of twenty-seven years, would agree with him (Sir James M'Culloch) that some step should be taken to indicate the high esteem and respect with which he was regarded. The movement was not in anyway confined to the members of the bishop's own church, but was one in which members of all I religious denominations who had experienced the benefit of his labours and ideas should join. The bishop had not spared himself in the discharge of his duties. He had diligently visited all parts of his diocese, and that, too, at time when locomotion was not so easy as at present. He had always evinced a hearty desire to co-operate with' other religious bodies, and had always been willing to give the benefit of his knowledge and large experience when required on behalf of charitable or social movements in this colony. On many occasions he had rendered valuable aid, and had frequently subscribed liberally out of his own private means. He (Sir James M'Oulloch) trusted that funds would be raised sufficient to present a worthy testimonial to Bishop Perry. It had been suggested that his portrait should be obtained and placed in the National Gallery, and the idea was a good one ; but he (Sir James) considered that some souvenir should also be presented which Bishop and Mrs. Perry might carry with them to England. He desired to say one word with regard to Mrs. Perry. She was a lady who had interested herself deeply on behalf of the charitable institutions of the colony, and her efforts were also well worthy of recog nition. It was for the meeting to decide what form the testi monial should take. Mr. Hull moved the following resolution : — ' That the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry, being about to leave the colony after a residence in it of 27 years, during which time he has devoted himself with untiring energy and zeal to the j-ro- motion of its best interests, and has secured the unqualified esteem and respect of all classes of the community, it is resolved that an opportunity be afforded his fellow-colonists to contribute fluids to provide a testimonial expressive of the regard in which he is held by them.' The Rev. A. M. Henderson expressed the great pleasure he felt in seconding the resolution, which he believed was one that no man in the colony who knew anything whatever of Dr. Perry could fail to view with pleasure. He fully appreciated the manner in which Dr. Perry had conducted himself with regard to other Christian denominations. The bishop was a true son of his own church — and he (Mr. Henderson) should not have respected him if he had not been thoroughly consistent to the principles in which he believed — but he was above all a true Christian gentleman and scholar. He was sure that all classes of society would agree that something should be done to prove to Bishop Perry the high esteem in which he was held. The motion was unanimously adopted, and a committee, con sisting of the following gentlemen : — Sir James M'Culloch, Messrs George Harker, F. T. Sargood, J. T. Sumner, James Graham, D. C. M 'Arthur, Thomas M'Pherson, John Blyth, and John dimming Avas appointed to decide as to what form the testimonial should take. Mr. D. C. M 'Arthur, general manager of the Bank of Australasia, was appointed treasurer of the fund, and the necessary arrangements were made for the collection of contributions. On Thursday, Feb. 26, a large number of the members of the Church assembled at St. James' Cathedral, at 8.30 o'clock, to partake of the Lord's Supper with the Bishop and Mrs. Perry, previous to their embarkation for England. It was simply the Communion Service, at which the Bishop officiated, assisted by the Dean and the Archdeacons of Ballarat and Castlemaine. After the repetition of the Mcene Creed, his Lordship addressed a few solemn and affectionate words of farewell to the assembled multitude. Every one present seemed to feel that there was not only a peculiar solemnity, but a peculiar blessing in our thus 'breaking of bread.' At 11 o'clock, the Council Chamber, which His Worship the Mayor had kindly lent for the occasion, was filled by a large assemblage, for the purpose of presenting to the Bishop an address from the members of the Church at large. The Governor was, we much regret to say, prevented by illness, which confined him to his bed, from reading the address, which was signed by His Excellency and Lady^Bowen ; but Major Pitt attended on his behalf, and accompanied the Bishop to the ship, placing the vice-regal carriages at his disposal. The address was read by the Hon. Charles Sladen, who is one of the few remaining who greeted the Bishop on his arrival twenty-six years ago. After the Bishop's reply, an address from the Society for the Promotion of Morality was presented in a short speech by Mr. Balfour, and read by the Rev. Mr. Strongman, to which the Bishop made a suitable reply, and then made his way through crowds of friends to the carriage which was to convey him to Spencer-street station. The platform there was filled by numbers anxious to take a last look at their beloved friends, or to find places in the immense train which was to convey them to . Williamstown where the 'Bangalore' lay. A few returned by the same train, but great numbers went on board the ship, and remained till they came alongside the 'Ellora,' from Sydney, which dropped anchor about one o clock. This vessel, on board which were the Bishop of Goulburn and Mrs. Thomas, had had a very rough and tedious passage, and delayed the sailing of the mail steamer, so that she did not reach the Heads till nine o'clock. Canon Handfield Mr. Morris, and a number of other friends went down to Queenscliff where Mr. Wilkinson intended to have service in St. George's Church, with prayers for those at sea. The following are the addresses and replies ;-» The Hon. 0. Sladen, C.M.G., addressing his lordship, said that His Excellency the Governor had intended to be present on this oc casion, but owing to severe indisposition he was unable to carry out his desire, and it had devolved upon him (Mr. Sladen), who had been amongst those who first welcomed Ms lordship to the colony, to have the pleasurable duty of presenting to him an address from the clergy and laity of the Church of England, signed by large numbers. He then read the following address: — ' To the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles, by divine per mission, Lord Bishop of Melbourne.' 'We give thanks to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, that it hath pleased Him to preserve you for so many years as the bishop of this diocese, and we pray that His favour may go witli you on the journey which you are about to undertake. 'Although your lordship has permitted us to indulge the nope of seeing you amongst us once more before your episcopate tertai' nates, of again receiving your fatherly admonitions and enjoying yorar pastoral care, and although we heartily rejoice in the prospect thus held out to us, we cannot but feel that from the day on which you leave these shores we can no longer call you ours, 'in the sense in which it has been our pride and privilege to claim you in years gone by. We therefore feel that though our present farewell is but for a season, it partakes of a character much mors solemn than that which usually attaches to a temporary parting, and we desire now to express our gratitude to God for the gift He has so long bestowed, upon us, and to you, who have been His willing instrument for good. ' Less than two years ago, in an address which we had the gratifi cation of presenting to you on the completion of the 2oth year of your episcopate, we enumerated, though briefly and insufficiently, some of the benefits for which, under God, the church here is indebted to your lordship. And the interval which lias elapsed has only served more fully to manifest your devotion to the cause of God, and of the church over which he has made you overseer. Deeply as we lamenfc the breaking of the ties which have hitherto bound you to this country — deeply as we lament that any circumstance should have hastened, even by a day, the separation which yon tell us was even tually inevitable, we cannot but recognise with gratitude the zeal which has made you, for the purpose of forwarding the spiritual wel fare of a portion of your diocese, urge your departure with incon venient speed; and, in the hope of reconciling as far as possible your sense, of duty to that portion with the feelings, wants, and wishes of the other, to delay indefinitely the rest you so much needed, and sub mit to the irksomeness of the two additional voyages which are thus imposed upon you. ' In recognising, as we do thankfully, the promptitude and energy which you manifest in a critical period of the church's life, we are glad to call to mind other steps which the same energy and far-seeing wisdom enabled you to take, and the result of which has been to mould our church's life into the form in which it is now presented to the world. When representative institutions in the church were regarded by most men with reprobation, and by their very advocates with fear, you laboured to introduce them, and, overcoming the scruples of friends, and the opposition of enemies, obtained for them the sanctions of the local Government and of Her Majesty the Queen. When the introduction of laymen into the councils of the church was regarded with apprehension by the clergy, and with doubt by the laity themselves, you invited them to take their full share in her legislation. When the voice of the congregations in the appoint- ' ments of their ministers was denounced as dangerous, you called on them to share with yourself the responsibility. When a layman's preaching to a congregation appeared to many to be a profane en croachment on the sacred office, you required the candidates for the ministry to prove by their evangelistic labours their fitness for the work before you laid your hands upon them, and thus turned the necessities of the church into a means of both extending her minis trations and testing the character of her future ministers. Moreover, you encouraged faithful men, who still continued in their secular calling, to exercise, in aiding the parochial clergy, their gifts as visitors, teachers, and preachers. And now we find each of these once-dreaded innovations either adopted by the church in the colonies, and even in England, or urged upon her by her best friends, as essential to her progress, if not to her stability. No one has acknowledged you as his guide, no one has pointed to you as a leader, but all, or almost all, are quietly following in the paths which you have dared to open. ' It is true that rapid as has been the growth of the church here, ' from three clergymen to 120, and from three congregations to 300, it has not advanced as rapidly as our wants demanded. But in the caution with which the seedling has been planted, in the care which has been taken to preserve all its roots, and to accommodate them to the soil, in the judgment with which its position has been adapted to the peculiarities of a new climate, above all in the faith in Him, and the prayer offered to Him who alone can give the increase, we see for our church a promise of steady progress,' which, if slow, shall I be like the growth of the British oak, which grows slowly, but grows I to strength and greatness among the trees of the forest. And should it hereafter make a sudden increase, and should it yet overshadow the land, whatever may be the hand that waters, the hand that, guarded its early growth, that trained its young brandies with watchful cure, and pruned them with unsparing wisdom, will never be forgotten, cither by those who dwell under its shadow, or by Him who will, we trust, hereafter recognise it as a tree of righteous ness, the planting of the Lord, in which He is glorified. ' We now bid you for a season farewell, hoping before the close of another year again to see your face, and to listen to your counsels. In the meantime our prayers shall be offered to God for your safety in your journey by land and water, for a prosperous issue to your present undertaking, and for, what you value more than your per sonal safety or comfort, the building up of the church whose founda tions you have laid, in the faith once delivered to the saints, in stead fast continuance in well-doing, and in the patient waiting for Christ.' The Bishop said, — I will not trust myself, my friends, to reply further than to express my feelings of deep thankfulness for the address which has just been read by a dear friend, who, as he says, was one of the few remaining of those who welcomed me to these shores. I see others in the room who were contemporary or rather who were older in the colony than myself, and who were present on that occasion, and it affects me deeply now to see them here, and to receive from them, as well as from others, this valedic tory expression of their feelings towards me. I will now simply read the reply 1 have written to the address, and I trust you will bear in mind that it was hurriedly written : — ' My beloved friends, both of the Clergy and Laity, of the Church of England in Victoria — ' I thank you very sincerely for the address which you have just presented to me; for I am assured that, however unworthy I am of the commendation which it contains, it expresses the genuine feelings of those who have signed it. To receive such an expression of your loving, although partial estimate of me after an episcopate of six and- twenty years, is an occasion of humble thankfulness to Him who appointed me to that office, and who has preserved me in it during so long a period. While it would be, in my opinion, very unbecom ing and very ungrateful to profess an unconsciousness of the use which the Lord has made of me for the organisation of our church in this diocese, it would be most arrogant to claim for myself any credit for what He has so graciously done for us. For not only have there been associated with me in all my work many beloved fellow labourers, both clergymen and laymen, without whose assistance, humanly speaking, my efforts would have been wholly unavailing, but also as we ought always to remember, and I trust we do remem ber, from Him alone all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works do proceed. Of His gift only it is that His people can do unto Him any acceptable service. Whatever agents, therefore, He may be pleased to employ, to Him only is to be ascribed all the glory of their success. ' I will say no more about myself, but proceed to speak briefly upon another topic on which I feel very deeply. Our church has now, as you have remarked, been planted in this land, and its organ isation as an ecclesiastical institution, although doubtless capable of much improvement, may be regarded as complete. But as a steam engine, when all its machinery is perfect, requires, for enabling it to perform its intended work, both fuel and fire, so does the church re quire an adequate supply of faithful and able ministers, together with the life-giving power of the Holy Ghost, in order that it may ac complish the Lord's work. Without a larger pouring out of the Holy Spirit, and without additional clergymen duly qualified for their sacred office, all our organisation will be found wholly inefficacious. ' Suffer me, then, to avail myself of this opportunity of affection ately entreating you. that you will each of you individually alone, and those of you who are heads of families in your families, make your request unto God, that He will, for the sake of His Son Jesus Christ, both provide for the Church in Victoria a sufficient number of men who shall approve themselves able . ministers of the Gospel, and also, by the power of the Holy Ghost, render their ministrations effectual for the establishment throughout the land of peace and happiness, truth and justice, pure religion and piety, for all gener ations. ' Suffer me also, my beloved brethren of the laity, to remind you of the apostle's precept, ' Let him that is taught in the word minister unto him that teacheth in all good things.' God, you will remember, works by human agency, and if you would expect any good thing for yourselves or others you must not only ask it from Him, but also do what you can for obtaining it. If you desire to see the church of your fathers established in the affections of the people of Victoria you must each of you set apart a proportion of your income — whatever you conscientiously feel to be right in your particular circumstances — for the maintenance and extension of that church. To do so is both a duty and a great privilege, for thereby you will not only promote the glory of God, and the spiritual good of your neighbours and fellow-countrymen, but you will also secure the Divine favour for yourselves, your families, and all con nected with you. ' Charge them that are rich in this world,' writes the apostle to' Timothy, ' that they be not high-minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy ; that they do good ; that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate ; laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.' Nor is the blessedness of giving limited only to the rich, for the small offering of the poor man is as acceptable unto the Lord as the larger donation of his more wealthy neighbour. ' My reason for addressing you thus is, that although I hope, in God's good providence, to return to you in the course of next year, yet I may be prevented; and indeed I do not know that I could give utterance to my sentiments on this subject upon a more suitable oc casion than the present, when you have so pointedly called my atten tion both to the past history and the present condition and prospects of our beloved Church. ' Commending you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified, I remain, ' Your affectionate friend and bishop, ' C. Melbourne.' Mr. James Balfour, on behalf of the Society for the Promotion of Morality, expressed to his Lordship the appreciation felt by the mem bers of the society for the great services rendered by him. The Bev. Mr. Strongman then read the following address: — ' To the Eight. Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, President of the Society for Promoting Morality. ' Eight Eev. and dear Sir — It is with deep regret that we are in formed of your contemplated departure for England. Identified as you have been with the history of our society, and amid the labours and anxieties of an extensive diocese, taking a practical part in the promotion of its objects, we cannot permit you to leave our shores without giving expression to those sentiments of esteem, and Chris tian affection, which we feel for one who has exhibited so much catholicity of spirit, and earnest devotedness in the spread of morality among all classes of the community. It must be a source of satisfac tion to your Lordship to know that this institution, which was formed at your suggestion, has been the means of calling into existence so many different associations, such as the Model Lodging House, the Society for Preventing Cruelty to Animals, the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society, the Retreat for Fallen and Friendless Women, and the Boys Trading Brigade. While separated, at least for a season, we shall not fail to think of your active co-operation with us in all matters pertaining to the moral welfare of the entire colony, and we doubt not that recollection of these things will be among the ? sunny memories of your residence in this southern land. ' With our best wishes, we remain, your fellow workers to the kingdom of Heaven, « John Singleton, M.D., - H R „ « John Strongman, * ±lon- becs- The Bishop said that he felt deep thankfulness that he, with the aid of others, had been permitted to originate that society. Although the number of its members was small, he believed that it would be doing more and more a great work in the land, to the glory of God and the benefit of the colony. The society should not be discouraged or cast down by temporary difficulty. The moral and spiritual welfare of the country would be advanced by its efforts, and subjects of importance could by its means be urged from time to time on public attention. He desired to take this opportunity of bidding farewell to those friends who could not accompany him to the steamer, and he could assure them that he should always bear the colony in affectionate remembrance. Our readers will be glad to hear that letters have been re ceived from Mrs. Perry and the Bishop of Goulburn, dated from Grlenelg, 28th inst., and all are as well as can be expected at the commencement of a voyage. The Dean begs to suggest that prayers should be offered throughout this month, in the usual way, for the Lord Bishop, and those who sailed with him. The Rev. J. C. P. Allnutt will be happy to arrange with any clergyman who would take the duty at Portland, for three weeks. He cannot exchange. 