THE MANAAGING MOTIHER. C2oming to visit uo !' cried Mrs Brewster, in accents of tragic despair, as she elevated her two ha.ads in the air and rolled her eyes heavenward. ' Coming to visit us I' echoed Mir. muda, her daughter. ' Manma, s ever r ' Read the letter for yourself,' raid Mrs Brewster. . _. And Miranda, taking the epistle gin gerly between her finger and thumb, read: 'Dear Cousin-' Business bringing . me to New York about the middle of June, I shall viat you, if agreeable, at that time. Truly yours, H. Stoking. ' The horrid old nuisance I' she cried, .a she dropped the note. 'Mamma, What are we to do 1 At.t Elgin says lie's intolerable. He wears a ginger. eolouted suit; with patches on the elbow i talks through his nose; reads S- Blair's sermons aloud in the evening. and Ilsists on coming in to see every one that calls, and telling 'em what miserable sinners they are.' ' He's only a second conusin, after all,' said Mrs Brewster musingly-' on your papa's side.' ' And has nothing to leave us,' added Miss Miranda. 'I don't see shy we are to victimise ourselves on his account. Mlamma, it does seem to me as if we were tormented to death with poor rela tions. There's Patty now-papa's sister's stepdaughter-she's been here a Ssoath, and abe don't even try to get a place as governess.' ' She has advertised.' 'Yes. mamma, I know but, nobody answers her advertias-ment. Why don't she go to an Educational Bureau, or apply to somie Board of T ustees, or s. omething I It's my opilion she could rather live here and du nothing, than to earn her bread.' \--- 'Miranda, look here I' cried Mrs "rewster, her face lighted up with a sudden inspirattoi. ' We never received this letter.' ' Eh. mamma 9' " We never got it, I tell you, said Mrs Brewster impatiently, as she tore it in pieces and threw the slips into the scrap __.baskets ' We'll start for Newpurt to morrow, you and I. Aunt Elgin can easily secure rooms for us if we tele graph at once ; and Patty shall slay and keep house-it's all she's go,'d for.' ' Shall we tell her that Cousin Hab akuk ' And betray my whole scheme I That's so likely, isn't it I No, no-we are not responsible for the company that arrives during our absence. fatty will : make as good an, audience as anybody for Cousin Babakuk's sermos a,:d ; lectures, and she can do the housework too. I'll take Jane with me for a mand, and so the matter will be nicely arranged.' Mirauda jumped. up and clapped her hands. ' Mamqna,' she cried, ' what a mana geryou are I You uoght to have been a nmaq, and Minister Pleniporiary. to our.t or other. You would have made . splendid' diplomatist.' ' Never mnind that just now,' said i . ~lrs Brewster sharply. ' Let us sue about pac-ing our truuks,' 0 " 0 0 0 t ' What fun I' cried Patty Brewster, c tiptoeing about the big, empty l drawiung-room, and peti.ing slyly into u Ste depths of the t.rent mirrors above d the itpntel, where a lplump taco was I reiected, with all its ringlets and a \- dimples, and ver3 i ng shades of rose s and pearl. 'And to thiq k 'ive got it p ail, to mieaelf I in all alone in this II gaest house, with the crickets, and the I 'shadows, and the winking g:as-liglrts I in the streetp. I'm glad there ate no a 'ghosts in New York. I declate, it k ;,aaks. one feel like s. grown-up at yonog lady in good earnest.' And to carry out the delusion, Patty ti ?osiampered, op-stairs and dressed ir. herself in one of her cousin's blue silk tL 4retes,)with a .pating scarf,,a greno dine over-skirt, and a knot of artificial jiolets in her hair. \- Now I'm Miranda,' said she, unconsciously imitating, before the glass, Miss Blrewater's drawig.-room, airs and graces. ' Oh how iico it must be to ha a fashiouable young lady.' And Patty went down stairs to sit in the balcony to watch the jpa-sers-by, half frightened at her own temeritN in ' playin:g Miranda,' half delighted at the novelty of her situation. '1iss Brewster I' pt It was a tall, slender young man, very haudsome, with dark eyes and taste, who came the a -p hair, and dressed with excellea carr ing a por roanteau, and paused hallway at the blue silk apparition a, which glimmered on the balcony in the twilight. 'Yes.' faltered Patty ; adding to, herself, ' It's the gasewau, I suppose, or the taxes, or something.' 'I am so glad,' said be, frankly, reaching his hand over towards her. 'I ams your cousin Stockingtmn.' ' Are you ?' said Patty, wondering who on earth he might be, ' Will you please walk in ?' SI suppose your mother is at homeo ?' he kindly asked. * No, air, she isn't' said Patty. 'Nu ? Then perhaps you did not receive my letter ?' I ' I have seen no letter,' said Patty. SBut there's some mistake, I dare say Please to walk in. I ati not 1iran.la I'm only Patty, and they're all away from home. But I dare say I can cook you some supper.' Mr Stckingtun, not Cousin HTaba kk at all, but Mr Hartley Stokiugton, quite a differeut pers?onaate, stood a isinute pondering. Evidently there was some misunderstanding. 'I'm a capital cook mnyself,' said he, at, suddenly rousing himoelf from his reverie. ' I have :,roiled trout on the banks of the Thames; and picknicked on the shores of the Nile, on dishes that would make y, ur hair stand on cud. 1'1I help you Miss Patty." \- But," hesitated Patty, rerrembnhring sun ry lec'ure3 ddlivered 'o her at various imnes by Mieis- Brewster, '" would it be wcullI it be quite-proper?" ' Why not ?' St' L1': sue I deu't know.' said Patty. rF dropirng her long lashes, and colouring . or pale pt.k, like ,- sceet tfloer. ' Neither do 1,' saiW Mr Stokingtcn. I r - So con.e on." s * " o * " 'dartley Stockington'4 name on the id hA register !' said Mi,s Miranda iewater, ' fscmm, if that isn't the a luckiest comb.uaation of c rcnu st in:es I n" Why he's a mdlionaire, and just returned b, from the East. Let us scnd up our c.rd c at once. We are the nearest relatives he g ha-, and--' of Yes, yes,' said Aunt Elgir, nodding her head--bhe was a little drie 'tp old lady, wh,. had rather a geniau for making 1 Sbhetself disacreeasle-' it's a 1 aery de. r lightt.l, ,ut you'd uetter bear me to the r d, end. 1 saw the entry myself : lartley , Sto;kingtuu-.ni eta I' * And wife? echued Llrs Brewster. 'Y " And wite l' almost skrieked Miss C ' .liranda, ovcrwue:mued, fi. ratiely be speaking, asith the ruins of her Aluascher ds temnple of fancy. a id At the same moment the door swung a ae open and a grinuing mullat:o waiter au- c le nounced : ' ir and lMrs S ockington.' Little Patty Brewter, in dove-coloured silk, and orauae bud. in her bat, ran into Ur Mrs Bleaster's ansna SOn, Aunt C.troline. I am so obliged to t td you I It never would have happened it n re you hadn't gone away and left me to keep t. house. And I know I'm not half good I ,enough h.r Hartley; but he loves me; and, oh I 1 sin a happy I' And Mrs Brewster, swallowing down a s huge lump in her turo.,t, was oblied t ato gasp out her unwilling cougratu a lions- o She bit Newport the next day fur s home, and just three day- afterward. ly COrtain lIabakuk came, inmger-coloured -ut, tin batlit.g tube, tracts, drugs and all, to spend a month. u, ' Dear. Dear I' sighed Mlrs Brewster, c or , why couldu't I have stayed ..t home tie Id fore, and left Prnvidence to manage to in.tter lor me ? -Bow Bells. Ruskiiu says (iaud well sya) that 1 'it iis no man's Lsinaess w ae-Lner lie a has geuics or not; work he :tust, v d whatever he is, but quietly and l steadily; and the natural and unforced e results of such work will be always rs the thing God meant him to do, and Swill be his best. No agoniies or ia lheart-rentlings will enable iinu to do a Sbetter. If he is a great uman they will be great things, but always, it ' thus peaceably doie, good and right; always, if restlessly and ambitiously 8 done, I.oloinw and despicable.' SLTUmIsTIES AT HITsT,-LeaCding from stogle on, especially if trulmps. Leading from short ilatead of long U suits, especially fromt queen and ill aiotlier, or knave and another. hy Leading trumps without regard to d s;renkth tlereut or any iimdicatiou of a k suit being ruffed. Forcing partner when wrak in trumps, and locrig r either opponent without regard to Swhich. Reckless returu of olpponet's suit, especially if holding the best Sthereot or only one card. Deep fines.-ing in partiei'ssait. Determinied Srateilion oft best c:rd therein. Per n sistent lead of the sane suit when the o etiit bltength Is declared with [, ppoeintr. Lead of lIst card of a suit when opponents are both free of d that suit. Uifuormini'y of discards, d Salike when the aohole strength of ' truImps is declared with selves or oupFoeults. PlaY tug to the latest , discards of partiters or olponenta C without regard to earlier ones. Want oul apprlleciation of forced lead, anDi dracard. Rieckless ahose of the call tL for trumpts. rshl leads of trumps on P a stjprsed (iuncompleted) call. As sutning paititular cards to ho in partliocular hands without the romoitet Isienhouu why they should be there. Dirawing to iUfereruco fromn thu cards E led. Disinclinatiomi to lead .rom an I ace qtueen suit, or evert nl see queen a knuao suit. Opening ns fresh weak of sutls in iplace of returning partner's lead, especially when having won first trick therein with queen, and roemaiu ing witL king antld anoIther. Finessing U third hand, forgetting the trump card. c.a -fh a sVclmniseer Papers. eat 