STARTLING GHOST STORY. Fkom time to time we have received startling intelligence from Bamerang anent a ghost, or rather ghosts, that have been seen by many per sons, some of whom are not likely to bs carried away by idle fancies. Mr. Robert Williams, who has but recently gone to reside at Bame rang, has been terrified, his faithful watch-dog driven mad, and his whole household routed and thrown into the greatest consternation by the ap pearance of an apparition. OnTuesday night last, Williams's family were startled by what seemed to be a man walking up and down the verandah with heavy-nailed boots. The dog, who appears to have heard the noise, and it would seem also saw the cause of it, was rush ing about in a most frantic manner, and would every now and then make a desperate spring at the intruder, but finally gave up the contest in sullen silenoe. The ghost, in defiance of all 'looks, bolts, and bars,' entered the house, and Williams then saw the figure of a man, dressed. apparently in fthe garb of a bushman. It wend to the bed where Mr. and Mrs. Williams were lying, and palled the bed clothes off tho bed, and lay down on the top of Williams, who could feel nothing when ha put his hand out to tonch it. After a while the apparition went to where there was a cross- out saw standing, which it sounded several times, as if beating time to music. After keeping Williams and his family in a terrified state for some time his ghostship departed. Williams avers that ha has heard and sean this strange visitor several times since his location at Bamerang, and challenges all unbelievers to go and stop at his house and judge for themselves. Other persons, as we have before stated, have reported to have seen similar apparitions in the locality, and one gentleman, well-known in this district, who resided at one time at Bamerang, saw, or will swear that he saw, a low-set man, with a manila hat on, dressed in moleskin trou sers, and a blue guernsey shirt, carrying an axe over his shoulder, enter his bed-room, and when the party referred to attempted to ascertain who he was and what he wanted, found that the sup posed man was only a shadow. It is asserted by the very old hands of the district that one or two sawyers had been found murdered in the locality many years ago. 