In almoBt ell questions of policy, and .more pspBcially - m- those affectiug-'tiie pecuniary iotereste of ; individuals, it is curious to remark how soon arguments are forgotten, and how easily the human mind abandons its judgment to listen only to its apprehensions. But a little while ago, and the importance of Protection had impreg nated the mass. To-day free-trade is again lifting its head, and there are a few credu-. lous onough to 'listen to the ciy, though these few were, but the other day, convinced tiiat protecting duties were, necessary in all young nations. n ; ' " ;j ' " ' " Lopk at England," say the free-traders, "and it's wonderful prosperity." "And that, " say they, is the resjult of " free- trade. Did . not Sir Robert .Peel, in- 1845, abolish the duties on 430' articles'; and were not the duties on 134 other , articles reUipyed in 1853 ?" If all this were- true, -:what then? What 'may be policy in an, old- established State, Would be . destnictioh,' to a young community. Just as an old toper may drink his bottle of tawny port, so mayiOld England indulge in free-trade ; but .indulgences -of - that Mud would kill 1he child little more than spriug-' ihg into life. No doubt, to surround, colo nies with fiscal walls, banishing all imports by prahibitqryydjuties; would be suicidal; but even in tariffs there is a -happy mean, and the profoundest economists have a-jid that ;rntoieri2f(k. Customs dr:lt;s among the least bjectijjyia0ie 0f -all taxes, as they iiiterr fittie with the operation of-the. lllanufacturer, less with the -trader, not' grea%.; with. the. consumerwhile in many rases- thev serve-.as a protection, and are al ways collected with the ieast. possible ex pense. Of course, it is a very easy matter -to -raise the cry of frw-ttade ; but .very few of. thiise who nare enjoyed' the advantages which protection has afforded to the indus trial classes, will join the whoop, or demand a return to a system which has no beneficial .resnlc-whaterer, so far as this col ofry is Con cerned, to Bhow.fqc its. past existence. ;.No 'doubt, England has grown inwealth; but has she advanced in- real prosperity?..' Are all dasws happy, . contented, well ..fed, well clothed, andwell housed? Weknow thatsince free-trade was introduced, there has been perpetual . war between , capital and : labor. We know, that, notwithstanding free-trade. Pariiament is, oostantb' with What, accordiiig to our philosophers, should Tsgniate itself. The ' English poor-law system is a"protective measure, and so are the lawB "regulating' the conditions of labor. Look at the' Statute -Book, and Acts will be: found jirohibititig the employment of women IU :cqal-ptts ; the eiiploymeiit of children 'in factories, and in agricultural -gangs,; dis- graceful to. civilisation. In L . the country ' north of the great townB of Wolverhampton and Birmingham, there is ,aT large popu lation engag&l; 'iif 'iUaHng" halts by hand labor. On ah ayeragje, .three females are employ , jtp . xjpft;. male. Vicipria, we - ffimk, ".has pot yet .got. one Vfemale blacksmith." Even -the -most robust of our -'advocates of 'Women's Tights have not yetaim&d.; fer.-jvonme-the trade of a blacksmith. Absolute free-tradp eets women in 1 Epplgnd tu worit ij-t fbv, and if tiat were Jhe only eviU it'isiotoe we don'twant--it isoneagmnsbwhidrhura'a- nily protests', and "-qhe witii wiKh rnent, in spite of theories, -is iobiigad to interfere. An American in England, writing to the London, JVwiiss, says limited in England, is the most debased ignorance, the most abhorrent crndty, the most ' disgusting vice, and the. most heart breaking misery, that can be seen in any conntry cal lipg itsei f.ci vilised and Christian. There is too" much free-trade of all kinds in Engl and- 'o WM- will'' riot" haver- it -here. It is unnecessary to go over well-beaten ground — to ask what would become of our brewers, and the 2000 hands now employed by them, if our ports were thrown open to England? We need not ask whether the" 'duty should be removedfrom woollen fabrics, ; and \feave ftir young and-gybvrinlfhdhstries to fight against a conntry eo vast as Eng- iand is jn.iroachinery and in wealth. -We ; ha ve .it .that' -even mowy under -protective i duties, niany local in'dnstries ape struggling (hud foflife. rand that the withdrawal ZSL -fiscal . support -would _ be death- to them. : Would this be desirable ? , .Would It lie well tocast- adrift the thousands of 'men. -who ob-'- tain employment, because . protection adds an -infinitesimal .sum to. some of the aitiules in use" ? It may be that we pay-20 per cent, more for English boots and shoes, clothes and hats, chair8 and window-sashes, carriages aDd grand pianos, thao weshonld were there no import duty, andrtbns . losejgertain shil ling or pence;- but 'the cblbnlst has higher and nobler aspirations ' than mere £. s. d. He aspires to "create a. nation of the land he has made his home, whereon he has reared his- children, ;and' planted his' blivfe and his" vine; .he aspires to . something more . than raising raw produce;- he iseeks '"to' Teiidef himself indepepdit of the j(M World for all that man rMoires 'beyond bare" food and shelter, . f . -. . But, say 'tim bther-side "How-very.; absurd. Before 1865 the tariff yielded' steadily one- third of the public income. The tas!e8-Wefe"'only upon those fliitidesbf gene-1 ral consumption: which' all economiats have; agreial to .be the most properly, taxablfi.. Theiie was pp ebrt. dhty pp. goldj' hubsti- stituted inlifiu of the licensing-fee; with the approbatioiFGf nhe TidneMPtheifWs Vlatid this was a tax; ptot ppon labdr, but upon the profits of iabor, .and -a fair and- liti- mate bwifiibuiiotL to the bnrdens of tbe thte." f.These are some of the SrgUmenfe jbiif we .would aek.how a young community, struggling into eiastence, could nataraliseforeign iudostries perfectly suiteble:hie<(arc3iupastan< if wsreAbliged to compete an equal. tenns , with an pld mapifadMriug, counfay like Great'Sritehir ' Nonsense totalk abontthe failure of apaper-mlll on the banks of the. fiie bamkB nf any father rivep andtSskwhh sneer — ".-What has protectionn done here?" We fawWuatthe cmiseof the failuiie— it may be fdite to . want' of capital or want of jSkiU, but it certainly was not owing; . to protection. We admit that by prbtecticm 3 themDSntoer-p&ys; «oiuething: idditional for his cpmjpoditips; but we feswtthat withput priStectibnJt , ' wdhld : he. ' . impossible 'to naturalisekforfeign indostries - in a young dmy raises the price of ffie piano or the and Govenimenthap prdnifm;>waud SWs jealous eyejipQp,Juiq)«ta,ibpi in fife delighted to sell her com, Sax, hemp aj tallow; bat she does not desire anybody else's locomotives, or other railway plant. —id oSefe ;® immiafe' ordd-Tpr ,451) locomotives' and 9G0D carriages; but the special conditioiis are that the whole whall' be constructed in Russia, and from-, ednsively Indigenous material: And as the establishments must incur enormous expenses for rolliug-mills, &c.;, and for the manufacture of- eteel, the "Government tjifers to advance to each locomotive-constructor 309,000 silver roubles, "and to each'cariiage- builder twp-tlprdspf that; sum, to be-'.re-i turned inkixyesrs in the form of the engines and carriages "delivered. It is (says the lUngmeer) difficult to imagine that the manufacturers will decline such offers, and, being adcepted, - the demand for foreign engines and carriages trill be mate rially reduced, if not altogether stopped. This is something like ..protection, and! worthy -the attention of Victorian states men. Russia says : — " Why should we let the foreigner swamp our markets ? Why should not we oe our Own producers for all ' that we deeire ? : Why should we eeuid our gold away, and be dependent on the foreign manufacturer ?" And this is what Victoria; says, and what the Liberal party here in- tend shall be'tbe policy of its Government, The reaction in England — the Conserva- tive triumph, as it is called — no doubt .infused bem-t .fnfo, and i led the obstrnctionists here to re-raise the.. cry of free-trade. But it Won't do." We are not prepared to say that Conservatism will ..not for a time rule at- home, .but are .quite prepared to say that, if it does; it will be-by inaugurating liberal measures; and pursuing a thoroughly liberal policy. Edmund Burke taught the people of England the power which they possessed, and the rights which were theirs. The re-, suit of ihat teaching was, that in oppoei-! lion to the stubborn prejudices of george III,, the Whigs' "sacrificed place and power for more than a generation. So -noble a self-abnegation by party politicians was never -before known ; .-and even when Catholic Emancipation - was carried by the Duke of welllngton and . Bir robert Peel, it was by thb sacrifice of their own prejudices, -and, against' the most decided convictions, of their party, - Then, as in subsequent instances, when acts of justice were done by the Tories, this was invari- ably against the views of tiieir followers, and' by the aid of the Liberal votes." If we take a political survey of. the proceedings of the two parties since the pasting :of the Reform Bill of 1832, it will be seen that, whether the Conservatives were led by Sir Robert Reel or Mr Disraeli, every great,, measure brought forward by ' them was forced upon them, and carried by the power of the Liberal party. As at home, so here. What could the. people hope fr6m the - ikteretqirite pariyj'of 7which Mr O'Shanassy was once the leader ? ' ' Mark the. past; The .debates on the,. public lands, immigration, .the . constitution of the Goimcil, rtiigion, education — with all' .thbsb the tendency has, been a general nndolrig of tfe iueas aha enactments of the past. In the lands; there has been, very naturally, wa¥ : against the squatting privi- : ..leges,-, and a . ; desire for agricultural settle- ' ment ; in immigration, there has been; very 'naturally,' febeludn agtiiist the oid system of paying fop passages from. this side, in order to. -introduce labor-power, and -keep down wages ; , in religion, .the popular.ten- dencies have been to repel the aid and con nection of the State ; and (nedacatton, to %"ra3e:ltife domain "of the denonnnatibnai system. Of the' Tariff "w'e have spoken ; and it only remains to say that every ex tension of popular rights has sprang from the LiDeraLjjaciyi-riaiid as ittosB been, wit — ai be.-, .The... bisfory : of > England, . says Macaulay, in .'particular, is the histbry'of a government cpnstentiy;giting way-— some times peaceably, sometimes after a violent straggle;' but constantly giving way before a nation which' has been constantly adyano ing. - . Xhe Liberal party in Victoria has only to bear these words in remembranoe, - and the bdtcOme will ,he the. Right. :.;; Mx Joseph Jqpes will deliver a shott addregsav toe 'openjng of he; FinI Arts Exluhltion; at" flfe Mechimics', on Tuesday evening next; and it .ia. expected that addresses will also ' be delivered fry Messrs -W. G. Smith, Townsend ".MacDermott, John James, and John Whiteman, M.TiA . . : . The matter of . celebrating the turning- of 'toe fijrstaod of the Upper Gong.Gong works Was -con sidered "by. those, pieeent at' toe meeting of toe Water. Gcanmisslpn.'totiave, beenhtid lastnight. It -'was - aneed ltoat:f , -cdebration- topnld take place on Wednfesday, the ' lSth Jpstaat, and that the workB-fcominitSet ehouid- further' consider the matter, and decide : on .details; < 'The Phoenix Fonndiy Company. delivered the; first tender under' the "second contract last night at the Western station. . Being of . a lighter conatruc- tiuh than thpse of toe fprmer batch, the tender waa luted bodily from the travelling carriage by means of. toe. crane— the .whole process only occupying some ten minutes, while toe .tenders preridhsly'- delivered took much longer. Another will be ready by Monday, &hd; -a' locomotive on the, Wednesday following. The company expects fd'- be able to deliver a- complete -engine, with its tender, every monthuntil the contract expires. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of toe Water Commission/ to have best held last night, lapsed for want of a quorum, and it was agreed thai there should be no nieeting called for a fortnight. The finance committee were authorised to. pay the fbliowing accounts : — Laying pipes, £116 8s lid ; standpipe-men's "wages, JES labor on reseri-es,-£37 1Gb; Upper Gong Gong survey, £19; fen ting-in do, £15 13s 4d; Donoghue, £12 '6s 9d ; Harris, 12s 6d ; lime- and cement, £12 Os "6d ; Bice,' £3 15s ; Mann and Gosden, £9 10s ; C. J. Evans, £5 7s 6d ; gas, £l 15s ; H. Hancock, £2 4s 6d. The tendere wcre -then opened; and referred to "the pab)ic worksjCOtnmitiee, with power to-net ThS-' commissioners who were present, were — The chair-, man (Commissioner M'Dowall), and Commis sioners Scott, -Josephs, Taylor, Dodds, Ivey, and Brophy. 1,. - -it As showing the fluctuations of mining shares, and the forced economy of speculators , in scrip, it may be inentioneid 'tfiu .the management of one of our local companies, In process of winding-up, re ceived. ajetterfroni a«iareh61flei'eTK4osing soip for final dividend of as od, witli a request that it be not paid by a cheque, as 6d would be charged for exchange, but that he -would esteem it a favor if. they would pay toe amount in stamps ; " for, you' must know," adds .the writer, " that these five shares hare cost me £45 1 ! " It is needless to . rey that his'reqnest was co mplied with. ' It will be seen by an advertisement in another ctiiunh that , the Ballarat Football Club open the season this afternoon with a scratch match on the Oral. We are informed "to St there is likely, to be. pignty. -of wort for toe members thia aeastii, kB- challenges bare already . been' tecedred from toe Melbourne and Albert Park Football Clubs ; the Melbourne is for toe 24 th instant They are anxiona to come to Bsliarat. t / Mr Matthew Burnett, the Yorkshire evangelist, will make his first appearance (since his return from England) in the Alfred Hall on Sunday, when he will preach, both afternoon and evening, in connection with the Ballarat Town Mission. 'On Tuesday -evening-next "the' annual meeting "of the mission will be held in the Alfred Hall, when addresses -will-he given by "Mr Burnett and other gentleman. We are asked by Mr Whetier, '-collector for toe.. Hospital, to mention that the second quartcris; recripts from tke Chinese .bazaar (Goon ChongV Golden Point; ambuht: to £36 5s 94. ;He So \- wishes its to caU attention, to fhe privste-Clpggee subscriptions acknowledged in "tiie Hospital; list tor I day, Tlte GeaeareLeetting.aoodexBmplfiby their liberal donations to.thei&bovejcharity;: < A tea rneeting in -jtbnnectioh wito ike Tfostly- : teriao Qhnfobtiak hetd'fo tobfiire Hhll,' on -tberaiSg'of Thhreday, the 30fii t3timo,',"ie supplied; tbey,.vrere nndtt t ;the .presidency of Mesdames Linton, M'Lachlin, anddfrestrail, and MisBes Andereon, Fiaser,"Blackbarn,' Blant,ray- lor. Broiy, ITDonagiqand Mathews; : About l40 people sat down to tea. After the tea, public meeting waa hdd in toe hall) toe Be. Wi'Oamp- ihdL pastor of toe congtegatian- inthe thair.' The 3WsrifdWdedtoefeefo,andTOitiittetodmreKsti ingseeches were delivered by theEev. K. Jr'Merber and Rev. C. H. fogamellsj Several deet pieces of mu$c were rendered by -fih -eomKaed Mioirs of toe tonrcb -aod Sabbato-sdioot, assisted by Mr Milli- gah ; Miss Siepherd prtoidingwt'theRarmoniura. The, whole was under top leadersh) of Mr Shep herd. The main feature of the.eveniiig's proceed ings was the presentajtion of a.'handsbme pulpit - gowp andcassock. Mke John.Qarke, of Emu Hill, ipreeentolLthe gown'to the -JlevhW- JGampbel!, and in doing so said toat she had "much pleasure, on behalf of the congregation, jn presenting tiini the gown and cassock aB a token of their esteem and affection; and-expree sed -n hbpe " that lie Sight "he .long spared to wear it. Mr Campbell, in acknow ledging toe gift, thanked the ladies and the con gregation for their kindness, and hoped .that it would-he Ail -incentive to - him 'to -increSBe -hiS' exertions for the, spiritual -welfare of the church. The usual votes of thanks to the speakere, ladies, choir, "and. "the chairman were warmly responded1 to ; and a most agreeable evening'6 enjoyment was brought to a close by toe. Bey. Mr Mercer pro- nouncing toe benediction. Walter Morris, a " trotter man," waB_ lodged in... the City lock-up last night, charged with stealing, bottles from jthe premises -of Mr Yjoung, if Miair . street.' The Bev. B. T. Cummins will, return to_ Bal larat to-day, and conduct the usdsl services in St. Paul's Chinch to-morrow. The Bev. Mr. AUnutt, with whom Nr Cummins had exchanged duty for a time, has left for Portland. - Special meetings' of toe administrative council and of the council of the School of Mines were held on Thursday, to consider toe following'busi- ness, viz. : — 1. As to'aineuding article 5 of exami- : nation statute of 24th October, 1872. Amendment agreed upon. — 2. As to establishing a class in.tele- ; graphy. It -was determined to invite persons, de- sirons'of joining such a class to communicate With the registrar. — 3. As to appointing a collector, There were six .applicants ; Mr Robert Kil pa trick was appointed.- — 4. As to applying to Government for increased subsidy. .Application o he, made as soonasTKWsible; : The anniversary -services in eonneotion with the Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, Armstrong street, will be held in the Alfred HaU on Sunday, 10th instant, when sermons will be preached by "the Bev. Andrew Robertson, of West Melbourne, morning aid evening. On the Monday evening following, a iecture will be delivered by toe Bev. A Robert- sot; subject: — "Mental Culture; its Bearings -on , toe Beautiful around us in Nature and Art." From toe well-known ability of the Bev. Mr liobeison, a larg; attendance may be expected. it ,. all the', eervicee. 1 ' t - Tie committee of the Mechanics'. Institute, assisted by Mr C. Abbott, whose knowledge and taste in art niattersjviU.be valuable, are bntily en- gaged in bsnging the pictures for the fortbeotning Fine Arts Exhibition. Those who have kindly promisd to lend pictures, or other articles of rerln, would iacilitate by sending them in early to-day, in order to their being properly arrauged. The Ballarat Bowling Club' played is Bcratch match jesterday, and at the close adjourned to the pariiotv where they sat down to a first-class slipper, jfoVided by host Pobjoy at his owii ex pense. : .Various, toasts were proposed, and the health of their entertainer was drunk in bumpers by the pkyers. - Tito prizes won during the season were presented to the winners, and a very enjoyable evening was 'fcpeiit. -.Mr Pobjoy Is About leaving the pavilicn, and it is 'siated'that hfr Lewis (head of the Levis family, who recently appeared at the Mechanics") is to be his successor. A meeting of :4he executive committee of the Ballarat District Division of the Victorian Miners' Association will be held this evening, at eight O'clock, Although the partial eclipse of the moon was not risible in itsearlier stages last night, by reason of the intervening clouds, yet the middle of the phe nomenon, was- attended /by;a clearer sky, And the obscuration of folly four- fifths of the lunar surface: WttsMiscernikat intervals. -s l ; sf The anniversiry tea meeting, in connection with the Hope Of lEgertbh TCrit, LO.R, was held in the Wesleyan Church at Egerton on Thursday night. The tables were, as usual, loaded by the providore. .(Air J. .Graham). with all that is -usual on -such" oc casions to tempt the appetite, or satisfy the hunger, of -tlie : nnmerous ghosts assembled ; ' arid Mes- . dames W: Hicl Ji Gill. Jlerd, Uipn, Gibson, James, '"and" "Slcewes, blisses J. Hicks, Truran, Herring, and Nancarrow cheerfoUy attended to the creature comforts of the visitors. The tables being cleared away, Mt Isaac. Butson was voted to the chair, and opened toe meeting - with anaddress. The choir — consisting bf_ Mr Sampson (ieadet), i Messrs E. Kerr. T. Hides, Martio, E. Hicks, C. Er; j;iaw5ri,(Biissfe J.Micks, M. Truran — then sang the " Festal Meeting;" they also at- intervals rendered' the Crystal Spriug" and the " Good Time Coming "in a moat jredi table manner.- ;.Mr Wm. Beard, thE AecretaTy. read the reporc, -showingrthe ;Hope of Egferton Tent to be in ' '"rids and avail able asteffifoufdufitfog to over £100. and its mem bers numbering. about ; .thirty rone. . Mr Wm- BelL the D.S.,_I.O.R., then followed, and m « humorous, yet leUfog speech showed the' advantages of - total abstinence over all other organisations-for the good of suffering humanity, "and was loudly applanded. Mr Fairer . followed with the recitation " Adam's Ale," mtBt aMy given ; Mr Gibsoh with an address : Mr W. Willis,: With'axeatiing "The: Little Testa- ment?" and then .toe usual Totes ;of " thanks, the sifrging uf-the National Anthem, and' the benedic tion , from the chair: terminated foe proceedings. Ttie,members of -foe tent and Templars' lodge being dressed in regalia, and interspersed through the visitors, of -whom there were fully 120 persons present, had altogether a very -pleasing effect. . "The Aye, alluding to our correspondent's report of a discussion in the Buninyong Borough Council on typhoid fever, says that toe -discussion shows that there Is. a close '.connection between. sanitary measures and the: prevalence of toe disease.. The public will therefore be giad to find' that on Thurs day toe Central -Board of Health derided thaf an enquiiyt'should-be inade into toe eause or origin of toe present epidemic of typhoid, fever,. and toat .some of ibur leading medical men 'should he re- juestedm make toe investigation'. ' Tiie following incidents, which occurred at. the Kilmpre election are reported by she free Press'i — ' " The yalue.of a vote is of a fluctuating character, butwe.never, heard of :a stipulated amount being offered tba. man-not to vote until1 the recent 'plec- tion at Rjlmolre; when a man Who was known to be a supporter of Mr Runt was proffered a £ofoote 'if he would tear up his elector's rigjt Tiie owner 'of foe night spurned tofe offer, .and exercised the 'franchise like a man. A local bonifaee who pro fessed allegiance to Mr Bourke, but . who evidently, 'threw in his weight with Sir John, . was the custo dian of an elector's right belonging to a mam who avowed his intention of exereising it in Mr Hunt's favor. The man made repeated dghands for his. righ t,tmtwas told he'wonld not gePR. Eventually, ;as toe door of the 'polling booth .was. jus t'closing. . .the publican alluded to handed foe man his right, but too fate, to exefiaSe at. M. The'ARsaffp-jlnted elector has a good action against toe unscrupulous publican.". _ r -3 j \- ' "Further political complications (says foe Teli- graph ) are indicated by the rumor that it is pos sible the Hon. A. Fraser will retire from tlie leader- abip.of tbe Upper House. A statement to tois. effect has' already apprared in the country press, and it is perhaps better described as premature than inaccurate, may .be .that toe (Government will see their' way to'ppt a second Minister in the Upper House, the object ., in view; .being to- strengtoen the positich of toe Cabinfet in 'the toat ter of the Refaitu Bill. "J. \ . ' ; 2 An accident ocqutred on the Government rail- way, line yesterday-morning, at'Geriong West, just at the junction of theGeelongand Ballarat lines. An engine (says 'toe Herald) vuKtornmg&oinBMl; rat, having gone up there late onThursd ay night wifh a special train engaged by some persons who wanted particulaj-lyjto hatch toemidnigiit 'coach fromBil-"- larat to foe Western District Ab the engine was shunting at GeelongWpst, it by, some, means got off the Roe, which wak - slightly tiamaged. It was, toeppqqgidfiral>lq;tielay,-gotx>n to' toe rails again, and' came up to. Melbourne without further mis hap- Traffic was" not affected" in consequence of thenmdent, . ' '.Afew days .ago.(say8 toe Argus), a Chinaman whojiad.been transferred from toe Ballarat Gaol ; to; Fenfridge hit. on a most ingenious plan 'for taking tobacco with him into prison, He brooght ;: with Mm "a' piece" of "bread about 1 lb "in weight, winch he hollowed ont so as to contain about a fig of tobacco and a knife. One of the officers hap-' pened to break the -hread in ttvo, rwlien "toldis- eoveiy was mafia;. John appeared quite unmoved, and merely -rai&?.t> good." ' ' i f f . The survey for toe railway line was completed po Wednesday last as f arias Stawril (says the P. C. Hews), and if it remains as at present, the termi nus will be atotoe back 6f foe -Cemetery road, nearly at toe foot of the hiil where the borougii pound k' situated. In its course totoat rite toe fine will pass throqgh the cririce ground and Mr Bickardjs propert-, tlience across the road through r Messrs Martin, and Waters'," and thence to toe proposeatfiraubnar " "r ' ' : The CbrnwalllJhromele tellB toe following story, qf »n inexperienced miner " Mr J. Bennfo,ieh,f ' was, we believe, toe, ;'first -JAhneestbrnan ' who' brought Apepmeps fiom" .toe Nine-pfoe . Springs gopriu,tnto town, and hedid bring in. someffine, qpigpns qfjquaHz from there about'nineor ten years ago. to rooting them out be and his -oomb panionS made ra ahole not unlike a grave, and another gentlemao on his way from Launceston td- George Town ; discovered thie. ffe immediately, jumped to the 'eoariurion that be was just an, titp to" disTOVersbmefrightf olcSsoaf aefostinatipr|,and sictnMly watriifed that gfovcfqr th'ree hoars, ori'a be enablod to bring them to condign punishment." 