Justice in Palmerston. To the Editor. Sir—Under the above heading in your last issue Mr. Anthony (we beg his pardon, Captain Anthony) becomes indignant. He labors under a heavy grievance, and he is determined that the public shall hear his complaint, whether they sympathise with him or not. It may be natural for him to growl; old age is peevish, and we willingly submit to his whims and caprice; but when he exceeds the bounds of social propriety by terming us dishonest workmen and perjured villains, or insinuates as much, and wishes these remarks to be published here, and circulated in Adelaide for the information of the Directors and shareholders of the Company he represents, we consider it necessary to make a few observations in our own defence. We are, however, placed under the difficulty of being rough hewn miners, more accustomed to handle the pick and shovel than to wield the pen, and are no match for a giant in literature who supplies the Adelaide papers with glowing reports of his own achievements, and who apparently prefers to edify the people of Palmerston with theoretical essays in the Times & Gazette on golden country in urbe rather than to convince them of the existence of the precious metal in the distance by practical demonstrations in the claim he assumes to prospect. The case to which he refers was certainly against one of your subscribers, but as the circumstances applied to us both alike we have undertaken to reply jointly, and in doing so we shall be as brief as possible, and trust that our remarks shall be free from the spirit of animosity, so that the judicious use of your scissors well be unnecessary. We believe, at the same time, that whilst we defend ourselves from unwarranted attack we represent the working man as opposed to the genus manager, and consider two signatures necessary, because in some parts of South Australia it would take two miners’ words to be as good as one manager’s. We shall take very little notice of his assertion that he only owed 18s. 3d., because, although it is a stretch of a few shillings, it refers merely to the five shillings a week part of the agreement, and the case hinged on the payment of 15s. per week; or, in other words, on who first broke the agreement. Now, the agreement states that we shall be paid our wages in “sterling” money, and on the 20th December we refused to accept cheques as being contrary to agreement. Captain Anthony then said he would write “sterling” in the body of his cheques, and that would make them “sterling” money, but we could not be got to believe in the metamorphosis, and resolved to sue for the wages due. We did not run away from the work; we pointed out that we required to be paid, and the Captain told us we were “free men and could act as we liked.” He actually gave us provisions for the road, and a cheque for three pounds in payment for a dog he purchased. It would have been better for us pecuniarily if he had kept his cheque and we had kept the dog. Surely this looked like giving us permission to go to Palmerston. It must be remembered that our want of faith in the cheque business was not altogether unjustifiable, for we took down with us a cheque given by Captain Anthony to one of our mates Hobby. We cannot say in what case this cheque was drawn; all we know is that we wanted the money, and that although the cheque was drawn on the 20th, and presented on the 30th December, our reply at the bank was three very significant initials, but three very unsatisfactory ones. This cheque was handed in to the Court (not foisted on it), and it was evident that it had not been cashed. With reference to his interrogative insinuations that we are culprits in making misstatements, we most positively deny that any misstatements were made on our part, and we further deny that the evidence he quotes is correct. We swore only in strict accordance with the agreement, afterwards handed in to the Court, and all that we wanted was to prove that we were not the first to break that agreement—all we sought was to be paid for our labor in current coin. We have done our duty to the Company, and wish the Company to understand that we did so. We have borne many grievances without making complaint; but we have no wish to be called dishonorable by the manager. We acknowledge that our manager is no ordinary one; he left in Adelaide assurances that his exploits would be something marvellous. He was to have penetrated the interior 100 miles further than any who had gone before him; and he was to have discovered reefs revealing enormous wealth. Certainly, he has not yet started for the interior, because he is probably desirous of solving the question of the existence of rich lodes within a short distance of Palmerston. This will probably account for the fact that out of six months’ residence in the Territory he has been only about two months on the Stapleton. His anxiety to discover a fountain of wealth without risking the danger of exploration, probably, induced him to despise the menial labor of overseeing the work of taking the property of the Company from the ship as far as the Tumbling Waters. It could not be supposed that a manager with extraordinary capacity would stoop to take inventories of pots of jam and bouillie. We admired him so much that we never murmured when we saw those medical comforts mentioned in the agreement as intended for our use consumed for the gratification of the stranger; we looked passively on while the passer by and the visiting stars from Palmerston cried “long live the Captain,” and demolished vociferously those camp comforts, which in Hibernia are known as drops from the “crater.” We submitted to this deprivation because we served under noble auspices. But the period of admiration has gone; the tide has changed, and our confidence is shaken. We sought for gold and found paper; we asked for an equivalent and it was not forthcoming; but we applied for justice and obtained it. And now with other miners who have been compelled to visit Palmerston in order to obtain redress, we can exclaim “Depart from us ye shades of panjammas and bottled! Indulgent Directors! bleeding shareholders! deliver us from the ghost of Anthony!” We are, Sir, &c.; JAMES HOSKING. JOHN SAUNDERS. Palmerston, February, 1874. [Any further correspondence on this subject must appear in our advertising columns.—Ed.] 