POLICE COURT THIS DAY .WATER POLICE COURT (Before the W.P.&C;, V«tii Messrs. Oatley, Eaphael, and Baymond.) Several drunkards were fined. William Copernpn was fined Es, for being drunk and liUorderiy. ?-..?? Alfred Sevres, five yOnrs of age, wag brought up by senior-constable Qiggins for protection, and was ordered to ba sent to thB- Benevolent Asylum. Samuel Hughes was brought before the court on warrant SENIOR CONSTABLE WILLIAM MARcharged with' deserting from the ship Dragon. Defendant was sent to gaol for one month, p . uu mo eummons sneec uiere were eleven cases. Reuben M»nis v..J. Parvie, detaining property. The bench ordered the property tOj bo given up. JameB White v. Bavid Whitehead. assault. Defen dant was fined 40 s, with 5s lDd costs of court, and 21s professional costs to Mr. Joseph Lowe for -tho prosecution. Ah Kee v. John ,Byan, assault. Defendant did. not appear, and a warrant was ordered ta issue. ' Fitzgerald v. Fitzpatrick, wages claim for L12 14s. An order was made against', the defendant for the amount claimed. -The other cases were either postponed, dismissed, or there were no parties. . ? . , ' . Ths audience at tue Carandini concert last -evening was not so numerous as we could 'wish to have Beon it, but was attentive and discrimin&lfrig.; The irogramme commenced. with a well eiocoted «horus from ' Ernani,' ani yma followoil by a ,»erjr pretty BOBg by Warner, iomindiiigriB forcibly of FraM Abt, beautifully rendered by M&S; lixzie, whose fine mezzo eopraaK) did full, justice to the composer. ''The Power of Cove,'' from Balte's ' ' SatancUa/'.did not' equal our ' expectations. Tho fair ' ringer has not sufficient dramatic fircj. and attion for such a passionate outburst of pent- up love us' it oxpreasod in the intrcdustory ?recitative, and tho eompnsn Is rather top grejit for her xegister. The music, too, U of that chat^jit&as; to sen der embdhahment and elaborate cadenzas (nit of plaoe ; still thB air was sune: correctly; and.Snrai sufficient feeling to elicit eonfliaerable applause.' -Hr.' 'Gordon's fine basso was heard to advantage Jina^arry'e ' de Bcriptireeong.'of 'The riving DutcnmiflJ,' atod.an nnanimpns encore followed, when ne' Jsubstituied 'S«nng . on, '.Old' Pendulum,'*: with -jf^xl;. effect. lfn^ft.mfl' Oflisziduil fiaug; -an exquisite fc$M$nnV 'ftptn VerdiV 'HoniBatai,1' with atttiefrealiiie^ *f youth, combined with, tte -taste and execution of ft fikished mnflician. and obtained well-merited abnnVusB. The harmoninm solo oh albs froni 'Los Hugn^nots' in troduoad Mr. lander^an to tho public wu perfect mftiter pf that inBtruttiSnt. His selection i)pmnienoed with- a diort' preluae 'leading m to theifeU-known opening chorus, followed by Orbftin'e eiqnSsite song 'Homi *DoiMBji,'l;iili4 -«ori«biding 'Vith-1^te^3DiB^nte jChdros.' ' -Mr.' tandergwi, who prorfSi hirnBelf thrbughbot theeTsiuiig' a most efficlelkfr '-s^bs^cuust and valnablt addition to Mtidam? CarsidirJ&OQinpaiiy;, Juts only jobcntijT- loffc Q&nier;^&rj;^^^feir^S6|u&ndk; where h« was highly arjpreciaWd : ft testimbnial^Sn'tbe. form of as illuminated address an Ja pureelof eovereipna ' haTihg been presetited to him on the eve of ' his depairtare.' After Mr:ilianderean'« rjfirf ormaiioe; IBbs Fonnie introducsd a jnost charming- song i by ' Blumenfhal,' to which, her rioh contralto tones, and admirabla expresaon of light and shade' lent an additional charm. A rapturous encore followed, when th* fair caitatrioe sang wi^h great simplicity and feeling 'The Murmur of the Shell' One of Mr. George Ootterell's stetchea of character followed, in 'which he pert armed ft fivejac drama in about as many minutes, anstaining all the cbiractcrs himself, and keeping tha audience in a broad grin throughout. '. Our German cousins' song, ' I BchmoVee,'' bronght7 the'first part to » ooneluldon. We think it a pUy'thut Hr. Ootterell, whose versa tility and facial expression equal any jnonopolokigiat, we nave -aver heard, does not erUnd fas fitfkftotre, and give the publio as. opportunity of bearing and seeing more of the comic powers which he-nndtttbtedly tossesees. The second portion of the programme, which was by no means .so attractive as the first, com mencod with Bishop's ev«r popular nag.' aa^ chorus, ' Now ^ tramp o'er moss and felW which was well rendered by Hiss Isabella, and the company. The 'land of the leal' followed next, snug by Miss Fannie, who, on an oneore being calltd fsr, graoefnlly b»wed her .acknow ledgment. Kaeken's eharming duet 'May,' by the sisters Isabella and Lizas, same next, and was taste folly and eorrwtlT execntetL Vr. Gordon then gave the 'Vendetta,' from 'IiUorena Boreia,' with gr*at p»wer, which beisg snooredthasang 'Swing on, Old VgnAnJnm' We cannot help expresSfe onropinion tEat an Italian, like KpoettuucUarttmfi, and that it u- mistake for TJngHcti angen to attempt a foreign iaagURgo unless they hare mttstere-i the prononcUtion and accent by long training and. residence in Sue country, ? whose language they are rehearsing, it was undoubtedly Mr. Gordon's, tones and not his singing which elicited the encore. Madame Carandin nas so often song ' Tie. Irish Emigrant,' that it is sufficient to say it -was sung as-well as when «i»s old sprig was new. The nniTeWallyinoTm trio from 'H Trovatore'1 followed, and was charmingly sung, Mr. Sherwin, who was in excellent roice, douur aB ijufltioe to the music allotted to the 11-fated Hanrico. A spirited march, by Sydney Smith, arranged &s; a duet, and veil exe cuted by Kiss Fannie and Mr. Lsadergan, was followed tar sonse more of ifr. Ootterell's comicalities, who, bv hia whimsical rendering of ' Tha three little pigs' and ' Gilps Scrogsins's ghost,' fairly convulsed the andieaco. The ?; Flower song,' from Gounod's Faust, brought Miss lizzie on once more ; and the sparkling Bolo and chorus from Offenbach's 'Grand Ihjchess, admirkbly rendered, brought a somewhat loiigthy.tJrai gramme to a satisfactory termination. The public owe adoht of gratitude to the Carandini Company ;fb' ejwng them an opportunity of hearing music of a higher order than unfortunately has been dispensed of kvte by the caterers for tha amusement of the public; and _wo sincerely hope that their soncert of sacred music tp-uight, the programme of which includes gems from the compositions of the greatest masters, wiU at Iract as full an audience as its excellence demandE. The quantity of ore received from the tin mines of New England, by the Oliirenoe *o& Netv Enal»nd Steam Navigation Company, at their whatf. South Giafton, for siiipiusut hy tUeir steamers to the mctrDii«lis, dHrlcg the weekending itny 23rd. was 37 tons 16 cvtSqn and 7 lbs. Tin mining at Vegetable Creek and theTable Innrt Xin *tines is rejwrted to be almost at a stand-Mill for Uie want of rain. MAUK TWAIN ON B.1J3 iltTSICIAKS.— It is s sabjact of go-:6r« romsrk aiDo.tg druegists, that no mejicioe i'.trodse d in Atiitraiia lias met with ro Urse n 8i'.e &s; WBSTON*S W1Z iED OIL. Foaaossing enuh healing end curative qualities,' et.ia great Aanorican remedy ha« a wi-ie r«ng« of application »n4 owfuioess. It far exceeds the expectations of the moat Mngnita, eliciting tho I'-adeat pralnc, fnd makns [wi-mannnt living adverUising; meHjums of all who see It. Com poicd en^reiy of faealinir f gnu. vesretabie oils, btmj fcwfco. WEsrON'.'i WI2AEl- OIL is pronounood by MJ— 'A balm for every winnd,' 'u ciue for every 11.' Thirty-poaee at all DrnggleU. 