WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY tu, 187.. Wc are not altogether without hope that the country is beginning to recover from the protectionist craze by which it has been so long afflicted. The symptoms of improvement are aa yet by no means marked, but we think we may say that things have taken a turn for the better. We no longer find aspirants for Parliamentary honours confined almost entirely to the ranks of the party which advocates a policy of privileged plundering. Several gentle- men have announced their intention of standing at the coming general elec- tion in the intoroato of freo trade, and we are entitled to assume that they have not committed themselves to a contest without having first taken some steps Lo ascertain the feeling of the constituencies to which they severally intend to appeal, with a view of estimating their pro- bable chancea of success. The mere fact that they should think it worth their while to come forward .'S » proof that there is a reaction going on in tho public mind, and that experience is slowly but surely pvoducing those con victions concerning the folly ot fet- tering trade which neither argument nor entreaty could establish a few years ago. But although the country is beginning to stir in its sleep, and to exhibit some symptoms of returning consciousness, it remains of course to be seen whether the process of awakening has become sufficiently developed to exercise any decisive influence on the conduct of "the new Parliament. It might have been thought that the agri- cultural classes, tho miners, and that great mass of unskilled labour which always forms the bulk of the working population, would have been tired long before this of contributing a largo por- tion of their hardly-earned wages to swell the incomes of a few favoured me- chanics and grasping manufacturers, but it is evident that the limits of. human I endurance aro of the most extensivo I nature whenever human ignorance has been tickled by a high-sounding name or a plausible idea. There is, apparently, something in the cry of " protection to " native industry " which is dear to the heart of the working man. It kindles in his imagination visions of double pay and constant employment, and though every j ear must teach him that " this also is vanity," it is only gradually that he can crush his faith in a theory which gave him such bright hopes and pleasant expectations. Meanwhile, of couise, protection is producing its legitimate fruit-the con- sumer ia suffering, while the producer is not benefited. Importations of nearly every sort of manufactured goods go on as merrily as ever, as is proved by the Customs revenue collected. Only, of course, as importers are met on the threshold of our markets by a demand for 10 per cent, duty on this article and 20 per cent, on the other, they are compelled to depreciate the intrinsic value i of their wares in a corresponding ratio, otherwise they could not compete with 'the local tradesmen. The consequence is that the public are compelled to pay more for inferior articles under existing ! arrangements than it would be called I on to give for first-class goods under a 'system of free competition. Nor is the 1 producer much better off. The estab lislirnentof*- number of useless factories ,-all worked at a loss to the comnvunity, whatever may be the result to their 'respective proprietors - has had the .effect of congregating a large proportion lof the population in a few large towns, whereas it should have been allowed to ihave spread naturally over the territory, replenishing the earth and subduing it, and creating a demand for those colonial manufactures which, in the presence of 'an actual want, would have sprung into 'existence without any artificial or dis- honest encouragement. The prosperity of 'all classes would then havo rested on a ¡sound basis, whereas now the inevitable Teturn to free trade will certainly be attended by'suffering and loss to all those trades which depend on a stato subsidy for their existence. Our present fiscal system has also a tendency to make workmen look to something out- side themselves and beyond their own efforts for the promotion of their indi- vidual interests. In some correspon- dence which has taken place lately relative to a dispute between the opera- tive saddlers and their employers, the fact that young men cannot make suffi- cient at the trade to support a wife and family in comfort is actually put forward by one writer as a grievance. It does not seem to have occurred to the naive gentleman that young saddlers, like other young men, should not take on themselves the responsibilities of married life until, by skill and industry, they have attained a position which will enable them to keep those dependent on them in reasonable comfort. But this is a sample of the wild ideas which have been imbibed by many amongst our working classes in conse- quence of the pernicious attempts that have been ignorantly made to " force " them into prosperity. But whatever yearnings farmers, miners, and unskilled labourers may havá for a. Murs to a system of taxation whicîi Wold enable them to enjoy the fruits of theil* toil with- out having a percentage deducted for the benefit of others, there eau be no doubt that a very strong feeling in favour of protection still lingers amongst a large portion of the metropo- litan population. How long, however, it will continue to exist is doubtful ; but sooner or later, unless our tariff bo very considerably modified, the slack- ness in trade arising from the transfer- ence of business to the comparatively free port of Sydney must bring men to their senses. The abrogation of the Border Customs treaty, owing to the disparity between our archaic list of duties and that in force in New South Wales, has already endangered avaluablo trade with Biverina, besides embittering our relations with the neighbouring Government to an extent which will probably have the effect of delaying scttlomont of the federation question for years. As to that white elephant which, at our earnest request, the Im- perial Government presented to us in tho shape of an act authoiising inter- colonial Customs treaties, the royal beast has remained in retirement, and is not likely to show his paces for many a day. Even if our ridiculous tariff did not stand in the way of an arrangement, the absurdity of endea- vouring to combine intercolonial free trade with protection as against the rest of the world is self-evident to all who know anything about the re- sources and productions of the various colonies of the Australian group. If any one wishes to see this clearly de- monstrated, let him consult the minute on the subject forwarded by »Sir Her- cules Robinson to tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, one of the ablest state papers that over left the Australian shoves. On the whole, how- ever, after attentively studying the signs of the times, we do not despair of seeing an early movement mado in the direction of free trade, with the full concurrence of a large majority of the people. They can shut their eyes to a great deal when they please, but they cannot remain blind to their pecuniary interests for ever. The abrupt dissolution of the Im- perial Parliament, the Conservative re- action, as-exhibited by the result of the general election, the resignation of Mr. Gladstone, and the restoration to office of Mr. Disraeli, constitute a succession of events which have boen witnessed with mingled feelings of amusement and amazement by the people of these colonies. Liberal and progressive in most, though not by any means in all, of our political sentiments, wo are reluctant to subscribe to the belief that a change of Ministry in Eng- land implies any change in the policy of the nation. The speed of the engine may be moderated, but its direction is not likely to be reversed. To these colonies, in their political relations with the mother country, a change of Ministry in England has ceased to be a matter of importance. W _atever may be the opinions enter taiucd by individual members, of Liberal or of Conservative Governments aa to the wisdom or expediency of maintain- ing the integrity of the Empire and of consolidating its unity, wo have tho satisfactory assurance that the people of Great Britain are resolved upon main- taining that empire intact and inviolable and that no Administration which should venture to propose, or to connivo at, its dismemberment could continue to hold office for a single week. Hence whatever changes may take place ia the political headship of the Colonial Office, there is no probability of any departure from the policy pursued by previous Secretaries of State who havo had charge of that department. It will continue to bo regulated by official tradition rather than by party principle; and the ambition of the Earl of Car- narvon will probably bo directed to acquit himself of his duties with as little embarrassment to his colleagues, with the oftür of as few occasions for criticism from his opponents, and with as much ease and credit to himself, as possible. The utmost that the Secretary of State for the Colonies, with forty dependencia of the Crown placed under his Minis- terial supervision, can look for is the negative praise of avoiding giving offence to distant communities, which are often unreasonable, always sensitive to encroachments, real or imaginary, upon their constitutional immunities ¡and too frequently-as in our oivu case-committed to a fiscal system which is diametrically opposed to the policy and the interests of Great Britain, and equally adverse to reason, justice, and science. No distinction w ,to be gained in conducting the affaiis of the Colonial Office, and its acceptance at any time by a man who has made his mark in either House of Parliament may be regarded, perhaps, as a proof that he is willing to subordinate per- sonal considerations to the interests of his nartv. But there is one particular in whick Englishmen, in whatsoever part of Her Majesty's dominions they may have ¡settled, never cease to feel the livelie.'.l concern, and that is, the dignity of the Empire to which thoy belong. ¡They are all of one mind in the desire that whatever Administration may hold office, the honour and credit of the British name should bo uphold; and thal the sordid and ignoble principles of the peace-at-any-price party should not be suffered to influence the attitude of 'England towards foreign powers. I "To be weak is miserable, j Doing or suffering," and the nation which shrinks from ¡asserting its just claims, and from ex- hibiting the " courage never to submit " or yield," when the truth and the Tight have to be vindicated, invites rather than avoids danger. Mr. Glad- stone's Ministry' suffered in public esti- mation by the timidity and vacilla- tion of its foreign policy, and English- men in all parts of the world will scrutinise that of his successor with a vigilant and anxious eye. By the death of tho Rev. Pltek Menzies the Presbyterian body in this colony has lost its ableBt preacher and its foremost man. -Nor will the loss be felt only by the church of which he waa a minister-. His influ6)ïc0 oxtended out- side of its pale, and mado itself felt in the other Protestant denominations. For his breadth of view and progressiveiiess ¡pf mind operated as a reproach to some preachers, and as a healthy stimulus to pthers. Theological formuhe were not permitted to cramp and fetter the elas- ticity and growth of his aotivc mid rcce(> iivo intellect. Having breathed the freo air of a German University, ¡tiitl familiarised himself with the speculative philosophy of the age, he was enabled to use it as auxiliary to his labours as a teacher of religion. Mr. ' M_N_m*> was emphatically a thinker, and ho sot his hearers thinking. The mysteries of life and death, of the world that is and the world which is to succeed it, were something more in his estima- tion than trite thornes, >and he never found a languid audience. He gave his whole mind to the subject upon which ho was speaking, and he quickened into activity the mental faculties of those who listened to lum. His sympathies were with tho times in which he lived, and with tho tone of contemporary thought. Ile was, if such an expression is allowable with regard to a minister of his denomi- nation, a broad churchman, and one of the latest sermons which ho preached in the Melbourne Athon.'uum-on Christian Pantheism-might have proceeded from the most eminent of the liberal divines of our own day. He belonged to a class of teachers and preachers which is becoming moro and moro numerous and popular in the mother country, as understanding and sympathising with tho difficulties and perplexities of the contemporary laity. Such a man could be ill spared by his oyvn church, and his passing away is both a bereavement and a regret to all who knew him, irrespective of their agreement or disagreement with the religious opinions which he illustrated and enforced with such conspicuous ability. A gentleman resident at Howlong, whose letter appeared in our issue of Tuesday, is much exercised in his mind in consequence of the inconveniences which have arisen through the abrogation of the Border treaty. It is evident that he has very loose notions concerning the transaction of official business, and has not a soul capable of appreciating the ex- quisite delights derivable from going through official forms, or being subjected to official politeness. He is a man who reasons in a rough-and-ready manner--in a way which would make the hair upon the head of any average collector of Cus- toms to stand on end "like quills upon "the fretful porcupine." He seems to think that when he wants to visit a friend a few miles back from the Victorian side of the river, he should have a right to ferry his horse and buggy across and set out upon his way rejoicing, without asking the permission of any Customs officer, or entering himself and his belongings in the usual orthodox fashion. Like "the poor Indian," also, "whose untutored mind " was so mira- culously active, he thinks that when he crosses the river "His faithful dog should bear him company." Now all this is frightfully irregular. The idea of a man precipitating himself upon the Victorian shore with a little "bit of " a dawg " at his heels which has never passed the inspector of stock is really appalling. Besides, it should be re- membered, when contemplating the possi- bility of any such steps being taken, that it is so easy to comply with the regulations, which have evidently been drawn up with a view to afford the very utmost facilities for commercial and social inter- course between the two colonies. How- long, according to our correspondent, is only distant some 20 miles either from Wodonga or Wahgunyah, both of which are ports of entry, so that a person wish- ing to take his dog across the river need only travel 40 miles--a more trifle--in order to accomplish his purpose. Could anything possibly be more delightful or better calculated to beget kind and neighbourly feelings between the inhabi- ant of Howlong and ourselves ! Judging om the letter referred to, there is a Victorian officer stationed somewhere in the neighbourhood of that township, but he is not permitted to take duties. He is simply there, we presume, for the pur- pose of seeing that no Now South Wales cur wags his tail on Victorian soil other- wise than according to law. And yet, no doubt, we should be very angry if anyone disputed our claims to be considered a civilised people. The report read at the annual general meeting of the Acclimatisation Society is of an interesting and satisfactory nature. The establishment of a Zoological-garden in the Royal-park has had a beneficial effect, by interesting a larger number of people in the success of the society, as is proved by the augmentation in the num- ber of members. The collection of ani- mals is steadily increasing, and arrange- ments have been made whereby we may soon hope to see tigers and elands added to the stock. The council is fully im- pressed with the desirability of making additions as opportunity offers, but is ham- pered in its movements by the want of money. However gratifying the exhibition thus provided may be to the general public, we must confess that the acclimatisation branch of the society's operations has far more interest for us. We would sooner hear of the formation of trout ponds at Mount Macedon, from which both brown and salmon trout may hereafter be dis- tributed throughout the colony, and know that a pheasant-breeding establish- ment has been set up in a suitable locality among the ranges, than witness the arrival of' the very royalest of all the royal tigers of Bengal. It is not, let it be understood, that we love zoology less, but that we love acclimatisation more. For this reason we were sorry to hear the remarks which fell from the chairman, to the effect that nearly all that is necessary to be done in the way of acclimatisation has already been accomplished. We cannot concur in this opinion at all. Even if it were not desirable to introduce any further description of birds, beasts, or fishes, there is work for many years to come cut out for the society in adding to the number of the various species already here, and in arranging for the distribu- tion of their increase throughout the colony. But will any one say that the duties of acclimatising are done, so long as the salmon is a stranger to our waters ? And surely there are many other animals amongst the fauna of other lands which would prove desirable acquisitions. Let the zoological exhibition be maintained by all means, but do not let the society forget those primary duties which origi- nally led to its establishment. The Nubia, which will bring the January English mails, only left Galle on the 18th inst. for Adelaide, so that it is unlikely that she can reach Melbourne before the contract time, which is Wednesday, 11th March. The Minister of Public Instruction, the Minister of Eailways, the Commissioner of Customs, and the Solicitor-General went yesterday to Maryborough, where the first sod of the third section of the Ballarat and Maryborough Railway was turned, and the foundation-stone of the new state school laid. These ceremonies were performed by Mr. Gillies and Mr. Stephen respectively. In the evening a banquet took place, at which Mr. Stephen made a rather lengthy speech, demonstrating the successful way in which the Education Act was work- ing. Mr. Gillies, on behalf of the Railway department, made the equally satisfactory announcement that the returns from the North-Eastern Railway had greatly exceeded the expectations of the Government. A full account of the proceedings, telegraphed by our special reporter, is published in this morning's issue. An application was made to the Minister of Lands yesterday by Mr. Thomas M'Pher- son for a licence to occupy a piece of land at Footscray for a jute factory. The request was refused, Mr. Casey stating that the Government would not issue licences for any land on the banks of the Yarra or Salt- water River. Messrs. Butcher and Brisbane applied on behalf of the Echuca Agricultural Society that the land reserved at Echuca for the Northern General Association should be handed over to the society. It was directed that the land, if available, should be reserved to the society in trust conjointly with that body and the Board of Land and Works. The Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne is to leave by the mail steamer on Thursday, His lordship will administer the holy com- munion at St. James's Cathedral at half-past 8 in the morning, and the address from members of the Chuich of England will be presented at the Town-hall, at 11 a.m. the same day. The s.s. Alhambra brings New Zealand in- telligence to the 19th inst. His Excellency the Governor arrived at Wellington in his yacht, the Blanche, on the 18th, and the Par- liamentary difficulty was at an end. A Gazette extraordinary had been issued, inti- mating that hon. members of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly were re- leased from attendance in Parliament until the 20th April next. The arrest of George Maurice Drummond, absconding manager of the Provincial and Suburban Bank at Richmond, was made on board the Mikado on the 12th, in Wellington harbour, by Sergeants Monaghan and Frazer. He had eluded the vigilance of the police at Lyttelton and Dunedin, at both of which places the vessel was searched. Drum- mond was in his cabin and partially undressed when captured. £470 in half-sovereigns were found under his pillow. Travelling with him as Mrs. Drummond was a Miss Austin. She exhibited considerable distress when the arrest was made known to her, crying most bitterly. Drummond, it appears, strongly advised her to prosecute her journey, £88 for passage money having been paid for both of them at Dunedin. It is supposed that Miss Austin has gone on, but it is not positively known. Drummond was brought up and rernanded, and will be detained at Welling- ton until authority is received from Mel- bourne to send him there. Two more deaths had occurred amongst the Mon- gol's passengers. The first section of the Invercargill and Mataura railway has been __ over by Messrs. Brogden to the Government. On Saturday, February 14, an exclusion train took COO persons to Wood- lands, wheto luncheon was provided by the contractors. His Excellency Mr. Weld, Governor of Western Australia, was a pas- senger by the train, and was also present at the luncheon. Amongst tho passengers by Mikado, for San Fiancisco, were Mr. líos «ma and Miss Colville. From a private source we leam some addi- tional particulars of the attack made by the natives on the Barrow's Creek telegraph station last Sunday evening. It seems that all hands were at the time outside the build- ing enjoying an evening's smoko and talking to some young blacks, when a mob of natives stole up, under cover of a building, and speared Mr. Stapleton, the officer in charge. The party upon this rushed for the entrance-gate of the station, but were driven back by a shower of spears. They then ran round the building, followed by the natives in a body, and contrived to gain the en- trance, which was also guarded. The blacks then cleared off, but next morning reappeared, all fully armed. They were fired at with rifles, at a distance of 500 yards, and dispersed. The attack appears to have been quite un- provoked, as the natives have always been treated with kindness. The force at the station consisted of seven white men, in- cluding one trooper. A linesman named Frank was killed on the spot, and Mr. Sta- pleton was so badly injured that he died of his wounds on Monday afternoon. He leaves a widow and four children. He was for- merly employed in the Victorian service as an operator, and subsequently had charge of the station at Mount Gambier for two years, and was appointed to Barrow's Creek on the opening of the overland line. A black boy who was present when the attack was made was speared in three places. He is recover- ing. The inquest as to the death of Mr. Max- well Reynolds was resumed yesterday, when several witnesses were examined. Most of the evidence had reference to the relations between the deceased and a Mr. Augustus Green, agent for Nobel's giant powder, or dynamite, who was employed by, or in business with, the deceased. The inquest was further adjourned until 10 o'clock next Tuesday, for the purpose of allowing time for a balance-sheet to be drawn up, showing the state of the accounts between deceased and Mr. Green. Mr. G. P. Smith addressed a meeting of electors of South Bourke at the Hatvthorn Town-hall last night. A resolution was passed nem con. declaring him to be a lit and proper person to represent the district, At the meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, Mr. Moody presiding, and a good number of the com- mittee being present, Mr. Aarons moved the following motion :-"That a sub-committee be appointed to inquire into the working of the medical staff, and as ' to the desirability or otherwise of reorganising the same, by appointing a senior resident medical officer, whose age shall not be less than 35 years, and who shall have been at least seven years in medical practice." He explained that his principal object was to have a responsible head of the resident medical staff, and that he thought the beBt way to secure that would bo to dismiss t»vo of the four composing the present resident staff, and appoint instead of them such a person as was mentioned in the motion. Mr. Gillbee opposed the motion. Ho thought the question of appointment of such an officer as was proposed should bo left over until there was a vacancy in the staff. Mr. James also opposed the motion, saying he thought the young men who passed the medical examinations at the University would in futuro be willing to act as house surgeons without payment, as similar young men did in English hospitals, and then the hospital would be able to afford the salary which would be needed for such an expe- rienced officer as was proposed. The motion on being put was negatived by a consider- able majority. The first meeting of the ne»v council of the Victorian Riilo Association was hold last evening. Major Parnell was in the chair. Messrs. Templeton, Wardill, and Davis, were appointed as the Intercolonial Match Committee. It was decided that Messrs. Draper, Wardill, Watson, King, Lacey, Templeton, DaviB, and Dyer should bo allowed the use of the Metford rifles issuod to them, and that the remainder of the match rules should he left at the butts, in charge of the ranger, for the use of the membeis of the association. Application for these to bo made to the sec- retary when wanted. A letter was received from Messrs. Brewer and Cooper, the honorary secretaries of the New South Wales Rifle Association, with reference to the next annual contest between the colonies, re- questing to be informed what rifles it was in- tended should be used in the intercolonial contest of 1874, and also as to the time when it should take place. It was decided that when information was received that tho Martini- Henry rifles had arrived here the Kew South Wales association should be communicated »nth. It was suggested that tho intercolonial matches should take place about the end of October. A letter was read from the secretary of the Otago Jiifle Association, addressed to the Secretary of the V. R. Association, conveying the following resolution, passed at a meeting of the council of that body, to the effect: "That the thanks of this association bo accorded to the officers and members of the Melbourne Colonial Force, and to the officers and members of the Victorian Rifle Associa- tion, for their kindness and courtesy to the members of theNe»v Zealand Force that took part in the late intercolonial rifle matches." The question of the reservation of the ranges at Emerald-hill was discussed, and it waa decided that action should be at once taken with regard to the matter. The ordinary meetings of the council were fixed for the first Monday in each month. Mr. Alexander Crombie Todd, tho chief inspector of public works, who is on the eve of starting for a trip to Europe, was enter- tained at a complimentary dinner al the London Tavern last evening. About 80 gentlemen sat down to an excollent dinner, tbe chair being occupied by Mr. J. White man, M.L.A., Mr. Todd being seated on his right hand, and his worship the mayor of Melbourne on the left of the chairman. Among the company were a largo number of inspectors of works, and other Government officers, and moBt of the leading contractors in Melbourne. After the usual loyal toasts had been drunk, Mr. Wood, of the Public Works Department, read an address to Mr. Todd, and presented bim with a handsome gold watch and chain, which had been sub- scribed for by the inspectors of public works. Mr. Todd returned thanks in a short speech, and alluded to the kindness and considera- tion that had always been exhibited towards him by the inspectors of public works. A very enjoyable evening was spent, some of the gentlemen present contributing some exüeniely guud singing. Though there is not much excitement shown about the V.1Î..C. Autumn Meeting, still a fair amount of betting has been done on the principal favourites. Since 1,000 to 200 ivas taken in one bet on Contessa for the Australian Cup, Mr. Pilgato's mare has been in considerable demand at 5 to 1, but the fielders will only give i to 1. Formosa has been backed at 700 to 100, Her price is quoted at 100 to 15. Villiers has been fairly supported at 7 to 1. Toodle íb a very Btrong favourite for the Newmarket Handicap ¡ 2 to 1 is the best price that can be obtained about bim. Lapidist has been backed for the St. Leger at 100 to SO, and the same price would bo taken, but even money is the best offer. 3 to 1 is offered against the Sylvia colt. Kingliko's price is quoted at 5 to 1. A fair amount of double-event betting on the two handicaps has been done. The entries and acceptances for the Donnybrook race meet- ing promise an excellent afternoon's sport on Saturday next. A special train has been engaged to take the visitors to the ground, leaving Spencer-street station at 11 a.m., and starting on the return journey at G p.m. The clipper ship Yorkshire brings another addition to our Btock of highly.bred grey- hounds, Mr. J. B. Were having received a very handsome slut named Judy. She is said to have performed well in the old country. Thero is a uno prospect of sport for coursing men during the ensuing season. In addition to the large stakes already ad vertised by the Victoria Coursing Club, Mr. W. J. Clarke, the president of the club, has announced his intention of giving a Rold cup of CO guineas value, to be coursed for on con- ditions to be arranged by the committee of the club. Mr. William M'Culloch, the vice president, has also promised a silver cup valued at 25 guineas on the same con- ditions. A young girl named Alice Walker, under 10 years of ago, waa placed in the dock at the City Police Court yester- day, chaiged with stealing a gold watch from Mrs. Bishop, a lady residing in Victoria-parade, Fitzroy. The prisoner was in the employment of Mrs. Bishop, ns house servant, in July last, and left her situation early in the month. Soon after- wards the watch waa missed, and inform- ation was given to the police, but nothing was heard of the missing property till about 10 days ago, when the prisoner's father re- ported to the police that his daughter had stolen the watch. In giving his evidence, the girl's father stated that he received the watch from his daughter uarly in July last. He had it repaired, and kept it in his pos- session until he gave information to the police of the-robbeiy. no said he questioned her UB to ho»v sho carno by the watch, and was told that Bhe picked it up. His wife afterwards led him to believe the girl had stolen it, and he then gave information to the police. The Bench, out of consideration for the prisoner's youth, inflicted the mode- rate penalty of a fine of 40s., and commented severely on the conduct of the girl's father in detaining the property for such' a long time without making any attempt to discover the owner. From the'flippant manner in which the prisoner behaved, it is doubtful i£ the merciful consideration of the bench will have any effect in deterring her from the bad line of life she has chosen, A case of lunacy, in which the loss of reason was said to have been caused by spiritism, was brought before the Wil- liamstown Police Court yesterday. The victim was a middle-aged man named Loury, who hailed from Marong, and who had resided in Williamstown for a fortnight, having come fiom Marong with the in- tention of proceeding home by the Lincoln shire, in which ship he bad secured his passage. .The woman at whoso boarding house he was staying deposed that she first noticed him eccentric on Sunday last, when he was holding an axe over the cat, while he muttered some gibberish to it. In the evening he remarked that ho was next in honour to the Holy Ghost, and descended through Captain Cook. He knew his land- lady 1,000 years ago, and rescued her from the bottomless pit 300 years since, and would pitt her back again for another 300 years if she did not behave herself. As she be camo afraid of him, she laid an information against him as a lunatic. It took four police- men to convey him to the watchhouse, and his demeanour in the dock was very violent. The necessary medical certificates having been handed in, Louiy was committed to ' the asylum, loudly protesting that ho was not a lunatic, and if that charge was entered against him he would mako the magistrate a lunatic before a month elapsed. A case of perjury will come on for hearing at the Williamstown Police Court on Tues- day next, under the following circumstances : -On the 3rd hist, a Miss Clair, dressmaker, sued Mr. Blackett for a small sum for work done. It was admitted that the money had been paid to Mr. Eve, tailor, who said Miss Clair was in his employ. In the box Miss Clair swore positively that she worked in a room rented by her fiom Eve, and paid him for her board and lodging. On the other hand, Eve swore as positively that Miss Clair waa in his employ, and he paid her 15s. wages per week. An information has been sworn against Miss Clair for per j my, and the case will be heard as stated. A well-known thief and pickpocket, named William Henderson, alias Smart, alias Smith, and a number of other aliases, was taken be- fore the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday, charged with being a public place with intent to commit a felony. He had mixed up with the crowd which assembled on the occasion of the funeral of Mrs. Lang- ridge, and being watched by the police, was seen to attempt to pick the pockets of two women, for which he was taken into custody. The Bench sent him to prison for two years. The dwelling of Mr. Wm. Aspinall, 5 Sydney - terrace, Wellington-parade, was broken into between midnight and 0 o'clock a.m. yesterday. Entrance had been effected by lifting up the front window, which it is supposed had been left unfastened on the previous night. A quantity of silver plate, a kangaroo rug, a number of antimacassars, and other 'property to the value of £60 were abstracted. William Watson, an inmate of the Kew Lunatic Asylum, succeeded in making his escape from custody about 1 o'clock on Mon- day afternoon. AVatson is 55 years of age, and the following description is given of him by the asylum authorities :-5ft. 7in. in height, thin build, grey hair and whiskers, chin shaved, wears a moustache, dressed in asylum clothing, consisting of white straw bat, light grey coat and vest, and moleskin housers. A man named Martin Reed, aged 27 years, residing in Little Lonsdale-street, was ad- mitted to the Melbourne Hospital last even- ing suffering from severe bruises in the abdomen. Reed, who is a labourer, was working at the Hobson's Bay Railway sta tion, and was accidentally jammed between the buffers of two trucks which some men were shunting along the line. This morning, at half-past 12 o'clock, a fire was discovered in Little Charles-street, off Simpson's-road, East Collingwood, in two two-roomed wooden d»vellings, attached, with kitchens in the rear. The house in which the fire broke out »vas unoccupied, and the other house was inhabited by John Flannery. Mrs. Flannery states that about an hour before the discovery of the flames she heard a noise in the next house, and is of opinion that the place had been set on fire by some members of the loafer class, as the house was a resort of theirs. Both houses were destroyed. The property belonged to a Mrs. Huckson, re- siding in the country, not far from town, and the loss was believed to be covered by insurance. Tho Melbourne Fire Brigade, under Mr. Hoad, was the first to reach the scene, and quickly succeeded in putting out the fire. The Collingwood, Richmond, and Carlton brewery fire brigades were also in attendance shortly after the fire broke out. The annual meeting of subscribers to tho Viccmasons' Charitable Institutions »vas held last evening at the Masonic-hall, Lonsdale street enst Brother W. Sincock in the chair. The annual report of tho committee stated that the cottage »»'hich had been completed at the beginning of the year had been occu- pied by Mrs. Vardy, and Brother G. R. Berry had been appointed to the cottage vacated by Mrs. Vardy. The remaining cottage was still occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Campion. The necessary repairs and some improve mentp to the cottages and grounds had been effected, and the property »vas in a good state of preservation. The annual ball in aid of the building fund had resulted in a net profit of £110 14s., while the gains re- sulting from the ball in 1872 had only amounted to £01 19s. Gd. Tho hearty thanks of the subscribers woro duo to tho ball committee. Brother Joseph Aarons had resigned hin position as chair man, and the committee desired to cordially acknowledge the valuable assistance ren- dered by him to the charities since their inauguration. The subscriptions for 1873 had been larger than for the pre vious year, yet, in consequence of the cost of' the maintenance of ,an additional in mate,'and the - improvement and repairs which it had been necessary to "?? j the maintenance fund had been en» "^ absorbed, and was now indebted to t_. building fund to the extent of £611s. It was confidently hoped, however, that the lodges and brethien would contribute more thau sufficient to clear the debt. The balance sheet showed that the Building Fund exhi- bited a credit balance of £83 Is. 8d. The expenses under the head Maiuteuuuce Fund amounted to £137 5s. 4d., while the îeceipts had only been £13114s. 4d. The report and balance - sheet having been adopted, the meeting proceeded to the elec- tion of oûice-bearers for the ensuing year. Brother H. W. Lowry waa elected treasurer, and Brother A. Ellis lion, secretary. The committee appointed were as follows : Brothers W. Elms, E. K. Whitby, J. Cahill, T. Forbes, W. A. Stewart, A. T. Porter, W. Braithwaite, J. Caro, M. Craig,- M. Goldstein, J. James, C. B. Martin, L. Marks, J. O. Hose, n. Vine J. Zevenboom, W. Sincock, J. Barwick, W. Small, A. Blannin, and W. J.' i Lande. The auditors elected were Brothers J. Love, H. G. De Gruchy, and N. J. Casey. Brother Fetherston, M.D., was appointed I as an additional bon. physician. On the motion of Brother Martin, seconded by | Brother Goldstein, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, secretar}', and treasurer for their services during the past >ear. On Monday the members of the Victorian Society of Blues held their thirteenth annual meeting in the Chamber of Commerce room, Melbourne, which was kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. B. Cowderoy for the occasion. Mr. F, Ii, Kendall, president of I the society, was in the chair. A fair number of members of the society were present. The report of the directors for the past year, read by the chairman, instanced several oases in which substantial help had been^given to widows of Blues and loans granted to Blues. The repoit further spoke of the regret felt by the directors for the loss during the post j ear of some warm supporters of the society; congratulated the members gene- rally upon the continued pecuniary pros- perity of the society, and concluded by hoping that the quiet usefulness of the society, as evidenced by caseB íeferred to, would induce Blues and others to join in promoting the means for carrying on the work. The balance-sheet showed an in- crease to the capital of the society of £89 6s. 2d. during the year. The sum of £37 Us. 3d. had been given to appli- cants for assistance, and in loans £52 5s. The total working expenses had amounted to £712s. 4d., the sum of £97 7s. had been received in donations and subscriptions. Loans had been repaid to the extent of £04 5s, Gd. Tho adoption of the report was moved by the chairman, seconded by Mr Edward Bage, and carried. On the motion of Mr. B. Cowderoy, seconded by Mr. Charles Salter, MeBsrs. Kendall and George Foord were re-elected directors, and Messrs. Edward Bage and Itichd. J. H. Martin auditors for the current yean A vote of thanks to the oflice-beareis for the past year, and to Mr. B. Cowderoy for the use of the room, was moved by Mr. Charles Mould, seconded by Mr. R. J. Martin, and carried. The president thanked the meeting for the cordial manner in which [the compli- ment had been paid to himself and fellow- workers, and for having re-elected him a member of tho directory for the cur- rent year, assuring them he would endeavour to give as large a share of inteiest to the working of the society as heretofore ; but he should like the motion to embody, or else a special vote of thanks to be given to the treasurer, to »vhose indofatigablo and judi- cious labours tho prosperity of the cause that they all had at heart was mainly in- debted. . He then moved, and Mr. Bradshaw seconded, the following resolution, which was carried:-"That the cordial thanks of the meeting be specially accorded to Mr. Whitby for his indefatigable services on the society's behalf." Mr. Whitby responded, anda vote of thanks having been passed to the chairman, the meeting terminated. Last night the master saddlers met tho journeymen deputation at Weber's Hotel, for the purpose of discussing the piece price-list. In the absence of the chairman, Mr. Henry Sanders, the meeting did no business, but engaged in a friendly conversation. The masters present-Mcssis, Moon, Eyton, Nicoll, and Winduss-avincodi their dosiro to meet the journeymen in every way possible. The meeting was adjourned unti Friday evening next, at 8 o'clock. At the adjourned meeting, held last night in the King William strpot School, Fitzroy, of gentlemen favourable to the amendment of the Liquor La»v, it was decided to invite the aid of the Christian churches and temperance organisations to secure tho following amendments in the next session of Parliament :-1. The abolition of tho grocers' and publicanB' £10 licence. 2. The transfer to the general Go- vernment of revenue from and control over all liquor licences, tho local bodies to bo re- compensed for loss of revenue. 3. The appointment by Government of travelling liquor revenue inspectors, undor the Central Board of Health, possessing power to de- mand liquors for analysis ; to oxamine and report upon all public-houses to head of de- partment and licenning bench. 4. The re- duction of the number of publicans' licences until they reach a maximum of one to 500 in- habitants, calculated upon the Government census. Tho details of the various piopo sitions were withdrawn, excepting to one of Hie i casons foi refusal of a licence, that the licensee had permitted Sunday trading. Our Heidelberg correspondent throws doubt on the reported case of sticking-up on the Plenty-road on Monday week, in which Mr. Simon Armstrong, of the Kangaroo ground, the supposed victim, had been, it was reported, deprived of his watch by the robber. The facts, our correspondent says, are that Armstrong dropped asleep in his trap, and then fell out. In the fall the watch dropped from his pocket, and was found next morning where the accident took place. The Ballarat Star states that "a meeting of peibonu deslious of leuoguising the talent and abilities of Sit Charles Gavan Dttfly was held tit the BiitiBh Queen Hotel on Monday e»ening. There »vcie about 20 personB pie sent, and Mr. M'Coy occupied the chah. When the meeting commenced it »vas ox plained that by mistake, mid in a moment of huny, the advertisement convening tho meeting only united Irishmen, whereas it was meant to apply to the citizens generally. Others besides Irishmen, ho»vever, attended the meeting, and it was decided to present fiir-C, G. Dully with an illuminated addiess on Thuisday morning, after tho lccturo on tho Wednesday evening." The Sandhurst Circuit Court, our corre- spondent informs us, was opened yesterday before his Honour Mr. Justice Barry and Juries of Twelve. Mr. Walker prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. George Cain and Edward M'Grath pleaded guilty, the former to horse-stealing, and the latter to larceny, and were remanded for sentence. John Loveband was found guilty on the charge of obtaining money by false pretences, and was remanded for sentence. Patrick Rankin was discharged on the charge of assault, with in- tent to commit a rape, as the prosecutrix was too inebriated to give her evidence. She was ordered to be imprisoned for 72 hours for contempt of court. Annie O'Shannessy was charged with robbery from the person, Mr. M'Dermot defended the prisoner. A verdict of not guilty was returned by the jury, and the prisoner was discharged. Thomas Cole- man was found not guilty on the charge of altering a cheque, and was remanded until the following day on a charge of obtaining money by false pretences. Samuel Rixon was found guilty of larceny, and remanded for sentence. Austin M'Devitt, William Daly, and William Gardiner, were tried on the charge of assault. From the evidence it appeared that the whole affair was a drunken "spree" and the jury returned a verdict of not guilty and the prisoners were dis- charged. The Court was then adjourned until the following day. The Kyneton Observer learns that Mr. R. B.Tucker, of Malmsbury, intends to contest the forthcoming election for the Castlemaine electorate. It is also asserted that Mr. Godfrey Berry will contest the election. Between 1,800 and 1,900 children, with teachers and friends, belonging to the Bal- larat District Sunday School Union, arrived by three special trains yesterday at Geelong, and proceeded to the usual rendezvous, the Botanical- gardens, where the children passed a most enjoyable day. The marshals were at the Ballarat Western Station, the Rev. A. W. Grant ; and at the Eastern Station, Mr. Vicery, and these gentlemen were assisted by numerous friends. There are about 6,000 children and 500 teachers connected with this union in Ballarat, and as it was found impossible to give them all a treat at one time it has been decided to make another excursion on Monday next. A sale of Crown lands in fee simple was held at Geelong yesterday, the sale being conducted by Mr. H. B. Lane, in the auction rooms of Mr. J. Davison. Town lots at Wabdallah, east of the Leigh-road Railway Station, comprising two roods each, offered at the upset price of £8 per acre, realised a considerable advance thereon, the amounts ranging from £4 1s. to £6 10s. per lot. The purchasers were Messrs. T. Dann, J. H. Connor, J. H. Jones, and J. Paterson. One lot of 1r. 37p. was purchased by Mr. Jones at £20 for the lot. A country lot of 36 acres in the parish of Warrambine, county of Grant, was sold at the upset price of £3 per acre by Mr. T. Russell. A lot of 3a. 3r. and 5p., in the parish of Bambra, was knocked down to Mr. J. Mosley at the upset price of £2 10s. per acre. Seventy-six acres, held under the 19th section of the Land Act, con- taining improvements valued at £133 17s. 6d., was sold to the holder, J. Bicket, at £l per acre ; and a lot of eight acres held under the same clause, in the parish of Cargerie, was disposed of to Mr. J. Maukey at £1 per acre. For a special lot in the parish of Bellerine there was no offer. Three selec- tions under the 19th section, in the parish of Beremboke, held by Messrs. T. Connor, J. Lawrence, and John Quigley, and one selection in the parish of Wabdallah, held by Michael M'Cagh, were withdrawn. The total sum realised was £308. The annual picnic of the Geelong Fire Brigade was celebrated yesterday by an excursion to Bream Creek. The members and their friends, to the number of about a hundred, proceeded thither in cabs. A large pavilion was erected, and the wea- ther, although unfavourable at first, turned out very fine. All kinds of games were indulged in, including cricket ing, football, quoits, and dancing. The artillery band was in attendance, and en- livened the proceedings, An excellent repast was provided for the occasion. The usual facilities for travelling on the railways not being granted this year, the attendance of up-country firemen was rather limited. The picnic, which passed off most agreeably, was wound up by a ball in the evening. Telegraphic communication has been ex- tended to Winchelsea, and the office at that place is now available to the public. "It is to a certain extent gratifying to learn," observes the Murray and Hume Times, "that the numerous deaths that have recently occurred amongst cattle on the Border are not the result of pleuro-pneu- monia or other infectious disease. Con- sequent on the remarks with reference to pleuro-pneumonia which appeared in our columns, a tour of inspection was made in the district by Mr. Kyle, stock inspector at Beechworth, and Mr. Pennefather, stock in- spector at Wodonga. A large extent of country was travelled over, and a great number of homesteads visited, but the gen- tlemen named only found one decided case of pleuro-pneumonia, a working bullock in the last stage of disease, which was de- stroyed with the consent of its owner. Several cattle, reported to have died from disease, were found on examination to have been killed by a poison plant known as the lobelia, a species of the deadly nightshade, which abounds on the farms in the neigh- bourhood of Wodonga. The plant is de- scribed as being similar in appearance to the wild geranium, and produces a small green berry, which has in one or two instances proved fatal to ohildren." We are indebted to the Ballarat Star for the following anecdote :--" Instances are so numerous in this colony where men on the very verge of ruin unexpectedly become the possessors of vast wealth, that it may hardly be worth while to add another to the number. However, as in this case the gentleman in question is now rolling in riches, and, besides, a well-known Sandhurst speculator, his case may be adduced as descriptive of the old motto, ' Nil desperandum.' Having invested all his money in a mining venture at Sand- hurst, in which of course he had great faith, he found himself without the means of meeting the fortnight's expenditure, which amounted to £210, and the prospects below being no cheerier than before, the men began grumbling, and refused to continue the work unless their pay was forthcoming. The bank was appealed to, but, Rcsecure in its possession of the plant, declined to advance another copper; and was, in fact, preparing to place its paws upon the property. Thus situated, and feeling disconsolate enough after his unsuccessful appeal to the bank, the pre- sent possessor of thousands sat on the brace with some of the men, and ex- plained the position of affairs. A number of the miners had come from below to get their wages, leaving only two underground who wished to finish putting in a blast before coming up. Of course, no money was forth- coming to those on top, and just as they were about to leave off work the sound of the blast below reached their ears, and they waited for their mates coming up. Judge of their astonishment when they appeared with several pieces of quartz studded with gold. The drive was eagerly visited, and a number of willing hands soon had another blast off, which disclosed the reef they had been vainly searching for during long weary weeks pre- viously, and which they had reached at last. All danger of ruin was now at on end, and the bank, meanwhile hearing of the good news, supplied the required cash, and even sent their messenger with it in post haste to the claim, and a friendly intimation that as much as was required could be ob- tained. The gentleman referred to, who profited thus accidentally by that lucky shot, has still a large connexion in the same claim and in others adjoining ; and to show the value of his interest it may be stated that in dividends alone he has netted, since Novom- ber last, no less a sum than about £144,000, or about £35,000 per month." The Otago Times of February 17 writes : \--" It has become pretty generally known for the last few days that Sullivan, one of the Maungatapu murderers, had received a free pardon from the Government, and had been allowed to leave the province by the s.s. Mikado, bound to San Francisco via Auckland. Although Sullivan's departure from New Zealand was a matter for con- gratulation, there was a strong feeling that such a ruffian as he has been proved to be was too dangerous a character to be set at large anywhere, and that our Ameri- can cousins would scarcely thank us for sending them this description of assisted emigrant. It was also thought that per- hhaps the Californian authorities might not like to be out-done in generosity, and might feel disposed to assist a few of their choicest blackguards to our shores in return. Several telegrams containing the information that Sullivan was on board the Mikado were sent to Auckland yesterday and the day before, and yesterday morning a number of gentlemen subscribed and de- spatched a telegram to be sent right through from Melbourne to the American Govern- ment. The communication with Auckland, however, had the desired effect, for yesterday we learned that, in consequence of protests by the American Consul, and the objections of the passengers by the Mikado, Captain Moore refused to take Sullivan any farther, and turned him off the vessel at Auckland. There is great indignation at Auckland in consequence of Sullivan's liberation ; and, from his past history, it will readily be ad- mitted that he is anything but a desirable addition to any community." [The latest news about Sullivan is that he had left Auck- land and gone south in the Phoebe.] With reference to the delay in the transmission of the San Francisco mail by the Macgregor, the Sydney Morning Herald observes :--" The Macgregor is not so fast as was supposed, and took 30 days to reach San Francisco. There must have been some delay in the transmission of the mails across the Pacific Railway or the At- lantic, as we find that 18 days is the time allowed in the time-table, whereas 22 days was consumed. This first trip, however, is no test, as it was carried out in the face of great difficulties, and in a manner too hur- ried to ensure even approximate success. If the mail by the Tintar is delivered in Lon- don within the contract time--of which there is every promise--then the line may be con- sidered as successfully established in point of speed; and this result will have been achieved much earlier than could reasonably have been anticipated." "The notorious Jock Graham, finding himself without honour in his own country," observes the OtagoTimes, "is endeavouring to fulfil his mission, whatever that may be, in another land. Melbourne has been selected by him as the scene of his visitation, and The Argus records one occasion on which a benighted few met to hear him expose spiritism." After referring to Mr. Graham's announcement that he meant to make short work with the voluble spouters who had pre- ceded him on some of the public platforms in this city, our Dunedin contemporary dis- poses of Mr. Graham's pretensions in the following caustic style :-- Without recount- ing Mr. Graham's many deeds, those who know anything about him will agree with us in saying that the most he ever did for New Zealand was when he left her shores." Mr, J, Furlong's concert last night at Hockin's Assembly-rooms was very well at- tended by the numerous friends of that gentleman. The instrumental numbers on the programme were played' by Miss Heater Smith and by Mr. Furlong, and consisted of a i"ChantdesNaiades"from Lurline, byABoher, anda \iolin solo, "La jolie Coquotte." Miss Smith in her tieatmcnt of Ascher's composi- tion, and os the accompanyist throughout the evening, displayed good tasto and fair execu- tion as a pianist. The vocalists »vere Miss Burke, Miss Kennedy, Miss L.' Ryan, Mrs. Ellis, Mr. H. B. Ryan, Mr. Allon, Mi. T. Bull, and Mr. J. Furlong. The choral work was performed by the choir of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, North Melbourne. ,There was a good attendanoo at tho Opora. house laBl night, and tho performance of ",The Waterman" and "Nemesis" pleased tho audienco highly. To- morrow night the benefit of Mr. John Dunn takes place. This gentleman's appearance in "Nemesis" has won the boarty applauso of the audienco each night that it has been played at Mel. bourne ; and for nearly 40 yoors, wherever English is Bpoken, he has deservedly re- tained a prominent position as a comedian of the broad and most mirth-provoking type. Few men of his day are now loft, and none but he in thiB country, who havo the same claims upon the theatre-going public. It is most likely that his benefit will be a very substantial one. The Rev. Richard Rogers, of Williams- town, the G.W.C. of Good Templars, will de- liver a free temperance lecturo, at half-past 7 this evening, in the Gospel-hall, Bourke» street cast Messrs. Mayall and Sons, of tho Eastern Arcado, havo sent us somo well- executed photographs of the late and present Premiéis of Great Britain, Mr. Gladstone and Mr, Disraeli. The usual general meeting of the Australian Natives' Association will be held this even- ing, at 8 o'clock, and as it is the first meeting of the Melbourne and North Melbourne branches since their amalgamation, tho old officers will resign, and nominations will bo received to fill the vacancies. We are íequested to diavv attontion to the annual exhibition of diawings of tho Fitzroy Aitisans* School of Design, to be held in the Court-house, Napier- street, on Thursday evening, at half-past 7. The mayor of Fitzroy, as president of the school, will pre- side, and the Hon. W. M. K. Vale and others will addiess tho meeting. Mr. Smith, con. ductor of tho local Philharmonie Society, aided by a few musical friends, will give selections of music during tho ovening. 