LAUNCESTON. Monday, ' Williams, tho Inst of tho Nowport Chartists residing horc, is dead. Mails.— Tho Olorniont mails, which should have arrived on Saturday, .woro dolivorod hero Inst evouiug, WniiBE and On I WitEiui — A gontloman — a mombor of tlio Assombly — nn aspiring lawyer and an ninhitioiis statesman, a gontloman who is ovidontly dosirous of playing a part suoli as wus played by " Tho lonrned friend," as lio was culled by '"Tom Pcacook" — that kaleidoscopic gonins, Lord Brougham — tlio " eoiiio, for to go, for to fotoli, for to earry," lioro of Pimuh — askod , tlio Houso / tho other night in tho most iimocont manner possible — - " Whero is tho North ? " J list us if ho did. not .lcnow lis well ns any otlior man in tho Houso nt oxnotly what parallel of latitude tho Bris bano Goverumont loavo off ruling justly and distributing tlio publio monoy equitably. Had tlio rule boen dooontly lionost, and ovon- hnnded, had tho royouuo liotn distributed with n show of fairness, had ' wo been treated as oo-oiiorntivos, nnd not as subordinates, tho present invidious distinction North nnd gouth ' would not oxiet. Wo havo nn authority from Shakespeare to " asstuao u vii-tuo if wo havo it not, , but, liownoro lira wo told, so lar ns wo know, to nffcot ignorauco of a fuot with wliioli wo. are porfcotly well ncquaiutcd, particularly whon that nffootatioii is employed for tlio pur poso of aoiivoying a snocr, or nn insulting suronsin. Wo pity a man who is ignorant., but wo hold in contompt him who, to accom plish an unjust ond, asks with an air of sincerity for information upon a subject in whioli ho is thoroughly well vorscd. It is, as wo liavo observed more than onco lately, quite tlio fashion for Ministerial supporters to sneor nt tlio North ; jn-ojudiccs and passions carry thom to a- l-idioulous, if not to a criminal, length. Truo, they consider themselves as bound to. logislnto fairly only for what thoy call tig: South, hut a little deccnoy and kindness of expression might he cxpoctod from tliom, oven .when noting tyrannionlly. Tlicy might ns well flatter us by kissing us while tlioy slab us, nnd acknowledge we nro liberal follows whon wo hand tliom our monoy bngs. Wo linvo hardly yet learned how long wo ought to'submit. anil at. what moment it will be troncliory not to resist. Tlio prosont Govc'rn- 'lueut nro undoing fast all tho good that Mr. Palmer accomplished— tho lion, gcntlomnn tried lus bost to smootlio ovor all diiueuiiios and to sweep away tho lino which oxistcd between North nud Sonth j had lie remained in powor ho would. havo noooraplishod his wise nnd lnrgo-hcnrtod purpose. Onr present rulors, aO nro afraid, tiro endenvouring to bring about sucli ohnngos, that in tlio end no change will mond. Mr. Pnlmor saw that it wus not tho (lisoaso, but' the physician which produced calamitous results ; liis successors, nil olovor 111011 no doubt, bclicvo thnt it is tho disease, and tlioy are applying blisters, and at tho same timo blood with tlio portinnoity and zeal of a Snngro.'lo, without giving tlio patient any .nourishment. Wc shall see some day who 's right and who is wrong. In tlio mean timo wo suggest to tlioso lion, gentlemen, who, liko my lady's page, aro ovormoro talking, merely . for tnlking's sako, or for tlio purposo of shewing their powers of dloquoncc, nnd giving vont to their ill-natured. sarcasms — toimitato so fnr ns their vanity aud sclf-iutorost will porinit thorn, ilio exnmplo of Churchill's " Ghosts," Sflcnt'nll tlirco went in ; about All tliroo lurmid, silunl, ami wimt.ouL." ' Nine Mile WATEitiioiK. — Wo liavo on inoro than ono oconsiou called attention to tlio stato of tho road ut and in tlio vicinity of tho Nino Milo Wntorholo. It is in a disgraceful stato, porfeotly impassiiblo nfter oven, liiodornlo rains, anil dangerous nt nil times. Improvements have been attempted nt tho plnco wo point out, hut linvo turned out failures bcoauso thoro wa« not sufficient money laid out. It is worse than useless to putoh aaro places, thoy must ho at tended to until tlioy are thoroughly cured. There is any quantity of stono in tlio neigh" bourliood of tho Nino Milo Watoriiole, ami \- gravel in ahnndnnco within an easy distance, and it wns throwing monoy away to place n fow slabs down nud cover tliom ovor ten iaolies deep with tlio Mnok soil, which becomes mud after asliowor, nud is washed off by tlio first heavy rainfall. Hero is an instanco whovo it would he ndvisnblo for tlio settlers to ho allowed to contract for keoping tho roads in order; they would do it at a moderate price, and would, for tlioir own sake, tnko caro that tho highways to tho mnrkot from thoir various farms woro always in repair. Sovoral of tlio settlors havo called upon us laloly about tho roads referred to, and wo recommended thom to npply to tho Enginocr of Roads ; thoy replied tlioy had already dono so, nud that i promise was givon to thom tlmt their wants should ho attendod to, hut nothing has boon dono. Wo nro, therefore, under tho Impression that the monoy at the disposal of tho Engincor for this district is oxhaustcd, for, wo can affirm without foar of contradiction, that in every ii>. staneo whore nn application lias bpon mado l>v settlors and others, it lins boon directly attendod to, niul if suoli application was found, upon in spection, to ho just and rcnsonablo, no timo wns lost in remedying tlio ovil complained of. Plain Si-hath no. — Mr. Carlylo, says the Miner, has written an eminently olinrnoteristio lotter to Sir Josopli Whitwort.h on tho modern industrial tono. One Bontonco in this lotter is so poouliariy Carlylo that wo flunk it worth quoting, not only on account of its slashing, trenchant language, but bccnuso it contains a good wholcsomo truth. " What a contrast botweou now nnd, say, only ono hundred years ago. At the latter date, or, still more con spicuously, for ngos boforo it, all England awoko to its work with nn invocation to tho Eternal Maker to blocs thom in thoir day's Inborn- and holyi tliom to do it well. Now all England— shqpkoopors, workinon, all mannor of oompoting labourers, — awaken ns if it were with an unspoken but hoartfolt prayor to Boolzohub, ' Oil holp us, ' thou great lord of shoddy, adulteration, and malfaisuuco, to do our Work with the maximum of slinmess, swiftness, profit, and mondnoity, for tho Dovil's sako. Anion.' " Wo commend tho latter part, of this to tlio consideration of somo of our law makers; lot them read, mark, and imrnrdly digest it Tlioy aro, lot them remomhor, hut workinon, nud though wo will not tax tliqm with offorimg up prayers to Boolzohub, wo aro omcwhat inclined to think tlioy do not lift them heartily tho othor way, boforo thoy commonoe tlioirlabours — tlio gravest, tlio most onerous, and- tho most honourable men can perform. Police Court. — Yesterday, tho only ons0 brought boforo the Police Magistrate was an ndjournod summons caso— W. II. Holt v. Jamos Bakor and Alcxnuder M'Artliur, for absconding from hired Borvioo. Tho informa tion set forth tlint tho defendants, doscribod as Stndloigh aiid Glouprairio busliraon, did, on or about tho ,10th day of April, absooud, Ac- Mr. R. R. Jones appeared for complainant, nud Mr. Milford dofended. Tlio ovidouco, which had bco-j partly hoard before, contained no points of general intorest. Dofondiuits wore conviotod, and ordered to pay 40s-, with £1 5s. Gd costs. Bin no out youh"Dead P — Tlio alitor of tho Maryborough Chronicle, who spends vory inuoli of liis timo in trying to ho witty at tlio oxponso of Rockhampton, which Roulchnmpton accepts as good-tcinporcdly ns did the grim old mastiff tho stinrlings of tlio ill-favoured ours, somotimcH in his mixioty to write up his town and to write down ours, makes himself thoroughly ridiculous and as a conscqucnco is Inuglicd (it and not nnth, Iiy tlioso who road his outpourings. In a lute issuo of tlio Chronicle, wo find Hint Mr. Rnnsley, a resident of somo foiirtoon yenra standing in Rookhniriptou, lins removal to Maryborough, attracted by tlio superior fiohl offered by our town. Ho lias commouood .business in Wharf-street ns an undertaker." Isn't this dolioioiiH P Maryborough is superior to Rocklminptoii us a field for nil undertaker. Wo are doliglited£to hear it — peoplo. die so rnroly in Rooklinmpton that Mr. Ransloy could not fcntlior liis uost by displaying ins tuucral feathers, so ho is going to tiy Maryborough) ami no is assured Dy tlio alitor of tlio Chronicle tlint'ho lins selected a flold suporior to his old ono. What iijdosirahlo plnco Mary borough must ho tolivo in, Had wo a mnidon aunt from whom wo had expectations, and who was afflicted with that annoying dlBouso, a strong confll.itutiou, and wouldn't dio to plonso . us, wo should certainly tiy nnd iuduco her to scttlo at Maryborough, in tho Btrong hopo thnt Mr. Ransloy might liavo tho pleasure of using his feathers, and wo have tho opportunity of writing over her lamented romuina hie jacit, &c.;, " A superior field for an undertaker." A iiold sown tliiok with graves, and picturcsquoly dotted with tombstones, just tlio plnco for '' Old Mortality " to oliow tho euil of sweet tind hitter -fiutoy in. How doliciously mclanoholy must ho tlio sound of tlio tolling holi, and how replotowitli food that would fatten a " Burton,'' tho ovor repeated cry of " Bring out your dond.'1 Tlio pronahiug of tho plugiio by Solomon Englo loss exliiliratiug, Whon wo road of the suocoss likely to attoud Mr. llnnsley in his now field, wo congratulated oitrsclvei, that wo were not growing sugar on thclia'nks of tho ferti lising Mary, or writing pars in tlio little room in Kent-street. "Wc congratulate ourselves — nu Quiiiuiiuiubu mm j uuiuugu, uuu wu cuu gratulato Mr. Ransloy. Official Inquiry. — A magisterial inquiry touching ilio death of a mail Jiuuuod Jamos Tuylor, who was killed liy tho fall of a tree at Dovitt's Oninp, Springsnro road, near Gainsfordi wns held by Mr. lloblor on tho 7tli instant Several witnossos woro oxaininod ; and it ap peared, from the ovidenoe, that tho death was purely accidental, though tho deceased waB vory much to blamo. Tliomns Hannam, whose statements worocorroboriitod, deposed: "Hnghos nnd myself woro falling ono troo, and Taylor wns falling another about twenty yards from us. Some minutes hoforo onr troo fell, botli Ilughoa anil myself onlloil to Taylor to look out as the troo was coming. Ho said tlioro was no foar of it coming his way. Wo called to him two or threo times. Asrour troo foil I looked up and saw Tay lor among the.hranehos ; ho had rup undor it, boiug a fow yards from wlioro lio was wojdring ; had ho romainod wlioro ho was outtingrais" trco ho would linvo boon safe, llughos nnd mysolf wont out to him at onco ; lio was quite (loud — tho hack of tlio licud was smashed nnd the neck out of its place." Moek I'ure-hked Stock. — "Wo aro glad to olisorvo that tho importation of pure bred stock into this colony continues nt astendy rate. Yertcr.lny, somo magnificent pnrc-bred stockj consisting of 3 hulls and G lieifers, woro landed from .tlio Balclutlia. Thoy. were purchased at tlio Sydnoy Exhibition, nnd aro intended by tho ownor.Mr. D. D. Sullivan, for his station at Peak Vnio, near Copporfiold. Two of tlio animals took prizoa, and two otlicro woro honorably mentioned. Tlioy woro landod in good condition, and will proro a valuable acquisition to tho stock of tlio enterprising owner, hesidos proving an incontivo to cattlo breeders throughout tho colony, Tub Clhiuiont Gold Ebcobt. — Tho state ment quoted in a previous issue from tho P. V. Telegram with reforoneo to tho amount of gold brought down by tlio escort was slightly incorrect. Sub-Inspoctor Isley, who met the Clermont gold escort at the Mackenzie, brought down tho following amounts: — 1281 oz. 15 dwts of gold for tho Joint Stook Bnnk; aud 18-1 oz. 7 dwts 3 gr. l'or tho Bnilk of New South Wales. -Ho nlho brought £25G in notes. Mi:. Fokak. — Rookhamplon has lost an old innaoitnut, ami uio Municipal uuuioruies nn effioiont officer, in Mr. Joseph Fornn, who died on Saturday last, at his rcsidonce, in Kcnt- stroot, after a long and painful illnoss. A fow weeks ngo Mr. Fornn was one of tho healthiest looking men in Bockliampton, ho enrriod his ago, 52, wonderfully well, nud his lifo ap peared to be wortli nt loass 20 yoars purchase. While in tlio dischnrgs of liis duties ns Rate Oollcotor, ho caught cold and rhoumntic fever | followed. Ho lingered ou day after day, with out any hopes boing entertained of liis- re covery ; his constitution appoavod as it were to fight a determined battlo against the disease, but it gradually gave way until it suceumbod altogether. Mr. Forau wns elected" some 13 years ngo with mnuy othor ilrst-clnss constables from tiie Irish Constabulary, by tho Now South Wnlcs Governmont for the purposo of organising tlio l'olieo Force in that colony. Ho wns appointed to Rockhnuipton ns Chief Constable nnd Inspector, hut wns, nftor a timo, sont to the south ; but in tlio year 1866 ho was discharged witli many others, by tho thon Govornmont, who wore ondonvouring by acting scurvily ami shabbily to tiieir employes, to impress upon tho poople how arduntly thoy desired to ooonomiso. Mr. Fornn returned to Rockhampton and wns unauimously against sevoral competitors Jolected Rate Collector in 18G7, and kept his position and performing its dnlies to tho satisfaction of his employer, niul to tho ratepayers, up to tho hour of his hoing tnkou ill. Ho has left a widow 'and largo family, but his children nro most of iliom making their own way in tlio world, nis funeral wns largoly attended.' Breach of the Biiand3 Aot. — A enso which should ho n warning to drovors and othors, onmo boforo Messrs. F. N. Beddck, J. 'Mncfarlauo', and W. Thomson, J.'sP. on Satur day last. William Bowman was brought up on n warrant chnrging him ns follows : " That on tlio 9th instant, defemlnnt, Into of Mnrinkln, proprietor ofaoertain mob of horsos, had in his possession, at Rockhampton, a grey mnro not fully and accurately described in the way bill." Air. Milford appeared for tho prosecu tion; nnd ilofcndnut ploadocl guilty, stating thnt ho thought tlio mare had been described in tho way bill, nud that it bolougod oitlior to him or liis brothor. Tho act allows a maximum pounlty of £50 for such an omission ; hut tlio Boiicli, nfter weighing nil tho oirouuistanocs of the oase, imposed a mitigated fiuo of £1, with £1 5s. Gd. costs. 111 1 HEATnioAL.— We understand that Miss '= Jooy Oougonhoiin will nrrivo with her Star : Itfff Troupe, cillior on Friday or Saturday noxt. Sho has boon playing " Pauline " in tho Lndy K'.z.-a of Lyons all lior way up, and lins received an £;>' unanimous ovation. We don't know who takes the eapital, but by no moans easy, part ,;r of tho old Colonel, but if his representative '. '','! bo not Al, wo should suggest to lior, ' that slio ! Hocuro tho services of our old friond Dim Brlggs— who has mora tlinit onco, in our rcco- lection," brought tho houso doj"i by ! ;:n manner in which ho sustained . 3 " fiery old solilior," who lovod n mirti nil n. bettor after ho had fought with liiin. ft 'is n Vj- - ' ' pity Hint Dan nud his clover wifo do not jpH ooensionnlly oblige us ; they would if they » 1 caught' tho right timo, ho sure to fill a homo &>?, to tho ooiling, for tako thom all in nil, an havo ncYor had thoir equals in llooklminp- ton. Si axon Veiitelli. — Wo lonrn by n tclo- :> , -- gram received from our correspondent nt , Oladstouo, -that Signor Vcrtolli has been astonishing tho natives, by his' clover perfor mances. Ho has, wo learn, . walked ou a - ropo from tho Victoria to tlio Commercial whnrf, nnd for nhout a third pnrt of Uio dt. tancc with a lad ou his back. On Snturdnj/' afternoon, lio wns drawn down Auckland Inlot in n tub, by, six gocso. Ho leavu " for Bock- linmpton to-day, but whothcr in tho tub, or ' whothcr on tlio back of ono of the gcosc, wo are not informed. ' <> The Alhamkra Musra I-Iall.— This popular plnco of nmusoment, jndging from tiio crowds that nightly attend it, scoius to ho gaiumg / v fast in publio estimation sinoo Mr. Wilton took (i -v the management. As nn no tor. nnd singei lie lins long bcon nn ostnblisliod favorite, nnd is ably seconded by Mrs. Wilton, who is no mean cxponout of tho serio-comic nnd sentimental' stylo, bosidOB being nn actress of vory corisidci- ablo pretensions. Mr. Wilton has .succeeded in getting n oapital company togotlier, cnch ' member of -whioli is admirable in his way. Messrs. Stevens and Lowis, iu their sensn- ; iiiuuui jjuriuiiiiuiiuua a m jjoyni unci iuusiur Hcrbort. tho India-rubber boy, who executes - impossible fonts. Thcro is somo capital heavy singiug by Mr. Lnbinn, and somo splendid solos and accompaniments by Messrs. Hunter nuil Perkins! The performaueos, upon tho ' - whole, are extremely orcditablo, nnd doscrvo ' tho pntronngo tiiov reoeive. . The " Western." — Wo notico that this fast and powerful stonmor, Captain Bristowe, agents Mossrs. 11. M. Hunter and Co., wilt nail for Sydnoy direct ou or about Thursday next, ' tiie 1-ltli iustnut ; sho is now on licr way to Bookliamptou aud Brisbane, anil is expected to nrrivo Borne timo to-day. This is tho first trip of tho lVe.ttern, nnd wo liopo Unit suoli cncouragomont will be given to licr ownors that tlioy will be induood to trade with her direct botween Bockliampton nnd Sydnoy. Wc havo long believed that the surest way to bring tho Brisbano folk to their senses and to securo ns somcthiug liko justico would bo to open up ; , direct communication with Sydnoyy WlaJSl- boutno. Oar merchants and prodmSSps .iro ("-- fortunately far moro unfottorod than thoy used to ho, and wo nro under tiie impression that tho feeling is growing strongor ovory day, that stops must be token to render us moro - indopondont of our seat of Govornmout — aul that tlioso steps would bu to endeavour to obtain our supplios from tho souther markets. Nothing liko giving a Bowland for nn Oliver ; " : . , if Brisbnne stoadily rofuso to holp us, wo, ou our part, are porfoclly justified iu laying out our raouoy not only to tlio best advantage, hut in such n mannor as would havo a very tolling effect n'peu tho tills of our southern uu- frionds. Tub Bbidoe Question. — During tho debato upon tlio Bridge Quostion Mr. P. F. Mac- donald said, ".-That ho saw no reason why tlio . Minister foreWorks should attempt to turn tlio s- , motion into ridicule, simply bocauso ho had re failed to malco hiinsolf acquainted witli tlio r- grounds upon whioli tho potitionors for this bridgo based tlioir claims. He (tho Minister for .-.v.- Works) was not in a position to roalizo tlio vory. j groat disadvantages .which two populous (lis- , tricts (dopondeutnpon oaoh other) suffered owing iv to tho want of this bridgo, which was positively |. uooossary to nnnox Rookliampton with tlio iui- ?!' portnut district from whioli it receives its prill- S;' oipal supplios of animal food, and which, on tlio ( other hand, is so ranch depondont upon Bock- e r linmpton for all tlioso uooossarios Hint cannot bo produced in tho oolouy. Rookliiiinptoa ; - Proper ..is situated on the Bouth bank of tho V. Fitzroy and lias a population of 7000. North" til - Bockliampton about 1000. All tho wharves, |" publio bnildings, post and, telegraph offices, uro ifiS! upon tho south side. And in times of floods, ri the inhabitants of botb tbeso two important , feyi districts nro to all intonts and purposes ns r, completely separated from each othor as if thoy were a hundred miles apart. 'Tiie Minister for Works may laugh but perhaps lio had novel- J soon a flood m Northern Queensland ; it not, ho cortainly cannot form an opinion from- having seen what pooplo ehooso to call a flood io jk .Brisbane. Undor tlio conditions and oirouin- stances Bot forth in tho petition and moro fully ij. doult with by the lion, mombor for Rookhamp- | ton, ho (Mr. Mncdonuld) (coutouded that good £ and suffioiont reasons had boon given why lliis £ bridgo should ho built without unnecessary jk delay. Ho 'sonrooly thought it uooossary to i troublo tlio Houso with further reasons. It is g well ku'own thnt ou tho south side of tho Fitzroy i| tlioliind, with tho oxooption of a limited area, fc is flat nnd swampy for many milos around tlio £ town, whilo on tho north side it risos gradually j|! to an olovutiou of about 1500 foot, thorcby nfl'oi-ding a clinngo of olimatc, and inducing a i) rainfall whioli, combined with soil of tlio bos t K dcsoriptioii, rondered that district eminently p fitted for agricultural purposes, and for ovory | kind of industry. Tlioro could bo no doubt | whatever but that this bridgo must ho concodod p sooneror later, and ns tlio pooplo had shown that j jj they were able and willing to pay interest on tho | cost of its construction provided it dfiVuot ex- | coed £40,000, ho trnstod lion. \\)| seriously cousidoi- whotiior it was not hotter . mako tho concossion nt onco, before tho lands ' | woro alienated ; oven tho promise of this bridgo jj would advanco tlio valuo of land ( TOO per cout. j and oonsoquontly tho rovonuo would dorivo au I immediato bonclit. Anothor matter for tho : consideration of tlio ho'n. Miuistor for Works | was, that if tho IIouso dooliuod to' suuotion this . : boon, tlio peoplo on tho north sido would soon demand tho orootion of thoir' publio bnildings, j which, in tlio nbsonoo of tho bridge, could not nnoh longor lio diaponscd with. After somo furtlior remarks, in reply to what tlio Miuistor for AVorks had said nbout'Nqrth Rooklinmpton hoing a misoi-ahlo villngo with 200 or 300 pooplo, Mr. Muodonald recommended tho with drawal of tho motion. Analytical Chemist— Soric timo sinoo wo wrote mid published two long hrtiolos upon " Adulteration," ns wo folt tlio subject wns of tlio grcntost importauco, and ono wliioli re quired tlio immediate attcntion of tlio Govern ment. Tlio stringont laws of Grent Britain and othor oountrios whence wo obtain so niuoli food, of a character, subject to adulteration, wo woro undor tlio apprehension, would onuso immense quantities of tlio lialf poisonous stuff' 011 litind to ho shipped off post liusto to tho colonics, nnd wo therefore suggested tlint . .ivp of food should bo allowed to bo JJUnrJPtetil it had beou tested. Wp aro pleased to find tliftt tho Government, liavo taken up (lie matter, and it is now probable that tho analytical ohomist appointed somo time since, will ho. cnlled upon to fulfil his duties ; duties which havo liithorto boon honored not iu their ohsorvnnoo but in their breach. AVo understand "that Mr. Stoiger, tho Government analytical chciuist, uot being em ployed in carrying out that for wliioli ho was appointed anil pnid, wns.iu ordor that lie-might havo something to do, also oleotqd to tho ofllco of Curator to tho Brisbano Musouin. Wliothcr he is competent, or not for snoli a tnsk wo are uot aware, although wo hnvo had sovo'rnl in timations tlint ho is but a tryo, and that it would puzzle him to tell us tho difference 'hotivoout.ho " Scorpionidcs trail , tho tanintuloo" or to classify tlio plants belonging to tho " Cryplogamin." Now that Mr. Stoigor will havo to look after our food, and to sco that our stomachs nro not made tlio rcpoptnclps for garb- ago suoli us pigs would rofuso, if thoy know what they woro eating, wo prcsumo lio will not havo tiuic to attend to tho museum, therefore it will liecotno necessary to elect a gentleman who is quite up to tlio mark, and who by Ills enthus iasm in tho canso, (for unless I10 is ontliusiatic, ho would not ho worth tlio wings of a mus- qucto) I10 would quickly place our museum . on a lovel with tlioso, of tho sister colonics. Favoritism and Imckstnins influenoo should havo nothing to do with suoli nil appointment. Let it ho given to tho host man — that is, to the man, who can show by testimonials, and provo by liis long and closo study, that ho 01m practically (for theory only would bo utterly valuoless) perform ovory duty of tho oftiuo. We hoard tlio otlior day a vory capital in stance in tlio innnnor iu which somo parts of- tlic great educational soliomo, woro carried into operation. Not very long sinoo Mr. Stciger, Government nnnlytioal chemist, was waited 1 upon hv n number of young mon, who were desirous of, at any rate, being tnkon beyond the door-stop of chemistry, and nsked to insti tute an " Elementary class." What was their discomfiture aud disgust "to leuru from Mr. Stciger that ho lmd not tho necossnry apparatus which would allow him to do so'! IVlto wns to hlnuio, tho Government or Mr. Stoigor ? What a pity it is our Ministers do uot ratlior try to carry on tho business as thoy find it, in a reputable manner, without wasting thoir timo in trying to reform it. It is only one reform out of ton thousand that turns up trumps, nnd wo question very much whether our prcsont rulors aro suffioiont con jurors to do moro tlinu to assist in proving tlio eorrco(ucss of our nssortion - CVXative Woods. — On Saturday, Mr. J. CiVinmings, librarian at tlio School of Arts, received through Sir. A. Craig a yalunbio con tribution towards a collection of the indigen ous woods of tlio distriot. . Tbo donor — Mr. P' O'Sljanesy, of Ton Mile Creek, — lms ior- v ai ded twelve spocims of nativo woods, ,to bo found chiefly in tbo llockhnmpton and Grace- were scrubs ; and in nn accompanying lottor, wliioli contaius a botanical description of tho different spccios represented, ho says: "I would gladly have sent you moro, but tho white ants destroyed them. There could bo upwards of 100 soporate, named woods found iu this neighbourhood, and thoy could bo collected at a trifling cost'. It is n groat pity that collections of all tho valuable woods nro not. preserved in our public Museums, for I may safely predict that fifty yonrs lionco .several of tho scrub trees will have disappeared altogether. Moreover, if our woods could be seen to advantage by our artiznus; I believe n considerable trnilo would nriso from tbom, ns several of thorn 'nro susceptible of very high polish, while many otliors nro suitnblo for tho tnrnor nnd so forth." Mr. Craig, in a note,, stales that tho contribution consists of " somo duplicates of the specimens which Mr. O'Shn. ncsy forwarded to the liomo exhibition Inst your." They arc tho first representatives of the lintivc woods of the district thnthavo found their way to our local musomn ; aud boing in a rough stnio, and not, perhaps, tho best , spociincns Hint could ho obtained, their attractions for tlio cnsunl observer will ho but si i glit, Nevertheless thoy form a good nucleus for further contribution, and, if polished, would show tho clinrncter of the wood to greater udvantngo. Our readers would not thnnk us for a list ' of botauionl names ; aud wo would only stale that tlio present collodion includes specimens of tulip wood, "liiy-pily," s.mdol wood, Moreton Bay fig, iron-bark, and blood wood. Oqp of tho trees grows to 55 or 60 foot in height ; it is found chiefly in most scrubs, and tho wood is valu able for cabinet purposes. Another — eucalyptus — is a bonutifnl flowering tree, nnd produces a pleasant ncrid fruit of nearly nn inch in length. Tho specimens were on view in the library on Saturday, but will shortly bo returned to tlio museum. "WuAiiFixam. — We see, by au advortisoraont in onr to-day's' issuo, that Captain Bundle has resigned his vory lncrntivo post ns Wharfinger, and tlmt Mr. William Davis, Town Clork, lms boon appointed to fill his placo until furtlior notice. Wc hope the Corporation and tho town will bo' benefited by the cbnnge. 