LITERATURE. HEALTH AND EDUCATION.* The title which Canon Kingaley has pre. Seed tobis latest publication only indicates in a very general way the prevalent themes which pervade these miscellaneous lectures on many different subjects. The subjects are of widely varied nature, from " The Science of Health" to "Superstition," and from "Heroism" to "Grots and Groves," in which Mr. KingsJey finds the original types of Gothic ecclesiastical architecture. But with all this diversity, the teaching which these papers are meant to enforce is pretty much the same in them alL In all of them ws come back upon the reiterated necessity of a practical science of health familiar to all, realised by all in their daily lives as a counter agent to the many debilitating and ener vating influences of our modern civilised life, and of a manly vigorous method of education, that might harmoniously develops body and mind in accordance with that highest type of humanity which, regarded merely as a type, has been the same in all ages and amongst all peoples. It might be readily supposed that the dealing with such subjects as these would enable the writer to exhibit in its most distinct form that robust athleticism of which ^ he has always been the obtest English exponent, and which ban made, him the most prominent exemplar of that phase of thought that has sprung out of the conditions of modern life under the guise of "muscular Christianity." This rather outbroken belief has probably always tiaid more than it really meant. It, perhaps, did not lay so much actual stress as it ap peared to on the moral demand, the " cate gorical imperative," requiring every true man, on peril of his physical and, perhaps, spiritual welfare, to be six feet high, to be aMe to'leap five-barred gates, to walk fifty miles a day, or to hold his own in a wrestling contest against all comers. Much that it said was, perhaps, a mere and somewhat impetuous protest against what it believed to be the degeneracy and growing effeminacy of modem times. At any rate, it is only a consequence of the conditions of human life that such a creed should become somewhat tempered and softened by advancing years. Canon Kirigdey, in 1B74, is not, in all re spects, the rev. rector of Everaley, who gave tie Alton Lode and Westward Ho! w Dwt time fa pasL And all ite aching joys axe now no more, And all it* dizzy rapture*." But bis unimpaired strong healthy feeling for the natural physical dement in the life of men and^ women, which no culture can weaken without weakening the «fa»"ina of the race, the anthor is entitled, with Words worth, to claim to be still— _ _ , * Well pteoaed to recognise to Hefcure, end the Ungnege oJ the seme, . The anchor of my purett thought*. the none. mybewt.mMltoul In his lecture on "The Science of Health," Mr. Kingsley aakB the question whether the British race is improving or degenerating, and if it seem probably degenerating, how «« the causes of the evil be, if not destroyed, at least arrested. He considers that it is not without reason that EngK«b.w»n talk of their hardy forefathers, who, in 1515, were able to say of themselves, "What comyn folk of all the world may compare with the comyns of England, in riches, freedom, liberty, welfare, and all prosperity? What comyn folk is so mighty «w<l go strong in the fielde as the comyns of England T' Some facts that have attracted general ntt^n. tion even since the publication of this volume —the lowering standard of recruits for the British army, and the increased difficulty of finding recruits even np to this reduced standard—prove beyond all question that the well-grounded boast of old times would be bnt an empty boast now; But those "good eomen, whose limbs were made in Eng land," of old days increased in numbers, as Mr. Kingsley points out, slowly, if at all for centuries. "Those terrible laws of natural selection, which issue in the 'sur vival of the fittest'" weeded out the less fit In every generation, by infantile disease and by wholesale famine and pestilence; and " left, on the whole, only those of the strongest constitutions to perpetuate a hardy, valiant; and enterprising rare." But as the course of modern changes has tended to arrest these causes which main tained |be breed by destroying the weaker ■offspring, eg the present generation springs from an earlier one wbicb had its best and strongest withdrawn: from it by the great Erench war, and orMbfts the inevitahle effect of this loss, as the tester conditions of life render it more easy forihe weak andthe sickly to survive and to «re*upteu&hecomepamite;, the problem is downward*, which Mr.Kiogsley believes to hewurely visible, "notraerelyin these Wands, syery civilised country in the world, in toitsdvjliBatiob." _ givesWs answet to this imper. teat question, end, indeed, the whole volume teetly end indirectly on the same f The remedy is; to be sought AiOOttplete knowledge of the con poA the causes of which is then to he re in-the daily life of The teaching of this will, in some more tithe sdrool-ooaree of every child ii^npdin& writing,, and «M»'tbe moidipeees Oneselfalive foiendetdd ti mr.-ht'% ■'.%}■ have said women rather than men. For it Is the women who have theqrdering of the household, the bringing upof the children; the women who bide at home while the men areaway. it may be at the other end of the earth. And If any say,' as they have a right to.say, 'Bat these aresubjects which can hardly be taoght toyoung women in public lectures,' 1 rejoin, ofcouree not, unless they are taught by women—by women, of course, duly educated and legally qualified. Let snch teach to women what every woman ought to know, and what her parents will very properi/object to herhearingfrom almost any man. This is one of the main reasons why I have, for 20 years past, advocated the training of women for the medical profes sion ; and one which countervails, in my mind, all possible objections to such a move ment And now thank God, I am seeing the common Bense of Great Britain, and, indeed, of every civilised nation, gradually coming round to that which seemed to me, when I first conceived of it, a dream too chimerical to be cherished, save in secret—the restoring woman to her natural share in that sacred office of healer which she held in the Middle Ages, and from which she was thrust out during the 16th century." In another essay, " Nausicaa in London," Canon Kingsley gives fuller expression to his views on the question of the bearing of the present life of women on this question of the physical degeneracy of the race in highly ri vilified nations, and especially in England. The form of the essay, and its ingenious and suggestive comparison of the life of a woman in antique Greece with that of one in modern London, render it one of the most attractive in its style and most important in its warnings of any in the volume. The writer, fresh from the marbles of the British Museum, goes his way through London streets. His brain { "was still full of fair and 'grand forms—the forms of men and women whose every limb and attitude betokened perfect health, and grace, and power." For he had bd8n through the corridors of those Greek sculptors "which remain as a perpetual sermon to rich and poor amid our artificial, unwhole some, and, it may be, decaying pseudo civilisation." Above all, he had been pon dering over "the awful and yet tender beauty of the maiden figures from the Parthenon and its kindred temples," and his train of thought brought before his mind the recol lection of the charming picture given by: Homer of the domestic life of the Princess Nauacaa. It is not the beauty of the scene that his mind dwells apon to much as its healthfulness. Fun of such thoughts he went through London streets, "amongthe Nausicaas of the present day; the girls of the period; the daughters and hereafter mothers of our future rulers, the great Demos or commer cial middle-class of the greatest mercantile city in the world: and noted what I had noted with fear and sorrow many a day, for many a year—a type, and an increasing type, of young woman who certainly had not had ; the 'advantage^' 'educational' and other, of that Greek Nansicaaof eld." Of course, in a city like London, that attracts the beat of everything to itself, he passed now and then "beautiful persons, who made me proud of those Orandes Angioma <wx gooes rouges, whom the Parisiennes ridicule—and envy." Bat these mostly appeared to be country bred, and he observed that when compared with their mothers, the mother's physique was, in the majority of cases, superior to the daughter's. He could not but remark with pain " the exceedingly small size of the average young woman, by which I do not mean mere want of height—that ie a little matter—but want of breadth likewise.", " Poor little things. I passed hundreds— I pass hundreds'every day—trying to hide their littleness by the nasty mass of false hair—or what does duty for it—and by the ngly and useless hat which is stuck upon it, making the head look ridiculously luce and heavy; and by die high heels on which they totter onward, having forgotten, or never , learnt, the simple art oT walking; their bodies tilted forward in this ungraceful at* titude winch la called—why that name of all others?—a ' Grecian bend;' seemingly kept on their feet, and kept together at all in that strange attitude, by tight stays which pre vented all graceful and healthy motion of the bins or rides; their raiment, meanwhile, being purposely misshapen in this direction and in that, to hide—it must be presumed— deficiencies of form. If that chignon and those heels had been taken ofL the figure which would have remained would have been that too often of a puny girl of 16, And yet there was no doubt that these wotnen were not only full grown,bot some of them, alas! wives and mothers." The face beneath that chignon/and that bat is sometimes pretty ; " bat how seldom handsome, which is a higher quality by fat.'' It is not even a well-fed face. "She looks as if she lived—as she too often does, I hew —on tea and bread and Jratter. or rather on breadwith the minimnm of butter." "Poor; little Nausicaathat is not her fault Our boasted civilisation has not even taught her what to eat, as it certainly has notincteneOd her appetite. She does uotknow that With out butter and other fatty matters she is not\ likely to keepeven warm." But dine is ho oneyettotell her tlmt and a dozen other equally simple facta, for her own sake and for the sake of that Depuw which sheis to bring into the world; a .Demos irhicVif.fve can only keep it healthy in Judy and bpoln, has before it so eplendid a'fatare, bat which, if body «und brain degrade beneath the influence of modern barbarism, is but too likely to follow' the Demos of ancient Byzantium, or of modern Paris. " From all this Canofi Kingsley earnestly con tends that in these days, when so much is said for the ''higher edjforifoaoi something shall also be done for their lower eduoation, to -secure that they may sot, with aU the helps pf civilisation at hand, be deficient in this reepect to the Nauricaa of! old Greece. Another foarichof the same subject is pursuedto^t^foie^ ieea^r ^ wealth, and. ease, and Ihxuiy of modern ] Britain are printed prit. for the purpose of | enforcing a muchileefod tfoming. ., The article on "Heroism" is in a great degree £ reflex of that ixtflnenoe^f^G^lrle J th^ritings ot Pfoi sides] " whether the policeman is not demoralising qb T—whether the lapdog condition, of the present day is not unfavourable to growth of the higher virtues. For the majority, safety and comfort an mating their lives mean and petty, effeminate and dulL The consciousness of the dulaess of life produces that passion for sensational novels, which is bo Btrong a mark of the time. Under this condition the virtue of heroism is in danger of becoming extinct Kit become so it is by virtue of such influences as these, certainly not for want of opportunities of heroism now, equally as in any former period. On this point the writer says . " Let us say, then, that true heroism must involve self-sacrifice. Those stories certainly involve it whether ancient or modern, which the hearts, notof philosophers merely, orpoets, but of the poorest ^and most igno rant have accepted instinctively as the highest form of moral beauty—the highest form, and yet one possible to alL Grace Darling rowing out into the storm toward the wreck. - The ' drunken private of the Buffs,' r who, prisoner among the Chinese, and com manded to prostrate himself and kotoo, re fused in the name of his country's honour— 'He would not bow to any Chinaman on ,earth;'a&d; so was knocked on the head, and died surely a hero's death. Those soldiers of the Birkenhead, keeping their ranks to let the women and children escape, while they watched the sharks, who in a few minutes would be tearing them limb from limb. Or, to go across the Atlantic—for there are heroes in the Ear West—Mr. Bret Haite's ' hlynn of Virginia,' on the Central Pacific Bailway—the place is shown to travel lers—who sacrificed his life for his married comrade— " There, In the drift. Back to the wall. He held the timbers Ready to fait Then in the darkneee I heard him call— ' Run for ytmr life, Jake! Run for your wife's sake ! Pont wait lor me.' "And that was an Heard in the din Heard ol Totn Flynn, Flynn of Virginia." Or the engineer, again, on the Mississippi, who, when the steamer caught fire, held, as he had sworn he would, her bow against the hank till every soul save he got safe on !shore-^ * " Through the hot black breath of the burning boat Jim Btadso's voice waa beard; And they all had truat in his enssednes, And knew be would keep his word. Aid snre'e you're bom, they a'l got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Bludao's ghost went op alone In the moke of the Prairie Belle. ; "He weren't no saint—bntat Judgment rd run my chance with Jim 'fonpMe of aome piota gentlemen That wouldn't shake hands with him. He'd eeen hia duty—a dead anre thing— Ami went for it, there and then; And Christ to not jrahir to be too mud On a nam that med for men." To which gallant poem of Colonel John Hay's —and he has written many gallant and beau tiful poems—I have but one demurrer:— Jim Bludso did not merely do hia duty, but more than his duty. He did a voluntary deed to which he was hound by no code or con tract, civil or moral; just as he who intro ducad me to that poem won his Victoria Cress—as many across, Victoria' andOthr has been won—by volunteering for a do to which he, too. was hound by no code or contract, military or moraL And it Is of the essence of self-sacrifice, and therefore of heroism, that it should be voluntary; a work of supererogation, at least towards society and man: an act to which the hero or heroine is not bound by duty, but which is above though not against duty." The volume comprises much graceful writ :ing and lucid exposition, and contains an eloquent protest and warning against the dangers which beset civilisation from its very essence, and shows in what quarters, in the belief of the writer, we shall best obtain the antidote for these evils, the most important being a study of natural science, and the earnest endeavour to give effect to its dictates in all that concerns the health; mental and physical, and the lower as well as the higher education Of humanity. 