. TEMPERANCE GUILD- OF ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST. 'The annual festival of the temperance guild of St. John the Baptist began last evening, when a temperance service was held in St. John's Church, Goulburn-street. There was a large attendance. His Lot called the Bishop, Revs. Canon Bromby, C. V. Gi cone, Shoobridge, and Gray were present. The services consisted of a portion of the litany, special prayers and hymns interspersing the addresses. of The Rev. C. P. G-RUKN'I!, after some introductory remarks regarding the festival of St. John the Baptist, said that drunkenness was a very blight upon our land. He need' not dilate upon the terrible effects of this great evil., Some of them knew of its. effects upon themselves, and some of them had the terrible blight upon their own souls, and in their own homes. They all ought to feel that it was something for which they were fearfully responsible ; therefore he had asked them to come together to-night, that they might plead before a throne of grace for those who were guilty in this. respect. I ' ' ', The BISHOP said they were bound to believe God's word, that the drunkard should not inherit the kingdom of God. It had'been-computed that in Great Britain and li stand no less than 00,000 passed to a drunkard's grave every year, and they had no right to expect that these would inherit the glory of the redeemed. Why are we here, to-night, he asked 2, To express our determination to do something towards arresting that source of all evils, which they founded prevented the prog ess of mankind. They found a great mass of their fellow-creatures becoming insensible to holy influences in consequence of their innate indulgence in intoxicating liquors. There was a cry coming from the working classes, from the prisons, from the hospitals, from the insane asylums, asking deliverance from this great sin and were they to stand still, andree their follower natures standing on the brink of a precipice, at the risk of their souls ? He replied no ; they had come to the conclusion that such persons ought to be bound to total abstinence, and this particular society which they were there to advocate brought men together, the sons and daughters of the church, to aid in, this work and bring them under the consecrated influence of religion. They found in the old country that no less than a hundred thousand millions were annually expended upon the source of the great evil which ruined so many of the sons and daughters of the Anglo- Saxon race. They found that as much as three guineas per head were spent upon that which intoxicated and when he looked upon the neighbouring colonies, especially New Zealand, not £3, but as much as five and six pounds per head were spent for the tremendous indulgence in drink. And they suffered in. Tasmania from the same evil. If they were any better than their neighbours, it arose from the fact that our material progress has not been so great. They ought to be up and doing, and putting Shoulder to shoulder against this great evil. Here was a pestilence, here was a destroyer, far more awful than any other, because it destroyed the souls of our fellow who came i es and he thought the Church of England ought to step forward and take her place in the great movement in which others had led the way. The Church of England Association, of which this guild was a branch, differed in some respects from those associations that had gone before. He did not mean that it was in opposition ; he did not mean that it was antagonistic. There was something over and above this in adopting principles which, for certain reasons, had not been thought desirable in other associations and though there was some differ and, they were ready to join with others in marching to the battle-field against the common foe. His , Lordship then explained that members were admitted who signed a call to totally abstain from intoxicating drinks, and others who signed another said to only partake of these drinks in the presence of the members of their own family. This latter class believed they could take a simple glass of beer for dinner or supper, and they bound themselves never to go into a public house to drink. ( " We leave to others, they say, " to bind themselves to the stricter pledge ; but we deny that they are judges of us." Another reason why he urged upon his hearers to join this Society was that they wished to bring upon the effort is of the temperance cause the great sanction of religion. The association wished to solemnize the pledge by the solemn service of baptism. It wished to go to the drunkard, and with the power of the gospel convert that man to a knowledge of his temple sinfulness, convert him to see the error of his ways ; then when he was brought to the feet of Jesus, seek, the solemn P. pledge of the, baptismal covenant. It was time the Church of England woke up, to a sense of the magnitude of this great evil. It; was like a roaring hon, seeking whom it may,ilevoui'. , If tlioywouluVoiily'stem'tlio fountain, then' they stemmed the parent of many other evils., The Home Synod appointed a commission to make special investigation, and collect statistics of this great crime. They gathered together the testimony of magistrates, police constables, the clergy, and the heads of various establishments and ' thon having collected this testimony, there was attached to it a most solemn appeal to the Convocation. Acting upon that i open at, the Chin eli of England had turned her is inda to, practical work and Kynuna they remembered how great ¡iiHtionco.fioin,tho Queen, through the House of Lords, and through every portion of, society, they might well say how great a help the Church of England might become in this great work. And such a work could be done in this colony. We do not wish, continued His Lordship, to take away the liberty of our fellow men ; but as Parliament' has given privileges for the sale of drink, we have a right to demand that that privilege shall not be abused.' If you have bad laws amend them ; if you have good laws, see that they are carried out. And if the laws , are not properly administered, then you can, ask Parliament to give you liberty to take the matter into your own hands. You talk about compulsory laws, you appoint an officer to force the children into the schools. we begin at the wrong bud in those matters. Whilothore is a cry going up from our land against the evil of drunkenness, can we bear to hear it any more without using our utmost efforts to remove the cause. ? 'ii The Rev. Canon Brown said the very fact of this' service, the very fact of the existence of this Guild, for enrolling together those who were determined to resist the great evil of drunkenness, showed that at last they were joining in the great movement begun at home. He was not going to praise their efforts as a church, but the contrary. As a church they should be covered with shame and dismay when they thought how little they had done in this glorious cause. The people of the Church of England had stood by year after year, generation after generation, while they saw the foul ravages of the demon drink. They had seen millions of hird on ned money wasted, worse than wasted. They had seen homes desolated, children intend, souls lost, and they had stood by and talked, and said how sad it was, shrugged their shoulders, and that was all. Now, however, the 'mother church, which had lived for so many hundred years through so many difficulties had awakened from her sleep, and he would ask them to mark who had awakened them. God had put it into the hearts of those belonging to other denomina- tions of Christians-and all honour be to them. begin the work the Church of England had neglected ; but he had now put it into the hearts of the people of the Church of England to help in the same work, and they had risen from their lethargy and their sheep. Whenever and where- | over they could, let their prayers also that God j may pour down his blessing on the temperance! reform, The church had not done much yet ; but a begining had been made, the people of the church saw their danger and their duty, and therefore he might almost say that was half the battle. Then again hopeful that he had a divine message to give as regal did the sin of drunkenness. It was a message | unaffected by this or that school of theology, It was an ancient message to Christ's Catholic Church, handed to them from their forefathers, and they dare not take away even the smallest hair's In and the We say to those, said the rev. gentleman, under the domination. of the (lemon drink, you are the children of God ; you have been regenerated and admitted into the visible Church ; you are Christians ; you mu God's children ; you are the temple of the Holy Ghost ; see what you are doing : you are dealing und'liamplhigtlmt winds and I temple which He has given you for your eternal joy. If they could not i resist the demon, continued Mr. Bromby, go to their pastor privately, that they may pray and learn together about holy things, and about the power of sin. The ministers did not wish to place themselves above their people ; the ministers were only kept from the same size by the grace of God ; but, as ministers of God, they could help those who came unto them ; they could comfort them and they had power to absolve from sin where she was truly repented of. The rev. gentle- I man counselled his hearers not to conform to what he called the villainous "treating" custom to resist all such hideous, foolish customs and to insist upon it that the laws of the country shall be carried out strictly. , , 6 The proceedings closed with singing and prayer. 