TWO CHRISTMAS DAYS. A STORY.— BY M. OR N. ' It was thus after a separation of 19 years that Ralph Hope met bis wife. The grave for both had given up its dead, and each stood for a few terrible moments before the other— silent, awe- Btricken, livid, ghost-like.'— Page 158. TWO CHRISTMAS DAYS. A STORY.— BY M. OR N. ' It was thus after a separation of 19 years that Ralph Hope met bis wife. The grave for both had given up its dead, and each stood for a few terrible moments before the other— silent, awe- Btricken, livid, ghost-like.'— Page 158. THE SALMON PONDS, NEW NORFOLK, TASMANIA. THE SALMON PONDS, NEW NORFOLK, TASMANIA. THE REV. CHARLES CLARK. TURKEY STALKING. OUR SUPPLEMENT. — AUSTRALIAN EXPLORATION: AN EXPE- DITION ON THE MARCH. OUR Supplement given at the close of 1874 fitly com- memorates an event that will always make this a pro- minent year in the history of Australian exploration, viz., the crossing of the unknown part of the continent of Australia lying between the centre and the western sea- board. This has been done twice—first by Colonel War- burton, at the beginning of the year; and later, and in an opposite direction, by Mr. Forrest. As the Warburton expedition employed camels, and the later one had only horses, it is easy to see which our artist had in view in the preparation of his picture. The plate tells its own story. The party have been toiling all day long westward over that still, parched, monotonous plain, and now the sun is setting with a crimson glow before them. They are still doubtful where to seek a camp for the night, but one of the natives accompanying the expedition, who has been on ahead looking out for signs of water, is eagerly pointing out to the chief a direction in which he saw indications making it likely that water will be found. We may fairly offer our picture as a tribute to the brave men who, by their fortitude and plucky perseverance, have opened up the last secrets of the mysterious interior of Australia. OUR SECOND SUPPLEMENT: SPRING TIME. We have great pleasure in presenting to our readers as a second supplement the accompanying engraving after the celebrated picture "Le Printemps" (Spring- time) of the French painter M. A. Cot. Our engraving, which faith- fully represents the charming picture from which it is taken, we are enabled to publish by the special permission of MM. Goupil and Co., of Paris, who have the sole right of reproduction. A glance at the picture shows that the "Spring-time" the painter has sought to depict is less the spring-time of nature than that of human life, or rather that by his naturalistic treatment youth as the spring of life and spring as the youth of the year are fused into one idea, and depicted as blending into one whole, in which humanity and nature are not regarded as opposed, but as one. In a word, he has happily conceived and brilliantly expressed the spirit of the lines which he has attached as a motto to his picture, "O primavera! gioventù dell' anno! O gioventù! primavera della vita!!" COUNTRY VISITORS. A SPECIAL character is given to the streets of Melbourne at holiday times—such, for instance, as the Christmas season, on which we are now entering—by the large influx of country visitors of which they afford evidence. We see them everywhere—loitering along the principal thorough- fares, staring at the public edifices, looking in the shop windows, standing with a half doubtful, embarrassed air in groups at the street corners, hesitating where they will go next, and what is the best means of getting there. The statue of Burke and Wills never gets so many admiring critics all the rest of the year as at these seasons. The bas-reliefs at its base are now inspected with something of the reverential interest, and much, of the free conjectural exposition, which archæologists bring to bear on the Nineveh marbles, or the paintings on the inner walls of a tomb on the Nile. The library, the museums, the zoological collection in the Royal-park get their crowds of visitors; and the theatres in the evening are peopled with unaccustomed faces, and with audiences not slow to appre- ciate, nor backward in displaying their appreciation. There is an open, natural unreticence and a freshness of feeling in the way in which our country friends burst into roars of irrepressible laughter over those well-worn jokes of Mr. Greville or Mr. Dunn which the town theatrical habitué hears with such blasé, languid indifference. Our country visitors patronise the omnibuses a good deal, and often get into the wrong ones. They are apt to take a Collingwood omnibus when desirous of going to St. Kilda, and when they get down at the end of the journey to puzzle the driver by asking the way to the beach. So, also, with the railway trains; and Bradshaw remains to many of them just such an insoluble problem beyond the reach of the human intellect that Euclid appears to a schoolboy on his first plunge into the axioms and definitions. But with all of their peculiarities, our country visitors are always heartily welcome to the Melbourne tradesman. They bring a good deal of money with them, and they spend it all before they go back. They are not too exacting or difficult to please, and they pay cash for whatever they buy. They begin to tire of Melbourne after the first week, and begin to long for their country homes. It is then a relief to them to meet a newly-arrived neighbour in the streets, and to learn from him how their district is getting on in their absence, and how the late rains told on the crops. They complain to each other that town life seems very dull, that you soon see all that there is to see, and that it is terribly wearying to walk far on the paved streets. After spending a few more listless days they determine to return home, pack up huge bundles, and gathering up their swollen carpet bags, rugs, bandboxes, and brown-paper parcels, carry their bulky impedimenta to the Spencer-street station, and say "Good bye" to Melbourne for another year, with the reflec- tion that, after all, there is nothing so pleasant in a holiday as its end. TWO CHRISTMAS DAYS, BY M. OR N. The story which is illustrated by this engraving appears in another port of this issue. THE SALMON PONDS, NEW NORFOLK. We continue our illustrations of the most attractive and favourite landscapes of Tasmanian scenery by giving a view of the charming scenery of the Salmon Ponds on the Derwent, near New Norfolk, and about 25 miles from Hobart Town. We have before supplied ample descriptive matter in reference to former engravings of this lovely part of the island colony, a visit to which is one of the most pleasant excursions from Hobart Town open to the tourist. Our view is from one of the photographs of Tasmanian landscapes taken by Mr. Clifford, photographer, Hobart Town. THE REV. CHARLES CLARK. In another column we give a notice of the rev. gentleman, and his career as a preacher and lecturer. TURKEY STALKING. OUR engraving gives a good idea of the caution which is necessary to enable the sportsman to get within shooting distance of these fine but extremely watchful birds. Some- times a spring cart furnishes a good moveable cover, sometimes they are approached under the shelter of a team of bullocks, or by the sportsman lying on the bottom of a cart till an opportunity presents itself. But the most convenient cover is afforded, by a safe, steady, docile stalk- ing horse. The trouble in getting a shot is often very great, but if it is a successful one the booty gained, in the shape of a plump, thumping, big Australian turkey, amply rewards a great dual of labour. THE CHRISTMAS PANTOMIMES: THE THEATRE ROYAL AND THE OPERA-HOUSE. For some weeks the utmost efforts of the scene-painters at our two theatres have been concentrated on the produc- tion of a spectacle of beauty and magnificence in the shape of transformation and final scenes in the Christmas panto- mimes. In the preparation of these it is necessary to remember the rather exigent tastes of the Melbourne audiences, who are never contented in theatrical matters with anything short of excellence. It is only fair to say that the splendours of our pantomime transformation scenes have been masterpieces of the scene-painter's art, and that for effectiveness of design and brilliancy of execution they have been as creditable to the skill of the artists engaged in their production as to the spirit and enterprise of the managers. The views we present on another page, of the scenes that are this time prepared for the gratification of our Christmas holiday keepers will show that the successes of former years will not be fallen short of now. The pantomime at the Theatre Royal bears the lengthy and comprehensive title of "Humpty Dumpty Who Sat on a Wall, or Harlequin King Arthur, His Three Sons, the Knights of the Round Table, and the Fairy of the Fern Tree Gully." That at the Opera- house is named 'Adamanta, the Proud Princess of Pro- fusia, Her Six Unlucky Suitors, and the Transit of Venus from a Fresh Point of Observation." BEECHWORTH CARNIVAL, THE PROCESSION OF CHINESE. WE give a full account of these remarkable festivities on another page. TRANSIT OF VENUS: CONTACT OBSERVATIONS AT THE MEL- BOURNE OBSERVATORY. IN another part of this issue we give a full description of the observations of the transit as conducted at the Mel- bourne Observatory and at the other Australian stations. Our picture represents the working of an instrument employed at the Melbourne Observatory for observing the phenomena of contact. MR. JOHN FORREST AND MR. ALEXANDER FORREST, THE WEST AUSTRALIAN EXPLORERS. IN our last number we gave a full account of the ad- venturous journey recently completed from West Australia to Adelaide of the exploring expedition of which Mr. John Forrest was the leader, and Mr. Alexander Forrest was the second in command. We now present portraits of these gentlemen who have made the name of Forrest one of such high honour on the roll of Australian explorers. It is not necessary that we should repeat the tale of danger, and difficulty, and triumphant heroism. It is sufficient to say that the qualities of British pluck and daring, directed by skill and prudence, were never more strongly illustrated than by the record of that long toilsome journey through a barren desert. On his arrival at Adelaide a South Aus- tralian paper gave the following brief account of Mr. Forrest:—"Western Australia, the smallest in population and influence of all the colonies, has taken a distinguished place in connexion with the exploring of the continent. About four or five years ago John Forrest, a fine young fellow of native growth, forced his way across from King George's Sound to this colony, keeping to a large extent the route laid down by Eyre, and he was received in Adelaide with the welcome he had so well earned. His journey only whetted the desire to know more about the vast tract of country between our telegraph line and Western Australia, and other expeditions were fitted out to travel from each side. Major Warburton, after a trying and painful journey, managed to force his way through, coming out to the northward of the colony. Mr. Gosse and Mr. Ernest Giles made plucky attempts to get through, but were driven back by the absence of water. Meanwhile Mr. Forrest had been carefully arranging his plans, to explore from the westward, making as near as possible for the centre of the continent. As we have already stated, he left the Murchison on April 1, and after many trials, and not a few dangers, he accomplished his work. In the days of early exploration it was supposed necessary to have a largo equipment of men and cattle, but Eyre was the first to suggest and to carry out exploration with a light but well-appointed party, and he was followed by Stuart. Large expeditions are hampered and retarded by their own weight. Half a dozen men adequately equipped, but carrying a small amount of impediments, can go where a larger party could not penetrate. The more mouths there are to feed, the greater the difficulty of getting through a thirsty and hungry country. Mr. Forrest had proved the superiority of a small party, and he has made his journey with a more handful of men—only four whites and two blackfellows. There seems to be no doubt that he has the highest quali- fications for an Australian explorer. He is an excellent bushman; he is young, modest, healthy, and strong. His patience is inexhaustible, and his good humour imperturb- able; and, above all, he has the faculty of inspiring the confidence and winning the respect of his companions." MR. FREDERICK ALOYSIUS WELD, GOVERNOR OF TASMANIA. WE here present a portrait of the newly-appointed Governor of Tasmania, who has successfully, and with the warm approbation of the colonists, for some years adminis- tered the Government of West Australia. Mr. Weld, who comes of an old English Catholic family, has won his posi- tion as a colonial governor in a way of which there are not very many instances. As a New Zealand settler he was returned to Parliament, and subsequently was called upon to form a Ministry at a time of great difficulty, owing to native hostilities. The act by which his Ministry will be best remembered was the formation of the Defence Force, which bore so useful a part in the operations that have tended to make future native wars in New Zealand matters of very improbable occurrence. It was, doubtless, in recognition of Mr. Weld's services and ability in this capacity that he was appointed to the Governorship of West Australia, then a Crown colony. During his régime the colony ventured to undertake the task of self-government by means of representative institutions in the shape of an elective Legislative Council, and was emboldened by the result of the experiment to go on to the next step of com- plete responsible Government, the advent of which, how- ever, Mr. Weld did not continue in the colony long enough to inaugurate. He now comes to Tasmania as Governor of the island, where, no doubt, he will meet with the re- spectful, cordial reception always accorded by a British colony to the representative of Her Majesty. MOSSMAN’S BAY, PORT JACKSON. Mossman's Bay, or Great Sirius Cove, is a picturesque indentation on the north shore of Port Jackson, and is a favourite place of resort for pic-nic parties. In the spring season of the year the banks are covered with numberless varieties of wild flowers. A walk of about 10 minutes along the road shown in our engraving takes the visitor to a highly romantic waterfall on a creek which falls into the head of the bay. The Messrs. Mossman at one time had a whaling establishment on the bay, and hence it derives its name. 