THB gliding goicns -&u;$\\\\. TOOWOOMBA, JULY II, 1874. 'iieio: nao,' The Lords h»T« worried the BUI pnpand In the Commons for the proper distribution of the public estate, and a very pretty piekle they hare made of it What with amendments 'above' and alterations 'below,' the Bill, in the form it Las returned to the Assembly, presents few feature* by which its author could prove its identity. The tendrils by which, in due course, the MonsTBK fob Lands hoped to bind the selector to the soil, have been rudely torn asunder, and a system approaching to free trade or common enjoyment adopted. The principle of immediate resumption of the remaining portion of the public estate baring b«en aooepted, it would have been unfair, nay, unjust, to deprive the tradesman, the mechanic, pr the plodding clerk of the opportunity of MttMpating in the distribution. They have equal lights intheaoU with the grader, the &rmer;, and the newly arrived immigrant, and why should they be denied the privilege of investing their spare capital in a 'bit of ' country,' and providing a quiet country tome for their old age -w oompetency. We km* it will be said th»t pteotr ¥land will *ft open to pwohsw yheperar tflb , mealed tradeanan aballlw in a potitfoo aat dUpoaed fe«S»iwn bodDess, Md to srtde down as Mr«Mnl la&df; urf b»em lm:-&0]iimiti*' SI^BSSBBaBSSBBSBSSSSSSSSS^Bama^SS^Baj MAmnkMstsssisB^Bsss^BsliswBB^IsBHn TfHBBss^L^aB^Bali^^sa^SaBas^B^BiBB! easy payment*, and gradually invest their capital in improvemsnU. It would have been galling also to these men to witness the whole sale appropriation of tbe land by etrangera, while they, the old colonists, were deprived of the privilege of selection. We are pleased, therefore, to find that tbe clnnfes providing (or tbe fulfilment of the conditions of residence by bailiff have beeu accepted by the Council Whether it will lead to further dummying depends chiefly upon the manner in which the provisions of the measure are curried into effect, and we are disposed to agree with Mr. Geegoky that ' the very best pieces of legis ' tion ' fail often through improper adminis tration. The amendments introduced in the Council have been rejected in the Assembly — that is to say, the members of the Lower House de cline, wisely, we conceive, to admit the prin ciple of compensation suggested in Mr. Gek goby's amendment. But they were in error, we believe, in refusing to limit the power of the Minister iub Lands. They desire apparently to resume the leased lands, to dispose of them to tbe public, and to render the confirmation of certificates of performance of conditions subject to the whim or the political fancies of the Minister of the day. It may happen, therefore, that the certificate!) of persons favor ing the cause of the Ministry of the day may be issued without trouble or difficulty, and the certificates of others retained, delayed, or re fused. It is obvious, therefore, that the pro posal Is calculated to inflict injury on the com munity, and that ' too much power ' would be placed in the hands of the Minister fob Lands. We are disposed to believe that the Council will adhere to this amendment, and it to therefore probable that the session will close without the performance of effective business in the matter of land legislation. MB. Macaubteb and his colleagues are doubt less congratulating themselves on having success fully steered through the session. If bucIi be in deed their temper,' we take leave to say that their idea of what constitutes success, and the views which we in common with most thoughtful colonists hold on the subject, are strikingly opposed. The Ministry entered upon office under fairly propitious auspices. Their chief had a reputa tion for courage in initiating great projects, which, though dating from a remote era, had survived the memory of more recent and strik ing manifestations of fickleness. It was fondly hoped that, the opportunity being granted, the Macaubter of the past would once more flash the rays of his genuis over the colony. During his long sojourn in the cold shades of the Opposition benches, Mr. Stephens hnd, by the easy process of continual fault-finding, created the idea that his elevation to the posi tion of Minister would be followed by a career of unprecedented vigor, and startling severity in dealing with offenders against tbe land laws. Among the Ministers assuming office for the first time, Mr. U'Ixwbaith brought with him the reputation of possessing special qualifica tions for dealing with the subject of railways, and a character for progressive views ; Mr. Hemmant was looked upon as a sound financier. master of his speciality, and distinguished by |)olding original ideas which were speedily to effect an improvement on the existing fiscal system. Dia^jHonN alone was considered a weak plaok iuTn-^£hjUterial vessel. Such a combinationraheiriublic expectation In no ordinary degree. The^jgflcates of a sober and steady progress looked wtsvagpre bension for novel and brilliant expedients whose possible success might throw their own quieter lights into contemptible dimness. The country expected with vivid interest the masterful mea sures which were to convert the rottenness of our land laws into the Bound material of good faith and rapid settlement Tbey thirsted for the moment which was at once to purge our mercantile and landed interests from the stains of collusion and fraud, to increase our revenue, extend our lines of communication, and convert our dreary sheep walks into aoenes ofbustling and prosperonsaotivity. TheMinistrywerenotuncon sdous of these expectations. The exposition of their proposed policy, which they placed for public delivery In the hands of the Queen's representative, fulfilled the expectations of the most sanguine of their believers. New lines of railway were to open up districts heretofore all but inaccessible, and at one stroke to pour popu lation into their depths, and to tap the riches which then- recesses contained A new system of indirect taxation was to make commercial fraud* on the revenue a thing of the past, and to revive the tarnished lustre of merchantile reputation. A Hbbouman ploughshare was to bring to£he dust the hydra heads of dummyiBm, and from the very teeth of the slain monster, as from, the dragon of Cadmus, an army of settlers was to people the soil. The costliness which made law a terror instead of a protection to the community was to wither away under the beams of Mr. M'DEvnT's refulgent abilities, and the- grievances of the North were to be rectified for all time. By this utterance the Ministry established at once their claim to one talent-Abe talent of promising. By their sub sequent conduct they nave added another— the talent of breaking promises. The programme was magnificent, the performance has been pitiable 1, HBOTOB-like the Ministry strutted out to the field amidst flourish of trumpets and the acclamations of the multitude, only during the entire aoene to pass their time in dodging the eiswilrs, and fleeing from the attacks of the opposing AoBxUJbS. Horn disgraced than Bwro* they throw off pwcemwl, to lighten their retreating steps, the armour which shone so dacflinglyaa they made their appearance, and reach the friendly refuge of the recess to teMbrataj la homiUatug peana^ their discredit ?MM**. .'.... . . % ' Till iHsimi h now almost dosed, and the IfiaiaW lurreeacceeded m getting through it &U;» fait* nttntton of office by dint of IMu- *t*T oppMWnt, of Abandoning BUBOpfrr -T' ? !» suwe— When ?hi likely soon to receive, the final stroke which will crush it out of being ! Mr. Stephens' great Land Bill no longer exists— Imt he has uinmiged to remain Minister.; its identity is lost— but he is safe ; it will pro bably shortly give up the ghost altogether — but lie will last none tbe shorter. The Lands Frauds Rill has been slaughtered without an attempt even to pass it off as an endeavor at success. By this course the question of dealing with dummying is not deferred. No mistake could be greater than to suppose eo. Tbe question is practically settled l»y the great liberal administration in favor i if the dummies ! No . Ministry ever pretended (x; tiave the same mission, or the same inclination to grapple, with this scandal as the. present Government ; and the country may rest assured that after . this open abnegation of their self- imposed duty* by this Ministry, no other will feel bound to force their inclinations in order to deal with the diffi culty: When Mr. Stephens arose in his place to move tbe discbarge of this measure, he might as well have proposed in as many words that all dummies shall get their deeds without any more fuss.; Let him place that result as a feather in bis political cap-. Where are Mr. McIlweaith's railways 1 What has been the fruition of Mac AiisrEE's mighty schcmes'1 There ia a survey party somewhere between Gyropie and Mary borough, who are very comfortable. The Bris bane and Ipswich railway was surveyed ten years before its construction was commenced, and then a fresh survey was made. Let Gympie and Mount Perry hear, and moderate their expecta tions. What has been the outcome of Mr McIl WRArm's great reputation i ? He has..discharged Mr. Stanley on the strength of it, and rests contented on the laurels bo acquired. It is use less to continue. Were we to pile words on one another till sleep should overtake us— and our readers— we could not sum up the demerits of this Ministry, which made so brilliant a begin ning, one half so thoroughly as by endorsing most fully the opinion, now so frequently ex pressed, tbat Mr. George Thorn has proved to be the ablest of them all. 