THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Borne Mission■were:begun as-Taw day, April 28, at the Congregational Church, Hindmarsh-square. There was a fair attendance. The Bev.. Colmer B. Svmes, who presided, i opened the evening's proceedings by prayer and | the reading of Scripture; after whioh he intro- 1 duced the Chairman for the ensuing year, the < B6v. J. B. Ferguson, of Salisbury, who read the following inaugural address:— " My dear Brethren and Christian Friends— Elected to fill the high position whioh I now come forward to occupy, I trust I shall be enabled byspecial grace from God to perform I all the duties that shall devolve upon me, and that whatever efficient power there may reside | in my office it shall be carefully directed to the fulfilment of His will alone and-the further showing forth of HiB glory. | "The first duty which usage assigns to me requires that I throw myself upon your patient j indulgence while I proceed with my address. ; Having a desire to set before you some topic, 1 tbe consideration of whioh might prove to be of some present value in relation to the work of the Christian Church, the enquiry which I will essay ' to make is—What was the main and distinctive work to which the Apostles addressed them- ! selves, and what were the methods which they uniformly observed in seeking to overtake and effect it! This twofold question appears to my own mind to be fundamental in its nature as bearing upon the great mission of the Christian Church in all ages. It can hardly but be thought that the duty which was expressly and uniquely given to the Apostles to perform r< r ~;ns Ihe same which it is incumbent on the CLi. to be occupied with so long as her exis tence and her agency are needed upon earth. And it surely must appear to be no less evident that the ways in which the Apostles proceeded in their work, considering the varied and wide spread difficulties they had to-encounter, and considering the astonishing success whioh tbey achieved notwithstanding, are the ways which, as nearly as possible, ought to be imitated down through all ages and even in all lands over which the Church spreads. I am not intending to make use of the principle that when we have an Apostolic practice univer sally and uniformly observed by them we have then, by implication, a scriptural law which is binding upon tbe Church for all time. This may or may not be so; but the line of our present inquiry is more simply after the Baconian method—What do we find to have constituted the distinctive work of the Apestolic ministry, and what were the ways in which they prosecuted it ? And then we earnestly conclude that their main work con tinues still to be ours; and their ways, con sidering . the diversified circumstances amid which they wrought, ought to be carefully observed and kept in view by us. The under lying principle of our whole argument is the great Protestant one—that the Scriptures are our sufficient and only authoritative rule both of faith and practice. Our subject, then, is ' Apostolic Work and Ways.' "Apostolic Work.—The work, which seems to have been one and comprehensive in the ministry of tbe Apostles, comes before our view in the New Testament records under singular simplicity of statement and in ever-recurring iteration. It is given us in a set and formal manner in the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, when, after the disciples had enquired of the risen Lord what was to follow next in the relationship in which they stood to each other— whether ' He would at that time restore again the Kingdom of Israel ?'—he, in effect, replied that this was hot their concern, but that ' they were to go forth, after that the Holy Ghost had come upon them, and be witnesses unto Him both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." They would not be com pletely equipped for their work until the Divine Spirit had descended upon tbem and endowed them with new power, but when once this had been vouchsafed their duty would then be to bear witness of Him. This is the simple form of expression by which their work appear to have been designated. And it is added in the sacred narrative that ' when He had spoken these things, while they beheld, He was taken up, and a cloud received Win out of their sight.' The Master had given Him last directions. He had told them what they were to do. " And with this closing counsel the statement altogether agrees which our Lord made from time to time on previous occasions. When Ha was making known to His dear followers the Divine purpose to send forth the Comforter after He Himself had returned to the Father, fie said—' He shall testify of Me ; and ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with Me from the beginning." At another time, on one of the occasions He met with the disciples after His resurrection, after endeavouring patiently to reconcile them to all that had se mysteriously happened. He ' then opened their understanding that they might understand the Scripture, and said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day; and that re pentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name among all nations, be ginning at Jerusalem. And ye are witnesses of these things." "Whether we refer to our Lord's instructions given to the Apostles immediately before He was taken up, or to those expressed by Him at earlier periods, the one comprehensive duty to devolve upon the disciples in their ministry is always the same—that, namely, of bearing witness of Him, And to this agrees very evidently the interpretation which the Apostles themselves put upon these charges, for we find tbem as often as occasion arises setting forth their claims to be listened to as well as their obligation to speak in His name upon the fact that they had been eye- witnesses of these things. When they thought to fill up the vacancy which had occurred through the desertion and subsequent death of Judas, their plau was that 'of these meu who had companied with them all the time that Jesus weut in and out among them, beginning from the baptism of John unto that same day that He was taken up from them,' one must be ordained ' to be a witness with tbem of His resurrection.' And when they speak of His resurrection it is only as the culminating event of His whole mysterious manifestation. And so when Peter was con cluding his great first Apostolie discourse on the day of Pentecost, he says,' this Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses." " It may. be sufficiently apparent without my quoting further verbal evidence that the pre eminent and abiding work of the Apostles was to be that of bearing witness for Christ. And to this they faithfully and heroically adhered. For hear the aged John when he had reached the closing scenes of his own long career, and which was to close as well the general Apostolic period— ' That which was from the beginning, which we have beard, which we have seen with our eyes, and our hands have handled, of the Word of Life (for the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and show unto you that eternal life, which was. with the Father, and was manifested unto us); that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us; and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with His Son Jesus Christ." It is a splendid passage in John's own deep and penetrating style, and accordingly characterized by all his simplicity and compre hensiveness. And when dating his last book, which is also the closing book of the New Testament canon, he writes from ' the isle that is called Patmos," where he then lay a hoary exile, ' for the word of God, and for the testi mony of Jesus Christ.' " Now, this bearing witness for the Bedeemer I_ feel freely disposed to interpret in the simplest manner possible, according to the meaning of the words. Whether we take the Greek verb which occurs in the passages, or the common English translation, it is all the same—to hear witness is to testify to what one has seen, or heard, or knows. Knowledge derived from one's personal and primary sources of information at once forms the basis of true testimony, and supplies the substance of it. When the Apostles stood forth accordingly to give their testimony to what was alleged in respect te Christ, they could not but declare what they themselves knew. It was all and simply with them a matter of knowledge, and they could not withhold their testimony without doing violence to the dictates and impulses of < their moral and intellectual nature—they could net but ' speak the thiugs which they had both seen and heard.' And these very things which they thus averred became in turn the subject matter of their testimony. As often as they testi fied they also preached. There was nothing more, or nothing better required of them, than that they should simply tell what they knew of the Bedeemer. To ao this was to preach the Gospel, and set forth the propitiation which is through faith in the Son of God. Such is Christ, so manifold and wide are the bearings of His divinely-adopted life and character, so obviously full of vicarious significance are all His suf ferings and Hia death; such an infinite pleni tude, in short, is there in His God-man person that to bear witness of Him is to proclaim the way of salvation to mankind. One cannot speak of Him without making known a Saviour. And there is no more direct way of pointing the world to the only true deliverer than to speak alone of Bim. 'For the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory of the only-begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.' ' For the law came b»' Moses, but grace and truth oame by Jesus Christ.- No man hath seen God at any time bat th e only-begotten Son, who it in the bosom of the Father; He hath'-deolared Him, who is the brightness of the'Father's glory and the express image - of fiis person; for it- hath pleased the Father that in Him should all fulness dwell.' " And this is what the Apostles did—when tbey went forth they as simply as possible told people about Christ. Look back upon their dis courses, notice the drift and course of their dis cussions, and invariably you will find that they testify of one fact or another of His history. Are they addressing a Jewish audience, then they hare affirmed certain facts, and are proving from the Scriptures that such and suoh things must needs have occurred. Or, are they listened to by Gentile hearers, then they are laying hold of the common cravings and aspirations of their spiritual nature as evinced in their superstitions, and telling of Jesus, who they indicate is certain to satisfy them. It is His divine as well as human personality, His life of spotlessness and benevolence, His unmerited but vicarious suffer-: ings, or His resurrection, just as the oooasion at the moment happened to require, that we find them declaring. But in every instance it was Christ. "As a matter of course, in the proseoution of this their peculiar work they often found occasion to address themselves to other topics. But It was always only as_ arising out of their persistent testimony. For instanoe, when they might be reciting in the ears of Jews the facts and incidents of -the Savour's life, their narrative would not be questioned, for the Jews them, selves also knew of it. But then the question came to be pressed upon them—Was this then indeed the Son of God ? Their hearers would not deny the facts, as facts, that were true of Him whom they called Jesus; but they would ask for proof that their interpretation of these facts was correct, and that this was in truth the Son of God. And so they were obliged to follow such a question and argue the Doint, and make good the Divine Sonship of Christ. Again, while not denying their averments in regard to Christ, and, perhaps also, not denying the importance which they sought to attach to His name, some would still demur to the' exclusiveness of their claims on His behalf, maintaining that the law of the Old Covenant must still be observed, otherwise tbey could have no hope of the favour of God. And this would lead them, as it so often did in the ministry of Paul, to an exposition of the use of the hlosaic dispensation, and an explanation that Christ came not to .destroy but to fulfil, and that now we are complete in Him. And so at other times other questions would arise, giving occasion for the discussion of other points of doctrine. But it was always the case that these questions sprang out of their testimony for Christ, and the very discussion of them served only yet the more to throw light upon their great theme. Christ and Him cruci fied formed the continuous burden of their ministry; all other questions seem only to have been taken up because they were thrust upon them, and when they were discussed they were anxiously taken advantage of to illustrate and enforce the claims of Him who is 'the way' back to God. Their work was in its measure only a continuation of the ministry of Christ, who ' came to seek and to save that which was lost.' Their great place and agency was to testify to the love of God, who ' so loved the world that He gave His cnly-begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Hi™ should not perish, but have everlasting life.' And as ' this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in His Son,' so to the Son, and to the Son always, and to Trim alone, must tbey bear witness. " I need not delay you to show similarly that the planting of the Christian Church, and the laying down and exercise of discipline, all lay within the same line of their divinely-prescribed work. It being according to a Divine order tbat every true follower shall, in his turn, become another individual witness-bearer, a living epistle of Christ, to be known and read of nil men, the Christian Church as a community of such is only an organized society, of many. branches it may be, bearing testimony to the same great name. And Christian ordinances and Church services, as well as discipline, are only so many particular lines of the Church's habitual and formal action, all within their own sphere pointing the heart and conscience unto Christ. In short, when we survey the whole of the Apostolic ministry, and note the lofty end of its testimony, that of printing, like the Forerunner, to the Lamb of God, and observe how this continues to be the end in particular, as well as in general, of every part of the Apostolic work, we only come to remember tbat this is, as it was, necessary tbat it should be. It is only in harmony with the rest of the great dispensation ef mercy as it comes within our view. From ! the day when the first gospel was preached in the Garden of Eden, at once in curse and promise, down to the morning when the angels startled the unexpecting shepherds on the plains of Bethlehem by their soDgs at the advent of Christ, many long ages had to come and pass away. But that gospel preached in- Eden was never once forgotten on the part of God. On and on, over the flow of_ the mightiest events, there is always seeD tinging the crest of the waves a light, and that light is the light of the Son of Man. The old theocracy was the draft-plan of the Church of Christ. In priest and king and prophet there were exhibited, in rude performance, the efficacious functions of the Son of God. Bite and cere mony and sacrifice all lent their aid to point : forward to Him who was to come. It was from the first all one plan, and the plan is still being worked out. Christ is the Alpha and the Omega. And, seeing that it is all so, could the Apostles have done otherwise? And how should the Church ever do otherwise than bend every pos sible effort to the bearing of witness for Christ? "Apostolic Ways.—If I am correct, as I believe I am, in thus defining the Apostolic work, finding it to consist substantially in bearing witness for Christ, and resolving all their varied action and discussions into a reve rential regard to this paramount testimony, then we shall probably now find tbat the manner in which 'they proceeded was similarly consistent and definite in its aim. At no time does history present us with a spectacle so mysterious and (at the time) so inexplicable as that of the Apostles comipg at first into the presence of their work, A mere handful of men as to number, their Leader and Master taken from their head by crucifixion, they were now to go forth and bear witness of Him in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the utter most parts of the earth. They were to fill the world with His doctrine. They began at Jerusalem. Day by day, in and around the Temple, wherever they could obtain a bearing, we find them at their work. And they very quickly begin to prevail, for the civil power is soen called upon to interfere that their pro gress might at least be checked. When they became dispersed by the persecutions which fol lowed, tbey went everywhere preaching the Word. Their one theme was Christ, and the manner in which they bore their testimony to Him was determined by the situation and the character of the audiences which they had suc cessively fto address. Was it a community of Jews among whom they were mingling, they had then no difficulty in introducing the story of Jesus through the medium of their own Scrip tures, which all spoke of Him. Did it happen to be a Gentile audience, they had then compara tively as little difficulty, for they then seized upon signs and tokens of their faith, present at the moment to their view, and from these; won their way easily to the story of Christ. Whoever might be the people they had around tbem, whatever might be the point from which they started, the Bedeemer was always the grand centre into whose light they as quickly as possible brought their hearers, in whose light they saw light as they bad never seen it before. Do we ever find them trifling with their audiences as if for the moment pleasing them selves with the enunciation of subtleties or startling paradoxes, and discoursing upon | themes which were of interest only to them selves as being conceits and hobbies of their own? Never. They were too simple-minded and too devoted in regard to their stupendous i life-work of pointing a perishiDg world to the Saviour, Christ. What they studied was the . clearest and the quickest way of doing this, as it enabled them yet further to do the more. The day of life is altogether too short for any of it to be wasted while at work. Speaking for myself, I see in Paul's vigorous declaration an Apostolic principle as to their method of work when he says, ' I thank God that I baptized cone of you, for Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the Gospel;' and, * Woe is me if I preach not the Gospel.' Particular points were enlarged upon and dwelt upon, as has already been observed; but it was only as they were drawn into them, and when they wore engaged upon them, their desire was to exhibit them in the light of Christ, and also through them still further to illustrate and enforce Bis claims. " Working thus unweariedly and earnestly in bearing witness to Christ, ' God also bearing tbem witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to His will,' their labours were speedily followed with very marvellous results. Judea, and Samaria, and Galilee, and various c-f the provinces of Asia Minor there catne imme diately to be regular gatherings of believers in Christ's Dame. These the Apostles had now to unite in some form of distinctive social uniou as sustaining a common relation to each other. They must become enrlesiai, or churches. And in tbe^ execution ef this newly-developed duty we wi^epg the same simplicity of aim and of r^etbod on the part- of the Apostles, They bring 'these believers apart by them* ; selves, they giyethem to recognise in eaoh others brother «r :a sister in Christ, _ beoanse they had in oommon believed in Him, and; through Sim through faith in His name had; received remission of sins and been' reoeived into the redeemed family of Ood. This nasi all—they were believers in Christ Jesus, and! therefore, as a community,' they were one,; whether they were Jews or Greeks,' bar-; barians, bond or free. They 'wereto keep themselves unspotted from the world, to grow in grace and in the' knowledge of Christ Jesus their Lord, and to add to their faith every possible Christian excellence; but; as a basis of union, or a term of communion,; there was nothing named save a loving trust in the one Saviour. Now: in this again we have a grand though new form of testimony ~ to Christ. Every one of these members, simply as such, was a personal ana independent witness-bearer for Him. The answer to the question—Why were they then in the community ? was, because they professed; to have seen Jesus in the power of His sacrifice, and in Him were they reposing their trust. Their union together was a testimony, for it was publicly known what was the faith which' bound, them together, and what were the exercises in which they spent their time when they were met together—as witness the valuable testimony afforded us in the letter of Pliny, to the Emperor Trajan. It was not the bearing of testimony to one particular doctrine or another, important soever as it might be in the general Christian faith, but it was the giving of the unbroken and unmistakable weight of their Church influence all for Christ. "And when they come to the appointment of office-bearers for these Churches how marked is their avoidance of any title and the institution of any function that would divide the reverence and regard of the people for Christ. They appear to have remembered well the rebuke which was administered to them by the Lord when they disputed by the way which of them should be the greatest. One was to be their Master, even Christ, and all they were brethren; and he who would be greatest among them was to attain this distinction by being servant of alL I would not wish to give offence to any who ; are fond of titles, but as I am having to do : at present with the great divine mission entrusted to the Christian Church, and look ing at how the holy Apostles took it up and, first established it, I say it is very observable their avoidance of both name and office such as would hinder the Gospel , of Christ. Look ing over the New Testament history of the Apostolic period, which is the " first and necessarily the most important chapter of all our Church history, one cannot help reflect ing upon the entire absence there is throughout of official parade and dignity, and, shall we add, | of title and dress. We meet with nothing of . the kind. In every Church there was the Bishop or Presbyter, the Pastor or Elder, for ' the j feeding of the flock' and ministering to it in spiritual things, for these several names are all used of one and the same office; and there were the deacons or managers who gave attention to external and temporal concerns. It was only what was required, and nothing more. And ' while there are some, perhaps even among our selves, who could give their support to the appointment of a 'primus inter pares'—a chief among equals—all that I am called upon to indicate is that so far as the example of the Apostles goes their primus inter pares was the Master, and He alone; they themselves were all brethren. "And so it was also in the sanction which they gave to the observance of ordinances and of a ritual. An ordinance, on account of its sacred ' and solemn nature, can only receive institution by Divine appointment; and accordingly we find them giving themselves to observe only those which Christ had taught them. There was the Sabbath, now changed from the seventh day of the week, as the commemoration of the com pletion of the work of creation, to the first day of the week, as the commemoration of the higher work of redemption, and so a com memoration of Christ. There was baptism, by which a purpose was ritually expressed in regard to the subject that he or she should be brought under the teaching of the Gospel of Christ, and so a testimony on His behalf. And there was the Lord's Sapper, in which there is the sacred and deeply solemnizing remembrance of Him in His death. But besides j these we can discover no other. It was Christ, ' and not ceremony, upon which they sought to fix the minds of men, and we all know the ex ceedingly strong tendency there is on the part of all to fall short of the Saviour and rest in His symbols. And accordingly in the matter of ritual, inasmuch as there must be in every stated assembly of worshippers certain regular and understood modes of service, so far there will ne cessarily be a ritual. But where does it appear in the history? There was praise and prayer, and reading, and the exposition of the Word of God. There were these in the order in which it was convenient and proper to use them, but for aught else of kinds so derogatory to the dignity and spirituality of the Gospel of Christ that we need not mention them—for such as these we do not find them. One thing they desired and one thing they followed after—namely, to make known Christ, whom they themselves knew, and this they sought to do by word and doctrine, institution, ordinance, and service, so far as these could be made to subserve their grand Divine calling. " My brethren, I am now done with this cur Eory effort, for to touch upon the various parts of a field so wide and of such importance re quired that I should be very cursory indeed. I could hardly now risk myself to point yon to the inferences which are plainly deducible from our enquiry, and which have a momentously impor tant bearing upon our Church life and action in the present day. It would require a paper quite as long to do this proper justice. But when I think of the occasion of our present gathering, it may not be so much required. We shall go from the contemplation of this subject refreshed in regard to the aim and purpose of our office and relationship, namely, to bear our directest testimony to Christ the Saviour. We shall seek to eschew the weaknesses of the human mind and the temptations of the times whereby we might be drawn aside from this one testimony, and make to entertain our people and ourselves with doctrines and theories * which minister questions rather than godly edifying, which is in faith.' We shall preserve jealously the simplest forms of social worship consistent with the free, and full, and pleasing expression of our hearts and souls before God. "We shall not be envious or covetous of dignities and honours which are not seemly in servants of the Lord Jesus. We shall be con tent to go on with the identical 'work,' and as nearly as possible in the recorded ' ways' of the holy Apostles, irith the confident assurance that if we are faithful as they were, God also shall bear us witness ' with gifts of the Holy Ghost.'" The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., rose to move a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who had in simple, clear, and nervous language enunciated very clearly the first principles of their living Christianity in a way that would commend itself to all who had heard him. Perhaps there was no important truth that needed more to be pre sented to the attention of ministers of this age than that the simple witness-bearing for the Lord Jesus Christ should be the perpetual aim of their ministry. In a statement of this order they, could not leave out of sight the fact that the Gospel which was delivered to man once was a Gospel for all time adapted to the various exigencies of the human race living in every age. In this Christ were united all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, and since he was the Lord of all wisdom and knowledge, there was a necessity for ministers of Christ to bear clear testimony to that fact. He cordially appi oved both of the spirit and the method of the address, and cordially moved that the thanks of the meeting be tendered to Mr. Ferguson. The Rev. C. B. Syhes was glad to second it. He felt thankful that their esteemed brother had directed attention to the great purpose for which they as Churches existed. There was a spirit of enquiry abroad, and they were con tinually met by the question—"What right have Christian Churches to live ; why should not believers in Christ live their separate individual lives and do their separate work ?" Mr. Ferguson addressed himself not to the machinery, but to the great fundamental purpose for which they lived, and that, he reminded them, must be the same in every age. An important question was, what testimony mid they to bear, and what was their foundation? They were told that the Apostles had to speak of that which they bad seen and known—per sonal testimony—and he sometimes felt that the testimony of the Church of Christ was feeble because it did not grow out erf what they had themselves experienced. Those who opposed Christianity said the Book was old; and, if Christian Churches had nothing more to say than to declare their faith in that Book, the sooner they were passed away the better. He felt that they ought not only to bear testimony to the outside truths of the Gospel, but to what they themselves had experienced of Christ. The vote was carried by acclamation, and acknowledged by the Chairman. REPORT OF COMMITTEE. " The General Committee now beg to lay before you a statement of their work and of the various important matters which have occupied their attention during the past year. Very humbly, and with profound gratitude, do they acknowledge the Divine presence through oat the year—the utmost harmony having "tra vailed throughout, and a sincere and Oarnest spirit having been at all times do amply the wiU ©ftbeLord, and g* forward in . His great and wonderful work,. " ASSISTED HHUpOUiSB.. "The first matter that falls to -be referred to is tte doings of the Comm't-ee in disbursing t< ur funds in affording aid to assisted .Ohuroh )3-, The same prinoiple guided them in the dfaoharga of tbis part of their duty that1 was. explained, in; !aet year's report, namely, the offer of a certain' amount of uaistoaoa; but in the 1 event of a Chnrh raising a stipulated sum the offering.of .a.; little more. It is confidently -believed that. the ', operation of such a: principle .will; prove; thorougly wholesome and stimulating to all who. are concerned; resulting especially in . the i augmented comfort of the pastor and increase j of vigour in the Church. • " Happy Valley.—£30 was granted to" this i Church, with the offer of £10 more if the Church should raise £70. In the report justj to hand the amount stated as having been raised; towards the stipend for the year has been £00 j lis. 3d., falling thua belowthe stipulated sum - by over £0} £5 10s. fid. has been contributed to j the funds of the Union;The; total inoome of. the Church for all purposes has been £10233 . 8d. Two services are held .every lord's.Day, and one on the Wednesday .-evening. The: average attendance on the Sabbath is 100, and the members in communion are 21. There is a Sabbath-school of 70 scholars and eight teachers.; The Church beg to thank the Union for their, liberality in the grant for the last year. "Goolwa.—To the Church here a grant was; made of £25. There are two services held on the Sabbath, but no week-evening meeting, the; Church being supplied by the Rev. J. Etothsm,: of Port Elliot. There is an average attendance at Sabbath services of 70, and there are 18' Church members. There is aSabb&th- schoolof; 40 scholars and five teachers. Thirty-six pounds was contributed during the year towards the pastor's stipend, and £2 remitted to. the-funds of the Union. 'It is utterly impossible,' the report says, 'to' form an opinion as to what Goolwa will be the next few .years owing to the: diversion of traffic to other places.' It will be,, quite obvious from this that improvement in any respect cannot be looked for at the present. time in the condition or work of our Church at this place. " Milang and Point Shirt.—£30 wasgrarited upon condition of these Churches ■ together ; raising £170. The condition (and more) has; been made good, for. the report now.receivsd' says—* The Church at Milang and its branch ; at Point Sturt desire to express their grateful feeling to the Committee for the very liberal aid afforded during many years past. As claims on the Home Missionary Society-are increasing they feel it their bounden duty to exert themselves to ! sustain the ministry of the Gospel among, them-. selves, which, by the help of Hod, they hope to accomplish. While thanking you for past assis tance we refrain from asking further aid, audit will afford us pleasure in future to render what assistance we can to the funds of your valuable Society, which wo commend to God's care and. blessing.' The neighbourhood of these two Churches has suffered greatly during the year from the removal of families to other and newer fields of farming enterprise, but notwith standing these Churches continue to be thus vigorous and courageous, and now assume the whole weight of their pecuniary obligations. " Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald . Mills. —£50 was granted to these Churches provided they raised between them £100.. They have raised for stipend £108 16s. 6d., and accordingly become entitled to the full grant.' Besides this they have together paid for lighting and cleaning £15s. Is,; for debt on Port Victor Church, £47 2s. fld.; and as a contribution to the London Missionary Society, £2 10s. 9d.; in all £174 lis. There are two services held at Port Victor and one at Bald Wilis every Sabbath, and at the former place a week-evening meeting. The membership at Port Victor is 22, and at Bald Hills 14. There is a Sabbath-school at each place, at Port Victor numbering 75 scholars and 8 teachers, at Bald Hills 51 scholars and 6 teachers. The report says—' During the summer season the attendance has been greatly increased by visitors, who have been seeking for health and recreation. We have suffered severely during several years past in the winter for want of ceiling, &c.;, at Port Victor. It is now our intention to make a vigorous effort to get the church finished aa early as possible. We shall need all funds that can be raised in the neigh bourhood for the purpose, and shall also be glad to receive assistance from friends sit a distance. The exodus ef farmers and others has not been so great during the past year, and those who remain have gathered in rather a better harvest; but it will require several good seasons forour friends to recover from the great losses sustained during so many years past.' It will be gratifying to all the friends of the Union to listen to such tones of hopefulness from a district which has so long had a place in their esteem as well as their care. " Kingston.—Though no grant was made to this Church this last year, yet a report has been received from it, as it continues to be in correspondence with the Committee, and is only not assisted because of their inability and ours to find a pastor for that field. There is a very good place of worship, an average atten dance of 50 notwithstanding the want of a pastor, a membership of nine, and a Sabbath school of 57 scholars and nine teachers. There are two services maintained every Lord's Day, and one week-evening meeting. They have raised £25 for one half-year's pulpit expenses, and contributed to the Union £2 5s. We are sure that this Church has the sincerest sym pathy of us all, and our hope and prayer is that ' their eyes may soon behold their pastor.' "Alma.—To this Church a grant was made at the beginning of the year of £40,_ or £10 more if the Church raised itself £70; but such was the success that immediately fol lowed the Rev. Mr. Dick's pastoral labours that this stipulated amount was reported to have been raiEed during the first six months. The report now_ to hand states that £100 has been raised towards the stipend, another £100 for the purpose of clearing off an old debt, and £7 has been contributed.to the funds of the Union. About three months ago Mr. Dick began to hold an afternoon service on the Sabbath at Hamley . Bridge, distant eight miles from Alma. So great has been his success in this new undertaking that already a church is built capable of seating 130, and so" much energy has been brought into ope ration in its behalf, and so much liberality exer-. eised, that it is hoped it will be opened entirely free of debt. At Alma a piece of ground has been purchased for the purpose of building a manse, which will probably cost between £500 and £600; but £150 has been already subscribed on the spot by the people themselves. Still, the chief support of the minister will come for the present on comparatively a few, and they ask for the continuance of the grant for one year more, after which they hope that the co-operation of Hamley Bridge will enable them to dispense with all further assistance. " Green's Plains.—It is now just six months since this Church had the satisfaction of having its first minister settled over it. It had formerly been under the care of the Rev. W. Wilson, of Kadina, who travelled once a fortnight on the Sabbath to supply it with an afternoon service. But immediately the Rev. R. G. Bayley went up an open door appears in Providence to have been awaiting him, and from 14 the membership mounted up to 40 ; the average attendance from 60 to 75 ; and instead of service being held only at the church there are three other places at which Mr. Bayley now regularly ministers. Assistance was granted at the time of Mr, Bayley's settlement to the amount of £25 for the half-year ending March 31. They have themselves raised at the rate of £140 a year towards the stipend, and they undertake this next year to raise £130 for stipend and £220 for repairing the church and building a manse. It is understood that the people have hand somely, and greatly to their own credit, made a present to Mr. Wilson of £20. When efforts so liberal are seen to be made by a people them selves the obligation is felt to become all the stronger to help and encourage them as far as may yet be required. There is one Sabbath school with 26 scholars and three teachers. "Border Town is another entirely new Church. The Rev. D. Milne, who was formerly our minister at Kingston, removed hither about twelve months ago, and assumed the formal oversight of the new congregation. Six months ago the people undertook the obligation to rise at the rate of £110 for the year towards the stipend, and a grant was made of £25 for the I period terminating March 31. The, Sabbath and week-day services are reported to be well attended, with the Sabbath-school getting into forking order. Another Sabbath-school is in tended to beopened, andin connection with itan afternoon's service arranged. Everything in the place hgs had to be commenced, all being new, but step by step whatever ovganization is needed is growing towards completion. " Houghton.—This station continues to_ be supplied by the agents of the Home Mission. The report says that' the attendance during the past year has been better than the previous one, and an increasing interest manifested by the people in the cause.' Mr. McEwin, who all along has stoo't by this place and laboured un weariedly fov its prosperity, begs, on behalf of the congregation, to express their heartfelt gratitude' to the agents who have ministered to their spiritual wants for so many years. " Shipley has been regularly supplied also by t'^e agents of the Home Mission Society. The attendance has been much the same as last year, which compared with former years was good. The Church is enjoying peace and harmony, and a warm interest in the place is being taken by members of the congregation. ' ttii* mM f chapel, w*a aom the tore ofthe Stow Chuinoh, built fa reported tfcat at services are being held. .v-.t; * ' t j. IS. .. month byofa brethren, (the M<r€ P.Barr, T^aenfaefaT^vesA jwy; JtofagtmM. "faiiKmng wpattittlt their visits are ne^ed^ittMl J&®7 ©eet iriA !« oourarement. V - >■ 4 ---* . . "Freelfag continues likewise "to be vfaitedfay the Rev. J. !<3\. MoMiohael, who conducts * montfayweek-evenfagaemoe fa the Wiaafeyaa Chapel to good congregation^. c; . £ <■ t t* ' r - ■ ! " Suchfa the etatomairt foaj'^Coiwaittoe'-iuivv to submit regarding their dfachargeof this part of . their' duties." It. ^iil beseen that while one or two Churches have hot madeprpgTOss doriag-the past year, the maj brity of them.&ave;, oUeofthw* dispensing' altogether with further' assistanov ftom'yoifafuhcLs, another expressing' the confi dent hope thataad willojflj be rejuired ode year more,T while in 1 two or three .instances .the progress, record^ls. really remarkable; wad greatiyencouragfag,- :. Thestafamenfc, it fa hoped, .will prove . abundantly jahsfaiBtoiy te you,and that it wiUatimulate wa friends:,of thflr union to contributeyet more munificently to ito funds, and thus enabletheGommittooto gw forward boldly to the' undertaking of -now aad more extomled evangelistic work. . .. > ■ ~: •-• ' 'fBUBIHESSBEMnmBD^CTECKWQHWBB. : "Tlw New Areas.—It .> may sbe remembered; ! that At: the last annual meetings a -raselutiM was carried instructing the Committee * to-held. , themselves in readiness to co-operate with, other" Christian denominations in Bupplyingnewiireas with the ministrations of the G-ospeL'i Injiur euanoe of this resolution, the Committee lostfae time in putting themselves in oommunicatfaa with, the Baptist Association and the Presbytery of South Australia. The Presbytery at ohee replied in the most fraternal spirit, cordially : agreeingtogo hand m hand with us .fa any a tops \- that inight be -mutually -devised ; for so impor- "' taut an .uhdertoking.The immediate practical \- result of this : correspondence -was the sending forth of the Moderator -of the ■ 'Presbytery, in company with the Corresponding Secretaiy of the Union, to look at the Northen Areas, "and to -utilizethe journey by preaching and visiting as far aspossible in the course of its progress. 'So far as this Union is conoemed.it is-^now due to the action then taken that .Green's Plains haa now a minister residing there,- with a Ichurcfc comparatively- newly started, with the pros perity already achieved, and the promisebeing . given-whibh have just been chronicled; . "Port Pirie is the aext~ place to "which: the. Committee have given^their' speoial . -attention,. and services have been conducted .there by the Revs. W. Wilson, J. MoBwin, F.W. Cox,'iJ.'Jefferis, and C. Hodge,''each havingpaida visit extending over one'OT'twO Sabbath, each month -for the last1 five months. An allotment of land! has beeni secured for A church, and' services will be 'regulariy1 provided every month until' a suitable pastor: nBS 'bhea obtained to - undertake1 the care of the" place. AlongwithPort Pirie on the occasion1 df these visits .Services have - also toon • held1 ht'Ifaura,' Belalie, Gladstone,' and: Georgetown," and ibis : proposed to secure an allotment in one 'of these townships that another centre af- pastoral labour - may be as aden as possible deternilned.v: " Ministers' Provident Fund;—Up to the 'date of-the last -annual -meetings' tiiis fund-was stiil unfonned,owing tothe nunimumsutn of I^L,#09 not being then in the TreasuiePs hands, Wid a motion was carried declaring the deoisive issue that if this amonnt was not in 'the hands of tiie Treasurer by next annual meetings, the money - should be returned to the donors. It will he gratifying to the friends'of; the Unioh to iearn that this amount (and more)1 haa been how obtained, and the fund only waitethe appmnb ment of the reqmsite number of trustees At'theto ... meetings to become available for its benevbleioit object. ' A. particular - report will bp given informing you of the details. - j: *--J " The Magazine.—At the half-yearly meetings, held last October, -the Rev.1 F. W. -Cer gare notice that he should resign the-Editorship of . our periodical At the end of the year. - It has now-passed tinder the care of the Rev. J. C. MeMichael, and is receiving more hearty .sup port both from contributors . and subscriber than it has done for a long time. "Additional Ministers;—Yarioas efforts kavs ' been made from time to time to -Obtain ^acpes> sions to the number of our ministers. Byhmans of advertisement, applying to the other colonies, and writing to . England -we have sought p>r fresh labourers. Wehave succeeded to soma extent in our applications to the coloniM, hut our appeals at ■ home have as yet met with" no suitable response. , " NOTES. ; .. : ' . "In reviewing the whole course-xfi eventa this past year as particularly affecting us, w» desire very humbly to express our gratitude to God for not permitting death in one instance!to thin the ranks of our' ministers..' We need, so. far as man can judge, all whom-we have, iuna wa praise and adore His mercy in spanug . etory one. "At the same time, however, we have abundant occasion for solicitude in regard to the mainte nance of our ministerial Btaff in an ade^uato state of efficiency. The Rev. Morgan Williams, who formore than 13 years nursed, an'd fed, and kept together, and reared to an admirable state of maturity our Church at Eapunda, has j usb found it necessary for the sake of rest to resign and seek for a change in one of the sister colonies. He is an able, scholarly, arid most re liable servant of the Lord, and it is but very til indeed that we can afford to lose him. "And then on the back of Mr. Williams's resigning there comes the' intimation, from Angaston that the Rev. John Gibson has decided to repair to England for the sake of Mrs. Gibson's health. We are sincerely sorty that such should be the delicate condition of ,Mrs.r Gibson's -health that medical advisers hare thought it necessary that" the home climate should be tried, but we are made to be .doubly' sorry when this involves the resignation and loas of a ministerial brother of Mr. Gibson's ability and usefulness. All know that he is a minister of first-rate ministerial powers, and not only within his own pastoral sphere, but over all the colony, have his' services been appreciated and. sought for. Well, we lose also him. "The Rev. C. W. Evan has again repaired to the old country in the hope that the voyage and: a temporary visit to England might yet farther re-establish his health. He has enjoyed some measure of improvement lately, and we are not ! without grounds for believing that if the change proves favourable to him he may undertake some " work on his return, upon doing which his heart continues to be set. " Then there is Clayton Chapel,. Kensington, which we had occasion to speak of fa last yeaifa' report as having just then sustained the loss-of its esteemed pastor, Mr. Griffiths, which has not yet fallen in with a suitable pastor j and Kingston, fa the South-East, is vacant. " Port Pirie, as the head-quarters of our latest evangelistic enterprise, will as soon as practicable require the settlement of a suitable pastor. So that altogether, when we review our Churches* pastoral needs we have occasion, we repeat, for some degree of solicitude for an adequate supply of good and faithful ministers. " The Rev. J. A. Dowie, who at this time last year had resigned the pastorate of-Alma Church, has how left the colony, and received a hearty - welcome in Sydney, where imone of the suburbs^ he is already settled and meeting with unwonted, success. " In view of all these losses through imfaiB terial changes we turn wtib 'a feeling iqf meeting1 with some compensation*to give s Christian wel come to the Rev. Thomas Hope, late of Bungay, England. Mr. Hope' oomes ont for hi&healtfa;, with the desire and expectation that th& climato will improve it, and* enable him to do somowork for Christ. 'WMlo-according to him a. brotherly greeting, we hope-that his expectations will11» fully realized, and that the Master will speedily locate him in that comer, of the vineyard whicli He wishes him to occupy.. ' "The Rov. W. Hopkins,, late- of' Mary borough, "Victoria, comes to supply for atim» the pulpit at Eapunda., We alto bid himi wel come, and, fa accord doubtless with his own heart, pray that God will make use of htm according to His wisdom in our- colony. " The Rev. A. R. Phil pa fa also bade among us, his name appearing fa the Victorian Tear Book of South Australia, though without a charge. "These accessions, although as yet not loaalljr or permanently distributed, we may'still regard as meeting to some extent our wants, and so mitigating our losses. May the Iiord Of tho harvest quickly assign them to their places, and send forth yet more labourers fato the harvest." BALANCE-SHEET. The statement of accounts, read by Mr. W. C. Buik, J.P., Finance Secretary, showed income, including a balance of £29 19s. from previous year, £388 2s. 8d.; expenditure, £366 2s. 2d. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T, Fiint read a very encouraging: report,-showing that the circulation had been increased during the year by 100 copies, and although it* was reckoned there would be a loss of £14 in supplying the next eight issues of the present year if the circulation remained as at present, it was hoped that further efforts would result fa making the magazine self-supporting. The report proceeded to refer to the objects of the publication and the peculiar advantages ti afforded as a means of collecting and dissemi nating information, both local and extra colonial, of special interest to Independents. CHAPEL BCXLTHNO SOCIETY1. Mr. S. Whitmore, the Hon. Seoretary, pre sented the accounts up to March 31, showing to® Wht due, £100 4s.j balanoe, £70 -* assets, £1,716 6s. fid. He also read , .cent by Mr. A. Gore, J.P.? showing the received sad expended in connection . /u the erection of the church in the Northern ■Territory. A balance was still owing to Mr.. "Hlorabnthe isocount. * . ■■* ' "SOMdSBSHB* PBOVIDKNT FtTND. ' Mr. J. A. jGhabtieb, in the.absence of the Aon. JR. A. Thrifcon, Treasurer of the Ministers' xjTCVidentiFund, read the following report:— : : "At our-last annual meeting the ministers taird delegates will remember that when, the, import of this fund was presented, very con aiderable disappointment was expressed at the want of progress, made in raising the 'amount required to complete the one thou sand ■ pounds necessary to fairly commence operations, and a resolution was carried that unless the amount, of £1,000 was forthcoming .prior to t^c next annual meeting the project 'should be abandoned and subscriptions 'returned. Tina resolution having been remitted to pour new Committee, they appointed throe of their members specially to take memo) to accomplish the object "desired. It a£f ords me pleasure to announce that by mcttar. of personal applications, circu lars, and&pper; ate in the columns of our Maga zine that tb ey have met with a snooeBsful response, m d that, there is now to the credit of that fund <» s per statement made up to 31st of March) the sum of one thousand and sixty-one pounds na/ i five pence <£1,061 0s. 5cL). It now becomes * necessary, in accordance with the rules, tha t trustees of the fund be appointed at the prase nt annual meeting ; you will therefore be asked to appoint three gentlemen to under take thr ,t office, and arrange for the permanent invests ,ent of the capital. In conclusion, I wenM express a hope that this institution' may becom e a valuable one to our denomination, that* >ur pastors will enrol themselves as mem *kn, and that further and continued adequate rpgjP .ort will be contributed." ' i * be amount (an per Treasurer's statement) now in baud, including interest, appeared to be ,065 10b. 4d. TJKION COLLEGE. The Rev. J. Jefeeeis, LL.B., having been f^waBed on by the Chairman, said—Union College *■ -does not belong specially to this body. There are three Churches of Christ that stand con nected with it—the Presbyterian, the Baptist, and the. Congregationabst. But since we are ihterated one-third in this partnership it was . deemed advisable that just a word or two ahould bo said. We have pursued the even tenor of our way. There are two professors or tutors, or whatever they may be called—myself and Mr. Mead. We have been delivering lectures weekly as in the two previous years. The coarse concerning secular knowledge was handed over to the University, and I am glad tc see theie is a probability of that being established. We have confined ourselves simply to the original intention in Union College— that of imparting theological knowledge. Mr. Mead undertakes the exigesis of the Greek Testament, and to myself has been assigned what has been somewhat vaguely termed Biblical and Church History." During the past session I passed in review all the various religions of the world that have come into oon taet at any period with Christianity. Duringthe present session I intend to deal with the -first three centuries of the Christian era. The stu dents last session were 25, and this session in all rrcbability the number will be about the same, only irish more of our young men would avail -themselves of the advantages which the College affords, for although I am somewhat concerned in the teaching, I venture to eay that those who attend will reap some benefit, and probably some considerable benfit, by doing so." A partof a hymnhaving been sung, the bene diction was pronounced and the proceedings closed. 