JesBie Trim. *5 B. Ii. FABJEON, AUTHOR OF 'LONDON'S HEART,' Ae. [The right ot publication baa been purchased by the proprirtow of the iSyiifwy Jfotf,] CHAPTER XLVII. i A Stbangs Djceah. i My mother and I stopped up talking until very late on this night. The future was not mentioned ; all our talk waB of the past. My mother recalled the reminiscences of her younger days, and dwelt upon them with affection. She drew pictures of her home when Bhe wbs a girl, and told me a great deal eoncernitfg her parents, and especially concerning my grandmother, of whom my own impressions were so vivid. As though she were living her life over again, she travelled from those days gradually to the day upon which she first saw my lather, and in tender tones related many mciaeras ui weir courts nip wnicn I had never before heard. She required a great deal of coaxing before, she would speak -of her courting days, but I led jber on artfully from one thing to an other, and listened to her with delight. On such oc casions as this my mother seemed to grow twenty yean younger ; her (ace grew fresher, rounder, ana in het eyes the soft light of youth lived again. Then came tbe description of her wedding-day, and she laughed or grew pensive as she recalled the names of those who were present, stopping occasionally, until I said, ' Yes, mother, and then,' — upon which she took up my words, saying, ' And then, my dear,' — and proceeded with her descriptions. When in the ?ourse of her narration^! came into the world, I was able to take alarger Are in the conversation, and I *0-M )bj experience to We weae fegr tuw ' t grave and merry, according to the nature of our re miniscences. My grandmother's peculiarities, her death, the search for the long stocking, and the picture of Snaggletooth ripping open the beds and the arm chairs, and sitting on the floor with his hair full of feathers ; then on to my father's burial, and my illness, and the removal farther and farther away from our native town until we found ourselves in London ? fcarcely anything, except what was painful, was left unspoken of. 'And there's an end to it all, mother,' I said, when we had brought the reminiscences up to the very sight upon which we were conversing. ' No, my dear,' she replied, with a tender shake of her head, ' not an end ; there are brighter days to come in my darling's life.' ' Do you know, mother, I said,' as I stood by her side at the door of her bedroom, ' I have often thought of grandmother's long stocking, and' fancied that one day we should find a treasure somewhere.' My mother laughed. ' Why, my dear, where on earth would you look for it ? We have not a thing left that belonged to your grandmother.' ' Yes, we have ; you don't forget that brown monkey-man that used to stand on the and wag its head at us ? ' ' I remember it perfectly, dear ebild ; you don't mean to say you have kept it all this time ? » ' It is in my box now ; I shall take it out to- night, and have a look at it.' *' You don't suppose ihe treasure is in that i ' said my mother, laughing. ' No ; though Jessie and I did think one day that we bad made a discovery. Good-night, mother.' ' Good-night, dear child, aud God bless you. Re member, my dear, there are brighter days to come, and your mother will live to see them.' That, before she went to sleep, she prayed for those brighter days, I was certain, but I scarcely dared to , hope that what she so fondly desired would ever taVf place. Before I went to bed I took from my box the stone image of the brown monkey-man ; it was at the very bottom of my box, whieh I had not opened for many monthB, for the reason that it contained all the sketches I had made of Jessie, and which I had put away when I lost her. But for these, and the tender thought which they excited, I should have given more attention to the Btone image, which looked uglier and more repulsive than ever. How such a hideous thing could be considered an ornament it puzzled me to think ; but it occurred to me that there were more flagrant violations of art than this. On the previous day I had seen a ghastly death's-head pin in the cravat j of a coxcomb, who seemed very proud of it. I set the image of the monkey- man on the mantelshelf, and 6lowly replaced the sketches in my box, lingering over them with fond regret. j Among them I found a sketch with the name ot ! ' Anthony Bullpit ' at the foot, and I remembered ; that it was a fancy drawing I had made of my grand- j mother's lover, after reading the account of his arrest j by the detective Vinnicombe, elsewhere narrated ; a sneaking figure was Anthony Bullpit, as I had repre sented him, with his hang-dog look and hxpocritjcal face, gnawing at his finger-nails. . I pushed it out of sight, and turned again to the contemplation of my sketches of JesBie, over which I spent a sad and tender quarter of an hour. Then, with a sigh, I closed the box and locked it, and went to bed. It was my habit of a night to lie awake for a few minutes with the candle alight on a chair close to my bed. Generally I passed these xninuteB in reading, but on this night ' I lay a-thynkinge,' and did not open my book. Directly opposite the head of my bed was the mantel shelf, with the smoke-dried monkey of a man in stone on it, and thiB was the last thing that pre sented itself to my sight before I blew out the light. Restless as I was with the events of the evening, and with the conversation which had taken place between my mother and myself, I was tired enough to fall asleep within a very few moments. But I was not too tired to dream ; my body was asleep, but my imagination was never more active. To me, the most wonderful feature in the: physiology of dreams has always been the fact that Time, the dominant and in exorable tyrant which rules and guides our course, and regulates the passions and emotions of life, is in our sleep utterly set at naught ; a lifetime is com preBBed in a moment, as it were, and between waking and sleeping a hundred years of history are played out. I think I must have dreamt ef every important event in my life, and of many in the lives of others ; they pre sented themselves to me without coherence or sequence, and there was but one consistent feature in my fancies — the figure of the monkey-man, which was never absent. I dreamt of Snaggletooth and Snaggle tooth's wife. She was relating the stories of the Cock lane Ghost and Old Mother Shipton, as she had re lated them in the kitchen on the night my father lay dying up-Btaixs, but in my dream she was not speaking to me, but to the monkey-image, which gravely wagged its head at her as she proceeded ; Snaggle tooth was running up and down the stairs, and poking in the oddest comerB, in his search for the long stock ing, and the monkey-man was assisting him frantic ally, running at- his heels, and tearing things open with fiendish haste ; I was in the mourning coach, following my father's body to the churchyard, and the monkey-man was sitting opposite to me, grinning at me ; Snaggletooth was carrying me out of the church yard, and as I opened my eyes, the monkey-man, squatting on Snaggletooth's shoulder, squinted at me. In the same way the image presented itself in every incident connected with Jeaaie and my mother and , Uncle Bryan ; and when I lay trembling in bed, and Jane Painter stood in my bedroom in the dark telling me Btories of blood and murder, the monkey-man prowled about the floor, and dropped from the ceiling, and crept from under my bed, and sat on my pillow with its ugly face illumined. When Jessie knocked at the shop-door, as she had done years ago for the first time, and my mother opened it, the monkey-man entered first, and jumped on to the table ; and on the night of the amateur performance at Josey West's the monkey-man was among the audience, seated in a place of honour. Suddenly all this chaos, of per sons and circumstances came to an end, and there were only my grandmother, and I, and the monkey -figure Bitting together. I was in my ?little low chair, my grandmother, very stately and grand, was in her arm-chair, and the monkey man was on the mantelshelf. Said my grandmother, in my dream, in a very distinct tone, ' He had aknob on tbe top of his head, and was always eating his nails.' I looked at the monkey-man for confirmation of her words, and it said, in a stony voice, ' He had a knob on the top of his head, and was always eating his nails.' After this confirmation, my grandmother continued, 'And the last time I set eyes on him was on my wedding-day. Again I looked at the mon key-man, and again it confirmed my graudraother's statement, but with a singular difference this time, ' And the last time we set eyes on him was on our wedding- day.' Which inference on the part of the monkey-man of being iny grandfather somewhat dis turbed me. Now, at this point of my fancies, what on earth brought old Mac, the actor, into the scene ? There he was, however, face to face with the monkey man, who questioned him as a lawyer would have done, 'What do yon say his name commences with? ' asked the monkey-man. 'It commences iruh a G.,' replied old Mae. 'And what is that habit of his 'that you say is a sign of ill-temper r' asked the monkey -man. ' Biting his nails,' replied old Mac; ' he is always at it.' By this time my dream has re solved itself into a court of inquiry ; the monkey-man is dmsed in a wig and gown, which do not hide his ugliness ; my grandmother, very broad and portly, sits as Judge, and I, it seems, am in some way the criminal whose case is being tried, for my grand mother nods her head at me continually, and says, ' Perhaps you will believe me now ; all these things happened oa my wedding-day.' Old Mac fades away, and is replaced by Turk West. ' Perdition to all professional money-lenders, I say,' he cries ; ' and if ever I believe again in a man with a handle on the top of hiB head, my name's not Turk West.' ' Hold your tongue,' calls out the monkey-man; 'who wants to know what your name is ? We'll came to names presently. When did you first discover the handle?' 'It isn't a handle,' says Turk, in cor rection, 'it's a knob.' My grandmother nods in con firmation. ' He had a knob on the top of hi6 head,' she says, 'and he was always biting his nails.' ' I don't 'know about that,' says Turk, ' bat his fingers are always at. kia moustache, and he is the sou of honour, and comes from a highly-respectable family.' 'That he -does,' adds ay grandmother. 'Poor Anthony ! He proposed and wished to run away with me, but my family stepped in and prevented him.' ' Very wrong,' says Turk, gravely ; ' wasn't his family respectable enough for them? The soul of honour ! ' ' Quite so,' says my grandmother. ' He told me, .after I had accepted this child's grand father ' (at this point of my dream I become suddenly a child, in a pinafore), 'that life was valueless to him without me, and that as he had lost me, he would be . ' sure to go to the devil.' 'Did he go?' asks the monkey-man. ' I always found him a man of his word,' replies my grandmother. 'Now attend to me, sir,' cries the monkey-man, in a bullying tone, turning suddenly upon Turk ; ' when did you say you first discovered this knob ?' ' Last Week,' replies Turk, ' when he sat in that chair ' (the chair comes into the dream), ' and told me to shampoo him.' ' 'You were surprised when you felt it ? ' asks the monkey-man. ' I was,' says Turk, ' and I asked him if he had knocked his head against something. He said, ' no, that he was born with it. ? And what was the 1 remark,' continues the monkey-man, levelling a threatening finger at me, ' you made to the prisoner at the bar?' 'I said,' says Turk, ' that that sort of thing runs in families, and that if he had it, his father must have had it before him.' Suddenly, and sb if it were quite in the natural order of things, we are all listening to the statement of a new witness who has risen in Turk's place. ' I am an officer in the detec tive force, and my name is Vinnicombe. From infor mation received, I went to Liverpool, and tracked Anthony Bullpit on board the Prairie Bird, bound for America. ' It's ne use making a noise about it,' I says to him, as I slipped the handcuffs on him ; ' I want you, Anthony Bullpit. You sha'n't be done out of a voyage across the sea, but Botany Bay's the place as'll suit you best, I should think.' ' Here my grand mother brindles up, ' You're an infamous designing creature,' she screams. ' He is no more guilty than I am.' ' He pleadB guilty at all events,' is the de tective's reply. ' That iB to spite me,' says my grand mother, ' and to prove that he'B a man of his word.' Then, by quite an easy transition, the Court and the crowd fade away, and my grandmother, I, and the monkey-figure are again in the little parlour, and she is saying to me, 'Your grandfather has much te answer for, child. Mr. Bullpit was transported for twenty-one years. Some wicked people said it was a mercy he wasn't hanged. If he had been, I should never have survived it. Poor Anthony ! ' ' You would like to have a peep at him, I daresay,' says the monkey-man to me, my grandmother having disap peared ; ' come along, I'll show him to you.' And in the same moment we are peeping through the key hole of Turk West's shop-door at the figure of Mr. Glover, wh© sits in the chair with his fingers at his lip3. Here a sudden movement or noise partially awakes me. W ith all the details of this strange dream in my mind I lay for a few moments half-asleep and half-awake, endeavouring to bring the confused particulars into some kind of order ; but the only thing that was clear to me was the connection that had been created be tween Anthony Bullpit and Mr. Glover. As I gradu ally returned to full consciousness, thiB connection seemed to become something more than a fancy. That the knob on Anthony Bullpit's head, of which I heard so much from my grandmother's lips in my young days, was, reproduced, according to Turk West's testi mony, on the head of Mr. Glover, was certainly no fancy; Anthony Bullpit bit his nails; Mr. Glover had the same objectionable habit. Stranger discoveries were made every day than the discovery that Mr. Glover was Anthony Bullpit's son. If this were so, what became of Mr. Glover's boa6t that there was not a stain upon his good name, and that his character and the character of all his family were above reproach? It occurred to me here that his ardent desire to make people believe thiB sprang from the fast that he had something disreputable to conceal. What made me so anxious in the matter was, that if there were a solid foundation to the suspicion, and if I could prove a connection between Mr. Glover and Anthony Bull fit, the eonvict, then I had a lever in my hands which could use to good effect against Mr. Glover — a lever which I believe would cause him at once to cease his ' attentions to Jessie, That he had laid her under an obligation to him was evident, and he might be in clined to persecute her in consequence. The lever I Bpeak of wsb the printed account by Vinnicombe, the detective, of the arrest and conviction of Anthony Bullpit for the robbery from the bank. I rose and lit the candle, and taking the mouldy old psper from the hollow of the Btone monkey-figure, I read it carefully. I was particularly struck in the reading by the description given by the detective of the peculiarity in Anthony Bullpit's teeth. If that peculiarity existed in the teeth of Mr. Glover, it would be almost impossible to resist the conviction that he was Anthony Bullpit's son. I set to work at once, and made a fair copy of the ' Remarkable Dis covery of a Forger by the Celebrated Detective, Mr. VinnieombeJ,' At 9 o'clock in the morning I was in Turk West's shop, with the manuscript in my pocket. CHAPTER XLVHI. Exit Ma. Glover. Turk regarded me with surprise. ' An early visitor, Chris,' he said. ' Yes,' I answered ; ' I have come on some very particular business. When do you pay the balance of your debt to Mr. Glover ? r' 'I expect him here at 12 o'clock. I shall pay hin then.' ' Can you give me half-an-hour or so of your un divided attention, Turk ? ' ' Certainly I can *, a couple of hours, if you want them.' ' Then sit down, and read this quietly,' I said, handing him the Ronarkable Confession, ' and don't make a remark upon it until you hava finished.' He read it attentively, aad returned it to me with, a thoughtful look. ' It is cut from ma old newspaper, printed a geod many years ago, Turk. Do you find anything singular in it-? ' I do ; something very sfoguha1 indeed ; but how oa earth did jou mbw across it, Chrit i ' ' I will tell you that another time. First, I want to know what it is that strikes you as singular in account.' Well, Chris, there's the knob in this BulWv head- — ' »? Yes, Turk.' 'Mr. Glover has one precisely similar on his head.' I could scarcely reBtrain the expression of my satis faction at this proof that, without prompting w thoughts were taking the same direction as mine. ' Yes, you told me so, Turk ; and that sort of thine nins in families, you said.' ® ' I did say so, and I think so.' ' Mr. Glover said he was born with it.' ' Yes, he told me so distinctly,' said Turk, with » puzzled look. ' That's all right, then. What else do you fini singular in it, Turk ? ' ' Well, there's that habit of Anthony Bullpit's ©f biting Mb nails. Mr. Glover does the same.' ' Yes ; anything else ? ' I asked eagerly. ' Well, Chris, the teeth. Mr. Glover's two middle teeth in his top jaw have just the kind of slit between them that caused the detective to discover Anthony Bullpit, for all his disgmse.' 1 I uttered an exclamation of triumph. 'New, what do you make of all this, Turk ? Do you think it possible that such remarkable peculi arities can exist in two men without there being a relationship between them ? Turk, as sure as I stand here, Mr. Glover is Anthony Bullpit's son. Don't interrupt me. If he is a conyict's son, what becomes of his good character and his unblemished 0f which he is always preaching, as you know ? He trades upon it, Turk— be trades upon it; and if it were made public that his father was a forger and a connoted thief, it would be the greatest blow he could receive. This man is a scoundrel, Turk ; a scoundrel a&d; a hypocrite.' ' I believe he is, Chris,' said Turk, earned away probably by my hot wo«ds ; ' but what good caa come ef exposure — what good to you, I mean ? ' ' Why, Turk, are you blind ? Can't you see that I can make the best use in the world of this strange dis covery ? ' I told bim rapidly what had passed between old Mae and me, and the opinion which the old actor entertained of Mr. Glover, and then I developed my own plan of action. ' It is very simple, Turk. I want Mr. Glover im mediately to cease his attentions to Jessie, whose eyes according to old Mac's account, have only lately been opened to hiB real character. Jessie, I have no doubt, iB under obligations to him ; and he may take advan tage of thiB to persecute her. If he does this, I shall expose him ; but I shall first give him a chance of withdrawing himself voluntarily. I think there will be no reason to fear that he will prove an active enemy ; the proof that I hold will take the sting oat of him— — ' ' But,' interposed Turk, ' what if these personal marks should be mere coincidences, and no relation ship exists between Anthony Bullpit and Mr. Glover ? ' ' We shall learn that very soon,' I replied. ' I shall send him this copy of the Remarkable Discovery with a few words of my own. If he is quiet after their receipt, we may be sure that our suspicions are correct. 1 know that he is a scoundrel — I have been convinced of that all along, Turk, notwithstanding your defence of him — and I believe him to be a coward. We shall see. Will you let me be present while you are paying him the balance you owe him ? ' ' I have no objection, Chris.' ' And if I happen to say something to him—some thing to the point — you'll not mind, perhaps.' ' Say whatever you like, Chris, my boy.' ' I want a promise from you, Turk. Not a word of all this to Jessie.' ' All right, Chris.' Exactly at 12 o'clock Mr. Glover entered the shop. I was in the back room, and I listened quietly to the few words that passed, in the course of which Turk told Mr. Glover that he was enabled to pay him the balance of the account between them. Mr. Glever said that it might stand, if Turk wished, but Turk insisted on paying him, and produced the money. As Mr. Glover was signing the receipt, Turk threw open the door of the room in which I was sitting, and said. ' Chris, perhaps you would not mind witnessing Mr. Glover's signature.' Mr. Glover looked up with anger in his face, and our eyes met. I quietly placed my name on the paper as a' witness, and the*, with a glance at Mr. Glover's signature, I handed the paper to Turk. ' So now, Turk,' I said, with a smile, ' I am your creditor instead of Mr. Glover,' I saw that Turk did not understand why I made this apparently unnecessary statement. ' Oh,' said Mr. Glover, with a sneer, ' it is your money, then, with which Turk West has paid his debt ! ' ' Yes,' I replied. ' Turk is safer in my hands than in the hands of a money-lender who charges sixty per cent. What was it you said yesterday, Turk ? Perdition to all professional money-lenders, wasn't it ? So say I.' Mr. Glover glanced from me to Turk, and froift Turk to me, while his face grew dark with passion. 41 1 have been thinking, Turk,' I continued, regard ing Mr. Glover steadily, ' what would be the value of a receipt for money paid, supposing the name of the person at the foot of the paper is not his own. How would it stand in law, Mr. Glover ? Supposing a person whose real name was Bullpit ? ' I saw instantly that the shot had taken effect. The dark shade of passion disappeared from Mr. Glover e face, which was now quite white. Added to this, the startled exclamation which[escaped him was a sufficient confirmation. ' You shall hear from me,' he said, iu a thick voice, as he turned to leave the shop. ' You shall hear from me first,' I replied ; ' withi* two hours I will leave a letter for you at your house. I wrote my letter at once in Turk's shop. The sub stance of it was that I enclosed & copy ot an account ef the arrest and conviction of a criminal well known in Hertford many years ago ; that this criminal had oa his person peculiar marks whieh were almost certain to be transmitted to his children ; that tlis history ot this criminal was known only to me and Turk West » that the secret of it would be faithfully kept u tn# person to. whom my letter was addressed vould imme diately cease to honour with his attentions any of tae lady friends of the writer ; and that if this condition were not accepted and carried out in its full letter ana spirit, mean6 would be immediately adopted for mar^ ing public the Remarkable Discovery, and the su - sequent history of the forger and thief. I did n mention any names, but Turk West said that Mr. Glover would .understand my meaning. I et(; . letter with its enclosure at Mr. Glover's house, a received no answer. Three days afterwards Turicc to tell me that Mr. Glover had left on a tour v- GcnuBuy* § ' I have other newa for you as well, he said , theatre in which Jessie was to have appeared is a French company for three months.' . I asked Turk no questions, remembering vb® , bad said as to his being on his parole,, but l w®7 that day with a heart less sad than it had bee many a leng month past. 