MR RICHARDSON AT WORK AGAIN. MR. EDWARD RICHARDSON, who came out with immigrants in the Ramsey last year, writes to the Laborers' Union Chronicle of Nov. 1 as follows:— Sir,—Thinking that a few particulars con cerning emigration and Queensland might be of interest to your readers, I enclose a brief outline of facts gathered from hard, practical experience. " How, when, and where to emigrate," the daily thought of hundreds of farm laborers. Mr. Arch is in Canada preparing the way, and I have recently returned from Queensland, and to that colony the way is prepsred. America, New Zealand, and Adelaide no doubt offer substantial attractions, but only having expe rience of Queensland, I must leave others to deal with their respective favorite places of resort. Two hundred and fifty laborers, married and single, including domestic servants, went out under my immediate superintendence, as has been reported in the Chronicle. With the -exception of sea sickness, common to all, we had no epidemic to cause alarm throughout the voyage. With regard to the accommodation, it was excellent; the strictest privacy was reserved to families in the construction of the berths. The provision was plentiful, and good in quality—all that was Advertised. Still, I would recommend persons to provide themselves with any little comfort that will keep for use during the voyage—bacon, onions, condensed milk, in fact any light article that the emigrant has a special craving for. We left the East India Docks March 28th, crossed the Line April 28th, rounded the Cape May 28th, and dropped anchor in Moreton Bay, June 28th, being only 84 days from the Lizard —a very fast passage, going over 16,000 miles of water. No land was sighted during the voyage, and for four consecutive weeks after crossing the Line not a sail was made. One day the patent log registered 303 miles, and 16 knots in one hour. The captain, officers, and crew were kind and considerate to the passengers. No case of insubordination, abuse, or immorality occurred to my knowledge during the voyage. More persons cried when leaving the ship than upon embarking. Upon arrival at Brisbane we were warmly welcomed, and as much so by the laborers and mechanics as by the employers; this, I thought, was a good sign. It is truly said that things sure the reverse there to what they are here. Here the employers look upon me as one of their bitterest enemies ; there they treated me as one of their best friends. What is here so anxiously and expensively obtained, is there abundant and cheap—l mean bread and meat. All the single girls were engaged a few hours filer arrival, at wages varying from £15 to £30 per annum, and mostly engaged by gentry in and around Brisbane. The single men and families, some with six young children, were all away at their new homes within a week. While they remained disengaged they were comfortably located and liberally boarded, free of expense, in the Government dep6t. During my stay the greatest anxiety was manifested by the squatters, farmers, and planters, that I should see and examine the colony, its homes, and its products for myself. I did so. Travelling 800 miles by coach and other vehicles, 400 by rail and horseback (a good horse may be bought for £4), 150 on foot —over 1000 in all, visiting on the road 23 farms of different tizes ; 11 sugar plantations, 3 cotton districts, 3 sheep stations, and several nursery gardens. Nearly every day I fell in with the Ramsey emigrants, and all appeared happy and satisfied with the change. During my stay the climate was most exhila rating. l am sorry that my promises of return prevented my longer stay. The tales about the treachery of the natives and the dangers of the bush are simply tales— as true as any ghost tales that were ever told. Whenever I mentioned the dread that we at home have of blacks, wild dogs, or mosquitoes, it elicited a general laugh from the company. I hope to speak of the products of the colony in my next letter. I have been to Queensland; have stayed there five weeks, and have returned—in six months from starting. If circumstances so directed I would willingly accompany another ship load as proof of my confidence in the colony. In the mean time, any good laborers, especially Union men or young single girls, who desire to emigrate, can write me for fullest in formation.—l am, &c;, Edward Richardson Brisbane House, Aylesbury. The same journal, in its reports from the various branches of the Union, contains the follow ing notices of Mr Richardson's proceeding, to gether with a long report of his meeting at Aylesbury, an account of which has already j appeared in our columns:— Aylesbury District (Bucks )— A meeting of the committee of this district was held on Ootober 25, when all the members were present. The secretary stated that a large number of men had migrated, and several had emigrated. The committee determined that the Union grant to emigrants should be given to families one week before the ship sailed, and to single men three days, subject, however, to the opinion of the branch officers. In consequence of the good reports from Queensland, it is expected a large number will emigrate to that colony. Mr. Richardson, who has recently arrived from that colony, was unanimously elected delegate for the district. Bye-laws were framed for the branches, copies of which will be forwarded to each, and these must be strictly adhered to. Long Crendon (Bucks)—On Thursday last, after a notice of a few hours had been given of the arrival of Mr E. Bichardson from Queensland, the Star Inn Club-room was filled in the old style. Mr Richardson was warmly received, especially by the many friends of the fifty emigrants who left that place under his care. Numbers of friends in the room had let ters with them which fully supported Mr Richardson in every statement he made concern ing the beautiful colony of Queenlaad. The Union men appeared to regain the old spirit, and numerous fresh applications were made to leave by the next ship. Thame (Oxiobdshirx). —Notice having been given that Mr E. Richardson (the Bucks agi tator) would address the friends of the Ramsey emigrants in the Market-place, on Sunday afternoon, October 26, about 1500 people assembled and listened throughout with the greatest decorum to a lengthy explanation of the welfare of those so recently left by the speaker in Queensland. Numerous questions were asked concerning those from Thame and district. Mr Richardson, without the assist ance of a book, or any hesitation, gave minute details of the work, wages, food, and address of all that were enquired after. The account given by Mr Richardson exactly corresponded with the information given by those present from private letters, to the great delight of the parents, and the great mortification of a few farmers, who had hoped that the ship and agitator had been long since cast away on a desert shore. The Union men were exhorted to rally on, and not to flinch from the battle when victory was plainly in the horizon. A collection on behalf of G. Dickens, who had returned from Brazil, was then made, and amounted to £1 7s 4d. Great Milton (Oxfordshire).—On Sun- day eveuing last, after our old friend, Mr Richardson, had finished his address at Thame, he drove over to Great Milton, where a large crowd, chiefly the friends of the Ramsey emigrants, were collected on the village green. Notwithstanding the many questions that were asked concerning emigrants from Milton, Hazeley, Worminghall, Ickford, Holton, &c.;, Mr Richardson entered fully into every case, and was mostly enabled to state how, when, and where he had left each individual. The good results of the Union were proved in the reduc tion of the surplus labor, few, if any, laborers being out of employ in that parish ; also they could hardly object to pay their twopences when the emigrant friends received now such liberal assistance from the National. The meating was orderly throughout, and lasted two hours. 