THE STATE OP MINING. Mining bas never been in so sickly a Btate as it is at present, at leaet from the business point of view. Brokers and speculators meet day after day under the Verandah, at the neenive, anu tne Corner, where, at no distant time, men hurried to aud fro, buy ing and selling, they now loiter as having no business, except to gaze on the passers on the other side "doing tho block." Broker asks broker, in a eort of desponding tone, " How long will this last!" aud the more san guine reply, that the rush will oome again— j like a thief in the night — when least ex pected. But time passes, and the Bame dreary blank .is presented, until tbo wonder is when the Verandah will present a pavement clear of brokers and specu lators. At Sandhurst, where hundeds were wont to congregate, under the golden beehives of Buick and Co.'s establishment, there is only the ghost of the tremendous crowd that lived and had their being there, and made money in tho golden days of, 1871. At Ballarat there is nothing doing, and the once lively Corner is a mockery. Yet the mineB in all parts of tho colony are turning out very fairly, and from time to time progressive mines are developing into dividend-paying claims. How, then" coms3 this decadence of business ? The readiest answer to this is, over-specu lation. In 1S71, the greatest mining excite ment that ever took place in Victoria culmi nated. Encouraged by tho wonderful - re turns of some of the Sandhurst mines, the people rttBhed madly into Bcrip. Becauee- thp Extended Bustler's came upon a reef of unexampled richness, advantage was at once taken of the opportunity, and all the ground south of that claim wa3 turned into companies, the scrip of which was at ones rushed up to fever prices. People bought this scrip, not as an investment, but simply on tho chanoe of sell ing out at higher figures, never taking the calls to come into their philosophy. The same, course of events transpired on the Garden Gully Reef. Because tho Golden Fleece suddenly turned out well, another rash was made upon tho southern ground, and it was taken up for miles, and of course scrip was manufactured. Things of course went merrily for a time. But the speculators some- what resembled selectors. A man takes up a block of land, and spends alibis available capital in buying and fencing it. connpAnsntlw when the timo comes to cultivate it, ho has no means. So the speculator bought into these progressive mines — the greater number con hardly be dignified with that name— at high rates, aud when tho calls came he conld not pay them. Consequently, he had to realise some of bis stock. The movement took place through the forc'ng of tens of thousands of really valueless scrip on the market, and had the effect of at once destroying business; Down the shares came, and tho unfortunate holders, unable to get back even a fraction of the money paid, had to allow them to be for feited, and thus lost all. The amount of money that has gone in this way can hardly be calculated. The most of it has merely gone to pay legal managers, clerks, scrip manufacturers and the liko, instead of being devoted to the development of the mines. So it may be set down as utterly and irrevoc ably lost to tho country. The persons who parted with their money in this way have become embittered against mining, and will not be persuaded easily to have anything to do with it again. A similar state of things ocoured at Stawell. Because tho North Cross Ueef there, after years of work, obtained groat returns, all the ground was Robed upon as equally valuable, and companies wore formed right and left. People never bore in mind the great fact in connection with quartz mining, that it is an industry requiring years of development. They listened to tho lieB of interested parties, who only placed before them tho hope of renlising on the shares, and now they find themselves miserably deceived. The great aaiDing men have steadfastly kept out of these bubble companies, and consequently have been able to lay their hands on the bulk of tho dividends, so that tho outside public haB had to pay calls and receive no returns. It is the more to he regretted because, undoubtedly, many of the claims started are really good, and will, when the proper amount of developmental work has been done, prove very valuable. Their pro gress is, however, retarded by the general bad odor into which mining has fallen. There is no immediate remedy for the present state of matters. Mining has settled down to legitimate work at present, and as there ara no startliag discoveries, very few shares change hands, and, perhaps, it is just as woll. Tho brokers and speculators have themselves to blatno. They rushed the business that Bhould extend over years into a few months. Thov will now have to wait I' a long time for the turn of tho tide, nnd ore 1 it oomes, unless a semi-miracle takes place, many of them will have gone down into the depths of the soa of insolvency. 