The debato in the Legislative Assembly, on tho matter. of tlib release of Gardiner, and a number of tho parties who aro suffering im prisonment for bnshranging, was characterized byan amount of bad temper, and bad language, that was to say the least of it disgraceful. That all the measures and Acts of the Go vernment should not meet with the approval, of their political opponents is not to be .ex pected j ir.deed, a; good opposition is .very necessa'-y .for keeping a check on the Ministry, and securing healthy legislation ; but when men differ in their opinions it is by no means vequisite that they should show their dif ference by tho use of languago more fit for a fish-market than an Assembly of gentlemen. When tlio menders of our Legislative As sembly were elected by their constituents, to sit in'Parliament as tlieir representatives,' it was believed that they were to set an example of good conduct, and show that they appre ciated the honor conferred on tliem, by tem perate language, and gentlemanly conduct.. But when they so far forget the code of etiquette for gentlemen, as to turn tho Parlia ment into a bear garden, they assuredly for feit all claim to tho respect of the community. The use of such terms as 'hound,' ' traitor,' ' cowardly,' ' sneaking,' towards each othor shows a very great want of good breeding, and proves that those who'can speak so would be more at homo in n cockpit, or tho society of drunken rowdies, than in the Legislative Hall. What makes the matter worse too is that tho members, who spoke thus, are ex ceedingly anxious to displace the present occupants of tho Ministerial Bonches, and occupy tho scats, so vacated, themselves. They may rest assured of the fact that they never will commend themselves to the country by such a course, and wo should be glad, to see all such men out of Parliament, and most certainly would regret to see them guiding the ship of state. Let our legislators remember they have more to do than pass laws for the government of the country ; they have to show their fellow colonists that they have been educated as gentlemen, and- though they strenuously oppose measures, which are. not in accordance with tlieir judgment, or political creed, still they can do so without forgetting what is demanded of them as gentlemen. We are certain that if the mem bers who indulged in such a display of bad temp.er, and intemperate language, during the debate on Gardiner's release, had used similar expressions on tlie hustings, or at any of their political meetings, they would not have been returned to Parliament. lliere ? is lar more regard in the colony for uprightness and decorous conduct in members of Parlia ment than may be surmised, and he who ex pects to commend hiiriself to the public by flying into a passion, and hurling bad names at his political opponent, makes a great mis take if ho thinks he will be approved of. It is an honor to an electorate to have a gentle man as its representative, and electors are not slow to know this fact. No doubt but the question under discussion has awoke a great amount of feeling throughout tho country, and nerliaDs the maioritv of the people are opposed to the proposal of releasing those felons before the full time of their sentence I has expired. But there .is no political meaning to be attached to the proposal,, and it was foolish in their opponents to call on the Ministry to. dissolve Parliament — and go to the country on tlie matter. The Go vernment is strong in acinerems, -iuu 11 a vote of want of confidence motion should be proposed, it would be found that a good working majority would be secured for the present Ministry. If their policy is not that of the majority, let them dissolve tho House, and go to tlie country, or else vacate their seats for the men who can command the greatest number of adherents ; but to put the colony to the expense of a general election 011 such a question, as the one which evoked such an outburst of bad feeling, would be more than folly, it would be condemnable. We have already expressed our mind on the subject, and we see no reason for altering it after all that has been written and spoken by those who take the opposite view. The great argument (Jf those who refuse to sanction the release of these felons, is that by expatriat ing them, we expose other countries to the danger of their society. It would be better for us then to let them to stay in confinement-, and when they have finished their sentence,, that we should keep them amongst our selves to pollute our children if they are still unroformed. There is not much danger of their being still desirous of becoming high waymen when they have got their liberty, for thev know well that if they arc again taken prisoners, and convicted of such crimes, that they will forfeit liberty for the remainder of their natural lives, if they do not expiate their crimes on the scaffold. The course taken by the Government, in this matter has, we aro certain, been deliberately taken, aud the country may rest assured that their honor and the public weal are safe in the hands of liis Excellency and his political advisers. We regretted to sec^ the treats ment which Mr. T. Robertson, the member for the Hume district, received at the hands 'of a few excited and turbulent members, when the discussion took place. The hon. gentleman came put of the affair, however, in a way creditable to him, as a truthful and honourable man, and we should have been much disap pointed had it been otherwise. It is to be hoped that we shall have no more such scenes in our Assembly,' as they are calculated to lower tho respect which the public should feel for it, and to degrade it. in tho eyes of other colonies. : It will not bo a strange thing if wo find some persons prose cuted at our petty sessions for using filthy languago, pleading tho bilingsgate of cortain members of Assembly as an cxcuse for their misconduct. We expect to hear of tho delinquents in this acrimonious debate expressing their sorrow for having- been in a moment of heated passion, betrayed into the use of such ungentlemanly and rude lan guage; ? ' Masonic Hall. — Performance on Friday. Bank BalanceJ — Tlio Australian Joint Stock Bank at Hay will be closed this! day (Wednesday, July 1) for tho half- yearly balance. Customers will please send in their passbooks to bo made up. ( Advt.) '. Land Sale.— Mr. Butterworth will soli 011 Saturday, 4th July, a. quantity of building lots in Hay. This will bo afino opportunity for working men and others to purchase land whereon they may erect cottages and. live rent free. To have a comfortable homo is a good thing, but to have such a home. of ones own is better still ; we therefore hope that this opportunity of securing land will not be let slip. Stock Agency.— Mr. Wilkinson, of the firm of Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin and Co., of Wagga, has come to Hay to establish a branch of their business herd. The firm lias the name of bqing one of the most pusliing in the trade, and are likely to add considerably to the business of Hay. Wo give them a hearty welcome, and wish them prosperity. Lacjilan Diggings. — Our correspondent writing from Forbes says :— I am -detained in Forbes on acconnt of the frightful stato of tho weather, it has done not much more than rain for tlie last fortnight, and - I have to go . on to Young beforo I start back. I have been. looking at the hew rush, 14 mil 63 from Forbes ; tlioro aro a great many people on the ground, and there are about two miles of claims on gold, the sinking is in dry ground, from. 73ft to 80ft ; those thfit have washed up have about loz to l-Joz to tho load. I saw twenty-five twenty-eight ounce nuggets taken out of one claim, Hot so bad. There is no stock news ; not many cattle moving ; store cattlo 'would find plenty of buyers at a good prico. Hay Hosi'ital for the w ceelc ending June 30th. — Admitted, 4 ; discharged, 4 ; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 16. Received. — ' Report on the infectious and contagious diseases in stock provailing in Europo : together with directions for inoc culation for pleuro-pneumonia ; by Alex. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock for New South Wales.' Published by the Govern ment Printer, Sydney ; price, one shilling. This is a very useful pamphlet, and ought to be in the hands of every stock owner in the colony. Wo will give extracts from , it on our fourth pago next week. Mail Tenders wanted for tho route be tween Euabbalong and Lake Ctidgellico, twice a week. Tenders to be in Sydney by 5th August. Brands Act. — An amendment act was assented to on 11th June, the salient points of which are : — That the chief inspector of stock is in future to be registrar of brands. The powers possessed 'by constables under section 17 of the original act, are conferred upon all inspectors of sheep. The registers of brands are now to be kept, and the work of registration carried'out in the office of the Chief Inspector, Sydney., The proviso at the end of section 17 6f the original act is re pealed, and every drover must now carry and produce a delivery note .; this, however, will not apply to any stock which started prior to tho passing of the Amending Act, Those cattle only which are not described, or in correctly described in the drover's delivery note (and not the whole mob .in his posses sion), are to be impounded. On the appre hension of the drover, the justices may for ward the cattle corrcctly described in the de livery note to their destination, at the owner's risk and expense. Hay Ferry. — ill- Frank Johns is about to . transfer his interest in the Hay Punt to Mr Reid, who will carry it on until the open of the new bridge, which is likely to take place in a month. Hay Land Office, .Juno 25.— William Rochford Elliott, selected 120a at Hay . population' boundary, on the Booligal road.' Police Court, Juno 26. — James M'Cue, for drunkeness, admonished and discharged. 29 th, Samuel Kelson, larceny as a baillee, re manded to Melbourne. ; Mr H. C. Viviain has taken Mr York's shop, which he will open, as a; nowspaper agency office, in connection . with -his other business. . ? Building Society. — Ihore was a meeting, of members of this new society held at tho Court-house on Friday night, when the rules as revised by the sub- committee were read over, and approved of after a lengthened dis 'cussion, during which everything that oc curred to -the gentlemen present was carefully considered and argued pro and con. It is expeoted that the society will commence business on the 1st of. August ; and, as Hay is a rising town, a prosperous carecr may be confidently -expected for the ' First Hay Building Society.' Bushmen's Club. — The Rev. C. Fether stoneliangh has taken the estaalishment of this, needful institution in hand, and issued a prospectus for a capital of £5000, 111 £1 shares. We will give tho prospectus next week. ? Joachim v O'Siiannassy. — It seems that this important case will not reach the Privy Council for final adjudication. There are three cases, and as the jury in Deniliquin only awarded damages of £l00-on each case, and the lowest amount authorising an appeal to the Privy Council 13 £500 ; these cases do not come within tho amount. They can not be joined together, nor can tho costs of the actions be added to the damages, nor havo the. Court the power to increase the damages, so as to enable the defendant to appeal. The cases are, therefore, at an end, except some private arrangement can be made between tho litigants (which is not very likely), to enable tho appeal to be 'made ; or that the counsel and court can discover some some way of evading the law on tho matter. It is a pit y that the question cannot be settled finally, for there are' great intorests involved, and .much excitement abroad on the whole matter. Musical.— A grand whistling match took place at Mr W. L. Smith's Bee Hive Store, 011 Wednesday night last, between Mr W. II. Lovell ancl Mr W. Thompson. The wager was to be decided in favor of the one .who whistled the airs of three named tunes most, acurately to music. Mr Smith acted as um pire. Mr Lovell commenced by singing, in stead of whistling (which was not objected to), Captain Jinks, Tho Blighted Gardener, ' and My Darling Mignonct. Mr Thompson then came forward, and whistled a verse of each of the above sonsrs. Mr Lovell seemed verv bashful, but sang his verses very correctly, both to tune and time. Mr Thompson was also a little timid in coming forward, but whistled his versos like a lark. Mr Smith decided in favor of Mi- Lovell. A return match was then entered into, to come off in a week, both parties to either sing or whistle. ', -The Rice/ TnourE.— A 'number of gentle men finding that the lengthened stay in Hjy of Mr Fred Rico and his company had not left them over flush of money, after paying all debts duo by them (which they, to their honor, did), determined to give them a . bene- fit. Mr Carter, of- the Crown Hotel, acted most liberally, we are told, lie- gave them board for some days gratis, arid the theatre free of.cost. Tho public came out in large numbers, cramming the theatre to the ceiling: Mr. Dan Murray, who is always tlioro when a benefit is to be given to any worthy object, performed to the great delight of- the audience — -some 01 whom whispered that he ought to 'have a benefit in recognition of his numerous gratis performances for public in stitutions, and wo suppose the idea will - take shape by aud byo, and the inimitable Dan have a bumper house to himself — in tho song of. his own composition, ' Broken Down,?' ho was ,'clioered to the echo., Mr Thompson danced, in fine style, tlio Silver Bolt Jig. Mr Smith, of tlio Beehive Store, gave his valuable assistance on , the violin, Mr B Smyth on tho piano, and Mr Plummor on the cornet. The opening overture, ' The Caliph of Bagdad,' and the violin duett, Mr W. L. Smith 1st, and Mr Plumincr 2nd, were especially admired. With such a. combination of talent, as may bo guessed, the music was grand. So was Mr Ricb, in his song of tho .', Bobby,' he was 'grand,' loud roars of applause following every ono of the numerous verses-; ho sung it1, tin .^.liaracter, and was done up to the -life, .'ixiss Fanny Rice, in-her numerous characters in ' How to keep a Place,' waf rewarded with rap turous applause, and altogetfier slio has proved horsolf a very pleasing actress. Mr Bourke, a gentleman of1 multifarious talents, won great praise by his performances of the ghost and Joab in the afterpiece. Mr C. Boleno performed on tho trapeze in his usual clever and graceful manner, ho does all the feats so easily, that it is a pleasnre to look at him. We hope the Rice Troupe may have a successful career — as from their genuine talents, and thoir commercial honor, they deserve it. 