BUCKLING-TO. (From the Queen. J To shirk a disagreeable task that has to be done, with good-will or without; to try and evade the inevitable and postpone the necessity ; to stand shivering on the brink when the plunge must perforce be made, and the sooner it is made the sooner the shock and its consequences will be over; to waste our strength in fret ful anticipations of fatigue, and to substitute dilettanteism for honest work, perfunctoriness for brave endeavour— these ways of living, though too much after the manner of half-hearted men, are the ways which lead to ruin and .de struction. Take the case of a man whose affairs are going wrong, and whose books show a perilous inclination towards Basinghall street. Obviously the only rational thing for him to do is to buckle-to at once, go into his afiairs, check his expenditure, cut off his superfluities, and lift his cart from the rat of bankruptcy into which it is fast sinking. But if he has not the energy of common sense necessary for this ? If he delays for this hope, for that fear 1 if now this problematical gain is to be made, that bad debt paid up ? if his wife's delicate netves need management, and the state of her health demands a car riage 1 if he must strain one point for liis son on entering into life, and another for his daughter on her first season ? if shadowy fingers slacken the straps, and the mildew of fallacious hopes rust the buckles 1—what can there be but irreme diable disaster and a general collapse as the result of these insane attempts to shirk a painful task and evade the inevi table ? If he had had the courage of his situation, and buckled-to at the first, he might have retrieved all that had been lost, and made good his future position. It was simply a question of promptness and daring—of buckling-to with a will. But he temporised and delayed, slackened this girth, loosened that strap, let ends fly loose and buckles slip, hoping rather than doing, and looking to that stalwart Hercules in the clouds, or to the machine where he thought was hidden the god that would set all things right with a nod of his head, rather than trust to himself, putting his shoulder under the wheel and buckling-to like a Trojan. In conse quence of which he comes to the grief any one but himself could see was fore doomed, and upset the whole concern into the ditch. This is one result of that foolish temper which will not accept cheer fully what it cannot avoid by any inge nuity in the world, and which does not reflect that the more closely fitting the harness the easier it is to draw the load. Again, a man, or it may be a woman, is put into a situation uncongenial to his or her nature and inclinations, one which gives all that is not wanted, and denies all that is. But it is duty ; has to be per formed somehow ; and circumstances are like a brazen tower with no back door, only the possibility of dashing out hot brains from impatient heads when they knock themselves against the cruel walls, and will not make the best of what they cannot help. It is a duty which, given up in the one case, includes the giving up of the means of subsistence, with, may hap, no background; if grudgingly and complainingly done in the other, only makes life harder than it need be, and the burden heavier than it is already. Buckling-to with a will is the sole method by which can come satisfaction. Just as boldly seizing a midnight ghost proves it to be nothing but a masquerading duchess, or a trick of light and lime, so placing oneself bravely in harness, and determin ing to do with a good grace what one does not like to do, somehow lessens the load and smooths down the difficulties, makes all the angles rounder, and blunts the sheaf of spikes that in the beginning tor tured one so cruelly. Almost all youths who have to work for their living have to go through this period of using themselves to harness, doing what they do not like to do, giving up what they like to have, j The one who will, buckle-to with most : cheerfulness and vigour is the one from ' whose manhood most may be expected ; and he who whines and cries, and can not do this and will not do that, who gives up his situation in the city because it is not a situation in the country, or despises the field and stock because, being apprenticed to a farmer, he would prefer to be clerk to a merchant, is the one of whose future only failure can be predicted, unable as he has shown himself to buckle-to, and of so little courage and self-command. Some men and women wear away their lives in this kind of thing. Out of harmony with their work, they will never try to make the collar less galling because worn closer. They are always trying to slip it over their poor long ears, which simply get chafed in the endeavour; and they rub their shoulders sore because they think that writhing will wear it easier. So of women. They marry the wrong man, found out too late ; and their wed ding-ring pinches. They have to run en circled in misfitting harness, and to carry through like a burden compared to which the bullet and chain of the French forcat is light and easy. Grumbling makes that which is bad be just so much the worse ; and trying to escape from the burden matrimonial only succeed^ in adding to its weight. The wiser thing to do is to bear it with as much equanimity and cheerfulness as the nature and the fates will allow. It must be ; so why not make the best of it'? And the best of it is to be made in no other way than by buckling to. If grumbling at a disagreeable would lessen and finally disperse it altogether, by all means let it be done ; if shifting one's yoke from shoulder to shoulder, and vainly trying to pull it over one's poor long ears would slacken the strain and finally dissolve the substance, one would be well quit of one's impediment for a little abrasion of the epidermis; but when it only chafes and does not slacken, only deepens the sore and never dissolves the j, substance, it seems but a poor exercise of energy and ingenuity, and buckling-to would be a better enjoyment of both. In fact, there is no circumstance in life, and no condition, where buckling-to is not the wisest thing. Take it how we will, either to combat or to bear, ener getic acceptance does more for us than fretful resistance, and a powerful hand-to hand fight with adversity—buckling-to for the battle—is a finer thing than su pine and melancholy yielding. To do with all our might both the task of to day and the preparations for the plea sure of to-morrow is a more manly kind of thing than to shirk half the difficulties of the one, consequently let slip half the richness of the other. Had we buckled-to in real earnest we should have overcome the one, and been rewarded by the other sooner and more bounteously than as things are. But we slipped and slid, and wore our harness loose; and we came, in consequence, to a fall on the side of the hill, and an upset on the top. There are certain men who can never buckle to their day's work save under compulsion. Good servants, when firmly held and inexorably guided, are lost as free mengoverning themselves. Give them two days for the essay which costs them four hours to write, and it will not be done on the evening of the third ; stand over them with your editorial buckle and thong, and you will get it in three hours and three-quarters. Tell them blandly " There is no hurry" for the picture, the copy, the deed, the agreement, and you may wait till your hair is grey and all the savour has gone out of the thing you wanted ; press them for an unimportant matter as if your life depended on it, and time had that sort of quality which gains more vitality the more it is shortened, and of first- rate force. It is all through want of ability to buekle-to of their own accord, all the old dependence on a lead ing hand for the fit wearing of the yoke, and the consequent carrying of the load to its destined end. But what a pity that want of ability is, and how many lives are wrecked by it. 1 