,THE STO RY-TELLERu A GOOD MATCH. FnRO THE LONDON SOCIETY. I ait ratheri inclined to think that, with niany of 'he people who take an annual holiday, the pleasures of anti cipati, n g nerally exceed those of fiul filment. Anticipation shows the ;quaintly-picturesque Norman yillage, the nov,;ity and, heauty of Alpinie peaks, Welsh hills and yalleys, or Scottish higlands, as the case may be, utterly iguoring the detracting annoy ances of the chanael pase~ge---'a very ser;ious matter to ruiny--t he varioue ,ifliulties of travel in a strange land, the often unsatisfactory. cuisine, and the unconscionable length and playful variety of the rapidly accumu lating bills. . :Ad ogni ucello Sno nido a bello,m is the burden of how many a return ing traveller ? The season was drawing to a- close and already the earlier birds had de .parted; the tourist was beginping to crop up in strange localities, and the British lodging-house, keeper, eniufiag the battl. afar off, to prepare for war with I er natural enemies, theviisitors, groups- of -- ii-T found scattered b'out the Euston stration as I comfort ably ensconced myself in the corner of a carriage bound for Staverton Toers. .. A very few months back, Clement Sandering, with whom I was going to stay,. had been living in town on a cpmparatively small income, which he $ d augmented, in e. somewhat desul ti ry way, b t literary work. He- had written a novel, a successful comeday an "endless variety of articles on an endless 'variety of subjects, and was sooked on as rather a rising mran. Probably he had never heard of Sta verton Towers, when one morning, amongst the letters and papers whiclh burdened his table. was a note from a firm of lawyers in the City to tell him that the Towers, and a rather exten sive prperty in Meadshire, "belonged to him. Sundering had met with such things in the realm of fiction, and the intimation seemed rather like the foubhlation of a plot for a novel than a real antd a veritable possibility. It was true, however; a distant relative of the late ow nor had died childless in Paris, and within a very short time Sanderiug had resignad his chanitiers and left town. In the former days I had vagunely hovered during the season round a certain Gertrude" Leigh, Sandering manifesting a slight disposition to ad mire her sister Bell. 'All this was entirely. hopeless," for there was not the very renmote.;t chance of old Sir Thomas zonsentinn, Oven if the girls had wished it; and Lady Leigh would probably have had fits it' the subject had keeo mentioned to her." The affair v.as not .very serious on my part, nor, as I think, on Sandering's, though some .f his heroines 'bore a suspicious re semblance to the fair Bell;' but, then, what would you have?. one must got. his heroires from somewhere, for pic tures painted without models are sole dom sattisfactory. ?.Circu mstances alter. pases, howe er, and h'0 circumstances }nad very materially altered the v'ase. S:naee his accession lie had. been in • aris, where I knew the Leigphs were also rpaying, and though his letters -had not said anything particularly pointed, it was evident that they were much together, and only natura)t o suspeoaisnt somie thing myould come of it-the usual somnething. Immediately on his return he lihad written to ask me dobrn ; there was no, one with him, he eaid, and. if 1 had work to do it would. be much quieter than the chambers; so takling a heap of paper to try and ease a corsciu .e which demaunded in ýlustry, apl ? cre;ly resolving to -do Iothing but lie uinder t"h trees and smoke, I started, anxious to see San 4ering, in case liis bachelor days were sooni to be ended ; ior marriage some tins nltei'rs a mrn very considerably, and.a young wif-. hias rot always an Onthusiasti aAh' ction for her husband's -bachelor fi iend. nHe met me at the station, and we driove thronuch some of the. prettiest gcenery in Mtdshit tu t, Ithe Towers. lThe fine ,i house was a striking con rast" to thn, di,'gy chanberS; nai was ihe small aiiy of inep about the place, ~ardena,'. gr,.ioms, and the rest, to ti.o dilapidaterd old womanand small boy whi, hal d attended him in tiumes of ,,rtn .uilt hlie had fallen quite natii ally into thie new habits and in terest.u, a:ni it seemed years .ince th4 phI L.o!!doi, days. After diinoer we retired to a small roio to tsmolre, a,,d discuss all that had happoened since we last met.' ' And how iare things theatrical ?' he ak :.d, whelin ihe had given me "de. tails of his journerti,,g. ' Much in". 'bey were when you:left, Ithiink-; • and, in one way, as they 'will he aliwa;ys. Thi good pieces pay, the bad ones don't. Isn't the same rinrliple carr,'id'n't in everything ? If nanRagers prudiuce good pieces, Sjublishers good works, or publicans good hbrer, the people go, and read, and drink remnuneratively. All the name, I sulipose, we are to understand that the drama is declinuing ?'" SThat's the silliest cry of all, San ,dering answered. 'i Th.ere are plenty pf "goo actors, and plenty of' good playe. I don't mean to say that the whole thing is in a perfectly satisfac tory state. ." number of gpntlemen, and some ladies, adopt the profession * ow, and .tudyi it; but many fellows gon on the stage with teo idea that the :-rt of acting can be luarned any morn jag before breeakfas, and, under the i'npressiout that " ease" is the great r q'isite, behave in drawing-rooms vw rh the sort ot ense that City clerks xhibit in their fa.,urite liquor-shops. I renmeber oae of the best actors in Enigland telling ime that when he first we on, lie was convinced that he Sould play lamnl'it perfectlyi . but after twentv yoeax.' icxperience, ho lphould be tlh,,,olughly contented if his Lae'tes satisfied himiself.) .But there is a bigger blot on the staeg than what od ' actors call the ' cuff-shpoteors" Look in the photo graili shop iundows,lT replied: Ie'es, at the-those--the-well, the ' popuilar actressel." Popular actres- I eaes-iy satars' As you know; I am very far from being a straight-laced mnorali.t, b it to see log ':ow: of &g; lhig creattiurr wUe t dii'iodSy is scant as their attire, labelled " Popu lar" Actresses'," i- a little: too .much; and men who have the interest of the stage ath eart ought to protest vigor ously.' I could only assent. W -hy do these sort of persons go on at all?' continued 8andering, who evidently felt the subject deeply. '!Fron vanity, generally, or some reason other than the making of a small salary, or a desire to lesra the profession. Either they want the money, or they don't want it; in one case. they have no business on the stage, "and in the other,` the less _business they have there the better. I speak, of course, of the o hop-window acs tressesi?" and it is for the sake of the gentlewomen who who are really ac tresses that I am so indignant. ' It's a rough sea and a difficult voyage, lut how bravely some little little girls weather the storm. For inst.nce, the young lady-for she was a young lady, although she had been doomed to wear the costume of an acrobat--who piayed Mary in your comedy,' I said. Sandering rbse slowly from his chaii, and loaned against the mautle piece, smoking thoughtfully. ' Miss----- what was her naite ?' I continued. ' You seemed much struck by her once, and that is why she was taken from the ranks to play the part, I presume. 'Miss Burton that's it. I suppose you have forgot ten all about her her now ?" . No,' lie slowly' reflied, with a somewhat troubled face; ' I have thought a good deal of her,-and a good deal less of myself in conse quence.' " I look at him inquiringly. ',1 was struck with her, as you say, and told her so, and used to take her about to afternoon performances and that sort of thing ; aqd gave 'her the part in the comedy, as you know.' SWhich was quite as much' to your advantage as to heis, for she played it charmingly., I interrupted She did, certainly. Well, I used tg take hei" about, and got to likle her, awfully. After a time she seemed to grow shy about it--wouidn't come when I w"anted her to, "and I was vexee and couldn't understand it. One evening, when she was out of an en gagement, I wanted to take her to the opera, and she made an excuse, and so I asked her about it. She 'said, '' Of course I'd like -to go with you every day, dear. only you know how particular I have to be, and if we are always together, people will talk and wonder where---' I think she was going tosay, "' Wonder where,it would end ;'" so it occurred to me to wonder where it would, and knowing where it ouglit-for she was evidently very iond of me-I told her that I wanted to marry her.' He stopped, and gazed thoughtfully into the fire. i'?.4 d dlid she reply I reply ? I asked. S'I took her to the opera that even ing.. Things went on for a couple of months-she was a dear, good little girl,?' he said, breaking off his sentence and pausing, as some reminiscences appeared to "flit through his mind, ' and a lady, too. o I don't. mean to ,ay she could get through a good of social' etiquette, as Oertrude? Leigh might do, without knocking against sapme of the trees, but in heart she was as perfect a lady as tha best oqf them." However,' he continued, ' things went on for a couple of months, and she was away fromnt town I heard, to my intense amazement, as you know, that this place had come to me. I wrote to her at once, but Ihad to go to Paris on business cohn ected with the estate before returning to town. .Well, the Leighs were there, and so was Ethilton, and-and he knew about the affair--with the. little girl, and-- ......... .. t And I suppose he indulged in that mysterious style of conversation which is vaguely termed '' saying things?"' ' I askld. ' . Yes. He talked about my posi tion in the county, and my small knowledge of a girl whose associations hadl been somewhat equivocal; and said what a good thing it would be if I went in for Bell Leigh-you know I used to like hot, eatlher-and he per suaded me to stay on-lie was always talking about it-and- ' " Lord Ethilton is such a very great swell that.I canut be expected to see things fiom his elevated point of view; but I must say I fail utterly to under stand lwhy your position in the county should oblige you to act dishon-. ' S'Go on,' Sandering said, as' I stop ped short; '. oblige me to at dishonor ably- ' ' To act unkindly,' I continued, ' to Miss Burton.' .. ' And you think I ought to go and see her ? Perhaps she has forgotten all about me,' he said. SI'm sure that you ought to go; and she's not the sort of girl to have forgotten you-or to have ever. forgot ten herself, in spite of Ethilton's chari table opinion,' I answered. 'I will go,' he, said, flinging his cigar into the fire. ' 1 will go ; and, by Jove! I feel so happy gow that I've made up my mind." Of course I ought to go ; 'and I'll start to-morrow morning-at least, it seems so rude to you, old fellow, when you've just conme down--' Not at all,' I said, said, and meant it; though, for the matter of that, it is the only reply to such a speech pos sible under any circumstances. I'll go up with you, if you like.' " D.on't you mind, really?'' I can't tell you how miuch obliged I shall be. Do you know where she is ? i Yes; I was in at rehearsal at the Prince's a day or two ago. She is going to play in the new opera onufe.' ' A part "' he asked. ' Two lines, I think, and about five bars of recitative. There were thir teen people in the boxes and nearly two rows of stalls the other night, and such good businees nearly turned Manley's head, and he put a new piece into rehearsal at once.' i There's. a train at half-past ten, if that's not too carly for you,' be said, Svery eager to be off, now that he had doided to go. ' Not at all; and as it's nearly twelvte. I -think I'll retire.. Good :.iht!-whntever are you thanking me for ? Good night I and good luck in this and everything.' A. servant brought a very early. message next morning that Sanderiog was up, and waiting for ne to break fast with, him; and the dog-cart to take us to the station wis at the door some tweenty minutes earlier than was necessary. VWe arrived in town about twp o'clook, and hastened to the theatre, where rehearsal was busily proceeding. Sandoring' s heart slightly failed here, and I left him .in, the neighboring square while I went to find Nelly Burton, and tell her that he was waiting to see her.' I made my way up the little dark staircase, and paused at the back of the half lighted stage to. take in the scene. The ladies of the establishment, gor geously arrayed and highly bejewelled, were seated in a semicircle, reoeiving, with some shrugging of shoalders, the verdict of the leader of the band that there was very little improyement yet in the repetition of a chorus, and that it must go a good deal better before it would do. He was a vulgar person, and of bad manners, for he ventured to say that some of the, soprani were very .flat and quite out of tune. T-'wo of the men, who played characters of an Orestes and Pylades description, and who would have played Cain and Abel infigitely better, were quarrel ling with each other, in the most polite tones, as to what business should or should not be introduced into' the scenesthey had tagether. One of the principal ladidies was going through a spe-ech to which the author listened with a badly cpncealed expression of contemptuous dismay ; but he did not interfere, for he had written pieces be fore and tnes the the actress and her ability, and so eorrowiflly resigned another of his best points and a good joke, fervently hoping that the iext good part he wrote would be cast for a lady who had' at any rate a, little ideaofreading, speaking, and under standing simple sentences in her native fongue.. " Barkington, the stage mana ger. who worked sixteen hours a day and did as much as sixteen people, was bustlin'g busily to and fro. The manager, gsurounded by some" of his company, was examining a brilliant poster containining all the hues of the irainbow, in addition to several which no well-conducted rainbow - ever, dreamed of assuming, deemed soon to blaze out and illuminate a" thousand walls. But posters won't make pieces, charm the printers and lithographers never so wisely. The prospects of succeeding treasuries grow more than precarious if a play has "nothing but the hoardings ' to prop it up; the '.ghost ' won't continue to i walk ' unless there is something stronger thani that to superinduce hlio perambu lation.'"I soon caught sight "of N?lly Burten, whose fresh, honest 'little face formed a" striking contrast to. some of those around her-h-arsh, blase, and "coarse iu expression as many of tiem were. Her trim little jacket had been worn before, and the fsreamirejeunesse had left the hat which was perched on the. top of her fair curls; but she was very pleasant to look at ... . Are you busy ?' I asked, when she .had arched her interrogative eyebrows more than ever, and given me a very nice'little hand to shake, a. ascertain ing that it was I. I: have to sing all this, directly," she hinswered,. smiling as she held out a sheet of music paper with a very few bars scribbled on the top. ' Are they going over thatscene again . . ".' Not without cause, I think. Miss Shaftesbury does not seem to know much of her part, nor to play what she does, know particularly well; and she certainly can't sing the music,' I said. Kind little Nelly wanted to find an excuse for her directly. ' Well, you.see, it's rather an awk ward part to play,' she urged. 'Then the authors intention will be thoroughly realised, for she's certain to play it awkwardly.-I came here on purpos.,s to find you, Miss Burton. A friend of mine, and of yours, wants very much indeed to see you,' I said, taking her a little apart. ' Cau you guess who it is ?.' Her lips said ' No,' but her face very plainly said 'Yes.' 'It is Clement Sandering,' I con-. tinued. 'I can't imagine what Mr. Sander ing can wish to see'me for,' she re plied, with an effort at haughtiness vhich did not much accord with the eager way she glanced round to see if he were near, as she asked,' Where is ho ?' '.In the square: waiting very an xiously indeed to see you,' I said. " '.I am quite at a.loss to understand what Mr. andering can have to say to me. Will you please ask him to write i there really is anything ?' she answered.. 'To a certain extent, Miss Burton, I am in Clement's confidence; and if I were not, your tone would lead me to think-several things.' '.I am sure my tone is just the same as always,' she. said, looking up with a faint twinkling as of coming tears in her ordinarily bright eyes. Mr. San dering is nothing to me, and I 'had rather not see hit.' 'Of curse, if you had rather not there is no more to be said; but he will' be greatly pained and hurt at your refusal-your unkind refusal, for he came all the way from Staverton this morning on purpose to see you. I did not think that yhu would have condemned apy one without hearing the defence.. Circumstantial evidence is so terribly deceptive,' I rejoined. She didnot in the least knowwhat to do, and so tried to be angry, and rolled up her sheet of music without the slightest regard for the legibility of the writing. ' Well, good-bye, Miss Burton; I will say that you are too angry to for give him, shall 1?' ' There's nothing to forgive, and I'm not angry a bit,' she said, quite as savagely as it was possible for her to speak. " What is the word ?' I answered, repressing a slight inclination to smile. 'Annoyed- hurt--vexed - grieved disappointed; there i? evidently some thing wrong between you, for you and he were excellent friends when his play wha producod. If you see him, in three seconde he will probably explain awyay--whatever requires e pianation, and then you will be very sorry thait you hesitated in hearing him. Indeed, I have veyr' good reasons foribelieving that his iexplana tions will be entirely `satisfiptory to you'-which I had not; but then it strengtheried my shot, and I knew that when they once met a good deal might be left to Sandering's, native wit and persuasive powers, if the girl had ever been really fond of him: She unrolled her rusic, and studied the signature at the beginrninh of the stave with great diligence. (' My cue will be coming directly,' she said at length. ' And tbhen you'll see poor Clement?' I asked. ' Indeed I don't know why you call him ' poor Olement;' but she lin gered.over his name, and seemed to like the sound of it; ' h'e's not Y- s, I'11 go, if you dont't mind waiting a minute more;' and she eent' down the stage, did her 'scrap of duty, and then we left the iheatre together. Snaundering was coming towards us as we turined into the square. He threw away his cigar, and.' raised his hat as I left Miss Burton and retired; he seeming uncertain whether or not ti offer his hand, for her obstinate lit tile paws were 'tightly holdiu '-her parasols. I looked after them, how ever, when they had gone a little way, and saw one hand slowly relax its grip and resign itself for a' moment to Sandering' s custody, anticipatory of its retention fir, a very much longer period ; and when presently they overtook mo, a glance convinced me that all was right. Nelley Burton ap peared well on her vay to making a good match. (Toi bie continued).. 