Answers to Correspondents. USP Correspondents will please take notice th no questions will be answered unless the sender giv his real name and address in full-not for jmblic Hon, but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he a subscriber. * Amateur Gardener.-The answers to your queri will be found in page J¡59 of this issue, fi* Observer (Blacktown).-Your letter came to hoi too late for this issue. It shall appear in our next. A Sufferer.-You will find an answer to yoi question in page Jfiö. W. M. asks- What is the difference between ¿ true dial time in Sydney and Bathurst?-There no difference that 'conda be shown on an ordinal dial. ' II. M. asks-Is it a usual thing for a plain woodc cross to be. put on Church of England edifices?-Ti placing o f crosses on churches of England is not ut usual; tiut the practice is not general. G.L.B.- We have no means of finding out tl address of the family you inquire about. Brobabt Mr. Cubitt, Missing Friends' Office, Bridge-stree Sydney, would undertake to make the necessary ii quiries if you apply to him. I S. M. says-lient a horse and harness to a carrie \ some three months ago. In a fortnights s time he ri turned my harness, saying he had lost my horse. Ca I compel him to find the horse, or sue him for th value'/-You can sue him for the value of the horst D. JD. asks- When does the wet season begin an end on the Balmer?-From November or Decembe, to March is usually thc rainy season ; but theperiot is not well defined-that is, it varies a good deal h different years. B.F.T. asks-My grass right or undefined pre emptive being selected, can I still claim the right tt graze »vcr other Crown lands adjoining me without applying again, if Istillcontinue to pay?-No. Yoi must make fresh application. Ii. T. asks-Canyon, or any of your northern sub scribe?s tell me anything about the "Doctor's Beef" a Bingera ? what work has been donein it ? andwhethet any payable stone was ever raised?-We know no thing about the Doctor's Beef. Berhaps some of ow subscribers will give the required in formation, J. E. E. says-I apply to i egister a brand, am I am informed that I cannot get the brand applied for, but another is suggested, which I accept. I sign the foi m and return it. Am I justified in using that brand before getting a certificate oj registration f -No, T.F. says-I selected three years ago, and fulfilled all the conditions of the Act, but I have not paid up thc balance of my purchase money. Can I leave it by paying the interest yearly?-Yes. You need never pay anything more than the interest unless you choose to do so. Blayboy says-A acts as agent for B and lets a house to C, with an understanding that Cwas to re move what improvements he might make. D'pur chased the ground from B, and refused to allon) C to remove the improvements. Who does C look to for compensation?-C must look to B, the party with lohom he contracted through A's agency. Amateur says-Suppose an ordinary buggy-wheel made upright, how tight should the tire be to dish it a quarter of an inch (1% x § tire) ? Are the bolt-holes drilled in the tires before or afier putting on the wheels?-It depends upon the condition of the wheel. If a good one, the tire should be half an inch smaller , than the wheel. 7he holes are drilled after the tire is put on. Index says-A, an intestate at thc time of his death, was possessed of considerable pei'sonalproperty. He left two children (B and C) and two sisters (D and È), but no wife. B has obtained letters of adminis tration, and possessed himself of all the intestate's personal property. Hoio is the intestate's personal property to be divided amongst the next of kin, andin what proportions?-The whole goes to thechildrenin equal shares. Subscriber says-(1.) A man marries a younq girl under the agc of 31. After marriage he finds that she is in debt. Is he bound to pay her debts ? Such debts as she would have been legally liable to pay the husband becomes liable for. Ân infant in law (that is, under 21) is not liable for debts uidess in curred for n ece8saries. (2.) A man marries a widozo, and after marriage he finds that she is in debt. Is he bound to ¡jay her debts ?- Yes. T.A. C. asks-Can the members of the Mining Board make a rule by which a lease can be cancelled ? If not, what is the necessary form to go throuqh in order to get a lease cancelled^-I'he Mining Board has no poiver to make regulations with regard to leases. Your second query is indefinite: objec tions may be taken to thc issue of a lease under the 12th and subsequent regulations for mineral leases (June 22), and leases after execution may be can celled under the 34th section. The regulations wcPe published in our issue of ' J¡tít July. Tumut says-In your quotations of Un in your issue of ¿he 5th instant (£85 to £S5 lös per ton) does it mean smelted or stream tin?_ If stream tin, let mc know the price of smelled tin?-Thc quotations referred to the price of smelted tin in Sydney. You will see on reference to the " Cable Messages" in another part of the same paper that the price of Australian smelted tin in the London market was quoted at £00 at thc end of August. Since then thei-c has been a sliqht tendency upwards, and Australian is noiu quoted in London at £91. Subscriber asks- Will youplease give me a recipe to prevent vermin on hens while sitting on eggs ?- When thc hen is sitting crumble a good handful of common lea f tobacco (unmanufactured in a. very dried statej over thc nest. The leaf may be obtained from some of the produce merchants in Sydney. This plan is recommended bi/ some, but others adopt the plan of sprinkling sulphur over thc hen and the nest. Sitting hens' nests should always be on the bare ground, and there should be plenty of ashes or dry earth at hand for them to nestle in'. If these directions we attended to they will not be much troubled with vermin. J. J. T. asks-Can yon give me a simple and economical recipe for preserving pineapples in sugar, and also in liquid ?-To preserve in sugar,pineapples require no boilinq ; cut the fruit in slices about one fifth of an inch -micki strew powdered loaf sugar in the bottom of the jar, ' and pat the slices m it, ihm more sugar, and so alternatelyt untilHhèjar'tivfuU. Place the jar with the fruit up to the neck in boiling water till thë sugaris dissolved, removing the scrum, Lastly, tie a wet piece oj bladder over it, or cork it. Full instructions for the preparationoffruit in syrup are given in our issue.ofthe 28th December, 1872. ? D. D. (Camden) says-I find nearly ott my aranga trees have holes through the stem at the surface of the ground, about the sise of peas. Can you tell me the cawse, and the cure ?-The cause is, doubtless, at* tributable to the operations of one or otfier.ofthà several species of " wood-boring beetles," some of whick have been figured and published in the last report of the Victorian Agricultural Department. The ?euri', if any, must be left to nature; hit prevention mai/ oe effected by catching and killing the beetles. They may, hoiocv'er, be prevented f>-oni attacking the other trees, bu thickly smearing the sterns above, and a little below, the surface of the ground with coal tar. .' J. W.P.-Yourlegal position is this: If a man agrees to lease you, a place, as tn this instance, with", out having the right lo do so, or having the righi afterwards, bréales his contract, hebecomesresjionsiblñ to you for damages, the amount of,which would bein thc discretion of a jury. We do not think you will be, able io get out of the difficulty in which you appear to. be placed, without legal assistance.-In answer to the latter part of your inquiry, joe can only say that if, you desire us to name some respectable solicitor zn. 'Sydney to whom you can apply, we xviii do so ¡but it ^ j's' a matter in which wc cannot undertake to receive, or pat/ money, or io act. for you any further than; stated J. G. asks-(l,J Can I take up a dummy selection which has been measured, or can it be reserved, being of no benefit to the community lüicn reserved, and being situated away from all public thoroughfare?-? You cannot take np a dummy selection until it has, been gazetted as forfeited. ' (2.) Can I claim my, pre-emptive right, being thc holder of 820 acres? # I have already applied for my pre-emptive right portion of this land, it having been selected eight years. 2. have received an ansxvèr from the Lands Office tolling" me that they wait the report of the surveyor. Is there any way in which I can acquire my right? or shall I have to wait their pleasure?-You must wait until the Lands Office grants your request. You cannot do anything to forward the matter, except by urging thc case on the attention of tho Minister for Lands... P. J.K. says-A runs an aceount with B for ' goods, and then leaves the Bathurst district for Syd-' j ney; B summonses him to the District Court at Bathurst, serving the summons in Sydney, and A not defending, obtains a verdict» Can B follow A on that judgement to Sydney, or can he obtain a ca. sa. in Sydney on the default of payment of the distress warrant. Generally can you sue a man where you : reside yourself ana follow him anywhere on the judgment?-You can sue either in thé district where the defendant resided at the time the debt lwaè contracted, or where he noto resides. Issue all your proceedings from the District Court where you originally commence. The officers of the court will sec as to the proper execution of the writs. [ A. B. says-A contends that it would , be impos sible for modern brains and appliances to move a 40-: jootcube of granite 10 feet, in any limited -time,, and that it never has . been done except. by the . ancients. B thinks that there is nothing impossible - in accomplishing the work in a comparatively , short time. Mas anything of the kind ever been doney We are not aware that the ancients ever moved so great a weight as a /fl-foot cubetof granite; it would weigh 10,500 tons, nearly. 'Modern appliances would, we think, be found equal to the task of mov ing such a weight. Perhaps one of the most re? tnarkable feats of the sort was the movement of the Great Eastern, steamer, from shore into the tooter, at the time of her launch, a distance of 150 feet. This loas done by means of hydraulic rama. The weight of the hull was between 7000 and SOOO tons. Swainsonia asks-Which is thc best means of pre* venting stock from eating the Darling or poison-pea, or wild indigo?-The oiuy way will oe to keep tliem apart. We believe the. Sioainsonias are only danger- . ous at the flowering season, but whether this arises f rom the absence of poison at other seasons, or that stock are only then tempted by the sxoeetcr flavor of the floxvers, we are not able to say. Whichever it may be, the stock might be removed during the floxoering season, which mil not extend much beyond five or six weeks. (2.) The best cure for antmals that have eaten of it?-We are not aware of any proved remedy. Perhaps some of ? our grazier friends, experienced in Sxoainsonia country, will fur nish the information we now invite! JV7ienever sheep or other stock are noticed eating the shrub they should be removed at once, and fresh ones may re place them, as it is a habit which takes time to learn, out once acquired is retained. County Durham asks- What kind of plants are best suited for culture in apiece of ground on which the sim never shines? and the best time for planting them ?- Violets, thc primrose, and polyanthus tribe, fuschias of several sorts, hydrangias, guilder rose* canteras, poonies of all kinds, both herbaceous and shrubby ; white jasmine, narcissus of all kinds, in cluding jonquils, and many others of the amaryllis tribe ; camellias delight in such a situation. For all these and many oilier plants, of which it would be rather beyond our province so jmblish a list, a situa-. iion such as you mention will suit, provided thcre'be also plenty of light, fertility, and moisture. Plant in autumn, or' if established in pots, plant out-at any time you please. Most ferns worth culture would require a more confined atmosphere, that is less air, exposure, and more vaporised moisture than would be good for thc classes named. J. P. says-I selected 320 acres of latid and ap plied for a preemptive lease at the same time, Shortly after I was informed by the Undcr-Secretary . that as soon as thc surveyor had sent in his report the lease would be granted without delay ; it has been granted and paid for twice since the above has been granted to me. I have been informed by Mr. Sur veyor, that a township has been reserved on the land thai I am entitled to r* a lease. I wish to knoxo if 1 can use the said laud as my prc-cmpihe lease, until it is wanted for a township, as ilierc is no other land that adjoins my selection fora pre-emptive lease? If so can Ï impound off it?-It is not clear from what you say whether your pre-emptive lease has been yranicd or not : if it has been granted, you can con tinue io use thc''lund until required by the Lands Dqtartment .. relinquish it. Snapshot asks-In what part of the colony was it that Malier was murdered, of the Fisher's ghost no toriety?-Campbelltown, v .Darling Uiver asks-(1.) How many Chief Jus tices are there in England holding equal power ? Two. (2.) What position does the Lord High Chan cellor hold in the laxo?-The highest position, and takes precedence next to the Queen am the Arch bishop af Canterbury. W.T. O. asks-ls there any cure for the worts in young chickens ? During the summer months in every year lam constantly losing a great many first class Brahmas.-Chop iipsome chilies finely and give part to them. Kempsey asks-Can you inform me where I can procure preserved fresh meat (such as beef and mut ton) in tins of Sib. and Jß. weight ; and at what price per lb. or tin ? Also, in what quantity from 1 cwt. doionwards?-At Messrs. Hanks and Co.'s, George-street, Sydney, from 7 fal to 8^dper lb. Mb., Jib., and 6lb. tins are 8dper lb. M.B.B.-Your best wau to act in the case you refer to will be to address a letter to the Council of Éducation, stating the facts, and asking for an in quiry into the matter. J. G. asks-Am I bound by section 1//. of the Crown Lands Alienation Act, of1861, to reside on land taken up under the above section? It adjoins my freehold property, which I am residing on. Lands taken up under the lflh clause are " subject to all the provisions applicable to sales under the ISth.f and consequently, as residence is one of the conditions of the 18th clause, residence is required tn your case. Had your selection been taken under the £2nd clause, residence would not have been required G. F. asks-Canyon give me any information as to the geographical position of the Balmer River dig gings'? the best way of getting there from New South Wales? the nearest township where horses, provisions, eye. might be purchased? and the probable amount of money which would be required to thoroughly equip and take a digger there? Also, as to whether the climate is healthy ?-The Fainter gold field is in, latitude 15 and 16 south, from 100 to SOO miles west and south-west from Cooktown, Endea veour River, where supplies, horses, eye, may be procured, and to which place there are steamers running from Sydney almost every week. The cli mate tn the rainy season is considered very un healthy, but during other parts of the year it does not appear to be so. We cannot say anything more definite about the money required than that it loould depend upon what equipment you proposed to take. Any miner will be able to tell you better than we can. A. B. C. says-Some time since you published some articles in the " Town aiul Country," suggesting improvements in the plan in which bush houses are usually built. The article commenced with a sketch of a bush house or hut as it is usually put up, and then gave anumber of designs and suggestions shew ing a wore serviceable and economical style of a building, commencing with a two- roomed cottage and giving designs and instructions how improvements coula be added until the house was completed. Could the back numbers in which the above was published be found out from this description ? Could they be purchased at your office, and at what price, or would you be likely to reprint the article at any short time?-The numbers tn which the articles appeared are out bf print, their dates were September 9th and 16th, 1871. We have no intention of reprinting them at present-possibly at some future time we may do so, Constant Subscriber asks-Which is the best \ method of treatment in cases of consumption ; and i whether it is beneficial to live in a warm climate, or near the sea?-Too much importance is in our opinion usually placed on the effect of change cf climate in cases of consumption ; although there can be no doubt that a warm, mild, dry climate, where life can be enjoyed in the open air, is best. But no change should be made in tlie case of a person suffer ing from consumptive symptoms that would involve i discomfort, anxiety of mind, the disturbance of long- \ formed habits, or the exhaustion of a fatiguing journey. Where, however, change can bc effected with , pleasure and comfort to the patient, change itself is good. At the same time attention to diet, regularity 1 cf habits,^ and the comforts of a cheerful home, are o f more importance than locality. You should seek vie advice of some respectable medical man. It is impossible that wo can say what would be the best treatment for the c«se you inquire about, since the treatment of consumption, like even/ other disease, depends very much upon individual peculiarities of constitution, the stage the disease has reached, habits of the patient, §c. SCHOOL OF MINKS AT HILL END.-A number of gentlemen, at Hill End, who evidently regard that locality aa the Ballarat of New_ South Wales, have placed themselves in communication with the principal of thoSchool of Mines in Victoria, to obtain infor mation to further their object. The reply received is as follows : "School of Mines, Ballarat, 3rd September, 1874,-Sir, I havo the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, seeking certain information as to tho forming of a School of Mines, and in reply, to state that Harrie Wood, Esq., Secretary of the Mining department in your colony, was tho founder of this institution, and I would therefore suggest that you place yourself in com munication with that gentleman j that being in my humble opinion the most likely course to adopt for the attainment of your desires. I am, &c;, W.H. BARNARD." Wo understand that the gentlemen interested have communicated with, and received a favourable renlv from, Mr. Wood. * J The annual athletic sports at Hamilton took place in Cameron's paddock, and there was, considering the weather, a vory fair attendance, about six hundred persons being present. In the first division of tho all comors' race there was a good deal of dissatisfaction at tho proceedings of the only two competitors (McLeod and Mitchell), whose endeavour appeared to be how not to win, and so determined was each to allow this result that neither passed tho tapo. The pro ceedings w«r« afterwards disordored at a meeting of tho committee, and both runners wero disqualified from running at ¡ ' amilton sports for two years. The re mainder of tho sports, so far as they proceeded, passed off satisfactorily, and with fairness ; but the full pro gramme was not finished. Tho result of the races run was as follows : First race-all-comèrs' handicap race, loO yards ; first prize, £12 ; second prize, £2 ;-ll. F. Watson, 1; A. Fleming, 2 ; J. Gibb, 3. Second race miners handicap race, 150 yards; first prize, £10; second prize, £2;-Murphy, 1; Filby, 2. The re maining races on the programme were not, acoording to thvPiiot, decided. 