CHAPTER XXX. AT eleven o'clock, the Doncastore barouche drove up to the door. Lord Finmore pro- ceeded direct to the church, iu a carriage and four, to await his bride. her m i^uapnaai; - / , ^^»^»ag t( chorçà; 0!oti^M:îftncS^ anxioué^»ad_ kAJy tounâ-tm' the sea' of. heads that filled"t»amfttB^ she failed to find the face sheWked fo^ia^^wwwljied 1 Tien the bride arr)»*, in « gloss of satinj «ná glimmer of pearl ^looking lovely enough! io turn the strongest %d,^as they all agreed j (and the procession fora^ and wound itsivay siowiy~ûp the eun-floclH aisle, to the sweet, solemn notes of the gran old organ. Lord Pinmore was Anding on the lower step of the altar, ready \ receive his bride ; and had he forgotten po\ Mary at the mo- ment, that his face was so Vdiant ? The Countess, in her sta\ly beauty, stood ¡ near, and smilled continuó^ for the peril was past now, like an ugliaightmare, and she could triumph in the fty. success of her plans. f. The service began 'mid agence so com- plete that Clotilde could hear % heart beat against her bodice, and pat heiland against it to still its wild throbbings. I The last words were spoken that bound these two together, and a deep ^loon came into Clotilde's pale cheeks, and hermagnûcent eyes began to glow with passionate joy. She signed her name boldly to thf registei and catching Mr. Trelawney's eye ft the monent, put down the pen, and stealthy kissed her fingers, with a g.sture fuj' of grace and coquetry. The bride and bridegroom walked down to the narrow path to their c^riage, over a per- fect carpet of flowers ; a»d then Mr. Tre lawney's drew up, and givtog his arm to the Countess, who was nolding blandly and benignantly to all her p<or neighbours whom she recognised, ho led 1er slowly away. Clotilde was watching hm-she did not know why ; and presently shs saw him start violently, hurry his pac^ and spring into the carriage after Lady Ibncastore with a pre- cipitation that showed le had no thought for anything but to esca'c as quickly as pos sible. . ' Dear me ! Mr. TKawney must have seen a ghost !' remarkedi-he cavalier, a young Baronet from the ntghborhood, who had more acres than brains ' Did you ever see a fellow in such a hurry. ?,get away V ' Then I must haveseen a ghost too !' an- swered Clotilde, coloy ; « for I share his anxiety.' ' Oh, really, now, Jiat's too severe, made- moiselle ! It is, inteöd !-I haven't had time to make myself agreeable yet.' ' Can't 'you do that going along ?' ' The movement ol the carriage confuses me so-and I had such heaps to say.' ' Isn't that someth.ng new?' she asked, causticallv. ' You are awfully cruel mademoiselle ! But -Good heavens !' For Clotilde had grown suddenly as white as death, and leant so heavily upon his arm, he fancied she must be going to faint. For there, just close by th? gate, travels stained, haggard, panting, breathless, aud glaring at her with eyes of terrible menace, was the dwarf. This is what Mr. Trelawney had seen, and it was to him as one risen from the dead, for he had never expected to see Neb again, until they met on the eternal shore when tho sea gives up its slain. ' I say, though, what is the matter? Have you seen a ghost, too ?' persisted the Toung Baronet, staring at her open-eyed. ' I never saw one look so badly in my life !' Clotilde withdrew her eyes from tlose of the dwarf by a great effort; and thm, the spell being broken, recovered herself some- what. ' Let me give you a little piece of advise,' she said to the young Baronet, with icy dis- dain : ' for the future, when you fird a per- son is ill, don't pester them with questions they cannot answer. ' Yes ; but it was so odd and evdden, you know !' he replied, still staring. Have you never felt faint suddenly, then ?' ' Not like tb at ! You were laughing the second before !' ' You are painfully witty, Sir Charles I How could I help it V The contempt in her tone would have pierced even his duli wits, only that he had caught sight of the dwarf, an<? that diverted his attention. ' I say,' he said, ' did you see that sinister individual V 1 Who do you mean V 1 Why, just near the gate. He was look- ing at you so awfully, you know, I felt quite glad to think 1 was near to protect you ! I do believe he would have stabbed you, or something of that sort if it hadn't been for nie !' ' Don't be so absurd !' exclaimed Clotilde, I daresay the poor little mau is quito as harmless as you are.' * But you *aî3 , _ ^WWheredIne,' e#|? 'and I warfeillB^so^g ^ lost patience. Prayïbr^ and let us be frieadB again.1 Sir Charles, who admired mensely, and, like most duli nienj ciliated "Iff "the <*ther's_ brilliancy í would have whispered his hope might be something more than friends^ that one of the other bridesmaids and- W escort came into the carriage at the same ; ment, and their tete-a-tete was over. Mr. Trelawny did not know how he through the long ceremonial called a breaki" fast. He said « yes ' and ' no ' occasionally. But there«was one, invisible to all the rest, who sat opposite to him at the board, with a face of shadowy menace. Every time there was laughter, Mr. Trelawny heard his laugh above them all, bitter, and rasping, and cruel. When he rose to make his «peech the face grew horrible, and grinned and grinned as if to disconcert him. Once when he spoke of living anew in his grandchildren, he could al- most have sworn that he heard the moçking--^ mouth say, softly, ' Hear, hear 1' and hefelt himself grow very pale. What more he would have said had gone out of his head, and he sat down with a vague tremulous smile, so peculiar, that the Countess was really touched, and, bending forward, said, gently, ' You must reckon that you have gained a son, not that you have lost a daughter. And Sir Charles whispered, iu Clotilde's ear, with the most refined wit, ' I say, though, really, 6h'n't we want a lot of pocket-hand- kerchiefs when the bride goes atwáy V ' Shall we V answered Clotilde, coldly. ' Th. n it is really true what people are say- ing, that you wanted Lady Finmore your- self.' ' You don't mean to tell me they are say- ing so ?' he exclaimed, indignantly ; and, in I his anxiety to persuade her that it was not \ J the fact, he forgot to notice Mr. Trelawney-Ifc any more. Assuredly, Clotilde did.not suffer Jess t^^H the master all through that terrible h&w;^^^Ê Every time the door opened she cxpect^^^H see the dwarf stalk in and confronf^^^H guests, whilst he denounced her, and clat^^^f the bride as his own at her husband's side^^H When there was a little stir at table, Edith retired to her chamber to change Í_H bridal robes for travelling attire, ClotihHfl who felt as if she were stifling, and shou^H shriek out presently if she did not have a fe^H I minutes' rest from Sir Charles insane flatjH teries, stole out on pretence of being wanted^ by Edith, and, running upstairs into the bare picture-gallery, where no one was likely to intrude, she paced it up and down swiftly, urged to action by the hurry and excitement of her own thoughts. , She had been here nearly half an hour, / when Edith's door opened below, and she heard her friend say, 11 wani: Mademoiselle S%Pree. Tell her to come directly, or we shall miss the train.' Clotilde went down then, and appeared be- fore Edith so suddenly, that, being a little nervous, really, in spite of the brave way she , had borne up all through-, Lady Finmore gave a startled err. ' Oh, Clotilde, I wanted to bid yon good- bye when we were quite alone !' said Edith, J who had forgotten everything now. ' This is J my wedding present to my friend and shel slipped a purse into her hand. ' You need! not be afraid that I shall ever forsake you,l and you must not misjudge me if I am rather long in writing just at first. You really are going to live with Mrs. Marshall for the pre- sent, I suppose?' Mrs. Marshall was a connection of Mr, Trelawney's-an officer's widow, whom he had hunted np recently, and brought to Combe Stratton just a week before the wedding, feel- ing that for many reasans it would be better to have her there. She was an elderly person, and lived on her pension at St. Omer very, carefully, as may be supposed. Therefore I when Mr. Trelawney sent her a cheque Í_J £1C0, and hinted that if she kept silence ar his antecedents and former name, they wd -fl make her very comfortable at Combe 8tratt,o> 1 Mrs. Marshall felt, as if she had bought h&fc.; luxurious change very cheaply indeed. ' j She and Clotilde were, to leave for London* the day after the wedding ; and Mr. Trelawney i plainly hinted that this not being included iuB the first arrangement, she might look" âifl him for the necessary funds, and would not bo« required to stint herself or companion in any J Mrs. Marshall thought this a Very pleasant J arrangement, and would ha» e k'pt a murder j secret on such terms, and 'been satisfiedJ that her poverty justified thc deception» 