[?] gap. -eta..—- n T 1 1 jhf j£ i. I Jul,, 18®, the front doot of itmSfl I jAnohorfoet, in the le.Jil?' I -njjht h.Y.oUS»M | with great caution. This a, J5X! toi mderj/wsUy 0065 1 opfen Itself. It" was opened iy lS&MW; 801 1 Oallaghan, who immediately closed -j 1 behind her, paused for a few second/l11' I embarraaaed air on the atone step I throwing a furtive glance up at t,e t 1 1 C,0M 10 ,h# «— -55 I Tfere was a ghostrike etealthineBB in I garets movements, though there WaT.lr- I whatever of the ghost abeut Miss iir f I herself. She was a plump, short nerlJ? 1 linger young, with coal black hair growing' 1 the forehead, and a round face that would J?® 1 been nearly meaningless if the features £ 1 been emphasised— italicised, so to speak— h f I small-pox. Moreover, the ' brilliancy""? ? I toilette .would have rendered anv JJS; I hypothesis untenable. Mrs. Solemon--i5 2; I to the dressiest Mrs 8olomon, whichever oaeiS' I was— L: all her glory waa not arrayed lis3S I Margaret on that eventful summer mormno Rk! I wore a light-green shot silk frock, a blss& .2 I shawl, and a yellow crape bonnet r»nf J I decorated with ezure, orange, and niZu I artificial flowers. In her hand she carried alfot I parasol. The Bewly-risen sun, ricocheting I the bosom of the river and Btriking point-bUn: I the top knot of Miss Margaret's gorgeoontM I made her an imposing spectacle in the qak 1 street of that Fnritan village. But, in agite I the bravery of her apparel, she etele rajftji. I along by garden walls and fences until she I reached a small, dingy framehouae near the I wharves, in the darkened doorway of which she I quenched her burning splendour, if eo bold i I figure is permissible. I Three-quarters of an hour passed. The ens. I shine moved slowly op Anchor street, fisgered I noiselesslytbe well kept brase knockers on efthg I side, and drained the heeltaps of dew which bad I been left from the revels of . the fabfe I overnight in the cups of the morning gloria, I Not a soul was stirring yet in this part of tin I town, though the Rivermouthians are soeh early I birds that not a worm may be said to them. By-and-by one of the brown holland shades at one of the upper windows of the j Bilkins mansion — the honse from which Uiq I Margaret had emerged— was drawn up, and old I Mr. Bilkins in spiral nightcap looked out os the I sunny street. Not a living creatHre was to be J seen, save the dissipated family cat — a very lew I lade of a cat that waa not allowed a ni ht-key— who was sitting on the curbstone opposite, vail ing for the. hall door to be opened. Three-quarten of an bou', we repeat, bad elapsed when tfn. Margaret 'O'Bouke, nie Oallaghan, iesuei from the small dingy house by the river, ans regained the doorstep of the Bilkins mansion infcheiMw stealthy fashion in which she had left it. Not ta prolong a mystery that must already oppre:a the reader, Mr. Biikins'a cook had, after the manner of her kind, stolen out of thepmnm before tbe family were up, and got herself mm ried- — surreptitiously and artfully married— « if matrimony were an indictable offence. And something of an offenoe it was in tbii instance. In the first place, Margaret Oallagtmn had lived nearly twenty years with the Biikmi family ,and the old people— there were so ehfl dreh now— had rewarded this long service by taking Margaret into their affections. It was I pieoe of subtile ingratitude for her to many without admitting the worthy couple lo bet confidence, In the next place, Margaret had marrieda.man some eighteen years younger this herself. That was the young man's look-oat, yos say. We hold it waa Margaret that was to time. What does a young blade of twenty-two know r Not half ao much aa he think he does. HsM" hauetless ignorance at that age |is a duoorery which is left for him to make in hie prime. " Curly gold locks cover foolish brains, Billing and cooing is all your cheer ; Sighing and singing of midnight strains, Under BonnyheU's window panes,— Wait till yon come to Forty Year ! T« pne sense Margaret's husband had ooflM t® forty .year — she waa forty to a day. Mrs. Margaret O'Bouke, with the baddiih mt following closely at her heels, entered thsBiltoii mansion, reached her ohamber in the attio f®' out being intercepted, and there laid aside her finery, Two or three times, while arranging htf more humble attire, ehe paused to take a look » the marriage certificate, which she had depmi®® between the leaves of her Prayer-book, sn</ each occasion held that potent document upew down j for Margaret's literary culture was# the severest order, and exolnded the art of r®"1 ing. ;; The breakfast was late that morning- JJ O'Bouke set the ooffee-urn in front of Mrs. B W and- flanked Mr. BUkins with the broum mackerel and the buttered toast, Mrs. 0 Bow® conscience emote her. She afterwards decia- that when she saw the two sitting there so i oent-like, not dreaming of the eomether she put upon them, ehe secretly and unbeknown ; few W« fcU mto the cream-pitcher. WWW or not it waa this" material expression ot gatet'sp nitence that spoiled tbe coffee, aces admit of inquiry ; but the coffee was j> 'r. fact the whole breakfast was a comedy of er It was a bleiaed relief to Margaret wb meal we ended. She retired in a cold pt"pu» tioa to the penetralia of the kitcheB, and » remarked by both Mr. "and Mrs. Bilkin those abort flights of vocalism — ipwp perionalchanns of one Sate Kearney w«»® on ike >anka of Kfflaraey— issued from the direction of the aoalletyi unheard thatf forenoon . The townclock was striking mev antiquated timepieoe on the staircase ... spoke but dropped pearle and crysWs, fairy in the story; was lisping the nou » "j fihero came three tremendous knocks at ih . dob.1 Mrs. Bilkins, who was dusting JAe mounted Chronometer in the hall, stow fixed within uplifted. Theadmbleow had for yeam>beeB carrying on a guer lDd with itinerant vendors of furniture, p ' pain killer, and orockery oement, bp _ -Led The effronteryof the triple koowed. her the enemy was at her gates -pw" > of niaaolute creatnre with twenty -fottr -yjfoea nos-papmr and twenty-four envelopes Mrbi BiUura awept horoM the baft, with a jerk. The suddemese of the nt was apparently not antioi- lh® ® by the person outside, who, with ptfed m stretched feebly towards the receding e w tilted gently forward, and rested both |nock«r' tbreBhold in ao attitude whioh was huh? common enough with our ancestors of neriod, but could never have been coa- By an effort that testified to 'Lllent oonditien of his musoles, the person "i-riehted himself, and stood swaying an- \v on h'V to®8 and heels» and ®milic|g »lher on Mrs. Bilkine. a slightly- built, but well-knitted young , L in the not unpiotureeqae garb of our marine -L, His woollen cap, pitched forward at an; if"0® ie ffjth bis nose, showed the baok part (head thatched with short, yellow hair, which J S b-oken into innumerable ourls of painful On bis ruddy cheeks a sparse sandy ?Td was making a timid debut. Add to this a „t good natured mouth, a pair of devil- may- blue eyes, tnd the fact that the man was very f® aRc| you have a pre-Raphaelite portrait — njftT as well sav it at once— of Mr. Larry !ora(e of Ballyshanty, county Connaught, and Ute of the U 9. eloop of war Santee. The man was a total stranger to Mrs. Bilkinsj hat the instant she caught eight of the double hitc anchors embroidered cn the lapels of his fjw ehe unhesitatingly t rew back the door, jtjich', ith great presenoe of mind, ehe had gutta closed. A druoken sailor standing on the steps of the Bi kina mnfion was no novelty. The street, .as ihavi stated, led down to the wharves, and Milore were constantly passing. The house abutted directly on the street ; the granite doorstop was linos! fiish with the sidewalk, and the huge old Lhioned braes knocker— seemingly a brasen l shut had been cut off at the wrist, and nailed St tin oak as a warning to malefactors-ex- tendel itself in a kind of grim appeal to every. L(iv It teemed (o possess strange fascinations for all sea aring folk j a_d when there was a 0 war in port the rat tat tat of that knocker vould frequently startle the quiet neighbourhood w Bfter midnight. There apeared to be an 0(A understanding between it and the blue- iackets. Years ago there was a young Bilkins, ' Pendexter Bilkins— a sad losel, we fear— who avay to try his fortunes before the mast, and M overboard in a gale off Hatteras. Lost at sea/ in the chubby marble slab in the Old South BarTi«e-Gvund, « detat 18 ' Perhaps that is why no blue-jacket, sober or drunk, was ever repulsed from iho deor of the Bilkins mansion. Of course Mrs. Bilkins had her taste in the master, and preferred them sober. But as this conl 1 not always be, she tempered her wind, so to loeak, ! o the shorn lamb. The flushed, pre- maturely old face that now looked up at her mored the good lady's pity. « What do you want f she asked kindly, i wife ' There's no wife for you here,' said Mre. Bilkins, somewhat taken aback. 1 His wife !' she thought ; ' it's a mother the poor boy etande in seed of.' Me wife,' repeated Mr. O'Rouke, for betther or for worse. < You had better go away,' said Mrs. Bilkins, bridling up, ' or it will be the worse for you.' ' To have and to kowld,' continued Mr. O'Rouke, wandering retrospectively in the maaes of the marriage service, ' to have and to howld, till death bvl luck to him !— takes one or the ither of us.' You're a blasphemous oreature,' said Mrs. Bilkins, severely. 'Thim's the words hie riverince spake this mornin', etandin foremost us,' explained Mr. O'Rouke. 1 stood here, see, and me jew'l 6tood there, aod the howly chaplain beyont.' And Mr. O'Rouke with a wavering forefinger drew a diagram of the interesting situation on the doore.ep. 1 Well,' returned Mre. Bilkias, 1 if you're a married man, all I have to sey is, there's a pair of fo.lt instead J one. You had better be off ; the pwon you want doesn't live here.' 1 Bsdad, thin, but she does. ' L ves here ?' 1 Surra a place elee.' 'The man's crazy,' said Mrs. Bilkins to her- nlf, Wuile Bhe thought him simply drunk she was not in the least afraid ; but the idea that ehe ifae conversing with a madman sent a chill over her. Shereaohed back her hand preparatory to shutting the door, when Mr. O'Rouke, with an agility that might have been expected from his previous fmnaitics, set one fuut on the threshold and frustrated the design. 'I want me wife.' he said eternlv. Unfortunately Mr. Bilkins had gone up town, tod there was no one in the house except Mar- guet, whose pluok was not te be depended on. The esse was urgeat. Wi'h the energy of de- cosir Mre. Bilkins suddenly placed the toe of her wot against Mr. O' Route's invading footand pushed it away. Tne effect of thia attack was to csose Mr. O'Rouke to describe a complete circle oone leg, and then sit down heavily on the threshold. The lady retreated to the hat-stand, od rested her hand mechanically on the handle of a bine cotton umbrella. Mr. O'Rouke partly turned his bead and emiled upon her with conscious superiori y. At this juncture a third jctor appeared on the scene, evidently a friend of Vr. O'Rouke, for he addressed that gentleman ae 8 spleen,' and t aid him to eo home. 'llivil ao.incb,' replied the sapleen; bat he got himself off the threshold, and resumed hie position On the step, 'It'soniy Lirry, mum,' said the man, touching his forelock politely ; as daccata lad as iver lived, hon he's not ia liquor ; an' I've known him to J® sober for days togither,' he added veflsotively. R® don't mane a hap'orth o' harum, but j let now 8 s 1 not quite in hie right moind.' I should thiuk not/ said Mre. Bilkins, turning m the speaker to Mr. O'Rouke, who had seated gravely on the scraper, and was weeping. irjnQ ' t'le man any friends ?' ih 'e :1< lu'1IQi ao' it® along wis. finkin toasts wid 'em that Larry gat thro wed. Ilt?hach that saploen has dhrunk this day woold «08 ? y® He give us the slip awhiles ago, bacl ' an> c jma UP ®r® Didn't I ted ye,- Sinn ' af«;her ringing at the owk I iiip.wllanBknoiker ? Ain't ye got mo einTse at Donnehugh,' said Mr. O'Rouke with W. i?nihy« 4ye're dhruok agin.' fbirtee i Qjneu® tl w had not taken more than directly rum PUQh< disdained to reply I BUbi?.' f, dw?nt lad enough/ — this to Mrs. toeinT , his head is wake. Whin he'e hac I lu'l< A he belaves he's jdhrank a bar' I Mdle hSi ouh of jimmy-John '1 ' Isn't there anybody to look after him P' T »u he'e an orphans his father and mother live iu the owld counthry, an a fine hale owld oouple they are.' Hasn't he any family in fhe town- — ?' ""/oumj be hhs a family j wasn't he mar ried this blessed mornin P' 8 He said eo.' 8 Indade, thin, he was, — the poor divil !' And the— the person ?' inquired Mre. Bilkins: Is it the wife, ye mane ?' 1 Yes, the wife : where is she P Well thin, mom/ said Mr. Donnehugh, ' it's yerself that can answer that.' 'If exclaimed Mrs. Bilkins. ' Good heavens ! this man's as crazy as the other !' Begorra, if anybody's crazy it's Larry, for it's Larry has married-Margaret/ What Margaret?' cried Mrs. Bilkins with a etart. Margaret Callaghan, sure/ 1 Our Margaret? Do you mean to say that OTJB Margaret has married that— that good-for- nothing, inebriated wretch !' It's a civil tongue the owld lady has, any way/ remarked Mr. O'Rouke, critically, from the eoraper. M e. Bilkins's voice during the latter part of the oolloqay bad been pitched in n high key j it rung through the hall and penetrated to the kitchen, where Margaret was thoughtfully wiping the breakfast things. She paused with a half-dried saucer in her hahd, and listened. In a moment more she stood, with bloodless face and limp figure, leaning against the banister, behind Mrs. BilkinB. Is it there' ye are, me jew'l! eries Mr. O'Rouke, discovering ber. Mrs. Bilkins wheeled upon Margaret. Margaret Callaghan, is that thing your hus band ?» Ye yes/ mum,' faltered Mrs. O'Rroke, with a woful lack of spirit. Then take it awayi' oried Mrs. Bilkins. Margaret, with a slight flash on either cheek, glided past Mrs. Bilkins, and the heavy oak door el )sed with a bang, as the gates of Paradise must have closed of old upon Adam and Eve. ' Come !' said Margaret, taking Mr. O'Rouke by the hand ; and the two wandered forth upon their wedding journey down Anohor street; with all the world before them where to choose. They ohose to halt at the small shabby tenement-house by the river, through the doorway of which the bridal pair disappeared with a reeling, eccentric gait ; for Mr. O'Rouke's intoxication seemed to have run down his elbow and communicated itself to j Margaret. O Hymen ! who burnetb preoious gums and scented woods in thy torch at the melting of aristooratie hearts, with what a pitiful penny-dip thou hast lighted up our matter-of-fact romance ! (to bk continued.) 