im; english mail. The mail steamship Tartar arrived in Sydney on Tueaday morning, bringing the maila and passengers transhipped from the Macgregor, stranded at Kandavau (as described in our Sydney correspondence). ïho maila fcr Mait land were delivered yesterday morning We take the following extrada from the Home Nitor and the European Mail of the 13th January. 'LATEST CITY INTELLIGENCE. Notwithstanding the influx of a considerable amount of gold to the bank, the dealings in public securities consist almost exclusively of sales, and the general oourse of prices is un- I favorable. Adverse reports continue to be cir- culated respecting the railway dividends, and quotations have also been influenced by a rise in the wheat market In failway stocks the prin- cipal feature is a fall of 1¿ per oent in Brighton. Great Northern "A" baa declined .£, Great Eastern and North-Eaatern §, and Great Wes- tern, Midland, North British, and South Eastern ' " A " ¿- to i Apart from an improvement of J to § in Peruvian of 1870 and 1872, the variations in foreign bonds are downward ; Turkish six per cents, of 1865 and 1871 have receded £ per cent.; ditto Five per Centa. of 1S65, ¿- ; Italian of 1861, i; Russian Five per cents (Scrip), ¿; and Spanish Three per Cents. 1-16. No im- portant ohange is observable in American and Canadian securities. In telegraph abares, Tele- graph Construction preaent a rise of 5o ; while Weat India and Panama are 2a 6d lower. The shares of the Sewage Companies are inquired for, especially Native Guano, which have advanoed 12s 6d. Foieigu Mines exhibit dulneas, and a slight reduction has occurred in Emma and Flagstaff. No movement is ap- parent in tbe Funda, the quotations being 92J to 92J for money, and 92¿ to 92| for the acoount. There has been little or no demand for money at the Bank, but in the open market a fair amount of business has been done, at 3§ to 3¿ per eent for three months billa. At the S took Exchange the rate for short loanB has not exceeded 2j¡ per cent. The markets for general securities are in an ezoited and irregular condition, and the ma- jority of stocks and shares, notwithstanding the great ease of money, and the influx of gold to the Bank, are at a considerable reduction A kind of panic was observable in the various Egyptian and Turkish Bonds, the breaking up of the Syndicates in their epeoial stocks, and the sale of Securities on this account, and to close heavy " bull" speculations, caused a rather alarming reduction, Turkish not even being favourably influenced by the official aocount with respect to the payment of the coupon due to-day in the Five per Cents, of 1865. Peruvian, also gave way ; but they, with Turkish and Egyp tion, after rallying about midday on good Paris prioes, again were pressed for aale, and tbe two last-mentioned stocks left off at alrcoat the worat of the day. French and Spanish did close at a fractional advance, but ¡J- from the best : Italian and Mexioan were a fraotion lower. The demand for accommodation at the bank is on a most restricted scale. In Lombard street and Cornhill there is great abundance of money, but brokers, expeoting an inoreased de- mand during the next two or three days, owing to the requirements in connection with the fort- nightly settlement, have not, as a rule, worked below 3f to 3£ per cent. We are now apparently-entering upon a period of obeap money, which, so fur as can at present De leen, is not likely to be interrupted for some time to come, as any demand for gold from the continent is expected to be fairly met by our Australian supplies. Trade, although somewhat restricted during the last few months, appears to be essentially sound, and the events of the last few weeks proves Jhat there is a large amount of oapital seeking investment. That ready channels will soon be plentiful enough, by the introduction of new loans and industrial undertakings, there can be no doubt, and we only caution the public to look well to the secu- rity offered before committing themselves to engagements either in loans to foreign countries or to companies which will not bear the strictest investigation. The department for Colonial Government Securities occupies a fairly steady position. Latest quotations are : Canada Six per Cent. Bonds realized 108J ex div ; the Inscribed Stock, 104| ex div. ; Cape of Good Hope Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 100J ; Ceylon Sir per Cents., 106 ; New South Wales Five per Cents, 106£ ex div. ; New Zealand Five per Cent. Consolidated, 104$ ; Six per Cent. Bonds, 112^; Queensland Six per Cents-, 113 ex div. ; Victoria ditto, 114£ ex div. ; the Five per cents., 106, $, ¿, and 106 ex. div.-Home News. The Bank rate of discount, wbioh was fixed on December 11 at 4£ per cent., was on January 8 reduced to. 4 per cent. This movement has been occasioned by the plethora of money in the open market, and the absenoe of any demand for discount at the Bank, ooupled with the fact that all arrivals of specie will be retained here, as there is no demand for gold for export During the last few days the Stock Exchange markets were dull, and in one or two securities, such as Peruvian, a considerable fall occurred on a pressure of sales. Subsequently a few purchases caused a better tone; and, on the announcement that à large amount of gold had been sent into, the Bank, and , that the traffic receipts of the principal English railways were unusually favourable, there was a brisk reoovery all round. At close foreign se- curities were firm Peruvian, French, and Spanish advanced, the latter on the intelligence that the chief opposition to the new Govern- ment is from the revolutionary mobs of the towns, while the army is everywhere faithful to the cause of order. Turkish, Russian, and Hun- garian were also in request, a good many buyers being attracted' by the low quotations. Greek was largely dealt in at wide prices. In Ameri- can Government bonds there was little change, but ¿ries, with some of the other speculative railway securities, were a shade weaker. The money market is again easier, and the floating balances can hardly be employed on any terms. The general rate is 3| per cent., but, while the brokers bave taken this where it was possible, they would bave been content with less when a bolder of bills chose to be exacttng. Consols close at 92$ to 92± for cash, and 92¿ to 92f for aooounti- Bank Stock 253 to 255.-European Mau. THE WOOL MARKET. The following extracts from the circulars of the Brokers since the conclusion of the fifth series of sales for the present year will afford a pretty accurate estimate of the preeent course of the marketB. Messrs. Jacomb, Son and Co. say:-Since the olose of the last aeries of salea there baa been * little inquiry for woola by private con- tract, and-a slightly better tone may be quoted. We have from time to time drawn attention to tbe ill-usage of wool bales by dumping for ship- ment j this has lately been carried in some in- stances to the most reprehensible pitoh, whole cargoes being occasionally landed in a shame- fully shapeless, caked, and tattered condition. Mr. Helmuth Sohwsrtze states that, as usual at this time of the year, the market is perfectly quiet. The better tone in the United States continues, but trade in Europe remains in a dull oondition. On the ground of the modérale stocks of wool, it ia hoped that present prices may be maintained in the spring sales. Messrs. J. T. Simes and Co.-''ince the con- clusion of the last aeries no new feature in the state of our market has presented itself, it re- mains in the same inanimate condition tbat characterised the conrse of publio sales; ao conots from home manufacturing districts are, however, not dispiriting; from the continent, on the other hand, no improvement ia reported. At the elose of the year stock-taking chiefly occupies the attention of manufacturers, rather \- than any activity in entering on new and pro- I apeotive engagement«. - I ' Messrs. Webster, Darvall, and Co. report. The markets in Yorkshire bave opened firmly in the new year, but little busints8*bas as yet been done to teat prices. Muoh w 11 depend in Feb- ruary upon the arrivals then to hand. Should they prove within moderate compass, full prices will most probably be maintained, but with any pressure of stocks beyond sufficient to meet im- mediate wants, a slight fall may be expeoted, in anticipation of tbe arrival of the bulk of tbe clip in May and July. So far a* present ap- pearances go, they learTua to suppose that about \- 100,000 bales will be the limit. The shipments " «float from the River Plate to Antwerp are some 10,000 bales, or 30 per cent, leas than at the corresponding period of last year, IU.TKST. Messrs Hazard and Oaldecott state that up to January 12 the following quantity of wool has ?rrjyed for tbe tales fixed to commence on Feb. 12 í-6601 balesSydney and Queensland,65Í9 bales Port Phillip, 153 bak'8 Van Dieman's Land, 1372 bales Adelaide, 2297 bales New Zealand, and 15,775 bales Cape. Total, 32,077 balea. Accounts from the manufacturing dis- tricts state that consumption goes steadily on, and in the home districts a good spring trade is expected ; foreign trade is dull, especially in Germany. There has lately been a demand for America, and Borne large mills there have again begun working. Stocka of wool everywhere are light. Messrs. Webater, Darvall and Co, under date January 12, state that the market continues healthy and entirely free from speculation, with small transactions passing from day to day to keep up stocks until tbe new wool comes to band five weeks hence. The arrivals to dite are only 16,000 bales Australian, including 60C0 bales from Sydney and Melbourne respectively, and 16,000 from the Capo ; of the latter some portion has been transhipped. As before remarked, the supply in February will mainly regulate valueB, but in all probability December rates will generally be woll supported. PRESERVED MEATS. The Australian Meat Agency (Tallerman's) Company, Limited, fur o Üb the following trade report for 1873 : " The acouunts for the year 1873 having been published, show a marked decrease in the im- portation of Australian preserved meats, tbe total quantity being 13,061 tons, of the value of £733,848, aa against 17,601 tons, valued at £906,680, in 1872. Tbe number of oasea was 260,763, as against 321,785 in 1872. The respective contributions of each colony being as follows : 1873\. 1872. . Victoria. 91,147 ... 141,41(5 New Zealand. 77,996 ... 86,200 New South Wales. 50,273 ... 66,778 South Australia . 21,444 ... 10,500 Queensland . 19,933 ... 16,891 260,763 321,785 Showing a difference of 61,022 cases, the larger portion of which aroBe in the shipments from Victoria, in which colony most of. the meat preaerving establishments had ceased working, owing to the high prices demanded for sheep by the settlers. Whether the course thus pursued is a judicious one, remains to be seen, but it can scarcely be expeoted that a young trade can be { carried on without regalar supplies, and should the demand that has been created be allowed to die out, it will not eaaily be revived. It cannot be too deeply impressed npon the minds of settlers that wool will not always maintain its present high rates, and the rapid manner in whioh runs beoome atooked, may in a very short time cause sheep to be at nominal prices again. The production of meat, as well as of wool, ahould, therefore, be the study of all colonista engaged in pastoral pursuits. " The imports, as far as they suited the re- quirements of the trade, have been fairly taken into consumption ; on many ocoaaions several itema have been entirely out of the market Stooka'as a whole are muoh lighter than they were this time last year. Prices during the year have been folly maintained, and while the declared value of the importations of 1872 give an average of £51 10s. 2d per ton, or say 5£d. per lb, those for 1873 reach £56 3s. 3d., or a fraction over 6d per lb. This increase may be traced in some measure to the enhanced value of the small-sized tins, whioh comprised most of the shipments for the year. " Many of the limited meat-preserving com- panies having oeased working, their placea have been moat advantageously supplied by private establishments, and a marked improvement is apparent, both in the selection of shipments and the preservation of the meats. It ia to be hoped that this improvement will continue, sa it will tend not only to increase the demand, but also the prioe The trade tbat waa done last year in the midland counties, and the other oentres of the working-olass districts, has almost entirely ceased, while the demand amongst tbe better class of grocers and Italian warehouse- men continues to increase in a moat aatiafaotory manner, showing that the meats bave taken a firm, permanent hold amongBt the middle-class consumers. " The continental demand his increased very muoh, and will probably do so still more. The difficulty that existed, owing to the meats in many countries being classed as luxuries, and saddled with a heavy duty, has in some in- stances been removed, and they are now olassed as fresh and salt meatB, paying bat a nominal rate. It is likely that other governments will also make concessions of the same'oharaoter. " The importation of preserved beef from South America and Texas is beginning to assume large proportions, and it is likely that, sa the quality ia good, these importations will make a position for themselves in this market, and rapidly increase in quantity. " The failure of the experiment of Mr. Har- rison for importing meat in ice caused consider- able regret. It had been hoped by many that, if not an entire success, it would have led to one. Probably steps will be taken on this side to further test the principle. " Numerous processes have been brought for- ward, but none in a commercial manner. Somo large shipments of mutton bama have arrived, and sold fairly at rates that leave a fair profit to the packer. About 150 tons of these goods have arrived during the year, realising 37s to 40s per owt. in original paokages. They require considerable care and attention on being un- packed, to make them of a presentable and marketable appearanoe. " The trade has had some atrange phases daring the year, 61b tins, both of beef and mutton, bave been exceedingly eoarce, and on many ocoasions were dearer than smaller-sized tins." AUSTRALIAN HIDES, TALLOW, &c.; Since the date of our last'iasue only one sale of hides has been held, at which Australian were in limited request, but the portion sold fully realised late ratea Of 5032 salted ox and cow brought forward only 2130 sold, best heavy, average 54 to 62 lba, at 6d ; seconda ditto, 5d; beat light, 5fd to 6¿d; and seconds, 5£d per lb. Nothing doing in horae bides, 210 salted Australian being withdrawn. Of tallow the sales bave reaobed 1324 casks-Sheep, fine pale, at 42s 6d ; one lot, 42a 9d ; good fair to good, 40s to 40a 9d ; rather dark to fair, 37s 9d to 39s 9d ; dark and inferior, 34s 6d to 37s 3d ; mixed melting, dull to good, 35s 6d to 38s ; dark to rather dark, 33s to 35s 3d ; very dark, 32s to 32s 6d down to 31s; for dark green, very dark part badly dregged, 30s; watery, 28s. Beef, good to very good, 37s 6d to 88a ; dark to good fair, 35s to 37b; darker to very dark, 34s 3d to 32a 6d. Cocoa nut oil has ruled quiet since our list, but as importers do not press paroels, prices remain unohanged ; Sydney, aa to quality, being quoted at £31 to £35 per ton. In sheepskins, borna, and bonea, there are no transactions reported, and prices remain unohanged» CORN. Tbe importations of foreign oats have been large, while those of other kinds of foreign and of all horne grain have been moderate There waa a small attendance of buyers at market, but as there was not much offering of English wheat, prices remained about the same. The demand for foreign wheat was not extensive, but holders of this description were extremely firm, and in the sales made full rates were ob- tained. Foreign flour met with a moderate in- quiry, but the turn in price was, if anything, in favour of the seller. There is no change to notioe in the value of any description of barley. The oat trade was firm, and there was a fair amount of business done at, in most cases, an improvement of 3d to 6d per quarter. Beans and peas unchanged. Maize firm, at the late advance. The trade in floating oargoes of wheat has been extremely firm, and in the business transacted, particularly in Russian wheat, the tendency of prices has been decidedly in sellers' favour. Sales of Russian wheat have been made at 61s to 63s 6d per 492 lbs, o. f. and i, aeoording to quality, while American may be quoted 60s to 61s 6d per "480 lbs. o. f. and i. Maize has been in steady demand at 37s to 37s 6d per 480 lbs. o. f. and i. for mixed American, and barley met a fair inquiry at 31s to 31s 9d per 400 lbs. for perfeot cargoes of new Danubian. Australian wheat is now quoted at 64s to 66s per quarter. METALS. Shipments have fallen off considerably, and home consumption, as well as trade generally, has been limited to the supply of actual present requirements whioh would not brook delay. Stocks are generally low, makers thinking it wise, under existing uncertainty, to make to order rather than for stock. Orders have just been sufficient, in some cases, to keep the works moving, although very generally the men 'are on short time. Some establishments have closed their works entirely for a time, and are patiently awaiting the recurrenoe of a period of more general activity before putting their machinery in motion. The market for copper bas been steady, but lackiug in vitality, and quotations baye been subject only to slight variations. Tbe Ia3t charters from Chili, consisting of 350 tons cf ore and regulus and 1,200 tons of bars and ingots, has not had any effect upon the market, and the oIosídh quotations are:-Lota, £82 15s; gob, £83 cash and £85 three months There are huyera of Wallaroo, a't £93 10s. The future of this metal must depend upon the inexorable law of supply and demand, and there at present no data upon whioh to ground an opinion as to what the course of the market may be Iron : In con- sequence of the reourrenoe of the Christmas holidays less work h?s been done, but notwith- standing the vicissitudes of the year, and the crisis through which the trade his pissed, and th loss of a large amount of orders which, under more favourable circumstances, might have b en p!ao.d in England, and tho inainteuauce of high prices, it is very generally expected that the year upon whioh we are now entering will prove ono of greater prosperity than that whioh has ju&t; closed ; and it is earnestly to be desired that no differences of opinion between labour and capital should mar the fulfilment of a " consummation so devoutly to be wished for. ' Lead unchanged. Good soft English pig, £24 to £24 5s Spelter : Silesian, £26 5s ; English hard, £17 Tin : The market is weak, and prices are drooping. Sraits is now quoted at £115. Tin plates aro quiet at the moment. IC coke plates are quoted 30s. Since the date of our last 435 tons Burra Burra oopper have changed bands at £92 to £92 10s for cash; £92 to £94 with three weeks to three months prompt, and 290 tons Wallaroo at £93 10a to £94 5s for oasb, and £93 15s to £95 with three weeks to three months prompt. Of tin the sales havo amounted to 25 tons, at £115 to £116 lös; 20 tons for arrival, at £113 to £114 ; 5 tons for delivery any time this year, at seller's option, at £95 per ton. Australian Tin Ore sold in London ou Janu" ary 6 :-28 owt. at £10, 25 at £32, 20 at £52, 39 at -elO, 20 at £10 12s 6d, 24 at £9 15s, 130 at £33. GENERAL ITEMS. Beeswax.-2 oases New Zealand bought'in at £8, 10 packages of Australian wero partly sold, dull yellow to good mixed, at £7 to £4. Honey.-2 oases of Australian havo been withdrawn. Lard.-Of 32 oasks Australian 4 casks only sold at 30s 61 to 31s 3d j the remaiuder was bought in at 31s. Mimosa Bark.-Of 513 tons offered but 23 tons Bold, Melbourne long, £7 7s 6i per ton. Skins.-Of 495 Australian goat 210 sold, mixed, 5s. The Herald quotes the following from an American souroe : DUKE OP EDINBURGH'S MARRIAGE. [cable despatch.] St. Petersbur¿h, January 23.-The marriage oeremony of the Duke of Edinburgh and the Prinoess Maria commenced at noon to-day, in the presence of a vast assemblage of guests, in the Winter Palace and the various galleries. The ladies were sumptuously attired, the pre- vailing oostumes, particularly of Russian ladies, were velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, wtth the exception of the American Diplomatists. After assembling, a procession was formed, with the Grand Equerries Cham- berlains, and other officers of the Court leading, then came the Emperor and the Empress Im perial, Prinoe and Princess of Wales, the Prinoess Imperial of Germany and Denmark, and Prinoe Arthur. Theo came the bride and the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. The bride was splendidly ap- parelled in a long crimson velvet mantle trimmed with ermine, and she wore a diamond coronet. Her train was borne by four pages. Tben followed an immense procession of the Imperial family, priests, frieuds, princes, and court officials. Tbe Imperial Russian Prinoe wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, tho Prince of Wales the scarlet, British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of a Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the RuBsiari Order of St. Andrew. The Prinoess of Wales was dressed in dark crimson velvet, with dia- mond coronet and collar, and pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed in the same style. The Russian Princess's dress was blue velvet and gold. Prince Arthur acted as oue of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favours. The procession, upon reaching the Russian Church, was received by the Metropolitan Head of the Russian Cburoh of the Holy Synod, bearing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted the bride and bridegroom to the middle of the churoh, assum- ing his station, with the Empress immediately behind. Around tbe bridegroom stood Prioco Arthur and the Grand Dukes The wedding rings, borne on golden salvers, were depo- sited on the altar temporarily, nntil placed on the Sngers of the bride and bridegroom. The magnificent ohapel was illuminated with innu- merable wax candles; the floor was covered with velvet, orimson, and gold carpet ; the pillars and alter were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The orowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair,-Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Serguis that over the bride. The Imperial Coofe<sor then said : " Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned for this hand-maiden of God, Maria Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Prince Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy orown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Ephesians, 5th chapter, 20th and 23rd verses, were read. After the reading was concluded, the.marriage at Cana of Galileo was read The orowns wera re- moved, and the married couple, walked thrice around the raised dais, holding to the tip of the oonfeseor's robe with one hand and a candle in the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony thosicramental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. After- ward the choir sang " Glory to Tbee, O Lord !" concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services. The proces- sion thc.n slowly formed, proceeding to the Hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Dean Stanley, of -Westminster Abbey, officiated. The wall» were decorated with battle pictures. Dean.Stanley, who during the solemnization of the Greek church service, wore a Protestant Episcopal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared on the altar wearing au Episcopal surplice, with a jewelled collar of tbe Order of Bath around his neok, was assisted by two resident English clergymen Both the American and the English oolony were gathered i ou the left of the altar. Conspicuous among j them was . Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord Loftus, tho English Minister, and I Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in fnll oostrme, were also present.' Es- pecially notable was the venerable Prince Gortahakoff, surrounded by leading mem- bers of the Busdan nobility. The. Epis- copal chants were givon by Russian chorister lads, -in long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, the bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prinoa Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding aervice waa then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princesa res- ponding aooording to the form enjoined in the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benodiotion, "God the Father, God the Son, and God tho Holy Ghost-bleaa, preserve, and keep you," wa8 especially touching. The aervices being concluded, Dean Stanley congra ' tulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Catholio dignitaries were present. The bride looked earnest, sweet, fair-faced; the bridegroom grave, aelf-posaessed. The Prin- cesa of Walea was lovely, pale, and deli- cate. The German Crown Princesa looked healthy-the image of her mother, Queen Viotoria. The Prince of Walea wsb appa rently on excellent terma with the German Ptinoe, and both looked well. During the oere mony in the English chapel, the Empresa of Russia, being a confined invalid and fatigued, seemed overcome, and made a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes when the married oonple saluted her. The ceremony being con eluded, the crowd dispersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm Au illumination of the public squares took place, and the general scene Was one of splendid festivity. The service formed an extraordinary combination of ceremony, wealth, pomp, and splendour After the marriage ritea there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball st the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were formally marched to the bridal chamber, accompanied by the Emperor and officers of the Court. The festivities were continued after the retirement of the happy souple, the Emperor being present. 