mttst THE FATE OF LEICHARDT.—If the information which haB to-day reached us by telegraph from Brisbane is to be depended upon, the mystery of Dr. Leichardt's fate may be looked upon as finally solved* It will be remembered that some two years ago a convict named Andrew Hume intimated that he had a clue to the whereabouts of the relics of the Leichardt party. After fnll enquiry the authorities in New Louth Wales were so far satisfied with his story as to allow him to enter upon his search. A free passage to the Boper Biver, and a complete outiit on reaching that destination, were granted him by the South Australian Government, and in 1872 he set out upon his solitary trip into the interior. The impression of our special correspondent in the Northern Territory, who had opportunities of conversing with him and testing his knowledge prior to his departure from the Roper, waB that he fully understood the business he had taken in hand, and was well acquainted with the manners, customs, and language of the blacks of North Austialia, and the result of Hume's researches justifies the view he took. For nearly two years the search has been continued, and the people of Australia, as well as those interested in the cause of exploration all the world over will find a melancholy satisfaction in knowing that it has been successfuL We have no information at hand as to the exact locality of the head waters of Stuart's Creek, the place at which the survivor of Leichardt's ill-starred expedition has been found, but the creek itself was psssed by Mr. McKinlay in 1862 in his joumty from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the eastern coast of Queensland. It is situated in about latitude 19°, and longitude 144°, and was crossed by McKialay at a spot not far distant from the present track of the telegraph to Norman ton. We shall look with interest for further evidence respecting the results of Humeis expedition. THE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL. — The Governor held a Couucil on Thursday, at which two Ministers were present. THE IK COMING STEAMEB. — The Bangalore upon her arrival at Glenelg will receive rather more attention than the previous P. & O. steamer did; the President of the Marine Board having drafted one of the best Diiots from the Semaphore Station, and sent him with one of the beach boats to the mail hulk to await the vessel. THE CHIEF SECRETARY.—The Treasurer has been appointed Acting Chief Secretary during the absence of the Hon. A. Blyth in Victoria. DEATH FROM DROWNING.—On Wednesday morning, February 4, it was reported at the Port Adelaide Police Station that Thomas Davidson, mate of the brig Emily Smith, and brother of the master of that vessel, was missing. Fears were entertained that he had fallen from the wbarf whilst attempting to go on board during the previous evening. The police proceeded at once to the spot, and almost immediately dragged the body from the water beneath the stage laeading to tbe ship. The corpse was conveyed to the dead-house, and an inquest will be held to-day. MABIKE BOARD ENQUIRIES.—On Wednesday! February 4, the evidence of Captain Wiison was taken in reference to the collision between the Bangatira and St. Magnus, and the enquiry was further adjourned until next day. Au enquiry was also held respecting the grounding of the Cornuvia, but a decision was not arrived at. ADELAIDE PHILHARMONIC SOCIKTT. — AR announced elsewhere, tbe first rehearsal of Baydn's "Seasons" in connection with Society will take place to-night. GlESfxa RAILWAY. — Another meeting of the citizens opposed to the Glenelg Railway jroixig through Victoria- square will be held this «veniog at the Perseverance Inn, Gilles-street, as advertised. THE ROAD BOARD.—Messrs. R. Smith and G. McKwin, J. P., hare been appointed by the Governtuent as members of the Central Board of Main Roads. ACCHJEKTS.—On Tuesday, February 3, owing to Samuel Woods, a labourer, slipping from a ladder which was leaning against a house where he was working, to the ground, his shoulder-blade was broken, and his chest and arms slightly bruised. On Monday, February 2, John Jeffrey, a labourer, of Cudlee Creek, was driving a spring-cart on his road home when the horse shied, and turnicg round sharply upset the vehicle. The occupant was thrown to the ground, and the weight of the horse, which fell upon him, broke his right shoulder bone. Both these sufferers were admitted into the Adelaide' Hospital, and are now doing well. URNAL, THURSDAY, FE WRSTETAW CHOBGB, BTBATHALBTW.—This cb'irrh, wbieh has beeu elvted for some months fcr l u.'ar^eineat and renovation, wbieh are now comrletcd, was reopened on Sunday, February 1\. The FCT. J. Bickford, of Adelaide, conducted the morning and eveniug services. Crowded congregations gathered from all parts of the Circuit. The Rev. J. H. Williams, Primitive Metbodist, preached in the afternoon to a !arge audieuee. The inevitable tea meeting on Monday was a great success, the murter of friMidf exceeding that on any previous occasion. Mr. W. P.hodes, of Adelaide, presided over the Public gathering, when the building was crammed. The Revs. J. H. Williams, F. S. Pcolf : , J. Y. Simpson, Messrs. Catt, Milnes, and T. Stephens tpoke. Children, under the leadership of Mr. Elliott, rendered several pieces of nui- ic with effect. The amount promised towards the cost of the alterations up to this date i- £514. The proceeds of the tea and collections were about £35. The chapel is neat aEC commodious. Tbe Rev. J. Y. Simpson, the circuit njiniEter, has worked long and earnestly in colleclirg funds for the rebuilding of this p^ace of worship, and has had much uphill work to contend with. He deserves the gratitude of tbe Wesleyan community in Strathalbyn for his uLc-casing endeavours on their bet alf. AcciDtHTAL POISONING. — The Brisbane Courier reports a case of accidental poisoning by which Mr. J. Guilfoyle, an employ^ at the Government printing office, nearly met his death. Mr. Guilfoyle had been suffering from an attack of bile, for which he took a blue pill, intending, according to prescription, to take a black draught in the morniDg. On awaking he requested his wife to pour out the draught, when, by mistake, she took up an ounce bottle half full of sulphuric acid (which had been recently used in a case of diphtheria), and pourirg the acid into a glass gave it to her husband. Be drank it off at once; but soon afterwards, feeling in great pain, he told his wife she must have given him the wrong bottle, and the dreadful error was at once discovered. Mrs. Guilfoyle almost fainted with alarm, but the tufTerer had sufficient presence of mind and strength to dress and rush across the street to the residence ef Mr. W. Smith, homoeopathic practitioner, who, on learning the occurrence, administered an emetic. Dr. Bencrott was soon in attendance, and applied all the proper remedies; but throughout tbe day Mr. Guilfoyle lay in a precarious state, and but slender hopes were entertained of his recovery. CLERICAL ASSAULT.—The following, taken from the A rgus, will throw light upon a tele* pram in to-day's issue:—"Some time ago the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, angry with one of bis flock, Mr. Michael Clanchy, for, as he thought, stopping the business at a meeting of the Geelong and Western District St. Patrick's Society, got tip and turned him him out of the room. Mr. Clanchy has now summoned the ven. gentleman for an assault, and the case is put down for hearing in the Geelong County Court on Tuesday, February 3. DEATH OP THE'RACEB DON JUAN,—The Argus on February 2 said:—" A great deal of astonishment was excited among racing men in Melbourne on Saturday afternoon by tha rumour that the celebrated cup winner Don Juan had died suddenly. The eventf .was so unexpected, that at first moBt people refused to believe it, but on inquiry it proved unfortunately to be too true. On Saturday morning the horse was out on the training ground at St. Alban's near Geelong, and by direction of Mr. James Wilson he was sent a short gallop of a mile and a quarter. The horse went in his usual determined manner, but Mr. Wilson noticed that he seemed to have a little of that Boreness under the left shoulder that affected him a short time before the Melbourne Cup was run for. A little blood was alEO noticed in his nostrils, but as the horse did well on being brought back to his box, no notice was taken of these symptoms, and Mr. Wilson came up to Melbourne by the first train, and reported the horse to be doing well. While Mr. Wilson was arranging with Mr. Joseph Thompson, the owner of the horse, what raeas he was to go for at Geelong, a telegraphic in essage wes received by the former that the horse had died suddenly. Mr. Wilson at once returned to Geelong. taking with him avet9rinary surgeon, for the purpose of making a post-mortem examination. Our Geelong correspondent informs us by telegraph that at 20 mioutes past 10 o'clock on Saturday the horse, which had been bleeding internally, fainted, and died. Mr. Vincent, veterinary purgeon, made a post- mortem, elamination on Sunday morning. He found the cavity of the chest full of blood, and a further examination sbowc-d a rent of an inch long in the posterior vena cava, which was the cause of death. The lung was also much disorganized and congested. As the horse was reported to have done the mile 60 well, this puzzles . Mr. Vincent. The wrench must have been severe, the blood- vessel being torn from the diaphragm. T' e heart was very large, and weighed 11^ lb3. The death of this very valuable animal is a great loss to his owner, who has suffered severely by the death of several fine horses within the last 12 months. The performances of Don Juan were first-class. His first, appearance was at Caulfield, where he beat a field of moderate horses easily. At the V.R.C. Spring Meeting he won the Essendon Stalt PP, beating Horatio and Fitz Yatteadon. He then carried off the Melbourne Cup with ease in the fastest time on record. At the s»me meeting he won the Royal Park Stakes and the Queen's Plate. At the New Year's Day meeting he won the Canterbury Stakes. Bis career on the turf was a short but glorious one, for he won every race he started for, and beat all the best horses of his day. Great as his public performances were, they were nothing to what he has done in private. Mr. Thompson has been so discouraged at the IOBS of this horse that he has determined to give up racing, and, if not sold privately, his racing stud—consisting of King of the Ring, Mentor, Torpedo, Steeltrap, and a colt (two years) by Tregeagle—will be sold by auction. A good deal of sympathy has been expressed for Mr. Thompson in hia misfortune." ORDINATION OP WESLEYAH MINISTERS.—On Wednesday evening, February 4, the Revs. S. T. Witbington, J. H. Trevorrow, W. H. Rofe. J. Read, B. G. Edwards, and P. C. Thomas were, in the Pirie-street Church, admitted into the Methodist ministry. The Rev. W. L. Binks, President of the Conference, presided, and there were also a number of other Wesleyan ministers on the platform. After a hymn had been sung and prayer offered, several of the candidates related the circumstances of their conversion and their choice of ministerial work. The President then catechised according to tbe set order of service the applicants as to their conviction of being called by the Holy Spirit to the labour they had undertaken, their faith in the inspiration of the Scriptures, their behef in the constitution of the Methodist Church as ftt forth by Wesley, and their willingness to be governed by the Conference, and to submit themselves to their seniors in the ministry. Portions of the Scriptures were next read by tho President, after which silent prayer was t'fTen d. A hymn having been sung, the ministers assembled approached the kneeling candidates and Itiid their hands upon them, the President Raying—"Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for tbe office and work of a Christian minister ai.d pastor now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou & faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of the Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This was followed by a delivery of a copy of the Bible to each of the newly-ordained ministers, with the words:— " Take thou authority to preach the Word of God and to administer the Holy Sacraments in 'tbe congregation." A prayer having been offered a hymn followed, and the Rev. J. Bickford_ then .read the ordination charge, 'basing his address on the words, " I speak concerning Christ and the Church."—Ephesians v. 32\. Be urged that the preachers should not be content with superficial and emotional discourses, but ought to instruct the people in the deeper doctrines of the resurrection of Christ and tho everlasting states of happiness and punishment. They should never forget that the great Head of their Church was Christ, and loyalty to Him in the salvation of souls was strictly demanded of them. He then detailed the various branches of Church work in which the minister was called to devote his whole energy, and concluded by pointing out what temporal support and brotherly sympathy was reasonably to be expected in return for a devotion to spiritual ministrations. The pronouncing of the benediction closed the service, which was followed by the administration of the Lord's Supper. There vas a large congregation. 