. LUSHlN GLU N I ATIC A. '/ : ; By MARK JOHNSON,' j . (autmoef nbsriTAL SCENE! ) " Ote lilm strong, drink until ho wick Thav'jsInklijgindMpilr, ' ' And i'QUorguid te-llro htn falcod, - 1 hit's preas wi'Erlof ai' faro; An ot him b iuro, an doep caroulo, W,' b-mperf, ilowiu' o.;r. lill he I lite iov.s an' debts, an' minds his Rriefi no more." , . - Cld Bona. By acting too much on the spirit of tho promptings embodied In tho abovo stanza, many.- individuals weaken, and gradually and almost nnconeciodily, destroy that powor of will which it is' aboblutoly necessary that a man shonld possess for his own good sake, and which ho shonld bo able ovor to health fully, exeroiae overithe cravings of a diseased appetite. Doctors toll, us, and, indeed, a mero snporfiolal observer may readily discern, tho same thing— that this oraving— springing at first, it may bo, from sourco ridiculously trifling, and afterwards nourished, perhaps, from soversl out of a hundred distiuot tribu taries, which all tend to swell tho evil— such as fear, orime, profligacy, poverty, love, romorse, &o.; — at last grows into an absolute mania, and, when it becomes Buch, its ravoges stand ont in bold relief, 'amply proving Its presence" and strength by the, terrible tyranny whloh' it displays overjtho will and reason, ;whiob beoome violently prostrated, and often brokon utterly. , Strong' drink in considered, to bo, and probably is, ono of the' 'grecteat banos of civilised , naeions : yot, I hold a humble opinion "that, in ita place, it involves' m'uoh real good . It ohcerB the heart of a poor man, and makes him- for a timo feel equal to the wealthiest. It makes the faint-hearted hopeful and couraeoous. Men of literary talent under Its inflncnco have startled and astonishod tho world by their burning elo- quenoo in proBe and vereo. By the sick bed, ton, its worth ia often plainly apparent. The reaction whioh besets a' man after having ub d it too "largely ia a', con sideration whioh, certainly, speaks rather strongly in its disfavor ; but, I opino that an individual so suffering can easily oomprohend that ho suffers simply through wanton excess in what is a very good thing when rightly used ; and I am furthor of opinion that if he arrive at no sonsible determination — founded on the re sults exporionoed during that reaction— he is a man destitute of even a medium degree of resolution and judgment. ' Good Templars and all other members of the "orystal spring" aro certainly very self-denying in thoir efforts and example, and I acqniosco their exertions aro laudable, but "liquor guld to fire the bludo" will always fiud votaries. I would have tho sluggish heart bo quickened, tho dull eye be brightened, the faint and sorrowful soul be gladdened— by the nse of it rationally and tomporately. " There ia a joy in tho oup, though stern moraliserB would disturb and destroy its Bweetness by placing it cheek by jowl with death ; thoro is a pleasure in it, as HolmoB sings so well : — Flvh out SRirzam of bV 0 '-red wioe, For 1 w uUluriLk to other days ; And hrlshtor elinll heir mo > ory ah no Soon fl mli g i hrough ita c irmon biazi J 1 ho roso ' dl", tho summers ado, f u: every ghost ol boyhord'a dream By Nature's magle power 1b laid 'To a'.ocp b neath rhia blocd-rcd stream. It flilcd 111 J purple grates lint lay, — And cauzhi tho tp'.ond jr. ot tlio nun.— Wharo Iho loDg summer's o oud ess day Lies mirrored in iho bro.-d Gsxonne ; It plcturoi still ho bacchaulo shapes That stwthelr boarded sunlUht shod,— The ma dons dano'ng o i tho grspos Their mi k-uliil) aok'.es sp.ashed with rod. rono.th 'hrsow.vcs <t o-!m:o. lie- in r»«y lat er, pr'strrd last— Thoso fl ttlng shapes r list never die — 1 ho swift-wi gsd visions ol tho psit ; ' Kiss tut tho crystal's myst'c rim, — \- Ea h shadow ror.it, its flewary chain. Springs in a buhblo frern its brim, And walkstho chimb rsof ilia braiii, Judging, in my own mind, from a standpoint which I have established on the results of many Instances that have come under my own notice, I am led, perforce, to speak of one striking consideration connected with this subject— viz , that it Is a. task of ex- treme d'ffioulty, employing many complicated yet imperatively judioions arrangements, to restrain this diseased craving, and load it back to healthy action, when it hr.s onoo grown deeply rooted, ana this foot loads me to consider another branch of tho subject ; that rolaliog to tho treatment of individuals who are aflliotcd in a high degree with this particular mania. The exoe'lent opportunities I havo had to observe and judge of the varying degrees of strength whioh this mad longing ocquireB upon different minds, leads me to the con clusion that it is next to utterly impossible to rostore a cool and perfect state of sanity to a brain that has once madly whirled with delirhim tremens. Persons with eold-water-propenaities will, probably, graBp tho foregoing statemont to use it as an argument to rofato othor por tions of this article. They are wolcomo. I merely writo down — in a rambling, digres sive style — just whatever ideas obanco to iu- fluccco me at this moment ; nor is there any particular objeot in prospective to be at tained by this article. It will probably be observed that secinghow liable men aro to be overpowered by this grievous misfortune, and, although thsirmlnds recognise a sort of prospective aseuranco oi bitter after consequences, they closely ap. proach the verge cf oareleBS langor, — it wero well they should stand altogether clearat tho very onset, if they would emerge scatheless. Of course the latter doduction will strike tho minds of nineteen out of every twenty, see ing it is but a natural inference, and by tha bye, ono of the oldest weapons uBed by the Crystal Springers, But wnat about tho thousands who nro already In tho toils? It ia oustomary in thoso places set apart for the management of Inebriates to obligo those who come for treatment to obey certain rules, such as "total abstinoncs from all intoxicants, tobacco, &o.;" Suppos ing a patient to be admitted wbiio sufforing from delirium tremens, he is placed in a plainly furnished apartment, under tho oharge of an attendant, fn the coarse of two or threo days tho delirium gonerally sub sides, and then comos tho tug of war be tween tho good resolutions aud tho disordered craving of tho man. It is generally a most , sovcro, and sometimes n long protrsotcd 1 strugglo. H<S may appear to gradually ob tain tho better victory, but it is a most un- mlstakeably improbable one. I know a man who had been three months in such an in stitution, who at tho end of that period camo, with teats in hiB eyes to his attondant, and earnestly offored a gold ring, worth aboat £2, lot only a toaspoonful of brandy. This olasB of institutions aro Bomowhat prevalent in Amorica, and largely need by every grade of society. Reports aro pub lished at regular intervals, concerning pro gress made, cures offeotod, &c.; They read very well j but, knowing what I kuow, I believe all could bo summed up iu tho short sentence, "Temporary relief has been afforded to a great number." However, the intention is the point, and, certainly, that deserves genuino praise. After tho stiugglo between the gcod and bad powers In tho great roaotlon before al luded to, I consider the patient should have ovcry coDOoivablo tbing presented before him, to withdraw bis attention from his groat bosctmont— Buoh as billiards, bowls, quoits, cards, books, &c.; This fact should bo considered as ono of the most important points, and, in most institutions, it is. If there nre no pleasant objects, or modes of amusemont, tho patient soon grows dull and listless — a wearisome depression settles on tho mind like a biaok oloud. Husband: "If, as I said before, Matilda, you Btill cherished that feeling of aileotlon for me whiebyou onoo professed, my wish would be law to j oi. 1 repeat it, Matilda— Iuw 1" Matilda :" Lor I" 