FICTION. (From English, American, and oth«r Ferledlcali.) A..IN" NABEL; OB, THE TEMPTATION. CHAPTER XXI. THE TEBBXBI.E BEVELATION. Amid the perfect silence which reigned in and around the solitary house at Dugden, Annabel slept profoundly, and to a Ute hour on the following day. when she awoke she felt thoroughly refreshed and strengthened, yet so deep had been the slumber which had sealed her senses, that the sight of the strange loom m which her ejes opened, filled her for some moments with astonishment Presentlj, however, ehe remembered the events of the previous night, and knew where she was. The one window of the chamber beicg small, with ivy creepers trailing over its exterior, the light was BO dim that she deemed it to be jet early morning. She was therefore m no hurry to stir, but lay, survey- ing the old-fashioned furniture and appointments of the room, which were of a. style such as she had sever seen. BesideB being queer and ancient in shape, they wore a dull aspect of neglect. Damp and dust were plainly discernible everywhere In many places the paper hung away from the wall in mouldering tatters, wbile very black and very thick cobwebs held gnm possession of the cornera-ill suggestive of a place long foioak°n and unvi-itec1 The feeling with which Annabel regarded the in tenor of the chamber in which she had passed th« sight was that of faint cunosity Deeming noi that it would ever have a personal relation to her- self, or that Bhe would ever 6ee it again, the objecta .which met her view were noticed with no strong interest How very different would have been l*3r scrutiny had she known that the chamber had been destine as her pnson for life, that she had been in- troduced to it for the purpose of being immured in it, and therefore that it was to be daily before her, and associated with a misery and suffering beyond all power to describe As jet she was m blissful ignorance of this terrible fact, and manifested a com- posure of mind corresponding to tbis ignorance The utter stillness, the unbroken quiet, strengthened her supposition that the hour was still early, never- theless, as she did not feel inclined to sleep again, she rose, and approached the little ivy-shrouded .window, to peep forth on the scene without The glass was encrusted with dirt till it was rendered almost opaque, and it was only by dint of much rubbing that she cleared a space sufficiently large to enable her, through the interstices of the ivy, to obtain a glimpBe of trees, and of the opposite bank of the ravine, overhung by a small patch of blue sky. Evidently the window commanded no more extensive prospect, and having discovered this, she resolved to dress and find her way outside, there to walk and enjoy the morning air till those in the Jbouse should be astir. Finding no materials for washing in the chamber, she had to do without this very rofreshing operation, and having finished her toilet, she lifted her watch to put m the bosom of her dress, when to her amaze- ment she found that it pointed to the hour of eleven. At first she thought it must be standing, but she remembered that she had wound it up before going to bed, and that then it was past midnight " Eleven o'clock," she ejaculated, in astonishment " Can it possibly be only one hour from noon, and Pick has not sent the woman to awake me ? How provoking. We might have been many miles on our 30urney by this time * She moved forth with the intention of finding her .way below, that she might see Diok and hasten their departure. The door of the room opened to her touch, and, crossing tte threshold, she found herself in a long corridor, lighted at one end by a narrow slit in the thick wall. Before her was the stair up which she had come escorted by the woman whom Dick had called Moll, and down the stair she now made her jvay, till the closed door at its foot stayed her progress. She grasped the handle m the expecta- tion that it would open as the other had done, but it remained immovable Again and again she tried it, but with the same result. Still she did not imagine that it bad been purposely fastened outside, but sup- posed that her inability to open it was caused by the stiffness of the rusty catch, or by her ignorance of the peculiar method of the handle She stood hesitating whether to knock for release or wait the coming of Moll, which must, she *hought, be very soon now, but as she stood an approiching footstep caught her ear She heard it on the starr leading from the kitchen, then on that immediately above, and finally in the corndor without, coming directly to the door within which she stood. There it paused, and she distinctly heard the undoing of a bolt outside, thus giving her to understand why she could not let herself out. She was under the first emotion of this unpleasant surprise when the door went back, and Moll appeared, carrying a tray with provisions for breakfast The sudden appearance of Annabel standing at the foot of the starr startled Moll excessively, and sent her staggering back with a recoil which, but for being brought up against the opposite wali, would have caused the tray to drop from her hBnda As i* was, the dishes rattled with a great clatter, and tottered against each other, while Moll uttered a frightened ejaculation. " Drat you, what are you doing there a-fnghtening a body m that manner ?" she angnly exclaimed. " I beg your pardon," answered Annabel. " I did not mean to startle you. I have been for a minute or two trying to open the door. Was it fastened on the outside f "In course it was fastened. What did you want to open it for ?" "To come out. I find it is very late, and was coming in search of Dick jo hasten our departure." " Oh, wasLyou, indeed ?" returned Moll, with a grin. "Better go back upstairs again and eat your break- fast^ and Dick will come and see you. I declare I got sueh a flurry at sight of you the thmgs nearly all fell and broke-not that I'm one of your easily Bâjftod people, mind, but this is Buch a silent ghost orejlace, that my nerves ain't got rightly into its .ways yet, and when I see you a-standmg all of a sudden within the door, I thought as how it was something not of this world. There, up you go, again, Miss, and let me come with your breakfast " Annabel was so much stunned by the whole pro- ceeding-by the discovery that she had been fastened in, by the angry and even insolent tone of the .woman- that she turned and went back to the chamber without saying another word. More. she had concluded not to speak to the woman again, her tone and manner being so rude, even arrogant. Dick himself had during the journey become unpleasantly disrespectful, but she was specially connected with him for the present, and required to bear with him till they reached Rockstone With the woman it .was different end towards her she resolved to show a dignified silence, merely calling to Moll as she was quitting the room, after depositing the breakfast on the table " Be good enough to tell Dick to come and speak teme." " I don't require to tell him, for he means it already," was the ungracious answer, flung over Moll's shoulder as she descended the stair. Annabel sat motionless, listening to the retreating steps, listening specially to the closing of the door at the foot of the stair. And she distinctly heard the passage of the bolt, and knew that a barrier was again placed between her and the lower portion of the building. fruitless wîfi tne" meaning of all this being fruitless, Annabel ceased to attempt it, and turned her attention to the provisions which hadbeln TÄ« ^h"e"S?hW^plttin' but S00-1 ""1 fresh, and 5ÏÏSLÎÏSLA ^Vhey might ^^ Perflapi the greater part of the day, she tried to eaT more than saturai inclination prompted. She did not linger o ver the meal, and sat anxiously waiting the coming of Dick, the feeling being im- pressed on her that the time had arrived when an explanation of ali that was puzzling her was to be made. Oh, if she could only have dreamed what a dread- ful, what a horrible, revelation would be brought to her by the explanation she sought, how content she would have been to remain in that puzzled preplexitv which was now annoying her. Dick did not come just immediately, In fact nearly an hour elapsed ere a very heavy footstep sounded through the empty building, and apparently on its way to her chamber. She listened to it with consternation, for it was a step far heavier than Dick's, and portended a visitor of a rough descrip- tion. She heard it in the corridor below drawing near to the'door at the foot of the stair. It paused there, the bolt was drawn, the door opened, and up it came, her terror increasing at every step it took, while with distended eyes she sat gazing at the door, her face betraying the most intense apprehension. Her terror culminated in a half-suppressed scream at sight of the figure which appeared within the doorway. ' There stood a broad, thick-set man, dressed in dark, velveteen trousers, a short, heavy greatcoat buttoned over bis chest, a woollen muffler round his short neck, and a fur 'cap covering his round bullet head and falling in flaps over his ears. It was a sight sufficient of itself to inspire Annabel f'th terror, for the man was the very picture of fere» ty and ruffianism. For the first few moments she flmed he was a stranger to her, but as her gaze, fascinated by terror, was rivetted on his face, she gradually came to see that it was a face she ought to Jrno w, and a further scrutiny enabled her to recognise Dieu himself. ' Yes, Dick-undoubtedly it was Dick, but how changed in appearance, and changed for the worse That dress-albeit it suited his face and figure only too well, altered him mto an object naturallj repul- sive and suggestive of the woist of chaiacters But what waa theie further m his aspect that fascinated Annabel's gaze and intensified her terroi ' Suielj she had seen before a man who looked exactly as Dick looked now, and m circumstances full of fearful remembrance Wneie, where could it be' Her memory struggled to roi. ni it B ick, b ick she went over the past in her effort to reach the truth Then in amomeut and with a 11 mh it came upon her The man she taw before her was the garrotter m Woolman's Lane Oh heaven, the agony, the despiir of »nnabel when the discovery was made' It was fullj re- vealed in ber face, m her eves, and Dick gloatinglj read it there, for i* was precisely what he wanted her to find out This was the means he had taken to show her the first true view of the position in which she was, and his device was effectual, as he saw in her Bpeaking countenance, so full of the m waid horror which hud seized her Her rushing thoughts revealed themselves on her face as m a mirror, and a fiendish smile broke round Dick's lips as he watched til« process and detected the re«ult " Ab, j ou've got it now, I see," he chucklingly ob- served " You know at last who I am My face has been puzzling j ou all along, but you never could make it out My nobby clothes, and the waj in which I came into jour company, kept j ou from making the disooverj, as I wanted that it should, but now I just as much w«nt jou to identify uie, and you have done it and the discovery hasn't just given you the best of satisfaction Come, who am 11 Out with it, don't hesitate to saj You know me for something else than Nell's brother p" " I-do indeed," gasped Annabel, with an irre- pressible shudder " Say what." " Oh, I cannot-I cannot " ' Don't keep it back on account of my feelings I want vou to say it fow then-I'm-who ? ' Annabel sank trembling back upon her chair, on longer able to support herself upright " Won't j ou say it ?" continued Dick 'No, no," she groaned "Then I'll say it for you You recognise me as the robber of Woolman's Lane-the man as wes about to relieve your uncle of his ticker, etcetera, when you and your sweetheart came up and prevented me You didn't know he was jour uncle then, and the business seemed to turn out spicej for both of j ou Ha, hal j ou were counting without cost You didn't reflect that I had to be reckoned with for the spoiling of my game and the smashing of my arm Oh, no, I was a devil of a wretch, fit only to be crushed and mauled, without the power to retaliate Well, you and J our brave sweetheart will find out your mistake For that blow IU wnng both your hearts till the last drop of agony they can bear is squeezed out qf them " ' Oh, Dick, you will not harm me ."' cried Anna- bel, in the extremity of terror. "For jour own sake j ou will not Mrs Langton knows j ou have come wuh me on the joumej, and she and Mr. Lang- ton will-" " Ho, ho You count on that, do you? ' interrupted Dick, with tnumphant rapidity ' What will you 3ay when I tell you that Mrs Langton knows all about it, and has hired me to bring j ou and keep you here?" " I will say that it is not true," said Annabel, with forced calmness " You couldn't believe such a thing of her-she's too good to do anything so wicked, is she ?" ' I do not need, Dick, to judge of her capability," answered Annabel, who was, however, by the words disagreeably reminded of a certair. unfavourable im- pression she had formed of Mrs Langton's character " suppose it possible that she could have done as you giy, she had no motive for it, and even if she hud, Mr Langton is infinitely above such a thing >o, no, Dick, j ou trj m vain to frighten me by such preposterous suggestions " "Ah, you see things uncommon well, I must say Yet you are a bit bhud, too Mrs Langton has no motive for it, bos she not ? Just think a bit, and you will find she has Who but j ou keeps her out of the estate P" Annabel started violently. " Aha 1 that enlightens you. You didn't think of that before " " Never," murmured Annabel " But Mrs Lang- ton would not yield to such a temptation " " Wouldn't she ? You wish to believe it, I dare say, but secretly you have doubts Ain't I njht now?" " No, I cannot-will not-think it possible," cned Annabel, with an earnestness which she hoped was not m aDy degree forced "Don't try to think if it is possible, when j ou have the means of knowing if it is bkelj," suggested Dick " Who sent you off from France in eucb a hurry, and with me t Wasn't it her ?" Annabel started again Tins was undoubtedly true, and more than once, as we know, throughout the journey she had deemed it strange and unac- countable. " What did she do it for? Why didn't she bring you home with herself ?" Why, indeed ? was Annabel's silent, mental ques- tion Dick was giving a colour to his statement which she was beginning to find it difficult to disre- gard Presently, however, the conviction of its im- possibility again asserted itself, founded on what was to her a far surer foundation, and she rallied " You are taking advantage of what seems strange on Mrs. Langton's part to make me Believe what is absurd Grant-for a moment only, and for the sake of argument-that Mrs Langton could be capable of what you saj, her husband-who is also my guardian-is a gentleman of unimpeachable honour and integrity, who would spurn from him with un- measured disdain the first whisper of such a sugges- tion" " Very likely," returned Dick, with great cool- ness " But suppose he doesn t know anything about it ?" "He must know when I do not return. No, Dick, you can't deceive me in this I am ignorant enough of law certainly, but I know this much, that my mere disappearance would not give Mrs Lang- ton the estate My death alone would do that, and that death open and proved " " Good again," chuckled Dick, " but all that is provided for, as I shall have now have the great pleasure of telling you She-Mrs. Langtou I mean -doesn't expect that I will let you up to the whole business, and neither I would if you had any chance of escape left, but as you have none, and as I can't have mj revenge sweet enough without giving you the whole story, I've mide up my mind to do it, so here goes, and I needn't ask if you aie listening, for I see j ou are" In this Dick was perfectly right Annabel could not shake off a vague jet temblé fear which was creeping upon her, that there was really a degree of truth in what she had beard, and with a nervous eagerness which she could not disguise, she pre- pared to hear what Dick had farther to relate. The latter went on thus " I may as well begin with telling you that Mrs Langton has been planning all along how to get the estate-that is, ever since the affair m Woolman's Lane, which brought you and your uncle together, and caused him to alter his will. I won't say whether or not there was any game played with the wording of the will, or the disappearance of the certificate, because 1 know nothing about that, only I have my suspicions Leastways its pretty plain that, if it could hive been settled that jour father and mother were never married, Mrs Langton had her wish, and the estate was hers But that shot missed, you know how. The American expedition threatened to blow the gaff on it, and something surer had to be planned and tried. Now comes the point that I can speak to with sureness Your death was thought the only way to make it safe, and Mrs. Langton and her brother, lawyer Hayes, resolved to secure it in that way " " My death '" gasped Annabel. " Oh, heaven ' am I to be murdered *? "Well, it might have come to that," resumed Dick, with cruel deliberation " Only Mrs Langton managed to plan what would come to the same thing, and the noblest plan it was as I ever heerd tell of I am bound to say there never was and never will be the match of it How do you think it occurred to her ?" " Go on, go on," walled Annabel, the words being forced from her by Dick, who waited for her answer. Hejaw how much Bhe was surtenng, and Ins brutal epu."' gloated over the spectacle " It occurred to her," he went on, " from the strong resemblance between you and Nell " He paused again to note the effect of this infor- mation The only effect was that of mere wonder Annabel was as jet able to draw no meaning from it " Haven't you begun to twig ?" he inquired, "No" " You knew of that resemblance, didn't you ?" " Certainly, it was often noticed I often heard it alluded to, and I believe it was very marked " " I should just say,rather,"rejoined Dick "Why, when I set eyes on you, yon night in Woolman's Lane, I thought as how it was Nell herself. Do you see Mrs Langton's plan now?" "No-I see nothing " "Listen, then, and you'll hear it as it has been ear- ned out Neil's death has been given out by her as your death, the corpse was taken by her to Rockstone as yours, and Mr Langton has buried it believing it to be yours Now you have it." Yes, poor Annabel had it now-full and complete It needed not that Dick should amplify the state- ment, or say anything further by way of enlighten- ment The truth-the horrible truth in all its reality-rushed upon her, and she could neither doubt nor misunderstand. The whole abyss of treachery and deceit was fathomed by her with some- thing like the rapidity of a lightning flash. her mind went back upon the events of the last few months, and everything rose up m corroboroüon of the truth of what Dick had revealed. Furnished with the key so given her, she saw and understood everything, and with a groan of despair she clasped her hands, and gazed at Dick in wild speechless consternation " Oh, heaven, is this real ?" she at length gasped | "IsJShe horrible thmg true?" " Would you be here, if it wasn't true ?" said Dick, with a grim, ferocious smile. " You wanted an ex- planation of our roundabout journey-why we went all the way to Flushing, and stayed a week there, why we came across in a lugger and landed at night at such a lonely part, and why we drove through the night by by-roads to this out-of-the-world place. You understand it all now, I think ?" " I am to be kept a prisoner here," faltered Anna- bel. " In course you are, and Mrs. Langton takes pos- session of Rockstone." "Oh God, bad I known how she coveted it, I would have given it to her," she moaned. " But I will do ao yet," she wildly cried, " Let her take it; only let me free, and I swear never to molest or go near her." "Nota bit o'use in asking that," replied Dick. " Here you are, and here you stay, and here have Moll and I got a snug berth in keeping you. 'Tain't likely we should be so soft and green as give up the game in that there way." " And I am to be immured here as long as I live ?" burst forth Annabel, in wild and frantic tones. " I am to be shut out from freedom, from society-all who knew me are to believe me dead ?" " Ay-all" " No, no. Dick ; you do not mean anything so ter- rible, so inhuman. It is not in your nature to be so cruel. I am young; life to me is bright with hope and coming joy. You have not the heart to inflict on me such utter misery-I who never harmed, never injured you." " Never injured me?" roared Dick, with sudden fierceness, " That's a lie, and you know it, Didn't you and Weston cross my path in Woolman's Laño p Didn't he strike me a blow meant to kill me -a blow which my arra will never get the better of ? Harkee, girl, I swore that very night to have revenge for it, and I meant to hunt you both out, though I took j ears to find you. I didn't need to do that Fortune brought you to my hand, and the means of a sweet revenge along with it Ha, ha, he'll pay a heavy price for that blow By this time the letter is on its waj to America which tells him that j ou are dead " " Oh, heaven, is it so ? ' exclaimed Annabel with a sharp and ino;uiahed crj " It is," he retui ned, m savage triumph "Ina week or two he will receive it, and bis heart will be wi ung Oh, that I could see it, but I can fancy it, and some time or other I may look on his wretchedness May- hap, I may bave a chance of torturing him still more by telling him how he was deceived, how for long you were in my power, and how j ou suffered. Ha, my revenge wül be double, aje, threefold, and every drop of it will give me pleasure For you, this is jour prison as long as you live Never again will j ou get outside the walls of this place Do j ou know what place itisP Ifs the house wheie Nell and I were brought up, and the story goes at Rock stone that I have come here with Nell, who has gone mod This tale will also serve for those who live in these parts, though hardly anyone comes this way Not a living face will you ever see but Moll's or mine, never will you pass through the door at the foot of the stair I'll give j ou the run of the rooms in this storey, for the windows are all like that one, and are too small for you to get through, and too high to leap from if j ou could There, I think I have made everything pretty plovn to you, and I hopes as how j ou are pleased with the explanation j ou were so anxious to get, though, mayhap, you would like to be alone to think it over quite quietly." To this long brutal speech, every word of which fell like a stunning blow, Annabel listened in dumb, motionless rigidity She heard and understood every syllable of it, yet the first crushing effect was so com- plete that the malignant detail of particulars was powerless to add to her agony Tor the time she was past feeling Consciousnesswaafully active.butsanso tion had ceased, so that Bhe was able to hear the in- famous revelation mall the fulness which Dick gave it with an outward calmness which might have been mistaken for stoical indifference, only the wan, blank face, the stony eyes, the bloodless lips and cheeks, showed Dick thit for a time her Benses ware frozen by the shock, and that bj and-bye realisation would come and with it a measure of woe and suffering sufficient to slake the thirst even oi his hellish revenge One look of concentrited and fiendish glee he be- stowed on her after he had done, then, with a mocking laugh, be tramped down the stair, leaving her to meet in solitude the wave of agony and despair which was slowly but inevitably surging towards her. | 