JKtpatott, £aetu{e, &c.; THE DREAM WOMAN. A MY3TERY IN F0UE NARRATIVES. * BT WllKIlS COLKNS. ? {Published by special arrangement with the Author.] THE SEGOND NARRATIVE. THE OSTLER'S STORY. TOLD BY HIMSELF. Chaptee IV. \ It is now ten years ago since I got my '** first warning of the great trouble of my life, in the Vision of a Dream. - I shall be better able to tell you about it if you will please Buppose yourselves to be drinking tea along with us in bur little cottage in Cambridgeshire ten years since. - The time was the close of day, and there were three of us at the table — namely, my mother, myself, and my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. These two were Scotchwomen by birth, and both were widows. There was no other resemblance between them that I can call to mind: My mother had lived all her life in England, and had no more of the Scotch brogue in her tongue than J have. My aunt Chance had never been out of Scotland until she came to keep house with my mother, after her hus band's death. And when she opened her lips you heard broad Scotch, I can tell you, if ever you heard it yet ! As it fell out, there was a matter of some consequence in debate among us that evening. It was this : whether I should do well or not to take a long ^journey on foot, the next morning. Sow the next morning happened to be the day before my birthday; and the purpose of my journey was to offer myself for a situation as groom, at a great house in the neighboring county to ours. The place was reported as likely to fall vacant in about three weeks' time. 1 was as well fitted to fill it as any other man. In the prosperous days of our family, my father had been manager of a training stable ; and he had kept me em cloyed among the horses from my boy hood upward. Please to excuse my troubling you with these small matters. They all fit into my story farther on, as you will soon find out. My poor mother was dead against my leaving home on the morrow. ' You can never walk all the way there and all the way back again by to-morrow night,' she says. ' The end of it will be that you will sleep away -from home on your birthday. You have never, done^ that yet, Francis, since your father's' death. I don't like your doing it now. Wait a day longer my' son — only one day.' For my own part, I was weary of being idle ; and I couldn't abide the notion of delay. Even one night might make all the difference. Some other man might take time by the forelock, and get the place. ' Consider how long I have been out of work,' I says — ' and don't ask me to put off the journey. I won't fail you, mother. I'll get back by to-morrow night, if I have to pay my last sixpence for a lift in ' a cart.' My mother shook her head. '? I don't like it Francis— I don't like it !' There was no moving her from that view. We argued and argued, until we were both at a dead lock. It ended in our agreeing to refer the difference between iis to my mother's sister, Mrs. Chance. While we were trying hard to convince each, other, my aunt Chance sat as dumb as a fish, stirring her tea and thinking her own thoughts. When we made our appeal to her, she seemed as it were to wake up. ' Ye baith refer to my puir judgment,' she says, in her broad Scotch. We both answered ' Yes.' Upon that my aunt Chance first cleared the tea-table, and then pulled out from the pocket of her f»own a pack of cards. Don't run away, if you please, with the notion that this was done lightly, with a view to amuse my mother and me. My aunt Chance seriously believed that she could look into the future by lulling for tunes on the cards. She did nothing herself without first consulting the cards ; and she could give no more serious proof of her interest in my welfare than the proof which she was offering now. I don't say it profanely ; I only mention the act — the cards had, in some incom prehensible way, got themselves jumbled up together with her religious convic tions. You meet with people now-a-dys who believe in spirits working by way of tables and chairs. On the same principle (if there is any principle in it) my aunt r' Chance believed in Providence working by the way of the cards. ' Whether you are right, Francis, or your mither — whether ye will do well or ill, the morrow, to go or stay — the cairds will tell it. We are a' in the hands of Proayidenoe. The cairds will tell it.' fearing this my mother turned her head aside, with something of a sour look iu her face. Her sister's notions about the cards were little better than flat blasphemy to her mind. But she kept her opinion to herself. My aunt Chance, to own the truth, had inherited, through her late husband, a pension of thirty pounds a year. This was an important contribution to our housekeeping — and we poor relations were bound to treat her with a certain reepeot. As for myself — if my poor father never did anything else for me before he fell into difficulties — he gave me a pood education, and raised me (thank God) above supersti tions of all sorts'. However, a very little amused me in those days ; and 1 waited to have my fortune told, as patiently as if I believed in it too !...'. My. aunt, began her hocus-pocus by throwing out all the cards in the pack under seven. She shamed the rest with her left hand for luck, and then she gave them to me to cut. 'Wi' yer left hand^ Francie. Mind that ! Pet yer trust in Proavidence— but dinna forget that yer luck's in yer left hand !' A long and roundabout shifting of the cards fol lowed, reducing them in number until there were just fifteen of them left, laid out before my aunt in a half-circle. The card which happened to lie outermost, at the right- hand «nd of 4he circle, was, according to rule in such cases, the cord «hoBento*epresentme. By-way bf beufc appropriate to iny situation as a j-oor groom out of work, the card was— the Sang of Diamonds. VI tak* up the King o' Diamante, says my aunt. ' I count seven cairds fra* richt to left ;rancL'X humbly ask a blessing ,pn .what follows.' My aunt shut her eyes as if ahe was saying grace before meat, and held up to me the seventh card. I called the seventh card —the Queen of Spades. My aunt opened her eyes again in a hurry, and'cast a sly look my way. 'The Qaeea o' Spades means a dairk woman. Ys'lTbe thinking in secret, Francie, of a dairk woman?' When .a man has been out of place for more than three months, his mind isn't troubled much with thinking of women — light or dark. I was thinking of the groom's place -at the great house ; and 1 tried to say so. My aunt Chance wouldn't listen. She treated my interruption with contempt. 'Hoot-hoot! there's .-. the caird in your hand. If ye're no thinking of her to-day, ye'll be thinking of her to morrow. Where's the harm of thinking of a dairk woman ! I was an.ce a dairk woman myself, before my hair was grey. Hand yer peace, Francie1— and watch the I watched the cards as I was told. There were seven left on the table. My aunt removed two from -one end of the row and two from the other,' 'and de sired me to call the two outermost of the three cards now left on the table. I called The Ace of Clubs, and the Ten of Diamonds. My aunt Chance lifted her eyes to the ceiling with a look of devout gratitude which sorely tried my mother's patience. The Ace of Clubs and the Ten of Diamonds, taken together, signified — first, good news (evidently the news of the groom's place !) ; secondly, a journey that lay before me (pointing plainly to my journey to-morrow !) ; thirdly and lastly, a sum of money (pro bably the groom's wages !) waiting to find its way into my pockets. Having told my fortune in these encouraging terms, my aunt declined to carry the ex periment any further. ' Eh, lad ! it's a clean tempting of Proavidence to ask mair o' the cairds then the cairds have tauld us noo. Gae yer ways to-morrow to the great hoose. A dairk woman will meet ye at the gate ; and she'll have a hand in getting ye the groom's place, wV a' the gratifications and pairquisites ap pertaining to the same. And, mebbe, when yer poaket's full o' money, ye'll be forgettin yer aunt Chance, maintaining her. ain unblemished ...widowhood — wiJ Proavidence asaratin'— on thratty punds a year!' I promised to remember my aunt Chance (who had the defect, by the way, of being a terribly greedy person after money) on the next happy occasion when my poor empty pockets were to be filled at last. This done, I looked at my mother. She had agreed to take her sister for umpire between us, and her sister had given it in my favor. She raised no more objections. Silently she got on her feet and kissed me, and sighed bitterly, and so left the room. My aunt Chance shook her head. ' I doubt, Francie, yer puir mither has but a heathen notion of the vairtue of the cairds !' By daylight the next morning I set forth on my journey. I looked back at the cottage as I opened the garden gate. At one window was my mother, with her handkerchief to her eyes. At the other stood my aunt Chance, holding up the Queen of Spades, by way of encouraging me at starting. I waved my hand to both of them in token of farewell, and stepped out briskly into the road. It was then the last day of February. Be pleased to remember, ia connection with this, that the first of March was the day, and 2 o'clock in the morning the hour of my birth. Chapter V. Now you know how I came to leave home. The next thing to tell is what happened on the journey. I reached the great house in reasonably good time, considering the distance. At the very first trial of it, the prophecy of the cards turned out to be wrong. The person who met me at the lodge gate was not a dark woman — in fact, not a woman at all — but a boy. He directed me on the way to the servants' offices ; and there again the cards were all wrong. I encountered not one woman, but three — and not one of the three was dark. I have stated that I am not superstitious, and I have told the truth. But I must own that I did feel a certain fluttering at the heart when I made my bow to the steward, and I told him what business had brought me to the house. His answer completed the discomfiture of aunt Chance's fortune-telling. My ill luck still pursued me. That very morn ing another man applied for the groom's place, and had got it. I swallowed my disappointment as well as I could — and thanked the steward — and went to the inn in the village to get the rest- and food which I sorely needed by this time. ? Before starting on my homeward walk, I made some enquiries at the inn, and found out that I might save a few miles onmyretnrnby following a new road. Furnished with foil instructions, several times repeated, as to the various turnings I was to 'take, I set forth and walked on till the evening with only one stoppage for bread .and cheese. Just as it* was getting towards dark, the rain .'came on and the wind began to rise ; and I found myself, to make matters worse, in a t-art of the country with which t was entirely unacquainted, though I guessed myself to be some 15 miles from home. The firat house Tfound id enquire at was a lonely roadside inn, standing on the out skirts of a thick wood. Solitary as the place looked, it was welcome to a lost man, Wjho was also hungry, thirsty, foot sore, and wet. The landlord was «ivil and respectable-looking.; and the |-rice hie a&ked; for a bed was reasonable enough. I -was grieved to disappoint Tny mother ; but there was ho conveyance to be had, and I could go no farther afoot that night. My weariness fairly forced me to stop- at the inn. I may say for myself that I am a tem perate man. My supper simply con sisted of earae rashers of bacon, a slice of home-made bread, and a pint of ale. I did not go to bed immediately after this moderate meal, but sab up with the land lord^^aBangaWiit tny bad prospects and my ^lon| ! jruriv--f ill-luck, and diverging froni -fcEeae topics to the subjects of horse flesh and facing. Nothing was said either- by ^myself, any host, or the few laborers who' strayed' into the taproom which could in the slightest degree excite my mind, or set my fancy — which is only a small fancy at the best of times— play- ing tricks with my common sense. At a little after 11 the house was closed. 1 went round with the landlord and held the candle while the. doors and lower windows were being secured. I noticed with surprise the strength of the bolts, bars, and iron-sheathed shutters. \- 'You, see, we are rather lonely here,' says the landlord. ' We never have had any attempts made to break in yet, but i& always as well to be on the safe side. When nobody is sleeping here, I am the only man in -the house. My wife ? and daughter are timid, and the servant-girl takes after her misBusses. Another glasB of ale before you turn in ?— No !— Well, how -such a Bober man' as you comes to be out of place is more than I can under stand for one. Here's where you're to sleep. You're the only lodger to-night, and I think you'll say my missus iias done her best to make 'you comfortable.' You're quite sure you won't have another glass of ale 7— very well. Good night.' It was half-past 11 by the dock in the passage as we went upstairs to the bed room. The window looked out on the wood at the back of the house. I locked my door, set my candle on the chest of drawers, and wearily got me ready for bed. The bleak wind was still blowing, and the solemn surging moan of it in the wood was very dreary to hear through the night silence. I felt strangely wakeful. I resolved to keep the caudle alight until I began to grow sleepy. The truth is, I was not quite myself. I was depressed in mind by my, disappointment of the morning ;. and I was worn out in body by my long walk. Between the two, I. own I couldn't face the prospect of lying awake in the dark ness, listening to the dismal moan of the wind in tbe wood. Sleep stole on me before I was aware of it ; my eyes closed, and I fell off to rest, without having so much as thought of ex tinguishing the candle. The next thing that I remember was a faint shivering that ran through me from head to foot, and a. dreadful sinking pain at my heart, such as 1 had never felt before. The shivering only disturbed my slumbers; the pain woke me in stantly. In one moment I passed from a state of sleep to a state of wakefulness — my eyes wide open — my mind clear on a sudden as if by a miracle. The candle had burnt down nearly to the last morsel of tallow, but the un snuffed wick had just fallen off, and +he light was, for the moment, fair and full. Between the foot of the bed and the closed door I saw a person in my room. The person was a woman, standing look ing at me with a knife in her hand. It does no credit to my courage to confess it, but the truth is the truth. I was struck speechless with terror. There I lay with my eyes on the woman ; there the woman stood (with the knife in her hand) with her eyes on me. She said not a word as we stared each other in the face ; but she moved a little — moved slowly towards the left hand side of the bed. The light fell full on her face. A fair fine woman, with yellowish flaxen hair, and light grey eyes with a drop in the left eyelid. I noticed these things and fixed them in my mind, before she was quite round at the side of the bed. Without saying a word ; without any change in the stony stillness of her face ; without any noise following her footfall, she came closer and closer ; stopped at the bed-head, and lifted the knife to stab me. I laid my arm over my throat to save it ; but, as I saw the blow coming, I threw my hand across the bed to the right side, and jerked my body over that way, just as the knife came down like lightning on the mattress, within a hairs breadth of my shoulder. My eyes fixed on her arm and her hand — she gave me no time to look at them as she slowly drew her knife out of the bed. A white well-shaped arm, with a pretty down lying lightly over the fair skin. A delicate lady's hand, with a pink flush round the finger-nails. She drew the knife out, and passed back again slowly to the foot of the bed ; she stopped there for a moment looking at me ; then she came on~ without saying a word ; without any change ia the stony stillness of her face ; without any noise following her footfall — came on to the side of the bed where I now lay. Getting near me, she lifted the knife again, and I drew myself away to the left side. She struck, as before, right into the. -mattress, with a swift downward action of her arm ; and she missed me as before by a hairsbreadth. This time my eyes wandered from her to the knife. It was like the large clasp-knives which laboring men use to cut their bread and bacon with. Her delicate little fingers did not hide more than two- thirds of tile handle ; I noticed that it was made of buckhorn, clean and saining as the blade was, and looking like new. v. For the second time she drew the knife out of the bed, and suddenly hid it away in the wide sleeve of her gown. That done, she stopped by . the bedside, watching me. For an instant I saw her standing in that position — then the wick of the spent candle fell over into the socket. The flame, dwindled to a little blue point, and the room grew. dark. A moment, or less if possible, passed so — and then the wick flamed up smokily for the last time. My eyes were still looking for her over the right side of the bed when the last .flash of light came. Look as I might I could' see nothing. The woman with this knife was gone. I began to get back to myself again. I could feel my heart beating.;.! could hear the woful moaning x-f the wind in the wood; £ could leap up- in, bed and give, the' alarm before she escaped from 'the Abuse. 'Murder!. Wake up there ! Murder!' . ; 'Nobody answered to the alarm. I rose and groped my way through the dark ness to the door of the room. By that way she must have got in. By that 'way she must hare gone out. The door of the room. was fast locked, exactly as I had left it on going tolled. I looked at the window.,; The wihdqjjr was fast locked too.' ? ? For a moment I stood lost in amaze ment. Then, hearing a. voice outside, I opened the door. There was the land lord, coming towards me along the pas sage, with ,his burning candle in one hand and his gun in the' other. ? ' What is it,' he says, looking at me in ho very friendly way. 1 could only answer him in a whisper. ' A. woman with a knife in. her hand. In my room. A fair, yellow- haired woman.. She jobbed at me with the knife, twice over:' He lifted his candle, and looked at me steadily from head to foot. ' '?'' L ' She seems to have missed you twice over.' . ' I dodged the knife as it came down. It struck the bed each time. Go in and see.' The landlord took his candle into the bedroom immediately. In less than a minute he came out. again into the passage in a violent passion. l* The devil fly away with you and your woman with the knife ! There isn't a mark in the bed clothes anywhere. What do you mean by coming into a man's place and frightening his family out of their wits by a dream 1' A dream f The woman who had tried to ; stab me, not a living human being like myself P I began to Bhake and shiver. The horrors got hold of me at the bare thought of it. ' I'll leave the .house,' I said. ' Better out on the road in the rain and dark than back again in that room, after what I've seen in it. Lend me the light to get my clothes by, and tell me what I'm to pay.' The landlord led the way back with his light into the bedroom. ' Pay. .?' says he. ' You'll find your score on the slate when you go downstairs. I wouldn't have taken you in for all the money you've got about you, if I had known your dreaming, screeching ways beforehand. Look at the bed. Where's the cut of a knife in it 1 Look at the window — is -the lock bursted? Look at the door (which I heard you fasten yourself) — is it broke in 1 A murdering woman with a knife in my house ! You ought to be ashamed of yourself !' .. , My eyes followed KiflliaaSid as it pointed first to the bed, then to.the window, then to the door. There was no gainsaying it. The bed sheet was as sound as on the day it was made. The window was fast. The door hung on its hinges as steady as ever. 1 huddled my clothes on without speak iiig. We went down stairs together. I looked at the clock in the bar room. The time was twenty minutes past two in the morning. I paid my bill ; and the land lord let me out. The rain had ceased ; but the night was dark, and the wind was bleaker than ever. Little did the dark ness, or the cold, or the doubt about the way home matter to me. My mind was away from all these things. My mind was fixed on the vision in the bedroom. What had I seen trying to murder me i The creature of a dream 1 Or that other creature from that world beyond the grave, whom men call ghost ? I could make nothing of it as I walked along in the night. I had made nothing of it by midday —when 1 stood at last, after many times missing my road, on the doorstep of home. (To be continued.) 