F ATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. CONVENT OF OUB IMMACULATE LADY OP MERCY, NICHOLSON-STREET. A Spiritual Retreat for the pupils of the schools under the care of the Sisters of Mercy was conducted by the Rev. H Watson, S.J., at the above-named convent. The exercises commenced on the evening of Tuesday, 17th inst., and closed on Saturday, 21st inst., with a general Communion of 190 children, 67 of whom received the Holy of Holies for the first time. On the morning of the 21st, the feast of our Blessed Lady's Presentation in the Temple, the Community Mass was celebrated in the Convent chapel, at the usual early hour, by the Rev. Father Murphy, S. J., and at 9 o'clock, the Rev. Father Watson celebrated Mass for the happy children who were to make their First Communion, after which there was Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. At half-past tw.elve the rev. Father gave a final instruction to all the children on devotion to the B.V.M.— their mother and model. So the Retreat ended; but it is earnestly to be hoped that its fruits will be lasting, and that the children who had the great blessing of assisting at it may, by their future devotion to' their religious duties, their good conduct in school, at home, and at their employments through life, become good and holy women ; so that, at the hour of death, they may be welcomed by their Divine Redeemer with the glad sentence —" Well done thou good and faithful servant." The pupils who were permitted to assist at the Retreat were selected for their steadiness and good conduct from among the 500 children attending the schools; and the rev. Father expressed his satisfaction at their edifying deportment, and fervent exactness at each religious exercise. It would have been a great happiness to the Sisters of Mercy if they could have assembled all their pupils to assist at the Retreat; but want of space prevented this great good. The largest schoolroom, in which the exercises were held, was crowded, and as for the chapel, it could not contain half the number, hence the great necessity for completing the new school building, and for erecting' the new Convent church. The Sisters of Mercy return their grateful thanks to Rev. Father Watson, S.J., for his most valuable aid in conducting the Retreat; also, to the Rev. Fathers Kranwitter and Nulty, S.J., for their kind assistance on the third day. - BLESSED PETER FABER. On Sunday last High Mass was celebrated in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, in honour of the recent beatification of Blessed Peter Faber, the first companion of St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Society of JeBus. On the occasion, Pacelli's painting of the saint was unveiled. The following beautiful panegyric of Blessed Peter was pronounced by the Very Rev. T., Cahill, S.J. :— Primogenitum filiorum tuorum dabis mllit Thou ehalt give the first-bom of thy sons to me.— Eiod. 22, iB. God alone is the author and giver of every good and perfect gift. He desires that we confess this truth, and the confession of it is one of the most important acts of the virtue of religion. The earth and its fulness are his; hence, in acknowledgement of this truth, he commanded the Israelites to offer to him the first fruit of their fields. Children, the joy ani the hope of their parents, are his gift, as he is the author and founder of the family in society, for, in the earthly paradise, he formed not alone the great human family, but each individual family, too, that first family being in the divine mind the prototype of all others. Hence the devout Israelite, who desired to Bee his children and his children's children uuto the third and fourth generation, was reminded in the lav that the perpetration of his name in thein, and the consolation of seeing them assembled around him, when in a good old age he would be about to be gathered to his fathers, was the gift of God, to be merited by prayer and good works. God, lest his people might in time forget his supreme dominion and ignore his rights, commanded that each Israelite father should consecrate to him, by a solemn act, bie first-born son.- "Thou shalt give the first-born of thy sons to me." Happy were the saints of the ancient law, who, in all sincerity and purity of heart, made that hallowed oblation. More happy still they who saw their first-born ratify that oblation by purity and innocence of life. Thus was Abraham blessed in Isaac; Isaac in Jaoob, to whom the right of primogeniture was transferred. Thus was Tobias the elder blessed in Tobias the younger; thus in times nearer to the advent of Ohrist was Mattatbias blessed in Simon; in Jndas Maccabeus, and in Jonathan; All these'holy men receive the reward of the singleness of heart with whioh they made the oblation of their firstbom ; all are blessed' in their children; in all without exeeption the words of the Holy Ghost are fulfilled, "'A trise:son maketh the lather glad." • All that was good and perfect in the Anoient iaw reappears in the New, with this sole difference, that in the New it is rendered more good, more perfect. The promise that parents shall be blessed in their first-born, |{ with upright hearts they offer their firstborn to God, was made for all times; but in the New Law this promise is often. to be understood in a spiritual sense. It is seen fulfilled in a spiritual sense in those great men whom God from time to time raises up for the glory of the Church, and whom He invests with a sanctity, a majesty, a dignity, which render them in many respects like to the patriarchs of the Ancient Law. One of these extraordinary men was St. Ignatius of Loyola; and it is not one of the least of his glories that he has fulfilled in a most perfect manner the preoept, " Thou shalt give the first-born of thy sons to me." In presenting to you Blessed Peter Faber, whom we are here to-day to honour, as the first-born of the spiritual sons of St. Ignatius, I feel that I have already won for him your respect, and esteem, and veneration. You love the father, you esteem the father, as you prove by the affection with which you have ever regarded those who amongst yon are his representatives. The first-born of the sons of St. IgnatiuB, then, is assured of holding a place in hearts in which the love of St. Ignatius has long since been lit up. Hitherto the Society of Jesus regarded Ignatius and Faber as one in spirit—to-day it is her happy privilege to see them united as objects of worship, Pius IX. having inscribed the name of Paber on the catalogue of the saints. In what manner, then, did Ignatius fulfil the precept, " Thou shalt give the first-born of thy sons to me ?" In what manner did Faber ratify the oblation made by Ignatius ? In their lives we ghall find the answer to these questions. Ignatius became tho spiritual father of Faber by communicating to him his own spirit in its fulness. Faber joyfully received that spirit; so much so, that in the spiritual order there exists between them a moi;e striking and perfect likeness than that which is so olten seen in the natural order between the parent'and bis child. Ignatius was called to the apostolic life, and he asked of God followers who were to enter with bim on the apostolic life. Hence he begged of God for himself and for bis children all those heavenly gifts which ought to be possessed by apostolic men. I dare not undertake to delineate the character of the apostolic man in all its fulness, in order that you may see; how perfectly it was found in Faber. I shall content myself with the consideration of two of the qualities which enter into the formation of that character, and I will endeavour to make you see them in Faber. The. two qualities or gifts to which I allude are presented to us by the Redeemer under two beautiful and striking similitudes, in the solemn discourse which he addressed to his apostles when he was giving them their mission. " You are," eaid he, " tlw salt of the earth. . . . You are the light of the world"—(Matt. 5, v. 13 and 14). Apostolic men are the salt of the earth, that is to say, their office is to preserve from corruption that which' is pure, and even to restore that which has become corrnpt; to preserve frn'm sin, and to deliver from sin. They are the light of the world, that is to say, they are sent to teach true doctrine and to combat error. Such were the duties which Ignatius desired to impose on fhis followers. But do we maintain that before the days of Ignatius there were not men who were indeed the salt of the earth and the light of the world ? No, such men were never wanting; and Ignatius desired that his sons should fight, animated by the same spirit which had animated apostolic men in every age, and in every age had such men appeared. But then circumstances required certain modifications. In warfare between nations the tactics, the disposition of forces, the arms used in battle, neceBBarily change with the progress of 'science and civilisation -r-nay, with the progress of vice and barbarism. Even so in the tspiritual warfare certain modifications must take plaoe; and Ignatius, guided by the Spirit of God, read the signs of the times, seized the character of the age in which he lived, and made the necessary changes. These changes and modifications are found in the rules and constitutions of the Society of Jesus. You will see at once that this is neither the time nor the place to eater on the consideration of them. Let us proceed, then, to study the life and the character of Faber, and let us -see how, in the school of Ignatius, he became the " salt of' the earth and the light of the world." It might seem congruous ^that I should take as the starting-point in his life the moment when he for the first time saw Ignatius. I cannot, however, resist the desire to ask you to glance for a brief moment at his earlier years; ior there is in their history, scant though it be, so much of spiritual sweetness and celestial beauty, that Bimple and angelic souls will, in dwelling on them, taste a joy purer and more enrapturing than they, perhaps, could taste In -meditating on the most brilliant acts of his public and apostolio (life. Accompany ' me, then, in thought to the Tillage of Yillaret,'in'Savoy.' Go back with me in spirit to' the year 1513. "Who is that little Bhepherd whbm we behold on the hillside, standing on a rock surrounded by numbers of little shepherdB like to himself T He is but in hi6 ebyenth year. Is iot the gravity of his countenance and demeanouroutof keeping with 1 'an ageso tender? ' Why does he/with su'eheatnefltness and warmth,'point his tiny handlieavebta*&?''"^fa%t ar6'4hj> subjects on which that almost infant voicp can speak with such fervour?" He speaks ojf Qtmi ' hei' tells^how blesbedai thing it it to pyernsBag'GimstiandiMa^ImmacnlateliJIe fee of'Bethlehem, and irith-tpnest pride:, Tlieplsi that'the first who were privileged! jt o [etionthe ohild Of 'pfoxj were teen iwh^ like wL f themselves, were shepherds from childhood. He speaks with especial earnestness' of the holy angels, those heavenly messengers who called the Bhepherds to Bethlehem, and he reminds them that they, little shepherds as they are, liye in the midst of the angels, who are ever by their side; watching over them and protecting them with loving oare. And with a wisdom beyond his years, he draws the most salutary conclusions from that most consoling doctrine. "How pure, how innocent ought not oar lives to be, so that we may not drive away from us those heavenly protectors, who love those who are good, and fly from those who are wioked!" Oftentimes, those more advanced in life, the friends, the parents of the little shepherd, attracted by the angelic countenance of the child, form part of his auditory, and, the little sermon ended, they offer to him the choicest and most delicious fruits as a reward for his evangelical labours, and in testimony of their gratitude ; and the fruits, it is needles to say, are at once generously shared with his companions. The little preacher is Peter Faber. Thus do the years of childhood PASS innocently by. Boyhood comes, and with it an increase of strength in virtue, and a most ardent thirst for knowledge. He desires learning from the purest motives. He desires it because he believes that it will render him a more fit instrument in God's bands for the doing of good. With tearful eyes he often entreats his parents to second his desires,'and, notwithstanding their poverty, they make sacrifices in furtherance of them. Meanwhile, the Holy Ghost leads him on day by day to greater sanctity. From his tenderest years his pious parents had taught him to love the Immaculate Virgin, and he was yet but a schoolboy when that love produced in him the same fruit which a few years later it produced in an Aloysius and a Stanislaus. During his holidays, when he was in his twelfth year, be one day went forth alone into the fields. He stood beside a stream of limpid water; around him he beheld the fields radiant with verdure; meadows fragrant with fair flowers ; trees, some covered with blossoms, some laden with fruits ; overhead the dark blue sky of Italy, the very vestibule of Heaven. Everywhere doesyhe see God, whose attributes are manifested in even the least of his creatures. Like to all poor souls he discovers God more easily in what is beautiful than in what is terrible; hence he, without effort, ascend? from the contemplation of the'beauties of the natural to the contemplation of the superior beauties of the supernatural order. He fr els suddenly grow strong within bim the depire of possessing some of the beauty of that superior order, of the beauty that has its source in God, or rather is a participation of God's own beauty. He sees in imagination as be looks heavenward the Immaculate Virgin surrounded by myriads of pure spirits, and by myriads of the souls of the just made perfect. He sees that amongst the la'ter those are nearer to her, and most cherished by her, who most faithfully imitated her spotless virginity. Enraptured, be asks for light that he may know what offering he can make to God, so that some of the heavenly beauty which he admires in them may be communicated to him. He hears an interior voice answer : " Virginal purity." Who can doubt from whom those words proceed 1 Who does not hear in them the voice of the Immaculate Virgin, winning for her son that precious soul ? The boy obedient to that voice kneels in adoration, and with eyes uplifted, and fixed on the most sweet countenance of the Virgin, he makes that holy •ow by which the chosen ones of God in every age render themselves like to Jesus and to Mary, the vow of perpetual charity. The vow is accepted in Heaven, and the virtue to which it added newdustre is borne unsullied to the judgment-seat of God. Oh, such a spring of life gives promise of a fair and beauteous summer, and of a rich and plenteous autumn! (To be concluded in our next.) LADIES' BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. The annual charity sermons in aid of the Melbourne Ladies'Benevolent Society were preached on Sunday last, and collections were made in all the churches and chapels in the city and suburbs, in aid of the same deserving object. The Rev. Wm. Kelly, S.J. preached in St. Francis 1 Church, and the Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan in St. Patrick's Cathedral. The collections at that church and in the chapels attached amounted to £41 17s. Id., and those at St. Francis and its two chapels of ease amounted to £38 4s. lOd.. A sum of £5 Is. was subscribed at St. Mary's Church, Hotham, of which the ev. H. England is the pastor. 