TH15 MYTH ABOUT ST. PATRICK. By Dii. WoKD.swoRm. I._ Ay ith regard to the xjrecise period at which Christianity w:i3 introduced into Ireland, and to the quarter from which it came, we have no authentic record. Some general exiiressions of ancient Kcclesiistic:il authors axipear to intimate inas rue uospei was preacneci mere in Apostolic times. The e.arliest Christian writers of Ireland, who mention the communication of the ghul tidings of S:dvation to that country, do not trace it from Rome, but ascribe it to the dis ciples of St. .John. They look back to them as their Lathers in the faith. However, it is certain, that very little was effected for the propagation of the Gospel in Irel.and during tho first four centuries after Christ. Paganism was still dominant. The Priests of Ireland were tho Druids. In the year of our Lord 431, a Missionary was sent from It:ily to that country. His name was I?alladius, and he c.ame from Celestinus, Bishoji of Rome. AVhether his mission was designed to be permanent, or whether he was sent for the purpose of checking the progress of the Pelagian heresy, tlien prcv.alent in tho West, is not clear. But for some reason, which is not recorded, he quitted Ireland, after a very brief sojourn, and soon afterwcards died. II. St. Patrick is universally recognized as the Apostle of Ireland. He came to that country as a Missionary Bishop the year after I?allaclius had visited it. Tho mission of St. Patrick is one of tho most interesting topics of Church History, and, happily, wo possess trust worthy documents for ascertaining its character. The xnincipal of these records is the work composed by St. P.atrick himself, in his old age, and addressed to tho peoxile of Ireland, and en titled his Confession. This title is not intended to convey the meaning generally expressed by that word ; the Confession of St. Patrick is not to be compared with the Confessions of St. Augustine, and other similar works ; but it is to be regarded as a Profession of Faith indited by iSt. Patrick himself, and as a brief memoir of his own ministry .and life. Hence its impor- t.ancc. To the Christian generally, especially to tlic Christian Mission.ary, and particularly to those who arc eng.aged in prop.agating the Gospel ill Ireland, the Confession of St. P.atrick will ever bo a work of deeii interest. It is written in L.atin, in a simple and homely style, .and indeed somewhat rude .and rugged, as the Author himself ingenuously and modestly avows. But this f.act does not detraet from its intrinsic v.alue. The diction reuiiiids the reader that the Author was not tutored in schools of human le.arning ; but tho record of the sufferings he endured, and of the Labours he performed in the cause of the Gospel, .and the spirit and zeal and courage with which he toiled in the work of Christ, in an al most barbarous country, for sixty years, affords a cogent Jiroof th.at he was indeed a " good man, full of tho Holy Ghost." St. Patrick was not an Irishman, nor au Italian. His baiitismal u.ame Succath, seems to be of Teutonic or Celtic origin. He mentions the xjlacc of his birth by its Latin appellation. Archishop Usher supposes that tins siot is Kirkpatrick in Scotland, between Dumbarton and Glasgow, on tho b<anks of the Clyde. It is indeed geiier.allj' allowed th.at St. Patrick was born either in Scotland or in France. For rea sons which need not be eiiumer<ated, it seems to be more xnobable that he was a native of Scotland. One may be sxiecilied. _ In St. Patrick's age, the Slave Trade was carried on in these countries. He relates, that when he was only sixteen years , old, he himself was c.aptured by Pirates, and sold into a Jorcign land. The country to which he was carried was the north of Ireland. And he mentions, that many thousands of his country men were seized and taken with him. If we consider these dircnmstances, and recollect how small and incommodious the vessels of that ago were, we cannot suxipose it very probable, that, if these many thousand slaves had|beon captured in Fr.ancc, the Pir<ates would have chosen to carry their cumbrous freight by so long and cir cuitous a voyage as to the north of Ireland ; but to no place were they move likely to have carried them than to tho north of Ireland, if they had caxitured them in Scotland. If this be a correct conclusion, there would be a pleasing interest in, the reflection, that Scotland, which afterwards received so much of Christian illumination from Ireland, and even derived its name Scotland from that island, (for Irel.and was the primitive Scotia, .and was commonly called by that name till the tenth century,) should have given St. P.atriek — the Apostle of Ireland — to that country. But not to dwell on this point, and to consider him in his e-xilc. He was servant to a heathen m.aster, in a wild country, amid savage tribes, and was sent|to feed sheep. He draws an affect ing picture of his own condition at that time. "Often (ho says) in wintry nights, I w.audered as a shepherd on the mountains of Ireland. I w.as drenched by rains, and chilled by dews and frost." But in his solitary hours he had com munings with God, and in tho school of friendlessness :ind afliiction, and under the influ ence of the sky aud stars, the blessed truths o£ Revelation, which had lain dormant there, awoke and sth-red within him. " Often I slept on the hills and in tho forests, and rose before d.awn to xmay." It was "good for him to have been in trouble." By me.ans of servitude he became the frecnnaii of Christ, aud b.anishment from his country brought him home to God. Ihus his life was spent till his twenty-third year. He then escaped from caxitivity, and re turned to his n.ative land. But he would not remain there. Ho had seen tho people of Ireland "scattered like sheep without a shepherd," on the mountains of error and unbelief ; and his he.art was moved within him when he thought of their h.ax3le83 condition, .and ho resolved, with the Divine .aid, to bring them home to the fold of Christ. AAfith a noblo spirit of Christian for giveness and of Christian self-sacrifice, he would return good for evil, and would forego the joj's of horae,iii order to preach tho Gospel, where he had been an exile and a slave. Accordingly, after some years of religious pre- par.ation, he received the Holy orders of Deacon, Priest, and Bishop ; .and tho year of our Lord 432, he returned to Ireland. There he spent the residue of his life — a xicriod of sixty years. During that time, he traversed the gi'cater tiart of the country, jireaching the Gospel, baptizing, planting Churches, and ord.aining Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. Almighty God blessed his labours with au abuudant harvest ; he never quitted the field, .and, full of labour aud of years and like a reaper with his sheaves around him' he feU asleep in Christ. ' III. Let us here pause to observe tho different degrees of success which attended the two mis sions of P.alladius, and of St. Patrick, respectively. P.alladius e.ame from Italy and Rome, the centre of le:irning and civiliration. AVo have no ground for supposing th.at he was inferior inj zeal to St. Patrick: and, in fall probabilitj', he was his superior in some other endowments. But it does not appear that the mission of Palladius bore any fruit. St. Patrick was not eminent for erudition ; hut he enjoyed one advantage, not possessed by Lis more learned predecesspr. He.had been many years in Ireland before he entered it iis a Missionary. He Avas familiar mth the habits of the people. He had Icamt their language. Thus he had a key to their hearts. Here was a main cause of his suc cess. This is an impoi fcaut consideration for all who are engaged in missions to that country. How happy would he the condition of Ireland at this daj, if all, who had endeavoured to oyaugelize it, had followed the steps of St. Patrick. IV". Let us now proceed to iurxuire — In what relation did St. Patrick stand to the See of Bome ? Was he sent to Ireland by the Piishop of that Church ? Did Borne lay claim to supreme jurisdiction in Ireland in his age '! And did he acknowledge that claim '! 1\. First, suppose, for argument's sake, that St. .l?atrick Avas sent by Bome, it Avould not follow that those Avhom ho baptized avxtc subject to the Church Avho sent him. If this argument were of any weight, then all Churches, and Bome among them, Avould be subject to the Church of Jeru salem. . For, all the Apostles came forth from her. "Out of /ion Aveiit fortli the law, and the word of God from Jerusalem."' She was the mother Church of Christendom. "But Avho is Paul, .Avho is Apollos T Grant, then, that the inhabitants of Ireland Averc baptized I)ya Boman Missionary, then by baptism they did not become (Subject to Boiue — but to Christ. , 2. , BufAvas St. Patrick .sent from Home 2 "did the Apostle of Ireland come from that city? If so, inasmuch as he came to Ireland in tho year 432, he Avas sent by Gelestinc, then Bishop pfBoine. ' , Proisper Acjuitanus lived at the time. He composed Annals of the Church, and a friend of Celestine, Bishop of Bome, and a notary of the Boman Sec. He does not omit to record, in his History, that Palladius, whoso mission Avas only for a fcAv months, and appears to have been almost aboi-tive, Avas sent from Bome b.y Celes tine. But the mission of St. Patrick, Avho came to Ireland in the next year, and Avho preached the Gospel there Avith great success for half a century, is not mentioned by Prosper at .all. If St. Patrick had been sent from Bome, Prosper must have known the fact, Jind kuoAving it, he Avould have recorded it. Therefore, Ave conclude, that St. Patrick A\'as not sent to Ireland by the . Boman See. 3.. Again : to speak of our oavu records. The most ancient of English Church Historians is the 'Venerable Bede, Avho Avas born a.n. 072 — less than tAvo hundred years after St. Patrick's death. Ho Avas supplied with materials for his History from the archives of Bome. And, as might naturally have been expected from Avhat Bome then was, and from benefits aaJucIi England had derived from her, and, as might also be supposed fi'om the influence Avhich Bome exercised in the Anglo- Saxon Church in Avhich Bede Avas roared, " he composed his history Avith a favourable bias tOWairds Bome, and omits no opportunity of ad vancing her credit, sometimes CA'cn to the disparagement of the ancient British and Irish Churches. It is a strikuig fact — foav arc more striking in Church History — that Bede, avIio records in his History the mission of Palladius to Ireland, and often refers to the affairs of the Irish Church, never mentions iii it even the name of St. Patrick. What mUy Ave thence infer ? If St. Patrick had been sent from Bome, Bede, Avho had access to the Boman archives, and aa'Lo records the mission of Palladius, and Avho was one of the most learned men of his age, must have kuoAVii the fact, and Avould have com municated it to the Avorld. Full of zeal for Bome, as she then Avas, he Avould not have failed to do honour to the glorious career of St. Patrick ; he Avould have dAvelt Avith delight on the exploits of the Apostle of Ireland, if the Apostle of Ii'eland had been an emissary of Bome. ' Hence Ave are again brought to the conclusion that St. Patrick Avas not sent by the Boman Church, .n 4\. Here,- to obviate misconception, let us observe, .that it is no part of our argument to affirm, that St. Patrick opposed Bome. No. As far as he had anj' relations and commtinica- tipns with her, they Avere those of such amity and respect as Avere due to so great and venerable a Church as Bome then was; but the truth is, that in his days she laid no claim to jurisdiction in the country where he Av'as a bishop, and Avhere he planted the Church of Christ. St. Patrick and the Church of St. Patrick Avere independent and free. 