SUNSTIIOKIS IN THE VATICAN. (From thle Spectator.) We have before us a rather curious plate, forbidden we see to copyists, and at the present moment of some interest to mankind. It contains the photographs of every member of the Sacred College, of all the cardi noals who may vote at the election of the next Pope, besides five or six who have intermediately died. This election, it is now nearly certain, will be ordered in the regular way, and taken at the Vatican, the Con clave being unwilling to give any bostile power, such as Bismarck, an opportunity of doubting or rejecting the election, nor will there be any large accession to the list. A low more may be created, as the pope is better, and Cordinal ilaronabo, the head of the Propa ganda, in exceedingly ill-health ; but the filling up of the list, an ecelesiastical couop d'etlat, is exceedingly im porobable. If, then, the regular forms or, observed, the Pope must be elected either by inspiration-that is, unanimous acclaim, an infrequent and, in this case, almost impossible method; by the appointment of a committee of selection, quite possible, though objec tionable; or by balloting, before some altar in the Qomrinal, or we suppose, at present, the Val ican. This process is described by Mr. Cartwright, a Protestant author, whose book is allowed to be authentic : "The ordinary election by ballot. is performed by two processes repeated daily, in general-one in the forenoon, which is a simple ballot; the other in the afternoon, which consists in the process technically called ofacceding, whereby an elector, revoking his morning's ballot, transfers his vole to someone whose name htad that mornisig already eome out of the ballot-box. Hence the designation of the supple mentary box, for in it faculties of the electors are etrictly limited to the power of adhering to some cardinal whose name at the early ballot has been drawn. The voting-papers are equare and folded down, so as at each end to have a sealed portion, within the upper one of which is written the voter's name, to be opened only under special circumstances ; and in the other, sealed with the same seal, s)me motto from Scripture, which, once adopted, must be the same at all ballots, and serves ordinarily as the meanus for identification of the vote. In tihe middle space, which is left open, stands the name of the candidate. Ad vancing to the altar, after a short prayer in silence, and an oath aloud, wherein the Saviour is called to witness that the vote about to be given is dictated by conaciean tlous convictions alone, each cardinal drops his paper in the chalice upon the altar. When all have voted, the examination of the papers is made by tle serutuators, three cardinals selected by lot, who successively hand to each other every paper, which thle last files on a pin. Should a candidate come out with just a majority of two-thirds, it then becomes necessary to open the upper folded portions of the ballot-papers, with the view of aseertaining that this majority is not due to the candidate's own vote, it being not lawful for a Pope to be the actual instrument of his own creatibon. In the case of no adequate majority, these papers are preserved, so as to be able to check, through the mottoes, the votes given in the supplementary ballot, it being, of course, unlawful for a cardinal to repeat a second vote in behalf of the candidate for whom he had already voted in the morning, Tho form of tendering this second vote is by writing ' Accedo domino Cardinali,' while those who persist in their morning's choice insert the word ' Nemini.' Should both ballots fail in producing the legal majority, then the papers are burnt, while in all cases the portiaon containing the voter's name is to be opened by the scrutators only in the event of some suspicion of fraud or of a vote being invalid, through some violation by the elector of thle prescribed forms." There is no law whatever ptohibiting the cardinals from stepping beyond their own body, or beyond the episcopate, or beyond the priesthood-two Popes, John XIX. and Adrian V., having unquestionably been laymen, the latter of whom never took priest's orders-nor, indeed, beyond the limits of Catholicism itself. By the theory of the thing, the Pope having been elected, in thalmt act receives the immediate con secration of the Holy Ghost, and his previous antece dents are matters of profound indifference. It is, however, most unusual for the cardinals to step be yond their own body, the latest instance being 1758, when Barberini, a mere monk, was nearly elected; and among these pictures, therefore, the candidate is almost certain to be found. They form a group to an outside observer singularly unlike the popular impression of the Conclaro, being usually simple old men, with handsome, gentlemanly features, and very moderate brains. Several of them are extremely learned. Asquini, for instance, havicng been Wiseman's rival and friend in the schools, while Petra is a mon ster of erudition, especially in Oriental Church history, rites, and liturgies, points on which Rome is inces santly called to decide by flocks of which no one hears, and in languages Mezzotanti scarcely knew. There is no one among them with a head quite so intellectual as Father Newman ; no one with the true ascetic face of Dr. Manning; no dreamer, unlessit be Bonaparte; no real Torquemade, though Cardinal Patrizi, the Inquisitor-General, and a favourite candidate, lie much of the stupid severity natural to that character. There is but one strong aggressive face, with the fighting peasant underneath its steadiness (Cardinal Cullen); but one physically bad face, Cardinal Vanni celli Casoni, who looks like a turf man of the lower grade ; and but one who would be taken for an Eng-. lish bishop, Cardinal Amat di Santo Filippo a Sorso. There are but three who surpass the usual type-Car dinal Monaco de Valletta, a superb face (Archdeaeon Grantley etheralised) ; Cardinal Bonaparte, exactly like the First Napoleon seminirised; and Cardinal Riario Sforza, the strong but imaginative man, who would, it is said, if elected, shake Europe, as he has already destroyed the municipality of Naples, by declariung for the democracies of earth, as against its kings. IHis face, with its steady eyes, clear. cut features, and broad determined chin, is that of a man who could have wielded the temporal power, and made Rome safe. Protestanlts, however, if these photographs are good, need not tremble. There are no poets, and but two men of genius here Riario Sforzc and Bonaparte-and neither will come to tlhe top. As the majority must be of two-thirds, the votes of defeated men tend, as in an American caeucus, always to the man with the fewest enemies, and he would be either De Angelis, who from his vast age would be a most respectable stop-gap, the Cardinals remembering his detolermined or cruel administration of Formon with delight; or Monaco do Valletta, so popular that he has had every possible promotion at the earliest possible time; or Capalti, a name little known abroad, but supposed to he a favourite with the Conclave itself, whose predilections, however, change much when they are set free by the death of on absolute master. COpalti is the only one of the series whose face in the photographs looks English, the kind of man whom one expects to meet in a dean's hat, and to hear that he slightly overawes his bishop. Of the Italisns, however, Panebianeo, considered to have an excellent chance, ihas the face of a stern, determined monk, and is Grand Penitentiary-i.e., Groand Casuist of the Church ; probably the only men in the group who really knows anything of the enfesiens supposed to be so conetantly revealed at Rome, but which are, for the most part, A.B. enquiries as to hiow particular eases are to he treated. Cardinal Antonelli here shows as a successful Italian iunkepcr, with polite face, fixed to get cash, but with brilliant eyes; and hlie, wilth the quiet, gentlemanly Boreomeo, with his re fined schoolmaster face, has no chance at all. Any of the other Italians may have, but they are almost un known out of Rome, and no one except Cardinal aforichini gives us any impression of being a snecess ful dark bhorse. HIe looks like a slightly worn old general, is Archbishop of Bologna, and has the highest reputation in the Church, as has De Luca, the diplo matist and the man who will be chosen if the cardi nals believe, as they probably do not believe, that their chief requisite now is the worldly tact of which this face is full. A Yorkshireman would gather him self together to take in De Lace, and would fail. Of the remaining Italian cardinals few men out of Italy cever heard, so we will give their names :-Cardinals Asquini, Barnabo, Barili, Bizzarri, Berardi, Caterinca, Coaneolini, Carafa di Traetto, Di Pietro, Sacconi, Giudi, Antonuoci, Ferriedri, Milesi Ferretti, Silvestri, Casonei, Peocil, Trevisanate, Grasellini. There will be a strong party contending for a foreign cardinal, that the next Pope may look a little more round the world; but the choice of this party, unless it stops out of the red-stockinged birele, is extremely limited. The best face among the six or seven foreign. ers in Cardinal Moreno, a stately Spaniard of the Ximnens type. Cardinalt Hohenlohe, a prince, de voted, it is believed, to Berlin, and therefore out of favour, is in appearance an ordinary noble; Car dinal Matthieu, an over-fed French dignitary, with administrative capacities; and Cardinal Donnet, a fine-looking old lady, with some deep sadness in her Tile; Cardinal Schwartzenburg has a weak look, is Austrian to the backbone, and opposed the dogma, though he has recanted; but there are two cardinals in the foreign list with splendid faces, even in the photographe. The church does not want a Julinus, and Rome would not bear Cardinal Cullen, but no one can look in his face and not acsee which is the warrior, or, shall we say, "the pet of the fancy," in Conclave. Cardinal Rausehcr, too, the foreigner who has most of the Conclave's eympathy with him, has a very marked face, a face of separate and unmistakable power, with a good deal of temper and a good deal of pryde, but full of brain, and suggesting to the observer who has not seen him that of Sir George Lenwis, though less humorous. He would govern the Church, that man, but we doubt if all the machinery of iome, enormous as it is, would keep him within the groove, or prevent him from manifesting a sovereign individuality, which would be extremely distasteful to the kind of Italian clericalse who now monopolise power. He might dis asolve the JTesuits, or declare that, the kings being gone and the populace unstable, earth must rely on aritoe orate like himself, or do any other grout imprudence. Still, in that great election, he is one of the imo minent tpossibilities. 