BUCICLING-TO. (From the Queen.) To sbirk a disugreooblo tu>k that has to bo done, with good-will or without; to try and evade tbo inevitable and postpouo tbo neces sity; to stand 6biveriug on tbe brink when tbe pluogo must perforco bo made, aod tbo sooner n is maue iuo sooner me shock auu lis consequeoces will be over; to wasto our strength in fretful anticipations of fatigue, and to substitute dilcttautcisui for honest work, perfuuetoriness for bravo endeavour — tbeso ways of living, though too much after the manner of half-hearted men, are tho ways which lead to ruiu aod destruction. Take tbo caso of a man whoso affairs nro goiug wrong, and whoso books show a perilous inclination towards BnsinghaH-street. Ob- viouslv the onlv rational thin? for him to do i [?] ohock bis oxpondituro, out off hia superfluities, and lift bt9 cart from tbo rut of bankruptcy into which. it is fast sinking. But if be has not tho eoergy of common aonso necessary for .this? if ho delays for this bopo, for that fear? if now this problematical gain is to bo made, that bad debt paid up ? if his wifo's delicate nerves need manogemont, and tho Bt&to; of hor health demands a carriage ? if ho must strain ono point for his son on entering into life; aod another for his daughter on her first season ? if shadowy fingers slacken tho straps, and tho mildew of fallacious hopos rust the buokles?— what can thoro bo but irreme diable disaster and a goncral collopso os tbo result of tbeso iusano attompts .to sbirk a painful task and ovado tbo inevitable ? If be had had tho couraga of his situation, ond buekiod-io at the first, be might havo retrieved all that had been lost, and mado good his future position. It was Bimply a question of promptness and daring— -of buckling-to with a will But ho temporised und delayed, sluckcnod this girth, loosoned that strap, lot cuds fly looso aud buckles slip, hopiog rather than doing, and looking to that stalwart Horcnlos in tho clouds, or to tho machine whero ho thought was hidden tho god that would sot all things right with a nod of his hoad, rather than trust to himself, putting htB shoulder under the wheel and buckling-to like a Trojau. Tn oonsequonco of whioh lie coinos to the grief aoyone but himself could seo wos foredoomed, and upset tho whole conoern into tho ditch. This is one result of that foolish temper which will not acoopt cheerfully what it cannot avoid by any ingenuity in tbo world, &od; which does not reflect that tho moro closely fitting tho harness tho easier it is to draw tho load. Again, a man, or it may bo a woman, Is put into a situation unoongcniul to his or hor naturo and inclinations, ono which gives nil that is not wanted, and donios all that is But it is duty ; has to be performed somehow ; and circumstances aro liko a brazen tower with no back door,, only tho possibility of dashing out hot brains from impntiont heads when they knock thcmsolvcs against tho cruel walls, and will not mnko tho best of what they eannot help. It is a duty which, given up in tho ono case, includes tho giving up of the means of subsistence, with, mayhap, nu back ground ; if grudgiugly aud complainingly dono in tho other, only makes lifo harder than it need bo, und tho burden beuvior than it is alroudy. Buckliog-to with a will is tho solo method by which can oomo satisfaction. Just as boldly seizing a midnight ghost proves it to bo notbiogbut a masquerading duahess, or a trick. of light and lirao, so plaoing oneself bravely in harness, and determining to do with n good grace what one docs oot like to do, somehow lessens tho load nnd smooths down tho difficulties, umkc6 all the ungies rouuder, and blunts tho sheaf of spikes that in the beginning torturod ono so oruclly. A'most all youths who havo to work for their living havo to go through this period of using them selves to harness, doing what thoy do not liko to do, giving up what th'oy liko to havo. Tho one who will buckle-to with most cheerfulness and vigour is tho one from whoso manhood most may be expected; and ho who whiucs and cries, and cao not do this and will not do that, who gives up his' situation in tho oity because it is uot a situation in tho country, or dospises tho field and stook bccnuso, boiug apprenticed to a farmer, bo would prefer (o be elork to a merchant, is tbo ono of whoso futuro only failuro can ho prediotod, unable as bo has shown himsolf to buoklo-to, and- of so little courago.aDd Bolf-command. So mo mon and womon wear away tbeir lives in this kind of thing. Out of harmony with their work, they will never try to muko tho collar less galling bcoauso worn olosor. Thoy aro always trying to slip it over their poor long oars, wliioh simply got chafed in tbo endeavour; and they their shoulders sore bocauso thoy think that writhing will wear it cosier. . lj>o of woman. Tbey marry tho wrong man, .found out too lalo; aud their wedding-ring piofcbes. They havo to run onoirclcd in mis fitting harness, and to carry through liko a burdou compared to whioh the bullet and ohnin ofHho French forgat is light and easy. Grumbling makes that whioh is bad bo just so muoh tho worse; and trying to escape from tbo burden matrimonial only succeeds in add ing to its weight. Tho wiser thing to do is to hear it with as much equutiimity and cheerful ness as the naturo and the fates will allow. It must to; so why not .make tho bcBt of it? And tho best of it is to be mado in no other way than by buckling-to. If grumbling at a disagreeable would lessen aud finally dispcrso it altogether, by all lueuns let it bo done; if shifting one's yoke from thouldor to shoulder, and vainly trying to pull it over one's poor long eats would slacken tbo strain oud finally dissolvo the substance, ono would be uell quit of one's impediment for a littlo abrasion of tho epidermis; but when it only chafes and docs oot slacken, only deepens the soro and never dissolves the substance, it seems but u poor cxcrcisoof energy and ingenuity, oud buckling- to would bo a hotter enjoyment both. Iu fuel, there is no ciroumstunco in ilifo, and no condition, where buckling-to is not tho wisest thing. Take it how wo will, either to combat or to bear, energetic acceptuuco does more for us than fretful resistance, and a powerful batid-to liond fight with adversity— buckling-to fur the battle— is n finer thing than supine and melancholy yielding. To do with all our might loth the task of to-day and tho preparations for tho ploat-uro of to-morrow is a uiore mauly kind of thing than to shirk half tho difficulties of the one, conscqucnly lot slip half the richness of tho othor. Hud wo buckled-to in real earnest wo should have over come tho one, nnd Icon rovrurdod by tho othor soooor and moro bouutconsly than as things are. But we slipped aud Mid, and woro our haruess loose ; and wo came, in consequence, to a full on tbo sldo of tho hill, aud an upset on the top. . Thcro arc certain inen who con never buckle to their day's work savo under compulsion. Good sorvauts, when firmly held and inexor ably guided, aro lust as free moo governing themselves. Give thorn two days for the essay which costs them four hours to write, and it will not be dono on the cvotiing of the third ; statu! over them with your editorial buckle ond thong, and you will tret it iu three hours and three-quarters. Tell them btandly "There is no hurry" for tho picture, the c»jy, the deed, the agreement, and you may wait till your boir is grey and all the flavour has gone out of the thing you wanted ; press them for an untm- portani matter ns if your life depended on it, and nine tiau tnot sort or njiiiirw i Tli'u attc uUanceoledicaMnunyjLyh first-rato force. It is all through want of ability to bucklc-to of tboir own acoord, all tbo old depoodonco on a leading bond for tho fit wearing of the yoke, and tho consequent carry ing of tbo load to its destined end. But what a pity that want of ability is, and how many lives aro wrecked by it ! 