MR. YANKIN'S BITTER CHRISTMAS. ' It s twenty- five years ago now,' Baid Yankin with a sigh. ' Poor Bessie ! 1 shall never love a woman again.'' ' There's never a one likely to want you to,' observed Mrs. Muzz. 'That's neither here nor there, Madam,' replied Yankin. Mrs. Muzz was not likely to lose the last word. She spoke ironically, ' No, neither here nor there, exactly.' I was then, resumed Yankin, with in a few months of my majority, and if ever a man was passionately in love with a sirl. I wan -wit.h Roseio We had been playmates as children. Our family in social position were equal ; had been in close amity manv years. There was nothing to disturb 'the fair current of our wooing, and Bessie was, or seemed fond of me.' ' Seemed only, I dare say,' remarked Mrs. Muzz. Mr. Grinch from the constancy with which Mrs. Muzz attacked Mr. Yankin had formed a theory that she wanted to marry him. ' ' That's the way with some of them,' observed that old campaigner. ' The young ones comes the soffc-sawder mostly, but the majority of the old ones try to bounce a man into it.' ' Bessie was found of me' asserted Yankin looking at Mrs. Muzz reproach fully. ' She was a dear girl.' 'No doubt,' agreed Mrs. Muzz, Li.TLUi.ei3 ana treats out. Yankin — It was tacitly understood by our parents that when I came of age there would be no barrier to our union if we desired it. Bessie was the youngest of three daughters, the beauty of the family — the others were not even pretty, further than in possessing the heritage of most Eng lish girla — a wholesome fresh look, clear akin, milk-white teeth, and glossy abundant hair. Bessie was the beauty. In my eyes beautiful beyond all others. 'No wonder she didn't have you,' muttered Mrs. Muzz. Mr. Yankin did not hear her. He seemed to be rather Bpeaking to himself than narrating to an audience. How well, he continued, I remember the Christmas of 1849. It was little heed 1 gave to the deli cacies of the table, the wines, the merry games, the romping, the jests of that happy season. My eyes sought no other object but her. ' She saw a pretty object in you,' said Mrs. Muzz, sotto voce. At last the dancing commenced— then I was happy. By general consent I waa allowed to monopolise Bessie for every dance. How happy I was only those that have cherished a life-long love can ever know. Did I say I monopoiised her for every dance ? I was wrong there — an excep tion wa3 made twice in favor of a cousin who had only just returned from abroad, and could hardly, in courtesy, be re fused. He waa considerably older than my-; self. I should say he numbered 35 or 36 yeara. He was neither in face or figure above the average. Not at all a man to provoke jealousy. Besides,' I felt so assured I possessed Bessie's heart. ' Her fiddlestick' quoth Mrs. Muzz, in fast increasing contempt of what she called spooniness. He had, however, the manners of a gentleman, and that careless indescrib able easy air that seems only to be gained by travel. Did I fear him ? No ; a thousand times, no. He danced with her sisters Fanny and Lizzie, and with some other young ladies, but did not seem to distinguish by a pre ference any one above the others. It- was during the intervals of the dance that I asked Bessie to be mine ; in what words I cannot remember. Who can recall or phrase coherently the tumul tuous and broken sentences spoken by a first love ? What she replied, though, I shall never forget. The words were few and simple — ' Call and see me early to morrow ;' but the looks, the tremor of her hand upon my arm, were eloquent. After then, for the rest of the evening, T tpaa in Tif-n.vfin Mrs. Muzz — 'A fool's paradise.' I hardly knew what I said or did ; the guests must have thought me drunk. Yes, I was drunk — intoxicated with joy. The hour arrived when I must leave, and I longed to be in the solitude of my home, so that nothing could come be tween me and my thoughts of Bessie. I sought her to take leave — I would I had not done so — for when I found her, she was in a small alcove speaking to her cousin, into whose eyes she was gazing with a glad femile. 1 stood awhile, deprived of motion; every sense, but that of seeing, seemed paralysed. Her cousin stooped down, and kissed her. I saw no more. My limbs regained their freedom, and I fled the house. All I can recal of that night seems like a ghastly nightmare— a delirium. I wrote a letter, acquainting her that I had been witness to the interview with her cousin, reproaching her in the most unmeasured terms with her perfidy. I must have used unjustifiable language, as I have learned since. This I forwarded by post. On my dressing-table I left a letter for my father, desiring him to remit me a certain sum to Paris, promising to write to him from that city the reason of my hasty departure. lthen packed a few travelling neces saries, took the early train to Folkestone, the steamer thence to Boulogne, and without stay or rest made my way to Paris. For some years I resided on the Conti nent of Europe, and then came here. About ten years since I got these letters, the one enclosing the other. [Here Mr. Yankin took them from a pocketbook, which he drew from the left* breast of his waistcoat. There were no other papers there.] One of them was from Bessie, one/rom her cousin Edwin ; I suppress surnames and localities. I will read the outside communication first. 'It is with the utmost repugnance that ] I take my pen to address you, but the behest of the dying is a sacred claim, and I must be obeyed. I obey sadly ; the*! girl you wronged is dead. I need say no M more ; the enclosed will speak for itself.JH Yet I must add that I would have ^ wrought my vengeance on you had I to travel the world round, and sacrifice my life in seeking it, only that my poor cousin on her bended knees implored me to forego it. ' Edwin.' Here is the enclosure (with a voice trembling from emotion Mr. Yankin read) — ' Dear, dear Charles — ' I can write this letter to you now, for ere thi3 reaches you your loving, and as I once thought, your loved Bessie, will be in this world amongst the things that have been . Oh, how could— ho w could you be so cruel as to write the things you did 1 But I forgive you, love — darling, I forgive you ; I could not at the time. I could have borne your reproaches, but those names you called me. Oh, those dread ful names. Even yet they burn my brain. Then I could not, would not, ex plain, but on the verge of the grave, I must assert my innosence. You will believe me dearest, will you not 1 ' Remember, I am dying. I have hardly strength left to finish — that ter rible day succeeding Christmas still dis tracts mo. But no ! I will endeavour to write calmly. ' ' You did not know ; you could not know, that Edwin and Fanny were lovers. J 1 alone shared with them the secret. I 'Edwin was poor — he would not ask I hor hand while so. He sought fortune I aim gaineu it m loreign lands. ? ' On that fatal Christmas night, Edwin sought an interview with me. He was desirous of learning from me whether he had been supplanted in Fanny's affec tions. When I told him that she was still devoted to him — that she still believed in his truth, and that we never ceased to speak of him, he stoopsd over me in his joy and gratitude and gave me a brother's kiss. That is all. As I hope to win heaven, that is all, dear Charles. ' Kiss my name as £ have just kissed 1 yours, dearest ; ever dearest. Adieu. j ' Bessie.' i Mr. Yankin was dreadfully pale. He wiped the prespiration off his forehead, and reverently replaced the letters. Mrs. Muzz, with tears in her eyes, filled him a glass of wine. ' Poor things,' she murmured ; ' Poor things.' After a pause Mr. Yankin said, ' I should not have awakened this ghost — certainly not here — but I thought time and much struggling with the world had hardened me. 1 yet feel my wounds.' Said Mrs. Muzz — ' There are wounds that never heal.' We looked at Mrs. Muzz with wonder. After the wine had gone round a little, we recovered from the effects of Mr. Yankin's reminiscences. So Snatchbull whispered to Mr. Quolch — 'Now is the time for Mrs. Muzz, while she's in the melting mood.' Accordingly Mr. Quolch said, 'Madam, will you favor us next ?' j 'I don't know,' returned that emi- | nent female, ' that anything ever hap- I pened to me on a Christmas that was F worth telling of ; and as for love stories I and such trash, you'll get none of that J from Zekiah Muzz.' I Mrs, Muzz had hardened. ' Oh, but you must, Madam,' urged Mr. Grinch, in his most imposing man ner. 'Let me beseech you. Surely, with your experiences of society-^— ' Mrs. Muzz relaxed. 'Experiences, you said, eh ! Oh, if that will satisfy you, gentlemen, you are welcome.' ' Mrs. Muzz took a modest sip of wine and commenced. 