Editorial Experience on the "Skewtonvllle Roarer." j (Danhnry Seiet.) j I VE been on the tripod. I've been run- ning a live newspaper over in Skewton ville. Thc village of Skewtonville is a savage little place where centenarians die in early life, and where coffin-makers accumulate fortunes. Last week I was informed that Timothy Johnson, late editor of the Skewtonville Boara; had suddenly deceased, and that the board of directors had chosen me as his suc- cessor, at a salary of $80, drinks and shirt collars, per annum.*' I was re- ! quested to come at once to attend Johnson's funeral and get up his obitu- ary for the next issue. I tied a necktie round my lhroat, told Polly I was going < to open a few gems of thought for a . _ paper, and started to Skewton- ville. Three drunken ruffians, smoking Junison weed in cob pipes, met me in the suburbs of the town, informed me they were the board of directors, and * escorted me to a house where the late Mr. Johnson was lying in state in a pine coffin, with his boots on. They told mc that was tile Skewtonville style of funeral j pomp. A melancholy looking fellow said the usual things over the corpse, . j and assured the crowd that Johnson's ! "spirit had taken its flight," of which j fact I suppose nobody had any doubt. i Johnson looked as if he had been a great sinner, and I guess he needed all the prayers they gave him. The funeral procession started. The other folks walked, but out of respect to my high position I was mounted on a depraved ä mule. We laid the late editor " 'neath the daisies," practically speaking. Then Twas escorted back to town, and ushered into a dismal room with a half-inch hole punched through tile wall, which I _ . presume was a Skewtonville window. I " ; thought I had inadvertently violated some i xáty ordinance and been put in the t calaboose, but one of the ruflians relieved * me with the information that I was in - j the office of the Skewtonville Soarer, a j live newspaper, two dollars per annum, j payable in corn-whisky. I told him he ¡ was a good jokist. On the floor lay a ' \ copy of the Roarer, and next to it a jug | of whiskey. I could not help thinking j that they looked like twin brothers. One - .' of the Directors, who said that his name was Stufflestreet, raised the bottle to his lips, and told me he was the chief pro- prietor of tile Roarer. If I had sold myself to the devil to edit a paper in the infernal regions, I couldn't have felt meaner. He passed the bottle to me, but I told him I had a brother named after Neal Dow and John Gough, and I couldn't indulge. The trio gazed at me as if I was a wild animal, pulled my hair and poked in my ribs to ascertain if I had a tangible existence, and then they said they couldn't solve the mystery. I suppose they thought all the angels were in heaven. The proprietor then handed me a slip of paper and said, "Make your will."-" Make what ?'' I said, with a horrible chill creeping over me. -" Make your will," he repealed. -"Why," said I, feeling my pulse in alarm, " I ain't dying, am I ?"-" No," he answered ; " but an editor's life is un- certain, and it is well enough to provide for accidents." Some conception of the danger of my situation flashed upon me, and 1 commenced lo bequeath my wordly effects to Polly. Then he handed mc a Derringer pistol and said, -" Write Johnson's obituary."-" What am I to do with the Derringer ?" I de- manded.-" Write the obituary with it," he said. Then he explained to. me that the pen was attached to the pistol, so that if any one came in whila ' 1 editor is penning his Billingsgate, i takes exception, the editor is prepare^ meet him. I felt my courage oc«»» , - away when the howitzer plan of journaS**^ ism was explained to me. But I wrote Johnson's obituary. The proprietor said Johnson had died of " pistol shot " : said he, " That's the way editors wrap ? j the drapery of their couch abott^Jju here." I pronounced Johnson's taxing off a "damnable assassination," and in the course of the obituary slandered every maiden, and remarked in general terms that with a few exceptions every man miles around there was a horse-thiei and a felon. Thc proprietor, after interlining a little profanity, said the obituary would do, and told me to state al the bottom that " I was per- sonally responsible for it, and could be found on the street at all hours of the day." "Why," said I, "won't 1 have to bc in the office occasionally?" "Oh, yes," said he, "that's just a figura- tive expression." Then I signed my name lo thc obituary, which contained enough slander to subject me to bc butchered a thousand times. Then the proprietor bade me follow him. He led the way to thu graveyard where wc had put Johnson away. " This," he ob- served, "is the 'Editors' Cemetery.' Read thom bo.trds," said he. 1 began li -"Tim Sniggles, age 28; late editor Soarer; bowie knife." "Tom Jones, editor Soarer; pistol shot," (¿c., until I had read forty of them, and all had died violent deaths, except one. Only one died like a Christian, and the pro- prietor informed me that " he didn't have any editorial ability." " Now," con- tinued the proprietor, backing up against a tombstone, " we run a live newspaper here. We make it hot and lively." " Yes," I rejoined, glancing round the cemetery, "it may be a lively news- paper, but T notice it has several dead editors." " Pshaw !" was his answer, " what is life compared to independent journalism ?" I had to give in. " How long," I inquired, "does the average editor live herc ?" " Two or three weeks," was his reply. I was thinking of my gentle Polly, who might never again behold^ne with the bloom of *s-health on»check. Then dropping one huge tear to the memory of all " them dead editors," I walked back j , gloomily. At the office I was handed ! a dictionary with the remark-" We use this altogether. Webster don't express j our ideas." The "?dictionary" didn't have a decent word in it. The office was well fortified. Thebroom washalfpitchfork and we poked the fire with a Spanish stillcto.' At midnight I arose from my couch, took some chalk and wrote on the floor, " My darling Stufilestrect, au revoir! Here's my resignation. Take your newspaper ? into the cemetery and employ Steve Lowery's ghost to run it." Five minutes later a solitary fugitive might have been ? seen going through the darkness and . gloom in the direction of the Oshkosh. Tiiat was this individual fleeing from the sweets of "independent journalism" to the bosom of his family, and I propose \- to stay in that bosom for a considerable length of time, and Skewtonville journals can seek elsewhere Tor an editorial ^" corpse." THE GEKMA» NAVY.-Tho military con- tributor to the Cologne Gazette says that thc five uew iron-clod frigates uow bciug fitted up lor thc German Govcrnmcut will bo aimed with guns of which there are at present no representatives in the German fleet. The broadside frigates Raiser and Deutschland arc \- each to have eight short 20-cciitimctrc guns, 4 and the three turret-ships, Borussia, 1'iicd \- rich der Grosse, and Grosser Kurfürst, each four long 26-centimetre guns, besides two _ long 17-ccntiinctrc guns. TonrEDO EXPERIMENTS.-The fourth of a series of torpedo experiments against thc Oberon paddle vessel, which has been irou plated so os.to rcsomblo iu strongth thc \- Hercules, tookjplocc last Saturday morning ia Stokes Bay. The charge, consisting of 500 lb. of gun-cotton, was placed at a horizontal distance of CO ft. from tho near side of tho , ship, and was filed about 9 o.m., by means of electricity. There was an immense upheaving of the water, and ou an examination of the vessel ticing mode it was found that some slice]) and rabbits which had boen left on . board were uninjured. A number of things on dook, suck aa high hatches were displaced. A huge iron broken pipe 12 ft. long, which was not moved by tho previous discharges, . was thrown up four inches from tho dook, and a capstan was similarly displaced. Thc Oberon was towed into harbour and docked, but tho water bad not sufficiently receded to make a earful survey of her bottom. > CERTIFICATE TEACHERS AND THEW PA V. * ? X return for tho year 1873, moved > for by Captain Nolan, was recently presented to Parliament showing what ar« thc emoluments '< of teachers in schools receiving Government '" grants in Great Britain, and of teachers in thc National Board of Education for Ireland. Thc average annual income of certificated masters in England and Wales and in Scotland was £103 10s. I0d. and £110 7s. lOd. respectively ; \- of certificated mistresses, £C2 9s. lld. and £68 14s. 3d. Of these 17,051 in all, nearly 47 per oeot, either have residences allotted to them or live rent-free. In Ireland tho \- average annual income derived from all sources of thc head teachers is, first class, £125 15s. Sd. (males) and £93 Cs. Sd. (females), but the cxistancc of three lower grades gives, upon the totals, an average of £56 10s. 7d. , and £45 I3s. llj'd. respectively. The per- centage of those living rent-free is 22*8, thc numbers dealt with iu this return being 5547, \- though in December last about .1300 more were under thc Irish National Boradi. Thc total income of inspected schools in. England and Wales was £2,1 GO,(MC, and in Scotland ^ £311,553, a few of thc beads of division being : Derived from the national funds, £772,071 and £100,370; from local rates, £(¡1,209 and £20,328 (including heritor's salary) ; local ¡voluntary contributions, £539,592 and "**S(i(!,594 ; and endowments, £73,404 aud £8320.| IRON DAMS.-The Elmira Gazelle urges a new departure in thc method of constructing dams, lt says :-Masonry is but little better * than earthwork when opposed by rushing water. What is needed, it seems to us, is material which will not crumble or break up when attacked by ruBhing water. A dam \- might bo constructed with a framework of iron, held by subterranean guys, anchored beyond the reach of thc water. Tho founda- tion could IK planted iu ti rock bcd, or, in tho absence of rock, against a system of piling, so *? as to bc absolutely immovable. Thus strength would bo attained. By planking all thc iron frame and covering thc latter with cement or \- earth, tightness would be secured. This t xfyafem would achieve one end, at least. In 1 xástjof a break in the dam, no disaster would follow to thc region below, because only a small portion would give way, and the water \- would escape comparatively slowly. Thc anchor could be so disposed as to render complete giving-way impossible, or at least . improbable. Trie matter of cost, and thc \- process, of rendering the iron durable as . against r*~^¡Jfo matters for engineers and ? iron niak'SSBcoiiBidcr. We believe that for dams, at^tm^H bridges, iron is destined to , - come in . Too J^BssTTL.-Thc Tlrginia C¥?y 2T«- ! lerprise air the following:-"A gentleman who has just arrived from thc borax fields of « the desert regions surrounding the town of i . Columbus, iu the eastern part of this state, gives us thc following account of the sad fate ' of Mr. Jonathan Newkousc, a nun of con- siderable ini^^Dioc genius. Mr. Newhouse had construerolwhat he called 'solar armour,' an apparatus intended to protect thc wearer from thc fierce heat of the sun in crossing deserts and buming alkali plains. Thc armour consisted of a long close-fitting jacket made of common sponge, and a cap or hood of thc same material ; both jacket and hood being about an inch in thickness. Before starting across a desert this Armour was to bc saturated with water. Under the right arm was sus- pended an india- rubber sack filled with water and having a small gutta percha tube leading to thc top of thc hood. In order to keep thc armour moist, all that was necessary to be done by thc traveller, as he progressed over the burning sands, was to press thc sack occasionally, when a small quantity of water would be forced up and thoroughly saturate the hood and thc jacket below it. Thus, by tho evaporation of thc \- moisture in the armour, it was calculated might ' lw produced almost any degree of cold. Mr. Newhouse went down to Death Valley, deter- mined to try the experiment of crossing that . terrible plat e in his armour, lie started nut into thc valley one morning from the camp nearest its borders, telling the men at tho camp, as bc laced bis armour on bis back, that he would return in a few days. The next day an Indian, who could speak but a .v. few wards of English, came to the camp in a great state of excitement. He made the men understand that he wanted them to follow him ; at tile distance of about 20 miles »ut into the desert thc Indian pointed to a human tigure seated against ti reek. Approaching it, they found it to lie Nuwhouso, still scated in his armour. He was dead, and frozen stiff ; bis beard was covered with frost-and though the noonday sun poured down its lioieest rays -an icicle over a font in length hung from his nose. Thole he had perished miserably, because his armour had worked but too well, and because it was laced up behind, where he could not reach thc fastenings. THE column of the I'locc Vendome is an- nounced as finished, thc cost of its restoration having been about £10,000. What, or who, will bc put on thc top of it may depend probably a good deal upon " who" or " what" is at the " top of things" at its base, at the moment of its rcinauguration. Probably no two parties would agree exactly cither as to tho individual who was to enjoy the elevation in question, or even thu enstiimc he was to wear ; not even thc Imperialists themselves, perhaps, on the latter point, for there are some who still prefer thc cocked hat and redingote tjrise of the petit corporal to thc more pretentious robes of thc Emperor of thc West. But thc number of claimants who might possibly present themselves for thc "situation," and thc doubt as to who or what may bc thc fortunate (or unfortunate) occu- pant of thc post, is a type of thc difficulty thc j French people still lind in the couronnement i de l'édifice of which they have been so loug in search. | 