LOCAL NEWS. THR WANT OP A BOYS' REFORMATORY -It will be remembered that at the lost Quarter Sessions in Maitland, the want of a reformatory for bojs occa «toned some little trouble to the Judge and the Crown Prosecutor, and that we then took occasion to remark that that was nota sohtirj instance m winch the want was manifested Subsequentlj the lids ümdge-and Pembroke, convicted of lett r stealing at Tass, and sentenced by Judge M'Farland to îui prisomBent in a reformatory, were released bj the Governor, because the sentence could not bo carried Out, and now again, at the recent Quarter Sessions tft Mudgee, a boy has been sent to gaol for twelve months, because there is no reformatorj in existence -ïhfr Western Post of Apnl 14 thus reports the re- marks- of Judge M'Farland, when sentencing the boy -" Ton have been found guilty of the offence for which yon have been tned, upon evdence that is but too clear, and my only difficulty is what to do with you By your own confession, you hav e been m gaol twice before, and you have been in gaol waiting your present trial for a considerable time You ore the second boy, aged fourteen, who has been convicted this morning, and I can only hope, if it is a fact (and it ia stated so on high authontj ) thnt there is no alternative but to send j ou to a gaol, tint something will be speedily done to establish a re- formatory establishment in this colony It is a cir- cumstance deeply to be deplored that there is not one, inasmuch as such an institution might hav e been in force for eigh* j ears past. It ra something indeed to be deplored that I should be compelled to send a Hoy of fourteen years of aga to gaol, to associate with hardened criminals, and very likely precluding bim from all possibility of reformation, perhaps for life This, I am assured, is my only course, as there is no alternative, and I therefore sentence j ou to twelve months' imprisonment in Darlinghurst Gaol This is the best I can do for you." WoaxrjJQ THE SOIL -Scientific and practical agncttitonsts are agreed that immense benefits are gamed by stirring the surface soil 1 The loosen- ing of the soil in the operation of hoeing is beneficial to the plants, as much as the destruction of the weeds, or more so. 2 Moisture abounds m the at- mosphere during the bott« st months, and is absorbed and retained moat abunda itly by a soil which is m the most fnablo state Professor Schluber found that 1000 grams of stiff clay absorbed in twenty-four hours only thirty-six grains of moisture from the f air, while garden mould absorbed forty five gram^ and fine magnesia absorbed seventy-six grams 3 °t Pulverising soil enables it better to retain the mois ture absorbed. 4 The soil, ra order to be healthj and active, must breathe A light porous soil ad- mits the air, and thus it is fed and greatly mvigo rated by the atmosphere 5 The suis rajs heat a hard1 soil much quicker than a loose on», and the hotter the soil is so much greater will be ev aporation from! it. The hard soil is depnved of its moisture mnctr sooner than soil that is loose 6 The roots of plants find their waj through a moist, loose soil, in search of food, much better than they can through a- hard, dry soil 7 The soil that has been ploughed Well, and then kept loose near the surface by the ac tura of the harrow or hoe, receives and holds mois ture, while a hard soil will allow most of it to run off into the valleys and streams as it falls. The fore- going are absolute truisms They are recognised everywhere-by the men who grow sugar cane, cotton, wheat, lucerne, potatoes, or garden stuff SimiLr effects are observable wherever the work is done The labour to do it is one of the heavj troubles of the day, but it is eased off m proportion to the employment of horse tools for heavy labor - Queenslander. NUT GRASS.- Sir,-I perceive by the Queenslander that they are troubled with that pest, the nut grass, ia the Maitland district, and young as Queensland is, farms m some parts have had to be abandoned on account of it, and I believe it behoves every farmer to try hu best to keep it down, or in check A Scotchman of my acquaintance, who has seen the grass, informed me that in the part of Scotlind wfisre he came from (1 believe it was Fifeshire) they were very much troubled with nut and couch grassy^ amf how they kept it down in their cultivation was by using grubbing-barrows made with a bent tyne and chisel-pointed, which used to drag it to the surface, and then it was carted away and mixed with gaa>hm» to destroy it. But perhaps some Scotch farntflw m Queensland could enlighten us more upon the subject I have dug a trench round some I have got ) it ha» not passed over it as yet, but whether it vnH ultimately or not, I cannot say -Yours, A.C, FABmn.-Indooroopilly, March 30 CRICKET-NEWCASTLE V SINGLETON-The re- turn match between the Newcastle and Singleton cricket clubs is to be plsved on the Albion Ground, West Maitland, to-day (Saturday ) We understand that-it is the wish of the players on each side to commence the match early, ra order to admit of two innings each being played Ten o'clock is the hour spoken of for pitching the wickets THH 3CKOOL op ARTS Co*»CKBT -The amateur eatertarament given m the School of Arts on Thurs- day evening was not so well patronised as the pro motara had reason to expect, or the character of the entertainment deserved This we can scarcelj understand, looking at the fact that the fnends of the institution have been clamorous for an effort m its behalf m this direction, and there is therefore no excusefor such apathy as has been displayed in the present instance. One oversight was the fact that no bellman was sent round bil some time after the concert commenced and wljsle this is doubtless a good reminder to the plaj going public, and by many is offea looked forward to as an announcement of estertammenta, yet the notification given by adver tisnoeat and the efforts of the committee to dispose oE tickets, ought to have been sufficient, ra the pre- sent case, at any rate, to have secured a crowded bonser However, the energy displayed by those who took part m the performance is none the lees praise- worthy because their efforts were not met by that measure of success that was their just due, and to the lady and gentleman who came from New- castle to render help - and valuable help it was - is especially due the thanks of those ?who have the interests of the School of Arts at heart. With respect to the performance, it is de- serving of the highest encomiums, both m regard to the class of music offered and the manner in wuich the several pieces were rendered The gem of the evening was undoubtedly the grand duett " 0, Mari- tana,'' sung by Mr Randall and Miss Melene in a manns* that called forth a rapturous encore Both these singers were in excellent voice, and were well received. The programme contained so manj excellent features that we cannot attempt to do justice to each individual performer, but we cannot help alluding to the pretty einging of Miss Randall, who met" with a very cordial reception from the audience To the several gentlemen amateurs of West Maitland who appeired praise ia due for the happy manner in which each acquitted himself m the course of the evening, and the young gentleman who presided at the piano was the subject of very favourable comment for the masterly waj m which he performed his arduous task ANNUAL LICKNSI.NO MEETIVG -We would remind holders of publicans licenses that the annual meeting of justices within the police district of Maitland will be held at noon on Tuesday next at the court-house, East Maitland for the purpose of considering appli- cations for licenses REVISION or ELECTORAL LISTS-Courts for the revision of the electoral lists of East and West Mait- land, Morpeth, and the Hunter, will be held as under -East Maitland, Tuesday next, at the court bouse, East Maitland, Morpeth, Wednesday next, at the court house Morpeth, West Maitland and- the Hunter, Thursday next, at the court house, West Maitland Vwrr or HIS EXCELLENCY -It is rumoured that his Excellency will shortly visit Tml Baj, the site of the grand national expenment of " prisoners' re- formation,'' by the» employment m the construction of a breakwater. In that event, probably Port Macquane and Kempsey, may both calculate on the honoui oí a visit.-Evemng News, April 16. ''THE 4BMTDALE EXPRESS."-This old-established journal, which has a reputation as one of the best provincial newspapers in New South Wales, has altered its day of publication from Saturday to Fri- day, in consequence of] an alteration m the mail arrangements, and it also publishes every Wednes- day7 a supplementary sfteet of news, two pages in extent, &*» ASSURANCE.-Tçe lecture on this subject that was to Have been delivered on Tuesday even- ing last, by Mr. C. Fletèhef, was postponed, as, at the time for commencing, a heavy downpour effectu- ally prevented an andiene» from putting in an appearance; but the lecture is now advertised for Thursday evening next. (_ __ __ VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMETI?--A memorandum from the Brigade Office, Sydney, ti? (he officer com- manding the West Maitland" corpVj of volunteers request» information, without delay ^respecting the number of volunteers who will be prepared to go into camp on the evening of Friday, gjg.id May. Country corps- wiH leave camp again on tb/W even- ing of Monday, 25th May, the bead-q (¿differ force returning as toon after daylight ai ¿practicable on Tuesday, zötn juay. J? POLICE BUSINESS. — Mr. James Smith, P.M., and Mr. W. T. Mitchell, were the magistrates in atten- dance at the West Maitland police court, on Thurs- day. Eleven police cases and a number of petty debts cases were adjudicated in. — Yesterday, at the East Maitland police court, the police Magistrates disposed of two police cases. WEST MAITLAND POLICE COURT ROSTER. — The following is the roster for next week:— Monday, Messrs. J. B. R. Robertson, A. W. McDougall, and C. R. Middleton; Thursday, Messrs. J. E. Wolfe, W. H. Mullen, and Dr. R. J. Pierce. PUBLICAN'S LICENSE CANCELLED. — Yesterday, at the East Maitland police court, the bench ordered the license of William Edward Slack, of the White Swan Inn, West Maitland, to be cancelled, the hol- der having pleaded guilty to abandoning its occu- pation. VAGRANCY. — At the East Maitland police court, on Thursday, before Dr. Wilton, J.P., Caroline Williams was convicted on a charge of vagrancy, and sen- tenced to six months' imprisonment. THE CASE OF MRS. PARTRIDGE. — Mrs. Ann Par- tridge, of Hinton, who has been under the care of the authorities for some days past, suffering from mental derangement, but whose state of health has been such that she could not be brought before the bench, will, at the instance of Dr. Wilton, visiting surgeon to the gaol, be forwarded to the Gladesville Asylum, Sydney, for medical treatment. We understand that there is ground for hope that the patient will yet recover. OBSCENE LANGUAGE. — At the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, John Peas pleaded guilty to having made use of obscene language at Greta on the 11th instant, and was fined 10s., with 5s. 6d. costs of court. Alfred Fuller pleaded not guilty to a similar charge, at the same place, and the bench, after hearing the evidence of the complainant, Wil- liam Gellatley, dismissed the case. It was elicited by defendant's attorney from the complainant that he (Gellatley) had laid the information under a threat of prosecution from a constable, and taking this into consideration, the bench dismissed the case. Mr. J. A. Gorrick appeared for complainant, and Mr. H. Levien for the defence. ALLOWING STOCK TO STRAY IN THE STREETS. — At the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, the undermentioned persons pleaded guilty to allowing horses and goats to stray in the public streets of West Maitland, and were each fined 2s. 6d. with 2s. 6d. court costs:— Daniel Canty, John Bogan, William Banham, William Arren, Peter Proctor, William Felan, John Tobin, and John Scanlon. AFFILIATION. — At the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, a case of affiliation, Barbara Cleugh against Thomas Connors, was struck out, complain- ant not appearing. It was announced that an arrangement had been come to between the parties. CLAIM UNDER THE TENEMENTS ACT. — William Price was summoned to the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, to show cause why he should not be compelled to give up possession of a piece of land, situate at Bishop's Bridge, to one Joseph Devine, from whom he was alleged to have held the land by virtue of tenancy at sufferance, and which was alleged to have expired by demand of possession on or about the seventh April, instant. Mr. C. F. Sölling appeared for the complainant, and Mr. H. Levien for the defence. Before the case was entered upon, the Police Magistrate intimated that the Bench could not entertain any question as to the title to the land. Mr. Sölling intimated that the case was brought under the Act 17 Vic. No. 10, and he submitted that in cases of this kind, the title shown to the land by defendant must be a reasonable one; there must be some shadow of a title to the land, but he would be able to show that the defendant in this case had not the ghost of a title to the land. Mr. Levien urged the objection to the Bench's jurisdiction, indicated by the Police Magis- trate, and contended that the title to the land was necessarily involved in the cause. After further as- surance from Mr. Sölling that there was virtually no question of title involved in the issue, the bench agreed to hear evidence. — The complainant, Joseph Devine, deposed that he became purchaser of the land in question from the defendant over twelve months ago, and had held it and resided upon it ever since the deed was executed. The defendant had also continued to reside upon the land. He had demanded possession on the 7th of the present month, but defendant refused to give up possession. Defendant had only lived upon the land on suffer- ance. — In reply to Mr. Levien, complainant admitted that Price had lived upon the land before he sold it to him, and had resided there ever since. Defendant had not given him possession of the land. Complain- ant had never charged defendant rent during the time he allowed him to remain upon the land. — The Police magistrate inquired if the defendant disputed the title, and Mr. Levien replied in the affirmative. His Worship then intimated that that settled the case, for the bench could not entertain any question as to title. The complainant would have to seek his remedy in the Supreme Court. — Mr. Sölling assured the bench that he would be able to show that the validity of the title was not in- volved in the question. — Mr. Levien put the question to the complainant as to whether Price disputed the ownership of the land, and the reply was in the affirmative. In answer to Mr. Sölling, complainant stated that he was then living on the land, and, moreover, had effected certain improvemements to it; and had gone upon it with the defendant's per- mission. — Mr. Sölling was then sworn, and deposed that the complainant and defendant came to him with reference to the land in question. The defen- dant admitted at that time that he had conveyed all his right, title, and interest in the parcel of land described in the information to complainant, together with the buildings thereon. He after- wards executed a conveyance, and told him (Mr. Sölling) that Mr. Devine had kindly per- mitted him to live in a hut on the land. Mr. Levien submitted that this was conclusive proof that defendant was a tenant at will, and contended that the case must be dismissed. — Mr. Smith would rather, before dismissing the case, have it on oath from the defendant that he disputed the title of the land. — The defendant was then sworn, and deposed that the land was his property, and he disputed any title the complainant set up to it. — In re- ply to Mr. Sölling defendant swore that he never sold the property to Devine, and never made any agreement with him about the sale of the land. — Mr. Sölling: "Did you ever execute a con- veyance with reference to this land?" — Mr. Levien objected, on the ground already indicated. — Mr. Söl- ling produced a conveyance, and asked the witness if his signature was to it, and the reply was that he could not swear whether it was or not. — The Police Magistrate again intimated that the bench could take no cognizance of any deed or conveyance in reference to the land. — Mr. Sölling explained that his object in eliciting evidence from the complainant respecting the conveyance was not to put the document in as evidence, but in order to test the credibility of the witness. He intended to show that the complainant had signed an agreement in respect to the land. — The witness, in answer to other questions from Mr. Söl- ling, would not swear whether he had or had not signed his name to the document produced; but swore, on being interrogated by Mr. Levien, that if it was his signature, the document was never read over to him. — The Police Magistrate said it was a question of title between the parties, and the case must be dismissed. The complainant would have to go to the Supreme Court for his remedy. DRUNKENNESS AND OBSCENE LANGUAGE — Yester- day, at the East Maitland police court, Mary Cott, an old acquaintance of the police, was sent to gaol for a month for having been drunk and made use of obscene language in Pitnacree Lane, East Maitland, on the previous day. — On Wednesday, at the East Maitland police court, before Dr. Wilton, J. P., John McCarthy pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness and was admonished and discharged. 