CORRESPONDTENCVE. TO TIUE EDITOR. SrI,-Parliament has been :pro Srogued and the Electoral Bill has been io thrown out, so that nearly the last 17 two months have been wasted, as far as 16 Parliamentary Government went. The 2wiser course would have been to have prorogued Parliament when the Esti l mates were passed, and met. for the 7\. last session of the present parliament 2 two months earlier than theyo an noiw a' do, and' at the imeeting of the next ses sion introduced a comprehensive mea 9 sure' of electoral reform, -and'ii`ot 'a U paltry amendment bill like the one just thrown out. -It seems strange L that Mr Parkes should introduce such o a bill as the one just thrown out if he 2 only meant.it for a temporary measure, for he must have known that the col lectors could not be conversant with ' the boundaries of the now districts in so short a time as they were allowed. to collect the roll, if oven the electors themselves know which electorate they belonged to. A much better plan would have been to have left the elee torates as they were, until a' new par liament, -.and just proposed by this temporary. bill to,:have granted 'addi tional members to. those electorates which contained over a certain number of electors. On the meeting. of. the next session of parliament the Govern meut ought to'just 'introduce such an amendment bill as here indicated, and leave far the now parliament the work: of a thorough:and comprehensive mea sure of electoral reform of both Houses. But in any new Electoral Bill self-. re'gistration ought to be made the law. I am surprised there are so many.op posed to this. If the matter is pro perly looked into, all intelligdit" per sons must come 'to the conclusion that the present 'manner. of collecting. -the electoral roll ..has a, great deal to, do with the return of so .many unsuitable men as there is in the present, as well as several 'former parliaments.. As it is, at presentiI suppose the, Quean beyan electoral'roll contains the names of about 1300 electors At a goeneral 'election . about: 700 'or 800 vote, arid perhaps two or three hundred of those veto at the solicitation, of. some in terostod individual, or perhaps for what 'they are likoly to got, as we saw at:the last election-a bellyful of grog. Now,. if self-registration was made the law, we would only then have as eleo tors thos'e who took an interest in par. liament, and those.who do so are the best able to judge as to who are the proper persons to send there. If there were only five hundred to register their names, we would be sure of five hun' dred voters' at an election, and these would be men who took an interest in politics, there would then be no neces sity to keep open public houses to buy voters, or for them to employ buggies or spring carts to bring up unwilling voters to the polling booth. I was in Sydney during the last municipal elec tion, and I was in company with ano. ther gentleman, when he said--" Look, the cabs,' buggies, &o.;, 'are bringing up the unwilling voters; and' there goes Dr Lang, ho won't havo any of thoein, as he. wishes to' show lie is independent' and knows his duty." That ought to be the way witli all voters, they ought: to know and appreciate their duty.add" go to the poll and vote; without being' 1 coaxed. and bribed by anyone or 'for . anything, and there are none more I likely to not in this independent .way than those who'knowtheir duty. Theroe is no fear but those. who wish. to vote at an election would' go' to the 'tr'ouble of registering 'their names ; and ;those who onlyi wish for those times, for the * grog they can got or somethinig else{ i from ai 'cndidate;, would not' trouble .themselves to register, and they ?then: when the time arrived, would,.have no I chan'o of turning an election by put ting in the man ,who will give most, and perhaps the vory:man who would vote against the interests of themselves I and others in the same position, viz, t labouring for their daily broad; Some raise a ghost. of an objeotion (and: I noticed in your 'last ?Saturday's issue I that your Sydney correspondent is one 'c of them), viz., " Look at the trouble it y would give electors travelling long dis- I tanoes; fancy an elector having'to, go t frbmn Foxlow to Quoanboyan .to regis tor."i Now 'there 'is no ( necessity ( for y 'that; the Act could provide the.t during t three months every year all Olerks of ' Potty Sossions, postmasters, and police- d men in charge of stations should' be o euthorised to rdceive the names and 1 give out.certic'atus, free of charge, to e all.applying, known to reside in the distriot for'which they wish to rogis tor, and by this plan no person would 't have to travel very far. I think. mysolf that self-rogistration would not' t libe suitable if only O.P.S.s were t ellowed to givo certificates, but by the' e employment . of the .C.P.Ss; ,pos t- s masters, and police in charge of :sta,. lions, it~would do'away 'with all theso ' objootionseraised as to distance and in'- d convoenience. 'I hop,' tliherefore, if the f government in any bill they introduce e on electoral reform do not embody self- o registration, that. the Council will inJi troduce it when'it goes to them, as a they did this last time, and not allow d any bill for the reform of rthe Legis- I lative Assembly to pass without if om l|odies.self-registration, with the 'faci lities for electors here indicated. By a the adoption of this plan, we will ,not v have any of the' eloetors inoonvoni-, v ene~d,.and be likoly to have .eturned' I a better class of reproesentatives to our ' future parliament.' Yours, &c.;, : TVWIL~IAI AFPLEaR K. C July 1, 1874. a 