TAKEN AT THE ELOOD. A NEW NOVEL. By THE AUTHOR OP " LADY AuDEEV's Secret," " Blenry Durbar," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author, Miss Braddoh.] Chapter, LXIY.—Mr. Ledlamb'.s Patient. Mr. Standen's first act on getting out into the open was to take a survey of the house, thinking that Mr._ Ledlamb's pri soner might in all probability be looking out of one of the windows. But the windows were all blank. Two of the upper casements were guarded by bars, doubtless with the view of preventing the escape of any desperate patient, who might be inclined to emulate Jack Shep pard's evasion from Newgate. " Gome round the garden," said Mr. Bain; "from that girl's anxiety I'll be bound he's- somewhere out here." They crossed the grass to the stagnant pond, where ducks and duckweed flou rished, and where the ancient willow wept the desolation of the scene. That willow was the one bit of shelter in all that arid waste of garden, and between the droop ing branches Mr. Bain's keen eye_ had discerned some object that looked like a human figure. He made for this spot, therefore, fol lowed closely by Edmund. The willow was on the opposite side of the water. They went quickly round the edge of the pool, Mr. Bain always in advance. Yes, there was some one under the tree—a child's shrill voice sounded as they ap proached, an old man's piping tones answering. Mr. Bain parted the willow branches, and looked into the natural arbor. An old man was seated in a dilapi dated wheel-chair, an infant by his side in an equally dilapidated perambulator, and both these helpless objects were under the care of a tall, lanky-looking girl of about eleven years old. '■ Shadrach Bain, not wont to display violent emotions, drew back with a loud cry, and the ruddy tints of his sunburnt face faded to a sickly white. " Sir Aubrey Perriam!" he cried aghast. " What do you mean V asked Edmund in a hoarse whisper, seizing the agent by the shoulder. Mr. Bain did not answer him, but crept under the willow, and bent over the old man, taking his hand, and looking into his face. " Sir Aubrey, don't you know me ? I'm your old steward, Shadrach Bain, come to fetch you out of this wretched hole, come to take you back to life." " Yes, to life," answered the old man in senile topes._. " They made, believe I was dead. They told me to my face that I was not Aubrey but Mordred. They put me in Mordred's rooms, and kept me shut up there, and told me it would be worse for me if I called myself Sir Aubrey Perriam. Who was it that did this 1" with a pained look and a wilder tone. " Not my wife. Oh, no ! not my wife; not-my pretty Sylvia. She was. beautiful and good. She could never have been so cruel tome." " Never mind who did it, Sir Aubrey. It is all over now. No one will dare to deny your name when I am by your side. Good God ! what a scheme for a woman to invent—for a woman to execute. I see it all now. It was Mordred who died, and that woman made the world believe it was her husband. I wish you joy of your plighted wife, Mr. Standen," added the agent, turning to Edmund, who leaned against the sill, white as death. The old man clung to Shadrach Bain, like a child who has been restored to the nurse he loves. " Yes, I know, I know," he muttered, " you are Bain, a good servant, a faithful servant. Take me away from this place ; this dull, cold, cheerless place, They don't beat me, they're not very unkind to me,' but they're poor, and everything is comfortless. Carter was always good, but she is ill now, and I'm left with Sammy and Clara, and Clara calls me Mr. Per riam, and laughs at me when I tell her my right name is Sir Aubrey." Clara was the tali girl, " who stood be hind the wheelchair, knitting a baby's " That's his fancy, ^ she said sharply, " When he first went o.ut of- his mind he took it into his head that he was his elder brother ; the one that died. It was his1 brother's death that turned his brain, father says." " His brain, is no more turned upon some points than yours, my girl," an swered Mr. Bain. "His intellect was weakened by a. stroke of paralysis, but lie's clear enough at time3. He has' been used very badly, and I mean to take him away from here without loss of time."^ '"You cant do that," said the girl, promptly, " father won't let you." "j shall not ask your father's leave," replied Shadrach Bain. " You'll stand by me, won't you, Mr. Standen ?" " Yes, I will do what I can to see this poor old man righted," answered Ed mund gloomily. " What is the matter with Mrs, Carter, the nurse ?" asked Mr. Bain. Inflammation of the lungs. She was took had a fortnight ago,, and father got her round a bit, at first, but he says the i cough has settled on her chest, and she'll j never get over it. She's awful bad. "We were afraid last night she'd hardly haye lived till this morning." "If you want tqknow the particulars of this business you'd better stop and question Mrs. Carter," said Mr. Bain to, Edmund. ""She has been in it from first tq lash She was Lady Perriam'a prime confidante and adviser," "I'll see her," answered Edmund, "unless you want my help in getting Sir Aubrey away."_ He had been gazing at the old man's face with earnest scrutiny, to assure him self that this was indeed the elder and not the younger brother—that he was not being made the dupe of' s.ome jug gling of Mr. Bain's. That scrutiny left no doubt in his mind. This was verily Sir Aubrey Perriam, Sylvia's husband, j Strong as bad been the resemblance be tween the brothers there was just suffi cient individuality in the faoe to make Edmund Standen very sure upon this point. .. . <£ I only want yog to go as far as the carriage with us," said Mr. Bain, " and then you can return and see Mrs. Carter. But don't [commit yourself by any pro mise to condone her share in this con spiracy." " If she is dying it can matter little whether her crime is condoned." " If—but it is just possible she may be no nearer/leath than I am. "We can get Sir Aubrey to the gate in this chair. He used to be able to walk a little, but per haps he's weaker now. It will be easy to lift him into the carriage between us. I shall take him to an hotel at Hatfield, and keep him there till he can be moved comfortably back to Perriam. "But.you mustn't take him away !" shrieked Miss Ledlamb. " I'll run and tell mother." She .sped off on this somewhat futile errand, leaving the baby squalling in the perambulator, appalled by the sudden soli tude. When she came back, followed by Mrs. Ledlamb, a timid-looking matron who had been all this time trying to make herself presentable to the eyes of strangers, Sir Aubrey and Mr. Bain had just driven off in the fly, and Edniund Standen was quietly approaching the house. ".He's gone, Mar," screamed Clara, "they've took him-clean away." j Mrs. Ledlamb began to cry. " Your father will say it's my fault," she screamed, piteously, " but what could I do? I wasn't fit to be seen when they came, and was just getting myself a little bit tidy when you ran in to say they were going. And there's_all our income gone at one swoop, for he was your Par's only patient, and goodness knows when he'll get another. I'm sure I tremble when I think what he'll say to me." " It. wasn't your fault, Mar. You couldn't have stopped them if you'd been dressed ever so. They'd have taken him away by main force. There's one of the gentlemen, you'd better ask him what they meant by it." Mr. Standen, being timorously interro gated upon this point, would give no definite answer. " There has been a great wrong done," he said, gravely. " I cannot tell what knowledge your husband may have had of that wrong, but. I know that the first step towards setting it right was to get that poor old man out of this house." . "I'm sure he's been treated kindly," whimpered Mrs. Ledlamb, "and if he says he isn't, he's a deceiving old thing. He's had every indulgence. Sago pud dings that I've made for him with my own hands, and mutton broth, and all kinds of delicacies. I'm sure he's been treated like the family, and we've all of us borne with his worrying n onsense, when he said he was not himself, but his brother. Clara has had. the patience of an angel with him." Mr. Standen asked to see the. nurse, Mrs. Carter, and after some difficulty, by means of a good deal of persuasion and the gift of a five-pound note to Mrs. Led lamb, as consolation under the sudden loss of income^ he obtained permission to go up to the attic where the sick woman was lying. " She's very bad," said Mrs. Ledlamb. " I sat up with her half last night, think ing she was going ; but it's a harassing, deceiving complaint, and I daresay she'll go on lingering ever so long, a burden to herself and others." Mrs. Carter, otherwise Mrs. Carford, lay: on her narrow bed facing the case ment through which the westering sun streamed with soft, yellow light. She was the very shadow—the pale ghost—of that Mrs. Carter who had been seen at Perriam a month ago. The bright brown eyes looked larger than of old, larger than they had seemed even in her days of semi-starvation, when she came a sup pliant to Hedingham Schoolhouse. , " Yet, even now, with that deadly brightness, they were like Sylvia's eyes. Edmund perceived the resemblance at once, He sat quietly down by the bed side, and took her hand. She looked at him at first with a dull indifference, thinking he was some strange doctor who had been brought to see her. Then a. gleam of recognition flashed: into her eyes. She remembered a face , she had seen in a photograph Sylvia had shown her—the face of her daughter's first lover, " Is—Sylvia—-is Lady Perriam here ?" she asked, "No, but if there is anything on your mind—anything you wish to tell before you are called away—you need not fear to tell me. Whatever wrong you have done is now past atonement upon earth. Try to secure God's pity by a late repen tance. Dq not carry the secret of your sin to. the grave." "The wrong I did was not done for my own sake, but for another. If I tell the truth, it is she who will suffer." " If you are speaking of Lady Perriam, be assured that nothing you can tell me. oan affect her injuriously. In the. first place her secret is already known, and in the second place I should be the last to use any knowledge to. her disadvantage." "What, is it known already?" cried Mrs. Carter, agitated. " I knew that it must come to light sooner or later, that such a sinful thing could not long be hidden; but so soon! How did it happen ? Who came here ?" "Do not-.trouble yourself about, de tails. You are too weak to. bear much j emotion. Sir Aubrey has been found, and he is in safe hands. Let that con tent. you,n " And she—Lady Perriam ? " "Are you so deeply interested in her welfare ?" "More deeply than you imagine," answered Mrs. Carter with a sigh. " You are related to her, perhaps. I saw a likeness in your face to hers the moment I entered this room." "We are related by the nearest ties that j kindred owns. Lady Perriam is my daughter." " What! You are. the mother of whom she spoke to, me with such affection, for whose sake she married Sir Aubrey Per riam ?•" '' Did she tell you that ? " "Yes, she told me that you were in abject poverty—almost starving—and that her only chance of helping you was by a marriage with a rich man." "It was true—I was in abject poverty —and after her marriage she relieved me with an occasional remittance. But I have every reason to believe that at that time she was ignorant of our relationship, I accepted her alms as ail act of pure benevolence from one who knew not that I was more to her than a stranger." " But she did help you." " She did. And when she had the op portunity of giving me lasting employ ment and a home as Sir Aubrey's nurse she sent for me." u She employed you as a servant in her house ?" " Yes, the position was one of servi tude, but she did not make it degrading. I lived apart from the other servants, and I was near her. That to me was ex quisite happiness, until " " Until what ? " Until she tempted me to aid her in a sinful act, a wicked act, which poi soned my life and her3. You, of all men, should be merciful in your judg ment of her, for it was. her fatal love for you that urged her to commit that sin." "God deal as mercifully with her as my thoughts," said Edmund, deeply moved. "You will think less hardly of her, perhaps, if you know all; but it is a wicked story, and I hate myself for the weakness that made me help in that evil work. Since I have been in this house, with the fear of death before my eyes, I have written an account of all that hap pened at Perriam Place. Dare I trust you as a Roman Catholic would trust his father confessor ? Will you promise to make no use of that information against Sylvia ?" "Against her ! You do not know how blindly, how utterly I have loved her. If her love for me has been fatal, mine has been fatal too ; and it has been thorough, which hers never was. Whatever power I have to shield her from the consequences of her guilt shall be used to the utmost. But, alas, I fear that power is of the small est." '' Where is she now ?" " In London, with her father." " Lose no more time here then, but go back to her.. Tell her that all is dis covered." " She must know- that, for she knew where we were coming when we left her this morning. But I will go back and see if I can be of any use, though it will be hard to see her face again." " Do not trust her father's kindness in the hour of misfortune. Take my keys ancL open that desk in the chest of drawers"' The feeble hand groped under the pillow and drew out a small bunch of keys, " the smallest key belongs to the desk;" Edmund obeyed.. "You see a roll of papers ?" "Yes." - " Take those with you and go." '' Cannot I do anything for you? Have you proper medical attendance, good nursing ?" " Yes, these people do all they can; but'■ my doom is sealed. Go to her, you may • save her from despair." ; (To be continued.) 