Fashions and Fashionable Gossip. FROM "A Lady's Letter" in the Melbourne Argus, dated London, December 26, we quote the following extracts:— The fetes at the Présidence have been rather dull of late. Ladies find it difficult to get down to Versailles in evening draw, and men prepon derate in the talont. But two great ball* are to be given at the Elyae* in January, and it is ex pected that they will be exceedingly brilliant. The Duchesse de Magenta is, though not hand some, a lady of fine presence, and yraudt dame enough to satisfy the most exacting in point of blood and breeding ; and she is remarkable for social tact—an invaluable quality in her difficult position. She is rallying round her the great ladies, the leaders of society on all sides. The " Faubourg" is supposed to be obedient to the mot dordrt from Frohsdorf, and the Buonapart ists to that from Chiselhurst; but the more probable explanation of the entente conliaU i» that people want to amuse themselves —that the mourning for the war and the mourning for the Emperor have been trying to society, and it* various sections are agreeing to differ, likewise to dance and to dine. I am in a position to assure your readers that all the stories which were circulated at the time of the Monarchist collapse relative to the fear* of Madame de Chambord, and her influence upon her husband, were utterly untrue. The Countess learned with indignation that she was said to have " in spired " (which means bribed) certain Royalist organs to publish deterrent articles, in order to hinder the Count from active measures. She is a very frank, outspoken person, and was no more frightened than he was, though she may have felt the prospect of the throne of France less alluring, and regretted its dispersion but little. The Legitimists are giving an honest adherence to the Government of Marshal MacMahon, and the ladies of all partien are uniting in workrf of charity, which are, unhappily, more sorely needed in Pari* this winter. The talons of Prince*** Mathilde will shortly be opened, aud a series ef concerts and dramatic *oirtts organised for the relief of the poor. The Empra-s Eugenic—who always gave a large por tion of her time as well as of her income to works of charity—still takes an interest in the institutions which she founded and organised in the capricious city which once poured out its wealth and it* homage at her feet, and now grudges her the furniture and frippery of her fantastic rooms at Fontainebleau. She ha» sent large contributions —for her present means—to the orphanages and hospitals where she used to be a frequent visitor. The Empress is looking ill and careworn. She came to town a few days ago to visit the Dowager Duchea* of Hamilton, at Holland House (Her Grace is a relative, and was a dear friend of the late Emperor), and she was respectfully saluted by all who recognised her. She wears the English cos tume of a widow, and looks thin and weak. She suffered extremely from the suspense and grief I caused by Marshal Bazaine's trial, and was quite prostrated when the judgment wan made known. M. Rouher did not lose a moment in letting her know that the Henteuce had been commuted, but *he had been so disturbed that she was quite ill i for some day% ami obliged to postpone a visit to Her Majesty, which had been arranged for the day following the Queen's return to Windsor; which vLnit she made last week. Every one then noticed that the Empress looked worn aud ill, but she was evi dently touched by the manifestation* of respect which »he received. All the revela tions in the Bazaine trial, all the evidence in the disastrously absurd Regnier affair, have tended to raise the Empreos in public esteem, proving, as they do, her entire disinterestedness and can dor. The Marshal has been permitted to receive a letter addressed to him by Prince Louis Napo leon, in which the prince expresses with a boyish warmth his confidence in the honor of his father's faithful servant, and his fidelity to France. Maximilian of Austria is well avenged —as well avenged as the Towuikatek, in rU won derful prophetic pictures, foretold at the time— if indeed H be true that his fate was of Bazaine's preparing. There is no prospect of Paris regaining ha political rank; h is distinctly understood that the grant for the festivities at the Elysee means nothing more than it prof esses to mean; but that the Assembly and the President remain at Ver sailles. There is a great deal of distress in J>aru; all the minor trades are in a depressed condition, and some of the branches of grandt comment are also severely, though the province* are very prosperous. Men dicancy is ditftreiMiugly prevalent, and the appeals to public charity are almost as numerous and persistent an they are in London. Mean time, the stage and the milliners flourish, and, as there is no Court, and the influence of the Preaidence d<jes not make itself felt in matters of toilette, the stage is once more setting the fashions as of old. lam sorry to say the news of Mademoiselle D&deee;'s recovery is not con firmed ; her life is, indeed, considered safe, but she will not be able to return to the stage for many years, if at all. A curious revival of old costume is at present to be seen at the Varidtoa ; it occurs in a play called " Les Merveilleuses," in which the abnurdrtie* of the J)irtctoirt are repro duced—the limp, damped gowns clinging to the figure, the low-cut sandals, and the golden zones. The coMtumes of the men, " Les Mer veilleux," are equally absurd; they may be seen in the fourth volume of the illus trated edition of Erckmann-Chatrian's Paytan. The prevailing Paris fashions are models of extravagance, warte, and misapplication of materials ; for instance, oue fantastic mode is to wear lace and net pelerines trimmed with fur, and veik of the flimsiest materials with fur edging. The monstrous skirt trimmings, the flounces of lace, put ou double, so that all the beauty and meaning of the patterns must be lost; the piling together of rich and flimsy material for no other pur]>o«e than the increase of cost; the heaping up of dress until the figure and face of the wearer are made utterly insigni ficant—all these things are, it is to be hoped, approaching a crisis, after which taste and fashion may improve. As an instance of how complete the supremacy of dress is over the drama—the other night they were going to play " Le Manage de Figaro," at the Princess's, and when the curtain rose one of the managers came forward, and in most doleful tones apologised for the non-arrival of Suzanne'* bridal toilet from Worth's. Cruel fate had delayed the train, or the steamer, and the barber's bride had to content herself and the public with a toilette improvised by an English milliner. If ghosts haunt the couliues, and if they can grin, the shade of Beaumarchais must have been amused at the incident, and thought it a pity he could not come back for a while, just to touch up the age which has so fine a sense of comedy a little. To-night the reign of pantomime commences, and the theatres will be well worth seeing, crowded with happy children and proud parents. The scenic preparations are on a superb scale, though every theatre which has tried spectacle is said to have done badly during the last season. "Richelieu" is still drawing crowds, and Mr. Irving, it is said, is to appear in " Hamlet" early next year. The Royal marriage at St. Petersburgh is the chief topic in society just now, since the wed ding at Kimbolton has come off. The Duke and Duchess of Hamilton have returned from the very brief bridal seclusion in vogue, and are staying at Kimbolton. The wedding was very brilliant, the presents numerous and splendid, and the costumes very effective, espe cially those of the maternal duchesses on both sides. So much has the fashion in such things changed, that instead of the quiet and retire ment with her familyjn which a few years ago a bride-elect passed the last week of her girlhood, Lady Mary Montagu appeared in the hunting field—where she is a conspicuous and celebrated performer—on the day but oue before her mar riage, and at a crowded ball given by her mother on the following evening. Early next month the bridge and bridegroom will start for Egypt in the Duke's steam yacht, accompanied by Lord Mandeville, the bride's brother, who is UL The Duke of Edinburgh will leave England in a few days, accompanied by a numerous suite, for St. Petersburg. The Queen is sending some beautiful and costly gifts to her Imperial 6>ughter-in-law, and also the symbolical sprig of White heather which Her Majesty never omits ; and which is synonymous with the eddvxiu of German traditional custom. The health of the German Emperor ia ra.ther in the way of all these high and mighty personages at present He has been so seriously ill that even Court circulars oould not confine their report* to a " trifling in disposition," and on the 22nd a rumor of his death, which gained a few hours' credence, was circulated. The Emperor has been greatly grieved by the death of the Queen Dowager of Prussia, his late brother's widow, and is said to be very apprehensive about himself. Notwith standing the enormous sums which Germany has been paid, with such surprising ease and celerity, by their indomitably elastic foe, the internal condition of the empire is not satisfactory; the people are no better of, they suffer severely from the effects of the war, and the dreariest capital iv Europe, Berlin, is doubly dreary. There is little industry and little trade going on, the tide of emigration increases steadily, and the "mob" will have to be ridden down very soon to hush their murmurs and restore their content. There ia a great deal of suffer ing among the respectable trading com munity, oue significant symptom of which comes under my frequent observation; it is the immense number of applications from German girls for situations as governesses, teacher* in schools, and nursery governesses. There are many ladies in London, besides the regular agents, who interest themselves in pro curing employment for young foreigners who bring decent credentials; and I am told by several of them that an extraordinary number of application* from Germany crowd in upon them, and chiefly from Berlin, which is swarming with " UKeleas mouths," and little to feed them withal. Prince and Princess Louis of Hesse have been at Windsor, on a visit to the Queen. They were very quiet, went, indeed, nowhere, and the Princess has not regained her spirits at all since the sad death of her sou. The manufacture of intelligence in time* of stagnation is an important uuhistry in the Western States of America, where tbe news]>aper editors are often at their wits' end to find suffi cient food of a stimulating nature to satisfy tbe voracioun appetites of their readers. Very interesting details are given by the Cincinnati Gazette of the ingenuity displayed in this line by a Mr. Bennet, now dead, but once editor of the Cincinnati Enquirer. It was Mr. Bennet's prac tice when news was scarce to make small imagi nary children tumble from the New-jtort ferry boat into the Ohio river, where they would have certainly perished but for the gallantry of a gentleman who happened to witness the occur rence, and who plunged into the water .and rescued them —this gentleman being always some I>er>M>nal friend of Mr. Bennet's whom he de lighted to honor. Some of these heroes, how ever, at last became wearied of the distinction thus thrust upon them, and a certain Mr. Kelluua, who had several times figured in the columns of the Enquirer as the saviour of perishing innocents, preferred a request that his name might no longer be used for this jmri>o*e. He was assured that his request, al though it was proof of a curiously sensitive dis position, should be complied with', and this pro mite was faithfully kept, for the next day Mr. Kelluin read in the Enquirer that on the previous day a beautiful little girl, the child of a promi nent citizen of Newport, had fallen from the Newport fern--boat into the river, and that Mr. Kelluin, who was standing close by and could have rescued the child from a watery grave, refused to render any iissixttuce. Boiling with indigna tion, Mr. Kelluin hurried to the office of the Enquirer, and uttered fearful threats of what he would do to Mr. Beunet if lus pleasantry con tinued. That gentleman, however, calmly pull ing off hi.-, coat, said, " See here, Kelluin, you are not a bad fellow in your way, but I cannot stand any interference with my department. If I make any statement in the Enquirer you musn't come round here contradicting it. That isn't journalism." Mr. Kellum retired abashed, and thenceforward submitted calmly to Ids fate. As example of justice tempered with mercy— rather over-tempered moat people will think— was given lately in Christchurch, New Zealand, where a father, for beating a little girl, his child, with a stick, and then tying her to a horse's taO, and allowing her to be thus dragged through a river, was simply ordered to find two sureties of , £10 each, and bind himself in a security bond of £20 for bis better conduct in future. I 