NEWS AND NOTES. Shadows of still more horrors, In Wednesday's Argus is the following relative to an old Ballarat man:-"A person named Edward Ainley, describing himself as a corn merchant, went to the City watch- house last evening, and stated that he wanted to give himself up for forgery. He then handed a penknife to the lockup,-keeper saying, ‘ Take that first.’ When asked what he did that for, he said that afraid he would cut his throat. Ho was advised to go to the detective office, but said he would not leave the watch house, because if he went away he would probably go to,the Yarra, and drown himself. He was .locked up on a charge of threatening to commit suicide, and a message was sent to the detective-office. After a while Detective Jennings came down with, a .warrant which had been issued, during the day, charging Ainley -with having, on the 12th .ult., forged the name of ,E^win Curtis to a bill of exchange for £lO3 11s ;3d, drawn by Ainley, and purporting to be accepted by Edwin . Curtis, and with having- feloniously uttered the bill. Jennings had been .looking for Ainley, and having traced him to'the Yarra, was afraid that the man had drowned himself.” • In reference to the above wa may state that the forged bill for which the accused was arrested had been. forwarded to the manager of the Ballarat branch of the Bank of Australasia, who, on looking at the signature, immediately pronounced it to be a forgery, and communicated the fact to the Melbourne branch. The warrant, was consequently issued for Ainley’s arrest. In addition to this forgery the names of —Cairns, produce merchant, Mair street, , and James Cargeeg, Creswick road, have been forged to bills of exchange, and we have full authority for stating that the forgery has been sytematically carried on for some time past, and it is not yet known to what extent the frauds have been committed. Seve ral.Sandhurat firms are also said to - have been drawn upon. The: information of Ainley’s arrest created quite a sensation in Ballarat on Wednesday, where ho had been so long known and respected, besides having been a partner in one of our leading firms in the corn trade, and many surmises were made as to the cause which bad led him to commit so grave a crime. It is known, however, that he has met with some heavy losses within the last year or ' two, and it is most pro bable that, like many other misguided men, he antici pated being.able to clear himself by working on capi tal which was not his own, and ultimately became inextricably involved. It will be seen in our Mel bourne letter that Mr Ainley has been admitted to bail The dispute between the Water Commission and Sir R. S. Mitchell, with reference to the, water-rates due on premises in Sturt street, is not yet at an end, though at present the Water Commission seems to have the best of the battle. Mr Mitchell’s tenants, however, are the real sufferers, not so much from the want of water for domestic purposes as from the fear of what might possibly arise iu the event of a fire breaking out on the premises. Mr Crawford has erected a large tank or , series of tanks at the top of his range of buildings, and this he anticipates will give him ample supply of water for ordinary purposes until the matter is settled, but in the meantime he saves £1 per week in the way of water-rates! As the case stands now, it appears that when Mitchell’s Buildings were being erected, a drain was made from underneath the stage at the Theatre Royal (which had hitherto been nearly always full)of water) to a well under Mr Crawford's shop, into which the water from the Theatre made its way, and the syphon then used to drain the Theatre Royal was dispensed with, but utilised in draining the cellar under Mitchell’s Buildings. Mr Mitchell then, as regards the Theatre Royal, was independent of the Water Commission, and afterwards refused to pay rates on that building, knowing that the water which had been so troublesome heretofore, was being drained else where. His other objection to the payment of the rates is that the Alfred Hall, under the control of the commission, has entered into undue competition with the Theatre Royal, to the injury of the latter; but with this the commission, it is well known, has nothing to do, the Alfred Hall being managed by a committee of the two councils. So that matter stands, but there is another phase of the dispute. A special service-pipe was laid on to the whole of the buildings, and Mr Mitchell, when . sign-, ing the application, agreed to pay the water-rates on the premises. Lately two of the tenants moved away, leaving rates due, but Mr Mitchell now objects to pay these arrears, on the ground that his tenants never refused to pay, and that he was not responsible. It'may be mentioned,’however, that Mr Crawford pays the rates due on - his. portion of the building, although the commission will not recognise him as the responsible person. Mr Mitchell then writes to the commission requesting the water to be laid on to the premises already tenanted, but to this the commission object, and a reply is sent stating that the water would be laid on to the premises, if the arrears ware paid. To this no answer has yet been received, and there the matter rest«-'at present. It may be stated, however, that there is about 4 feet of water in the cellar of Mr Crawford’s buildings but it is still 2 feet from the floor. No injury to the foundations is anticipated, at least-by Mr Mitchell, and he is the moat interested person. ; Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“When Mr R. H. Lock announced himself a candidate for the vacant seat in Grenville a good many in this quarter inclined to think that, from the existing combination of circumstances, ■ he would be allowed a walk-over. It would seem now, - however, that there is every pro bability of there being some more candidates- in the field. Sir John O’Shanassy is .freely mentioned as certain to come forward, - and on Tuesday evening an acquaintance of mine,, a prominent member of the temperance cause, informed mo that he himself was then in correspondence with Mr Richard Baker to'-' ascertain whether’, he would - stand. With regard to Sir John O’Shanassy’s -- chance, it is but fair, to-warn him that he has not what is popularly termed ‘ the ghost of a show!” ; On every side one hears his abilities descanted on, and numbers : of persons are expressing an ardent desire to see him ‘out’ us a candidate, and to hear him speak; they also say they would like to see him in the House, and they, even.go further and contend that he should be in the ; .House; but they generally wind up with the remark that they would not like to see him. returned for other constituency but that.' There is no use in dwelling upon, the class that would like to see him and his cosh together. ; How Mr Baker would poll this time, if he stood, nobody could form a con jecture at r this early stage of the .affair, however; can see that Mr Lock’s chances are splendid,» should they not be spoilt by-some unforeseen dream* stances. There are many here who would support Sir John_o'Shmassy a^mst x any other candidate but Mr Loch; but"there; is’a'slrong feeling that Mr Lock has a claim upon the district'againat all comers,” ~ About twenty medical gentlemen of Ballarat and . district, assembled at the, George hotel on IVednesday evening at aYarpwell.banquet, tendered td.Dr Hillas. Dr Clendiouing was in the chair, and DrKerrinthe vice-chair. ..A'most richerche spread was provided by Host Roister, which, - together with the wines, elicited the mdst ! unqualified approval of the partakers.'-The usual loyal toasts having been disposed of, Dr Whit combe then proposed—“. The Guest of the Evening,” and testified.to -the respect- lu- which Dr-Hillas-waa. held by the medical profession and the public after a. residence of nearly eighteen years, both for his surgical skill : and., general._abi,fijyjmdjeourtesy.;,.. Df.. Hillas replied in ,a. feeling, manner, and after several other toasts -had . been given and .responded to,.the , party broke up. We believedt is Dr Hillas, before his departure, with an testimpniarBAting?fprth; r thel.Tespect and esteem in whiclPh'e'is held by the; medical 1- profession in and ‘around- Ballarat,_ -- . At a meeting of the most influential.residents : and politicians of , Buuinyoug, held .on Wednesday! fore noon, it was decided'not to allbw MriLdck.a walk-over for the vacant seat for,,Grenville. ,-lit was, decided to send requisition's to-Sir Mr Wilson, ex-M’a‘.L.A. ! , .the -latter, haying. been 'defeated . at Ararat, at .the, -, last,'general - elections! -- We Under stand that .both gentlemen have expressed 'their; willingness 'to contest the election if guaranteed sup-' .port; and it rests’ with'them to decide whdbvili-oppose Mr,Look., ~ ~r i~ ,.:tT- . ... t We’announce-to-day the death of Mr Robert Swanr at the‘advanced - age.-pf nearly; 89 ,yearkf. : ‘Mr Swan was a .nativeipf CuparFife,in. Scotland! - , Hepiuhe to this coldny.abdut twenty years ago, , settling with his' . sons i in the:ißurrumbeet'- district; and -1 died" at jhis!. house,;Two Bridges,.oh Tuesday, from a’severe;attack ' of bronchitis! '..Ho was a. hale, and hearty.mah'almost up, to the day of his death, and was altogether as flue a specimen of- a Scotch peasant as could have been found in all Scotland. His remains will be buried - on Friday, the funeral leaving, his late.residence at’Two . Bridges at,noon of that day. : n :■•; - j;t ; - \- The additions’ to the worfcs.pf the/BalliiratWobllea .Factory .are progressing very-satisfactorily,' and; it is probable that within four months the cloth manufac-. .turing department will • be . ready-- for commencing operations. . The new; building, which is over twice the size of 'the present factory, isnow roofed in, ;andj •'will be completed in about and week.’ ! It is 3 intended to 'have twenty-dooms erected! here, 1 ■ andi all tho, machi nery, with the exception of; a few cases isnow-on the ground;--.There are nearly : 200 '.cases rcadyi’-for un packing,, which has- been selected by Mr Wilson,: the 'manager, "and comprises all the very latest improve ments in the manufacture of clqth. - A new. boiler is .also being made by! Messrs AYalker and! Hickman, so as to, get increased steam power;‘but it'israiiticipated that a new engine will’also have to'-be-procured to drive the additional;machinery.' The new building will be well ventilated both under foot and overhead, and every-: means .. wilbi be.;--:nsed to enable the employees to work with comfort. ; In ■:the first - completed ' portion.v.of ! : -the factory 'several additions have been made, including-a wring ing .machine and a burring machine, the latter of which has been found of great value in the Saving of labor, besides-better cleaning 'the raw wool. On Wednesday some shawls were - being -dressed far superior in pattern and- texture to anything yet turned out of the factory, and every day is showing an improvement in this 'department. There was also some very "excellent flannel skirtings of various patterns waiting to bo dried ready for sending out to different orders. , The dyeing hits hitherto been done by -- Mr‘Wilson in addition to .bis other. I duties,- but during the last week a-workman has been obtained for that duty alone, and in future - more diversification will be shown: in the colors and patterns of both shirtings and shawls. There‘are now between forty and fifty persons engaged in the factory, - but when the new machinery is - in full: working- order, it is probable that this number, will be increased - threefold, and perhaps more. , By the last mail instructions were - forwarded to England to select au overlooker for the factory, aud it is thought ho will arrive in time for the opening, of, the new building. The place is now well worth a visit, all the employees having, settled down'totheir'business; and all the machinery is in excellent working trim. Mention has recently been made in the Melbourne journals of a trial of Badcock’s patent life-preserving waistcoats. We may mention that there was shown to us on Wednesday, by Mr M'Lean, of the Emu hotel, Armstrong street, a waistcoat exactly similar to that described, and which has Tb'eeh ’in his possession over thirty years. This vest is padded with gutta percha air-bags on both breasts, and another small one 'at the.back of the heck, the whole being connected by tubing, which can be blown,with sufficient air in less than half a minute to keep the body buoyant, and enable the .wearer to keep any position - in the water. Another advantage •: in this article of clothing is that it can be worn as an ordinary vest on all occa sions at-sea, and in case of falling overboard the. wearer can, while in the water, fill the air-bags and so secure, his own safety. Mr M’Lean states that ho- got the article from an American sailor in 1833, and will be happy to show.it to those desirous of seeing it. A court for the revision of the citizens’ rolls for the City of Ballarat, was held at the • court-house at noon on/Wednesday. There were present the - Mayor, aud Councillors M'Dowall, Everingham, and Doane. There Were neither claims nor objections, and the rolls for the several wards were signed by the court.. There were 3891 ratepayers’ names on the rolls for the city, divided as follows:—South ward, 1924; central ward, 901; north ward, 1069. A quantity of gravel has been placed on the foot path to the-left of "the Creswick road from Webster street towards the Tam p’ Shauter hotel. The pebbles are unusually round and large for pedestrians to tread down, and the road roller should certainly be run over the footpath. • ' A court for the revision of the burgess-list for the Town of Ballarat East.,was hold on Wednesday, at noon; present, the Mayor, and Councillors Ivey, Tay lor, and Russell. There were no objections against the names on the Hat, but au application was made for the names of Messrs Chas. Seal, John C. Smith, and John R. Elsworth to be placed on the roll, en titling them to vote by virtue of the rates paid by the Woollen Company. It was pointed out by the town clerk that the rates had been paid by Mr Webb, the manager of the company, ’ and not in the names of the applicants. It was held by the court that the applicants did not come- under the meaning of the Boroughs Statute with respect to the rights of owners and occupiers to bo so included in the list. As it was not proved that the applicants were either the “ owners or occupiers,” the claim, was hot allowed, and the list was signed by the court.' About 1500 persons paid-their rates before the 10th June, the \- specified time. Last year the number was.under 1300, .and the year before 1700 had paid their rates before that date. At. the City. Police-court on Wednesday, three drunkards were dealt with in the ordinary way by Mr Permewan, J.P. At . the Town Police-court six drunkards were dealt with, and a woman named Mary Ann Knight was remanded till this morning on a charge of having stolen a pairof boots. The mayor attended at the court-house. The half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Lodge, Order of St. Andrew, S.C., • was held on -Wednesday night at the lodge-room. The following brethren were duly installed in office by P.M. Br Jas. King, assisted by P.M. D. .'Cameron and P.M. D. Ritchie;—Br R. Esson, W.M.; Br J. McDonald, D.M.; Brs J. M‘Nce, A. Patience, and J. MTvor, S.W’s; Brs J. Robertson, and A.. Nichol, J.W’s.jßr W. Howatsou, S.T.; Br D. M’Kay, J.T.; Br- L. Blair, A.S.; Br M. M’Nee, treasurer (re-elected); Br Macfarlane, secretary (re elected). The green committee of the Howling Club - has taken the repair of the ground in hand, and a quan tity of bone-dust has been expended in the green. Some grass seed will be added forthwith, aud as the green.was left last season in fair order, a good sward for the; coming season may be safely reckoned on. Wo learn that the funds of the club are so far good, that if members pay call 1 arrears and their subscrip tions for next season, there will - be no lack of means to keep a thoroughly good green. _ —-WeTeafn that sixty more students have attended at the School of Mines since the first day of the present term; this makes in all seventy-six to date.. Last night mathematics, mechanical engineering, and metal lurgy, were the subjects of the lectures. Several of the students, however, have not yet got over the idea of the vacation, or had other matters occupying their time. . . . , . ■;: " . The Castorton correspondent of the Hamilton Spec tator refers to'.complications . already arising 'with re ference to selections taken up by Victorians on the border lands claimed by South Australia, and suggests means whereby the boundary might’be clearly defined. According to the views of the South Australians, the town of Apsley—hitherto, supposed to be a Victorian township—belongs to South Australia. Referring’to the Norwegiah'dehate, the Aryiis gives the following excellent_and. useless.. advice to Mr ! Higinbotham:—“ The-animus he never, loses an op portunity’of displaying towards the.upper branch of . the Legislature audthe .Imperial connexion, is rapidly 'assuming a'comic aspect—it is so evident, so bitter, and so personal. People'are 1 coming to the conclusion that .the hon. member, is possessed by>a monomania' bn -these points, and J are now : beginning to smile at .outbursts which they .formerly met with grave.expres-; siona of disapprobation. We are sorry to see ioflu :ence ‘ which might "effect so • much- good, if properly applied, frittered away in this senseless manner. - If,' Instead of wishing'to annihilate everyone and every thing having ■ the misfortune to differ from him in | to stand... in‘his:way,the hon. gentleman : would endeavor.- tc/conciliato and'persuade, to adjust I difficulties by means" b£ mutual concession, and assert his own- position chiefly, by respecting that of others, heTwould-'certainly do;! more;|orhis own reputation and" the'country he 'assists to govern than he effects at: jiresent.” ’’ • . i £ It seems that man Foster, whose body was found in; the spa last week/ was probably murdered. Shot marks, and marks-asi of strangulation, are de posed to/and the inquest’was adjourned till the 22nd inst., The’Standard saya an " effort; is to be made to form' a troop of the Prince of Wales Light Horse Cavalry in Warrnambool. - —Wo arorequested'to“call' the'attention'of the depo-" sitors in the Ballarat Savings Bank to the notification in our advertising columns,’ announcing'the days, upon, •which the/audltor appointed by the Commissioners of Savings-Banks for, the inspection of the depositors’ pass books will attend-for that purpose, at the Ballarat ■ : Savings Bank; viz.; from Tuesday, 1 the' 4thj till Friday, the 7th August, both days inclusive. The drawing clash under Messrs Brown and Oldham with' their assistants was, crowded on Wednesday evening, and the-leoture-room at the Mechanics’ 'lnsti tute could not accommodate the,whole Of the pupils. There were 90 present,- and theSS - wfete engaged on outline drawing and shading. The class for mechani cal drawing meets on Monday evenings, and Wednes day’s dessons-. have to be repeated on- Saturday night. ~.Mr CorneUus Gayan Casey,, a surgeon, giving evi dence at the ,inquest’on the body picked out of the _se.a jaear. Brighton^last week, was committed 1 ‘to gaol for twenty-four'hours for contempt of court’in using insulting language-tp-the. coroner. -There was no business transacted at the Warden’s Court-on Wednesday The Age, too,-, thinks, some-taUoressea had > better be domestie.helpsj-but adds, the following, which is worth a -thought by ,thosehwhom ; ,it-, may concern:—“No doubtitis a class that has its vices,- and; that turns /but- numbers,- both of men and women,' who are dis honest, disingenuous and.disohedient, and shamefully unobservant of the, wants of rthe parlor; but has the parlor no obligations that it fails to discharge ? Does it always set the example, of modesty and sobriety to' the kitchen ? ‘Are its manners so much superior, and is it ’so much nearer being the home of all the virtues ?• ■ We firmly believe that if the question could honestly be answered in the .’affirmative, there would 'not,.be so much.work, for Mr'W. C. Smith among the sewing-girls; Domestic service, would hot be regarded with such aversion as it is, now.-‘ The victim of over work would gladly fly to it if ahecould be; sure that her constitution and her temper were not to, be over tasked in'another way, and that she would get some thing like, huinan/sympathy and a . kindly interest shown in-her wants and failings., But does she?” The decision arrived at by the Kynetonshire Council to establish tolls bn the main Blue Mountain;' road is likely (says the" GuardianJ to evoke strenuous -oppo sition. Qur Trentham; correspondent’ writes:—“ OH,‘ the awful-rows about the tolls. From one end,of the riding to’thc other.the cry won’t 'have tolls.’ And no wonder. ; Wo-know that the collection will cost half of the amount collected/ and the tax will press with undue severity on the farmersand others' whose teams make no impression on the metal.” / A survey party, under the leadership of' Mr C. S. Barker, arrived ’at Woodend on/ Monday morning/ for the purpose (says the Kyneton Guardian) p£ surveying a route for tho- proposed railway to /Blackwood and Daylesford. The survey camp has been formed in the vicinity of the Tin Hut, on the Campaspa, about five or six miles from Woodend, and; the work will be pushed forward as vigorously aa possible. Complaints are rife amongst the potato-growers of Woodend, Newham, and Rodhfotd districts (says the Kyneton Guardian) of ,the great difficulty of obtain ing labor for digging, and it is apprehended that no inconsiderable portion of this - season’s crop will be lost from)this cause. We have heard of one farmer who stopped every laboring man wbocame along the road, but although he was willing to give liberal wages, he could not obtain the required assistance. Another has been obliged to send for- his sons who are settled on farms of their own in distant parts of the colony, and others are obliged to neglect. the ordinary work of thefarm/so that all available hands : may be em ployed in the potato field. ■ - Perhaps some of the army of 2000 who are applying for, gatekeepers’ billets on the Victorian railways, may be induced to take - this hint./.-, Of .the’. Ararat railway contract the ’ correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says:—“ Instead of finding, as l expected, and asT have often, seen on railways, .large nnmbers of men and liorsea- cutting down hills and raising embankments, I saw, every half-mile or so, one, two, or three men, with a barrow or two, digging | and wheeling earth out of holes at tho sides of the line, and carefully laying it 'with shovels on the line. I have no hesitation in sayiug that two years will not complete the contracts, at the present rate of pro gression, and when it is made, without either being carted or wheeled over, it will be a considerable time before it will hear any : traffic. That, however, is a matter to which the engineers will attend. It is some what strange that thejxaffic should be opened on two other lines of railway before the Ararat one.” The-Government have resolved (says the Argus) that a thorough investigation shall take place into the •treatment of the late Gunner Dagwell and the cir -cumstances attending his death. Major Sargood, Mr Gillbeo (surgeon), and the sheriff, Mr Wright, have been asked to form a board to enquire into the mat ter. ,lb is somewhat; singular that on Monday Dr M’Gauran ceased to be an officer of the Government. His services then terminated in consequence of a notice given him about a month previously, that they would not longer be required, as the Industrial School he was attending would be no longer continued. Wc believe he attended tho Local Force at the request of the Chief Medical Officer. • On tho 12th June William Flynn O’Sullivan was gazetted bailiff of the Kyneton County Court. Yes terday, the 14th July ''(saysrthe Jsynelon Guardian), little more than a month after his appointment, the samo William Flynn O’Sullivan was committed for trial by the Kyneton buuch on a charge of embezzle ment. The facts of the case were very simple. On the 3rd iust. prisoner was entrusted with a warrant of distress to execute. On the 4th the amount of the debt and costs, £3l 13s Bd, was paid to him, but instead of accounting for it to the proper officer, he went to Melbourne the same night and was ■ arrested on tho 9th by Detective Mahoney, having only £l3 10s' then in his' possession. . Prisoner did not at tempt to cross-examine the witnesses, and reserved his defence. We (Kyneton Guardian) regret/to learn that diph theria has made its; appearance at Trentham. - There are at present three cases under treatment. We (Colac Observer) have received from Mr C. M. Farrington, manager of the Western Meat-preserving Company, a sample tin of a “ new industry,” namely, Christmas, plum-pudding preserved in tins. This is certainly a novelty-in its way, and, judging from tho sample, it is really first-class, possessing a rich flavor, 'and is, in all respects, fully equal to that which a good housewife sends smoking to the table, at Christ mas time. * Mr A. H. Bartlett having determined to proceed to India, has disposed of his hotel to Mr R. Hager, and has instructed Messrs Tunbridge and Cos. to dispose of his stud-of horses, buggies, &c.;, on Saturday next. Among the horses are some gpod racers—hurdle and steeplechasers. A trial of a new explosive will be made at the quarries this afternoon. A special meeting of governors and subscribers will be held this evening at the Mechanics’ Institute, to elect an honorary surgeon to the District Hospital in place of Dr Hillaa. . A meeting of the Irish Club is called for this even ing at the George hotel. \- ■ The Fine Arts Exhibition and concert was exceed ingly well attended on Wednesday evening, when Miss Milner, and Messrs Barry O’Nicl, Raynor, and Brown displayed their several specialties and were encored several times.. During the evening several •prizes were distributed.- This evening; there will bo another change of programme. / A football match is -to ho played in Geelong on Saturday afternoon, between the Phmnix and,Geelong football clubs. .The/match'is for the challenge cup ’presented by Mr G. R. Rippoh; for competition between clubs outside of Melbourne. Should the Phmnix Club not succeed in bringing the cup to Ballarat, a team from’ the Ballarat Football Club will be sent to Geelong, probably on the 8 th-proximo. London Fiues.— While the population of London has more than doubled during the last forty years, the number of fires has more than trebled. This state ment is made officially,- and it is not surprising that the fire-offices ‘ should regard the existing state of things as unsatisfactory. Further than this, they have the-best reasons for knowing that it is unneces sarily unsatisfactory. - The causes of the excessive fires are not far to seek.- They have keen set forth clearly enough in'the report of the committee on the means of protecting the metropolis' against fire issued this week, such report, however, only formulating what was before*'-perfectly' well known. The causes may be set down. as three in. number. 1., Defective mechamcal'Carrangements.2. Insufficient water supply./ ; 3. : ;lncendiarismi- But in truth the second of these;causes may be regarded as lying at the root of the whole evil.— lnsurance Record. , Second Wives.— Josh Billings mays: — “-There ain’t ennything that-will’kompletely kufe lazyness, blit a seepnd wife has been'known to Hurry it some,” 