OPENING OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH, BURWOOD. ? On Sunday last, 13th instant, the new church at Burwood was foimaUy opened, blessed, and dedicated to our Blessed Lady under the title of Mother of God, by his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney. This neat structure is in the pointed Gothic style, and consists ab present of a, nave only,' built .of white stone and choice white-pressed bricks, with a high pitched slated roof. Its length is 73 feet by a width of 32 feet, and it is estimated that it will accommodate a congregation of 500 to 600 peraons. It is lighted by eight lancet windows on each side, and one on either side of the principal entrance, which, according, to ancient Catholic usage is placed in the west. Directly over the door is a handsomely- cai'ved pediment and canopy for a statue of the patroness. There is also a second entrance by a porch built on the southern side. The interior presents a very imposing appearance from the fine elevation'of the roof, which ia panelled diagonally with Maryborough pine, and supported by principals of the same material springing from stone corbels beneath the windows. A commodious organ loffe is placed over the western entrance ,and faces the altar. A very chaste reredos, | painted in imitation white marble, and divided jinro three compartments by mouldings of blue and gold, stands behind tho altar,, and affords a temporary sacristy. The altar, though Ismail, was beautifully decorated with flowers, and !on either side was a statue of our Lady and St. Joseph. The sanctuary pro tem was icovered with a splendid carpet, and a throne was [provided on the gospel side for the Most Rev. | Dr. Folding, and on the epistle side there yras a 'prie-dieufor his Grace of Nazianzus with, sedilia for the celebrant and deacons. The building, vvhich has cost £1566, was designed by Mr. D. W. Ryan, architect ; Mr. O'Brien was the con tractor for the stone and brick work, and Mr. John Purcell for the finishing trades. The works have been evidently carried out ia a faithful aud satisfactory mauner, and rellect the highest icredit on all concerned. ] The committee of the district, prominent, (amongst whom were Mr. E. Neich, Mr. T. M. ISlattery, Mr. J. Murphy, Mr. M 'Donald, and 'Mr. Ryan, under the direction of the Rev, G. tM'Carthy, determined to make the opening la success, and invited a great number of Sydney Presidents for the occasion. A special train was jsecured, which left the Redfern terminus at [lO. 15 a.m., tolerably well filled with visitors, who 'increased as the train stopped at each interme diate station to pick up passengers. Arrived on the ground, tlie crowd was greatiy augmented by those who came out by omnibuses aud pri vate conveyances. The residents of the district of all denominations also came iu goodly num bers to testify their esteem to t'ae respected pastor of the church — the Rev. Callaghan M'Oarthy. Amongst those on the ground we noticed his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, the Hon. E. Butler, Q C. ; W. A. Duncan, Esq., Collector of Customs; Mr. J. G. O'Connor, M.P., and Mr. W. H. Cooper, M.P. ; Messrs Pilcher, R. F. Stubbs, S. Bennett, Crane, J. Ferguson, VV. F. Cape, H. Makinson, T. Butler, R. Butcher, J. J. Moore, T. O'Neill, E. F. Fiaua gau, J. J. Curran, J.P., P. R. Larkins, M.'. Tierney, T. Maher, [[. G. Makin son, E. J. Rubie, F. Blake, E. Hoi lingdale, Drs. Clune aud Lmre, P. MuU roney, and numerous other gentlemen of the city and suburbs who .take an interest in Catho flic progress; S Shortly after 11 o'clock his Grace the Arch jbishop, vested in rochet and cope, wearing his i mitre, and bearing his pastoral staff, appeared on the ground, attended by Dr. Golebti, as master of ceremonies, the Very Rev. Prior Dwyer as celebrant of the Mass, tho Rev. Placid Quirk as deacon, and the Rev. Father Hayes1; a? sub-deacon, and the reverend incum bent of the parish, wifeh numerous acolytes from St, Mary's Cathedral. ' * i The ceremony commenced by the clergy chanting the Aspergcs me Bomine, in procession round the exterior of the church, the Arch bishop sprinkling holy water upon the walls. Arrived at the western door, the Miserere mei Dcus and usual prayers were recited. The pro cession then entered, singing the Litany of the Saints, the interior walls being blessed iu a similar manner to the exterior. At the conclusion the congregation were admitted, the body and gallery being well filled. Special regard had been paid by the committee to the accommodation of distinguished visitors, and satisfactory arrangements were made for the comfort of all. His Grace the Archbishop having taken his seat, High Mass was sung by the Very Rav. Prior Dwyer. Tho choir, composed of singers principally from St. Benedict's, sang Haydn's No. 3 Imperial Mass, the mosb pro minent voices being those of Miss Slattery and Dr. Laure. Mrs. Garvan presided at the har monium with her accustomed ability. The Offertorium, 'Ave Maria,' by Cherubini, was exquisitely rendered by Miss Slattery. Bef -re the Post Communion, the Mosb Rev. Dr. Vaughan, attended by hia chaplain (Father Gillett), ascended the steps of the 'altar and preached a soul-stirring sermon, taking his text from the second chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesiaas, 4th and 9th verse3 : ' But God, who is rich in mercj', for His exceeding charity wherewith He loved U3, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together in Christ (by whose grace you are saved) ; and hath raised us up together, and hath made us sit together in heavenly places through Christ Jesus, that he might show in the ages to come the abundant riches of his grace, in his bounty towards us in Christ Jesus. For by grace you are saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, for it is the gift of God, not of works thatno man may glory.' The following is the substance of the discourse: — May it please your Grace: Dearly beloved, I have chosen these words for the subject of our meditation thia morning, as they seem so appropriate, so becoming, and so fitting for the opening of a church like this; they engender thoughts that bring prominently before our atten tion the great principles on which Christianity is founded — faith, which is the gift of God, aud charity. It is in this place, and places like this, that these principles are rooted and imbedded in our hearts ; it is in these places that God has raised us up togethei\ where He pours forth the riches of His bounty upon up, and therefore we should love them and beautify and regard them as heavenly places where we Bit together. St;. Paul writes to theEphesians, whom he had converted, having preached the Gospel to them two years the first time, and afterwards fora year from a prison. He reminds them o£ the time when they had been drawn with tenderness and power into the Church; he speaks of the days when they lived in darkness and according to the world and the flesh, when they were dragged along by their own vain thoughts, unbil they were rescued from the pit by the exceeding charity of G od the Father, who sent His only Son, by whose grace we are saved, and raised them vp to live together in Jesus Christ in heavenly places, that all generations should give testimony of the abundant riches of His grace. He points out to them that, by grace, they were saved through faith, not of themselves, but of the gift of God. The work of man's redemption is the re3ulfc, uot of man's ingenuity nor of his learning, but solely and exclusively of the charity of God, who has poured forth His power and light into our hearts, and quickened us together in Christ, not by any merit of our own. Not by any force of our will have we been raised up by our merciful and kind Lord to sit in heavenly places in the com munion of 'saints. The words of St. Paul bring before our minds the great principles of Christi anitj? — Faith animated with Charity. Let us consider these principles — first, faith coming from God as a free gift ; second, the result of faifch— purity of mind and body ; third, charity, which, like the light of day diffusing itself abroad, fills our hearts to overflowing with love to God and our neighbour, spreading its sweet influence over our souls, bringing them closer and closer to Divine perfection. There are two ways whereby man is able to know things— one by proving, and the other by believing. Of ? course we taka the first principles for granted, fundamental truths which all Christians believe like the light of Heaven. Then there is another way proceeding from authority. A man says something to me of his knowledge, or he may have seen some thing, and I believe because he tella me. I accept what he says as quite true.; the whole knowledge of the world is founded on this authority. We receive it from another, and it ia taken for granted. If we were to retrace our steps from the present day and go back to the end, we could only arrive at this conclusion. We know that two and two make four. We can't go beyond that. Our minds cannot help believing certain truths, which fix and impress . themselves upon us — what we take for granted to begin with. Then there is our belief iu things which we do not see, which we believe to be true, and which we receive on authority, not of a man, but from the Author of Truth Himself— a belief which is not attained by our own power and ability, but by the grace' of God. The Lord Almighty has taught us by His wonderful revelations, Ho ha3 given us numberless signs and proofs of His majesty, His might, and His love for us. Those, added to the great sea of history,. to the vast history of miracles, stamp the faith yre hold as being based on the foundation of Almighty God^s truth. Yet we see many men, with all this powerful evidence before them, find a difficulty in believing. Take, for instance, the mysteries of the Holy Trinity and Blessed Sacrament. Why do some men nob believe in these ? Because they have not asked God to give them the precious gift of faith. That is the reason why so many disbelieve iu the visitations of our Lord as taught in the Catholic Church. There are numbers of studious men and thoughtful philosophers who have endeavoured to master this difficulty and have failed. Why ? Because without the grace of God ifc is impossible to receive faith. Some people say, 'If I could only believe what you Catholics believe, how happy I should be. The real , presence of our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament, the intercession of the Saints, the con solations of Confession, appear to me to be all false.' To these people, I say, If you wish to believe in these things, pray to God, open your heart to Him, beg of Him to draw you out of the darkness of ignoraace, to pour on your soul the abundant riches of grace. Retire from the busy haunts of men, away from the world, and in silence and solitude expose your heart to the Giver of all good and per feel; gifts, and He wiil vouchsafe to open the door of light. After a time you will say, How strange I did not believe His doctrine at first, how strange it seems now, when I see the sun so bright — how different to what it appeared in my daya of darkness and sorrow. Why is it so dif ferent ? Because Almighty God has vouchsafed to you the gift of faith — faith that teaches us humility and purity of life. You have asked our Lord to dig into the hard soil of your heart;, to shed His marvellous light upon your darkened soul, to open to you the riches of His grace, to adorn you with the great jewel of faith — that glorious privilege which has made so mauy martyrs go smilingly to a cruel death — so many ignorant women aud little children, with great joy, lovingly lay down their lives. In the early days of Christianity we read of thousands going forth to claim the martyr's crown. Would they have done this through human influence, through the power of man 1 On, no ! Would human considerations have induced them to go to a fearful doom like tri umphant conquei'ors? Look back upon the history of the Church, and you see one grand manifestation of the Spirit of God. Yon read ofscrong men and delicately nurtured women leading lives of mortification, nofe merely for a time, but giving themselves up to the martyr dom of a long life, continually bearing trial and suffering with lowly humility and patience ; all of which has sprung from the gift of God. Faith, this noble incentive which teaches men to carry their cross, to follow in the footsteps of Jesus Christ— this faifch based, on the adaman tine rock of God's mercy and love. When I stand and look into the vision of my faith, my mind is raised up and carried away, as it were, to heavenly places. There are many beautiful visions in this world presented to the sensible eye. We can gaze upon the vast canopy above, the shining heavens burning with brilliant planets and stars, and we are awe struck by the grandeur of the Creator. And then again how many tokens of Hia Divine hand do we nob meet with on this earth— the smiling landscape decked with beautiful flowers, the fertile valley, the wooded hills, the snow capped summits of lofty mountains towering to Heaven's gate — the vast expanse of ocean, now lying in deep repose and as placid as the sleep of childhood, and again lashed into fury, rolling its foam-crested billows towards the skies amidst the'terrible crash of thunder aud lightning ? And there are the visions of poets — men of genius — who present to us beautiful or fearful pictures set in exquisite word-painting by their vivid gifts of imagination. And we have the visions of painters, whose efforts lift us far away from the beaten track of this life fco worlds unknown. But when I stand high up and look on the vision of faith, what do 1 see ? Nob the scenes of this world, not the fancies of the poet or the painter. I see the sublime mystery of the Holy Trinity — God the Father, the Son, and tha Holy Spirit. I see a world created by them ; I see man fallen, degraded, unhappy, helpless ! and 1 sse a merciful Father sending His only begotten Son into the world. I see before me the whole scheme of man's redemption. I follow in spirib the footsteps of the God-man through His life on earth. 1 witness His bitter agony and cruel death upon Calvary, and the blaze of His glorious resurrection and ascension into Heaven. How can I paint in words the everlasting Trinity— the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, surrounded by great and marvellous choirs of angels and saints, those who have loved and served Him in this life, and now are all gathtred together in heavenly places ? And when I look upon all that Christ has done I for my soul — His wonderful revelations, His precious gift of faith ; His sweet entice ments along the road of grace ; His pati.-nt endurance under the load of my sins — I see the grand vision and feel how sweet it ia to contem plate it, aud am lost in its sublimity. Dearly beloved, the* vision of faith is one of ^reat splendour. You see the sun shine, aud you nke to look upon this luminary pleased, overj.o«r' re i, and awe stiicktn by the masterful li hi so many millions of miles distant ; and, although so far away, you feel its warmth, You kuow if this orb were extinguished you would die ; such is its influence on your life, that when ifc uhines is makes your life joyful. Faith is just )he same, without it we are lost in --arknesa, dead in sin. You look on thia marvellous vision, and you feel it is a vision of a reality. I see Jesus Christ, true God, true Man, my Judgf, my Redeemer, my JBVuiH, my Benelactor, looking with great power and tenderness into my heart. I see His eye, Bis piercing, everlasting eye, penetrating to its very centre core, and seeing all its workings. I feel that He sees me through and through, that Hia eye is ever fixed upon me. In proportion as we gtasp this fact the more are we impressed by God's presence, and the more we shall love Him aud live according to His will, and experience the great fruit of faith, purity of mind, body, aud intention. Who can look on the heavenly visions of faith and not be struck? Wno can look upon God, the Father of our Lord ?—on Jbeus Cbrist, who was crucified for our sins— or on the Holy Spirit, so sweeb and so gentle, without adoring 1 Iu proportion as we become acquainted with our Lord, the apostles, the martyrs, and saints, the greater becomes our desire to join in their holy fellowship. What society is so sweet as that of those who have fought through the trials of this life and attained their everlasting reward ? Let us strive to imitate their example, and walk in this life as truly Catholic men and women — beings belong, ing to another world, working out our salvation in fear and trembling. The Church is the workshop or laboratory, where tve can strengthen our faith : We have the blessed Sacrament present, and we believe that under fehe veils of bread and wine Jesus Christ truly exists. We believe that when water is poured an a child in baptism the spirit of darkness is cast out. We believe that when a man kneels down in confession to another man like himself, that man's sins, by the power of God, are forgiven. In this place, and places like this, God has placed instruments to purify and cleanse our souls. What can more strengthen our faith than coming here, and, kneeling down before the Blessed Sacrament in silent prayer, asking our Lord to cleanse us from the stains of the world ? Why is it we feel so light after confession ? Having received pardon from our Lord — do we not feel the presence of an unseen world ? How can we deal with such things and not feel a desire to purify our hearts ? Ask any one who has been to Holy Communion and received our blessed Lord if he haa not received some addition of love to God and to man. These sacraments are the buckets wherewith to draw the water of eternal life. In conclusion, we should make a resolution to never enter a church without endeavouring to strengthen our faith, to make the house of God a house of prayer, to make it, as it were, the ante-room to Heaven, where we shall leave all the noise and cares of the world without, where we shall ask God to open heaven's gates to kneel in secret prayer before the place where his glory dwelleth. If we fall from God let us come here, let our thoughts wander to Mary, that tender mother so pure, to John, the beloved disciple who lay on the bOBom of our Lord, and we will receive censolation and strength. No one can come here without feeling adoration and love to God, and charity to all men. You will ieel raised up, your lives will be more pure, your friends will be affected in an invisible way. You will do good at home, your children will be taught to claBp their little hands and lisp their prayers to the throne of grace. God knows all hearts, and all these things are very sweet — they lead to Him. We shall say, with Peter, Lord, it is good for us to be here; and when the day comes when God shall call us away from this world, we shall feel we have endeavoured to merit His mercy, we shall place confidence in His love, we shall humbly approach Him and say, 'Lord God, abandon me not now.' At the termination of the sermon, a collection was made, which resulted in the sum of £330 being subscribed towards clearing off the debt, which is now about £440, The Mass was then concluded, his Grace the Archbishop giving the blessing, and the choir singing the Hallelujah Chorus. Shortly after, the invited guests assembled in the school, where a sumptuous luncheon had been provided by the committee. The edibles were furnished by Mr. Cripps, of George-street, in first-class style, and Mr. Neich, of Burwood, was caterer for the wines, which were excellent. The Rev. C. M'Carthy presided, having Archbishop Polding on his | right and Dr. Vaughan on his left. Dinner i being over, the rev. chairman rose and thanked thft company for their kindness in assisting at the opening of the church. He called upon them to drink the health of his Grace the Arch bishop. He referred in well-chosen terms to the labours of that venerable prelate for forty years in the various colonies which formerly were part of the diocese. He trusted his Grace I would be spared to see the day when St. Mary's Cathedral would be opened. The toast was drunk with great enthusiasm. j His Grace the Archbishop rose, amidst great ' cheering, and thanked them for their kindness. There was a circumstance connected with this day which might possibly be remembered for years to come. On this day, and about, the same hour, thirty-nine years ago, had his feet first touched New South Wales. He landed on some rough planks upon piles, at what is now called the Circular Quay. He went to live with a Mr. Leveln, whose hotel was near t Bligh- street, and it was here he got his first; taste of colonial experience. Mr. Levien recommended some very fine claret, and he called for a bottle, for which he paid 12s. 6d. The claret turned out to be the greatest rubbish he ever drank. When he looked back upon his thirty-nine years' life here, he had reason to be grateful to Almighty God. Taking life alto gether. it would bo found there was more smooth ness than roughness in it. He thanked them from his innermoat heart. The Rev. Chairman, in a few appropriate ' remarks, propoeed the health of his Grace of Nazianzus, which was duly honoured. i-i.'0^' Vat{ghan' iji reply, thmked them for the flattering manner in which his health had been received, and whilst he was on his feet he might be pardoned for saying a few words upon what was nearest to his heart, viz., St. John's College. In fact, so much was he engrossed by this sub]ect, that his friends thought he had St. Johns upon the brain. ^Laughter). His Grace detailed his efforts to make the college one of the greatest educational estab hshmenta of the colony. He was making the place more suitable for the reception of stu dents, he had engaged a competent staff of professors, and he intended to teach himself. He had received some encouragement, and only thatmorniugsome friends bad sent him £200. Grace having been said, the company dispersed, numbers returning to towii by tho special tram. The arrangements were highly satisfac tory, and reflect great credit on the energy of the committee, who made the opening of the Bnrwood Church an, undoubted success. 