EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meeting of the above Society was held in Pine-street Lecture Hall on Monday even ing, May 11; but owing to the uncertainty of the weather the attendance was not so larare as on previous occasions. The retiring President, the Rev. W. P. Wells (Wesleyan), occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform the Revs. James Henderson and P. Maclaren (Presby terians), J. Jefferis, J. McEwin, and C. B. Symes (Congregationalists), and J. Bickford (Wesleyan). The Chairmah said—Among the many sub jects which have occurred to me as the theme of the brief address I have to-night to deliver, I have selected this—The great want of the Church, and how to get it supplied ? The Church has many wants. For example, she wants greater spirituality of mind, for there is in her a sad degree of worldliness. She wants greater unity, for1 we are a long way yet from the true unity of Christendom, viz., that union for which the Master prayed when He asked that they all may be one. Further, Bhe wants greater zeal, for there is far too much of Laodicean ease. And yet, again, she wants greater enthusiasm for Christ. We have been taught to wish for more of the enthusiasm of humanity, which would indeed be good; but I am persuaded that greater enthusiasm, for Christ—the personal, living, sympathizing, • interceding, reigning, saving Jesus Christ— would be even better. If I were asked what was the great distinguishing feature of the early Christians—that which constrained them to duty, impelled them in enterprise, sustained them in persecution, and led them to victory—I should say it was their burning love for Jesus; and more of this burning love for Jesus is another of the wants of the Church in our times. But it is to none of these I refer when I speak of " the great want of the Church in this age." What I do mean is this—a larger measure of the Spirit's influence, a Pentecostal .baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is the want of the ministry; this is the want of the eldership; this is the want of the members; this is all good things in one; as is intimated by comparing our Lord's words as given by Matthew with similar words as given by Luke. In Matthew it is— " If ye, then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask Him." But when we turn to Luke it is—"How much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." Let the Church have this gift of the Spirit—this baptism of the Hcly Ghost—in richer measure, and she will soon reach a higher standard, and wield a mightier power, and win richer success. But how is this want to be supplied ? We have only to look at the Church of Jerusalem on the Day of Pentecost to learn that it must be as the result of earnest, united, and persevering prayer. Their prayer was earnest. They con tinued in prayer and supplication. But fervour in prayer for this blessing can never exist with out a deep and almost overwhelming conviction of the importance, the value, and the necessity Vrinced?of®B> iftSpj§$fl^$ra have crrorj|$binfc'&^ 'this OD^SliSffi 'niM^jjin'OTl'tmi theil banners are: waving onirigb. eannoi^ fbeir ball^'thmr 'be 'tiling' is in brder^ibtyti2ng^i«atm^^a»w wait[they iort1 TCheiirib. that! some bl^thSniAdnld. wonders thatPeter especially 'did nptMBbmmffc'i; *>r j himself. Bat tiie commanded fbeBUrd31 '.plain justified\thrir patience. Tbe.'tire « came,' and glorious '"were theresultA brethren,'the:world-hiui.not changi" anity has hot. hlfajffiia, !»fif TOMifa?; tion hasxot changed. H we would cobahmho: ^ results ihw must beac^mplisbed bytUeetune ■* > - ■means. Hence i'irif. '#&».• Ghost. - Neverin the histwy-cd thS ^r^d -triMO® ^ there so many enroU^-;mthe ChriBtiiarariny. " Mever -was there re6re;?iffv<vre^ regard aa likriy te pr^nca■mMnrli^J ««hlbi; vCife and yet bow ^ effected,'' aM-whairlarbur '.-'•batot^"'~Hpt.',^^;V4-'f'' c patrbhage pr the* subsidies <ff .•?■£ that' without; not beautiful'temples: hot . groatefrW'1:.;'; ttdent and". lealmng:;':^h^;^'•b^!^^l^^?£' the Church; hot greater wealth ahd 'inflaence ' / , .in the lafiyof: good iniheir places but theyare hOT"b»>|^e^tt""1;?0 ■want; they areconly the' ahahCmlai^lbe the ifire—thc'^dly-*-'Ghi^.:-:li^':^dojni;:l.:bi^ffi.j 4$>%iC. Heaven. Fix this cimTdetiori ^ " F power in each of our bosoms; born Tntb as the thought—that without this everything else is - ' ; uselesaj and, oh1what ardour,whatfeivonr, what wrestling w31 there be; ih-ouSf '^g^slfor ih» " promised gift. But their prayers wereonited as 1 1 well, as earnest. Tiejr continued wlih one 1' accord. And if the Church wMdvp^ -•• - u her prayereBhemustbeunited now.-And^then. ' their prayerswerepefaevgnng. >'T^^opntiimed in prayer till the blessing came.?; Gne great ? - cause of feebleness' In;' prayer fa want Of faith. We want to fix It m our irnnds that all weaskis really promised and available. Lei us.be assured f -; thatPentecost was hbt a gala day in theChuroh; v„ -' to be regarded as hbnoured mth achievenients never to be seen again. Mb, it was as to its _ spiritual characteristics a srachnen day: anu if v the Church had maintained her" fidelity, her chronicles would have been filled with sach days. Even now, herb and there and nowaad then, such a day is seen to ishow what.we may expect,. ; .: and whit we are authorised to ask^ and, not- : withstanding all bur shortcomihgsj there famuoh. in our times to encourage 'tis'^too^edt'greater ■ ' ■ things than our eyea yethave sebn. ' Maiiyafe , ;. the indications of the Spirits readiness';to -come '' ■ at the call of the Church. Amongst" the' Jews >•■ - such a spirit of enquiry prevails in'some ^places'" as was never known before.". Heathenism it ; ■■ beginning to totter io its &U;, and is asking for r. light. Mohanmiedaniflm ls waiuijg and narrowing our view to our own congregations in tins land. .■■■:■ There are scores within them' who require to OhrLt and to ' His: fold." O, ." fidelity, in earnest, united,' and persevering^ . ' ^ prayer. Then shall the Spirit; be'jxnmed npte». * ■ as from on high, and the wilderness shall become!>*-v a fruitful field, and the fruitful fieH be county for a foreBt; then shall the feeblest' amongst {Wf1 £ be as David, the.glory of the* Lord'Bhall nao . l;, upon Israel, her righteousness shall go forfh iaa ^ - ^ brightness, and her salvation as a lamp -that ' bimieth. The Lord hasten it in his time. (Applause.') ' ' ' . , ' " ' ' The' Sbcbeeabt (Rev. J. MeFwin) then res«l . the following report:—In presenting ihmr, ; n.nnnn.1 report the Committee Of the South ' ' Australian Evangelical Alliance have to express , their thankfulness that the past year has prc^F sented so few features that nave called for the ;' special work of the Alliance, For the object ;of this Association is not to plant churches, nor to \ carry on missions, nor to engage in aggressive work of any kind. Its object fa defenmve rather than offenrive^—to foster union and brotherly" love amongst the soldiers of the Cross, and to ' ' _ stand .asa guardian oi thewalls bf Zion, toTe pair the breaches where they are broken dpivn, ' . and guard against. the encroachments bf .tho. , foe. While love abounds, whfle the walls are ; . secure, while the foe is inactive, there is little • work for fho AlliflH06» Aiid' tbis_ b». to some extent been the Case during .the . ._ past year. "A goed deal of quiet' work, however, has been dene. The annual' : meeting for 1873 was held in the Stow Schdol room on Monday eyemng, 12th May.- There was a good attendance. -The Rev. J. Jefferis, LLB;, the President, oocupied ihe chair, ana; gave a short review of the past yeaii' and after ; the reports for the year had been road. afud adopted introduced to -the meetihg the Presi- . dent elect, Rev. W. P. Wells, who then tobk . the chair, and'delivered an interesting address on the duty of Christians to love one another." ™ Rev. F. W. Cox gave, an address on the Fiiuui;'; cial Law of Christ's kingdom. Rev. J. Biok-. " ford and Rev. C. B. Symes also took jpart in the meeting. On the following. Wed nesdny, 14th May, an united Communion Service was held in St. Andrew's Church, , . which was crowded with oommuniMirte^ re- . of^he^i^^cJ-(Rev. W, p. Welk) preridedif and delivered an address on the design' of the Lord's Supper, and"tho;ooci«doh was felt by''7 " many to be more than usually solemn and re freshing. Early in the year the Rev. T.; Jasper ; Smyth, Corresponding Secretary, having re signed in consequence of being suddenly called to England, the Rev. John McEwin, of Hind. marsh, was elected to supply the vaoancy. The ministers? monthly prayer meeting has been regularly held, but with a small and fluctuating • attendance, varying from two to eight or. ten. *; It is felt that if this meeting Js to justify ifcs _ existence—if it is to be succeasful and pre- . Stable—it must receive • heartier, and more •-• : regular support from- our ministerial brethren. ! •; Ono only of tho ordinuy qnarteriy prayer : meetings baan htJd—m Chalfflaia Ctarah : oh November 18. There was a f air attendance, ' and the Rev. F. W. Cox delivered an appropriate address. It was deemed advisable by .your Committee to incorporate the preyer meethig, which should have bean held in Angusfc, wi&n; ; week of special meetings: arranged for at that time in eonneetion With the Alliance. " The object of these meetings was to plead for theout pouring of the Holy Spirit upon the Churches. They were held in the various places of wor ship in the city during the week commencing August 18. Short sermons were preached by the Revs. J. Henderson, F. W. Cox, J. LtoU, J. Bicikford, 0. Lake, and 0. B. Symes. The services weie well attended, and your Com mittee pray that the Beed thus cast upon Ihe waters may he found after many days. The third prayer meeting took the form of a thanks- . giving service, which was held in Flinders-. street Presbyterian Church on 18th_Febrnaiy. Your Committee also invited the various Evan gelical Churches throughout the colony to r unite in observing Sunday, 15th February, as a day of thanksgiving for the bountiful harvest, which was very generally done. In July last the attention of your Committee was directed by Me. John Cotton to the abounding open immorality in various parts of the city, After discussion it was resolved that a deputa tion from the Alliance wait on the Chief Secre tary on 29th August for the purpose of repre senting the matter, and seeking Mb aid to suppress it. The deputation, consisting of your Committee, together with several gentlemen who ceeld speak from personal knowledge of the evil complained of, was courteously received by the CMef. Secretary, who promised to move the police to the discharge of their dhty. Tour Committee have reason to believe ^ that their action in this instance has not been without good results. With this brief account of their stewardship, and praying that tho interest folt in this Alliance and its objects may be deepened and widened, your Committee now replace their trust in your hands, Mr. G. W. Cotton, the Treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed that the receipts had been £18 Os. 10d., and the expendi ture £15 8s., but as the year began with a debit balance of £9 15s. 7d., the Society now owed to its Treasurer £7 2s. 9d. ^ On the motion of the Rev. J. BickfOSD, seconded by Mr. J. A ChaBTIK,, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The Rev. W. P. Wehs, in retiring from the Presidency and introducing the Rev. James Henderson as President for the ensuing year, said he felt much pleasure in knowing that the Society's choice had fallen upon Mr. Henderson, as he was eminently fitted for the position. He then vacated the chair in favour of his successor. The Rev. James HendebsON, the President elect, said lie could have wished that the choice had fallen upon one who could have better spared the time and attention so neces sary to the proper discharge of the im portant duties attached to the office, but he would do his utmost to prove that the charge had not been placed in unwilling hands. Thp past year had not been specially marked, but & time rolled on the necessity for the Evangelical Alliance was proved. The various members con nected with it were much encouraged and strengthened for their work after their meetings for praypr and discussion, and the Societysbould be supported by the community for the general good it did. The Rev. C. B. Stmes delivered an address upon " Sabbath Observance," urging that the Almighty had intended from the beginning that a seventh day should be set apart as one of rest. He knew His creatures needed a day of rest, when they could be especially susceptible of spin _ tier natures might be cultivated. - " The Sabbath was made fur man, j set man for the Sabbath," was the great principle, and he looked-upion the day as one cpnsecrated for man's highest nature—a day on which he oould devote himself to-the purest and best interests ofhis mind. Daring the week et heavily on men's hearts, and _ irefore to give rest to the weary, i^xed their bodily powers as well * {^endured much mental strain the .jg, most acceptable when it gave oyment and higher thoughts. The Idea of -rest, from toil was one of the most prominent in connection with the Sabbath, but it was not the onlyidea. It was a day when man, uninfluenced by the worldly anxieties of the week, could- hold special converse with his Creator, and unite with his family in doing honour to Him who had made life so pleasant and the earth so beautiful. The Sabbath had been eompared by one writer to " the best room in the house"—the room where all the ehoioest household treasures were preserved. As one would keep out of the best room in the house anything that would tend to defile h, so should one' be solicitous to keep out of the sweet Sabbath all that might mar its purity and the innocent pleasures attached to its observance. . Children should be taught to look upon the Lord's Day as one of unalloyed pleasure and sweet family inter oonrse. It should be made a source of pure joy, and not a day of mere abstinence from week-day employments. He was much pleased with Hie kind of literature now generally plaeed before children on the Sabbath. It was £uoh as would interest their minis and make them look forward with pleasure to the occasion for reading such writings. Where works of fiction were used te convey Christian truths, it was, he thought, as right to use them on the Lord's day as it was to use the Lord's parables. Then, the recrea tions of the Sabbath should not be such as were confined to one class. It must be borne in nund that there were many persons whose employment prevented their being able er a week-day to breathe the fresh air of the fielde and see God's glorious handiwork. ' He rejoioed - to think that man was not a mere moneyrmaking' machine, and that the curtail ment of the hoars of labour enabled most men to indulge in harmless outdoor recrea tions on ail days of the week. Nature, the enjoyment of fresh air, and the opportunity of seeing and expatiating upon the divine wisdom of Him who painted the beautiful many- tinted flower, and peopled earth and air with forms of beauty and interest, would greatly help toward the cultivation of the higher nature if the principles of Sabbath observance were properly honoured. He did not think that travelling on the Lord's Day should be altogether condemned, as there were certain classes of the \- community debarred from that exercise on week days so necessary to their well being, and many were of necessity compelled to . travel on Sundays. But he objected to an indiscriminate use of the privilege. The Glenelg Railway was ! laying itself out for excursions on the Lord's Day. ■ There should be some convenience for ; people on that day to travel' if tbey required it, but where trains were running every hour on the, Sabbath Day very grave apprehensions were excited in his mind as to the harm which must result from such ; a course. (Hear, hear.) He knew it was very hard to set a restraint upon the people, but if the principles of Sabbath observance were practised there would be more real enjoyment, and much good would result. He advocated friendly interchange of thought on Sunday/ but he . would not wish to see that day made one for regular visiting. When friends came from a distance it was a duty to welcome them, and join irith them in the exercises of the day; but those excercises should not be set aside and neglected for the sake of general visiting. The Lord'B Day should be a day of rejoicing, and a season for cultivating the better .principles of our nature, and be hoped to see aU men so observe it. The Rev. P. Ma.CLa.BEN gave an address upon .the recent revival in Edinburgh, ex patiating upon the remarkable evidences of Almighty power therein displayed; and he said some^of the most wretched, apathetic, and sceptical members of the community were so influenced that they forsook their former courses and joined in proclaiming the power of the Gospel. So extensive did the movement become that the large churches of Edinburgh, holding - many, hundreds, were overcrowded, and immense pubno buildings, such as the Corn Exchange were filled to overflowing by earnest listeners. He alluded to individual cases where the earnestness. and zeal of converts resulted in many other persons being induced te listen to the truths which had proved their salvation. Those things he frit testified that the Almighty was answering prayer, and he longed to see the work pro gressing in this country. He gave a short sketch of the prominent part taken in the revivals by Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and the extent of its operations in America and else where. ' The following appointments were made for the ens tun ir year :—President, Rev. James HendeESon;'Secretary, Rev. John McEwin; Trea surer, Mr. G. W. Cotton; Committee, Revs. J. Bickford, W. L. Binks, F, W. Cox, J. Davidson, J. Goodwin, James Jefferis, O. Lake, Thomas \- Lloyd, S. Mead, P. Mael&ren;, J. L. Parsons, G. W. Patchell, C. B. Symes, and W. P. Wells, and Messrs. W. C. Bulk, J. Colton, J. Darling, A. Gore, J. D. Hill, G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W.' Harris, 8. McGregor, J. Smith, W. Rhodes, James Steele, James Soott, S. Whitmore, and 3L 8. Wigg, with power to add to their number. The meetipg closed with the doxology. 