MR. rAlItCLOUGH'S RECITALS. A large ttnd fashionable audience, invading His Excellency the Governor and suite, occupiei the ch.-jrs at White's Booms to greet this gifted actor on Wednesday evening, when he made his first appearance as a public reader. From his entrance to his final exit the applause was loud and continuous; indeed at times it was enthusiastic, and Mr. Fairclough was oompelled to come again before the footlights and bow his acknowledgments. The first four pieces on the programme were Well-known - selections from favourite Shakspetian tragedies, in which the gentleman has lately appeared at the Boyal. Despite the disadvantages under which the performer labours when presenting isolated passages from a long drama, disentegration of \- plot, and- ^consequent want of -explanatory context, absenee of scenery, costume, and stage effect, yet, as was -conclusively proved last evening, it is only necessary.tbat he should be a true and thorough artist, and' these disadvantages entirely disappear—and we almost question whether in an aesthetic sense an improvement is sot actually effected by leaving all surroundings to th e "unaided imagination of the onlookers, The attention is-not distracted by "trivial accessories,_ which to some extent only tend to materialize 'the poetry of -the conception* The -first piece was Othello's Address to the Senate." This Mr. Fairclough gave in the quiet, dignified manner which we have already favourably notioed in the critique en " Othello."- Then followed the dagger soliloquy from "Macbeth," in which Mr. Fairclough's -great mobility of feature stands him in good stead. The struggle. in the ambitious regicide between his mental cowardice and physical boldness was displayed with a master^ hand; the .passion 5Rsuno§tintenee, but carefully restramed __ from , "overstepping- fcho „modesty of nature.'' m ---—, — The femouBmonologue, " To he or not to be," "womd.no doubt, from the originality of itsrendi- seen' Mr. _ = posture, the low, even tone-of voice, with but slight inflection, wereall new* When, however, it is considered that a man sadly communing with himself would not be likely to attitudinize or use elocutionary effect, but that his thoughts would rather race rapidly through his mind, and, if expressed at all, would be spoken in a low voice and with an' even intonation, it' must be conceded that there is a strong air of reality in Mr. Fairclough's reading. The closet scene was admirably managed. In a few clear stage directions, Mr. Fairclough put plainly before the audience the action of the drama at the opening of the scene. He then assumed the characters ofFolonius, the Queen, the Ghost, and Hamlet, and, though Mt. Fairclough's -Voice does no'; permit of a great diversity of tone, he kept the various dramatis pertonce tolerably distinct, and -when in his own part of the Prince he quite carried his hearers by storm by his superb' acting ^and faultless elocution. The second part of the bill consisted of readings from Byron, Macaulay, Hood, "Poe, and Tennyson. Of these, decidedly the gem for effects was JPoe's sombre poem "The Haven." Though this piece_ hafc. been.. done to tattess at. Young Men's Societies and public readingsior years, it came with a freshness from the lips of the reader last night.that renewed its. firsf interest, and brought out as is seldom done the shadowy allegory which it contains. The next in point of excellence was Hood's pathetic' "Bridge of Sighs." -Into this Mr. Fairclough inftised a tonaof feiichexquisite ^sympathetic tenderness as tp -oring tears to the eyes of many ..present. The.other readings given were Byron's "Night before Waterloo," Macaulay's " Battle oflvry," "Saul's address to his Chiefs" by Byron, the "Fall of Sennacherib" by the same author, and Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade." There wasa flight hitch in one piece owing to a lapse of memory on the part of the reeiter, and also one -or two little inaccuracies in the yerses; but as we believe the getting up of the entertainment has : been rather hurried, this is perhaps excusable, and frill no. doubt he rectified on the next night. A most enjoyable evening was spent by, all present,' and we think thsit a good house may with little doubt be anticipated for Friday.. Mr. E. S. Hall presided at the piano, and contributed a number of musical selections between the readings, 