CORRESPONDENCE. LAND TAX. I Sib,— The recent rejection of tho Land Act, land also tho extensive "dummying" in the Wimmera District, has I trust no« been an un mitigated evil. Ir has given occasion to cltquont declamation, to utterances of wisdom, and to various schemes for tho prevention of a r, j. occur rence or continuance of a state of matt eis which is so generally to bo deplored. Tho above ex- tensivo dummying (which I am sor -y to say is not the exception, but applies to n- ..Brly all tho districts in this colony) is a fresh t Evidence that our present laud laws, nuder v hich such an abuse has been possilfle, does not meet our necessities. But it the result c, i the exposure should be the rousing of tbo le to require a reasonable amount of hones v fa y ;e administra tion of tbe public cstato, rj,j an , Effective cheek on similar nefarious ph'.nderings a great 8. will bo accomplished. From our ' past abortive attempts to reframa a satisfactor r land law it would appear as if the difficulties wi re all but in surmountable, and that the mak in" of land laws there was to be no end. The r «amt- object in my opinion to be kept in view f 1 to me to be the following;— 1st. The econ micaT ri 'etribution i ,oE :tbe publio lands. 2nd. The promotion of t settlement on the lands of the colony. 3rd. The 1 prevention of " dummying " and the unprofitable "'/occupation of tho land. And lastly, the pro- / ' vision of a permanent revenue. In view of the I 'first of these objects the present arrangements as .// to upset price and periods of payment may bo considered fairly equitable and effective. The most direct means ot obtaining the second object ' . /would undoubtedly be free selection all over tbo v colony, giving permission to select 640 acres, and ' ' by allowing that quantity you would cncourago J ' .both sheep and stock farming, in addition to grain. The third object has hitherto baffled all our legislative skill. Wo have hampered our land laws with restrictions and conditions irrita- ' ting and obstructive to tho bona fide selector, / , and utterly ineffective in obtaining thoir oaten- '/ i niblo object of securing tho occupation and ; // . improvement of the land. The rogues have i" :jb$en .more than a match for our senators. ' .. .While none will deny that a largo amount . of '/ ' settlement has taken place under our present I/ -, land laws, who can say that tho amount might ; have been increased by tho absonco of obnoxious , and practically useless conditions and restric tions? It appears to me that tbo imposition of a moderate land tax offers a solution of the diffi- ' culty at once simple and thorough, while at the . . same time such a tax would be a permanent and ' ' ever increasing source of revenue. This last is on object which has in my opinion been too '// much overfookad by past legistators. Largo ' areas of land have been alienated, and a largo ;./' .. revenue has been obtained, but the source of . the revenue must in the nature of things, as the anuual payments are completed, supply a /' / gradually diminishing stream. We are in fact ' ' killing tho "goose that lays the golden egg," and as her constitution breaks up tho egg will become small by degrees and beautifully less, until the time she is ready to givo up the ghost it will not / bo worth gathering. Disappointed squatters and dummies, who hold without profitably using . immense areas of tho choicest lauds of the colony, will alone object to the tax, the reason being at ' once, clearly understood. The imposition of a moderate land tax per aero, on a graduated . scale, would be in my opinion no serious burden on the man who is really making use of the land. Such a tax to bo equitable, however, must bo (as I believe Mr. Woods M.L. A. advocated during the discussion on tho late unfortunate Land Act) an impost on the land as its name imports, and not a tax, on the asscssod value of the im provements, which besides being utterly objec tionable on tho score ' of tho difficulty of collection, would be an iniquitous tyranny /;. on the real workers of the soil, and ah audacious pandering to the selfishness of the classes who occupy without improving; under such an arrangement tho more tho man improved the moro he would be called upon to' contribute. ' . ; On the other hand there is every need and justi fication for making a distinction, as I believe Mr, Woods advocated for if. there were a graduated scale, say as follows : — 3d. an acre for every acre above 100 and under 640 acres, and then an in crease of say ono penny an aero for every 1000 j . acres held above that quantity until the tax amounted to 6d. per acre. Tbo squatters would V then think of the land tax before they employed dummies, and it would encourago a class (of settlers that wo havo been for years endeavoring / /toi secure, who would improve the land, and ' ' thereby cause us to hold our position as the \- premier colony, and it would likewise causo an ! '". increase of revenue to tho Customs, for it is'well- ! .known that a farmer generally gives employment to a dozen men whore the squatter would one. / With these remarks I bog to conclude, and the , only apology that I can offer for trespassing to ) such an extent on your valuablo space is tho ' rrreat imDortanco of tho subioct in mv oDinion. Major Plains, 19th January. FARMER. 