CHAHTER XLIII. THE CHAIN BROKEN. MR. FERRETT liad ensconced himself in the village inn, and had made himself not only very comfortable thereat, but had grown an immense favourite with the village popula- tion. The landlord delighted himself hugely in his company ; and the customers seeing that he stood beer all round without regard to ac- quaintanceship, cheered him continuously as the nights grew old, and they themselves were mellow with mine host's very best brown October. He was curiously fond of talking of Deve- reux Court, this strange visitor; and, it being a fruitful theme of comment just then, he heard of it to his fill, one would have thought ; but not one word did he let fall but that bore some reference, however remote, to the inmates of the great house. It was a very fruitful theme with thom this new, strange ghost story, that was being told over the parlour and taproom wood fires this autumn time. The speculations and opinions ; the arguments and assertions ; thc solemn asservations ; the doubts and fears of the village populatiou. All this was as meat and drink to Mr. Ferret, and rarely he drank in everything that was said on the subject, as he sat at the j head of the long table, rejoicing in the digni- fied elevation as chairman at the free-and-easy j ot his profession thatXoàctonWùld boast of «-«-that was admitted on ali bands ; but to do tue man justice, it was a notoriety he loathed -j~a fame of which he was not one «tom proud. ! In reality, he was a thoroughly genial^ gk>öd~natured man ? but having once/ entered iiiito the part he was playing, finding a great deal'of pleasant relaxation in his travels, heaving his pocket always well lined, he was sjow to enter upon any other course, much as he sometimes thought of doing so. j This must bo%aid of him, at least-he was a very faithful servant. Terrible, perfectly terrible and startling, was the way in which, with the aid of his old note-book, he could state a case. Not mere jotting down of inci- dent, but a butftrup hypothesis (which in nine cases out of ten, was the right one), upon which he worked, until, in most instances, his employer obtained just what he required. He had sent a formal note up to the great house, asking to be allowed to wander through the woods, and the steward had graciously acceded to his request, unnecessary though it was. Tom Baxter, the gamekeeper, had already invited him to a day's shooting ; had offered to make him free of the woods ; had pro- mised him a brace of partriges any time he liked to mention for coming to supper with him in his cottage by the wood-side ; and so Mr. Ferret had found, to his great content- ment, that his lines had fallen in pleasant places. He had a goodly heritage among these villagers and places. So, in his growing popularity and comfort- able quarters, we will leave him, and go back to Highgate and old John Wrackall. He has written te Blanche, as we have seen, bidding her to be sure that all will come right in the end ; that jost now, perhaps, things may look a little gloomy and dark, but by-^ and-by, there will be a rift in the cloud. She sees, as well as if it was penned in unmistakable characters, how little real hope, little actual safety, there is in her position ; but this old man, had indited the letter, and written with it with deep thought in every line, he fauces that the gloom and doubt over- shadowing him has been removed ere yet he put down the words that were so pregnant of importance, so warning for the future of Blanche Devereux's life. He had been to Doctor Cranium's day after day, always meeting the same smooth face, the same bland smile, the same bland smile, the same honied words. Only there was a change, a wonderful change, a wonder- ful change in the doctor's conversation-a marvellous difference between the Doctor Cranium of a few days- ago and the cold, cautious, medicaid man of to-day. For he had been too sauve, too clever, this gentle- man inquisitor. He had asked little questsons, hinted a few inquiries to this humble old gardener, this low-speaking, respectable man, growing bolder and bolder as John Wrackall seemed more and more overwhelmed with the waves of troublous affliction. But he had over-reached himself, notwithstanding. This humble old man never for one moment lost the instinct of preservation for his dar- ling Miss Blanche; even in his silent mo- ments, wandering under the green trees, many a mile oat of town. John Wrackall weighed this Mr. Cranium in the balances, and found him wanting ; and, having done this, having lost confidence in him, the gardener's views were changed, his future course determined on, ere he left Lon- don for Devereux Court. There had been rather a cold interview be- tween John Wrackall and Doctor Cranium the old gardener very stern and dignified, the doctor warmer and more passionate than was his wont. He had plied John Wrackall with subtle questions ; had tried to get him to drink.that old port wino ; had suggested at first, then asked him leading questions, till the old man had risen in stern dignity and rebuke. ' Hark ye, Doctor Cranium,' he said, at last, rising, and leaning his hand upon his stick, ' ye've been paid for the care of my nephew all these years, haven't ye ? If ye were not paid enough, if you have any other terms ye want, I'll pay them to ye ; but let mc and my affairs alone. Ye speak little of yours, or those under your charge ; now, drop your supposing this, and that, and the other, and answer me a plain question, such as befits your position, to say yea or nay to : have ye heard aught of my nephew, or have yu not ? That's the question that concerns me most, and the only subject upon which I care to talk to ye., ' Mr. Wrackall,' returns the doctor, ' I am indeed surprised-I am might almost add, shocked ! Is it for this that all these weary years I have kept a home for that unfortu- nate gentleman, of which you seem to have had tho charge ! Fie, sir, ûo Î I am glad I sidered-' . ¡ John Wrackaîl interrupts him hece, ' I want none of yere fine speech, doctor--* not I ; I want only my straightforward quos- -t tion replied to: have yo heard aught I my nephew since his escape, or do ye give it * all up as a bad job ?-that is just my question, and 1 only want an answer.' 1 Of y our nephew, Mr. Wrackall, we knew at present simply nothing ; we may or may not. in the future ; but you may rest well assured' of this-that any patient under our care will be always sharply looked after. I am sorry, you have thought fit to grow warm on the subject, very sorry : but no matter. Goodr day, sir-good day ! If we hear any tidings of your-ah, yes, your nephew!-we will telegraph to you without delay ! Good day!' Then, with'a great heaviness of heart, a wonderful distrust of all mankind, the old gardener leaves the gate of the Sanatorium, and walks down the hill. He takes off his hat*with that old, weary gesture. " ' I'm but afeard of one thing,' he mur- murs, mistrustfully ; 4 and that is, that he may find his way down there. And if he does, then-ah, well. I must wait and hope as I have done all these long, weary years ; wait and hope, though it is so hard-so hard !' He sits down on a rustic seat here, and tries to realize his position-essays to grasp the thread that is so slight-so constantly slip- ping from his fingers. Very sad and worn looks the old man-very dim and trembling is his voice, as he speaks thus to himself. ' I distrast that man,' he murmurs, point- ing with a little movement of his finger to the house on the hill : ' he means us all no good, in his soft speech, and oily ways. Nay-nay ; it's not from him we must hope much. I-I must take the watching for him, and foil "his purpose, if any he has, though I am growing Old and weak.' He rises at this, a new fire in his eye-a new warm feeling in his blood, that goads on to action. So, with tlic new-born thought cómes new resolve, and he starts quickly, after"' one more look, half-doubt, half-fear, at the shining windows and grôen-leafed foilage,* that make the Sanatorium conspicuous even from this distance. He pays his modest bill at the old-fashioned hostelry -at the bottom of the hill, where he has won go Iden Opinions by his unostentatious gentleness-his quiet, grateful demeanour, ' A good old man, husband-one of the rare old sort that are getting scarcer year by year,' said the landlady to her husband ; and Boniface, peeping through the curtained win- dow of the bar-parlour, endorsed the opinion of his wife with great alacrity and good will. So, with a hearty handshake and good-bye from the worthy couple, the oldman, with his bundle in his hand, prepares for going home to meet his mistress. With a great load at his honest heart-a great dread and horror slowly overpowering and taking possession of him-he goes his way to be the link in the chain that is to have so great influence upon Blanche Deveréux's future life. It is dusk ere he arrives at the park lead- ing to the house, and the twilight begins to throw great shadows from the half-bare trees. It is so strange to him, so bitter, to be walk- ing on the spongy turf, inhaling the fragrant scent of the dead oak leaves-to. see every- thing so calm, and quiet, and peaceful around him, and yet in his heart so great a sorrow so mighty a grief ! He had grown to know every bush-every bit of greenery in the woodland; and, as if in sad mockery, they seem to welcome him home again. And he, unsuccessful in his errand, bringing news of sorrow, instead pf tidings of groat joy. He has been thinking vaguely of it all the time he has slowly passed along the well known path ; but as the house comes in sight, and realizes, perhaps for the first time, the position in which he is placed-when he thinks of his dear Miss Blanche and her youthful love-dread-something, some revela- tion of the future, flashes across his mÜfiT, and he stops, with a wondering look on his : face, and sitting down on a rustic seat, muses I upon the task he has undertaken ; the half , thoughtless, half-happy unconsciousness of the mistress of these noble woods and glades, and for a little, perhaps, feels almost disloyal to his queen. But tlÜ6 rebellous feeling does not last long. With a light on the hard, stern face, that is almost beautiful in its truthful in- tegrity, its brave self-abucgation, he rises once again to pursue his journey. With a quiet smile, and a peaceful hope at his heart, he nears his cottage, aud taking out the key, blows down it, as was bis wont in times gone by. And with thc keen, shrill blast that echoed through the stjll woods came lig;hv Hprn Common. This was ' afterwards ? dis »»verèd to be illegal, and had to be cancelled, ¡phe Windsor Election on proper enquiry may ||^ held to be illegal also. We wonder at ipme of the gentlemen chosen, for whom we ||ave some respect acting in the Trusteeship, Rhen they know the way in which the *lec jtion was carried out ; by a mere handful of people collected out of the streets. 