ITALIAN OPERA.—" I LOMBARDL" There was a good though not a full attendance at the 'I beatre Royal on Friday night to witness tbe performance of this optra seria. Tbe cast was as follows:—Oronte, a Saracen Prince, Signor KoMiati; Pagauo aiid Arviuo, sons of ?olio, Prince of Rhodes, Signori Dondi and Taveila; Firro, armour-bearer to Arvino, S'gnor Tournerie; Magit-trato, Signor Favas; Sofia, mother to Oronte, Miss Bateson; Vioiindo, wife of Arvino, Signora Touruerie; Giselda, daughter of Arvino, Signora Zenoni-Uamboa. The performat ;Ces were so good and the music is so spirit-stirring as to induce a feeling of surprise that this opera should have been kept so long in - the shade. It seems, however, to be tbe policy of the impressario to reserve the choicest gems in his cabinet till the last. ** 1 Lombardl" was composed by Verdi about the year 1840. He bad studied diligently under Lavigna for several years, but did not venture the publication of bi- own productions tall about 18S9, he being then 25 years old. "I Lotnbardi" proouced a strong impression throughout Italy at the time of its first performance in that land of song, though it has since then been rather severely criticised by the admirers of the German school as deficient in depth and in the harmonious interfusion of its parts. A great deal of its popularity, no doubt, results from its romantic character. Its melodies also are admirable specimens of the florid style for which tbe Italians are so famous, though they are not so extremely elaborate as those of some of Verdi's later operas. Tbe choruses, too, are decisive, animating, and even grand in their expressiveness. "I Lombard! "has also been orchestrated with a view to instrumental effects. The introduction is an andante movement in the minor key, but during the progress of the opera there are many instrumental elegancies, which, like the flowers of a bouquet; are all beautiful, though they all differ greatly from each other. tiignora Zenoni sang with all the expressive force for which she is so much admired. Her rendering of the sweet air *' Santo Marie" in tbe first act was very fine; and from this point to the fell of the curtain her efforts were a succession of triumphs. Signor Rosnati's robust tenor rang out gloriously in tbe scenes in which. he appeared. His conception of the character was evidently the result of careful study. We think, however, that be made one mistake. The third act oloses with the death of the Saracen Prince, and at the commencement of the fourth Giselda in a vision hears his spirit inspiring her with feelings of hope and peace. In rendering this air the Signor might surely be supposed to sing in a subdued style, whereas he gave it with force and vigour enough to rouse from sleep half a dozen Giseldas. Perhaps we are wrong in our judgment, but we could not help thinking at the time that the I ideal beauty of the scene would have been greatly heightened by rendering the song sotto toce. Signori Dondi and Taveila were both iu excellent voice. The former in particular made the Theatre ring again, especially in the more impassioned scenes, in which he awoke the echoes of applause, more perhaps by his vocal than his histrionic powers. We must not forget to mention that a very florid violin solo was performed by Mr. J. Hall iu the third act in a masterly style, and elicited a most imperative encore. The choruses were given with more than ordinary precision, and in one instance an encore was tbe result here also. The opera was well mounted. The most imposing scene was that in which the crusaders are seen entering the hermit's cavern. The least effective was that representing the interior of Oronte's barem. The former was almost resplendent; the latter plain as a Spanish cocina. Tbe curtain fell shortly before 11 o'clock. The principal vocalists were several times called to the footlights, and loaded with bouquets, " DON GIOVANNI." I This beautiful opera of Johaun Chrysostum | Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart will be performed : tonight. "Don Giovanni" was composed in 1787, and, on account of its sterling merits, it has retained its position on the lyric stage for nearly a century. It abounds in grand music, stirring incidents, and affords opportunity for the display of elegant costumes. There are only two acts, but it will be most likely subdivide 1. Act I. opens with a view of the palace of the Commandant of the Order of the Knights of Malta, in the Spanish town of Seville, in front of which is waiting Leporello, the retainer of Don Giovanni, a young noble whose habits and tastes are not calculated to ensure his canonization, and who has ventured into the palace to abduct Donna Anna, daughter of the Commandant. Donna Anna, who is not one of the ethereal prote ^ L T i ^ < : tlon I 168 vocal organs at screaming point, rushes out to punish the impudence of the improperly amorous Don, and her father, hearing more noise than is customary in a well-ordered household, disco< vering the cause, issues forth to chastise Don Giovanni, but is killed by him. Don Giovanni escapes, and meeting Elvira—a lady of Burgos, whom he has deserted—not recognising her, makes advances, but. discovers her to be his wife, with less manifestation of gratified surprise than a husband ought to exhibit. He then falls in with Zerlina, a fair peasant girl, whose affections are already set on the flood-tide of love in the direction of Masetto, another peasant. He invites them tohispalace, and leaving Masetto to the dubious guardianship of Leporello, makes furious love to Zerlina; but is interrupted in his amorous outpourings of eloquence by Elvira, whoexposes him as the false, licentious, ignoble grandee that he is. Elvira then departs; but encountering Donna Anna and Don Octavio, her adorer again confronts her perfidious spouse, and redenounces him; but he most unhusbandlike asserts that she is insane. Anna, however, sees in him tbe murderer of ber sire, and appeals to Octavio for vengeance; but the Don, with that good luck which is necessary to the success of a romance, escapes, and at a subsequent feast and masquerade held in his palace accuses his too faithful factotum, Leporello, of insulting Zerlina, who is heard screaming, the Don, however, being the offender. A thunderstorm breaks iu upon the scene,' and the maskers, with Elvira, Anna, and Octavio, doff their disguises and call down vengeance upon Giovanni. Act IL Poor Leporello here gets involved in a mess, his master having induced him to change clothes and appear as Elvira's hypocritically repentant husband, the real worser balf being engaged in an intrigue with her waiting maid. Giovanni, in the character of Leporello. falls in with Masetto, and getting his firearms from him gives him a tremendous thrashing. Leporello, tbe pseudo Don, falls" in the way of Zerlina Anna, and Octavio, who proceed to chastise him but find out the deception in time to reserve the castigation for he who really earned it. Giovanni deceives Leporello's wife, who, when she finds out that the person in the valet's dress is not her husband, makes such a row as only a woman j can, and Giovanni escapes into a cemetery, i Loperello follows his master, who rather un- : gratefully pokes fun at him about the last escapade. A stoney equestrian statue of the j dead Commandant amongst the gravestones i here joins, unasked, the conversation, and in , appropriately grave tones tells Giovanni that : speedy vengeance will follow on his onmes. The j dauntless Don cheerfully accepts the intimation, and in bravado invites the statue to supper, the latter consenting to come, a ready acceptance which the Don did not bargain for. Supper is laid, and Elvira endeavours to bring her husband back from the error of his ways iu vain. She leaves him, and Loperello, alarmed by ber Ecreams, rushes out and meets the statue coming along in a very solid, solemn manner^ for a convivial guest. Giovanni welcomes him, but the stoney ghost refuses to eat, and invites his entertainer to sup with him. Giovanni takes his hand, gives no heed to the exhortations of his ghostly discomforter, and makes his exit through the floor amidst flames, and accompanied by a choice collection of demons from tbe nether world. NORTHERN PROSPECTS.—The Clare paper remarks:— 4 * The reports from the North concerning the wheat crop are most encouraging, and there is every prospect of a heavy yield. The fine leather has brought on the late crops, and I tbey are now nearly equal to the early sown. ! The only complaint is about the ecarcityof farm hands, and a lengthy harvest is anticipated. Tha bay crop on the plains is now fit for the scythe and on several farms mowing is fairly commenced. The yield is considered good, and the average will be much higher than last season." 