FISHER'S GHOST. To tho Editor of the Empire. SIR,--Can you furnish me with answers to the following questions? Where can I get an authentic account of the appearance of Fisher's apparition? What judge tried the murder case, and who were the magistrates before whom the preliminary examinations were made? Where did the trial take place, and when? Your obedient servant, A READER. ["An authentic account" of what never happened will be rather difficult to find. The Fisher's ghost story is a remarkable in- stance of the tenacity with which supersti- tious and credulous people continue to cling to a belief in lies, even long after they have been exposed and refuted. It is true that a man named Fisher was murdered at Camp- belltown, and that the man who murdered him was convicted and hanged in Sydney. This was in 1832, and the report of the trial will be found in the Sydney Gazette for that year. There is not of course a syllable about a ghost in the "authentic account" of the case. That part of the story was not invented until six or seven years afterwards, and first made its appearance in the Austra- lian Magazine--a little monthly publication issued, if we remember rightly, in 1838. In this ingeniously contrived fiction, founded upon facts, the ghost part of the story is so artfully interwoven with the real names, dates, and circumstances that many people who ought to have known better received the whole account as truth. The story created some sensation at the time, and no doubt answered the purpose of the writer in bringing his magazine into notice. Some two or three years afterwards (in 1841) this story, having been copied into other pub- lications and widely circulated, gave rise to a lengthened series of discussions on the subjects of ghosts in a debating class at the Sydney school of arts. The believers in ghosts were many, and would in all proba- bility--in consequence of the wide-spread belief in the reality of Fisher's ghost--have carried the vote by mere weight of numbers against their more sensible opponents, but for one circumstance. The writer of the ghost story had given the name of the person who saw the ghost (a respectable resident of Campbelltown), and through whose instru- mentality the murderer had been brought to justice. This gentleman, on seeing his name in the papers in connection with so absurd a matter in the reports of the ghost debates at the school of arts, immediately wrote to the Herald, giving a statement of the real facts, and indlignantly exposing the falsehood of the ghost part of the story, which, he said, had not a shadow of foundation in fact, and re- specting which nothing had been heard at the time of the discovery of the murder, nor for years afterwards. The letter to which we refer will be found in the files of the Herald for the year 1841--we forget the exact date. In giving this somewhat lengthy statement, we have not the slightest expectation of being able to convince silly and credulous people that the Fisher's ghost story is untrue--for the exposure has been several times made without effect--but as illustrating the remark- able vitality of lying statement when they appeal to the superstitious feelings of ignorant people.--ED.] 