TELEGRAPHIC NEWS, Adelaide. Thursday, December 12, 6 p.m. The English Mail arrived this morning, bringing Mr. Barr Smith, witli his wife and family : Mr. George Main of the firm of Acraman, Main, & Co.; and Mr. John Murray. son of the Honorable A. B. Murray. Lady Dilke's corpse has been cremated at Dresden. ANNIVERSARY.—The public tea in connection with the anniversary of the East Moonta Wesleyan Church was held on Monday afternoon, and taking into account the prevailing sickness, and the heat of the weather on that day, the attendance was as large as could have been expected. In the evening a public meeting took place, presided over by Mr. J. Jolly, sen. The financial report, which was read by Mr. Phillips, the Treasurer, showed that the debt on the chapel was £130 and that there had been paid off about £20 during the year. The meeting was addressed by the REvs. R. S. Casely and R. Campbell and by Mr. Anthony. The question of enlarging the chapel was postponed for the present, in eons2quence of the sickness of the ; people, and the subject will probably be taken into considerationabout three months The usual votes of thanks were spoken to by Messrs. Dennis, Anthony, and Pascoe,special reference being made to the choir—conducted by Mr. H. Jolly—for their efficient services. HONEST AND MAGANIMOUS.— A deputation, members of the University Association waited on the Hon. T. Elder on Tuesday to present an address of thanks for his gift of £20,000 to the University. A beautifully engrossed address was read by the Bishop of Adelaide and presented by him to Mr. Elder, who in replying, said that the honor of initiating the Univesri;y belonged to Captain Hughes and he Mr. Elder, was merely imitating his example. "To tell you the truth," said Mr. Elder "I don't think much credit is due to either of us for a simple act of duty. Seeing that we have made our money in the colony I consider wc are bound iu common gratitude to devote a portion of it to objects of public utility and public benefit in this our adopted country." It is a pity that there not more wealthy men in the colony of the same way of thinking as Mr. Elder. MOONTA BAY REGATTA.— A well attended Committee Meeting of the above, took place on Monday evening, when the rules were passed aud other business was done. The Secretary reported having received a donation of £5 from the Moonta Mines Directors, which news was received with applause. It was decided the Secretary should collect the subscriptions as soon as possible, and that the slae of Booths take place at Hartigan's on Wednesday next. Mr. WoodroflEe kindly consented to act as starter, and was present at the meeting, occupying the chair. TRANSIT OF VENUS.—T he weather on Wednesday was not so favorable as could be desired for witnessing the transit. At the time of ingress the sky was overspread with clouds, and it was only at intervals that a peep could be obtained of the sun. Later on in the day the clouds dispersed, and at the period of egress of the planet, as well as for some time previously, an uninterrupted view of the phenomenon was obtainable. THE LANTERN of last week appears in an enlarged form accompanied with a cleverly illustrated almanac and a cartoon, the latterr representing the candidates for the city mayoralty as characters in pantomine. As a publiccation it appears to be taking a firstclass position in the colony. THE EMIGRATION LECTURESHIP.—This situation is eagerly sought after, upwards of forty applications having already been received by the Government. A SEA MONSTER.—A swordfish measuring seventeen feet has been captured' in the Brisbane River, Queensland. CHEAP FRUIT.—In Geelong cherries are selling wholesale at from a farthing to a halfpenny a pound, and strawberries at three* (halfpence to threepence. STEPS are being taken at North Adelaide to secure a general cemetery for that portion of the city. STRIKING OIL IN NEW ZEALAND.—The Boundy Bay petroleum company has struck oil at 17 feet from the surface. THE net proceeds of the bazaar held last week at Eiverton, in aid of the new Institute, amounted to between £150 and £160. ; A NEW Institute has been opened at ' Eiverton. The proceeds of an inaugural bazaar and concert amounted to about £100. FATAL ACCIDENT.—A Brisbane telegram states that on Monday the Townsville coach was upset near Milchester, and Mr. Whitehead, Manager of the National Bank in Queensland, was k'lled. SPIRITUALISM, it is said, has gained an im- ! mense impetus by the recent conference in London. The latest novel to is the ghost of a departed missionary who preaches, as ho says, sermons calculated to correct the errors of his teaching in. the flesh. TIIE HOME MARKETS.—A London telegram dated December 3 states that there has been a relapse in copper owing to money beinj dear and T'VZ large lai charters. l TZ UW1U A Chilian -r " 1UI^V is worth £8G. but there L-e are no sales of Australian reported. AN ACCEPTABLE TESTIMONIAL.—At the Richmond Church of Ensrland old Grammar School Victoria the bovs' have presented the Rev. Dr. J. E. Bromby, the Principal, with ,. 1 tr-«iimfmi!il. testimonial, fvmsist.ma- consisting of 3so 350 smmmn soverigns. mi on brenldng-up day. EMIGRATION FROM VICTORIA.—A Bal- larat paper states that a gentleman resident n Ballarat has written to the New Zealand 'government, asking what terms they would •live 5.090 emigrants from Victoria. If the replv is favourable the gentleman believes he will be able to muster the number easily," A NEW BITTER.—The South port correspondent of the Port Darwin paper, says that Mr. Carlton, the gingerbeer and cordial manufacturer, is making an exce'lent bitter from the quinine tree, and is doing a large trade in the article with some of the up- •oun^ry public houses of the Northern Territory. MEASLES IN CLARE.—This contagious disease says the local journal appears to have nearly exhausted itself in this locality, having visited almost every family. There are still a few cases, but not of a serious nature. The after effects of the disease have been felt severely by many children, and in some instances have proved fatal. HARVESTS PROSPECTS.—Reaping may be regarded as general on the areas and the plains, and the yield so far is very satisfactory. averaging even more than was anticipated. The crops in ihe hills will not turn out so well on account of too much wet and cold during the winter. They are also late and wi 1 not b? fit for the reaper ic r some weeks. Northern Argus/' A TELESCOPE is being constructed by Mr. Dobbie. the machinist, of Gawler Place, from description in the "English Mechanic." ; Great accuracy is required in the adjustment | of the various parts—the poli- hing of the ' speculum being a particularly puzzling prob- ; lem for a amateur. Doubles.? Mr. Dobbie will ! prove the truth of the adage'Where the re's i will there's a way.'—Comet. A CONVIVIAL PIPER.—It is said that at the annual jollification in Adelaide of Scotch men in honor of St. Andrew's Day, the proverbial Highland piper was in attendance, but much to the disgust of his brethren he declined to appear in his kilt costume, and still further to their disgust he became too con- vivial to play the pipes in such a stirring style as usual. SPARROWS IN VICTORIA.—The Sparrow Club recently formed at Williamstownfor the protection of gardens from the ravages of sparrows have decided to give a shilling a dozen for sparrows, and six-pence a. dozen for their eggs. By this means it is hoped to diminish the number of the feathered pest, who have greatly damaged the young fruit this season. NEW ZEALAND.—The exports xetu ns show a decrease during the past quarter owiner to a falling off in gold. It is anticipated that the Upp;_»r Thames District will be open for mining purposes in a few weeks. A large number of immigrants have arrived and nearly all obtained employment. The special settlement q estionis atti acting attention, and numbers of applications are being made under the Act, THE GOVERNOR OF FIJI.—A press tele gram announces that Sir A. II. Gor 'on, K.C. M.G., the late Governor of Mauritius, has been appointed Governor of Fiji. Sir Arthur Gordon, who is a son of the Ea rl of Aberdeen, was made Lieut-Governor of New Brunswick inl8(il;in li>'j!> h > assumed the Governorship of Trcnadad a idin 1S70 he was appointed Governor of Mauritius. BELFAST.—Owing to Mr. Ross the butcher having given up business in this town, 3000 individuals arc now dependent upon a single butcher, who-e rvsoa rr-os are inadequate to meet the demand. Consternation arecently prevailed there when it was found that jo nts for the Sunday's dinner where not to be had for love or money, and in consequence the poultry-yards had to be laid under contribution. A BIG SNAKE.—A very large snak? has beeu killed on the station of Mr. W. Day, at Rethanga, in Victoria. It was the terror of the neighbourhood for years, and none would venture to attack it. The carcase measured 8 feet 6 inches in length and about 20 inches around the belly. When thrown into the scales it kicked the bea 11 at 37 lb. It is intended to forwarded it to the Melbourne Museum. INTEMPERANCE.—"A painful shock was given to the community on Thursday," writes the Mount Gambier paper, in its i-sue of November 28\. -by the announcement that Mrs. R. Long, widow of the late Mr. R. Long, of the South Australian Hotel, had been found dead in her bed that morning. It appears Mrs. Long was in the habit of giving way occasionally to intemperate habits, and for some days "previous to her death had been drinking to excess. Living as she did, alon.7, it is probable she did not receive the attention she needed. This may have had some effect in bringing about her untimely death, but there is no doubt the primary cause was intemperance. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased died from the effects of poison—probably alcohol—accelerated by waut of proper attention. Holloway's Ointment and Pi'Is.—The Recent Changes of Temperature.—It is important that sacl: changes as lure recently taken place in the temperature of the atmosphere should not be treated with indifference. The put lie should be watchful of the effect s which they frequently have on the body. The skin and the nervous system suffer severely— erysipelas, rheumatism, colds, sore threats, and many other complaints, are frequently generated through the above causes. When symptoms show themselves, they should be promptly attended to. Holloway's Ointment and Piiteare wonderful remedies, and eradicate the above attack? immediately they appear. The Ointment should" hie rubbed into tbe parts afijeted, and the Pills taken accorditg to the printed directions. STOPPING A RUNAWAY HORSE.—According to a W; lt-;j'.;]„-j Chr »nifj{. the ljpsf. method of stopping a runaway horse is throttle hiiM. In reining -boltinsr of -a horse he sav t that it < o. ur- . to him tb.it. the animal coui ' not nr ; :'ar \v;tbo">. win*;. lv. put his har- - undov ; heh rseV ;hrotu. c:iu<_ v ht hold of his - .. Indp' so^ezedii ,:s ii ;htly as lie co Vhi a ad >.«? forhe stop* dalrr- tins:nrh . lir-hndsu'- sequentiy ;or(> -o sav* • ,-.!an with ;ue same resul. SHOCKING IF Tiio ji.- v -.amp lately occupied by prosp. ;or> ha.-- hi -n di: coveicd near the head - ' tbn I'vmer iiiver. Tb^remains of \vl1i1 no- - -h in-Is and feet— tfl^h-r found near the t<>- . ^ id the bodies of several aboriginals w: ,-i:: ^-dead near at hand. an, 5 j the^hlnj 1 the camp was attacked •*•*> shrii when the main body was<•? 've t buck: afterwards, when a3J I was qui( s : : iicy returned with addition;;! i strength a t murdered the party. That : they were eaten also is presumed by the discovery of ihe hands and feet of the victims. : Brisbane Telegraph." MADAME ANNA BISHOP.—The - Sydney Morning Herald/' .opeahing of Madame Anna Bisho -| fil, sfc con VTfc ^ her retam tQ j yvdniy. says :--The reappearance of I lady who has occasionally during the last I TVV;LLLT Y vears enchanted a Sydney audience lier voca1 ve l "- s tailed with great I eir.husiasm Madame Bishop s singing has e admiration of the w rid ; and 110thj »eeds to be added to the praise that hare i beo.n lavished upon her, further than that ! her voice in a re arkable degree retains its strength and purity; whilst _ _ as regards ! physique, the lapse of 'time seems~ to"°have i ln:Ki e but- little alteration. She still sings with all that vivacity and vigor and method which characterised her as a vocalist when she first came to the colony. AN AMUSING INCIDENT, savs the " Advertiser ac mrred in connection with oue of our City Banking establishments withiu the last day or two. A lady who had cashed a cheque and left the Bank, returned, and. addressing the teller in a tone that indicated some concern, said—I understand you do not admit a mistake in money paid if not discovered before the person receiving it leaves the Bank ?" The teller promptly rej p]i (! d. Certainly not f' then came the as- 1 tonishiiig rejoinder—" I thought so. but it ; does not matter. You gave a five-pounc pound note instead of a one-pound note, that's all." With that the lady politely b wed, and quitted the premises leaving the teller to make the highly gratifying discovery that he was just £4 short in his cash. THE VICTORIAN EDUCATION ACT.—The administration of the Education Act continues a source of perplexity and disappointment to its well wishers. The powers conferred by the compulsory clause have been impugned in a court of law, and the clause therefore remains virtually inoperative till the judges have put their interpretation upon it. And now the information comes that the Ballarat and Clunes boards of advice have put an untimely end to th-ar existence. The reason assigned for the act is that their advice had never been regarded by the department, and that the chief function which they were expected to perform, namely, the enforcement of the compulsory clause, had been practically abrogated by the determination of the Minister to appoint special officers for the work. It will be remembered that the act empowered the boards to tender advice to the Minister, b«fc it left it to his discretion to accept the advice or not. The provision was an awkward one, and it is easy to see that it contains the germs of all the di content and dissatisfaction which has since been maifested so unpleasantly. But at the same time it was indispensable that the public should have been given some guarantee that the act wouM be placed beyond the reach of sectarian influence, and this could only be done by throwing the entire responsibility of working it upon the department. Perhaps it would hare been as well if the boards had never been called into existence. Their chief duty was to enforce the compulsory clauses. Bat it is notorious that through the supineness of the department the compulsory clauses have been allowed to remain a dead letter. The duties were naturally distasteful to the boards, and they complained that, as Mr. Mackay would not have the rolls compiled for them, they could do nothing.—"Leader." THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.—From the report of the Northern Territory correspondent of the Advertiser it appears that the circumstances connected with introduction of Chinese Coolies were not manyjremoves in turpitude from the system under which the South Sea Islander was inveigled into Queenlaud, and which was so like slavery that the atrocities attending it arousedthe indignation of the civilized world and dictated its suppression by the British Government. The correspondent writes—"They (the Chinese) say that they were entrapped by plausible statements—that the country was salubrious cool, and populous; that provisions were cheap, with little to do ; and with this idea they engaged at eight dollars a month. Wheu the Cellestial victims arrived they found the country not exactly as it was represented, aud that if they indulged in 00iy one drink a day their wages would be absorbed in beer alone with dissipation." After stating that, at least twenty per cent, of the unfortunate wretches were suffering from a most objectionable disease to be imported into a young and warm country like the Northern Territory, the writer proceeds to say—"The question of the treatment of Chinese up the country is now undergoing investigation. O e was killed the other day coming down the road, and it is said that the Coolie was ill; that horse riding would under his constitutional circumstances have been extreme torture ; that he could not ride on horseback, but object as he would, he was forced upon a hoi-he at the Stapletou; that the animal being whipped up a liill, the Chinaman being un.iMe to ride, fell off, aud the horse rolled over him, producing such injuries, that the poor fel ow died a few hours after. This view of the case did not exactly appear at the inquest, but it was a Chinaman and the Jury were not particular. The inquest was something like that over Heimin^. Somebody swore there were blacks' tracks about, and the jury brought in a verdict of " murdered by the blacks." The natives have to bear the blame, but few suppose they perpetrated the crime. The Coolies came here crammed in a very small vessel; many of them had fever and scurvy when lauding, aud some through vexation and disappointment starved themselves to death. For three weeks after lauding one or two died every day. "Such revolting facts as these show that there are in the .Northern Territory persons who are a disgrace to humanity. Indirectly, the Government are responsible for all this deception and cruelty. The introduction of Coolies at the public expense to aid private enterprise -would under the most honest engagement have beeu perfectly unjustifiable, but the employment of Captain Douglass who waa himself interested in gold claims, and the inferential sanction given to the duplicity which was evidently practiced by him in obtaining the men was highly discreditable, and the scaudal of the transaction is increased by the manner in which the men were allowed to be treated after their arrival in the Territory , 