To the Editor of Iht Nettfutle Clinmie't. Sin— \v nen L repnea, in your issu,; ,-f tl,0 loth instant, to the letter of ' Aniicua SupiL.n. tin.-,' I thought I had to do with a man who was simply rash and inconsiderate in l,j3 allegations and -assumptions ; but I (;,, j by his letter in to-duj's issue, that I havo made a mistake. — that ho is not only reck less in his assertions, but lamentably ignorant ami maliciously dishonest. Ineteud of answer in;; the arKUtnentu of those who wrote in rralv Lo ins leuer, aim proving ineir slntemi'iits to be unfounded, he betakes himself to thu refuge of the defeated, when they happen to be disiinj,.. nuou.« — misrepresentation, and vituperation. If ihrs' (hruo letters arc 'a compound mass uf threadbare calumnies, barbarous ignorance, atul gross inconsistencies,' ho should have proved I hem to bo so, or, ttt least, have made an honest attempt. He says, '? It would occupy the greater part of your columns to (leal with uVin Heriiitim, so T. shall reply to them in tjlobo.' H» illicit have done this iu onu sentence, by ad mitting, as gracefully as he could, ttml iHiad rashly misrejiresented the so-called smilarM.t in striving to make it apj)car that they repudiate religions education ; and that, after liav'n»had his attention called to the slule of ciliic.(i'm ia the countries referred to, he felt constrained to confess I hat his Church had not been remarkably successful as an educator. He might hare dono this in one jmragraph ; but, should you |M-rniit him to occupy nil your columns for years to come, he would find himself utterly rnableto prove that secularists deny the necessity of re ligious education, and to show that the people in the Konian Catholic countries lo which allusion has been innde, are not, upon the whole, miser ably ignorant, and ignorant just in proportioa to tho predominance of this Chuich amouL'st them. It is impossible to believe that tho 'erudite' ' Amicus .Supienluo' is not aware of this The course which hu adopts shows that ho is per. fi.'clly couscious that be has no case. He leaves the question ut issue, and flies nivay to others utterly foreign. If, iu doing this, hu had \\-n. fined him- t-lf to his UJiial method of procedure verbose and reckless assertion — I, for one, would have pnssucl thu mutter as unworthy of notice but, when one so erudite ventures on misquoting nnd misrepresenting such men as Scotus, Lullier, and Dollinger, the public, which he seeks to mislead, must be apprised of his dishonesty. The first instance to which [ refer is simply a bit of pious fabrication, unless 'Amicus Sapi cntiie,' has been amongst tho spiritists, and lias had an interview with Scot us, for ' (he subtle doctor' departed thin life li)9 years before C'al viu win born. The serving up of this procions morsel, worthy of being engraved on tables of brass, ties fratras, &c;, required a smattering of erudition — but, ulus for the honesty ! The utterances attributed to Luther in (Mi letter are a tissue of garbled quotations ami un blushing fabrications. Even Dollinger is un scrupulously misrepresented. J-lis observations made iu relation to the sixteenth century— the period of transition from Piipnlisin to Protes tantism — are quoted in jiroufof tho assumption that the licformation /kis been unfavourable to learning. Let the present stale of tho counlric'3 in which it has prospered bear witness, 'i'hisis evidence which ennnot be tampered with. Look on this side, and then on that — at Germany and Spain. Our astute, and, it may be, e'rujile friend, turns his back on the modern nations, to the educational state of which his attention m called, ind asks us to go back with him, and cm template that age, 'so rich in intellectual great ness,' which gave birth to thu Keformati'in. I have no objection to do so ; but space will not permit me to make some quotations from the Catholic historians of thnt period, which would throw considerable light on the subject. The discovery of tho art of printing (jaVL' & wol''er- ful stimulus, at that time, to mental culture. The old clnssics, viz., Pagan litoruturc, soon be came the rage in Home, and the great cities of Italy. Leo, a man in somo respects very supe rior to the generality of Popes, patronised ham ing and philosophy of this kind, as well as the fine nrts, nnd the result was, that in a short tine the Koman Court became virtually l'agan ; It* Christianity was little moro than a name. 'One no longer passes,' says P. Anth. Bandino, ' for nn accomplished person who does not enter tain wrong views of Ohrisliunity.' How fearful the state of the Horaan Curia must harcb« when it is recorded by a Catholic historian, Hit Leo X. said to his secretary, Hembo, 'A''*'1 know well enough of what advantage this UWe about Christ has been to us and ours.'* JS'o wondor the great historian of Italy — per- haps, intellectually, the greatest man of that ace, said, ' We, Italians, are chiefly indebted to tin Church nnd tho priests for our having become i set of profane scoundrels.''t '? Such a spectacle' as tho court of Bomopf* sented then, of unblushing, blasphemous mode lity, has not been witnessed anywhere during IM last two centuries. ' Amicus Sapiential mil lind enough of this filth- in his own nest before tho Heformntion,- and can find none out any where that is notthe natural outcome of bis own C1IuC relation to 'Freewill,' Luther is again misquoted ad nauseam. Protestants are w|iwj sented as setting ' up fatalism ns a dogma, ana as ' proclaiming the uselessncss of good uoru. Does this writer (I do not say ' scribbler l.J ? Hove this-that Lutlier taught *«'*.«'«$ Protestants hold this ? If he docs, whatever I,, erudition maybe, his ignorance is very gw They beliove tho blessed Saviour, when lie saw, ''Without me vo cnu.do nothing; and (to ApostloPaul, when he says, ' By grace m. -p saved, through faith, and that not o yourself, it is the gift of f God ; not of works, lest any man should booast.' o „-,,.,., in Having quoted so much of holy S enrfuw u his first letter, I would fond y, hope t hat AmitM Sapiential' recognises its divine au I or. J -,w I would remind him, in relation to Hiese^ urn and all-important questions, thatt he con trov rj is not between him and men, but betncenliun firmly in the Divinity of Jesus, and ,lg. ?' ^ facf that ho has not deputed to earthly kin,™ the feeding of his larabs-tho ra.nin* up o U . .young for his service here,_ and heaven ««».' Tho duties which He requires, as Kmg« ' at the-hdndr - e»r'll-VaIer\i1en- wl ether earthly, and it is incumbent upon them, wi ie they 'recognise His claims or not, P '„. these secular duties as to Am, «'' £ bj glory: But, to go beyond, this, m « £ their taxing and governing power '»^dabe rl. of the spiritual' nnd-tho heavenly, noum bellion aaainst tho Lord Jesus. j w. , 1 call myself n «. Christmn, and ffl^t test against this ghost which some strive to ^ and tnen pretend to be fr.Rhteu?d_nt it purely secular system of education -^ ;„, that the State that presumes to -™°foni il3 spiritual education in any 'WfJLJttf tto province, and serves the ?urJ,^°' 'rid. fcord Jesus-but ortho God of his worm ' Iamgldd.lohearthat'OatUofl ia» mined to give their children a reiip' eJ. tion,' but sorry to find,, when the ? jn« t|li3_ plained, that the doterminationoonsiatsm ? _ t MachUvoUi-DlMertatlon. on the »'? Dec'' 'Llvy. 