j ITEMS OF NEWS. ; j The Seqretory. (Mr . j.. Hartley) oh the Hospital. Saturday. Fund, begs to .acknowledge wftfi thanks the receipt of cheques for, £8, .fromjiMr. Thomas. Elsbury, tr cnaurer of the ,New Caledonia Accident Fiind, aa a donation to the abovo fund £5 to' be given to, the: Jloapitalj ano.' pi DOuwecu t/ie Uoucvo- lpat Asylum and Ladies, '.,OpmnqittqB,.n .,,. , j The illustrated AustraUap.Nejvs,and;Austriuian, Skotcher for the cunent yriotttli have been received. These journala keep . up, . their, reputation for pro ducing first- class illustrations, of colonial scenery, andare in, every respect equal, to . the Illustuated, Jjidiiadi Hjswg. and., Giapjiio., , VviVno-.vj/ 1'. j we' are requested to'aiate tliat in.Jqhjusequence qf.tbe, inclemeiioy .of j thei weatber ,'tho Borough Band,.;cquld Dpt. perform; iBieir programme -. of. muBiouat) tlib.' BotaniaaL.GardeliSi: aa notified in. our, iasu'diot Saturday; but will-do soioo , Sunday riextj if. the weathhr Msif avo'urabloi : I There'is some talk iq';-iMalmsbury aboot the- speedy eatablisbmeht df d Woollon Fkotoi'y, to Ko' Workad by wkter-po'war' , obtaiubdj fro'm the' jaque'ducf; ; We',;Ob8terver;may' m the affair is ad far 'in riigrhsd1 that' ii site Hiis'.hoeisireo'ted' ' by the promoiers. on the south aide of, the Mai me- ' tiury .yiagupt, ajiff £he'ap'proval'of the Engineer, in-oliief ls oi'ily iiow required to permit tbe pre- , iiiuinry, atepe - baing , taken fo f orm :ar oompany, to oVrry .out tlio neQeasary,il()tail.a.! - / ; Writing , qti tiro,- North- western C.iua', the Bendigo . AdyertiBor;..remarka:h-(There: was;' i lirgo; meeting-on. Friday eveuing at St.; Jameses: Hall ! w lien th'o soboiiie - fan thre7 formation' of a opnai . from the'Goulburii Rivor'to1 Lake Hind:; biarahllW»d;8xlai'nhd; by the' eHgipeer,- MtfDo'dki- That gentleinan evidently capriod tle majorify o'f hie heareVf with hint, vilpd a( reffoln'tiqn affirm-. ijig'Thd '"desirability aiiJd ' pfaclicubility;' of j Urh ijoices. The Rev. Dr Backhaus, at considerable lbngth, opposed tho roaolution. TJio inain aruu- mentsf uaeff"fijiIiim. wore thii)t tliere. waa.not a aufficifinoydf waldr-ih'thp Ghulbuih to-feed ihe : banal, (that ev.eh"£.if'-fherS'S'<Jei it jtould be im possible toi irrigate -the. whole. of- the oouu'try i through 'viliioiV.it wbuiil, bo cia tried, and that ihe ! Parliament; Would' ue.ver.grant the.cbmpany the ilnmeiiaeE'epf of idnd domh.hdd' by ;wayj of quheidy. Wf.feary-woulcfi be ' fpuudFta:<.be''/thQ-'gr4iat''.Btum&liug;'1bl in ihe Way bf carrying .out kefihtefpfise,' Whiphj aa Dr BiohndfiUfaawilhr'mii'olteiihaiia, Wouldf if-'-pMsibt'o df; adaompiiBliment, be of iii- dstimabld 'ilalue to ilie dielriots immediately iliteredted'otld- ttr, the' Couhtfy; generally1, aifd <be worthiyoublo.andmveij trdble.the ampupt.pf the dstiinaied'austV ' Notwith'aiiifidibg. tbe'bbj'ea'tions ijaiseda. strong ihVreaBjpii fK'Whrabletp. .(he (soheine was iiiacfo on the meeting. Given that the supply of water will be sufficient, and that j 4 uew._,rivur " between two and, tliree . hundred ijiilos in' length can' be formed tbrpugli a natu- ;rally waterless-1 oodntry; 'thdrbwQUld W feeiW to 'be no doubt that a strenuous effort sKhh'id'be made to carry out so desirable an undertaking, i r?.!. f.'.V || J ' 5,?iiA wOrbiS'nlmfid Dfivje (lijsitho Bondigo Even- NjpwEft4l5l'iivi£h kcjiiuiimi'ia in his hut at Myer's Greek, and who wo"a-it- dnuiken and die- aoluto charaoter, it appeara, .woaTSundjleahSktfeS. Chinaman in the liiit at 11 o'clock on Friday night. > . A timepiece of a somewhat remarkable con- etruotion, aaya the Avdertiaer, haa reoently been fitted."up ih llfe wiudow of. Measrs.J. and. R. Osboru, iTtvaidhbtakbra dud.' jawelle'rd, of Bull- t treat. It/ haa; !en djals, niue. of .whioh are on . he faor, and one at the .back. By the front dialB, the timemf /day- io , different oapitale of the jworld ia 'shown., ' .Thus,, while fhe Sandhuniv time is givenr thp,difiereht dials. indicate at the same moment, the;, time in Loudon, New York, 'Brisbane/) Paris, Hong . Kong, ; St . Peteraburg, Sydney, and Berlin. This peculiar clock is cou- irolledffiy apendnlhrnj iD ihe formatiouofwhiohi |dilfefehi : metals ' are used, so that in heat or cold the; dorfebt;tihie, will al ways be 'kept, ;-! The blcc!:;:b a.reit OiiHoaity and well worthy of, in- hpeAjrah';/'|dolj4ddd.'ifi'<itiT'obadiiidnfiftibiiil.!dtfi' likehessek'.p .ihe'!th6narohe reiguipg .over. .the countvies,';tbe;time. pf .whioli it indl.cawd'. Bji ,the block. .r-.l; Y \ His Soiiotir' Ju'dke 'Fohlman on Friday de livered judgment, eaye'tbe Argus, in an applica tion made to hiar!-by. Mr G. .Hotne;' trustee of the . insolvent estate . of. iVlorria. and.M'Murray, wholesaie grooers,' for aii, order directing the Union" 'Bdnld td 4>cy him Ll75 ls'8a,' whioh' was ihe. amount in. the batik . to" '.t.h'a oreditjof.. the in-, iovera.iyhen'.tiiey failed, The Bppllca,tion' liad; beon.-rqaiated , by,:fKejbank ,qh the) ground, Jfiiai, I hey.' hadj:'qniy Li$ ip tbe.iif, bands, tq 'theprpatt.i if ; the inkolyenie. i. - Certain facta; were a.dmittea ly. both 'sides- at; the.heating,, from jwbioii it ap- leafed- tliat- before Motriaieud M'Murray failed; hey> hcc'ept'ed 'a bill ' of"Baryi Leeobs Jand!.Oo.,'i or L152 Is 8d. The baok discounted the bill; .lacing ititO 'tlie ucoount .o£.B;iiry,;LeBcb, and )o.,- Hiifi.lwlieu '.the insolvents faiied tbey (the lank) claimed .that they were entitled to deduct Ihe amount of- the bill, from, the sum to'j.hgofedit f the insolvents. His Honour, on ;Fridiiy; de-- oided that they iVere eU entitled, laudigave' judg ment in favour of the bank' i.-' 1 !i - ! At. ,lhe - fifty. . Eoliiciuif'i;. Sdndhurat',' Jon FriD'ay, 'aaya" the Adveriisef,' a manj iiamed, William. Besiyiok jWaa,, summoned, fprorbaHiDg the line, ft' appeared ; that -.the . iiian1 ,wjib very leisurely walking invfront , of: the- . train oomiog from Melbourne on tbe previouB.afternbony a's it waa travelling di the rdtc pf' thirty . miles iaii hoiir. and 'it Was (only after -the 'dtiver had- r'd- jieatedly sounded liis whistle. that thenlitn b'e- tame aware of hit ddfigefj'afid dilly'jUCt ib' timb to""!get bub- 'bf JtHD wdfi' ' Ths:,Bbucn 'finbd 'the man,, 5s , for trespassing, op the line,, and ..the Chairman ktfifed' that it wbiild he' as'Jwei.Fif' tfie bublic .were aware that spy' pile going pn "any portidn of the line was'bbmniittitig a treapaas, and was piiiiiabsble by law.: , It .appears that the other day a little girl miraculously .escaped being run over by the .train aa it Jvvke near the entrance to'lhe Saddhnrst atation. Ttie railway authorities have, we ledfh, given instructions to police officials on duty, at ..the miatipn to eummon ijs trespassers auy one' found on an'y portion of the line,- exoept where the orossings are plaoed for the publio convenience. ; Tbe latest discovery or theory about reefs is 'uroished by tbe Thames Advertistr, New Zea land. The theory of metamorphosis is uot new. We give tbe extract for what it is worth : — "A aingulur formatiou of quartz has been discovered in the Bright Smile mine, Thames, New Zea land. It is what is called new quartz, pr a new forinutioo of quartz, and such it undoubtedly appears to be ; but the growth of rquar z.rpefs is, no doubt, a new phase of, geology, to. many of our readers. Captain Goldsmith; however; states (hat in some of the older miues in) Sweden he haB observed-a naw. formation of reefs: in worked, put'gidunds — that is, observed that'the reef re- ;nened< itself, and this,' too, <in several1 instances'. This waa in mines which had been worked for hundreds of years. Mr-Hicks, manager of the City of L indbp,7obaerved: « similar phenome non in th'e'tiu mio'e's in. Corn wall, .where a lode forbded' itdelf as hard'abd solid as the first one in 'a drivb whioli had beeh .opened for buiy ten; years. 1 Taj ihe lstter instanoe the lbde, whicb , at first 'had been poor in .tin, beoamerich.io' ore, so that, some important ehemical changes must have occurred to produce, the effeot des cribed. ; However, the new quartz iii the Bright Smile teams to fully corroborate the theory .of Captain Goldsmith, if that can be oalled a t iisory ' whioh is mads a matter of fact by actual obser vation. The Biogular- feature is notioeable at the weBt side of the slide, where quartz in ail- ila gradation's apd formations can be seen, from the' white piilky ailioa, whioh eaiii be pressed into a pidity .pulp batw'een.'tlie 'fibgersj' th t'h'e 'welF' formed biuV qiiar|z. . Perhaps . a mpir.s (Hprough iuvestigatibn of the fbrmatibn pf .q'paft'z reefsj or rather, of. their growth, might helpqgepiogists dnd mineralogists in acoountiog for ihe existence of gold and other! minerals in. those lodes, and .might/perhaps, sssist in leading to' a: solution ' df the vexed question of how gold is deposited, 1 at all." - i"-' '" " »T : The Benffigo1' Advertiser says r— The .fdUbw- : ing B'dryj was related 'to'uo id Ffidt<y. as h'av'i.pg sio t ually ; .pcp'ijrf ed in. !the' .dUt'r'ibt V.du'ripg' ' the week'., Our'; informant aaya. thatho oan, raly .pti thaiperson from whom he reoejve4,tli6 .informs-, tion, but our readers.- oan,,. believe,: tha etpry qr otherwise as tiiey ohoos'e ; we aitoply give it as. .related. A g'entleman well-knowu' in' Sandhurst e'sa- dealor.in: furniture;-. whom-'we'- will -call Limb, at whose establishment many1 ah) article' Has' been' "'popped " by 'needy pe'iaons.-recently aold: a piano: tliat ' he' Had received ;ba a' pledgb |t|o' 'ah'.equ'ally w'ell;knbwn;:speculatbf;: w.hpffi 'tve wilt 'oali Smith.';' It,' so". bappened lhat withih a week; afteV tije'-pTano, had . heeh'disppjed df, Lsipb'i.dgparted. thifj life,' 'rather audienjy', .and! i wae'diily hjif ie'd'. ; 'mith'had had.the piano., re- -mpved, to, his, parlour, and, as a< mattor of courae, ;hadj ample op'pbrtui:.iiiei:ofi>j.udging as. to .-the oupabiliiiea ,o6 the instrumout.r, One inigh t re cently he had' rotirod to bed/ end was' wrapped 'in peaceful slumber, when, at about two o-olook in tho 'morning, he wassudddiily awaken'ed by loud aod c'oiitihued ' playing1 'dh'-' His'1 piano, Whioh lie had previously locked seourely.-': Not relishing' the! -idea of hie servant being) hp .at - tfiat hour, lie; indignantly ruslied downstairs for the purpoeo of repriinapding the supposed indi vidual/ vfhdn to' his' great terror "and amaza'l nient he oiiaerved, as he says) the ghost of his departed " unolb" tvalk direotly and firmly from th»,. piano , right through tbe froot door.) Being 'horribly frightened, he: lost no-time in retraoing 'his -Bteps' upstairs; and- hiding; -himself : in1 the ' bankeis.< His bolter half was7 not awakened by '"the first performance on the piano, whioh con- ''elBted of a seteotion from Handet'd " Messiah," but Smith had not loog been in bed before the 'elrnins were resumed, tbe seleoiioo tills time thing from Mozart's Gloria-— " The Twelfth Mass" — in whioh there are several deep and Banking notes: Smith heard all this; and alter mentally .abusing the piano; he resolutely took refuge irf therfrn(8)dfcirph6llis. . Hie wife wna awakeneff by_" (he ' mueio', "and iramediitely ecreamed out,Jadtt ' endeayqared (di-aro'uae: her hu8band;hut'Buaiii4eih'-io.b'e.aff' impossibility, and she herself- resolved- to gdaownataire and apesrtain the. aause of this uuusu'al muaioal en-1 tprtainment. On reaohing the room her' bewil- ' dorment was greater tbau that of Smith, she having observed the same identical , rann, nrid- under precisely the eatne oirqumstances., In a- frau'tio state of exoitoment site rushed, upBtairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him of whnt'she had seen. Smith says tliat ha remembered nothing after this beyond, the faot that his wife followed his example by '' turning in," lie having,- been .put iuto suob a' frenzy by the' manner in; wliioh liia, wife had related the oirouihatatices to' him. Next ifiprhing lie' deter- mi nod to get rid oftiieawfui itiatrumeuti .He auooee'dediin,, doing; bo, butpwhetl.iec.,tha eam.o perfpmpppejJijia/.beeh repeated at tKe hdnse cif ! the individual to whom he sold it or not, ho Is ' not in a potitloi to say. 