TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," "HENRY DUNBAR," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author, MISS BRADDON.] CHAPTER XXXV.—STRICKEN DOWN. ( Continued.) Sylvia was silent. She remembered her own discovery of Sir Aubrey's un- certain memory—that almost childish habit of repeating his speeches. Did death come thus in this slow decline of the faculties? Sir Aubrey Mas by no means an old man. It was not time for memory to grow dim—for sight to fail— for hearing to grow faint. "Let us go back to the house," said Lady Perriam. "If once Sir Aubrey gets the idea of dew into his head he will fidget himself till I am indoors." "You have reason to be proud of such thoughtfulness on his part," remarked Mr. Bain. "It's very kind—but rather tiresome," returned Sylvia, who was more candid with Mr. Bain in trifles than with other people—having that inward conviction that he could see through small artifices. She went back to the saloon before going up stairs to dress for dinner—went back dutifully, to see if her husband had any further need of her attendance. Though there had been still a. soft gray light: in the Italian garden, here in the saloon reigned deepest dusk. So much of the waning day was excluded by the ample draperies of those seven tall windows. The seven windows looked white and wan in the twilight, like seven tall ghosts. The fire, had burned low, and only shed its ruddy glow in the region of the hearth. Lady Perriam stood by the door look- ing in, Mr. Bain, standing just behind her. Sir Aubrey sat with his arm hanging loosely across the arm of the chair, his head lying back against the cushions, an open book at his feet. He had fallen asleep, no doubt. "I won't disturb, him," said Sylvia ! "Mr. Stimpson said rest was of great importance." "I think I'd better replenish the fire," suggested Mr. Bain. "It will go out directly if it isn't attended to." Mr. Bain knelt down, and put a couple of dry logs gently on the ashes. The dry wood began to sputter and crackle imme- diately. An ornamental brass screen, wide and tall, guarded the invalid from those flying sparks of burning wood. The recumbent figure never stirred. The agent, still on his knees, looked round at his employer. The dry log burst into a sudden blaze which lighted all the room, and shone full upon Sir Aubrey's face. One quick, startled look at that face, and the agent sprang to his feet, and pulled the bell rope. A bell rang in the distant offices with a loud shrill peal that sounded through the house. The agent bent over that motion- less figure, loosened the neck-cloth, raised the head, all quietly enough, Lady Perriam looking on all the while, with unutterable terror in her colorless face. She had rushed to the hearth when Mr. Bain rang the bell. "Do you think he is dead ?" she asked, in an awful whisper. "No, I can feel the beating of his heart. Send a messenger to Mr. Stimp- son on the fastest horse in the stables," continued Mr. Bain to the servant who appeared in answer to that loud summons. "If Mr. Stimpson is out, when he gets to Monkhampton, let him fetch, Dr. Car- dross—if he's out, let, him go on to Mr. Byfield. He must ride for his life, mind, and not lose a minute in getting off. And let another messenger—John Bates, he is a sharp fellow—go to Dr. Tapsall, of Hedingham. Sir Aubrey has an attack —I fear paralysis. Tell some one to fetch Chapelain." Chapelain, the valet, had heard that shrill peal of the hell, and was by his master's side before the other servant had left the room. There was no time lost, Mr. Bain and the valet laid Sir Aubrey on a sofa, in the most comfortable posi- tion they could place him in, and this done, there was little more to do than wait the coming of medical aid.'' Perriam Place stood midway between Monkhamp- ton and Hedingham. Either way the messenger would have three miles to ride, the doctor three miles to come. ; "There's no hope of""anybody being1 here under an hour," said Mr. Bain, who h!ad been wonderfully self-possessed throughout. * ] Lady Perriam sat like a statue, and was hardly less white.than.the. sculptor's yeinless marbled Her eyes!alone moved, and they kept wandering restlessly from yonder prostrate form upon the sofa to the anxious faces of the agent and the valet. : "Is there rany danger?" . she,;asked, always referring to that one, last, awful. hazard "of death... See'had wished her hjusband !dead, but" the wish had been but" a vague thought. She shrank appalled from the realization of that half-formed .desire. There is something peculiarly awful in a wicked wish being gratified almost as soon as it is .formed. . It is like the dread interposition of Satan, j " A first attack is rarely fatal," an swered Mr. Bain, as calmly as if he had been a physician of long practice. " There is every reason to hope that Sir Aubrey may be quite restored.in a few days. But it is rather alarming while it lasts." ; "Alarming?" echoed Lady Perriam,. " It is horrible. Is he quite insensible do you think ?" ; "lam not sure. He seems half asleep. I'm afraid this arm is paralysed. It hangs so helplessly." : ; : " And it is so cold," said the valet, who was on his knees by the sofa, chafing the lifeless hand.. . . . . _ „ _. : The dreary hours of waiting wore on, Sylvia sitting silent and unobtrusive, Mr. Bain and the valet doing what little they could, yet afraid ,to do much: lest they should do the wrong.thing. The ' ticking "of the clock on the chimney-piece had an awful sound in-that mournful stillness. The wood ashes fell lightly on the hearth. Sir'Aubrey's itroubled breating was pait£ fully- audible.; - * ' ----- ; • , i By-and-bjm, after half an hour's wait ing which had seemed half a "day to the watchers^. the'y3vere startled .■■•sbyi feebley: half articulate sounds. They came from J [ the pale lip3 of . Sir Aubrey, who was striving painfully for speech. : When he did speak,- after that laborious effort, his voice was dull and hollow.' So might Lazarus have spoken when he came out of the cavern at his Master's bidding. To Sylvia, those strange, tones sounded like the voice of the re-arisen dead. "Have I been asleep ?" asked Sir Aubrey, in imperfectly formed syllables, as if in awful mockery of the child's first efforts to shape the words he hear3 from others. " Yes, Sir Aubrey." " Yery long ?" : " For some time.'' The dim grey eyes looked wonderingly about. " Why, is it dark, already ? Why don't they light the lamps,?" " We thought this .'subdued light was better for you, Sir Aubrey." " Better for me ! I'm not an invalid— I don't mean to be an invalid any more,", mumbled the baronet, always ■with the same effort, the same uncertain articu lation. : They did their best to prevent his talking much or exciting himself; but, in. trying to raise - himself -presently, he discovered that one side of his body was powerless. "What is this?" he asked, more dis tinctly than he had. spoken before, as if an awful fear gave force to his accents. I can't move ; I've lost the use of > one side. What does it.mean?" INeither .the agent nor : the valet an- ' swered this anxious question. : They looked at each other" doubtfully- The - valet murmured some soothing speech in his own tongue. i" I know what it'means," said Sir. Aubrey, " it is paralysis, the one disease I j have .dreaded ever ' since I saw my grandfather wheeled about Perriam in a ■ Bath chair, with his head .hanging on one side, when I was a little boy. And yet I hardly thought it would - seize me. I thought Mordred might be stricken ; he has always been a weak, ailing creature. I never thought I should be the one." (To he continued.) ; Mr. Sichel, who is a candidate for ,& seat in the new Victorian House of Assembly, speaking on the subject of intercolonial trade, said—" if we abolished-the duty on wheat im mense quantities, of South Australian grain would be sent to Melbourne instead of Ade laide. He estimated;that the abolition of the wheat duty would divert .annually from Ade laide to this port at least 50,000 tons of that grain, the freight on-which would increase our - railway revenue by some £150,000." The Trustees and friends of the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, having made con- siderable alterations and improvements, by the erection of a singing gallery behind the ros- trum, and purchased a large and powerful harmonium, had an opening service on Thurs- day evening, April 9, when an able and inte- resting lecture was given by the Rev. O. Lake, of Adelaide ; subject, "Flatterers and Fault- finders." The following pieces of music were rendered in excellent style by the choir: — "Waterflobds,"' from Union' Harmonist; " Sanotus," from Mozart's Twelfth Mass; and "To Thee-Cherubim and Seraphim continually - • dp cry; and " ThiDe, O Lord, is the Great ness," from' Campbell's Selection of Anthems. - Ladies and gentlemen of other churches - kindly : assisted, Mr. J. Pickering, jan., acting very efficiently as conductor, and Mr. A. Buddy pre siding at the harmonium with -his well- known ability. The solos, " So Rapid thy Course is," by Mr. J. Coombe, and "Angels ever Bright and Fair," by Miss Richards, elicited-great ap plause, as also did the following instrumental pieces by Mr. Puddy, viz.—Overture to Deine trio Polibio, "Comfort ye," and " Cujus Animam." Over 200 persons availed themselves of the opportunity of attending the service, which was in a high degree instructive and entertaining,' and so thoroughly appreciated j that a request was made at the close that the music should be given again on Monday evening next, to which the choir kindly consented. 