THEATRE ROYAL. On Friday evening, Miss May Howard rer„ ceived a farewell complimentary benefit at the Royal,-in the shape of an amateur performance, the actors being those who acquitted themselves so well two evenings previously, on behalf of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Asylnm. There was a capital house, every seat in the boxes being taken up, and a number of persons having to be accommodated on chairs at the back. His Excellency the Governor, Mrs. and Miss Mus grave, and suite were present, and there was a brilliant display of the beauty and fashion of Adelaide and its suburbs. Miss Howard met with aa enthusiastic reception, and repeatedly bouquets and garlands were rained upon: her. Floral offerings were libe rally bestowed during the evening, Miss Bowring and Miss Leake coming in for their share. The entertainment commenced with Sheridan Knowlea'a beautiful play of " The Hunchback," which has generally been greatly enjoyed in this city, and has several times been produced with great success. Miss Howard took the part of Julia, and if the impersona tion was not so evenly excellent as some with, which" she has given so much pleasure to Ade laide theatre-goers, it was not without con siderable merit. In the earlier passages,'the freshness, freedom, and simplicity of na ture were not perfectly reproduced; there was more of the music of cities than of native woodnotes wild; but there were power and appropriateness in the aoting in the latter portion of the drama, and especially so in the closing scenes of the last act. Mr. "Ward once more trod the boards aa Master Walter, and notwithstanding some amount of self-consciousness and a little same ness of voice and manner, he gave a very good rendering of the part. In his last great dialogue with Ms beautiful daughter, before be bad made known to her the relationship, he was very effective, and some of his expressions, as for instance, "Lingers he still ?" were really telling. He met with the most marked approbation from all parts of the house. That gay, lighthearted, mischievous, affectionate girl, Helen, was re presented by Miss Bowring, in her happiest style. In her scenes with her bashful cousin, when she banters him on his amazing coy ness and dullness of comprehension she dis played the most delightful archness and humor, all the while preserving the refine ment that should never be separated from these passages. On her first appearance, Miss Bowring .was received with applause so hearty as to prove how high a position she has won in public favor, and her admi rable acting frequently called forth fresh plaudits. The popular lessee of the theatre played Modus excellently, and quite concealed from the house the fact that he was suffering pain from the effects of his late accident, his exertions on Wednesday evening having had a hurtful influence upon the injured limb. He well rendered Modus's exaggerated modesty, want of self-possession, and complete Inno cence in the arts of love-making. . It is super fluous to say that he received a demonstrative welcome. Sir Thomas Clifford found a trebly excellent representative in the genial im personator of a leading character in the burlesque of " Bombastes Furloso" on Wednes day evening. The enjoyment ofthe play, and the smoothness, with which it ran, were greatly owing to the able and natural manner in which Julia's true lover was impersonated. A more youthful performer from the same well-known establishment, appeared as Lord Tinsel; and Master Wilford, Fathom, and the remaining characters, were assumed by gentlemen who have [before appeared with credit in histrionic . performances. After the fail of the curtain, Mr. Ward came forward, and apologised for M«\ Lazar's inability to appear in the next piece as Fetor Spyke, but stated that this was unfortunately rendered impossible by that gentleman suffering so much from the task he had already imposed upon himself while so far from having recovered from his late mishap. He stated, however, that another gentleman had kindly undertaken the part at a moment's notice, and he asked that the indul gence of the house might be extended to this obliging volunteer. The curtain then rose upon the '• Loan of a Lover," in which Miss Leake played with great vivacity and a bewitcMngly sly-humor, that caused great merriment. Ia several songs she brought the house down, and had to comply with encores. Peter Spyke, who though plain and uncultivated, has something in common with Modus, in his phlegmatic temperament and inability to un derstand young and[lovely women, was amusingly rendered; and Miss Brown and several amateurs completed the cast, the proceedings closing at a very late hour. To-night "Hamlet" will be played Jfor the last time, Mr. Fairclough im personating the Danish Prince, and Mis3 Bow ring acting the Qaeen. The appearance of the Ghost is not to be dispensed with on this occa sion, except when only Hamlet is supposed to see it. 