THE DF.PA RTURE OF THE BISHOP OF MEL BO UBNE. A special communion service was held yes terday morning, in St. James's Cathedral, when there were about thrco hundred com municants present. His Lordship the Bishop, the Dean, Archdeacons Crawford and Stretch officiated. : At the conclusion of the service the Bishob said a few words of farewell to those present.: At eleven o'clock in the fore noon a large assemblage of tho clergy from all parts of .the colony, nud a number of tbe principal iheuiber3 of the Church of England in Victoria, and other denominations, met together in the Council Chamber of the Town Hall, to assist at the presentation of farewell addresses to the Bishop prior to his departure by the! mail steamer in the afternoon. Among thosa present were a largo number of ladies. About a quarter-past eleven o clock the Bishop' and his lady entered the hall, and were warmly greeted. The Bishop was then led to tbe dais on which tho . mayoral chair stands,' and as soon a3 all were settled down in their places the farewell addiess was read,1 those present standing i — The lion.- C. Si.aden, C.M.G., addressing his lordBhip, said that his Excellency the Governor had intended to bo. present on this occasion, but owing to severe indisposition' lie was unable to carry out his desire, and it liad devolved upon him (Mr, Sladen), who had been amongst those who first welcomed his lordship to the colony, to have the plea surable duty of presenting to him an address from tho clergy and laity of the Church of England, signed by large numbers. He then read tho following address : — To the Right Revorend Father in God, Charles, by divine permission, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, — Wo give thanks to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, that it hath pleased Him to pre serve you for so many years as tlio bishop of this diocese, and we pray that His favor may go with you ou the journey which von aro about to under take. Although your lordship lias permitted us to indulge the hope of seeing you amongst ns OnCQ moro ueiore your rpiscopaio tcriDiuutes, ui again receiving your fntherly admonitions and enjoying yonr pastoral caro, and although we heartily rejoice in the prospect thus held ont to us, we cannot but feel that from tho day on which you leave those shores we can no longer call you ours, in the sense in which it hns been our pride and privilege to claim you in years gone by. Wo therefore feel tlmt, though our present farewell is but. for a season, it partakes of a character miicli more solemn than that which usually at taches to a temporary parting, and wo desiro now to express our gratitude to God for the gift He has so long bestowed upon us, and to you, Who have been , His willing instrument for good. Less than , two yearn ago, in nn address which we .had the gratification of presenting to you, on the completion of the 25th year of your Episcopate, we enumerated,' though briefly and insufficiently, some of the benefits for which, under God, the church hero is indebted to your lordship. And tho interval which has elapsed has only served moro fully to manifest your de votion to the cause of God, and to tho church over which ho has mado yon overseer. Deeply as we lament the breaking of tho tics which have hitherto bound you to this country — deeply as we lament that any circumstance should have hastened, even by a day, tho separation which yon tell us was eventually inevitable, we cannot but rceogniso with gratitude the zeal which Jjas made you, for the purpose of forwarding the spiritual welfare of a portion of tlie diocese, urge your departure with in convenient speed ; and in the hope of recon ciling as far as possible yonr sense of duty to tlmt portion with tho feelings, wants, and wishes of the other, to delay indefinitely the rest you so much needed, and submit to the irksotnenoss of the two additional voyages which are thus impo sed upon you. In recognising, as wo do thank fully, the . promptitude and energy which you manifest in a critical period of the church's life, we are glad to call to mind other stops which the same energy and far-seeing wisdom enabled you to take, and tho result of which hns been to mould our church's life into tho form into which it is now presented to the world. When repre sentative institutions in the church wero regarded by most men with reprobation, and by their very nil vacates with fear; you labored to introduce them, and, overcoming the scruples of friends and the opposition of enemies, obtained for them the sanction of tho local Government and of her Majesty tho Queen. When the introduction of laymen into tho coun cils of the church was regarded with apprehension by tho clergy, and with donlit by the laity them selves, you invited them to take their full share in her legislation. When the voice of the con gregations in tho appointments of their ministers w:ls denounced ns dangerous, you called on tliein to share with yourself the responsibility. When a layman's preaching to a congregation appeared to mnny to ho a profane encroachment on the sacred office, you required tlio candidates for the ministry to prove by their evangelistic labors their fitness for tho work before you laid your hands upon them, and t hus turned the necessities of the church into a means of both extending her ministrations and testing tlio character at her future ministers. Moreover, you encouraged faith ful men, who still continued in their secular calling, to exercise, in aiding the parochial clergy, their gifts as visitors, teachers, and preachers. And now we find each of these once-dreaded in novations either adopted by the church in the colonies, and oven in England, or urged upon her by her best friends, as essential tober best progress, if not to her stability. No ono has acknowledged you as his guide, no ono has pointed to you as a leader, but all or almost all are quietly fol lowing in the paths Which you Jmvo dared to open. It is true that rapid as has been the growth of the church, from three clergymen to 120, and from three congregations to 300, it lmB not advanced as rapidly as' our wants de manded. Hut in 'tlio caution with which the ' seedling has beon planted, in the care which has been taken to preserve all its roots, and to nccommodato them to the soil, in the judgment with which its position has been adapted to tbe peculiarities of a new climate, above all in the faith in Him and the prayer offered to Him who alono can give tho increase, wo see for our church a promise of steady pro gress. which, if Slow, shall be like the growth of the British oak, which grows slowly, but grows to strength and greatness among the trees of the forest. And should it hereafter make a sudden increase, and should it yet overshadow the land, whatever may be tho hand that waters, the hand that guarded its early growth, that trained its young branches with watchful care,, and pruned them with unsparing wisdom, will never be forgotten, either by those who dwell under its shadow, or by Him who will, wo trust, hereafter recognise it ns a tree of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, in which He is glorified, we now hid you for a season farewell, hoping before the close of another year again to see your face, and to listen to your counsels. In the meantime our prayers shall be offered to God for your safety in your journey by Innd and water, for a prosperous issue to your present: undertaking, and for what you value more than your personal safety or comfort, the buiidin" of the church whoso foundations you have hud, in the faith once delivered to the saints, in steadfast continnance in well-doing, and in the patient waiting for Christ. The Bishop said : I wHl not trust myself, my friends, to reply further than to express my feelings of ' deep thankfulness for the address which has just been read by a dear friend, who, as he says, was one of the few who welcomed me to these shores. I see others in the roam who were contemporary, or rather who were older in tho colony than myself, and who were present on that occa sion, and it affects me deeply now to see them here, and to receive from them, as well ii from others, this valedictory expression of their" feelings toward# 'me. ' I will hour simply road the reply I have written to the address, and I trust you will bear in mind tbat it was hurriedly written My bclovod friends, both of tho clergy and laity of tlio Church of England in Victoria, — I thank you very sincerely for the address which you itavo just presented to me, for I am afraid that, bowevor unworthy I am of tho commenda tion which it contains, it expresses tho genuine feelings of thoso who have signed it. To receive such an expression of your loving, although par tial, . estimate of me after an episcopate of six and twenty years, is an occasion of liumblo thankfulness to Him who appointed mo to that office, and who has preserved mo in it during so long a period. While it would be, in my opinion, very unbecoming and very lingrntetiu to pro fess an unconsciousness of the use which tho Lord lias mado of mo for the organisation of our church in this diocese, it would be most arrogant to claim for myself any credit for what Ho has so generously done for us. For not only have thero beon .associated with mo in all my work many beloved fellow-laborers, both clergy men and laymen, without whose assistance, hu manly speaking, my efforts would liavo been wholly unavailing, but also, as wo ought always to remember, and I trust we do remember, from Him alone all lioly desires, all good counsels, and all jnst works do proceed. Of his gift only it is that His people can do unto Him any acceptable service. Whatever agents, therefore, ne may bo pleased to employ, to Him only is to be ascribed all tho glory of their success, I will say no more about myself, but proceed to speak briefly upon another topic on which I feel very deeply. Our church lias now, as you 'liaro remarked, been planted in this land, and its organisation as an ecclesiastical institution, although doubtless capable of much improvement, may lie regarded as complete. But ns a steam-engine, when all its machinery is per fect, requires, for enabling it to perform its in tended work, both fuel and fire, so docs the church require an adequate supply of faithful and ablo ministers, together with the hp-giving power of the Holy Ghost, in order that it may accomplish the Lord's work. Without a larger pouring out of tho Holy Spirit, and without addi tional clergymen duly qualified for their sacred office, all our organisation will be found wholly inefficacious. Suffer me, then, to avail myself of this opportunity of affectionatelv entreating you that you will eaolt of you individually alono. and thoso of you .who are heads of families in your families, make yonr request unto God that bo will, for tbe sake of bis son Jesus Christ, both provide for tbe Church in Victoria a sufficient number of men who shall approve themselves ablo ministers of the Gospel, and also, by the power of the Holy Ghost, render tboir ministra tions effectual for the establishment throughout the land of precc and happiness, truth and jus tice, pure religion and piety, for all generations. Suffer me also, my beloved brethren of the laity, to rcmiuJ you of tho Apostle's precept, "Let him that ib taught ill the word minister onto him that teacheth in all good things.'' God, yon wilt re member, works by human agency ;nnd if you would expect any good thing for yourselves or others you must not only ask it from Him, but also do what you can for obtaining it. If ynu desiro to see tho church of your fathers established in the affec tions of the people of Victoria, von must each of you set apart a proportion of your income — what ever you conscientiously feel to bo right in your particular circumstances— for the maintenance and extension of tbat church. To do so is both a duty anil a great privilege, tor thereby you wilt not only promote the glory of God and the spiritual good of your neighbors ami fellow-countrymen, but you will also secure tho Divir.c favor for yourselves, your fami lies, and all connected with you. " Chargo there that are rich in litis world," writes tho apostle to Timothy, that they be not high- minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in tho living God, who givotli us richly all tilings to cujoy ; that tliey do good ; that they bo rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to com municate ; laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against tho time to come, that tliey may lay hold on eternal life." Nor is the blessedness of giving limited only to the rich, for the small offering of tho poor man is as acceptable unto tho Lord as the larger donation of his more wealthy neighbor. My reason for addressing you thus is that, although I hope, in God's good providence, to return to you in tho courso of noxt year, yet I may bo prevented ; and indeed -I do not know that 1 could give utterance to iny sentiments on this subject npon a more suitable occasion than Hie present, when you have so pointedly called my attention both to the past history and tlio present condition and prospects of our beloved Church. Commonding you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an in heritance among all them which aro sanctified, I remain, your nffcctionnlc friend and bishop, C. Melbourne. Mr. James Balfour, on behalf of tho Society for tlio Promotion of Morality, ex pressed to his Lordship the appreciation felt by the members of tlio society for the great services rendered by bim. The Rev. Mr. Strongman then read an address to tho Bishop, who had acted as president of the society. It stated that the members of tho society could not permit his Lordship to leave the colony without ex pressing the esteem they felt for one who had exhibited so much earnest devotedness in the spread of morality among nil classes of the community. It was at the Bishop's suggestion that tlio society had been formed, as well as tho Model Lodging House, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, jthe Discharged Prisoners' Aid So- Society, the Retreat for Fallen and Friend less Women and tho Boys' Trading Brigade. The Bishop said that he felt deep thank fulness that he, with the aid of others, had been permitted to originate that society. Although the number of its members was small, he believed that it would be doing more and more a good work in the land, to the glory of Goil and tlio benefit of the colony. He desired to tako this opportu nity of bidding farewell to those friends who could not accompany liim to the steamer, and he could assure them that he should always hear the colony in affectionate re membrance. The Bishop was driven away in the Go vernor's carriage, and a largo number of per sons assembled on the Williumstown Rail way Pier, whoro tho steamer Bangalore was lying, in order to wish his lordship a pleasant voyage. 