'bmeoFsotifRtjaiffrsv£Stii4o&' -fOABLB VMTAIIIS} .'»??' St. PETKEsBtrac, January S3. —The niarrinjte cervmouy of the Dokg of.Ediubucgll aud the Piiucexa Muri* cotauieJused ai noon in-day, in the presence nf a vast assemblage f-f guc^s, in the Winter Palace aud the various gallerieii. The ladies were euuiptuuualy attirod, the pra wen: velvet and diamonds. The men were in uniform, with the exception ol the American diplomatists. After assembling, a procession j was formed with the Grand Equerries, Chamber laius, aud other officers of the Court leading, j then came the Emperor and Empress Imperial, , Prince and Princess of Wales, the Princes i of Germauy aud Denmark, and Priuce Arthur. | Then came the biide aud the bridegroom, who wore the Russian naval uniform. Tlie bride was spleudidly apparelled iu a loug crimson velvet uiaiale trimmed with ermine, aud she wore a diamond coronet Her train was borne by four pages. Then followed un immense pro cession of the Imperial family, priests, friends, princes, and court oftkials. The Imperial Russian Prince wore the uniform of Cuirassiers, the Prince of Wales the scarlet British uniform, the Prussian Prince Imperial that of ft Prussian Colonel. All were decorated with the Russian Order of St. Andrew. The Princess of Wales was dressed in darkcriinson velvet, with dianmnd coronet aud collar, aud pearl necklace. The Imperial German Princess was dressed iu the same style. The Russian Princess' dress was blue velvet aud gold. Priuce Arthur acted as one of the groomsmen. All wore silver wedding favors. The procession, upon reaching the Russian i Church, was received hy the Mei.opolitan Head j of the Russian Clmivh of the Holy Synod, bear ing crosses and sacred vessels with holy water. The Emperor conducted tbe bride and bride Ciooin to the middle of the church, assuming his station, with the Kinpressimiuudiately behiud. Arouud the bridegroom stood Prince Arthur aud the Grand Pukes. The wedding rings, borne on gold sidveiD, were deposited on the alter tem porarily, until placed on the fingers of the bride a. id bridegroom. The magnificent chapel was illuminated with innumerable wax caudles ; the I tloor was covered with velvet, crimson and gold | c.irpct ; the pillars and altar were covered with gold. The Greek marriage ceremony was unique in the absence of music. Chants and intoned prayers were given during the service. The crowns were held suspended over the heads of the bridal pair,— Prince Arthur holding the crown over the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Scrgius over that of the bride. The Imperial Confessor then said : 'Thou servant of God, Alfred Ernest Edward, art crowned tor tins Handmaiden oi uoa, Jiarm Alexandra, in the name of the Father, the Sou, and the Holy Ghost.' Priuce Arthur, becoming tired of holding the heavy crown, was relieved. Then the Epistle to the Epbesiaus, 5th chapter, 20tli aud 23rd verses uere read. After the reading was concluded, the marriage at Cana of Gallilee was read. The crowns were removed, and the married couple walked thrice arouud the raised dais, holding to the tip of the confessor's robe with one hand and a candle iu the other. At the conclusion of this ceremony the sacra mental cup was brought forward, blessed and partaken of by the bridal pair, the confessor presenting the cross, which both kissed. After wards the choir sang 'Glory to Thee, O Lord !' concluding with a benediction. This ended the Greek services, the procession theu slowly formed, proceeding to the hall of Alexander for the Anglican service. Deau Stanley, of Westminister Abbey, omViited. The walls were decorated with battle pictures. Dean Stanley, who during tiic solemnization of the Greek Church service, wore a Protestant Epis copal Doctor of Divinity hat and gown, and who now appeared at the altar wearing an Episcopal ? surplice with u. jewelled collar of the Order of the Bath aroun I his neck, was nssisted by the two resident English clurgymeu. Both the American and the English colony were gathered ou the left of the altar. Conspicuous among them v-us Governor Jewett, the American Minister, Lord L'ftus, the English Minister, and Diplomatic officials. Many English officers, in i'jll c.istuuie, were also present. Especially n i! iible was the venerable Piince Gortseliakoff, surrounded by leading members ot the Russian n-'Ulity. Tlie Episcopal chants were given by Russian chorister lads, iu long crimson dresses. When the marriage procession entered, thu bride walked between her father and the bridegroom. Prince Arthur walked behind. The beautiful Anglican wedding service was then impressively performed by Dean Stanley, the Prince and Princess responding according to the form en joined iu the Book of Common Prayer. The delivery of the final benediction, 'God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost — bless, preserve, and keep you,' was especially touching. The services being concluded, Dean Stanley congratulated the newly-married couple. Several Roman Gttluilic dignitaries were pre sent. The, bride looked earnest, sweet, fair faced : the bridegroom grave, self-possessed. The Piincess of Wales was lovely, pale, and delicate. The German Crown Princess looked healthy- the image of her mother, Uueeu Vic toria. The Piince of Wales was annaretitiv on excellent terms with the German Prince, and both looked well. During the ceremony in the English chapel, the Empress ot Russia being a confirmed invalid aud fuligiied, seemed overcome and nmde a motion of holding a handkerchief to her eyes wheu the married couple saluted her. The ceremony being concluded, the crowd de s|iersed. There was only a limited display of popular enthusiasm. An illumination of the public squares took place, and the general scene was one of splendid festivity, jhe service formed an extraordinary combination of cere mony, wealth, pomp, am) splendour. After the marriage rites there was a banquet at the Palace, and subsequently a ball at the gorgeous hall. At the close of the ball the bridal couple were fonnilly marched to the bridnl chamber, accom panied by the Emperor and officers of the Court, the festivities were continued after the retire ment of the happy couple, the Emperor being present. A good story in told nf a, parrot who had always lived on board a ship, but who escaped at one of tbe Southern ports, and took refuge iu a church. Soon afterwards the congregation assembled and tbe minister began preaclung, saying thnt there was no virtue in them ; that every one of them would be lost unless they speedily repented. Just us be had uttered the sentence, up spoke tbe parrot from its bidtng plaoe, 'All Lands below !' To say that 'All hands' were startled would be a mild way of puttingit. The peculiar voice, froiir its unknown source, bad much nioro effect upon them thnn the pnrson's voice ever bad. He* waited a moment, and then, a shade or two nnler, he re peated the warning. ' All hands below '' again rang nut somewhere. The preacher started from his pulpit, and looking anriniitfly around inquired if anybody bad spoken. ' Ail bands below I' was the only reply, at which the panic stricken oougregatiun got tip, and a moment after they all bolt^l For the doors, the preacher did his best t«»be (Tint, and during all this time the mUcbevions bird kept up iU yelling : ' All bands below I' There was an old woman who wwnumi^ miu mum iniu fcou irun no t'tov gw vno rat, and in a very short time was left entirely nlone. Just ns she Was about to hobble out, the parrot flew down, and, alighting un her sbnniaw, yelled in tor Wit1 AUSaaflj i below!' *;WnAp£«r/#fli1jk'f*iWMd«» *M wobibii, :^«0M»|Bl^AK^J49i1tMmgiurA Igo #6 tU fihareu, *ohm» jffiti wjjr.'V^MJrtfewt i Arvu* ' ? ... ^ r^-v .,. ? r. | 