THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. Fairclougfa, after playing for a reason to - small audiences, considered in comparison with -, the excellent conceptions which he placed before the public, seen™ at last to have wormed him osgjx iuw viu ?|-|-ivviwwvm« xru lUUUViaj H wflyft^f '? he gave the first of two farewell performances. Miss Adelaide Bowring pk,ing with Mm, and the result was a crowded house. There was not ' a vacant seat noticeable in the lower portion of tbe Theatre, and the gallery was also very well attended, while that division which is too often sparingly patronised— the drees circle— gave accommodation to ? very numerous and brilliant company. The play was 'Hamlet,' but, as if to comply with the teetotal genius of the times, Mr. Fairclough robbed it of its only spirituous, characteristic by excising the bodily appearance of the ghost. This was announced prior to tke rite of the curtain, on the ground that it was, . in Mr. Fairclough's opinion, an insult to rational n?en to place before them as a phenomenon what tbeir reason knew to be unseeable. Another excision was made which was not announced, the action commencing. with tbe second instead of tbe first scene. The absence of a visible ghost strikes tbote who would altogether subordinate art to nature as a very great improvement, but on the ttick'erfor bbgo traditions aid effects it must have fallen rather coldly. To our mind it l is a Btep in tbe right direction to do away with a substantial ghest in the tcenei in which Hamlet alone confronts the apparition, or in which he beholds it; while another — as in the interview with the Queen— though beside him is ^ ignorant of a feupernatural presence, and; marvels that he should with the inoorporal1 air 'hold discourse.' But where Horatio and ; MarcelluB are made to witness the visit of his father's spirit, and, pointing toward it, tpeak of it to the Prince, the absence of the appearance seems strange. This the advocates of the strictly natural may say is the - fault of the great dramatist in allowing others to discern the ghost as well as Hamlet ; but alterations when made should be contrived'' rather to give greater point to the work as it is found than to make it to our eyes unnatural even* in minor characteristics. Therefore we think in the last-mentioned case the ghost in a substan tial form seems to be necessary, and that being . 60 its banishment from the other scenes is a difficulty not easily Burmounted. The cutting out of the first scene as its facts -, are afterwards detailed shortens the play: somewhat and is a decided improvement. Mr. Fairclough acted with all his usual grace . and finish, and threw if pxmble more force into his interpretation of the %£*ects produced upon ' the Prince by the appearances of the ghost, adding thereby greatly to the success of the performance. He was called before the curtain at the close of each act, and at the fall of the curtain found it necessary to respond to; clamorous appeals. - . .. , We were glad to see that Miss Bowring on her first entrance was greeted with' hearty' plaudits, and that her performance seemed to be appreciated. Wo need not, however, repeat our opinion of tbe excellent manner in wb;ch she enacts the part of the Queen. The remainder of the cast was the same as when, the play was previously produced, except that* Mr. T. Reading was entrusted with the small part of Bernardo, and considering how new this actor is to the stage he may be said to have given it a very creditable interpretation. Miss Anbted's Ophelia was a pleasing performance. The Polonius of Mr. Walsh had all the good parts of ? former productions with a change for the better in the few minor points in which ho previously ran slightly into farce. Mr. Power again made a hit as the first gravedigger. but we are sorry we cannot compliment Mr. Wast on the last appearance which he put in on behelf of the King of Denmark, The royal memory was fadly »t fault, and the result something very distinct from the text. To- night ' Othello' will be played, with Mr, Fairclough as Iago, Tot Daphne Case Again.— The Melbourne Argut of July 22 remarked:—' It will be' remem bered that some months ago public attention was called to the case of the Daphne, a vessel engaged in the South Sea Island labour traffic, and serious charges were E?ade against some of the persons connected with her. Amongst other charges it was alleged that two South Sea Island women were kidnapped, and were outraged on board the vessel bv two men well knows ia Victoria. A confidential statement was sub mitted to the Government here by the Rev. L. Fison, andtheGovernment have since been blamed for their apparent remiEsness in taking action. Yesterday evening, in the Legislative Assembly, - Mr. Langton took advantage of an oppor tunity to make an explanation on the subject. He stated that his colleague the Chief Secretary had omitted no step in his investiga tion of the matter. Enquiries had bean made by the police in this colony, and when a detec tive had been sent to Fiji in connection with another affar? advantage had been taken of the opportunity to make equities there, but nothing could be aiceitained which would justify a war rant being i'.sued for theaireil; of any person. The Chief Sccretaty bad then commuDicated with the Commodore on the Station, who had dispatched a navsl (officer in one of the new war schooners to visit the place referred to, and to ascert:in as far as po3r.ible wtat were the real facts of the case. This officer having made the investigation as directed, and having seen the two women who were stated to be the victims of the outrage, reported that he had learnt from them that they were not kid napped, and that no such outrage as alleged bad been perpetrated upon them. Tbe women were seen at different times and at different places, ?so that there was no possibility of collusion be tween them. Mr. Langton intimated that he - could not accede to the request to lay the papers before the House, as much of the infor mation irrnisnea was connaential. Quinine a Cubk for Smallpox.— The Journal des Debatt informs ub that the Italian traveller aad naturalist, Odoardo Beccari, writes from the Aru Islands, south of New Guinea, which he has visited for botanical and zoological purpc:3s, and where he has made most interesting obser vations, that the smallpox is raging in all the towns of the Indian Archipelago, but that the Dutch treat it and — which is much more impor tant—cure it with quinine. Taken in strong doses of from 60 to 100 grains English, the action of qniaine renders the course of the dt\e9se ex tremely mild, and causes the suppuration to take place abundaitly, fresly, and with little or no Buffering. In the Dutch Hospital ft A-n- boyba S00 patients were thus treated with qui»iine. Two only died. Bcsck', who caught the di'fise, employed the sam« remciy in ?; exactly tke same manner, with the most favour* able and speedy results. 8ulphtjr fob OlDlDM.— Regarding the u?e of sulphur in oidium attack, 'QuartzopoL's' writes , to the Getlong Adrxrfuer .—'In the wet season . of 1873 my vines were nearly deitroyed by the : ?liseate, and the following winter I determined to lay bare the roots and sulphur them well, which I did, also severing one or two of the roots, with a view that when the sap rose the sulphur r would be sucked up, and be more readily cirou-. . lated throughout the vine. I am happy to say the experiment appeared to answer, for the . blight did not show itself this hut sea son; but; whether it was the sulphur or the dryness of the , weather I cannot say.' 