Recent Experiences of Spiritualism. Credulity is the invariable companion of -superstition, but superstitions are not all alike. As Froude has pointed out in a noble pass age, the greatest men of the Elizabethan age had their superstitious springing out of the intense earnestness of their convictions, and their realisation of the mystery and power underlying and governing* the material and spiritual phenomena of the universe. They would have regarded die so called spiritual phenomena of this age, however, with con tempt, as utterly at variance with, and un worthy of the grand conceptions on which their superstitions were based. Let our rea ders perusejthe recentexperience of spiritualism . recorded in the Fortnightly and New Quar terly Magazine, for the narratives are well cal culated to dispel all illusions about the mys rerjr or power of the forces manifested in the phenomena of our modern spiritualism. The Socrates of the spirit- world, according to one medium, had a straight Grecian nose, among bis other characteristics. As some doubt ex . isted as to 'his identity, Viscout Amberley suggested that he should prove it by speaking Greek, which had the effect of immediately stopping the mouth of that otherwise loqua cious philosopher. Another medium gifted with intuitive powers of disco veringand healing ma ladies, found distinct evidences of a disease that the Viscount never had, and of an opera tion he had never suffers;!. On the extraordi nary credulity of the spiritualists ond that of the mediums, so well pointed out by Viscount Amberley, we need not dwell. Mr. William Hipp has also recounted in the Echo his ex perience of a seance, with the colebratd Miss Cook as a medium. Among other mani festations the time arrived for the spirits to Eprinkle the guests with water, a tumbler having been placed on the table for that pur pose. The room was darkened nnd expec tation was on tiptoe, lut the sceptical Mr. Hipp grasped the tumbler, and in a few seconds clutched the hand was dipped into it. As he had caught a spirit a light was proured, and a striking tableau presented itself. The spirit-hand had an arm of flesh, which formed part of Miss Cook's body. The censure and ignominy, he adds, that he brought on him self, was only counterbalanced by the satis faction he felt in huring at last caught a spirit. Scientific men are invited to investigate the phenomena of spiritualism, and their refusal to do so is regarded as the result of a narrow minded prejudice; hut we agren with the editor of the New Quarterly Magazine, when he says, that the existence of delusion, nnd the manner of it, being once explained, the subject ceases to possess nny interest for educated and intelligent people. Discussion of such a topic affords neither instruction nor' entertainment. But this mysterious craving to peer into the unknown has other aspects which should not bo entirely disregarded. Speaking of the social opidemics nnd vulgar superstitions that from time to time rise, cul niinatjo, and decline, giving way in their turn to others equally startling and ephemera), the late Professor Ferrier declared ; ' These, how ever, are not to bo set down — at least so it is to be hoped — among the moral nnd catholic superstitions incident to humanity. They ars much worse than the worst forms of the doc trine of materiality. Oar natural supersti tions are bad enough ; but thus to make a systematic business of futurity, imposture, and profanity, and to imagine all the while \- that we are touching on the precincts of God's ipiritual kingdom, is unspeakably shocking.' — Lancet. The following extract is from an article written to the Fortnightly Review by Mr. A. H. Wallace, the naturalist : — For some years a young lady, Miss Florence Cook, has exhibited remarkable mediumship, -which latterly culminated in the production of an entire female form purporting to be spiri tual, and which appeared barefooted and in white flowing robes, while she lay entranced, in dark clothing und securely bound, in a cabinet or adjacent room. Notwithstanding that tegta of an apparently conclusive character were employed, many visitors, spiritualists as we'l as |aceptics, got the impression that all was not as it should be, owing, in part, to the resemblance of the supposed spirit to Miss Cook, and also to the fact that thu two could not be seen at the same time. Some supposed that Miss C. wasanimposto', who managed lo concoal a white robe about her (although she was often searched), and who, although she was securely tied with tapes and sealed, was able to get our of her bonds, dress and undress herself, and get into them again, all in the dark, and in so complete sad skilful a manner as to defy detection. Others thought that the spirit released her, provided her with a white dree?, and sent her fotth to personate a ghost. The belief that there was something wrong led one centlemun — an ardent spiritualist — to soizo the supposed spirit and endeavour to hold it in the hope that some other person would ? open the cabinet door and see if Miss Cook ?waa really there. This was, unfortunately, not done ; but the great resemblance of the being he seized to Miss Cook, its perfect solidity and the vigorous strugglus it made to escape from him, convinced this gentleman that it was Miss Cook herself, although the rest of the company, a few minutes afterwards, fouud her bound and sealed just as she had been left an hour before. To determine thn question con clusively, experiments have been made within the last few. weeks by two scientific tneu. Mr. C. F. Varley, F. E. S., the eminent elect rician, made use of a galvanic battery and cable testing apparatus, and passed a cvrrent through Miss Cook's body, by fastening sovereigns sold ered to wires to her arm?. The apparatus was so delicate that any movement whatever was Instantly indicated, while it was impossible for the young lady to dreaa and act us a ghost without breaking the circuit. Yet under these conditions the spirit-form did appear, exhibited its arms, spoke, wrote, and touched several persons j and this happened, be it remembered, nob in the medium's own house, but in t'mt of a private gentleman in the west end of London. For nearly an hour the circuit was never broken and at the conclusion, Miss Cook was found in a deep trance. Since this remarkable experi ment Mr. Wm. UrookeiyF' K. S., has obtained, if possible, still more satisfactory evidence. He contrived a phosphorus lauip, and armed with this was allowed to go into the dark room, accom pained by the spirit, and there saw and felt Miss Cook, dressed in black velvet, ljing in ft trance on the floor, while thn spirit-form, in white robes, stood close beside her. During theevenino this spirit-form had been, fur nearly an hour, walking and talking with the company and Mr. Crookes, by permission, clusped the figure in his arms, and found it to be, appa rently, a real living womanf just as the acep ttcal gentleman had done.. Yot this figure i not that of Miss Cook, nor of any other huraa being, since it appeared and disappeared in Mr. Orookes's own house as completely as in that of the medium herself. The full state ment of Messrs. Varloy and Crookest, with a mass of interesting detail on tho subject, appe ared in the Spiritualist newspaper, in March and April last, and they serve to show that whatever marvels occur in America can bo reproduced here, that men. of science are not precluded from investigating thc^e phenomena with instruments and bv scientific mei hods. 