auim n. iFASSEDeresUessmibt. The fotSnr upper most in mv mind waa that I twdeSewedaman to leave tbe boose in tbe square who, I was neiariouB purpose, and I blamed myself more Allan T p«n w I lll*«. Ataneadyhour tbe next morning I started fortewn. AH«be ermorstjliooa CseUnCB of the rnvirm night ware dissipated by tbeaaashiae aodlbefinhaDomisgair, and,aal Beared tbe studio, I quite btoghed at myself for tbe flights I bad allowed ny imagination to take. On arriving at tfae door, I met ICddleton, who came from another direction; Duncan, wbo Ihred at no |rrest bawmnee Irom tbe ronare, was already in bis room. Asking Hiddlebm to | aecompBnv nse, I went in to Duncan, whose j rooms, as £ base alnady ez^nairjed, were on I (fceground- aoor. I tnoogat it (letter to eonCsm ' my oversight oftheni|!«t before without deUy. \ and to institute a careful search op-stairs, to I astxrtamifanybamgwenmissine. I 'I am afraid I did e very foolish tiring last j night,' I said ; '1 happened to look in bere ' very late, and saw a man come down-stain and ! CO out of the door in rataer a suspicions [ wMw- -r*'T*'«fl be came from one of tbe upper rooms, I let him pass nnquestiOTied. In fact, I was thrown off my gnard by bis very respectable appearance ; Dot - 1 have since i thought I ought to have ascertained the' object of bn visit I want you both to see ? if there is anything missing in your roams.** 'There could not be from mine,* rejoined Middlcton; 'far I locked tbe door and toot: away tbe key.*' ' Nor from mine,' added Duncan ; -* for I did tiie same. It most have been eome one belangingto Hovarth or Miss Behden. It's I odd, too. for they are both in Ibe country ; end IdWt aee why they should want to send any one here at that time of night Besides,' be added, 'no one could get into their rooms, for I happen to have the keys in my desk. Tbrv asked me to take can of them when they A sudden thooght flashed through my mind as Duncan fisssbed bis sentence— tbe recollec tion of the 4oor I had beard slam the previous night. ?Ton must be wrong, one of yon,' I answered; 'for I distinctly leeoDect bearing a heavy door slam npstatrs, just before tbe mysterious stranger made his appearance. I know I locked my own door, and you eay all the other doora were locked : but this could not nave been tbe case, or, atany vats, if tiler were, tbe aian must have bad « key.' 'Oh! that's impMsible,' rejoined Duncan. 'Hone of tbe doora have duplicate keys. If ! he had been in one of Ibe moon, be mnstnsve picked tbe lock. It certainly eeems rapieioaa. Whet sort of a looking fellow was- be ? - 'Well, tbatf. the provokiag part of it! He was such a denied gwd-loofcing {allow that be excited no suspicion. Be was perfectly men. flaeania- dune; that-apouad kw good looks was the loss of the eight of one eye. He bad what I should call a wall eye.' Duncan has been anting in a listless posi tion in an easy chair daring tbe foregoing cWMswanw. Ws*«e mennbu-of tbewsB efw Wesudeetykewed'iip- ^ ' 'Sual** ntbsr am old miiK insinna, . haaB}K.j/ 'Pr«rHsseltin»,wnodssdm'n-orroon^hsdn4a« . 'a%Sw«lswev»«V»w»U m«^a«sing «nd lot *one.ws oT Use eamknr did not. atnok asawfa. . f- -_- ImuwtaijleTtatheni; bat -they were no sun— (*'?*» vttsrsd ♦hw»-*--egvSn feU that sa|.istiUB.Li - ?Jirm wbs* bad eome trpoavne an *m#f tbe Bttthaw ?Dwaean«ent-«- « af b* vat*, intent -cm trserbg «owm iwuejnerj liar n sal between ' H» Uitstoiiwu 'TAonar Mali do v deceased ertiat ' ' ? ' ? ? --' -? ' ' 'Had be a beard and monstetef— a Tuoz. btt-wn%eara?'lleBskei - ?^m 'Tfea,- remwered, setting niorsand mot* ' astonished, 'and a wonderfully tokir*, t&u;«l monRBnif coooiwiBTMT^ ana wore m- bbb puiWbM* off u» forehead.' ' ' Doncan rase from hi. chirr, ' looked at me for a moment with a m.« peculiar expression;: than, without a word, walked to tbe table and began taming over the leaves of a photograph ' albora. I watebsl him in torn tarpntr, w&B-; He took ? loose photograph ftom the book and came towards me. 'Did yon ever aee poor Heseltine ? ' be aaked, holdine out the nbotngrapb. '?Sever- I replied, as I took it from Has. The next moment I had staggered back into a chair as pale as s corpse. 'Good flwdE Duncaiy-Ijtrasped^tlus is tlie man I act inthehslll-tinilrt.' There was a dead silence for a few mooentl; tbpn Pnnpan atifl vety couipueedly. ' ' ** That's unnoaanle; for -poor Hesenou isa. been dead two years. Ifa en awfully aoasr ttun*vtbongh j tor Heseltine was Dot an ordinary looking raan. and be badn't a re'arion a bit' like him. Wbo in tbe world could it lane been?' '?t»uncan- I answered, very solemnly, ?yon may burgh at me. if you wnl; bet I tell yon distinctly that thi. is a portrait of tbe man I met in the halt hart night; there is no shadow of difference : features, ezsresaion, character, an aH exact. What it means. Heaven oely ! knows ; but I would swear to the man in anv I court of justice.' They were both impressed by my words and manner, thoo-h it was evident Ibey abH tboufitit m under some qhosbmu ~Tdeds».'ae-dmjdaetan, 'you been, b- tnakeme feel there is eome truth in the report tbst tbe boose is haunted.' 'Haunted!' I echoed. -?Oh! ye,.' eaid Doncan ; ' flny have alid titatwersmee poor Heseltine died— bet tfaafa ?rhattbey always eay of a house where a murder, or suicide, or saddeodeatli. has taken place. Don't tell Kiss Bebden,' he added, withaUuBh.c'orBbe'llbeEivinc ns notice to 'TJpou my word.' eaid Hiddletoo, 'we- ongbttMt to be atanding here without innuiring into the matter. Ghost or no ghost, it's as well to examine tbo rooms.' Mechanically I followed tbem from tbe room. Altimnch I eorfd not expect to impress my morpaninpB witi tbe Wings that filled my own breast, I could no longer doubt that one of those mysterious decrees of Providence, which bring us at times intn eommnnion with beings from another world, and cacanemae which I had previooely been ao aoepticat, bad actually taken place in this case. If I had ever eeen either Eeseltine or bis portrait ny imagination might have played me this trick;, but his features had been aUerlr smknowu to me, and I wns Tjontively convinced, tboofjl I failed to impress this on my companioos,. that the nan I bad seen tbe previous night, and tfae parson ii^mjuiUd in tfae photograph, were one and the eame. I was utterly confounded, and could with difficulty bring myself to sneak, or even to think, of other subjects. What could have bees the purport of this visitation r' I could not believe tbat the appearance was purposeless, or for any idle end, and I longed to penetrate the mystery in which it was at present enveloped. I was so lost in thought the^foreomeirunnies,Iwasregaidlejs of the uiocsedmga of my companione. Ibey bad loitered on the landing, and Duncan 'You Save never heard about the lost picture? 'be said. -Sever,' replied JCddJeton. « Oh! I thought every one 10 tbe house had heard about that-' 'I have never heard h,' I interposed. -*Ii it anything in connection with poor Headline ? ' asked ICddastaa. ' Well, yes it is ; a very important matter in connection with him. At least, very impor -ant,as»raa the family arc concerned, at it is a loss of several hundred pounds to them.' 'Ten us about it.' 'Wby.it seems that at tbe time Heseltine died, he was at work on a Tery important picture. No one had seen it, for you know bis peculiar feeling about showing bis works befors they were finished ; and be was more than usually strict about this one. He had sold hispreviouspictureforfise hundred pounds, and be told bis wife he quite hoped to get htlfa*, much again for the last, which was -nearly completed. Strange to say, after hu death the picture was not to be {band. It was knows that be bad been working on it tbe previous dsy, for he mentioned having advanced it immensely, end that it was near completion. I was the first to to into hit room after the servant gave tbe alarm. The pictnre then on ' bis easel was a portrait. I saw aollnng of Die- a, subject picture he was engaged on. I locked 7 the door myself; and, until the family arrived, I know no one entered the room; yet the ' What ? very odd thing! n 'Tea, and a most annoying one into the bargain. The onlv explanation we could arrive at was that Heeeftine had bimsdf sent tbe plctureewsvsome.here, and that whoever ' bad it -was not honest enough to reveal die (act. Inquiries were made everywhere, advertisements inserted in tbe papers, and «rW*«uaa&tjffcndr;vutto no purpose. Bo b» of it baa ever beeo diami.ad. » jt enajidtarnnpBowit Mold be a ajtitlasiiil to 4ua-w»h/. far they hn lost . lot of May ^T-4 -Wa^v^thb^ofntf^tol-* T- the picture under «Mh -?*—? -?-- — ? aetd ' VU&ud.; j Hit ? i | ? T-lii ? mlfiiii*' weefambUnpvrithmykey in the look at the am. sjhiua tcaaddwateara. . . , ? ? I 'my.wDet-eoTWietotuelnckPIasii T=J aunt tarn the key.' 'R* H»bMor ?! nun,' replied '?His abndyuntoeked.' 'Hocked it fa* night,' I east, 'and took ?Ot t^in; with me.' ?TUtdi you what it b,' xrjomed Dnmil ?ttaelenyDuny*b«rtyoar lot ngfcfe pro ceeding tbe better. Ii'a man and n» evident to toe that you had been dining out, ud I* not qnite -u» yon ham seoasetcd from the BafteTfae bad fianiwd hu eentenM I had hum lithe room, aid «u ohnvWng in aaaan «jae« before the old oak preae. 'Wnu*a «be matter nowf saked Duncan, Miajt m/look of aatonUnnant. -What in the name of Heaven doaa Rail snean?' I gasped. 'I dedans that press -was .hut end locked when I left laat mgfct. I knew it was ; for J mated to get aomethmg oat ofit,andc-HiJdo'tlliid the key; now, here fa (he fcsv in ton lock, and Ihe door open.' 'Come, come, that's too much! Confess, at ««, that you bad exceeded your nana! -mentam lest night. K. evident, old nab, ejartyou don't ouite know aifaetbajiamd.'' I thought he oerioualy Mined -hat ha and, ?Ubaughheknewme to be one of the moat sanefcmunie men Bring. I Alt reedy annoyed. \- Duncan.' I rejoined. 'I never wu nun tedad'titau7! ma last right I remember, -daajpctly, every orciimelanrr. that occurred, to -tbe tamutest rrriitilar. . Ibere i- aomrfhiag Ifcbag vriuch bcpnmm me more dam I bare the power to express. I rah to Heaven Out I oould induce you to consider toe matter in » wxawms Isrht.' Middleton baa gone into bu own a-ooom. Duaesji turned and abet die door, and then .estdownontfae aob with a more aerioos face then before. —rb.fcctU.-heamwmd.-'Ido regard flui In a more earioua light than jou imagine f oaly, n yon end I are the petaon. chiefly iuipiiratrd. J don't with to alarm Ihe borne. I wa» imiaii ? i lilli your fine and manner when yon looked at the photograph, and tout deacription of tbe person yon mwia ao exactly that of poor Headline, that, whoever it m, it aauuuula to more than a coincidence. I ean't attempt to explrin it ; bat it makea me;feol any thing bet comfortable, I can seeure you. Han you made tip your mind what to do?' *?« net can be done? Hie figure, whatever it waa, took no notiee of me, and, with the aeention of this opeo cabinet, it baa left no nenlte.' -What re the day of the month?' Duncan emUenly naked. 'The20tli. What haa that to do with it?' Soncan turned pale. «Tms is the very day he died,' beaaid.ina low tone. 'and on tbu veryeofa. It waa here t famd him, lying with bia bead on one aide, and with quite a peaceful amue on hu lips.' ?Duncan,' I aaid. after a bar minute.' ofleetisn, -wfll you come hen with me tonight? The thin* may he all a detoaion; aome atrange, inexplicable coincidence, and ffight oT fSncj; Imiatffllfce4it.eortof duty to try and eatae die mystery.' M Unfortunately, it ia impoanble. I rnnat go «o Folkestone this afttrnoon, as I hare to meet a. man them thia evening— a very particular appointment abonta chnrcfa window — befora ha atom abroad. Stay, though,- be added, 'it would be noaaible for me to come back by a late train. On eecond thonghta, I aronU raiser not ^n lima tfaa nipfit. OiVB ntt a Biadrfnv '* I banded him the required book. Whfle he vaalooajneonr it, JCddlehm returned. He aaid be bed bean aUonr das'ttpper fiaota: the voone were ererj one locked* and there waa no aign of an; one baring been there the pieriom aright. 'Your imagination must ban been playing jou a trick,' he aaid. '6t01 it waa an odd 4lnng about the photograph.' Duncan left tbe room, takmc tbe book with ton, -rilaee yon again by-emi-by,- he aaid, a- iw departed. ICddleton etayed to help me replace (he jictore which bad aHpped out of tta frame the night before. Half an hour after, we were all twy at oar l«epeuliiu taeka, and bad to a attain extent banished from our minds (he ataange erant which bad happened the night Later in the day, Duncan came in to me ?gain. 'HI teU you what I hare decided on,' be amid. 'I cannot help HJ»K~B that tina ?ujaleiMjua afiair, comhis; at euch a time, and when the family are in euch need, baa eoae tibing to do with the loat pjctore. I don't faow way, but it amounts almost to a conrie ajon. r« made up my mind to eome back eto-ajfht, and will join you hen if yon will aome. If nothing mare »—rt-' - I think we V nay aafdy conclude that it is aome dataakm. An you certain you nereraair that photograph of poor Headline, when looking orer my bookf *I am quite poaitire I nemr aw it, ami oarer looked into your book; in fast 1 nerer knew you bad one m your room. Iameqnauy aulain I newraaw anyone Uke the figura! mat jn«hebau,foritimpree-edmedeapr/. Had I aaen lam or ma pictare hefonTTmoat hare omembmdit. What time ahaD you be tack *ynkbtr « find there is tain which win bong me toObarmc Cross at 1035. IfWii BwaeaW liaia I .mjLt ao be hen by alewja cVloek. I ammaseyonamn*! carats be rasH. alone. WiB you meat neat AelierT ary « Beren, diupr I nflaettd a few mhntsa. 'I deoY warn to lay «laia to any eatm ordinary aatom* *»?!*»*.' » ~d. -ami ff I raaaiikid my fadmatien. I awaaM pnaaaa to neat you ^tihewaor. w«t really, ana after all tfaatlMsocMrfea, jtaueinatoaae tooahaurdto think thatl anoaM be rfraid to enter vae bean for ; fcar of gbbata. ? If it is really, a enner iriiinj wppcwteBf vhicu I torn no^ taViog mya^f BrWbnc, it it ant win eoaw object, aoflldon't'eeo why ene abould amrk it I ahaB employ mynif in m ism vnt9 yon conw, and when you knock I will let you in. I W.rMkaep a ngbt burning fa tbe balL* { 'Ion need net take the trouble to coma down: ' lean let myself in with the latt* key. If. aa wd to mention tub- be added, with . feeble ma«,' far iT I eanu upon you unawares, you sight take me tar the (boat, and do me aome bodily injory- 'So fear of that, old man; you are not a \ hit alike, ao yon may consider yourself aafa for I thi puraaant. WeB. then, at denn, or Aen aboat.Iauaulookfaryai. Ben carry as you ' Traat me for that 7 el' frnenT my 'KSISig uoaeofintanaeesrioaty. WbatUwfllba by aB**y,IwODtTentnretoaay.' Heleftne,andl weat on varking for the reateftbedayinatoleraUy eqaaMe tVame of mmd. Cowarda eisaniac. however I ^^i eonfeastbB.fceliM! of oarveoaena'cane over meandltlvught, after alU Oat ttearraneeineut I had made n rather mnrin. Svan a»|i|iMaiug the whale tame *» hen been adeloaioe. atffl. wim my nerves in tlnii priasat eseitedatate, my rmapnatioo migte phyme aoeha trick as to produce tbe must dMasliuus namin ? IbnantDnpent,bntrherewaa no bdpforfejiKaideV if there were aayobjert ?n Ira aappBHawDos— — And at cocM Dot isitaC ni jnlf to believe Mie contrary— it waa agamfaady. my diacanrit.— Att lie Tear Bomad. 