Miscellaneous. " BOHEMIAN" in the Telegraph says:-" My friend Douglas has oome oat with his address to the oleoton of Darling Downs-and this time there is no mistaking his moaning-es pecially on the subject of dummying-oat I am assured upon excellent authority that he won't stand a ghost of a ohanee. There aro said to bo sovon hundred and forty names on the roll, a majority of whom aro squatters, and they all sympathise so deeply with poor Mr. Wienholt over the recent decision in the Toowoomba Assize Court-that they are de termined to return a friend of the family, in the person of Mr. Graham, to see if he cannot get those decisions reversed in Parliament, or JStophons turned out of office, or a good round sum by way of compensation to Mr. Wienholt for the loss of his land-and a final stopper put upon this malioious and tyrannical prose cution of suspeoted dnmmiers Dy ejecting them from the lands they have aoquired by "a too liberal infcepretation of tho letter of the law." It is bat natural that they should do so, when you oometo think of it, for they are most of tbem in tho same boat, have tho same foe to flight, have the samo interests to maintain. Yet I snould liko to soe Douglas in the House, 1 must admit. I fancy ho has something to. say which wants saying, about several things -something interesting and important-and which cannot bo said with effect anywhere else. .Wo shall BOO what wo shall see, at tho olose of the poll." THE LIQUOR Liw IN NEW YORK.-Tho fol lowing oxtraot from tho Springfield Bepulllean shows a stato of aflaira worthy of imitation, but which could only bo arrived at by suitable legislation s-" Tho Civil Damages Liqujr Law works well in New York whonevor it is tried. A father has recovered two thousand dollars danuigos from a liquor firm in Brooklyn for the intoxication and consequent death of his son. Judge M'Cuc doolarod that the liquor license was no protection to the parti OB, not being a contract on tho part of the State, and that it was not necessary to prove the young man thoroughly drunk, simply signifying the condition proauood by' intoxicating liquors. Judge M'C'ue instructed the jaiy that in the assessment of damages they were free to con sider the expense of funeral and burial, the Erobablo value of tho young man's services to is father up to the ago of twenty-one, and such exemplary damages as they might think proper. '11m Now Y ork law is very striot, and applies equally to thoso who give away liquors as to sellers." 8m BOYI.B AOMN.-Sir Boyle Rocho, of " bull" colobrity, onco sont an amusingly equivocal invitation to an Irish nobleman of bis acquaintance: " I liopc, my lord, if over you oomo Within a mile of my house, that yon'lt stay tlioro all night." When he was Buffering from an attack of gout, he thus rc liukodlnsaliomakor: "Oh, you're n precious blocklioad, to do diroo ly tlio reverse of what I deaired you! I told you to make one of llio shoes largor than tho other, and instead of that you havo muda ono of thom smaller than the other !" THE New York Nation condenses from an English scientific periodicial some interesting speculations of Dr. Alfred Hussell Wallace on the probable antiquity of tho human species. Tliey may well Btartlo, it says, oven those who have long since oamo to the conclusion that 6000 years carry UB but a small way back to the original home. In fact, in Dr. Wallaco's reckoning, 0000 years are but a Jay. Uo re views the various attompts to determine tho antiquity of human romainb or works of art, and finds the bronze ago in Europe to havo boon pretty accurately fixed at 3000 or 4000 yoara ago, the stone age of tho Swiss lake dwellings at 6000 or 7000 years, and indefinite anterior period. The burnt brick found sixty feet deep in tho Nile alluviam indicates an antiquity of 20,000 years; another fragment at seventy-two feot gives 30,000 years. A. human skeleton found at a depth of sixtoon feet below 400 buried forests, superimposed upon oach other, has been calculated by Dr. Dowlor to have on antiquity of £0,000 years. But all these estimates pale beforo those which Kent's cavernay at Torqu legitimates. Here the drip of the stalagmite is tho cliiof factor of computations, giving us an uppor floor which divides tho relics of the last 2000 or 3010 years from a deposit full of other bonos of cxtinct mammalia, indicating an Artio climate. Names cut in the stalagmite more than 200 years ago aro still legible ; in other words, whore the stalagmite is twolvo feot thick, and tho dry still very copious, not more than a hundredth of a foot has boon deposited in two centuries 1 -a rate of fivo foet in 10,000 years. Below ' this, however, we have a thick, much older, and more orystallino (i.e., more slowly for- 1 med) stalagmite, beneath which again, " in a solid broccia, very different from the cave earth, undoubted worke of art have been found." Mr. Wallace assumes only 100,000 years for the upper floors and about 250,000 for the lowor, and adds 150,000 for the im mediate cave-earth, by which ho arrives at the cum of holf-a-million yoara that hare probably elapsed sinoo articles of human workmanship wero buried in tho lowest dopths of Kente cavorn. CiiEAr Libebality.-Dr. Gutherie, in his autobiography, describes an odd oharacter among his Scotch country parisbonera at Arbirlot, " who diod as ho had lived, acurious mixture of bonevolence and folly." Tho lawyor who drew his will, after writing down several legacies of Are hundred pounds to one porson, a thousand to another, and BO on, at lost said, " But, Mr; , I don't believe you havo all that money to leave." "Oh," was the leply, " I ken that as well as you, but I just want to show thom my good will." NEVER GIVE DP : Tar AOAIN.-Petor Cooper failed in making hats, failed as a cabinet-maker, locomotive builder and grocer, but as often as ho failed he " tried again," until he could stand upon his feet alone, then crownod bis viotory by giving a million dol lars to help the poor boys in times to come. Horace Greeley tried throo or four lines of business before he founded the Tribune, and made it worth a million dollars. Patrick Homy failed at everything he undertook nntil he made himself tho ornament of his age and nation. The fonnder of tho New York Herald kept on failing and sinking his money fcr ton years, and then made ono of the most profit able newspapers on earth. Stephen A. Douglas made dinner tables and bedsteads and bureaus many a long year before he made himself a giant on the floor of Congress. Abraham Lincoln failed to mako both finds meet by ohopping wood; failed to earn his salt in the gaily-glare life of a Mississippi flatboatman; he had' not even wit to ran a grocery, and yet he made himself a grand character of the nineteenth centniy. General Grant foiled at everything except smoking cigars; he leaniod to tan hides, bnt could not sell loatber enough to purchase a pair of breeches. A dozen years ago "helmmght up" on top of a wood-pile " teaming it" to town for forty dollars a month, and yet he is at the head of a great nation. I SAD END OP A MEDICAL MAN.-The Wit cannia Timet thus records the death of Dr. Harris, of that town, from a fatal and too prevalent habit, common to the Colonies, and not confined to what some persons are apt to term-the laboring olasses.-It is not without pity, if not regret, that we hare to announce the death of George Bullock Harris, aged 57 years, on Saturday evening last, at the resi dence of Dr. Cotter, Wilcannia. For five or six weeks previous to his death; Dr. Harris was unable to partake of any nourishing food. A little wine, in Maizena gruel, sent to him in his last days by Mi*. Kenavan was all he could manage to touch, and of that ho ato bnt (sparingly. For several months past tho dootor seems to hare abandoned himself to the poisonous offoot of strong waters, to inch an extent that he wss constantly suffering from extreme nervous debility and a constitution broken down beyond all hopes of recovery. A glass of brandy now and then revived him for a brief period, but the roaotion came and found him too feeble to bear up against it. When free from the ono great fault. Dr. Harris was a man very much liked both in Wilcanuia and tho district. He had, daring these intervals, both the habits and tho in stincts of a gentleman. Ho was an inoffensive man, willing at all times to do his best to re lieve the sufferings of othera. .The pity is that a man of his ability and prospects should so recklessly shorten tho duration of his own life. He soemed to bo quite sensible of the inevitible result that must soon follow tho course of life ho was leading ; yet seemed powerless, unfortunately, to stave off the oraving for repeated stimulants, He was buried in Bhe Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, and his remains were followed to their final resting plaoe by many friends who rcgrcttod sincerely his comparatively early death. Sit tibi terra levii. EPITAPH.-A tombstone in a Suffolk church yard bean tho following touohing opitaph : " A little hero lies buried horc, Ho was took away by diarrhesa." HOLLO WAV's Ointmrnt AND PILLS.-Not able Foots.-Intense boat augment tho annoy ances of skin discosa and enconragcs tho de velopment of fcbrille disorders; whorcfore ti.oy Bhould, as thoy may, be removed by these detergent and purifying preparations. In stomach complaiutB, livor affections, pains spasms of tho Dowels, Holloway's unguont well rubbed ovor the affccted part immediate gives tho greatest case, prevents congestion and inflammation, chooks the threatening diarrhea and averts incipient cholera. Tho poorer inhabitants of large cities will find these remedies to bo their best friond when any pcstilenoo rages, or when, from unknown causes eruptions, boils, abscesses, or ulcera tions betoken tho _ presence of taints or im or impurities within tho system, and call for instant and curative medioinoq, "Berkeley,Sept. 1889.-Gentlemen, I fool it a duty I owe to you to oxpress my gratitudo I for tho benefit I have derivodby taking' Nor ton's Camomile Pills.'I applied to your agent, Mr. Boll. Borkeloy, for the above namod Pills, for wind in tho stomoh, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a longth of time, having triod ll earl j-every remedy prescribed, but with out deriving any benofit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuablo Pills, I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for tho benefit of thoso who may thus lie afllieted.-I am, Sir, yours truly HENRY Allfabs.-To tho Proprietors of Non TON'S Cahomilb PILLS." Wholesale Agonts for Queensland, Mossrs, Berkley and Taylor, Wholesale Druggists, Brisbano. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, mado in ono minute without boiling. The above artiolos aro pre pared exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the lar gest manufaaturors in Europe, and sold in tin lined paokots only, by Storekeepers and others all ovor tho world. Stoam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Brugos, Bel gium. 331 IT has been Raid by an omincnt Modical Prac Litionor in Now Orleans, "give me a supply of the14 WIZARD OIL" and " MAOIG PILLS*' and I will go through tho world and cure all tho dis eases llio humansubject in heir to," bo thisaa it may, it is an indisputable fact, that many won Icrful cures have boon effected by those justly 2olebrated medicines. For Headache, whether aick or nervous ; Rheumatism, Lumbago, Pains ind Weakness in the Back, Spino, or Kidneys, Pains (.round the Liver, Pleurisy, Swellings of the Joints, Pains in the Bowels, and for all Ner vous and inflammatory aches and pains, Wea pon's WIZARD Oil will afford immediate case ; ind its continued use for a few days, will effect % perfect cure. 333 MARAVTLLACOCOA.-TATLOB BROTHERS bhelargost Manufactarcrcs of Cocoa in Europe, iiaving tho exclusive supply of this unrivalled CJocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma-S&nativo;, Nutritive ind Sustaining Power-Easiness of Digestion ind especially* high ddicious flavour. One trial Brill establish it as a favorite Beverage for break fast, lunoheon, and, and a Soothing Refresh* inent after a late oveniug, N.B. Caution " MARAVILLA" is a registered Trade Mark. MARAVILLA COCOA.-Tho Globe says, " TaylorBrotbers'MaravUla Cocoahas achieved & thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in tho market. Entire solubility, a doli aate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purost elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids rod Dyspeptics, wecould sot recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Po6t British Medical Journal, &c.t; Ac. HOMOEOPATHrc COCOA.-This original preparation, which hoe attained such a world wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS under the&blest; homaaopatnic advice aided by the skill and experience of the inven tors, and willte found tooombine in an eminent degreo tho purity,fine aroma, and nutritious pro perty of the fresh nut. 