THE BOAltDING-OUT SYSTEM IN snnTr.Awn Now that the subject of the boarding out of destitute children is exciting some adverse com ment, the subjoined extract, appearing in the LivtTVOol Merca.ru. from a rnuort on tha mhinni: by Mr. Daniel ivemp, Governor of the Jsdia buTgh Poorhouse, will be read with intereit:— Mr. Kemp writes : — ' I have been Governor of the Edinburgh City Poorhouse for 18 years, having been for the previous 12 years Master of an English Workhouse. The system of boarding out was first acted on in this parish in 1846, and having proved a complete success has been followed ever since. When I came to my present position in January, 1857, I oan assure you I felt the greatest disappointment when I found that tbe children were not reared in tho house. I then thought the plan of boarding out must be a mistaken one, and did not hositate to say so. But after going occa sionally with the Inspector on some of his rounds 1 saw the children iu their homes and schools, and after watching the working of the system I have been led to the conclusion that the plan pursued here is the best for pauper children. We bavo on the average 300 children boarded out, not with friends or relations, but with care fully -selected, respectable cottagers in the sir rounding villages; and having seen this going on now for upwards of 18 years, I havo great pleasure in assuring you that tho children thus reared do not return to pauperism, but morgo into tbe industrial aud rural population. There is paid for the board of each child about 3s. par week, and, in addition, wo furnish clothing (which is not a uniform, and has no stamp), and pay for school-books, fees; and any medical relief. The total annual co3tof eaoh child is about £10. [In contrast to this it may be men tioned that at a meeting of the Guardians of the City of London Union, February 9, 1875, it was stated, that each child belonging to that Union in the district schools cost 14s. 5d. por week, or £37 per annum; that is nearly as much as four of the Edinburgh children.] The chil dren are visited by the Inspector ia charge of them at regular and irregular intervals. Ho pays their board eight times a year. During the summer the Managers or Guardians, in parties of three or four at a time, and without nstice sent, \isit the children at their oottago homes and schools, and thus by personal iu Bpectiou see that all is well. My own impression is that tho success vrkich bos followed tho boardieg-out syatom is intimately connected wLhthis systematic and persistent iQ*pootion. No 'Oliver Twist' can arise when such closo inspection is regularly followed out. You aro awaro that a kind of bo.irding-out system was to tome extent attempted in England in former years, but through w&nt; oi inspection on th) part of these charged with tho well- bsing of tho children the system was abused, aud bunco failed. It must surely bo tbe ghost of this defunct system that is haunting Mr. Tufnell, and which has led him to cry out so loudly against the plan so long and so successfully followed here, but of which he* evidently knows little.' The Committee to whom tho report was pre sented add:— 'It may be remarked that boarding out has been found to be just as successful in various parts of England as iu Scotland. In the few instances where it has failed this has been in consequence of a want of provision for regular or frequent inspection. Where many children are boarded out in a dis trict a paid officer or Inspector is desirable in addition to a voluntary Committee of Visitors.' The Mercury says : — ' As to Scotland, it may also be observed that, collaterally with tho adoption of the boarding-out system, pauperism in general has diminished. In 1869 the number of paupers in receipt of parish relief was 105,000. In 1874 it was only 90,000, although, meanwhile, the population has increased from 3,062,000 to 8,360,100. ? 