GENTLE ANNIE. FRbM OUR XMAS BUD3ET. By H. IV. H. STEPHEN. ' (Continued from Yes e day ) The speculation whioh hah arisen as zuo announcement of her approaohtng advent did cot by any means ceaso on tho .arrival of Misa Annie Box. Various conjectures as to her personal apposrauuo uiu uuuu i"»i ««« all had agreed that the conUl not possibly bo othor than hard foatnred, if not iodeud aotn- ally ngly. Gnois iho astonlshmont i f tho gentry socombled under tho verandih of tho Reefers' Arme, when Box's buggy drove up ono fine afternocn, and from itaiightid tho very prettiest girl any of thom romombersd ever to havoceoni Of fairy7llke proportions, with tiny h»nds and feat, dark brown hair oar- ling naturally, largo dark oyes.and a bowlldor- inc noso and month, she transcended tho wil ds- 1 drosmi oi tho mo3i p tio youth oa tbo dippings. Allan's Flat had never aeon tuoh beauty, and Allan's Flat fell down and wor shipped it at once. On ono point all wore unanimous : let old Box eay what he miga, thiB neorltss crea ture could bo no daughter of hir. It was commonly supposed that he had stolon hor from come p ople u£ rank aed fortune, as her every geatu e betrayed birth and b-ooriing. No: 'to keep tho red r in tuspmco, wo will at onoo stato that Allan's Flat wra wrong. Rho was indeed tho daughter of S'.ringv.birk Fox; though how mob a ie at vi- 1 of beauty o.nld owe ita birth to suoh | an extremely ill favo-ed party as the wnnhv Inks psr. is ono of t o o my-ts les with i which D msNatn.e dVighis to bs vildur us inoitals. Tu give Box his dno. ho had fully j xecognin-d his duty :-s a 'a'hor, and had, though tho separation psined him not a littlo | at tho timo, sent her :o a fiist class boarding sohool in Sydnoy at ttie earliest winon it was p tssible to procuira her admission, and left her there ovor since; satisfied with ooossional letters from h-r sohoo'mistross and horeolf, and novcr Eooklng to soo her. lest be should brlng diigrcoa upon hor in the eyes of htr sohool follows. ' ' ' Poor Utile Annio know very littlo of her father or his occupation, Sho know ho was not a" gentleman ; lint tkora her knowlodgc stopped, and iki misery shi endured when she received a letter summoning her to his side ai d acquainti-g hc-r with his present ocqupa ijn. and snob pirlions of his past career as she would inevitably learn on her arrival nt iho Flat, oompletely dofies descrip tion. She wopt ti'l sho could woep no mora ; and thou, liko the bravo lit' la soul sho was, braced herself to meet her fate, and deter mined to do hor duty in the station appointed h-r We will pars ovor hor mooting with hor fUhor. It wiis not a p easant one, and was never recarrid to by either. By tho lime she arrived at tho publichonse, Annie was prepared for anything ; bat tho magnificently picturesque ocenory and the novelty of a diggings soon for tbo first timi, fortunately prevented hor from indulging in u o'oss disgust at her future homo. On aligh log from tbo huggy, sho was sur rouoded b,- a crowd of man and womon, all oager to show their sympathy f r tbo atrancor. A loz'in hands were stretohoi out to help her de60cnd, and there waB a dispute ovor 6aah artialo of her liiggige ; so desirous wrs ovoryoue to show good will to tho litt'o hotuty. Tho girls em ployed ia the h uto wore kindly disposed to uer ; though it inuit bo adm'tted that her irait beauty bad ox i'ol m.mentsry papas of envy o i the p ri o! sou o o! their. Atnie woa tu prised totoe so maay of tLom. and and' still moro surprised at tteir you h and j good looks Sho did not know a: tho time lint tbesi Inst woro icdhp nsablc qmlifica- (ion ia their lino <f builuors. However, they wore all kind to her ; and, as sho went to bed that night, aha wa olliaod to ooufers that existonoo at Allan's Fi it aid not apoear to be so uttor'y unendurable as sho had at first thought it wonld bo. Bat she had to undergo a great trial the following evening ; when the found that sbo was expootod to attire herself in ovonlng oostumo and tit in tbn parlor, ready todar.oa with anyone that oh-.so to as': her. Hor partners hitherto had boen gentleraon, at tired in faultlessly fashlonablo aosbumo and wearing irrsproaohab'e gloves ; and It was indeed hard for her to stand cp and dance with a digger in his w.rkiug costume and frel hor dulionte little hand crnshed npin his hng horny palm, liu', to hor surprise, she disoovored that the rongll iligger could oom- port 1 imrelf with as muoh reqard tn deoornm as tho mo«tsnporlino dondy of hor acquaint ance; and, though h's conversation might not bo of the rela'ive merits of Verdi and Gonnnrl, still it possessed tho obarm, in that it impllod a dlreot interest in the snbjeot, al- toethorforoicn to tho fade roiundcriogiol fcho blase man ahonfc town. . » » During tbo day, her duty ooneirtaa In gonoral auporinlendcnos of tbo houso And and kpoping tbo books of tho sfcoro ftnd tho inn ; hut each ovning sho was obliged to attend la tbo bill room ; and,althmch habit in great part roooncilod hor «o tho ir.fllotion of danciog with men frodi from their work >nd h'a ine its marks npon thoir bands and rlohso, atill sHo oould not help hat'n the Hfe and praying for a reliof from Its dreary monotony. Her worst trial was tbo bring occasionally oompollod to listen to coarao and brutal laDgaag-j from snch casfcomors qr drink had rendorod oblivious tn the roitrainfe now generally conoodod aa neoe8?ary in the pro=oo of "Gentle Annie " Oa ono suoh occasion a comnie cial traveller, who. after tho manner of tbo inf>»r'or class of such gentry, regardoil himself /ns a littlo king amongst uncivilised svagas. porsisted in using improoer l.anca'g'. notwithstanding the warnings 'he reoeived from his corn- panlons to behsvo himself 'bettor before Indies; and Annie was horrified to; see Yankee Bill stop coolly over to the offender and afcrikB him a terrific blow between tho eyes, whioh felled him to the earth as if ho had been shot. Bill then drew out a re volver, and swore a deep oath that he would put, a bullet into the first man that uso bad lapguogo in that room while he was present. Drunk &3 he w»s, the commercial gentle man concluded that it was 11 bettor to boar those ills fio had than fly to others that ho knew not of," and so quiotly repaired to bod and was off and away in the early morning ; and 'Allan's Flat know him no more. Amongst tho frequontors of tho inn, Annio roon singled out a certain young man as being raoge olosely allied to the class with wbioh sho had hitherto associated He had never disclosod his real name, but tbo inhabitants of tho Fiat had no' difficulty in furbishing him with a title, and he was soon known far and wido as V Gentleman Johnny." Ho was a young' man of prepossessing apnearanoe, and bore a good character for steadiness, nod diligence ; though it was generally conceded that ho wts the' most unlncky individual in tho no:ghborho>id. Work how ho might, nothing seemed to prosper with him, and bo was always poor. He had boon prospecting until his food failed him, but had never struck anything favorable, and now he was working on wag:a in oro of tho claims on the Flat. After a fow weeks' acquaintance with Annie, he ooiificlod hi Btory to hor. and she then loarned that her surmises wore oor« root, and that ho was indoed a gentleman. He badbeeo. ho .told her, educated for the Bar. but his fabo, a London merchant, had snddinly failed, and so he haddttcrminol to try his fortano in Austrelia. As the realer, lus, no doubt, snrmnod, the.e two young peoplo fell iu 1 ye with one another, and aftr a ' imo - Annie oonfo'Bei tlio state of thiugs tn her father and askedhis con- 1 sent 'to their union. That worthy gentleman laughed in her face and told her openly, that her beauty made her of too much value to be partod with so easily, and that, too, to suoh a pau per as Gentleman Johnny. Annie refrained from entreaty, as she bad long ago discovered that sho possessed little or no influence over her father Long ab- sonco had weakened tho tio betwoSd them, and Anoie htd soon ceased to feel either love or respeot for a man whose brntal and dlsh'onost nature betrayed itself in a thousand ways. As for tho worthy Box, ho was by no means destitute of peroeptlou, and had lonj flu- ooroed the faeliogs with which hw daughter regardod him, In his turn, be gradually grow to dleliko her, and so at last ho de termined to got rid of her, to tho boataa- vantsgs possible. . For ill's reason was fcko lottory sbkorao de vised, and Annie hsd beon broaght to oon- sent to it by the rofiootion that any obango of masters wonld bo for tho bottor. More over, loa secret o insnltstion with Gentle mm Jobnny, she had pointod c-ut to him toat his own personal popularity _ would go far to aesu-o him thecoasent to bis msiriage with hor from tho mm who Bhonld win her. Acoordlng to tho terms of the rsfile, she was to bo ai the abBolnto (matrimo nil) diepoBal of tho winner ; bnt to proteot hor oharaotor sbawasnot to bs rf qui red to leave her father's house except for the nltar. And now lot us return to Yankeo Bill. The first snpply of drinks had been fol lowed by others, and both Bill nnd his mate wore getting pretty lively, whoa a very strange lo -king individual joined them. As tho new com' r is tho real h-ro of this story the reader is requested to take special note nf h m Ho w a a abort, akont built man, with fixod, immovab'o features, and a stohy glare in his eyee. riis hair was grizzled, and he wore a long shaggy board and- moustaches. The whole app 'uronoe of tho man denoted a nature at war wi'h his kinl. His o. a tamo was cooentria, being in the miin oomposoiof bnllookV hide. His tremors were hide,' and hls uppor garmout, (otherwise Indeserlb- ablr) ditto ; on ,his head he wore a oap made of the akin of a t'ger o»t, and ronud his waist was the skin' of a large tiger snake, whioh was ms'de to serve ss a belt; '.This indlvidnal was. In digging phrnsshlog'y, a "batter." that is to say, he workod a olaim alone, withont partners or other nssistanac. Nothing was known of bis antecedents, and bis visits to the township w< re so rare that most of tho inhabitants ecaroely romomberod his existence. As a man of mystery, be was not withont interest to the ourious ; bnt ho so persistently ar.d rudely declined any and all invitations to fami'iar intoroourso, that he was soon suffered to go his own way'nndis- turbed. Pnblio rumor had it, that he had committed n murder, and was perpetually hanntod by the ghost of bis vlotim ; and gra dually this idea gained ground, and he was shunned, fearod, and hated by all the inha bitants, Gcorgo Grimston, for so he oalled himself, had seen Annie on ono or two ocos- sions of lato, and had gazed upon her with a strong onriosity. whioh made her nndomfort- able ; though she did not share in the popnlar belief regarding him, being too good-hearted to believe tuoh ill of a fellow creature on tho faith of a rumor. Yankeo Bill no sonnur ssw the new oomer than ho beoarae:' inspired by a desire to take a ri»e out of him. " Good ovoning, Mr. Grimnton," he began, "hsv yon oomo down to the township to invest in oat'lo.f Thar's a Hkely ryoung heifer to be ruffled hnro this very night," and he pointed to the no'ioe on tho wall. Grimston deigned no reply, bnt his eyes followed the indicating finger, and he fairly started when bo read th announcement. What 1" said he, is this business ri aUy in oontomDlation ?" "Thatitair.old.hoBB,." was the reply, "so you better speoulate in a ticket, I guess you'll winu the gal, you've got seoh a winnin' way with yor." " This sally oansod o general lanoh sT'- """ whioh Grimston walked 'bp to tho notice read it attentively through; then tarZint round and walking up to the bar he ralii out a greasy leather bag frota his hU.? ipookot, and extrioating from It a £10 n f and laying it on the counter, with a dnmt!?i ' that he might bo enrolled as a compntltr, "Hello!" said Yankee Bill,..!;/' really, goln' in, old boy? My! Butyon'l'l makea roaly pooty lovyer I Ho ! ho i ho, 5 At this jnaatare several more entered their names, nnd Box shortly uftorannouncod nl ! 1,10 hat ryd 'isassrstg Flat was to be f.,und in tlio h. n® room of Box's Hotel that ovenln"' Tho news that Gentlo A»-nie was to ho Holy disposed of by raffle had created ,, "' small excitement In the little townshin . »"? It is bnt just to stato that , the most notnrleT roughs reprobated tho conduct of tho n ' daughter"1 Cmmisaftratod ilia un'orfuuato Nevertheless, anoh i. the perversity of human nature, there had been no diffie.,1. In filiiog np the list, and that so rapidly ral old Box seorotly ouraed his fatuity in n s , having put a higher prioo upon his "evidently valnable (laughter. . y Harry had borrowed sufficient mocov tn pay for two chances ; and.' in addltionf felt tolerably oortara that a'l but two nf the com petftors would resign iu his favor, if th, ohanoed to win. , " The two ho was nht certain of were n„. old friend Yankee Bill and Grimston Win, the former ho had bnt slight acqaaintanoo having hitherto avoided him as ' a notorious gambler nnd suspected oardshnrper with the latter he, in oommon with half the in. ' habitants, had never exchanged a word ' and ho< secretly prayed that ncithor of thesn two might havo the lnok to win (To be continued). 