ROMAN CATHOLIC PRELATES AT LONGFORD. v ' ' We have been requested to publish the following from a correspondent of the Chronicle The quiet little township of Longford has been roused from its accustomed state of lethargy by the presence of such distinguished visitors as the archbishop of Sydney, the Bishop of Hobart Town, and the Very Rev. Dr. Colletti, who have been the guests of the Rev. J. J. McKernan since last Thursday. The principal object of the Bishop's visit was to confer the Sacrament of Confirmation on such of the congregation as had not yet received that grace. At half-past ten on Sunday morning all who were prepared to the number of thirty assembled at St. Augustine's Church. At eleven o'clock the distinguished prelates were received at the door of the church by the rev. pastor, and conducted to their respective thrones within the sanctuary. The Bishop then proceeded to examine the younger portion of the candidates in order to ascertain if they had acquired the requisite knowledge of Christian doctrine to fit them for the reception of the sacrament. The examination being ended, Dr. Colletti celebrated Missa Cantata, after which His Lord- ship addressed those about to be confirmed explaining the nature of the sacrament and its effects upon the soul by the reception of the Holy Ghost, and how I necessary it was, in these days especially, when infidelity is so rampant, that all should avail themselves of the strengthening grace of this sacrament. The Bishop then conferred the sacrament, and when the recipients had retired to their places, again addressed them, exhorting them to be ever careful to guard the precious faith which it was their blessed privilege to possess to be zealous in the discharge of every Christian duty; and to keep inviolably all the commandments of God, for the violation of any one was sufficient to bring down his wrath. His Lordship also took the opportunity of complimenting the zealous pastor on his energetic labors in the cause of religion, and specially alluded to the purchase of the presbytery and the burial ground, and the many other necessary improvements effected during the short space of twelve months and the congregation for their hearty co-operation in his efforts on their behalf. He then dismissed them with his episcopal blessing. 1 The evening service was conducted by the rev. pastor. The Rev. Dr. Colletti preached an eloquent and instructive sermon, taking for his text " Know you not that you are now the temple of God, and the Holy Spirit dwelleth in you ?" After the service, the benediction was bestowed by Father McKernan, On Monday evening, His Grace the Archbishop, His Lordship the Bishop, and the Rev. Dr Colletti left by train for Launceston. Feb. 24, 1875. ? ' 