TfllES MP SKETCHES. iT WAS THE KIND WORD THAT SAVED HIM. The omnibus stopped, and a young man entered. He did not look more than twenty years of age. Glances were exchanged between three or four gentlemen and ladies, from each ol •whom the young man received a very cold nod. There was not so much as the ghost of a smile 011 any one of their faces; but rather austere reproof. The new passenger flushed a little at finding so many persons in the omnibus with •whom he had some acquaintance, and all disposed to let him feel that he must Iceep at a distance. He sat down close beside a lady who had recognised him ; but she did not address him a single word, and rather turned away from than towards him, " A pleasant morning," the young man said to the lady. •"•Quite pleasant-" She did not so much as turn her liead, but drew herself up with the air •of one who felt the remark as un intrusion. The young man said no more, hut •sat very still, with a gradually clouding face, and a severe, nlmost desperate •expression passing into his tightly •closed lips. " Conversation, which had been checked by his entrance, flowed un again. The gentlemen and ladies talked cheerfully together-; but no one addressed a remark to the young man, who it uns evident had some taint of bad conduct about him, which now raised a barrier between him and former friends and acquaintances. _ T-he -omnibus stopped again, and this time a lady passenger entered. She nodded and smiled to most of those who had recognised the young man, and then, taking a seat beside him and •offering her hand,-which he too,;, said, in a kind, interested voice— " How do you do, Charles ?" The warm blood mounted to the boy's face—he was only a boy, yet, unfortunately, with a man's freedom and self-confidence—as he answered— . ". Very well, Mrs Elder ; thank you." His eyes filled suddenly with light, «nd his rigid lips parted with a smile as soft and gentle as a woman's. The other passengers, who had -cut" the young man, exchanged surprised and questioning glances. " You haven't called to see me for «ome time, Charles," 6aid the lady. ** How is this ? Old friends must not be wholly set aside for new ones." I have been neglectful, and I am ashamed of it, Mrs Elder," he replied, end in a way that showed the young aian to be gratified by the manner in which the lady had addressed him ; <l and I'm going to call very 600n." " How soon ?'' •* This week, sometime," " Why not say this evening ? I shall be at home." "This evening, then, if it will be «£reeable, Mrs Elder." " That's right. It will be pleasant for me to see your face again in my bouse, Charles. You mustn't neglect me so again, even if I am becoming an old woman. I shall grow jealous of your younger and more attractive friends." " There is no occasion for you to be jealous of. any of my young friends, Mrs Elder. They can never take your place in mv heart-—never!" The young man said this with evident feeling; then adding, as he arose— Good morning; I must leave you here.'" , And' he made u sign for the couductor to stop the omnibus. "Good morning, Charles,'' said the lady, kindly giving her hand at the same time. "And don't forget that I am at home this evening." "J shall not forget that, Mrs Elder, you may. be sure," he said, without even glancing towards the other passengers who had treated him so coldly. A lady turned to Mrs Elder and «'» « very grave countcnance— Are. yeu a ware bow badly that be self "of late"" e " conductin S liicn "I have heard some things about htm, was replied, "that cause mt great pain." " Why, he was seen actually staggering ini the street no later than last week •» said the lady, in virtujus indignation, " Poor boy 1" Mrs Elder spoke, in a tone of deep pity. " And worse than that 1 He has been seen in company with persons ol notoriously vicious habits. The fact is, he is going to ruin as fast as his Jeet can carry him." "I hope not," replied Mrs Elder. He may have gone astray from weakness—poor, motherless boy!—not, I am sure, from an evil disposition. And now is the time to put forth a hand t i save him, instead of pushing him off coldly. Are all without sin—all without some sal memory of straying that we visit a boy's first evil wuya with such stem, repelling displeasure V' Conduct like his," spoke up a gentleman, " must be met with disapprobation. If you smile upon him, and tolerate him as of old,he will think his sin a light one; but if he discovers at once that he must lead a good life, or forfeit the approval and society of the virtuous, he will be made fully aware^ at the outset, of the loss or gain involved. I think, to speak freely, Mrs Elder, that you did wrong to meet him in the free, kind way that you did, and invite him to visit you as of old." "Do you think an evening spent with me likely to make him worse or better ?" asked Mrs Elder. Not worse, certainly," was answered. Yet he might spend the evening in company with those who could not fail to do him harm." " Yes." " I want no other argument in favor of what I have done. It is in the quality of social life which surrounds a young man that we must Jook, in the mnin, for the causes of liis elevation or depress m, Ii, on account of'.a single wrong slop—or many wrong steps— taken in the blind heat of youth, we thrust l.im out from viruous associations, do wo nut make his return tu right paths a thousand times more difficult ? Depend upim it, these wandering ones can hi reclaimed much easier by the attractive force of lovingkindness «han by the stern visitation of penalties which they may feel as disproportionate to the evil thing done." * " He can never visit my house as .if old," said another of the ladies in the omnibus,' speaking in an indignant manner. "The last time 1 hud company, he was there, and became so much intoxicated during the evening as to annoy everyone. I was really mortified at his conduct." It was on the lip of Mrs Elder to say, that she trusted the lady would keep to her resolution j but she forbore. As Charles Tilden, the young man : to whom we have referred, was going home in the evening, he met a young friend, who greeted him warmly. "I was just thinking of you, Charley," he siiid, as they stood with clasped hands. There's to be some Sport to-night, and you must enjoy it with the re.-t." What kind of sport?" asked Tilden. " Billiards first, and oysters and champagne ufionvard—all just in your line." " Wiio make up the party }" "Harrison, lleed, and Colton, for three. Fine fellows, as'you can testify." Tilden was about yielding his assent to join the party, when he remembered his promise to call and see Mrs Elder. Then there arose a debate in his mind as to which he should forego. The visit could be paid to Mrs Elder on almost any evening; but this convivial party must be joined to-night, or not at all. The temptation to break his promise was strong. He liked billiards ; and oysters and wine were strongly alluring to his sensual appetites. Still he could not satisfy his mind that it would fte right to break his promise to Mrs Elder, particularly as she appeared to be the only one of many friends and acquaintances who had not grown suddenly cold to him. As to the reason of this change he -was not in ignorance. He knew that he was " getting s little astray," as he mildly termed it; but flattered himself that any serious danger was remote; and was rather more indignant than repentant at the mortifying " cuts" which he had received from certain people who had once given him freely the entrie of their houses. " I believe." said he, after standing silent for a few moments, that I am engaged for this evening." " I am sorry for that, Charles/' replied the other, in a tone of regret. " Wbal is (he engagement ?" to-night.' "Oh! is that all? • Hang r s p. s company! That is what I call rich." Mrs Elder and the mother of Cliarle s had been friends in girllmud, ;ind thei friendship had continued a clusel' are now writing, retained a vivid : i — niniDuuiGUI | aSection toward Mrs Elder. H her with a kind of filial love ; always seemed nearer to the one when by her side. Now, tl speech of his young friend, ine producing the effect designed, v wholly in the opposite direction Charles felt shocked at hearing the name of Mrs Elder spoken so irre- Elder,'' he answered, firmly. " No! You're not such a foo that." said the other, coarsely. ''Yes. Just such a fool, if I," replied Charles Tilden. " _r.l is passed to Mrs Eder, ai shall not be broken." view, came vividly to his i "Thank Heaven, tliit 1 have suffi resolution to say no. I do not: the way very safe for my feet, than already have | slipped in > way—slipped and fallen into mire." And he drew a deep breath, with a sense of relief. ( To be concluded in our next.) 