Yesterday's Services at the Pro Cathedral. There was a large attendance at St. John's pro-Cathedral yesterday morning, it being generally understood that the Bishop would on that occasion preach his first sermon in Brisbane. His Lordship, accompanied by the rector, entered the church by the western door, and was preceded to the sanctuary by a procession formed by the vergers and choristers. Morning prayer was read by the Rev. J. Sutton, rector of the church. The first lesson for the day was taken from Isaiah xxx., and the second from Revelations iv. The anthem, one of Wahuisley's, was taken from the 1st verse of the 95th Psalm, lt was announced that on Tuesday next, being St. Thomas' day, there would be an ordination service in that church, and that there would be service on Saturday next (Christmas Day) at Eleven a.m. The Bishop, having entered the pulpit, prayed in the words of the collect for the day, "0 Lord raise up (we pray Thee) Thy power and come among us, and with great might succour us; that whereas, through our sins and wickedness, we are sore let and hindered in running the race that is set before us, Thy bountiful grace and mercy may speedily help and deliver us through the satisfaction of Thy Son Our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be honor and glory, world without end, Amen." The text was taken from I Cor., vii. and part of the 29th verse : " The time is short." His Lordship said St. Paul, in this portion of his epistle, is setting before those to whom he addresses his letter, and to all of us, and to all Christians in all time, the necessity for what is called setting loosely to the world that is striving day by day to loosen their ties and those bonds by which we are attached to the things of this world to the detriment of our affection for the things of the world to come. He starts by setting before us the necessity of estimating everything in this world as if it were nothing in comparison to the concerns of the world to come. The dearest affections and strongest passions of this world were to be overcome by the things of eternity, and by the nearness of the Master's coming. Those who wept were to be as though they wept not; those who rejoiced as though they rejoiced not; those that bought as though they possessed not for, says the A postle, " The fashion of this world passeth away." What are these things ? they are here to-day and gone to- morrow. Why should they tie our affections down to this mortal life? It is precisely the same lesson that the Apostle teaches in the Epistle for to-day : " The Lord is at hand. Do careful for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God." Now, as a mere question of what the mind of man is capable, and whether it is or is not possible for a man to be indifferent to the things of this world, even to the things he has most loved, let us take an instance, There have been many men who have gone hearts and souls into the things of this world, lived has thorn and toiled for them. But when old age and sickness has crept upon them, they have ceased to have any enjoyment in those things for which they have striven all their lives and because they know it is useless to try and got any gratification from them they become, indifferent to themselves are as nothing to them ; but from a very different cause to that which influences the Christian's mind. The former have found the tyranny of the things of the world, and sometimes they not only become indifferent to them, but have a sort of resent- ment against them because for so long they have beguiled them, and have at last secured and left them helpless. If this indifference! can be acquired without the hope beyond the grave, what may not be the case with many of us who, I trust, have this hope. How easy lady we think the injunction that we should think of all these nearest, closest, dearest ties as nothing. The most powerful passions should be overcome and subjected to the blessed hope of life and immortality, and because the Lord is at hand. These are thoughts which this season of Advent ever brings to our minds. How it binds us together all over the world to think that this day these thoughts are being pressed upon the minds of tens and hundreds of thousands of members of the Church to which we helling' Let us have these thoughts, and cherish the blessed hope and expectation of the advent of our blessed Lord and Master. All these special means that are used to draw our hearts and affections to heavenly things are needful to the very utmost extent, for naturally we are disinclined to thoughts of this kind. Those who are in health and strength, and in the enjoyment of this world, feel it hard to think that they must prepare to leave all, prepare for their change, prepare to meet their God, who has given them all these things to enjoy, and will hereafter require an account of the manner in which they have used them. It is hard, I say, for men in general to think 1911-12 those things, and on the nearness of eternity. I suppose there are none among you but know you need a preparation ; but I fear there are many who still put it off from time to time. You are too well aware of habits you have con- trasted which you know ought to be mended, duties you have omitted and know you ought to perform, if you were duly and rightly preparing yourselves to meet your God. But yet, if human nature is the same here as elsewhere, many among you are putting off' this preparation. Why put it off, why procrastinate, why delay 1 Because of that tempter who is going about now as heretofore, up and down in the world, seeking whom he may devour ; because, whenever the thought comes to you : Now I will begin my religious life in earnest; now I will prepare for the world to come the templer says: Do 11 little more of this business which is so sweet to you, see a little more of these games you love so greatly, and by-and-by you can carry out your intention to give yourself wholly and thoroughly to God, and begin a religious life in earnest. That is the voice of the deceiver, and within himself there is an inclination that makes the poor sin- nor readily beguiled and ready to go 011 in his own way, thinking that by-and-by he will do something altogether different, to an earnest man of God, and become prepared for the call. How does he know when the call may come ? How does he know it will not come the very next night after his resolutions to do better? is not God continually calling upon us to prepare at once, telling us that that day cometh as a thief in the night; that our life is but as a vapor, a wind, a smoke, a flower of the field 1 What are all these figures meant to teach ; what do they signify except that our life is most uncertain and rapidly passing away, and that we have no security of it for one single hour, let alone a day. Do not we see people dying in the midst of health, and people say, " What a sudden death? he was taken away without warning." Who was ever taken away without warning ? A man says it of his neighbor, but he takes no warning himself, and imagines that he has had no warning, little thinking that he may be taken as his neighbor has been. The time is short. What a great work we have to do, and how little time to do it in. I am dealing with those who are delaying, putting off, procrastinating. I am saying nothing to those who think they have no need of preparation, or who are so indifferent that they do not care; the question of turning them away from their error is a different one. Think of the beautiful parable of the Virgins. Who were they who were shut out 1 Were they persons hardened, indifferent, thinking they had no need of preparation 1 On the contrary, they had the firmest resolution to be prepared, and so earnest was their determination that when the time came, and they were not prepared, they could scarcely believe it, Not until they had knocked at the door and been refused, could they realise the fact that they had been found unprepared. Oh, let not such be the case with you, so that when the Master cometh he may find you watching and waiting. If any ask : How are we to know that we are fully prepared ? There are none prepared. We are to be perfect, even as our Father in Heaven is perfect. We have that to aim at, and we are to be toiling and striving all our life through, with that in view. We are to be found with our loins girt, our shoes on our feet, and our staff in our hand, watching and waiting for the Lord. And though such persons know there is much before them to which they have not attained, and though they know that in them there are many sons and much guilt, yet the Lord, when he comes, finds them watching and waiting, and striving, that they may be ready, so in that sense he finds them watching, and prepared in that sense, though unprepared in themselves, except through His goodness and mercy. These, as I said before, are Advent thoughts, that come to us all with this season. But there are other reasons why we should think of the shortness of time. You may well imagine that I, who have just come to this fund, knowing the work to be done, knowing of the souls in all parts of the country, perishing for the lack of knowledge, and thinking also how many there are in the midst of the best privileges our religion others who still turn a deaf ear, and go ones if there were no world to come, and no God to be worshipped seeing, fouling, and knowing the greatness of the work before ino, should still have before my mind the thought the time is short. While we are delaying, wondering what we shall do, and how to do it, Binds are passing away from all these privileges, and from, these things which might be to the saving of their souls if put within their reach. There is one other matter to which I wish to call your attention. On Tuesday next, by God's blessing, there is to be an ordination in this church. You have- heard the prayer used that is ordered to be used for these days? Ember days, as they are called flask you to continue to use that prayer, and to lift up your supplications day after day, that not only he who is to be called to a higher office in the ministry, may be endued with grace and the heavenly benediction, but that all who labor in this land may have the Spirit of God resting upon them, and that, feeling the time is short and the work is great, they may be continually laying themselves out to save souls, and praying God that, if it be his will, they may see some fruit of their labor in this life, and that, whatever His will on that point may be, they may find souls for their hire in God's kingdom that is to come. Evening prayer was said by the rector, who afterwards preached, taking as his text, Job ii., 9, 10. 