Northern Territory Items. INDECENT ASSAULT.— On Monday, June 7th, at the Police Court, Palmerston, Emanuel Gasper, a Malay, was charged with committing an indecent assault on Alice McGuire, a matron of the hospital, by getting into her bed on the night of Sunday, the 6th June. Mr. Smith for the prosecution, commented on the peculiar circumstances of the case, in so far that attention had been publicly called to the lonely position in which Mrs. McGuire was placed by the action of the Government.—The circumstances of the case are these: Mrs. McGuire retired to bed at about 9 o’clock on Sunday night, with her baby. Her husband had stayed with her until lately, but had been prevented by the order of the Government Resident to keep in barracks. About two hours after retiring she felt something shaking the bed, the mosquito net being tucked in. She thought it was her husband, but on turning round found the prisoner’s hands were under her back, his body under the net, and his knees on the bed. She saw who it was, as there was sufficient light from the dormitory, were a light was burning. Having caught him by one of his hands and his beard, she forced him on the floor and battered his head on it till he spoke. He said, “Oh, missus, I was dreaming; I thought I was getting in my own bed.” She then went to Allen, who was sleeping in the dormitory. He got up immediately, and from what Allen said, she dressed herself and children and came to the Police station in Palmerston. In reply to a question from his Worship, she stated the door was not shut; she never shut the door. William Henry Allen, laborer, stated that he worked for the Government at the Hospital, and slept there. He turned in about half-past 9, and was awoke about two hours after by hearing a noise and saw prisoner going past his mosquito net. Asked him what he wanted, and he said matches. He then went into the veranda. Afterwards he came through again and went in the direction of the passage. The next thing he heard was Mrs. McGuire saying, “Oh, you wretch.” Listened and stopped till she came and told him the Malay had been into her bedroom. On asking him what he meant by going into Mrs. McGuire’s bedroom, he said “Oh, I dream; all a dream.” He was wide awake. P. T. Stretton arrested the prisoner and cautioned him. Prisoner stated he did not know what he was doing; he did not intend to do any harm. Committed to take his trial next Circuit Court, at Palmerston. Mining Intelligence.—A crushing of 28 tons of stone, from the Alexandra Claim, has yielded 5¾ ounces to the ton. Ayliffe and Co. have obtained from their claim between the Union and Union Extended, 66 ounces of gold from 19½ tons of stone and, No. 3, north Union, 37 ounces from 23 tons. Gold is expected from Telegraph and Standard, Pine Prospectors’ and Scott’s batteries, Union, in time for transmission by the steamer. It is feared that the crushing for the Extended Union (Bismarck) will not be down in time. CAPTURE AND DEATH OF A CHINESE BUSHRANGER. —On Tuesday night, May 12th, a little after ten o’clock, Palmerston was in a slate of commotion, caused by the news, which spread like wildfire, that Ah Kim had been shot. There were many who were loth to believe it, but it was too true. He was found by the two constables—Charles and James Miller—on a paper-bark tree at the bottom of the gully opposite the O.T. quarters, and in attempting to get away when called upon to surrender, was shot dead by Charles Miller. An inquest was held on the following day, at which the Jury after retiring for about ten minutes returned the following verdict:—“The said Ah Kim came to his death from a gunshot wound, inflicted by Constable Charles Archibald Miller—that no blame whatever is attributable to the constable for firing on an escaping prisoner, the act being justifiable homicide.” On Monday last, June 21, about three o’clock, a small vessel was seen beating up the Bay, which proved to be the long-expected little steamer Darwin, 14 days out, from Endeavour River, including two and a half days’ stay at Cape York. She left Melbourne on the 17th of last December, calling at Sydney, Newcastle, Brisbane, Clarence River, Rockhampton, and Cooktown, where she stayed two months. Between Melbourne and Cooktown she was on the water 30 days. The master of the Darwin has been very ill nearly the whole of the voyage, and is now in Palmerston Hospital. Ten men in all came round in her, eight of whom are bound to the reefs. It is stated that there are 100 people in Cooktown anxious to get around here if a vessel were laid on—the yield of gold there not being sufficient for the amount of population being the reason. It is also reported that D’Arcy Uhr is starting from Queensland with 500 head of cattle. Dinner to Capt. Sinclair—A few friends of Captain Sinclair, of the Claud Hamilton, entertained him at dinner on Tuesday evening, July 5th. The health and welfare of Captain Sinclair were proposed by Mr. J. G. Knight, to which he responded. Several other toasts were given and two or three hours pleasantly spent. Shipment of Gold.—The amount of gold already shipped by the Bank is 2,100 ounces, 320 of which are alluvial. There is gold on the way down from the Standard and Telegraph batteries, from the Prospectors, and from Ayliffe and Co., which is hoped will arrive in time to be sent by the steamer. The amount will probably in that case, be about 2,500 ounces. “Queries”— Why are popular M. P.’s cod climbers? Because they are frequently found at the head of the pole (poll).— What is light? A sovereign that isn’t full weight.—If you detected a false ghost, on what ground could you accuse him of murderous intentions? Because it was trying to frighten (fry ten) people.— What is it we all frequently say we will do, and no one has ever yet done Stop a minute.— Why is a child who gets stout as he gets taller, like a newspaper reporter? Because he picks up information. Queen Elizabeth, admiring the eloquence of Medina, a Spanish nobleman, complimented him on it, begging at the same time to know who possessed the heart of so accomplished a cavalier “Madam,” said he, “a lover risks too much on such an occasion; but your Majesty’s will is law. Excuse me, however, if I fear to name her, but request your Majesty’s acceptance of her portrait.” He sent her a looking glass. A countryman took his seat at an hotel table opposite to a guest who had a bottle of wine. Supposing the wine to be common property, the unsophisticated countryman helped himself to it with his neighbour’s glass. “That's cool!” exclaimed the owner of the wine, indignantly. “Yes,” replied the other ; “I should think there was ice in it.” Lord Cardigan, shortly before his death, reviewed a famous hussar regiment, and, on making the usual speech, he said, with more emotion than he usually showed, “I am getting old, gentlemen, and in all probability I shall never again review this magnificent regiment this side the grave" “How many children have you?” asked a gentleman of one of his labourers, looking in surprise upon the family. “Better than a dozen, sir.” “I only make out eleven, said the gentleman.” “Faith, an’ isn’t that better than a dozen, sir, when one has to feed ’em?” exclaimed the happy father. Questions for Answer.—In what vehicle did the man ride who was driven frantic? When a man revolves much in his mind, does it make him dizzy?— If all things are for the best, where do the rations for the second best come from?— What in the exact width of a broad grin? An enterprising farmer, always on the lookout for information regarding his profession, seeing a work advertised under the title of “Rain on the Mown Grass,” sent for it, and found it was a volume of sermons. 