The "Wallaroo Mines. To the Editor. Sin—In your contemporary, the \V<iilnron Times, of the ttth instant, I saw an article on the Wallaroo Mines by an occ.afional reporter who says he visited the mine to see if the reports he had somewhere seen about the mine was true to wit, LliaL she was " looking badly." I expected to find in his report something about the prospects of the mine. But instead, 1 was doomed to read a lot of trash that every boy in the mine know, and a lot more, that, no one in the world knows anything about. He gives an elaborate account of pulley- stands, and says that genius has been able to fetch up ores from the overwhelming depth of 1 fiO fms., and make it pay, and he thinks that genius can go a. little deeper still. But he fears there may be a limit to that genius, and the day may conn; when genius will be licked. Now this may sound very grand to men who never saw a mine. But, to a man that has been bred in Cornwall it is all humbug. How do the folks at home manage to get ore hauled from the 300-fm. level, and make it Jiay. 1 read not long ago in the West Briton (a Cornish paper) that in one mine at home, stirff was being drawn from tbel20-fm. with liO-f'm. adit, which makes 150-fm., for the small sum of fourpence per ton. Compare that with the price it costs the Wallaroo Mines, or any other mine on the Peninsula ; aud then our O.lt. speaks very feelingly of a candle factory. Well, there ought to be good candles made on the Wallaroo Mines, for 1 have heard there are men there that have been bred to the trade of both making and selling. Our O.lt. seems t.o be interested very much about a box of instruments he saw in the Engineer's Office, and the great nozzles were a caution. 1 have nevej heard that there has ever been anything except a little brasswork cast on the Wallaroo Mines, and I hardly think they make nozzles for 30-in. cylinders, of brass. The next thing he draws our attention to. are the jiggers, and their splendid ores. He says the Moonta jiggers are nowhere beside of them. 1 suppose he means for making a noise, it can't be for anything else, lie never -.iaw the' •• i Mines jiggers. No, he could not ! If n; r ! we should hot have this report of Li-. ;,nd for no other reason than that, he wo-i ,<i L:, .'e died there. His brain seems to have sulb-r.-d a shock aL Wallaroo Mines, and if that i (lie case he would have succumbed and vielo'd up the ghost at the sight of the Mo ,ma machines. But leaving joking out of i he question.! think the grand points oi' -ne prospects of a mine arc. how is it '-j' !. e,/ underground. Are the lodes lieli Aie owners searching for more? E v eryi hue/ comes from underground. That is the part that pays ; not line stables or mansions. How many tribute pitches are working for four and six shillings in the jiound. ami tho e that work them getting r,0s. per wee!;. These are things that speak of the wealth ,,f a mine ; not silver- plated whips or anything of the kind. Our occasional reporter speaks of the economy used there. Wl.'-n has he proved if. He says if ha< cost, the Directors £15,001) in imjiroveme:,;-. but he h as not shown that it is "Worth ihe money. 1 hope, however, that when he writes again he will let. us kn w how they manage to separate—with water — two bodies wlio.se specific gravities are equal, and show us some mica-slate as heavy as yellow ,,ie. And when he is hard up for news, put .-onie- Lhing in the paper he eh arges th 1 ee] lelit;e J of, at. least instructive, ff not inLeresl.iiiL 1 . but I may add, in conclusion, it may give ai isfaet.ion in some quarter, and may be Lin-, means of bringing a blessing on himsulf. 1 am, Sii-f yours A. E. 