NARRIDY RACES. These races took plsce near the Gums, and about three miles south-west of Narridy township,3 on Easter Monday, as telegraphed. Tho weather was fine but rathei warm, and there was a good attendance, including a fair sprinkling of ladies. The usual appendages in the way o£ spcrts were absent, not even the ghost of an Aunt Sally appearing. Host Stacey had a booth, in which he 6ecmed to do a thriving trade, and there was aUo a stall where tea, coffee, cakes, &c.;, could be procured; also a few carts with fruit, which were were well patronised. Of the racing, the least said the better, and were it not that a report is expected as a matter of course the wLole might be summed up by saying it was a disappointment* In several of the races only two horses ran, and those owned by the same person, so that to expect racing was out of tbe question. In the Hurdles, which were made of rotten pine rails fixed on forked mallees 3 fett 6 high, not one of the jumps were cleared, the ho; pes first baulking or ruuEirg wide, and ultimately running througii them, leaving' a convenient gap for the next round. The Trotting Match did not come off, owing to the paucity of entrances. MAIDENS. Ten pounds. One mile and a half. Mr. 51. Carter's 13uzz, aged, 9 bt. 4 lbs, ... 1 Mr. O'Shaughncssey's Quicksilver, 3 yrs., 7 st. 8 lbs ... ... 2 Mr. G. Neag'e's Atlanta, 2 yrs., 4 st. 11 lbs. All passed, tbe post the first time together, immediately? tfter which Atlanta ran inside; Buzz took the lead and wun easily by two lengths. NARRIDY HANDICAP. Twenty guineas, with a swe-.-p of £3 to second horse; distance 2 miles. 15r. O'Shaughnessey's QuickriJrer. X Mr. O'Shaugnessey's Freedom. Mr. Bickman's Fitherman. One of the three being drawn left the other two to decide the eveu^, which was done by quietly galloping the required distance, whic'i was done in something under 20 minutes. Quicksilver was said to be the winner. HURDLE KACE. Stakes £10; distance two miles. Three horses were entered, but only two staited, and after a good .lea' of baulking and swerving they broke through the jump and got round. As both horses belonged to the same owner it is hardly worth while saying which won. DISTRICT PLATS, Ten pound stakes. Mr. Carter's Buzz I Mr. O'Shaughnessey's Freedom 2 Mr. Joe's Cowra. This was on a par with tbe other racing. They managed to run nearly once round in a false start, after which they got away together; bat the race was a gift to Buzz. The Hacks came next—one mile heats, stakes £5; seven entries. Both first aud second heats were won by Mr. MeMataon'is Cowra, but a protest for running inside a post was entered, when it was decided to let the two second horses —O'Shaughnessey's Fisherman and Carter's Leonidas—run for the stakes. This resulted in a dead heat, and was run off and wan by Fisherman. Although it was nearly dark, a Hurryskurry was arranged, and eight horses entered, the stakes going to Mr. Saint's pony. Host Stacey bad a cold spread at the Narridy Hotel, _ but nothing in tbe way of a formal gathering took place. Later in the evening a quiet party met in the new Catholic Chapel, and dancing was kept up till the " we sma hours ayout the twall."- Apart from the racing the meeting was an enjoyable one, and every hing passed off pleasantly. The spot was also an agreeable'one* surrounded on three sides by scrub. No doubt the Jamestown Races, with the superior attractions in the way of stakes, drew all the good horses in the neighbourhood, and this accounts for the.meagre and miserable meet at Narridy. TEE ASIATIC CIRCUS.—On Monday evening a well-merited benefit was tendered by the proprietors of this Circus to Messrs. A. Lazar and Byrne, the house and stage manager respectively, who by their general efficiency, urbanity, and attention before and behind the footlights have contributed greatly to the comfort of those who have lately patronised the Royal. There was a crowded house, with people standing in all parts. The programme comprised some of the best acts of the Japanese and the equestrians, and was gone through with that spirit which is evoked by the sight of. crammed benches. Of the fifteen pieces of which the bill was composed it is difficult to say which was best when all were so cleverly performed. While the juveniles vehemenily applauded the acts of horsemanship and the comic business of the clowns, the seniors held their breath at the sensational feats, and were thankful when the performers landed safely on terra firma. In the high-ladder act little Itchia hrtd a fall, but fortunately without ill effects. During tho evening Mr. Byrne returned thanks ou behalf of himself and Mr. Lazar for the benetit, also for tho liberal patronage the company had received during their appearance in this city. This complete? their present season in Adelaide, and thay will now go forthwith to the country, opening oa. Tuesday night at Gawler, where tiuy will perform on four nights. a i 4 