Among thc votes nnd proceedings of tho Mouse of| Assembly there is to be found paper in yt 1. No 11 (1864) intituled " As-» sfcts nnd Public Dcbt of Tasinuuia. Re turn Showing the Public Debt of tbe Colony, on the 3lst December, 1863" This paper was prepared by the late Wil- liam Race Allison, and 111 compliance with an order of thc House was laid upon thc table, and ordered to he printed. A considerable degree of attention is due to this document, when it is considered who its author was, nnd how intimately he wns acquainted with all that concerned the interests of the colony. Hut beyond all personal considerations for its author thc paper is entitled to consideration, . for the importance of thc information it supplies, - aqd the ready means its statistics a fiord for judging correctly of what we arc nc- customcd'to misdescribe as 't'ic progress of the colony." Eleven yean 'have passed, away ,siiicc— thc .period to which, the statistics in this pnper (No. 101. vol. xi.) refer,, arid it is only a few months since we heard tlic'CoLoxiAL Treasurer of the, colonv! describe, in terms, that muit have sounded witll strange hy perbolicaL cffect upon the tympanums of experienced 'men, | the chberihp progress of settlement: and agriculture in Tasmania. \ , 1 a \ In estimating the value of our assets, Mr. - Addison, of course taking bis datn from thc authorised sources of statistical information, made the following calcula tions of the value of each article of live stock, and thus arranged his tables : — Live Stock in the Colony on 31st December, 18(53; £ Horses : 21,964 at 14/ 307,496 Cattle : 90,44(5 at .4/ 10a 407,007 Sheep s 1,800,811 at 8s 720,324 Pigs 1 41,986 at 20s 41,986 Asses, Mulos : 12 at 5/ 60 Goats: 227«atl0s 11,38 Total ..'..£1,478,011 Choi- or 1863 as shown iiY Census, £ Wheat : 953,250 bushels at 6s 285,975 Barley : 201,852 do at (>s (50,555 Oats: 1,024, 134 do at 3s fid 179,223 Peas : 45,000 clo at os 11,250 Beans : 8000 do at 5s 2,000 Tares : 7700 do at fis ;:» 2,310 Grass Seed : .71,3(50 do at 0s 21,408 Apples : 168,114 do nt 5s 42,028 Peas : 25;800 do at 5s (5,450 Hay : 58,491 tons at 3/ 175,473 Potatoes: 3(5,3515 do at 3/ 109,0(58 Turnips.: 12,312 do at 1/ 12,312 Onions: S9S do at JO/....: 1. ...... 8,980 Carrots : 2399 do at 2/ 4,798 Tobacco : 1,046,852 lbs at 3d 13,085 Total £934,915 Private property — Yearly vntuo as per- valuation rolls, 1864, 675,000/. Calculating stock nnd crops by thc same standard value as Air. Allison used in 18(54, we derive thc following results: — Live Stock in the Colony on 31st AIakcii, 1874. Horses: 22,334 at 14/ 312,(576 Cattle : 106. 30S at 4/ 10s 478,336 Shoop: 1,490,740 at 8s 596.248 Pigs: 59,(528 at 20s 59,628 Asses: mules, 6 at 5/ 30 Goats : 2,201 at 10s 1,100 Total £L,44S,018 Balance in favour of 1S63 £29,993 Crots or 1873 & '74 as Shown ry Statistics. £ Wheat 947,813 bushels ntfis 284,343 Barley : 124,459 do at (5s 37,337 Oats: 561,247 do at fis fid 98,218 Peas: 82,926 do at 5s 20,731 Beans : 8,253 do nt 5s 2,012 Tares: 1,064 do ntfis 3(50 Grass seed : 20,202 do at 0s 6,060 Apples: 174,551 do at 5s 43,637 Pears : 25,800 do at 5s (5,450 Hay : 28,430 tons at 3/ 85,290' Potatoes : 24,970 do at 3/ 74,910 Turnips: S, 204 do at 1/ S,204 Onions : 1079 tons at 10/ 10,790 Carrots : 80(5 ditto at 21 1(512 Tobacco : 12,2(5(5 lbs. nt 3d 153 Total value of crops, 1S73 '74.. .£(579,81(5 Balance in favour of .18(53 ...£265,099 There are two items of agricultural produce not included in ADv Allison's return, which, in order to complete the contrast, must be added, namely, bops and mangold wurzcl. The former item we do not find enumerated 111 tbe returns for 13/3, although it forms a very prominent fea ture in those of 1873-4. 18(53— Mangold wurzcl : 17,40S tons at 27s. per ton 23,500 Hops : No roturii 1873-4 — Mnngohl wtuzel : 12,335 tons nt 27s per toil 16,(552 Hops : S25,30(5 lbs. nt Is5d. 58,358 75,010 Deduct 23,500 £515,510 This balance in favour of 1873-4 on those two items, deducted from £2(55,099 per contra as above, leaves a net balance of .£213.589 in favour of 18G3 on the estimated value of agricultural produce, and a total aggregate balance ou stock and crops of £243,582, while the decrease in the value of private property, as shown on the rolls, is no less tlimi £74,000 within thc hist eleven years. It will be seen at oucc that thc estimate made of the average value of horses in 18(53 was much too high, and we doubt very much if thc same may not be said of the cattle and sheep. With the exception of potatoes and one or two other items in agriculture, the average of prices calcu-. luted by our Statistician for 1873 and '4, is somewhat lower than that assumed in 18G3 by Air. Allison; but our object being to institute a! contrast more between thc quantities produced than their money - value in tbe market, we have taken the fairest mode of instituting it with clearness and effect. One important fact \vc wish to impress above all others on the public niind is, that though wc arc periodically alienating our best lands, and taking uo steps whatever to encourage immigration, or even to induce our own. native- born children to remain 111 the country, we. arc disposing of the meagre share of laud fit for agricultural purposes with as little regard to thc present and future requirements of population ns if we had the command of a continent equal in area and natural advantages to that of New Holland. The returns pub-. - lished in connection with our remarks plainly indicate the wildncss aud reckless ness of the system wc arc now and have been noting upon for years it reference to .the public domain.- Theyprovc; too,- that- eleven years ago we grew more cereals of all kinds, more of rootci'ops,and tilledagrcater, breadth, of the soil than wc do at present ; and that notwithstnrulingwc have aoldjnnd; in one way or thc other, alienated so many hundred thousand acres of the soil — we produce less animal and vegetable food, in proportion as tne public lanus pass into the proprietorship of priVafe' individuals/ If there wns a corresponding increase" in thc number of our horses, ' cattle, and sheep, or a very much augmented export of wool to boast of, or larger and'-onorc cer tain supplies of beef and mutton to'ehcapcn the expenses of living, then, indeed, some . grounds of justification for the land policy of Ministers might be plausibly urged ; but when we have before us thc patent facts, that the population, ns well as tbe cuttle, and sheep, nnd horses, appear to be de prived of thc power or the liberty of in creasing, that year after year, the only two items wc find by our statistics constantly augumented, nnd that rapidly, is ourjdebt, ana the number . of acres of-.thc public estate that pass but of our possession, it is not an easy task for any one not personally interested in maintaining the 'present system of governing the colony, .to quietly look on and express himseU contented in the presence of ,so discouraging a state »of things. Property-holders iii Tasmania must be certainly blind to tbe future, if they oannot perceive- the prospective dangers thnt threaten them. Let but a few 1 year8 more of thc CiiAi».MAX-cum-FY8ii rule pre vail, nnd perhaps they will come then to be able to distinguish between thc mere pretence of politicians, and the ability and honesty of . true statesmen. It isjdways gratifying t'o":hear;qr road:of men, who, 'avoiding tbe beaten track which customjlias-ordcrcdjthem to follow origi nate a platif which experience has taught tliein requires to be devised to meet come sociarevil, or overcome a difficulty which the rules governed by custom will not effect. It is, certainly, very unsatisfactory, . from time to time, to find men who some months, or, .perhaps, weeks before their insolvency, appeared to be in thc possession of a large business, come before the Court, and very often after an investigation lias been held ' into their matters, aud no creditors opposing, tbe insolvent, with no assets, receives his discharge. Very often it may be com miseration which thc creditors feel for thc misfortune of the bankrupt, and tbe fact thnt . no direct benefit will be conferred upon them if they oppose the granting of his certificate, that prompts them to offer no opposition ; but protection to the general interests of a commercial com munity very often demands that the appli- cation of insolvents for tbe granting of certificates should not be acceded to;- To Ilis Honour Judge Rogers belongs tbe credit of having a new regime in this matter, for recently, when two insolvents came before him to be whitewashed in the usual stereotyped fashion, nnd whose assets were nil, he mid: — "I do not sec that it would be of any advantage tp the community to grant .the dispensation applied for.; You wilt both be able to work for your living just as well without a certificate as with one. It is quite clear- thnt neither of you have any enpitnl, and to go into business with out money usually eventuates in failure. This has been my experience in' the Bnl- larat court. It is urged that the creditors do not oppose. I nm aware of the fact, but I do not sit here as their represen tative. but to protect thc general interests of tbe commercial community. I have the power to grunt certificates when a less dividend than 7s in thc pound has been paid, but it is in cases where the insol vency has taken place irom causes beyond tbe control of thc insolvent; but where a man takes a large farm without any means, and then allows bis rent to accumulate until tbe laudlord sweeps away all bis es tate under a distraint, I say their in solvencies arc not of that nature as to be beyond control. It is argued that these insolvents would find it very bard to select land unless they obtained their certificates. There was 110 doubt about that, and it was very proper it should be so, for farming, iu order to be successful, required capital and skill, as well ns .labour, fencing, manuring, nnd the like, and bow could two insolvents, who came into court without a shilling in the world to call their own, expect to prosper by getting into debt for everything' they wiinteu to comcncc business with ? No, no. The proper course was for them to become farm labourers. They would he much happier and much better off." TI10 solicitor for the insolvents, Air. Price, said thc crops of the insolvent lmd gradually fallen off. " Ah ! of course," resumed Judge Rogers, " crops arc sure to gradually fail off when no nmmiro is put into thc ground. What else is to be ex pected ? It is simply causo aud effect." His Ifonour, in conclusion, said he could not grant'the dispensation applied for. The police officials , of thc Campbell Town municipality appear to have very original ideas as well ns exalted notions of their powers. Our attention has been fre quently attracted to their proceedings ; aud wc must confess they arc sometimes worth noticing. The magistrates evidently play thc subordinate clinractcrs in tbe judicial farces, while tbe Clerk aud Superintendent of Police take the leading parts. This is neither fair nor respectful towards their Worships, who, if notoriety or distinction is to be acquired by bur lesquing the administration of the law, ought at least to have the lion's share of tlic honours. It must be , remembered that they act without fee or reward, in a pecuniary shape, and it is unfair that the paid members of the company should mouopolisc the gain ns well as the fame. Air. A. M. Johnson seems to afford their Worships an inexhaustible subject for exercising their magisterial "gifts" up on; and whenever lie is "wanting" to play with at thc police office the local authorities arc never at a loss to find an excuse for securing the pleasure of bis company. Thc excuse for bringing him face to face with their Worships on Alon- dny last, and for placing him in thc dock, while the- ridiculous and illegal case was being investigated , was such as, wc are certain, for absurdity could not be paral leled in any other district of tbe colony. We refer our readers to tbe report of the case, and it is to he hoped the. Attorney- General's attention will be attracted to it. AIdli.k Glaus. — Tho programme of this distinguished violinist's performance appeal's in our present issue, nnd thoso who patroniso her 011 Monday evening may confidently anticipate a troat of no ,or'hmvry character. Not only will thero be selections! from cele brated Italian masters,1 but favourite Eng lish and Scotch ballads, so that full scope will bo afforded for the display of tho .-per former's acknowledged tnlouts. A ChildRun Over. — A little child, named, Patrick Burke, had a narrow oscapo yester- .day 'from' being killod, by being! knocked 'do\vh<by a horse and chaisoscarb in A In r ray-, street, noar Collins-street. Tlio child- is only- four years old, and was taken to tlio hos pital by his mother, who "did not seem 'to know to whom tho vehicle belongs which _did ' the mischiof,' which consistod of 'it wourid' oh the forehead, a cut on tlio bridge of tho rose, and a bruiso on tlio log. With so many injuries iiiflieted it ia difficult to eon- ccivo how the little fellow escaped being run ovor and crushed to death. Throwing Stones. — John Aucbenhnrg went to the hospital yesterday with a wound which' was . caused by soino one throwing a stone' at him in Sackville-atrdot. He had 110 idea who the person was who threw the metal, but lila. injury wns nttonded to, and lie returned homo, wo trust with the detcr- . urination to ascertain who itjwas that selected him for a target. ' I.O.G.T. — Tho meinbora of the Exeolsior Lodge, No. 8, are requested to meet this evening to receive a visit" from the Grand 'Worthy Councillor and Grand Mnrslinl of. Victoria. Tho mombors of other lodges aro invitod to bo present on tho occasion. The ARCiimsiior or Sydnkv.— His Grace tlio Archbishon of Sydney will loavo Laun ceston for Melbourne per Dorwont, this day, ' for Syduoy, via Melbourne. His Groco since. Iris arrival-ill Tasmania, lins -heon-. tUojgncs® of his Lordslrip the Bishop of Hobart. Town, who accompanied him to uauncdston/and to whom ho oxpressod himself delighted ,>witu his trip.to Tasmania. < .1 : Tub Late Fire.— -It is not'at; pvosont do- cided-whon tho usual inquest will'bo houl to tinnuire into tlio causo of tho lato oonnagra- tion in Argylo-atrcot, noitho'r is it at all cer tain that it will bo deemed neoeasary . to go through tlio form on th occasion. I.O.G.T., Victoria. — On Wednesday ,ovening, 24th instant, a well attended meet? mg for the advocacy of teiupurauco was held nl -ir-0 "ft.,l<Isome.littlo ohapol in tlio township of -Victoria, Huon, when earnest nndpractical addresses, wero givou by .Brothers Frederick . Cano, John Hay, senior, T. Hood, W. J. F: .Androwa, arid the Rev. J. Bayloy. Tho , chair was occtipicd by Bra; Lambert., D.D: At tlio close, of «t!io- meeting a number of tlio residents signdd tlio pledgo of: total abstin- ouco, and a requisition was prcsontod ! signed by twenty-one persons requesting that a Tomplar lodge might be formed. Arrange ments wero immediately made for' so doing, and( tho pnrties signing the requisition initiated ns members of tlio Royal Viotoria Lodge, No. 50. Tho following officers woro elected for tlio ensuing quarter, viz. :— Bro. John Hay, senior, W.G.T. ; Bro. Gharlcs Ivey, W.V.T. ; Sister Ellen Bell, W.S. ; Sister Mariou Walton, W.F.S. ; Bro. Frank- comb, W.T. ; Sister Wise, W.O. 5 Bro. Bell, W.M. ; Bro. Walton, W.I.G. ; Bro. Richard Skinner, W.O.G ; Siator Skinner, P.W.CT- ; Bro. W. Ivoy, R/H S. ; Sister Shorten, L.1T.S. ; Sister Mary Bell, W.A.S. ; Sister Fanny Short, W.D.AI- Tho nights of moot ing were fixed for altci uate Mondays. Mayor's Court. — Thore wore present nt tho above Court, yesterday, His Worship tbo Mayor, and Mc83rs. Aldermen Perkins and Robertson. Tlios. AIcLouglilin was charged witli having obstructed the passage on tho footpath in Elizabeth-street by placing rolls of carpet thereon. The accused stated that he did not desire to violate tho law. Ho had placed tho articles ou tho footpath at that particular time iu order to preserve them from the dust which was flying about in con- scquonco of some ropairs being made to his shop. In theso circumstances, tho Mayor imposed tho lenient fino of five shillings. John Cooper, a cab-driver, living in Gcorge- efcreot; was proceeded against for having driven Iris cab without the sariio' being duly licensed. Ho was mulcted in tbe sum of ten shillings. Aohargc against Captain Curphcy for having allowed his goat to bo at largo was road. The defendant, however, did not put in au appearanco, and n warrant wns issued for his apprehension. The Unruly Mkmiier.— The number of eases heard wcokly in which a woman calls anothor one something not fit for Christians to hear, 'is on the increase, tho rate, yestor day, having reached to two a day. The fact of too much fuss being made over such matters by the formal manner iu which they are tried, gnus a long way towards increas ing the practice us 'veil as encouraging com plaints being brought forward of thc most paltry character. The lovo of notorioty is so strong iu some womou thnt, for the sake of figuring for two hours nt the police court, they will dare tho ultimate consequences, and call thoir next door neighbour any thing that coincs first ; and there aro others, who, if a female friend should happen to lot a word slip not to bo found (as Mr. Graves said) in "Thompson's bensons" or "Mil ton's Paradise Lost," they soize upon it as a means of gratifying a morbid taste for airing their vory small grievances in tho Police Court aud iu tho newspapers. Hoarin such cases without taking down tho depositions, and going through them in ton minutes, would prove tho best remedies for tho grow ing evil. Public Interest. — The case of "Walton v. Smith, heard at tho Police Court yesterday morning, created almost as much interest as the one out of which it arose, which was heard on'Tucsday. On each occasion there was an unusual gathering of tho disengaged aud curious, ami it was a matter of specula tion us to what was the element of attrac tion about tho case. If thc Sandy Bay ghost had been brought up to answer for aU the havoc he has made, scarcely more in terest could liavo been exhibited. Counsels' Fees.— Mr. D. Lewis and Mr. ,T is. Robertson, who occupied tho Bench at the Police Court yesterday, granted legal expenses in a case which they .adjudicated upon, .a practice which does not generally obtain bora. There is much to bo said on both sides of tho question ns to tlio advisa bility of. treating the example as a precedent, but still 'wo tliiuk : there are many oxtroino cases wliere tlio discretion of the' magistrates might he wisely exercised in including the fees paid to counsel in their verdict as reasonable cost3 ; but to make a rule that such shoiild bo the ease in cvory instance would bo to give a fillip to tlic lovo of liti gation oxistiug among us which is by 110 means required. ' Drawing the Link— -Down at tho Police Court, as elsewhere, they are compelled to draw the line somewhere. An American incsmorist, on boing asked to test his powers 011 a tiger, shielded himself behind this ne cessity of drawing thc lino, which he clcotcd to do at the tiger, although he had operated on bears and buffaloes with success, , and no evil conscquonccs had resulted. All kinds of dogs have boon admitted to thoprccints of thc Court, and, as long as they behaved thcinsolvcs, have been allowed to remain. Used .to tlioprivilcgo of being permitted to invade the sanctum y of justice, one of thc impertinent mongrels walked in yesterday with a rat iu his mouth, and commenced tearing and devouring it before tho Court, but was promptly aud most ignomiiriously expelled, and thus taught that in determining tho fitness for au auditor iu our oourts of justice, the' lino is arbitrarily drawn between a livo dog and a dead rat. ' Tempting the Enema. — An enthusiastic gentleman, who with moni ' valour .than dis cretion, came out last evening on tho pave ment to. preach the gospel in.> front of the People's Hall, succeeded'' in bringing a hor net's nest about his ears.' Having .finished his alfresco exhortation, -by which lie lmd gathered a score or two of juveniles around him, lio invited his audience to enter the building and boar a missionary friend give his' cxpcrionco' among tbe distant heathen. Some few of tho', innocents accopted tho in vitation, buttho'majority preferred .remain ing in the open .air, keeping themselves in ..training by kicking at tho door, and mriia- taing ,a .fttsilado of road metal at tbe walls had windows of thc place of worship. Al- ' though wo regret the turn .affairs took, wo .hardly scoliow any othor result could have Ibeen anticipated." Robbery at Battery Point.— Afewnights since some -.evidently practical thieves got access to the roofs of St. George's Church nnd the public school-house at Battery Point nnd stripped tliom of a considerable quantity of lead. From tlio roof of the church tho pro perty stolen is valued at between (5/ and 7Z, and from that of tho school-house at about 10/. Wo should have supposed , that tho brightness of tlio nights during tho week would be vory unfavourable for such, dopra- dations ; but when it is recollected- that ono. nmisfcnhln hna fn " Irnrm mnvhlf?" "OS .tllO solitary guardian of such an extensive dis trict ns Battery Poiut, from one extremity' of it to tho other, it is ©asjr to conceive how many favourable. opportunities thieves must have for plying tliuir vocation while the con stable is completing his appointed aud undeviating beat. Two - porsons have beon apprehended on suspicion of having been the perpetrators of .tho robbery, and arc, we un derstand, to bo brought up beforo tlio Police Magiatratoto-day. OARTAUf ; Joseph Graves.— Considerable auxioty has beon occasioned lately by tho sudden disappearance of this gcntlcmau, who lias been connected witli tbo shipping matters in this city for several years past. It pppcars that some timo since ho purchased a vessel in Melbourne, and had her fitted out ready for proceeding to sea, but just as she was .on tho point of sailiug he suddenly disappeared; This is about a fortnight ago, and smco then as no trace of him had been discovered ;Mr Bondnll, the well-known shipping butcher, and his partner in business, proceeded to Melbourne to obtain a clue if it woro possible, as to bis whereabouts; During the, early part of this week it has been freely stated that he had bpen seen' ia town, although that hardlv seemed probable as Captain Graves is well-known in shipping circles, 'and -at .the coach offices, anu it would bo very difficult for him to come from Melbourne to; Hobart Town without being recognised. : Wo arfrvafraid, however, that nil doubts on the matter must bo sot nt rest by a tolegram rccoivcd yesterday from- Mr. Bcndnll 'by Mr. Okas. Taylor,- tho brother- in-law of Mr. Graves, stating that tho body had been found in the rivor Yarra. What conclusions are to 'bo based on this brief statement we cannot say. Until fuller and moro explicit information is received form Mr.# Bondnll it wnuld b« useless to hazard conjectures, whichjmay aft:r all prove to bo unfounded. Further particulars are almost certain 'to bo- forthcoming, and for tlio presont wo forfear any further comment 011 tbo information transmitted by Mt. Bomlall. Small Dkiits Court. — A sitting of this Court uiulor tlio £50 jurisdiction was held at the Court-house, Macquario-atreot, yestor day, when His Honour Mr. Justice Dobson presided. Several cases catno 011 for hearing, none of which oeoupicd tlio attention, of tho Court for any lengthened period, witli the exception of the suit. Dove v. Taylor, in widen the plaintiff claimed compensation for a horse which thc defendant lind killed whilo having it out on hire. Evidence was taken iu support of tlic claim, but not for the defence, .the only point advanced by tho counsel for defondaut being mitigation of damages, iu which ho was successful. Derwent Rowing Clur. — In our report of tho annual meeting of this club yesterday, the name of Mr. J. iJ. Lindloy should have been mentioned iti tho list of members elected on the the night of the mcoting. "PAnr'u Day Co,vnn.— 6omo of nur rn.adnrs have lately expressed their surprise at the early arrival of this coach iu town every evening. We may stato for tlioir informa tion that the coach leaves Lauiiccston now nt 4 instead of 5 o'clock In tho 'inoruing, so as to arrive in town an hour oarlicr. The Herald Dispute,— Wo tako tlio fol lowing from lost Monday's Aryu : — A meet ing of- tho Trades and Labour Council of Victoria, was held last night in tlio Trades- hall, Lygon street, for tho consideration of a roporb from thc Typographical Society upon a dispute betweoti tho mnuagor of the "Evening llorald" and the priutors. Tlio vo'port.gavo a narrative of the dispute, and stated that the object of tbo manager, Mr. Winter, was to gain timo, in order that ho might bo prcparod with boys hml fresh hands so that he could replnce nud dismiss his own "companionship," but that the society having seou several of tho directors of tho " Herald," nnd explained thc men's side of tho question, had gained tho sym pathy of those directors. In tlio meantimo the " Herald " lmd becd assisted by Messrs. Filth and M'Cntchcon, with whom the society had a difference of opinion, and with thnt assistance, ami by ouiploying boys and stragglers, tho paper had beau produced eaoh evening. Tlio avorngo earning of thc com positors 011 the " Herald " was about 35s per week, and yet the excuse given for employ ing boys nud cheap mou was to reduce the expenditure. It was agAiiist the Melbourne rules to employ boys. Tlic report concluded by stating tiiat nil tbo above statements could be authenticated by documents in the possession of thc society. After somo dis cussion it was resolved, " That all dolcgatcs to this council be requested to lay tlio mat ter of tlio 4 Herald ' dispute before their own societies, nud urge upon them tbe de sirability of discontinuing nil support to that pnpor till thc grievance bo redressed ; and furthermore, that all members of thiscouucil refuse to patroniso any public place whore the said paper is taken in." Tho meeting then adjourned till Thursday next to take further action in thc matter. Vice-Regal. — Thursday's Examiner sn,y& : — 44 Jits Excellency Mr. Wold, yesterday visited Her Majesty's Gaol aud Houses of Correction, accompanied by the H011. Minis ter of Lands, /Ton. F. M. Innes, nnd the Pri vate Secretary. Tho Sheriff (Mr. Swan) was present, nud with Mr. A. Jones, tho Superin tendent, conducted the party over the estab lishment. His Excellency expressed him self as much plcasod witli tho cleanliness and order that prevailed; Ho romnined about two hours and investigated n number of ap plications for rciqission of scutenco, somo of which His Excellency promised to comply with, but in others ho gave permission to the parties to send petitions giving particulars. Before leaving the Governor made the fol lowing entry m tlio visiting book " I have inspected the Gaol and Houses of Correction; found everything elenn nnd in good order, though tho buildings themselves are not well adapted for the purpose. Fred. A. Weld." Tbo Governor and party also visited tho Gonornl Hospital, whore tho principal medical officer (Dr. Miller) and Dr. Murphy, Ifouso Surgeon, rocoivcd them. Thc entry in tho Visitor's Book, made by His Excel lency was as follows : — "I liavo been par ticularly pleased with my visit to tho hos pital, its airiness, cleanliness, and tbo goncral oxccllcnco of tho arrangements. Frederick A. Wold." Wo understand the Invalid Dopot for mules is to bo visited to day. His Excellency was at tho Opera last night, lie will be present at Mowbray to-day, and he iutends to go by tbe Derwent to- Circular Head, tho steamer authorities having conscutod to alter tlio course of the vessel for tho occasion. The Governor will return overland, going up to Mount BiscUoff, aud visiting tho different coast settlements on his way back. to Launceston. A Foxhound Dog Dying op Grief.— A man named Parcels, a blacksmith, re siding near Dobb's Ferry, went hunting ' 44 cootis " nt night. Ilis companions con sisted of a a'neighbour, residing close by, and a faithful dog, apparently a cross between the -setter and foxhound. While searching for game at Snccden's Landing, on thc'liudson River, Parcels approached the brink of the palisades, and by some mishap lost his - balance and fell down a distance of 30 feet. Ilis friend having missed him, sought him, and by diligent search found him lying where he had fallen, and his faithful dog by his side moaning pitcously. On attempting to ap proach thc body thc usually friendly ani mal strongly protested by growls, and threatening attitudes, and even jumped forward whenever thc effort- at drawing nigh was essayed./ The man, seeing that his companion was seriously- injured, went for aid, and. in a -short- time returned with c a surgeon and some friends, but- the dog,' which lay with its head across the body, refused to let them touch ihe treasures it so faithfully guarded. They were at length compelled to .club him most unmercifully to drive him away from his post.. An ex amination proved that life was extinct, so tbe remains were nlnnorl in « 1. ..«.i piece of canvas thrown over them. The dog, half dead from thc beating, on seeing the disposal made, jumped into the boat also, and, seeking slieljer under the cover, placed bis head across his master face,' and remained there until a landing was effected. The body was then placed iri a waggon and conveyed home; but no sooner had it been covered than the loving friend again sought his old" post.. After the burial tlic dog became much depressed, rc- fused Jts food, 'and' wandered listlessly about, moaning in a low, ucrvous tone, and heedless of everything. He would pay no attention to any. of tho inmates of the house, and all their efforts could not cause | him to manifest any signs of recognition. After dragging along for a week,apparently without food or water, 'rind suffering from a severe nervous nrnstrntln'n. hn finnii., . died— a mart£r to his own love. Amcr'i' can paper 