"A SPELLING BI?E7' Orthographical tournaments, or *' spelling matches," combining instruction with diver sion, are now the ,or<Jer of the day in the United States. Iij New York especially the spelling fever is predominant, and it has spread over the West and South YVest with wonderful rapidity. The papers are full of the records of recent spelling matches, and a correspondent of the Times describes the new pastime as universal as it is popular. Ho tells us that " spelling" for prizes is the pre vailing infatuation, and every town and village is having its " bee," attended by crowds who cheer the successful and laugh at those who -are afflicted with a " bad spell.' The amusement furnished by these contrasts is hearty and genuine, and nothing could be more harmless. It is even asserted jocularly, of course, that when a friend meets an ac quaintance in the street, its " Dow do you spell ?" Also that a gentleman calling upon his lady-love keeps her irtf a perpetual state of excitement, by giving her hard words to spell; like phthisic, pyrites, exuvi®, ob stetzician, stationery, &c;, until she feels like an unabridged dictionary. Such is the latest American fashion, The correspondent of Perry's Journa/describes one of these " bees," and we extract from his communication the following:— The most elaborate " Spelling Bee" in this part of the country was held at the Academy of Music, in Philadelphia, on the evening of the 25th of March, at least 4,000 people crowding the auditorium. The novelty of the thing, and the belief of many that they could beat the " champions," added to the attractions, and hundreds were left outside the building who could not possibly get in. There were BQ competitors for the six prizes offered—40 ladies -and 40 gentlemen—the majority of them being school teachers, and at eight p.m. they marched in procession upon the stage. The announcement was made that the proceeds of the entertainment would hedevoted to the building fund of a new building for the Young Men's Christian Association of this city, and after some musi cal and literaryselections, the " bee" began. The following were the rules:— first. The class will be composed of an equal number of ladies and gentlemen, who will occupy opposite sides of the stage. Second. Webster's Unabridged Dictionary will be the standard;. Third. The spelling will be oral. - 'Fourth. Words spelt more than "one way by-'Webster will be omitted. Fifth. No-word will be used consecutively. Sixth. One word-misspelled rules the mis speller out. Seventh. - Any competitor mis understanding a "Word may ask one repetition, If no attempt ht spelling the word has been previously made: , A teacher of elocution gave out the words in a loud voice, the audience watching with close attention, "difference," "dialogue," •*corrigible/' "chirographjy'*"alibi/' "ag gregate," and "varioloid.,1' were announced one after another, and wereaUsjpeltcorrectly, a lady and; gerill4man ^eiiig alternately selected. Then " musketeer," fell to the'lot of a young lady, who spelt .it muscateer," when a roar from the audience announced her failure, and she blushingly stepped out of the class. A dozen more words were spelt correctly, when " excitation*' brought down the first young man, who made, a dash at it with "ecci" and got no further'asilie shouts of the audience drowned his voice. " Gour mand" spoilt the fortune of another man. Then there was some correct spelling .until u duellist" came .alohg, and of cOuRe,' killed his man, who wasunfeerfcairialjoutthe " Ls/' u benison" acquired a anew,, meaning for a lady; "chloroform'*quieted^yoiith; "peri-, grin alio n" was What tbie n'ext^hampioh per formed ; and "tympan":was too discordant for a lad37's ears. The class seemed to be getting demoralised, ' so ! rapidly were victims stricken down. " Inconceivable," "financial," "tureen," and'.' "anglicise" each laid out a speller; and then a discus sion arose about the pronunciation of the elocutionist who gave out the words... It was demanded that some one else should take his place, .and there were hisses and cheers, dozens rising in the audience and arguing the question at once. There were cries of " Go on," and order being restored, the competition continued. Two or three words were spelt, when " addible" was given out, and, a lady, began "addi" and then over again "addi," and was ruled out for trying a second time. " Flun keyism brought down a victim; as also did " recision" and '• quasi." Then a gentle man spelt" reseat" for another word that was pronounced the same way (receipt), and the committee ruling liim out there was a great disturbance. The gentleman would not" go out," claiming that it was a u double-header," and that he spelt it right, and on his appealing to the audience, the vast crowd, with an unanimous * shout, decided that he should be kept in, and so he remained. Then victims again became numerous. " Ferocity," "contumaceous," u delequescp," " covitous," " impetous," "de tergent," " inscenee," and " hippish," deci mated the ranks. Thus the contest went on, there being several rather arbitrary decisions against the spellers on double headed words. " Psalmody" was given out, and a young man got as far as "s-a-m" when the shouts of the audience bowled him out. " Pennyless," " rarify," " obelis que," " antechrist," and " tameling" retired four men and a lady. Then a very confident gentleman failed on sinthesis," his defeat being heartily relished. Next a lady holted on " eighty-eight." " Corruscation" was too much for the next customer/ The class ■was now getting small,- and long and diffi cult words were selected, nearly every one, howeter, being spelt correctly. At long intervals a victim was brought down amid general laughter, such conundrums as " sy nonomous," chincilla," " phrisolite," u colocinth," " iinburment,"and"polyanthes" proving too much for them. Then the class was reduced to the six to whom prizes were to be awarded—four ladies and two gentlemen, and the competition was con tinued to see wiiich, would live the longest. "Purview" took' number six, a lady; " testacious"' number five, a gentleman who; had made a jrre:it deal of amusement, and whose' downfall was most warmly received. Now were left ilireeJariies and one gentle man, but they survived but a short time, "distension" being too much for the man, and " infinitessimal" and " hauser" for two women. A lady, as usual, had the last word, remaining alone on the stage, and to her (Miss Lizzie J. Itook), amid loud ap plause, was awarded the first prize. The three ladies who got the highest prizes were all Philadelphia school teachers. The gentleman who survived .the longest was called upon for a speech, and said he come from Pottsville, in the interior of Pennsyl vania, and "sdtho/igh from the country, could spell with any man in the State." At a late hour the audience dispersed,, there being much gratification expressed at the amusement afforded, and much criticism at j the way the affair was. managed. The! "Spelling Bee," however, brought in a large sum, and was a success in tlii as a " spell." Lost Govt, ~3Y Shiminy !—As a rule there isn't a better -class of people in the world to deal with than the Germans, but occasionally you will find one whose ideas concerning certain business transactions are amusingly peculiar. For instance:—A. Ger man subscriber to the Journal recently called to advertise a lost cow, and according to the long establishedcustomof this well- regulated print shop, we immediately wrote up the notice and figured up the cost of publication. " Vat ish dat ?" asked our friend, placing the butt end of his whip on our little sum of multiplication. We informed liim that it would cost him so much for advertising his lost cow three weeks. " You make me pay for dat ?" " Certainly; we always take pay foradveriasing." " You takes pay,eh? Veil, dat ish von tarn shvindle. I shcribe rnit dat Shournal bapers dese tree years, and now you sharge me yoost for von leetle advertise of minegow." "But we—" " Youshtopmy Shournal bapers." '• But you—" " You shtop my Shournal bapers, und I got some more in Daytraw, by shiminy, und you gotne little end dat horn oud." " But, see here, my friend—" " I go right away und dond got sheated mit you, py krashus. Tink you got some sleep mit a veasel, dond you ? Sharge me yoost for advertise von gow ? It vas better uy you dond got me med ven I gome here, und I scribe mit dat Shournal more as tree year, but you make me med, und you stop mine bapers before I get it next dime. Dat ish vat man I am kind uv, py shiminy!" We tried to explain; we tried in vain; we lost him and a three weeks advertisement of a "lost ffow, by shiminy!"—Lowell Journal. A philosophic and self-possessed ship cap tain was passing through a churchyard at midnight, when a ** sheeted ghost" rose up behind a tombstone, and approached him with menacing gestures. The ancient mariner coolly raised his stick, and gave him a crack over the side of the head, asMng him, I" What he meant by being out of his grave at so late an hour ?*' | At the Court of Louis XIV, there were two fat noblemen—cousins. The King rallied one of them on his corpulency, and added, " I suppose you take little or no exercise ?"— " Your Majesty will pardon me," said the Duke, "for I generally walk two or three times around my cousin every morning." Holloway's Pills.—Somewhere or other disease is ever rife: everywhere its surest opponent, this purifying medicine, is to be found. When symptoms of sickness first set in, they may easily subdued by this j grand remedy, which gives great and prompt j relief to every oppressed organ or disordered • function. These Fills regulate and, strengthen digestion more readily, efficiently j and with more certainty than any other combination of drugs, be it ever so scientifi-! cally prescribed. Nothing can exceed the ability of Holloway's 'medicine to secure national functional action, whereby thou sands of liferlong maladies has been pre vented at Very trifling expense, and no detriment to the constitution. An acquisi tion so priceless should be at hand in every j household. ] 