MISCELL~AXEQUS. How to Avom Takinu Coiji.— A cold is simply the developer of a diseased condition, which may have been latent or requiring only some favoring condition to burst out in the flame o!' disease. That this is usually the correct view of cold as a disease-producing agent, under all ordinary circumstances, may be plain by rcllectioiis upon peiw.m.il experience even to the must ordinary understanding. When the human body is at its prime— with youth, vigour, purity, and a constitution on its .side, no degree of ordinary expusurc to cold gives rise to any unpleasant cilects. All the ordinary precautions against colds, coughs, and rheumatic paimi may be disregarded, a-iil no ill elfects ensue. I5ut let the vigour begin to wane, and the infirmities of age be felt by occu-jonat derangement in si.mu vital part, cither from inherited or acquired abuses, and the action of cold will excite more or less disorder of .some kind, and the form of this order, or the disease which will ensue, will be determined by the kind of pre-existing blood impurity for the pre-existing fault of the organic priisess. It follows from these facts and con siderations that the secret of avoiding the un pleasant conseipicnces thought to spring wholly ? from the action of cold upon the bady, has very ! little dependence upon exposure, but a great i deal upnu an impure and weak condition ; uf all the vital processe-. In other words, ;' with an average or superior constitution | and an intelligent observation of all the laws of I health, men and women could not lake cold if they wanted to ; they might be exposed to the action of cold to ii degree eimal to the beast of the field, and with like impunity. But iu case of persons with feeble c institutions, and who disregard, knowingly or otherwise, the condi tions of healthy existence, no degree of care will prevent the taking of cold, as it is termed. Tiny may live in houses regulated with all the precision of a hot- house, they may cover them selves with tlie must highly protective clothing the market produces, mid yet they may take cold. 1 do not think the consumptive person lives or ever will live, even if kept in a tem perature absolutely uniform, iu whom the well known si^ns of one cold after another will not be apparent. Utit, on the otlmr hand, there are those wli', like the late Sir Henry Holland, of guild constitutions and living in accordance with Jaws of health, maytr.ivel us he did from the tropics to the arctics again, clad only in an ordinary dress-coat, and scarcely know what it is to have a cold or a sickness of any kind. The truth is, that to avoid taking cold from an or- ' diuary or even extraordinary exposure, the vital , processes must, be made strong enough to rise ! above the untoward influence of external condi- | lions.— 7'///- HuiiiVjLfiuit. CoMi'LAiNTs similar to those expressed by 1 farmers in (Queensland relative to losses caused by the discharge of sparks of fire from passing railway engines have been made by owners of 'camps' -'stations) iu .South America. From the Jjijiitiii-nt (,W, a .journal published in I.uciios Ayrcis, we learn that 'the sheep farmers along the route of the Western Railway com plain bitterly of the many lircs caused by the culpable negligence of the engine drivers. The drivers arc obliged to place wire caps on the ! chimney of the engine, but they never comply , with this order, and the consequence is that large sparks of fire escape aud ignite the camp. Tiie grass is now dry, and the thistles are full ing. A lire in the camp may cause serious dam age ; flocks of sheep and houses are iu danger ; large tracts of laud have already been destroyed between Merlu and Lobos ; the people feel very indignant, and have even threatened to pull up the mils. With all this before our eyes, we call the iittcution of the directors to the matter, and hope they will come to the .assistance of the sheep fanner, who is, without doubt, the main support of the country.' Mkmdlk not with AnoTiiKii'n Utccvi's.—A young gentleman had bacn told that a sudden shock or fright would cure the hiccups, and the other evening, while he was studying his lesson for the morrow by drawing a picture of the schooluia'ain on his slate, his respected pro genitor was seized with a fit of hiccups. The old gcntlcmau was tilted back in his chair, with his feet resting ou the top of the stove, and the young hopcfiifconcluded to try tlie cure on him. Just as the old man was ' rastliug' with a heart breaking 'hie,' the boy jumped aud yelled ' Fire ! The old man was just getting out ' cuh — cuh,' but be never got it out. He gave a jump which tilted over the chair, and in endeavoring to regain his lost equilibrium, his feet flew up against the table, upsetting it and a student- lamp which stood upon it, an*f his head landed in the ashes ou the stove hearth. The old ludy, hearing the racket, carao running in from the kitchen, and tripped over the old man's prostrate form, knocking down a whatnot with ' a lot of glusB and chinu ornaments. - When that boy's father arose from the wreck, and ehook ? the ashes and splinters of glass out ot his hair aud clothes, he was cured of the hiccups, but there was a look of BternnesB iu his 6ye. Tho boy can't play tag now, aud he sits on tfie edge of the scat at school, mid lies on his front when ' in bad,- and silently murmur* thn.t the did man can hiccup his old head off before lie will try to cunt liki again— t/ti Um, ' ' ' A Summer Episode, as Evolved by Little Joiinnv. — Last summer our dog Towser was a lying iu the sun a trine to sleep, out the flies wns that bad lie cuddout, cos he hud to catch 'cm, and bime by a bee lit ou his head, and was a working about ' like the dog was hisu. Towser he hel his bed still, and when the beo was close to his nose Towser winked at me, like he said, ' You see what this duller is a doiu' ; he thinks I'm a lijly of the vally which issent opn yet, but you just wait till I blossom, and you will see some fun.' And sure enough Towser opened liis mouth very s!o, so as not to frighten the bee, and the bee went inside Towser's mouth. Then Towser he sliet his eyes dreamy, aud his mouth too, and had begun to make a peaccfle smile, when tlie bee stung him, and you never see a lilly of the vally ack so iu ol your life.' A Gukat TiMU. — ' You jist ought to have been over to our house last night,' shouted one small boy to another on the Campus Martius yesterday. ' Why— making pictures V inquired the other. 'Naut much! humph! No, sir; our folks went away, and we had popcorn, two lauds of sweetened water, milk aud camphor, drew the dog around in the tablecloth, nnd the hired girl told us eight ghost stories.' — Detroit Tribune. Suspicious. — ' Oh ! your nose is as cold as ice,' a Boston father thought he heard his daughter exclaim the other evening, as he was reading iu the next room. He walked in for an explanation, but the young fellow was at one end of the sofa, and the girl at the other, while both looked so innocent ,-uul unconscious that the old gentleman concluded that his cars had deceived him, and so he retired from the scene without a word. Michigan Matrimony.— A iiikii in Michigan procured a divorce from his wife, intending to many another woman. The latter, however, got tired wailing, and married another man on the very day the divorce was granted. Then tiic fellow hesitated whether or not to make it up again with his wife, and while lie was hesi tating, his wife married another lellovv. This is what would naturally be called getting left all juoiind. A kioii old gentleman who owns more houses than any one man iu Nashville was waited upon by a committee for a subscription to re-build the fence about the cemetery. His reply was characteristic as well as humorous. 'Gentle- men, 1 have always made it a rule in my busi ness never to make any repairs uutil the tenants began to complain.' Thk Oakks of Ul'sinkss.— It is reported that a man went home at about :i o'clock a.m., and using his umbrella for a billiard-cue, smote his sleeping wife with it, crying, 'Pool !' and sank into slumber. He has since explained to his wife that women can have no idea how the cares of business will sometimes affect a man's brain. Oi.'iii:it ! Ukdkr !— Said a Missouri preacher — 'There's a powerful sight of giggling back thar in tiic corner, aud it's got to be stopped, or the Lord will delegate me to open the door and throw .some one out.' It was stopped. ' Monsikuk' AiiAiN.— The Paris Xoir gravely iufo.'-nici its readers during tkc recent visit of the Lord Mayor of London, that the mace which was carried before him is the bauble which ( Yomwdl flung passionately ou the floor, and that it still bears traces of the fall. 1'jjoFEsBon H.ahcki:i. says:— 'We arc justi fied in supposing that the primitive man must have been a woolly-haired, prognathous, dulico ccphalous being, of a dark brown ox blackish color.' Glad the thing is explained ; it always puzzled us a little. — American paper. Wny is the end of a fish's tail like the Prince Imperial of France ?— Because it is the hist of the bony- parts. Sime sermonisers (said Sydney Smith) preach as if sin were to be taken from man as Eve was from Adam, l.y casting them into a deep sleep. Thk Huston S'liidai/ Courier says: — 'The tenor aud soprano in a (South End choir arc to be married soon. They met by chants, the usual way,' iSekinu thk Stars. — James Frectnau Clarke lias invented a lantern to sec stars with ; but we dont't think his invention will amount to much. A man can see enough stars to last him a lifetime by simply sitting down heavily on the ice on the back of his head. Some men have seen millions of stars iu an instant by merely calling a bigger man than themselves a liar. While on her way to leap into the river, a Minneapolis girl met a man, who proposed marriage, and she turned back and was happy. Almost any day now one can couut four or five Minneapolis girls wandering along the river banks. A New Yonk lawyer lately defended a man for keeping his tavern open after ten o'clock at night. He wade the plea that it was ten o'clock until it was eleven, and won his case. E(jifAL to the Occasion. — An old stager was compelled by his worthy spouse to 'join the cold-water army,' which he did, promising never to touch a drop of anything else except iu sickness, lie has never been well since. 