NEWS AND NOTES. The " Ballrat Star Almanae" for 1875 is published today as a supplement to the Star, and will be dis tributed gratuitously this moring. We have again been compelled to publish without the dates appointed for the sittings of the law courts, as they have not yet been fixed, but as soon as possible we will publish /themTu lh'e~ist(« ir , feYA" s'upply*slips' /• to' our suhscribers wbo atnin'Wfokted; on applioritionj j 1/ o- '* /" )■ /Yhe Now/Year’s Holidays aro_ to Jje_ well ffilled_i ~wUK~Amusemehf8 r “for" pleasnre-soekera.” v Dn’' tte : Eastern Oval r the" ; New' Sbuth^Wrilfe tuterooloniid Team will play a match dgritici utleeu of the B.C.C. on Now Year’«-dns Au'cl Saturday.- On New Year’s day tho events occur:—The German Asso efettiA will hold a picnic at Bushy Park, on tho Buninyoug road. The Buninyohg Borough Park Turf Club races will be held on this usual eorirsri.. At Lai Lai the annual races will coovi d'd the ‘old course. At the Rifle, Butts ‘ri ’niriich.wiil be shot' between tho let B.v.R. and the Emerald Hill Artillery. Vhb Granij Athletiq at Smytli'eridrile will be sure to draw aViarge-'attendatfcri. At feinton and Scarsdalo sports will also bb hold. The Indus trial School children will bri treated to a picnic in the-Botanic Gartcris; The Wesley School .children .will /picnic it Dowling Forest. .The'Good Teinplaifs will hold a ball at the hall in Sturt street. At the Theatre Royal “ Struck Oil " will be repeated) and at the Mechanics’ Institute Mr /and MrS OASe will give their parlor entertainment-., tin Lake Wendoureo Mr Ivey’s now etciffiboat will.'be--added to the steam ;flotil!?, "ttl'il'e, and - boats wi)l; ply during the day. Excursion trains will bring visitors and take travellers away, and at Creswiok and CllVfieS ffislivals of various kinds will occur. IVabellera will bear in mind tickets'a£ tFri railways./. " , . ' . Td-ffibrrow (Saturday, 2nd January), has been pro claimed a public holiday under the Civil Service Act. ; '. ‘ We regret to state thet Ihri ibcust has made its ap pearance tbit; fwitoffilii the parish of. Wallace,; beyond Buhgarcdj’i'iid is playing aid havoc With the orit Crop In at direction. The caterpillar pest also a’coom panics the locust, and the/ farmers ritoAbilgeil to cat their crops at once, to prevent iffieln beiug riestroyed. The locusts in one pribt 'or the district are described as being "tss plentiful as the/blades of gfsst.” . A Most'■extraordinary escape'from r n serious acci dent occurred in- Lydiard street on Thursday after noon, about five o’clock.’ A bibulous iudividiiil tyas .driving a,horse and dray, near thn Prist-office, and-had fallen, off his seat on th'cbari; immediately under.the .Fb?®]?) fiflk.riffi.jipfpe .feeling’, in .the br me hamnu chock immediately ./pulled rip, and'ajlowed the min' to'bedragged 'from his perilous position'.' 3 He" was bhce : mi:re' - hbisted l 'fo' i )!!4 ( EbiiV’dii theicaft,! arid 'the hdrso ‘ and ; 'dtivcf ' : #4nt 'bn their devious, way. towards Soldlefa 1 HilU 1 U " ,'i- An;ihrinPSk'V» as 'held on Thursday'oh'the body of a mill /named Robert Smitli,: who died in the Benevolent AajtonijOt} the^'preyioiiß.day.;-. The.}.debased-.was'.ad mitleil/utp the . institutionon, Wednesday / Morning; hnwas then very ill, and in' ri’ hours afterwards expired. He had beiiii an inmate of the Hospital for some, tiioei.Tliri'medical evidence showed that death arose Rom natural cause's,'being causedffiy exhaustion ensuing upon pneumonia and ‘tubercular /disease of bothlungs; 1 .. .' / .. /. , There was nearly being another fire on Wednesday evening, shortly after five o'clock. A Mrs Jewelan,, living in Peel Street,- was engaged in washing; and had a fire in the yard at the rear of her house. By.some means, probably the wind, the fire communicated .with a shed at the rear of Mr Giles 'Sir William Wallace hotel,'' and in an instant there was a big blaze. Mr Giles hearing of the fire got buckets of water, and by promptness in the use of them, suc ceeded in extinguishiig the flames. Had the flames secured a strong hold on the shed all the wooden buildings constituting the block would most likely have beev destroyed as the material is quite dry. This should act as a warning against the use of fires in the open air in summer weather. ; I’fiS town on New Year’ate ve was' busy, crowds, of visitors swelling the ordinary holiday turn- out iii the streets. .The press, however,' Was gd gfeiit as ;on'Christmas- eve,; though tlie fifidjjJs being kept open, the aspect of affidit feS ; lively,, and the appetite for ■holidiy.ffifi seemed to.beln nowise abated; A little before midnight the Aifred Bells pealed forth “good bye ” to. the old year,'and then rAbij a IveteoibA to the new year, while’ non- Mil tVoffleii wrire.worship-. ping . in tha. nhfifeii'd?, and others' were walking the streeti; di in their homes were wishing one another, ‘a happy new year.’’ As the old year gave up tbe ghost, the drum and ffe band of the, B.Y.R. burst out suddenlydn’Stiirt street' witli a/rapid and SpriordriS version of “ Auld ' Ling Pyrie;”' aiHid gfeoefs"' rind sho.uts frotn the Übjd./wßd were apparently "as .wide a*fisS al if the small hours were not imminent, arid some serious as well.'as jovial thoughts were riot out, of place altogether. ', ~ , ’/ A social gatheringjof the Ballarat City Fire : Brigade took place on Thursday evening At the Stehioii-ficuse, to celebrate the, Mb jUaJr of the old year. The affiiir tdbk line form of a private ball and was most success ful. Mr Richard Win tie acted Us ,M.G. during the evening. BruunVK|!ud furnished the music'.' There were nearly fifty ecu pies present, and most of the officers of the brigadi attended. .Criutaiii Levitt; was absent in Tito picture paiijted by Mr C. W. Thomas, the ’Battle of Albuera, ghich has been highly spoken of in Melbourue,.arrival in-Ballarat on-Wednesday. It it now at‘lo Lyons Street, where those who take an interest ia art.caulsee it. . It is'not intended to ex hibit the picture imblioly, owing "to’tho 'risk; rind expense of doing ri, bvif tinlicS arid oorinoisseurs can obtain,4 private view at the residence of Mr Thomas as given' above. U is.iuot necessary that we should say, more than thatjtho picture fully merits the praises .bestowed upon it. i ' ; / ! / ■ ; The match, New; South Wales Intercolonial Eleven y Fifteen ,o£ the 8.D.Q., will bb ooniaeuced this morn ing on the Eastorl^Oval at eleven o’clock sharp. As the weather promts to be fine,' a large attohdarico "is expected. The dmm and life baud o£-tho B.V.R. will play soleotious of Inusio’ during the day. Tho B.C.C. fifteen mot on thq’gronnd ou Thursday ‘afternoon for the purpose of decting. a ‘captain; their choice fell upon Mr C. M, Wateori; Whd,/V.'S HofiC/ iVill give a good accrirint ox lis, stewardship./. The lessees of the Theatre Royal, Missrs Allison arid Hiscooks, on being informed by’ the! secretary of‘the 8.C.C.; that the N.S.W._ Intercownial Eleven Would visit' Ballarat, very kindly issuad complimentary tickets for the team. The teani were yesterday afternoon met at the railway by Missrs Thompson, Bryce, aricl Williams, and. were., accompanied, to the- Boyal - hdtdl, Where luncheon Wafi taaen. The visitors were then con veyed to the Late and^Gardens, and.aftenvards to the Oval, where some r practice'' was had; In the evening the party dined at the Royal, Mr W. G. Smith; M.L.A., in the chair;' thajßalliiriit/captain and . secretary, being also of the company. Last eight’s iterdid saysi— “ Tlio New. Soirih AV/ales cricketers' \vith two excep tions; left Melbourne" by the'll.3o mail" train this morning .for.Ballarat, and .were.‘seen off ’ by most of the leading metropolitan crioteters; The Welshmen will take up their|qiiarters at draig's-hotel. Owing to Spbfforth and'Woodb 1 having been obliged to return to-day to Sydney,' the tearii Avill be somewhat weak ened. Barton aud Crane, the late umpire and scorer of the Sydney;team, .- will take', the place of the secedersi ; ;'/"■ -v. "• •• ■ A meeting of the workmen of the Pbrnuis ffouridry Company was held at the, Edinburgh • Castle last evening, to rnnho final arrarigemerits for. their picnic to Burrumbeet ou Saturday, 2iid January. Mr Dun can was in the chair, and reported that a special train had been arranged for, Arid/ thrit, No/116—the last passenger engino delivered^/was to take out the triviu, which «;as ,to start at mrid • d’clopk ui the .teotniri"', and ito '. 'return ; in tho ■■' evening at half-past five. Mr Duncan’ also' reported that a band of music was engaged, and that all amuse ments, such as qubit!, croquet, cricket, &c.;, were provided., , ..Mr., .W/aru will supply-, .tliu- edibles. Any employee not "supplied with’ a ticket can obtain one -,by applying to; Mr , Duncan, at the Edinburgh Castle hotel, ■ . Beferring to a-pangraph which wc took; from’the Melbourne of .the Hamilton Spectator hbout School of ; ifihes, -. the )ißcndiyo Independent Sll ys:-—“ The richest portion o£ the joke, however, is the exquisitely humorous idea . that ‘ because the Minister of Mines rqjreseuts Sandhurst the Ballarat School, which has always been a great success, is to be cabined,; cribbed, • 'confined, s ■'and 'rendered , compara tively sterile, lest Sandhurst iti iier jealousy ahould take offeuce at the success of her rival, aud vent her spleen upon her representative.’ If the Melbourne correspondent of thoHamilioji Spectator were as much behind the scenes as he’would fain have his readers believe, he would very .wolf that the last that the Minister of Mmes'carfes‘ for, v 6r 'affects to care for, is the interest of his constituents. In very few senses ©f woi^rcan- he vclaim\to be con sidered a representative, and well would it have been for thecityif it had never been burdened with tliehonor of returning a live Minister of the Crown, v/ho is too much occupied in looking after his place to waste many precious moments upon his constituents or their wants. We should be-very glad r rto find anyone who could ppinfc has benefited Sandhurst; certainly not by acceptiug that oilice, for all his-minifig’ legislation has proved frivolous or abortive, aud he has distinctly shirked the.pledges he with 'reference io matters of the' greatest importance to this gold-field.*' If this bo »truo we owe an apology todMr'Mackay, Our : Smythesdale correspondent writes; —“The Grenvilleahire thistle-iispector has taken out about a do*en gummonaea against farmers in tho past and ’westridings of the shire for/negleoting to eradicate the,, ■thistles ou their respective holdiugs. This is the first ; batch of summonses' issubd*by tho inspector •-thfa,- ; ■ season' in respect ofi the . thiijtlo neet 1 . Tho Shire jCounoil has always Shown, a reluctance to act harshly: . iti-filicli a matter,,and fchhre ougiit to ho fair 'and,. . reasonable exertions'on the. part \ of the farmers and managers of commons to comply with the require ments.of.tho.Thibtle Act,” ” . , ,y - ■ , A, horse ,attached to a milk-cart bolted Erdrii Blor ■ ton/a.store,-jin thri Mriill fdad, oh Thursday afternoon, ,\v!iiiSo.lue.ariver..\vas in. the. store, purchasing goods. - . The runaway,,,was .gallantly stopped-, by Sergeant Lamer,when hear. Barkly street, _ before any. damago had been done. The sergeant hurt his right hand in securing the.horse. , .. To-day,'‘N«iv;,Year’6’-(fes, lire -.telegraph-offices will bo open friVffi 8,30 to 10.a.m.; and from 6 to 7 p.m. / M Tli'e hew. State schooi at,Ca|re pieted/'ri/ith the exception ,’ot, sbe .desks: ; wHipHh.will.Jj e placed, in tlie school previous, to tile bs plration of the holidays to allow, of - the duelling dti llto tesiimptipn or tefibul/dritiM./ the,new building is’ in /an excellent situation oh a tract,of level ground > to j the 'south /of Cape, Clear, rind though with little of/the < ornamental excepting the . spires at each end, . it ‘/still/ forma an in teresting fealufe in a pretty landscape, ;i.lt measures ‘4O feet by 20 feet; being capable of holding 'iOj) .chil dren in aoßordanUo tVltll tlih aepdrlmeiic iregulritions, Whfbh relliure'eight, sduarb,^fe'et to'a’hliild; / The'cost is £320; The oontractor^lr'Briintoil, of Snlythes dale/Avh’o erebtedThn Nefl'towri riciidbl; has certainly not detracted.frpni Ills i'hpUtallqii. to; ri bUilder-,in the erectidn ,of this stihbthrdj whlcli tis',well finished. and of thh m'bsV substantial -character. The old school building has -been pnrchasedu.by . the j Church' of 'Bug land committee, who jutend to. continue ■ tho' serlfides there hhtii they breefc ri new chdrchV '"'' ....PunSmylhesdrile cbrreridoildbnt ingbf, Vlio.coHlmiUeq of-.the Smythesdale Mechanics’; liistllute wris held bri Wednesday evening; Mr Peter Telfordi.in' tho ichair.v -The principatobusincto to be disposed of was a motion; on notice,. by Mr U; Bistdn, having ! for ifs'bbject'jtUb'j-ediictiori df the; Secretary’s ealarY;'to,aUch,nii rimUiint Mi! thri dhpicSscdistatoiof the district rihd.me embarrassed the institute demanded. A letter was read from Mr W. Boykett, intimating .to. theeffect that he had..been informed that the secretary had resigned,: and' offering, if such were.the case,:to clisobarge .theVduties for the use of the house and fuel, without salary; till such time as the obmmittcb could bo In a pysitibn : tri j/ay. a Th'b geerßtiUjr,.ib arisri'ffi 1 to tab cdmiiiittcb, explained thafh'e'expected to lie, leaving in the course of about a month, .or perhaps sooner; imd.lre offered to fulfil the duties without salary from the end of the year till sucte.timeras he would /leave,:'askings only the libris’e accommodation; &c.; After ri lehgthy aistuSsidn; it ;wAs dhriifibd to giVe' Hiffi'Os’webkly in addition. j.As to the accounts,,he.,explained, that he had £5 5s in hand belonging to" tlie institute, £1 5s of which he Bad,received within the last day or two; dHe^wns-.in structed to pay-this money into the bank,/as provided in/the rules,land;his.account for, £7 18s was passed for baymeht aihid a gboit fleal- of joking as to 1 thb diffi culty theta Would be in'gettlng the bankbr tb'cash the cheque. It was. decided .that the books' and accounts be’audited ‘up 1 to the end of the year.' Mr John Keith intimated that,"he had. received some,private corres pondence, to the effect, that the ;Rev. Mrlnglis would be. obliged,toi.p.ostppue his ; lecture, on behalf of the iSstitiite tlii tab nioritii of i’’ebhiarjri’ 1 The following are the entries and handicaps for the LintpUi,Handicap ,and- Walking''Match:—Handicap, 150, 300, and 440 yards—Jno. Loads, sc, sc, sc; T. Austin, : 3, 9,15 yds; A. M'Kcich, 4, 11, 13; John M‘Kay, 8, IS, 30; P. Andrews, 8, 18,30; Ed. Ebbels, 12, 29,"4dj T. Cbdstablbj .il, 24, 42; John Gtriffiths; 14, 24, 42; Ed. Dean, 14, 24, 42; W.-Hall, 16, 30, 43; G. M'Auley, 16, 30, 45; H. Pollard, 16, 35, 48; J. Caldwell,l6, 38,/50i' -WalkingHatch, 2.J Fitches, sc; Jas. Green, sc; E. Ebbela, so; L. Morgan, 10 yds; J. Lynch, 10; El. Parks,' 30; R. Durie, 50; R. Dodd, 80; G. Cairns, 100. Ho quoriim of the coriucll of the University could be got together on Wednesday afternoon (says the Age), and consequently the ele'itioti of, a piofessot of history anil • political eebuomy cbiild not be' made. Another meeting. Will be called for the, purpose. I’bo death of tlie Hon. B. Williams, an old colonist, J at the age of 70, is announced Tile Aye says that formerly Mr William's was in business in the city, and-he has occupied the .ppsitidn df it representative of the Eastern Province id the Legislative Council fdr idahy years past. As a legislator Mr Williams Was almost unknown, and,took but little part in political / proceedings. The deceased gentleman was a native of Dublin, and arrived in the, colony in -very early' dajß... ... .. // Jackson; an old colonist; and long, a tecldeiil or fildtlnt Herder, lids recently (says the Geelong Advertiser) sold out. at a satisfactory figure, his.excellent farm, of about 1000 acres to. Captain Coltish, of Shank Hill; and l he intends entering into pastoral pursuits in the Riverina’ district.” On Wed nesday evening he was entertained by, many , of his numerous friends at a complimentary banquet afc the Garibaldi hotel, Durham. sha. distridt sustains an ■undoubted loss in the departure of Mr Jackson, for in every movement that tended to its welfare and ad- ’ vanceraeut he was ever one of the foremost,- while his kindly and genial manner endeared .him to almost all with whudi lib canto into horitadt. jj the iinafleoted iiild genuine hospitality of Mr and Mrs Jackson mriiiy cun bear witness. , The R.M.S.S. Ceylon, carrying the mails for Eng land, raised her anchor at two (says the Herald), and steamed down the Bay. She takes over a quarter of a million of gold. The following is the passenger list;—For King George’s' Sound—Hiss Gowclen, Mr Drackeri, Mr Willehdbn, Mr Stone, Mr Ditchbourno, Rev. F. A. Hall, Mr Major. For Gllenelg—-Mr and Mrs Fisher, Mr Fitzherbert, Mr and Mrs St. Johns, Signor Veroli, Mr Martin,; and Mrs Baker. For Suez—Mr S. M. Gibbs, the Rev. D. Kaye. For Malta —Colonel rind Mrs V/estopp. For Brindisi—Mr C. B. Smith. For, Venice-—Sir G. F. Bowen, Major Pitt, AD.C.; Mr and Mrs Waterhouse; two Misses Water house, Mr Jlacmillan, Mrs and. Miss Tracy, Mr and Mrs Mackenzie, Miss. Mackenzie, Miss Liugham, Mr Garter,, ’Mr, Parker, Captain Fothergill, Mrs Bladen Heill. For- Southampton—Mr and Mrs. Swanston, Miss M'Donald, Miss Martin, Miss Swanston, Mr and Mrs Fairchild, Sirs Pitcairn, Blr .Loveine, ,Mr Eliot, Mt di’reSidi '; " At the half-yearly meeting of the dunes Branch of the Hiberniati'BeneSt' Society, 'the" folio wing office bearers were elected;—President, Br Bullock; vice president; Br O’Rourke; secretary, Br Richardson; treasurer, Br Brennan ; guardian, Br Dixon; sick visitors, Brs Shea and Christopher; district delegate, Br J. Finn. ' ' - ■ The following, members of the Slorhing Star Tent of Rechabites, Clunos, haVe been elected officers for the ensuing six months :—C.Ii., Br Pratt ;' D.R., Br Stephens ;, secretary, Br Bonds ; ■ treasurer, Br Richards; P.C.R., Br Sutcliffe ; W.S., Br Williams; M.S., Br Crocker; L., Br North; - G., Br S. Richards. We have recoiVeil from Mr Bardwell’s Studio cartes-de-visite of Dr O’Connor, the R.C. Bishop' of Ballarat. It is hardly, necessary to; state /that'l.the likenesses are perfect. / The bishop is taken both in fllcHoal ahd private costume. The'first'load of the treW season’s crop of oats passed through tKe prodiice market yesterday, from the ■farm of Mr John Wilson, Mount Pisgah. The price realised was 5s 9d per .bushel, Messrs Gray and Osborne being the agents. A fire oCoUrted bn Monday,' 28th December (says the Pleasant Crcetc, 'itfeltls) at Mr Matthew Dalkin’s farm, near the Great Western, the circumstances con nected with which aro;very, singular. , He had some men employed reaping hia crop of grain, when ' sud denly a fierce fire spraDg up. in a brush fence, several /hundreds/of feet away from where tire,men .were har vesting. : The' fire, : driven by the breeze,-aran along and destroyed the fence with great rapidity, all efforts nwde to. extinguish' the flames being-futile.'/- .About 30 acres of good grass were also destroyed, but the fire did not reach tho grain that was-being gathered in the same 'paddock. The progress" 'of the 'flames was checked by a change of the wind which took place at a.most critical time. . On examination of the place where tho fire originated/ the remains of a glass bottle'were found, and it ia fully/ believed that lliis had concentrated the/sun’s .rays ou some ; portibn of the brush fence,/ and acted as a burning-glass. ,/.We hiivb received.Gellatly’s Calendar f0r.1875. It contains the mail arrivals and departures, and ds em bellished with somebody’s portrait; •• ■ ' \ MrEummerscalea has sent us a copy of No. l of tho ‘‘Australian Musical Magazine," price eighteen ponce, published by Nicholson and Ascherborg, of Melbourne. It contains fourteen popular ballads, and is certainly well worth'thp money.- < \-- - // We are requested to .state that" during; tho iimo’the New South Wales eleven wore 'practising on the Oval on Thursday afternoon,' Mr N. Thompson lost a gold trophy hat off Ids watch- chain. Any-person finding it will oblige by-leaving it at tho Pavilion hotel. . ... • There, w as . another large gathering" at the Alfred Hall last night, on the occasion, of tho winding-up of the Christmas Tree celebration.- A' merry dance there at midnight ushered in th 4 New Year. The takings during;the evening amounted to"£9o.'C; -r Thursday’s Argus On the 7th March, 1873, a maa mamed Smith,'working: on;Wauchob’s' farm, near Beaufort, was /robbed of/.a /silver watch and £4 inimohey./ /Suspicion I resfcd//upon/’a''fellow-Workmah, who was ; traced.to Chepstowe! by the .police /and searched,'without/the-watch being found, arid :/as the. money in his possession’’could ' not- b'e . was released. Nothing further was heard or thought of the matter till the 4th instant, when a watch corresponding with the description given by Smith was -found in’a pawnbroker s shop m Geelong, ,:by Detective Mackay, jwlio,: by the ’’mat tef’found.i,that u noledrlarnkm, pugilist named 'Robert'lStydre' lidd:pawned:;it! .nad- be, it appeals, furasbdt to lie, Sniithb foildA:!abo% nnathe man who was searched uuavaihngly- at Ohoi sW'-vo Ho was yeaterda* appreheudedi, and will V° , blo . u ° d ,- at ~the 'Qeolqug. Ppliqe-court preparatory to being reniandedXo^lJeauJort.’’^; it h iidtj that- the Judicature’ Act,' wmOh,-:comeD :.lntp^Jp-ra tion oxeeution then in the,.hands of,any sheriff. Section 7, however, enables the nart* who issued ■writ ild ;tlie: sheriff -of-aany baiifwiofi' hfi: fnay islesl. Parties who wish to retiunthepriority of‘their writs should obtain a judge’s .order; at" once;v/Thnse who do not care about the ;priority-can - issue fresh writs. In addition to the usual Tifoaday «nd Friday; chamber bifsihess wili be tiikeh.on Mpnda* ne2t,;so. that orders of tfddSfHv;M'bq'-dritiiuJed,iin fhqt .'day,, and thus; prevent what woiila-oiiierwisb b'd a Stij- of eiecution^ A salmon trout, .weighing T lb; was caugho id ipd Dunedin Harbor on-22nd. December.. ' A trouble-stricken penitent;iiamed Mary .Call, carry ing a baby in 'her arms, applied .this- morning ~at ;,the- (sdys -Thursday's Tints') for as sistance to enable• her.--tu::. live;':: Shov .was? discharged froril thfe othef day, penffilessiaifa fHe&llesSj; a sinrioi- with novthefe to go.” Her bap* is fife’ dfoitlis old; was bprh iiad ehHsteded - i'ii; gaoVtlpdef the fiatlie of Jaaic3 : j daepU Biirn 3, niici tbo,i;;uthen is anxious,to get a situation,- to do. Which'shefptlnd'it-necessary-to get her child; into the,-Industrial School, this; , she'sought the advice of the bench, who (consisting of the Hayot i. and r Messrs i C(ihhip'gham ’ and; ; Adcock) ordered the case to stand byer-'nntil Monday. ‘ \ Supplemcntary (luZcllcs publish the new Drawback, Regulations and Schedule, and announce that Saturday jls a bank - holiday. ■' ■' ; t v ; ■?l We'see by the Tii'smanian and New- Zeidand papers,' that pthe Athericaii astrouomitnil parties iu‘ those |6’oii)tiies have been 'diiiy ’ ’fete'd: by tlievßritishci-a ;;,qf; thqse,,paits. In lieiv Zeabind PrafoesOtr- Petera qfthe American party said in‘r€Spqnsa-to : *a - toast.'—“What • In my line of' observation has^^recently’Jpccurred ffias; not happened in the lifetime of any bn'ediyibgj'.as far as I know. i.Let us look at-what tliis means. ; -When ; the last transit of Venus (in r 1769)’“ took’ 'place ;the ; Huited States of America did not exist.as-a iiation." In ■ that year) fcrtbe flrst time, they knew ,tnat ;: astrbno-_ mers and observers had' been ‘"sent- put to view the transit of Venus; . My ownreojintry .was then a new country. Tt'belqbged tb the British,.Government.. I' come now from.that new country to a yet newer-one to renew-the observations of Captain Cook. ' (Cheers:) 1 was not brought by this new country, I, ; but’.'.sent'; to it. It has obtained, therefore^some,reputation. The event I and out.party. oamO to observe has; taken placej but j have observed,.many other things as an astronomer. I possess, also, another qualification— that of an Ustrologif.' ’ I have been' reading . for, the past, now let mo read for the future those stars, r l nightly study.. Let me tell you, in all sincerity,-what: 1 haVe thought.they told mo as. 1 ‘looked at; them; nightly. ‘ I have seen clcatly—fl soo .in.the stars a large; city hero of the future; railways Converging- upon it; people coming from many other parts of* tho earth to enjoy its beautiful climate, and. behold;,..its,.grand scenery.”, ’, ’ : r .: T.he Lily of the Valley Juvenile Templars Lodge, numberingbO membera/will hold their first-picnic at Burnimbeet on Saturday. Vehicles for :the - convey ance of the little folks have been provided,.and a large number of the parents and friends will: a'cconipany them. /, The following are the ten men selected.to shoot on, behalf of tho lottal.,,teams-,against the -Emerald Hill Artillery and the East Melbourne Rifle and Carbine Club,' this'day; •"-First; squad, consisting of Major Sleep, Captain Greenfield, Corporal Mpnibourghl'Pri vates Purdy and- Watters; will fall iu at Butts at 8.30 ; a.m. sharp. Second squad, Quarter- Master, White, .Sergeants Mumby, and Grants Corporals Scott and Brown,.fall in at Butts at , .; , ; “ Struck Oil ” was repeated at the Theatre Royal on ’ Thursday evening to a full and fashionable audience, who, by their unbounded applause; testified .to,,the rexceliehce-; of the acting of Mr Williamson as the' Dutchman, John Stofel, and Mrs Williamson'as Lizzie. Tbefull houses that eaoh‘ evening‘greet this accom plished couple is proof that their are appreciated, and this evening .will doubtless .be no exception to the rule, when the drama will be re peated. ■ ' - : Mr and Mrs George Case’s - entertainment at the Mechanics’ Institute was' fairly patronised on. Thurs day evening,-' thd programme -being . entitled “The Drawing-room Floor,” iu which. Mrs Case again showed her estraordinary po.vVers of versatility by imperson ating a number of characters with that facility and rapidity which distinguish the role of this favorite artiste.. As Katly Mooney (a maid of all work), Mrs Kubbards, Captain de Boots, a charity girl, a country bumpkin, Miss Minerva ’ Cassandra (a votary of the Muses), and many ‘other represeutative’characters, she was as good as dver, and received the well-merited applause of- the audience.' Mr George Case filled the ‘instrumental portion of the programme with great success; ' The entertainment, as on the first evening, was thoroughly enjoyable. This evening a change of programme- is - announced, and, as these talented artistes -finish their engagement to-morrow evening, which'will bo theit last appearance before ah Austra lian'audience previous to a final retirement from, the stage, those who wish .to see and hear Grace Egertou shouhbnot lose the only opportunity. 