WALTER'S WORD.* By James Pays, Author of " Lost Sir Massingbera," " At Her Mercy," Ac. Chapter VIIL THE ACADEMY CIRCULAR. I once knew a very clever bat paradoxical man who was wont to explain that, upon the whole, the BritiBh House of Peers were created from personal merit: his line of ar gam ent I forget, and, indeed, though urged with great ingenuity, it was somewhat diffi cult to follow even when in process; hat I am nearly sure that genuine conviction ani mated it, until he became a peer himself; after which, modesty, or perhaps eome innate sense of humour (in which I had always thought him deficient), sealed his lips upon that subject. There is a natural ana whole some desire on the part of the public to believe such things. I very much question whether ninepeopleintendonot entertain the delusion that a Bilk gown (for example) is an honour conferred upon barristers for emi nence in their profession: I am quite sate that it would shock them to hear, that for every Victoria cross that is given for valour, half adosenece applied for in vain. Folks ; in. the country even believe that pictures are accepted or rejected in the Royal Academy 1 every year solely upon their own merits; that , the Hanging Committee know nothing about them; that they are sent in without name or address, and simply with a motto—like the poenm that compete for the Newdigate or the Chancellor's medal—and are adjudicated upon without any personal referenoe to the artists. And yet these good people would be gffite^in^bedif you inquired if theybelieved • Waller'luttou'knew very few 1LA.S, and none who were upon the Hanging Com mittee of that year., No member of It was inveigled into the Seoond floor in Reech street, and persuaded to oast his eye upon "Supplication," in .order that, when be saw it agun upon a certain momentous occasion; recognition might follow. Jack Palter would have dohe him that good tum-tor AsteM oqe of those who will do tor afriend what "Wild hones" would not have oompeued hiin to do lor himself—but Waltv declined the offer. . T'My dear Jack," said he, "you are most kind ; b*t X would rather the thing stood «!» iteow&htek.;" " I want itjto hang on the Line," was Jackl only rejoinder. ■H^WeSl 1 hope it wfll. or, at ell event*, somewhere.- u may be very foolish ofmfe, and ver^ sanguine, but 1 have great am rJh fhe committee f' broke to. P«te*. "Then you must he very foolish ana very sanguine indeed." MNo^tothe merits ofjhe picture.® ^ Jack. J*Do(yon think it will ton»OT®httor .aPfe |OAtm0llk!e . . \■' ■._! ; •"■•Bis right «f republishing "Waltef* WOM" has hajmwd by thvpwpriHonof "®ieA«# diploma picture." But though, W€-, friend, he had a high t this particnlar pi •which Walter expended a of time and pains. His tireofhisproductions, acareless worker, butaiwh*!^'? toi a careless worker, VW« WO BS i picture his mind had began te helSStSS11 its successor. He always M" work bis best, of oontse," be nothing to that wilts nuiuu .wee to mnSSg in Wb brain. But tion" the case was different. Every was wrought up to the highest pitch (*£?' fection of which he was capable, aadhtw never tired of touching and retouching thZ?, he did not retouch the face, either beau^T?' v ne aid not retouch the face, either be®mjfv'< was satisfied with it, or because he dhffl! his ability to effect improve would fix his eyes upon It for !.L «— =-*■—" " .— -— -*r *" *»t tong inten with the intensity of an intett&w;^ Then he would low up with asighTandi himself with the embroidery of (W, lippa's robe, or with the colour of thecoBtC upon which she knelt. He wotid$veny this when his model was in the ro6jjB,1oJrM ful of her presence* and of the monn^fl hour it cost him; and upon one or fa» Jgi tions, he noticed that she, also, had hstfrll of abstraction. Then it struck him that W , face had grown paler of late, and her ]w eyes less lustrous, and his tender heat £=, proached him for his indifference. "We have been wor"" picture, have we not, Red Riding-hoodr^' he kindly. " Don't you think fou^STi^ the better for a little holiday v' • J 00ncenled.8ir.B^ "You look so," retained he, regarding in really quite a paternal way; " very W.; and out of sorts. Axe you sure yon v» well?' Yes, sir; lam well enough." " But you may not be a good judge of tw - I shall go round this afternoon, and speaks, your father about you, little one." " Oh pray, sir, don'tspdakto him f retam«l> she with sudden vehemence. "Indeed.in, ' deed, there is nothing the. matter with n»~, nothing, at least, to speak of. There ii m, need for any holiday. Betides, father be bills to pay Which were not settled at Ch% mas, and it would vex him if I fell ontd' work just now." 81 "Oh, I daresay we can manage about fie" bills. You have been one, two, three. fan — -p wuSt VI and so far as this picture is concex can get on very well by myself now. yes; you must nave a holiday." "As yon please, sir," answered nuue humbly; "that is, so far as the sitting!»» concerned. Indeed, I have felt that 1 hue been picking your pocket for the last bi weeks." " Picking my pockety Red RidinghoodL Why, how was that ?' "Well, sir, I have seen that I was otttuh. or no use. You don't know how abseniiM. thoughtful you have become; I might joitap well nave been at home as in your studio, for " all the good I have been to you for tbahtf. hour, for instance. And then the pictm* isn't like me* not a bib It was at first perhaps, just a little; but you have been, thinking of somebody else all along, »nj;' been painting her instead iff me." . The colour rose to the very roote d Wa ter's hair, but he answered laughingly, "And; has that offended you, Red Riding-hood, ell; along?' "No* sir; indeed, I didn't notice itatM, But it seems wrong that I should comehen- : and take your money, when yon could get ca> just as well without me." " And that's what makes you look so pah and sorrowful, is it? Yon muBt certainly few a very tender conscience. However, letmt tell yon, for your comfort Red Riding-hood, that I can nod get on without yon. I have got used to you as a titter, and when folk* have come to the age iff your grandmamma, they are averse to change. Perhaps you have sat long enough forPnilippa; but you have plenty of expressions beside that pleading one, which yon have worn so long thatldo believe it has made you downright miserable. Mr. Pelter has recommended me to take the* game of Forfeits for a subject, which vriD require you to be full of fun ; and, after l month or two of that* I shau expect yen to-, be in tearing spirits." When Walter and his friend were smoking; their pipes that evening, the former spoke or1 his model's altered looks, and of the talk to had had with her. "I could make notMng: of it, except that she must really have taken- - it to heart that the picture is not a portrait <, I wish you would take her for a bit, Jack,anfli put her in good spirits." ' "I em doing a veteran in boots ana a beard," said Pelter drily; " and I should re commend you to paints veteran for your nert picture—Miss Nellie's great- aunt, for in* stance." " Nonsense! Iam really serious inaen^ your opinion, for I am sue the girl is oojJJ sorts about something; toot ill, I think, W wretched in her mind. What the deuce raw v be the matter with her f* , "I am afraid Red Riding-hood's grand* mamma is turning out to he a wolf, m SPto of herself. Walter." "I don't understand you, Falter." . • "Don't yon? Ifs a very old story,®!#®® fellow, I don't form moment imagine you want to devour her, mind, thoughsbe be a dainty morsel for some people. J®1 have a suspicion she wants to he eptwa ■ "You don't mean to sAy that the gmW : # 1 - SM : . faReqin love with me T . . "Iamnot sure; counting for tastes, aadghemay have®®* r so. I sun glad, for her sake* at aU«v»nty| that yon axe a gentleman—ani-not a r, honou." * " "I.hope not, ftodefcdrin the ton*J mean," answeredWalter, reddening, it seems to meyowviewfaMe calorie." would he if I ha$ that she has fallen, in,love i certain; downcast syee, ~ tighM, are all 'signs.'as them In his Anatomy., You ^—— then* under the . head of ' Love Perhaps she is enamoured of yoM, A"ww' which is as large ae lifia and 'very hke* things have happened in ihe.tose of sr imd rinoe nohodywill buyit,youhafl give it to.hex. ;•,= "I thipk what. Ifeeiy aa that aha t With me," told Walter that tin says her i " Youare toot "or, in other fooL Also, I )' beer, hatha had nO wweto^- r--7^tii, aponhardMiiofheart.®1' r note anzioUB about its xate ^ Walter b&nselL; Indeed, Walter ex fodiference in the matter, which, B^/Jog wiat the other knew of his factorInt antecedents, was inexplicable n$friend. He showed despondency, sit ^lmoBtiUe for whole days alone—for he I for tie present, dispensed with the ^.Jg 0.' Nelhe Neale—bat not those ™tomsot solicitude lor the success of his "fS with which Jack was so, well Sued in other cases. The cause of this Sons, yet by no means unknown in Trpfesoon to which he belonged. He ,1 bis piclure. This is peculiarly an stS grievance. The novelist can both irf his cake and eat it: his book—the riifflg of which has given him so many )(fa of pleasure, and with the characters tereof, even though he may have failed in ■ ^— roai to others, he has been ated'fh!m redto others, he has bee) fiDg for months in uo UUDW w ftb those of his household—remains to fcfrn lerit is written. But when thenainter has fid his pictnre, it isgone forever. The majority Ibis class may be glad enough to get rid of f if the price is satisfactory; Belter was go d Litton himself had been go hithfcrtd. it now and then a picture become^ to its iator like a child toits father. The wrench Darting with it, however mitigated' by „„ fclVd* rwhin)i' ; UUWGfVa T3 — as severe as that . which '• * *• £ Wifru — pder his hand pder his hana in uuc^wvv tarty, oufcofaofchingijthas been hia com inion for many solitary hoars, whispering I him hopes of fortune and of fame, whiclk •wever realised, must needs fall'short of its Iggestions,' till, though so ineffably idem ft pecome something life-like. It is some. es pregnant with association, reminding i who drew it of some much-loved scent M Bmtn' aa rtn that QC6* vx Bv»*w —- - ran The heart has ( eight-armed demon of the sea, where k like it, it lays hold of ti^jra animate nanimate with dogged clutch; it clings, dines," and neither Sjren's voire nor son's can make it loose its hold. Walter ;ed his picture, though the fac? it ored haunted him like a ghost, ana Jd have been well content to hear it in that academical vault—the bourne om which all pictures do return to their igconsolate owners—so that he might go at nee and claim it It would he found there,, loubtless, as other works of his hgd been, nt meanwhile he grudged its absence. He another picture on bis easel, but his ;art was not in that as it had been in its ■tdecessor; he was equjilly painstaking, tonally conscientiouB with it, and yet he did jot need Jack's ominous silence—his o mis Mi to point out its defects—to convince him at it was a failure. At times bo errant was ■s mind that he saw both pictures—their nes and hues mingled together like a die "Ting view. Under such circumstances to at was useless, and he gave himself up to own morbid thoughts. ''Where was Lotty now? He had seen thing of Selwyn for months, nor heard of u, and so far, as he bitterly reflected, that s a good sign. In prosperity the captain - j more likely to forget his friends than if had need of them. On the other hand, ice he owed him money, he might be homed to come; they might be very, 17 poor. He had seen in the paper at Selwyn had sold out of the army, and iw_ he muat_ needs be living on his capi J, if his creditors had left him any to live ipon. And when that was spent, what xrald they do then ? To what wretchedness night not that innocent, angelic creature be educed by this time—and thanlm to him! t had not been Walter's fault, of course, mtke reproached himself for not having ombated the captain's arguments in, the ailway carriage in favour of their elope Dent—nay, with having been in the railway arnage at all, since, but for his presence, iOtty would not have taken that first fatal *ij home. At another time he pity for them both. What ignt had he to jndge the motives of Iris nena, since he knew for certain only the K* v- temptation, which he acknow Kl "imself—his own present feelings, «™l'.iwere "We^ence 0! the fact-was «uul «uem 111 weir croume, • uv vuguv co have known that their overty would have only exacted sympathy id respect, and to what catastrophes might Jtthis false pride impel him! 8urely, Barely, s would never permit Lotty to want, through sindination to apply a second time to, his fn Beauty purse 1 At this idea—the picture that fair young face white and. wan with' vysical woe—he would start up from his wr, and pace the room like a madman, be very postman's knock, though letters Jdom came for the lonely young fellow, mud suggest all sorts 0! hideous apprehen ds; there might be una ™» 