ST. MICHAEL AND ST. GEORGE. 13y GEORGE MACDONALD, LL.D., Author of *? Malcolm,' ' David E!gi:ibroil,' ' Alec Forbes,' ' Guild Court,' &c.; C'hai'Tkk XVIII. — Moonlight and Apple-jjlossom?. ''J'hf. next morning, immediately after breakfast, Lord Herbert .set out for Chepstow first, and then Llon r.iouth, both which places belonged to her father, and ?were principal sources of his great wealth. Still, amid the rush of the changeful tides of war .groirna tnem, ana tne rumour 01 oattie miing me air, all was peaceful within the defences of Raglan, and its towers looked abroad over a quiet country, where the cattle fed and the green wheat grew. On the far . outskirts of vision, indeed, a smoke might be seen at times from the watch-tower, and across the air would ?ccme the dull boom of a great gun from one of the foitresses, at which Lady Margaret's cheek would .turn pale; but, although every day something was ?-lor.e to strengthen the castle, although masons were at work here and there about the walls like bees, and Caspar Kaltoff was busy in all directions, now niount irg Iresh guns, now repairing steel cross-bows, now .?getting out of the armoury the queerest oldest iashioned engines to place wherever available points ?could be found, there was no hurry and no confusion, ar.d indeed so little appearance of unusual activity, that . .-an unniilitaiy stranger might have passed a week iu the castle without discovering that preparations for .?defence were actively going on. All around them the buds were creeping out, uncurling, spreading abroad, .'Straightening themselves, smoothing out the creases of their upfolding, and breathing the air of heaven — in some way very pleasant to creatures with roots as -well as to creatures with legs, The apple-blossoms -ame out, and the orchard was lovely as with an ?upward-driven storm of roseate snow. Ladies were often seen passing through the gates and walking in the gardens — where the fountains had begun to play, ar.d the swans and ducks on the lakes felt the return -of spring in every fibre of their webby feet and cold scaly legs. And Dorothy sat as it were at the spring-head of the waters, for, through her dominion over the fire ?er.gme, she had become the naiad of .Raglan. The same hour in which Lord Herbert departed she went to Kaltoff, and was by him instructed in its mysteries. On the third day after, so entirely was the Dutchman ;satisfied with her understanding and management of it, that he gave up to her the whole waterbusi ness. And now, as I say, she sat at the source of all *he streams and fountains of the place, and governed them all. The horse of marble spouted and ceased at her will, but in general she let the stream from his jmouth flow all day long. Every water-cock o.n the .great tower was subject to her. From the urn of her pleasure the cistern was daily filled, and from the .summit of defence her flood went pouring into the :moat around its feet, until it mantled to the brim, turning the weeds into a cold shadowy pavement of green for a foil to its pellucid depth. She understood all the secrets of the acqueous catapult, at which its ?contriver had little more than hinted on that memo rable night when he disclosed so much, and believed ??she could arrange it for action without assistance. At the same time her new responsibilities required but a ^portion of her leisure, and Lady Margaret was not the less pleased with the wise-headed girl, whose manners and mental ways were such a contrast to her own, that her husband considered her fit to be put in ?charge of his darling invention. But Dorothy kept .?silence concerning the trust to all but her mistress, 'who, on her part, was prudent enough to avoid any allusion which might raise yet higher the jealousy of Tier associates, by whom she was already regarded as supplanting them in the favour of their mistress. One lovely evening in May, the moon at the full, the air warm yet fresh, the apple-blossoms at their largest, with as yet no spot upon their fair skin, and -the nightingales singing out of their very bones, the sea son, the hour, the blossoms, and the moon had invaded ?every chamber in the castle, seized every heart of both man and beast, and turned all into one congregation of ?which the nightingales were the priests. The cocks ?were crowing as if it had been the dawn itself instead -of its ghost they saw ? the dogs were howling, but whether that was from love or hate of the moon, I -cannot tell ; the pigeous were cooing ; the peacock had turned his train into a paralune, understanding ?well that the carnaval could not be complete without him and his ; and the wild beasts were restless, utter :ing a short yell now and then, at least aware that something was going on. All the inhabitants of the ?castle were out of doors, the ladies and gentlemen in groups here andjthere about thegardens and lawns and islands, and the domestics, and such of the garrison as were not on duty, wandering hither and thither ?where they pleased, careful only not to intrude on their superiors. Lady Margaret wasj walking with her stepson Henry* on a lawn under the northern window of the picture gallery, and there the ladies Elizabeth and .Anne joined them — the former a cheerful woman, en dowed with a large share of her father's genial temperament; joke or jest would moult no feather in Xady Elizabeth's keeping ; the latter quiet, sincere, ?and reverent. The Marquis himself, notwithstanding ??& slight attack of gout, had hobbled on his stick to a ?chair set for him on the same lawn. Beside him sat Lady Mary, younger than the other two, and specially ?devoted to her father. Their gentlewomen were alsojout,' flitting in groups 'that now and then mingled and changed. Rowland Scudamore'joined Lady Margaret's people, and in a moment Lady Broughton was laughing -merrily. But .Mistress Dorothy walked on with straight neck, as if there were nobody but herself in heaven or on the ?earth, although mortals Tvere merry by her side, and nightingales singing themselves to death over her ?head. Behind them came Amanda Serafina, with her ?eyes on her feet, and the corners of her pretty mouth ?drawn down in contempt of nobody in particular. -Now and then Scudamore, when satisfied with his ?own pretty wit, would throw a glance behind him, and she, somehow or other, would, without change of muscle, let him know that she had heard him. This ,-group sauntered into the orchard. After them came Dorothy with Dr. Bayly, talking of their common friend Mr. ^Matthew Herbert, and following them into the orchard, wandered about ?among the trees, under the curdled moonlight of the ??apple- blossoms, amid the challenges and responses of five or six nightingales, that sang as if their bodies liad dwindled under the sublimating influences of music, until, with more than cherabic denudation, ^eir sum of being was reduced to a soul and a throat. Moonlight, apple-blossoms, nightingales, with the souls of men and women for mirrors and reflectors ! The picture is for the musician not the painter, either him of -words or him of colours. It was like a lovely show in the land of dreams, even to the living souls that moved in and made part of it. The earth is older now, colder at the heart, a little nearer to the fate of ?cold-hearted things, which is to be slaves and serve without love ; but she has still the same mocnKgiit, the sanieappie-blossoms, the same nightingales, an j -ve have the same hearts, andso can understand it. But, alas) how differently should we come in amongst the acces sories of «uch. a picture ! For we men at least are all but given over for ugliness, and, artiscally considered, even vulgarity, in the matter of dress, wherein they, of all generations of English men and women, were too ea? ily supreme both as to form and colour. Hence, while they are an admiration to us, we shall be but a laughter 'to those that corae behind us, and that whether thc-is- fashion be better than ours or no, for 1 liothing is so ridiculous as ugliness out of date. The glimmer of gold and silver, the glitter of polished steel, the flashing of jewels, and the flowing of plumes, went well. But, so canopied with loveliness, so besung with winged passion, so clothed that even with the heavenly delicacies surrounding them they blended harmoniously, their moonlit orchard was an island beat by the waves of war, its air would quiver and tluob by fits, shaken with the roar of cannon, and might soon gleam around them with the whirring sweep of the troopers' broad blades ; while all throughout the land the hateful demon of party spirit tore wide into gashes the wounds first made by conscience in the be&t;, and by prejudice in. the gbed. The elder ladies had floated awav together between the mossy stems, under the canopies of . blossoms ; Rowland had fallen behind and joined the waiting Amanda, and the two were now flitting about : like moths in the moonshine ; Dorothy and Dr. Bayly had halted in an open spot, like a moonlight im pluvium, the divine talking eagerly to the maiden, and the maiden looking up at the moon, and heeding the nightingales more than the divine. ' Can they be English nightingales ! ' said Dorothy, i thoughtfully. * ..; The doctor was bewildered for a moment. He had been talking about himself, not the nightingales, but he recovered himself like a gentleman. ; ' Assuredly, Mistress Dorothy,' he replied, ' this is the land of their birth. Hither they come again when the winter is over.' ? ' Yes ; they take no part in our troubles. They ! will not sing to comfort our hearts in the cold ; but ! give them warmth enough, and they sing as careless ; of battle-fields and dead men as if they were but moonlight and apple-blossoms r ' | ' Is it not better so ! ' returned the divine, after a ? moment's thought. ' How would it be if everything in natue hut re-echoed our moan ? ' i . Dorothy looked at the little man, and was in her ; turn a moment silent. ; ' Then,' she said, ' we must see in these birds, and i blossoms, and that great blossom, in the sky, so ?? many prophets of a peaceful time and a better j country, sent to remind us that we pass away and go i to them.' ! ' Nay, my dear Mistress Dorothy ! ' returned the all but obsequious doctor ; ' such thoughts do not well befit your age, or rather, I would say, your youth. Life is before you, and life is good. These evil times will go by, tlie King shall have his own again, the ? fanatics will be scourged as they deserve, and the Church will rise like tht phoenix from the ashes ; of her purification.' ' But how many will lie out in the fields all the : year long, yet never see blossoms or hear nightingales more !' said Dorothy. Such will have died martyrs,' rejoined the doctor. ' On-beth sides r' suggested Dorothy. [ Again for a moment the good man stood checked. He had not even thought of the dead on the other side. ' That cannot be,' he said. And Dorothy, how ever, looked up again at the moon. 1 But she listened no more to the songs of the nightin gale^, and they left the orchard together in silence, ' Come, Rowland, we must not be found here alone,' ? said Amanda, who saw them then go. ' But |tell me one thing first : is Mistress Dorothy Vaughan indeed your cousin r' I ' She is indeed. Her mother and mine were cousins-german — sisters' children.' ' I thought it could not be a near cousinship. You are not alike at all. Hear me, Rowland, but let it die in your ear — I love not Mistress Dorothy.' ' And the reason, lovely hater ? ' Is not the maiden fair to see r ' as the old song says. I do not mean that she is fair as some are fair, but she will pass ; she offends not.' ' She is fair enough — not beautiful, not even pleas ing ; but, to be just, the demure look she puts on may bear fault of that. Rowland, I would not speak I evii of any one, but your cousin is a hypocite. She is I false at heart, and she hates me. Trust me, she but i bides her time to let me know it, and you too, my i Rowland.' 'I am sure you mistake her, Amanda,' said Scudamore. ' Her looks are but modest, and her | words but shy, for she came hither from a lonely house. I believe she is honest and good.' ' Seest thou not how that she makes friends with none but her betters r Already hath she wound her : self around my lady's heart, forsooth ; and now she I pays her court* to the puffiing chaplain! Hast thou i never observed, my Rowland, how oft she crosses the | bridge to the yellow tower r What seeks she there ? i Old Kaltoff, the Dutchman, it can hardly be. I know j Bhe thinks to curry- with my lord by pretending to i love locks and screws, and pistols and such like. But j why should she haunt the place when my lord is not ; there, you will ask. Her pretence will hold the better for it, no doubt, Caspar will report concerning her. And if she pleases my lord well, he may give her a pair of watches to hang at her ears, or a box I that Paracelsus himself could not open -without the i secret as well as the key r I have heard of both such. ' They Bay my lord hath twenty cartloads of quite as wonderful things in that vault he calls his workshop. Hast thou never marked the huge cabinet of black inlaid with silver, that stands by the wall— fitter, in 1 deed, for my lady's chamber than such a foul place r' ' I have seen it,' answered Scudamore. ' I warrant me it hath a store of gewgaws fit for a duchess.1 ' ' Like enough,' assented Rowland. ' If Mistress Dorothy were to find the way through my lord's favour into that cabinet — truly it were notliing to thee or me, Rowland,' ' Assuredly not. It would be my lord's own business.' ' Once upon a time I was sent to carry my young Lady Raven thither — to 6ee my lord earn his bread, as said my lady ; and what should my lord but give her no less than a ball of silver which, thrown into a vessel of water at any moment would plainly tell by how much it rose above the top, the very hour and minute of the day or night,- as well and truly as the castle clock itself. Tell me not, Rowland, that the young lady hath no design in it. Her looks hetoken a better wisdom. Doth she not, I ask your honesty, far more resemble a nose-pinched Puritan that a loyal maiden r' Thus amongst the apple-blossoms talked Amanda Serafina. ' Prithee, be not too severe with, my cousin, Amanda,' pleaded Scudamore. ' She is much too . sober to please my fancy, but wherefore should I for that hate her? And if she hath something the look of a long-faced fanatic, thou must think she hath but now, as it were, lost her mother.' ? ' But now ! And I never knew mine ! Ah, Row land, how lonely is the world ! ' ' Lovely Amanda !*' said Rowland. So they passed from the orchard and parted, fearful of being missed. How should such- a pair do, but after its kind r Life was dull without love-makijig, so they made it. Ai ri the more they ir.ade, thcyitfi^T^ey wanted to 3;.r:j;o, until casual eiicouiiter/rv^tULrA longer sltvg tliei: turn. fc^s \ \ Jn the castle things AEe/it^on/nyicivtie same, nor d':d l3:e gathering tuimujb^itlfbtS jgaaeMnore than an echo within. Yet a cloupt/dlo^y^eejS&ed; upon the How of the Mia-quis, ?.nda^-^oSjWisquiet, to be explained neither by the^Jbre feoto^eW returns of his £oul, :hor by the more v^gth^*«ftLabseiices of his favourite son. In his juotffjfenT th^r King was losing giour.d, not only in England-iuii-in the deeper Eng tond of its men. Lady Margaret also, for all her natural good spirits and' light-heartedness, showed a more continuous anxiety than was to be accounted for by her lord's absences and the dangers he had to encounter ; Hltle Moliy, the treasure of her heart next to her lord, had never been other than a delicate child, but now had begun to show signs of worse than weakness of constitution, and the heart of the njotlie was perpetually brooding over the ever pre sent idea of her sickly darling. But she always did her endeavour to clear the sky of her countenance before sitting down with her' father-in-law at the dinner table, where still the Marquis had his jest almost as regularly as. his' claret, although varying more in quality and quantity both — now teasing his son Charles about the holes in his pasteboard, as he styled the castle walls ; now his daughter Aime about a design he and no one else attributed to her of turning Protestant and marrying Dr. Bayly ; now Dr. Bayly about his having been discovered blowing the organ in the chapel at high mass, as he .said ; for when no new joke was at hand he was fain to content himself with falling back upon old ones. The first of these mentioned was founded on the fact, as un deniable as deplorable, of the weakness of many por tions of the defences, to remedy which, as far as might be, wa's for the present Lord Charles's chief endeavour, wherein he had the best possible adviser, engineer, superintendent, and workman, all in the person of Caspar Kaltoff. The second jest of the Marquis was a pure invention upon the liking of -Lady Anne for the company and conversation of the worthy chaplain. The last mentioned was but an ex aggeration of the following fact. One evening the doctor came upon young Delaware, loitering about the door of the chapel, with .as disconsolate a look as 4fls lovely sightless face was ever seen to wear, and, inquiring wliat was amiss with him, learned that he could find no one to blow the organ bellows for him. The youth had for years, boy as he still was, found the main solace of his blindness in the chapel organ, upon which he would have played from morning to night could he have got any one to blow as long. The doctor, then, finding the poor boy panting for music like the hart for the water-brooks, but with no Jacob to. roll the stone from the well's mouth that he ?aiight water the flocks of his thirsty thoughts, made willing proffer of his own exertions to blow the bellows of the organ, so long as the somewhat wheezy bellows of his body would submit to the task. By degrees, however, the good doctor had become so ab sorbed in the sounds that rushed, now wailing, now jubilant, now tender as a twilight wind, now imperi ous as the voice of the war-tempest, from the fingers of the raptured boy, that the reading of the first vesper- psalm had commenced while he was yet watching the slow rising index, in the expectation that the organist was about to resume. The voice of his Irish brother-chaplain, Sir Toby Mathews, roused him from his reverie of delight, and as one ashamed he stole away through the door that led from the little organ loft into the minstrel's gallery in the great hall, and so escaped the Catholic service, but not the Marquis's roasting. Whether the music had any share in the fact that the good man died a good Catholic at last, I leave to the speculation of who list. Lady Margaret continued unchangingly kind to Dorothy ; and the tireless efforts of the girl to amuse and please poor little Molly, whom the growing warmth of the season seemed to have no power to re vive, awoke the deep gratitude of a mother. This, as well as her husband's absences, may have had some thing to do with the interest she began to take in the engine of which Dorothy had assumed the charge, ?which she had always hitherto expressed a special dislike, professing to regard it as her rival in the affections of her husband, but after which she would now inquire as Dorothy's baby, and even listen with patience to her expositions of its wonderful construc tion and capabilities. Ere long Dorothy had a tale to tell her in 'connection with the engine, which, although simple and uneventful enough, she yet found considerably more interesting, as involving a good deal at least of mental adventure on the part of her young cousin. One evening, after playing with little Molly for an hour, then putting her to bed and standing by her crib until she fell asleep, Dorothy ran to see. to her other baby ; for the cistern had. fallen rather lower than she thought well, and she was going to fill it. She found Caspar had lighted the furnace as she had requested ; she set the engine going, and it soon warmed o its work. The place was hot, and Dorothy was tired. But where in that wide and not over clean place should she find anything fitter than a grindstone to sit upon r Never yet, through all her acquaintance with the workshop, had she once seated herself in it. Looking about, however, she soon espied, almost hidden in the corner of a recess behind the furnace, what seemed an ordinary chair, such as stood in the great hall for the use of the family when anything special was going on there. With some trouble she got it out, dusted it, and set it as far from the furnace as might be consistently -with watching the motions of the engine. But the moment she sat down in it she was caught and pinned so fast, that she could scarcely stir hand or foot, and could no more leave it again than if she had been paralyzed in every limb. One scream she uttered of mingled indignation and terror, fancying herself seized by human arms ; but when she found herself only in the power of one of her cousin's curiosities, she speedily quieted herself and rested in peace, for Caspar always paid a visit to the workshop the last thing before' going to bed. The pressure of the springs that had closed the trap did not hurt her in the least — she was indeed hardly sensible of it ; but when she made the least attempt to stir, the thing showed itself immovably locked, and she had too much confidence in the workmanship of her cousin and Caspar to dream of attempting to open it : that she knew must be impossible. The worst that threatened her was that the engine might require some attention before the hour or perhaps two which must elapse ere Caspar came would be over, and she did not know what the consequences might be. As it happened, however, something either in the powder-mill or about the defences, detained Caspar far beyond his usual hour for retiring, and the sultri ness of the weather having caused him a headache, he represented to lumself that, with Mistress Dorothy tending the engine, who knew where, and would be sure to find him upon the least occasion, there could be no harm iii his going to bed without paying hi* , ,' ueual precautionary visit to the keep. So Dorothy sat, and waited in vain. The last drops of the day trickled down the side -of the world, the night filled the crystal globe from its bottom of rock to its cover of blue aether, and the red glow, of the . furnace was all that lighted the place. She waited ar.d wailed hi her mind, but Caspar did not come. She began to feel miserable. The furnace fire sank, and the rash of water grew slower and slower, and ceased. Caspar did not come. The fire sank lower and lower, its red eye dimmed, darkened, went' out. Still Caspar did not come. Faint fears began to gather about poor Dorothy's heart. It was clear at last that there she must be all the night long, and wh» could tell how far into the morning ? It was good the night was warm, but it would be very dreary. And then to he fixed in one position for so long i The thought of it grew in misery faster than the thing itself. The greater torment lies always in the fore boding. She felt almost as if she were buried alive. Having their hands tied even, is enough to drive strong men almost crazy. Nor, firm of heart as she was, did no evils of a more undefined and less reaist alile character claim a share in her fast rising appre hensions ; she began to discover .that she too was assailable by the terror of the night, although she had not hitherto been aware of it, no one knowing what may lie unhatched in his mind, waiting the concur rence of vital conditions. But Dorothy was better able to bear up under such assaults than thousands who believe notliing of many a hideous marvel com monly accepted in her day ; and anyhow, the un avoidable must be encountered, if not with indiffer ence, yet with what courage may be found responsive, to the eall of the will. ' So, with all her energy, a ' larger store than she knew, she braced herself -to endure. A& to any attempt to make herself heard* ' she knew from the first that that now was of doubtful' result, and now must certainly be of no avail when all but the warders were asleep. But to spend the night thus was a far less evil than to be discovered by the staring domestics, and exposed to the open merri ment of her friends, and the hidden mockery of her enemies. As to Caspar, she was certain of his silence. So she sat on, like the lady in Comus, 'in stony fetters fixed and motionless ; ' only, as she said to heiself, there was no attendant spirit to summon. Caspar, who alone could take the part of Sabrina, and 'unlock the clasping charm.' Little did Dorothy think, as in her dreary imprisonment she recalled that marvellous embodiment of unified srength and tenderness, as yet unacknowledged of its author, that it was the work of the same detestable fanatic who wrote those appalling ' Animadversions,' &c.; She grew chilly and cramped. The night passed very slowly. She dozed, and woke, and dozed again. At last from very weariness of both soul and body, she fell into a troubled sleep, from which she woke suddenly with the sound in her ears of voices whis pering. The confidence of Lord Herbert, both in the evil renown of his wizard cave and the character of his father's household seemed mistaken. Still the subdued manner of their conversation appeared to indicate it 'was not without some awe that the speakers, whoever they were, had ventured within the forbidden precincts; their whispers, indeed, were so low, that she could not say of either voice whether it belonged to man or woman. Her first idea was to deliver herself from the unpleasantness of her enforced espial by the utterance of. some frightful cry, such as would at the same time punish with the pains of terror their fool-hardy intrusion. But the spur of the moment was seldom indeed so sharp with Dorothy as to drive her to act without reflection, aiid a moment showed her that 6uch persons being in the Marquis's household as would meet in the middle of the night, and on prohibited ground, apparently for the sake of avoiding discovery, and even then talked in -whispers, he had a right to know who they were ; to act from her own feelings merely would be to fail in loyalty to the head of the house. Who could tell what might not be involved in it ? For was it not thus that conspiracy and treason walked ? And any alarm given them might destroy every chance of their dis covery. She compelled krrself, therefore, to absolute stillness, immeasurably wretched, with but one com fort — no small one, however, although negative — that their words continued inaudible, a fact which doubt less saved much dispute betwixt her propriety and her loyalty. Long time their talk lasted. Every now and then they would start and listen — so Dorothy interpreted sudden silence and broken renewals. The genius of the place, although braved, had yet his terrors. At length she heard something like a half-conquered yawn, and soon after the voices ceased. Again a weary time, and once more she fell asleep. She woke in the gray of the morning, and after .yet two long hours, but of more hopeful waiting, she heard Caspar's welcome footsteps, and summoned all her strength to avoid breaking down on his entrance. His first look of amazement she tried to answer with a smile, but at the expression of pitiful dismay which followed when another glance had revealed the cause of her presence, she burst into tears. The honest man was full of compunctious distress at the sight of the suffering his breach of custom had so cruelly prolonged. ' And I haf bin slap in mine bed !' he exclaimed with horror at the contrast. Had she been his daughter and his mistress both in one, he could not have treated her with greater respect or tenderness. Of course he set about reliev ing her at once, but this was by no means such an easy matter as Dorothy had expected. For the key of the chair was in theblack cabinet ; the black cabi net was secured with one of Lord Herbert's mavellous locks ; the key of that lock was in Lord Herbert's peket, and Lord Herbert was either in bed at Chep stow, or Monmouth, or Usk, or Caerlyon, or on horse back somewhere else, nobody in Raglan knew where. But Caspar lost no time in unavailing moan. He proceeded at once to light a fire on his forge hearth, and in the course of a few minutes had fashioned a picklock, by means of whioh, after several trials and alterations, at length came the welcome sound of the yielding bolts, and Dorothy rose from the terrible chair ; but so benumbed were all her limbs, that she escaped being re-locked in it only by the quick inter position of Caspar's arms. He led her about like a child until at length she found them sufficiently restored to adventure the journey to her chamber, and thither she slowly crept. Few of the household were yet astir, and she met no one. When she was covered iip in bed, then first she knew how cold she was, and felt as if she should never be warm again. At last she fell asleep, and slept long and soundly. Her maid went to call her, but finding it difficult to wake her, left her asleep, and did not return until breakfast was over. Then, finding her still asleep, she became a little anxious, and meeting Mistress Amanda, told her she was afraid Mistress Dorothy: was ill. But Mistress Amanda was herself sleepy and cross, and gave her a sharp answer, whereupon the girl went to Lady Broughton. She, however, being on her way to morning mass, for it was Sunday, told her to let Mistress Dorothy have her sleep out. The noise of horses' hoofe upon the paving of the stone court roused her, and then in came the sounds of the oigan from the chapel. She rose confounded, ; and hurrying to the window, drew back the curtain. , ^ . The same moment Lord Herbert .-walked from the liall ; ?nto the fountain court in riding dress, followed by \- some ibrty or nfty officers, tbe noise of whose aunjur and feet and voices dispelled at once the dim Habbath feeling tnat hung vapour-like about the place. Thcv gathered around the white horse, leaning or sitting on the marble basin, epmc talking in eager groups, others folding their arms in silence, listening, or lost heed less in their own thoughts, while their loader entered the staircase door at the right-hand comer. of the ?treatern gate, the nearest way to his wife's, apartment of the building. Now Dorothy had gone to sleep in perplexity, av.d all through her dreams had been trying to answer the ^aestion what course she should take with regard to the nocturnal intrusion. If she told L:.idy Margaret ! she could but go with, it to the Marquis, aud he w«*s | but just recovering from an attack of tlie gout, and j #ught not to be troubled except it wvve absolutely - ?necefcfeary. 'Was it, or was it not necessary ? Or was j there no one else to whom she might with propriety j betake herself in her doubt — Lord Charles or Dr. j Bayly ? But here now was Lord Herbert come back, and doubt there was none any more. She dressed herself in tremulous haste, and hurried to Lady Mar- I -garet's room, where she hoped to see him. Xo o»;e j was there, and she tried the nursery, but finding only i Molly and her attendant, returned to the parlour, and there seated herself to wait, supposing Lady Margaret and he had gone together to morning service. They had really gone to the oak parlour, whither the Marquis generally made his first move after an attack that had confined him to his room ; for in the large window of that parlour, occupying nearly the whole side of it towards the moat, he generally sat ?when well enough to be about, and take cognizance of what was going on ; and there they now found him. ' 'Welcome home, Herbert !' he* said, kindly, hold ing out his hand. *' And how does my wild Irish woman this morning ? Crying her eyes out because her husband has come back', eh ? But', Herbert, lad, whence is all tftat noise of spurs and scabbards — aud in the fountain court, too ? 1 heard them go clanking avd clattering through the hall like a torrent of steel ! Jlere I sit, a poor gouty old man, deserted of ruy children and servants — all gone to church — to serve « better master — not a page or a maid left me to send cut to see and bring me word what is the occasion thereof ! I was on the point of hobbling to the door myself when you came.' ' Being on my to the Forest of Dean, my Lord, and toming round by llaglan to inquire after you and my Lady, I did bring with me some of my oflieers to dine asd drink your Lordship's health on our way.' ' You shall all 'be welcome, though I fear I shall iwt be of the party,' said the Marquis, with a grimace, for just then he had a twinge of the gout. ' I am sorry to see you suffer, sir,' said his son. ' Man is born unto trouble as the sparks fly up ward,' returned the Marquis, giving a kick with the leg which contained his inheritance ; and then came a pause, during which Lady Margaret left the room. *? My Lord,' said Herbert at length, with embar rassment, and forcing himself to speak, ' I am sorry to trouble you again, after all the money, enough to build this, castle from the foundation— — ' ' Ah ! ha !' inteijected the Marquis, but Lord Herbert went on — ?? Which you have already spent on behalf of the Xing, my master, but ? ' ?? Your master, Herbert '.' said the Marquis, testily. '?Will?' *' I must have some more money for his pressing Necessities.' In his self-compulsion he had stumbled upon the wrong word. ?? Must you r' cried the Marquis angrily. ' Pray take it.' * And drawing the keys of his treasury from the pocket of his frieze coat, he threw them down on the table before him. Lord Herbert reddened like a girl, and looked as much abashed as if he had been caught in something of which he was ashamed. One moment I he ttood thus, then said, ' Sir, the word was out before I was aware, I do i mot intend to put it in force. I pray will you put up j your key again r1' j ' Truly, son,' replied the Marquis, still testily, but ? in a milder tone, ' I shall think my keys not safe in ; my pocket whilst you have so many swords by your hide ; nor that I have the command of my house whilst you have so many officers in it ; nor that I am . at my own disposal, wliilst you have so many com manders.' ' My Lord,' replied Herbert, ' I do not intend that they shall stay in the castle ; I mean they shall be gone.' ' 1 pray, let them. And have care that must do not Stay behind,' said the Marquis. But let them have their dinner first, Lid.' Lord Herbert bowed and left the room. Thereupon, in the presence of Lady Margaret, who liad just then re-entered, good Dr.* Bayly, who, unperceived by ixtrd Herbert in his preoccupation, had been present during the interview, stepped up to the Marquis and said : ' My good Lord, the honourable confidence your I ordsbip h-js reposed in me boldens me to do my duty as, in part at least, your Lordship's humble spiritual adviser.' ?' Thou should' st want no boldcning to do thy duty, doctor,' said the Marquis, making a wry face. ' May I then beg of your Lordship to consider ?whether you have not been more severe with your noble son than the occasion demanded, seeing not only was the word uttered by a lapse of the tongue, but yourself heard my lord express much sorrow for the overslip :' i 'What!' said Lady Herbert, something merrily, ! but looking in the luce of her father-in- law with a 3ittle anxious questioning in her eyes, ' has my Lord been Jailing out with my Ned ?' j ♦? Havk ye, dmghtcr r' answered the Marquis, his ! face bean.ing with restored ;*ood humour, for the j twinge in his toe had abated, '* and you too, my good | chaplain !— if my son be dejected, I can raise him j when I please ; but it is a question, if he should once j take a head, whether I could bung him lower when I j list. Kei was not wont to use sueh courtship to me, , and I beiicve he intended a better word for his father ; j but must was for the Jung.' j Returning to her own room, Lady Margaret found I Timothy waiting for her. | ' We'll, my little lig-a-bed '.' she said sweetly, ! ?' what is amiss with theo ? Thou lookest but ! soberly.' ?'? I 'am. w.H, madam; and that I look soberly,' eaid Doioihy. ** you will not wonder when I tell yon -wheicfore. But tirst, if it please you, I would pray for ni* lo d's pretence, that he too may know all.' j ??? JJoly mother ! -what is th- untier, child r' cried i laiy Mar^a et, of Lite eostly fluttered. 'Is it my | Lord Uerh-rt you rr.ea-;, o.- my J-o.-d 01' Worcester i' ; ??My Lord 'Herbert, my lady. 1 divad lest he , should* be g ne ere I have (bund a time to tell him.' ; 'Her do-, a^ain aft^r dinner,' said Lady Margaret. ; 'Then, d a. my lady, if y u'woutd keep me from fr-eaf d ubt and disquiet, le:*njj hive the ear of my lord for a few moments.' - Lady Margaret rang for her pa;c, and sent him to - find fes master and request his presence in her ; . 'parlour. 1 iWjthiji five minutes Lord Herbert was with them, : ariii wi;hui five more, Dorothy had ended her talc of the sight, oiunteirupted save by Lidy Margaret's AxclaoUitioiiB oi* sympathy. .. *' And now, my i^crd, what aai I la do ?' t,Uc atked :*; ccsiciuEios;. Lord Herbert made nc answer for a few moments, but walked up ar.d down the room. Dorothy thought he looked angry as well as troubled. Ke burst at icngth into a laugh, however, and said merrily, ' I have it, ladles ! 1 see how we may save my father much annoyance without concealment, for iiotliiii|r must be concealed from him that in any way concerns the house. But the annoyance arising from any direct uttejnpt at discovering the wrong-doers would bo endless, and its failure almost certain. But jjo-k, sih 1 would plan it, instead of trouble my father 8-iaU have laughter, aud instead of annoyance such a jest as may make him good amends for the wrong done him by the breach of Ms household laws. Caspar has explained to you all concerning the water works, 1 bolieve, cousin r' ' AH, my Lord. I may without presumption affirm that I can, so long as there arises no mishap, with my owr. hand govern them all. Caspar has for inar.y weeks left everything to me, save indeed the lighting of the furnace-fire.' ' That is ae 1 wouJd have it, cousin. So soon then as it is dark this evening, you will together, you and Caspar, set the springs, which lie under the first stone of the paving of the bridge ; thereafter, as you know, the tirst foot set upon it will drop the drawbridge to the stone bridge, and the same instant convert the two' into an aqueduct, filled with a rushing torrent from the reservoir, which will sweep the intruders away. Before they shall have either gathered their discom fited wits or raised their prostrate bones, my father will be out upon them, nor shall they find shelter for their thame ere every soul in the castle has witnessed their disgrace.' ? ' I had thought of the plan, my Lord ; but I dreaded the punishment might be too severe, not knowing what the water might do upon them.' ' There will be no danger to life, and Jittle to limb,' said his lordship.' The torrent will cease flowing the moment they are swept from the bridge. But they shall be both bruised and shamed ; and,' added his lordsliip, with an oath, such as seldom crossed his lips, ?' in such times as these, they will well deserve what shall befall them. Intruding hounds ! — But you must take heed, cousin Dorothy, that you forget not that you have yourself done. Should you have occasion to go on the bridge after setting your verniin-Trap, you must not omit to place your feet precisely where Caspar will show you, else vou will have to ride a watery horse half-way, may hap, to the marble one — except, indeed, he throw you lrom his back against the chapel door. When her husband talked in long sentences, as he was not unfrequently given to do, Lady Margaret, even when their sequences were not very clear, seldom interrupted him : she had learned that she gained more by letting him talk on ; for however cir cuitous the route he might take, he never forgot where he was going. He might obscure his object, but there it always was. He was now again walking up and down the room, and, perceiving that he had not yet arranged all to his satisfaction, she watched him with merriment in her Irish eyes, and waited. ' 1 have it r' he cried again. ?' It shall be so, and my father shall thus have immediate notice. The nights are weekly growing warmer, and he will not therein be tempted to his hurt. Our trusty and well beloved cousin Dorothy, we herewith, in presence of our liege and lovely lady, appoint thee our deputy during our absence. No one but thyself hath a right to cross that bridge after dark, save Caspar and the Governor, whom with my father I shall inform and warn concerning what is to be done. But I will my self adjust the escape, so that the torrent shall not fall too powerful ; Caspar must connect it with the drawbridge, whose fall will then open it. And pray remind him to see first that all the hinges and joints concerned be well greased, that it may fall instantly and silently.' So saying lie left the room, and sought out Caspar, with whom he contrived the ringing of a bell in the Marquis's chamber by the drawbridge in its fall, the arrangement for which Caspar was to carry out that same evening after dark. He next sought his father, and told him and his brother Charles, the whole story ; nor did he find himself wrong in liis expectation that the prospect of so good a jest would go far to console the Marquis for the annoyance of finding that his household was not quite such a pattern one as he had supposed. That there was anything of conspiracy br treachery involved, he did not for -i moment believe. After dinner, while the horses were brought out, Lord Herbert went again to his wife's room. There was little Molly waiting to bid him good bye, and she sat upon his knee until it was time for him to go. 'Die child's looks made liis heart sad, and his wife could not restrain her tears when she saw him gaze upon her so mournfully. It was with a heavy heart that, when the moment of departure came, he rose, gave her into her mother's anus, elasped them both in one embrace, and hurried from the room. He ought to be a noble kbig for whom such men and women make such sacrifics. To witness Mich devotion on the part of personages to whom she looked up with such, respect and confi dence, *would liavc been in itself more than sufficient to secure for its object the unquestioning partizanship of Dorothy. J'aiti/.an already, it raised her prejudice to a degree of worship which greatly narrowed what she took for one of the widest gulfs separating her iiom the creed of her friends. The favourite dogma of the schoolmaster-king, the offspring of his pride and weakness, had found fitting soil in Dorothy. When, in the natural growth of the confidence reposed in her by her protectors, she came to have some idea of the immensity of the sums spent by them on behalf of his son, had, indeed, ere the close of another year, read the King's own handwriting and signature* in acknowledgment of a debt of a quarter of a million, she took it only as an additional sign — for additional proof there was no room — of their ever admirable devotion to his divine right. That the Marquis and liis son were catholics served but to glorify the right to which a hostile faith yielded such practical homage. Immediately after nightfall she repaired to Caspar, and between them everything was speedily arranged ibr the carrying out of Lord Herbert's counter-plot. But night after night passed, and the bell in the ; Marquis's room remained voiceless. 