A Tales, etc. A -MUSING ON "CHRISTMIAS; On, TWENTY YEARS SINCE. Inhale as large a stock of charity as man ever posesssed-bo as forgiving as a due remem. brance of the season should make us-havo everything to receive and nothing to pay away : and yet Christmas on this side of the equator cannot resemble Christmas on the other. How can you relish a hot plum pudding, with the thermometer at 110°. Can.snap:dragon be enjoyed, when there's' no place to put your fingers to cool ? sod, as for hanging up a mistlotoo-although the colony holds plenty of pretty girls-there's no fun:-in chasing a las .in hoard day, nor having to pause in the chase to divest of coat and neckcloth. As for ghosts, or ghost stories, who can believe in a Christmas ghost story in Victoria? Not all the fascination of the Countess D'Anois would make her goblin elves and demons palatable hero. A ' Midsummer Night's Dream' might, perhaps, become. an object of the imaginationo but Oberon and his fairy crow are not Christmas fairies; and, somehow, Christmas.and the winter are so mixed up together that-that -it ought to bhe cold and snowy on that day. And, really, as this is the ego of ivouders, it is a pity some enterprising firm cannot im. port an artiioial atmorphere, to be used for that day only, at the public expense. What is the use of a pantomime in our holidays ? The gas lamps, saw dust, and blue fire, lose their charm when it is recollected that broad day reigns without, and there is no dark fog, for which a link boy's services is required to await one. The only time the colony is thoroughly disagreeable is a few days before Christmas and a ftow days atter. No-I"ll contradict myself, the colony is notdisagrco able, even then. But I like a cold Christ mas. Forty years of cold Christmases force one to like them. But, I cannot say I' find Victoria disagreeable : for, just as I make up my misid it is, and I'll visit Europe at Christmas, something turns up, rendering the place dearer and dearer; aind twelve years have glided on, like a dr, am of enchantment. But, then, there are no ghost stories ; and old as I am, I like a ghost story. I do not 'care if I get it after the form of tie Arabian Nights. The Fisherman and the Geoo: is a fine tale. It used to make one frightened; and, told in bed, after the light was blopwn out on a cold iight, what can equal it F-Or Grimm's Tales l-? he Dwarf Hand -- Or 1 Fortunio ?-Or Monk Lewis'.mystic: produc. tions all of.which. require a cold. night, a wassail bowl, and a few'auxiliary noises, to 1 render them perfectly pleasant, and horrid enough to make you fearful of being left In I the dark one single minute, Alas --Christ. mas must be got cold somehow. SI don't whether` Old John Delver thought I all this, as ho, gathered a pretty bunch of t bright flowers early last Christmas morning, I but thero'was something on his mind, that was quite clear; and when he cast his eyes as usual robnd his little garden;'and. took a swoeoping glance at 'Mount Macedon, where it reared its gigantic head in the background, 'it was easy to see that his thoughts wore not on the flowers, nor on the garden, nor 'on IMonet Mlacodon either, but farther, muohb farther, away. . · ". SPerhaps John was thinking of his son; who was fighting in the Crimea, or who had been; perhaps he was thinking of his wife, I whose remains lay in the pretty churchyard J of.Thoridbliffll; perhaps hli was thinking of the protty'bluoeyody grnud-dau'ghter, that[ now came bounding from the little cottage to d call him in to breakfast; or, it may be he was meditating on the quiet form that was then engaged in pouring out the tea her fatherein. law was called to partake of. If he was musing on the last, he might have found a worse subject for 'his thoughts thau'Martha Delves : although she would not be called good.looking, aud, so' far as book- learning went, might be turned ignorant. . t John was a hale old man, although long past three-score, lHis cheek wPs ruddy, and 3 and his ayes clear. .A day's work could still 3 be had from him when needed, aud, as he sat in the outer room .of the little wooden cottage wherein he dwelt, he might, in truth, have passed for thu husbahud of the wmauI who sat opposite him, and father of the blue t maiden that seated herself-on his knee. I "I always took a bdnch of flowere. to the olergymamu every . Uhristmas morning at home," said John, ''and, please God, will I hero." "The flowers are brighter hero than at home at this timo?" ... "Woll-yos : Kent showed nothing likelt this at Christnin," replied'John ; "and yet, I to my mind, tihe winter borry is the prettiest I sight one can see." "I H thought so, too," replied Marilna. "I wonsler if he'll make us out," erid Jobuhn after a pause. . - "Wonder I racious lyes,"' screaimed his daughter. "Osit father, how you frighten me by wondering that." - " Soldiers may never get the letters sent them, and, somehow, Rileard weo a careless I fellow about his home." an "Not he," hastily answered Martha; at "besides, did I not tell him of little Martha or hero; and what father could keep away efrom his child, and ano? a child ? a. The little girl looked first in her mother's of face, now suffused'with tears, and then into if her grandfather's, whose eyes were also moist, and inquired what they wore crying for ? - "* His will be done i" reverently observed the old man, and made an end of his meal. " Can Ido anything before I go ? " he asked. " No : all is clear-the cows are milked. You may take little Patty, if you will. Will d you go to church with grandpapa to-day, love ?" And the little girl answering in the Safirmative, shoe -was got ready, and grand. father and grand-daughter started for a two mile walk, and a visit to the building which n served as a church for the denizens of that district. While John Delver is at church, let us take a retrospective glance at himself a and family. John Delver was a nitive of Kent-that o garden of England-a market gardener by trade, and well to do, according to the lKentish notions of wealth.: His wifeand himself loved on and worked on, and, per o haps, their only care, apart from a night or two's anxiety about a bed of strawberries or a gathering of cherries,, was the doings .of I their only child-a fine specimon of an Eng lish rustico-Richard Delver. This son was a good sample of the open-hearted English man: his provincialiems.sat upon him not ° unpleasantly, anl the exnboraneo of spirits, into which youth will often be btrayed, and ,whichi lichard often displayed.;was but a wild outpouring of innocent mind. With other parents Richard Delver would soon have sobered into a staid gardener, but John and his-wife were of-the respectable elect class : so pure, so grim, and so exacting, that t. their. very`~virtues forced - their son into trifling- excesses: the stiff rigidity of the parents'appearing so repulsive to the child's openness and candour. - Toladd to otheri crimes, Richard fell in' love with a- servant - girl-a poor parish child-.sont out to a harsh I mistrees, hardly worked, hardly fed, and c hardly clothed. It is a curious thing (but nevertheless, a true one) that people who take servants from parish walls consider them as - mach s c the South American is said to consider his v negro. Instead of'bestowinig on them much kindness, to make amends for former hard- v ships, it has been the fashion in England to i treat the unhappy childrenwithgreatsoverity' a -perhaps not so afs to render the act illegal i -nothing more than unchristian. -And oven P if the last has been broken, vestry meetings - have a horror of lawyer's bills : and any a charge, for prosecuting 'nu inhuman master h or mistress, would scarcely pass the audit of 'I enlightened rate-payers in the nineteenth ii eosntury. o Martha Thorne was the orphan daughter P of a gardener, who, with his wife, had died j of a fever. The poor-house was the only I refuge of his child, to be left for a harder home, Where for the slightest failt, corporeal punishment was unsparingly administered. From such chastisement young Delver one 1' day saved:hor, and, although Martha was too t plain to inspiro him with love, her situation g was so hard that it inspired him with in terest. Beyond this all familiarity would - have ceased, but the knowledge of his son's actions' comrning to the ears of John Delver, c he so worried the young man with homilies, t] and so" disgusted him with close, harsh, o wordly maxims, that Richard's obstinacy a joided issue with his father's, and in the ond, u the banns were put up at a neighbouring ii church, and Richard Delver and Martha Thorne were man and wife, while the uncon. at scions parents were congratulating them selves that the last homily had effectually t turned the rebellious character of their son. b Had the Delvors been of theblood royal, a and Martha Thorno of the Delvers, a greater. outcry could not have been made than was made at the' misalliance of the young gar. g doner; .harsh words - arose -on both sides. n Family disunions are always bad things to contomplate. Riohard was driven from hLs father's roof, and sent forth to starve.. He tried to get any work he could, but the T respectability of his parents swayed the feel ings of the neighbours, and nobody would employhim. Rusticsara notimovingpeople: a where they are born there would they die. I While Richard.wvas musing upon his future, he took to drinking;: 'Therd are always men w to be found who, while unwilling to' lend `a shilling to purchaseo loaf, or to bestow a slice of meat, will 'stand' drink to.any one. as that will partake of it: Richard took to se drinking : began to neglect his wife, noa, in " one of tllhes drinking bouts, was inveigled t; with a shilling of Her Majesty's, and ordered at off, ere quite sobor, to the depot of hie g" regiment at Chatham, under sailing brders to Gibraltar. he \- All the regret imaginable, when reason hi had assumed it asway, was of no avail ; and, to add to the misery of the wedded pair, the on complement of women allowed had already a been made up : so that Martha was not per mitted to leave the place whero she had ca lived 'so long, ,but was, a second time, left al penniless in a hard country, and without a yc friend. But marriage had effooted this good in in the poor young woman : it had given her on firmness, and aho sought employment at hop wi pulling, or among the fruit trees, with,a th courage lh` :over before possessed. She ino longed to hear from her husband, who:'at wi parting, had promised to write to her soon. \Vrite to him soon she could not; parochial hi schools, especially in country places, seldom be teaching more than the made of "capping' 1li to the great people of the district. And of time wore away-old Delver regarding her as the author of what he now called "his trials;" and his wife preaching at her, whenever she th had an opportunit ,'and people were present o to be edified thereby: -" The year'auceeding' o this a fever broke out in the district ; John an and his wvifoe, were stricken with' it, - anda fa sore vwrestle with death Delver had. lie li recovered, it is true, to.flad the partner of ji his toils dead-by his side; to hear of a blight tl thathad destroyed his finest trees; and to behold, in the nurse who had so faithfully succoured him and his deceased spouse, the sa 'good for nothing hussey" "who had the audacity to marry his son." If there was for little learning in- Martha's breast, God hd I implanted there the two great principles of si roeligion ; and when others kept aloof fromn s the tainted house,-and all the- neighbours til declared the fever to be infectious, she had all boldly crossed the threshold, and day by me day, and night by night, attended upon the vi suffering pair. John rose from his bad a be poorer but a wiser man. None of his neigh. pu aours had doneonne onothinggfor lhim'duriig all his sickness ;- not a: helping hand had been no given to his garden. That was spoiled: alnd tic he was ruined. Once, and once only, did he oe utter an expression of surprise and neglect fat shown him. It was to his clergyman i hbut the rebuke he met with for over silenced himn -" Pray, John, lwho have you befriendedlo in your long hlife !-' As yonu sow, so surely will th you raep.' h A ruined man, Deolver gavoup tle rorchlards of he so lonus had rented, and was contoent to loan on his daughter's arm-a staff he had long rejected. It ihappened that, at this It time, there came on a visit iu the noeighbour- it hood an old ieaident of Australia. The little episode of John's misfortunes-had bo' come a topie of conversation, and it occurred to the Australian settler, while hearing it, that men of Delver's practical experience as tol a gardener would be a great adjunct to Port m 'Philllp. To nact upon this thought was not a work of time i; and old John found himself, o before long, upon o vessel bound .to Mcl for bourneo; his accompanimonts, his daughter n lndines and au infaant randohild, now verging on sixteen months oid. shi The olt mant waso glad to quit Kent wheo hd foundl the real estinatlon in which his uoighbours hold him. Ilis ressectahility had ha' vanished, not only in a monnatary poiint of it view, but in the importanceo which, he imagined, attended all his nations. Perhaps tl he regretted leaving the remains of his sifo fo bohind him i and, yet, sometimes a thought ; --it was a eonsol'ng one to him, though, the perhaps, anu unjust one to the dead-a ,ay thought flashed anoross his mind that, without his wife's admonitions, he might 'have acted rs differently to his son, and so have escaped ito much sorrow. ; On the whole, he was, there. s fore glad to quit =England; and,- having written to his son of his destination; and got ed his new master to make certain applications at the-War Office,'Delver quitted, his. home for a now world,:looking forward with lope to the future. Planted near Giaborne, on the homestead of an excellent master, Delver partially for d. got his sorrows. 'Everything was new around Shim. The manners and customs of all that crossed him, exceptinsg; indeed, the richness at of the soil, which rivalled his own Kentish h, ground, against which (ho talked and boasted) if no other soil could compare. But here, six teen thousand miles from his own land, there at flourished around him flowers of as brilliant a hue, and fruit as rich in taste, as even he himself had roared at home. To the soil the d Delvers took kindly, and the diggine rush, r- which unsettled so many, scarcely affooected ir him, unless it was by adding to his.already >r good wages what his master felt; he `could afford him from theo, increased profit of his station; and the value of hlis garden produce. S'But John's master died, and Jolin Delver, a. not earing for other service ; having, too, "a' it few pounds,' from his own and daughtor's. a, industry (for right well had Martha Delver d taken to the Australian, colony, ;nd few a aroind showed better butter and eggs than h she)o; got, at a moderate rent, land auti n cient for a garden,. and pasturage for the n cows they now owned, and so we lind them, ;t on the morning of Christmas day,lcheerful, st well to do, and contented, their only regret o being'Riohard's absonice: for the War will o Rusaia had broken out:., His regimtent wasd sent from Gibraltar to the Crimea before his r release had been obtained; and lthe sangui.i.ry t onflicts that had takin 'ilace in that fertile part of Europe had often blanched the cheek of both father and daughter, with doubt and apprehension. _ " a Mhartha had that to do' "hicl ]kept her from church.-that morning: ai pair of chickens' and some peas, a strawberry tart, with just the smallest of plum puddings, to remind John of the CKentish Christmases,e was the dinner she designed for her fattler. a A few grapes to' serve as his dessert : and, a as the preparations for the meal had been i kept a secret from him, she took niore than peculiar care with it. The dinner Was in a fair state of preparation when he returned, and, waiting its readiness, he sat himself in is garden, musing and dozing alternately, The child, who ever played about his knee,; in a short time directed his attention to a cart, coming along at a smart pace; and, C presently, the two horses that drew it were jerked up at, the entrance leading into Delver's garden, and a voice inquired if one 'Delver lived thoere.',. -° -: "Ah'surely," said old Joihn: " I've a little noews for him," said a burly looking carter, blue-abirted and abbagoe treed, according to 'custom, entering the garden. " From my husband I'-' Fro??'my son!" B \--cried father and daughter simultaneously: "From one Richard Delver,' said the carter, "and I don't know a better day than this to bring nones, 'pecially if they are good ones; lfor, on such a day as this, good tidings O were brought to all around; .at least, they used to sing so in our yillago; so, I suppose it's all right. ' "Are the neda good ? Is m seon alive well ?" inquired the olbid man. : -, " That's where it is, you see," ansaverdc' the carter, who:seemed in no harry to tell his tale-if he had any. tottell. " Well, it's a fine morning, an uncomnmoi fine morning. c .-And the Mount, too, I've seen it a power of times, and never thought it looked so T grand afore-and, thankyo marm, a little B milk, if you please 1" D' SMartha and John. ldoked-at the man, and T the man looked at them.: HeI was oeiidcutly B in a difficulty. The milk was got, and drank. Jt The earter whistled. B "Anil my son," said Jioh.B "Ah 1'' replied tie carter, wipinig his face if and taking a long breath0" that's where it is I was jogging along, thinking this warn't exactly the Christmas I likod topass, when Sh who should I se on the road but a man- F "A man!" ' "A ma1D marmt-' Wantin' ailift, mate ?' said I. S id he, ' Which way ?' 'Through,' Si, says I. ' And take it kindly, too,' days he. 'Not at all,' says I." Ilere/the carter whistled.." I hadn't got a-Christmas dinner at home to hurry me, so I didu't mind jog, El ging on a little slower, to ease his wounds:. o'" "W\Vouuds?" ciel both' the Dclvors' "has wl e seeon Richard? Is it Richard ?-Where is hi, he 1" ,. , nil ' That's where it is," said the car?er, "I can't toll a tale properly. There's-there's a man in the cart, who can "- ' - In an instant John and Mrtha word at the cart. In two minutes miorl they had a man sufforine from wounds "nged still wiek, but yet a fine-made fellow, on their armd; and,': in. flvo,minutes more, Richard Deler had s1 embraced his patient wife and was at peace SC with his now fod' old father; had hugged the -little'maid'that'callad himfparednt ; and looked around the pretty cottage already with an owner's eye. It is of no use to detail what Richard told th his wife. He had been severely wotnuded, N but the kind Sisters of Mercy had biought of him through, as they had brought thoditands T of others, although their servico" now in passed away, are being ignored by those who gladly accepted their aid. lie had beeCn in the first draft from the Crimoea hom ; had got his discharge; bad taken a passage in one of the fastest of the i?ite Ball Linte, and landed in MeIlbdurne. ,Jcro he lie as at in fault two days, but" hearingivhero hisfatler W lived at last, he started off that he might MlI join them on merry Clhristmas, trusting to 01 that which he had got, a lift on the read for DB speed. To Nor is it of any use for me say that' tflee Oc sat down to that Christmas dinner as happy - aparty as any in the colony.: The ioldior fought his battles'o'er again, while the father n his turn, detailed the changes that he had witnessed. Aus for:the friendly carrierr he was made 'to stop to dinner, ansd illi; -and turned out, long before thoe 'graps liad been all eaten, a most astonishing character. lie made little wooden dolls for little 'Martha with his claspknioe and a piece of old stick before one culd whistle Jack Robineoti ; put. a new lid on the wator bullt ; and mended a milk pan that had lo'en, like its now owneer, in the ware. In short, IL ies; tion if Christmas day in the oldcoduntry over hoeO upon more ucontonted or happy faces than that Christmas did on the happy 'party is the little cottage in the Australian than this little par had -a liciency for their outward enjoyment, andl strongadr ainl[ t' holier priiciples sithht them: the pri0cicples 1 of Faith, llope, aul Ceenrity. 1asw, dir op the curtainlr, Mranaer '1: I thlinlk lan look iupoaliantomleiss, although t is warm. i 