UTTEiUTnEi::'iV-: ' : i » . — t o ... TENNYSON'S DRAMA. ' The first impulse in commencing to read Tennyson's Qneen Mary is to. compare the author with his former BelfL His glorious Idylls and Lyrics have produced an impres-- sion so ineffaceable that .the mind is hardly free to take to" him in the new- aspect in which he presents himself ; and. the question keeps recurring, wilHie be as successful in the hew line as he has been in the old. Another impulse is to compare' him with Shakspeare, and this impulse is felt all the more that in his dramatic venture Tennyson has chosen a Bubject from English history close upon the period which Shakspeare's unapproachable genius has immortalised. Such comparisons are no doubt natural under the circumstances, and'we may fairly be per mitted to indulge in them to some extent ; but it is open to question if the way of com parison is after all the best way to enjoy this new production of the Laureate's pen, or to appreciate its merits. The drama, we opine, is one to be read for its own sake, at all events in the. first instance; and to be judged by the impression produced whilst the mind is as free as possible from prepossession one way or another; and should it really and truly read like the fitting embodiment of an intense, stirring, and tragic epoch of onr national annals there should be no hesitation in saying so at once, even though the work be quite different from something else we may have had in our mind. Every reader of the' drama, we are sure, will find his in terest fully engaged in following the action of events, and the developement of the char- acters introduced, and will feel as he watches their movements and listens to their speech that they are each and all of them vitalised and real. If we want more in a historical drama than a vivid realisation of historical character we find it here, for the picture as a whole strikes us as being illu minated by the splendor of a recreative imagination that knows how to make fact more fascinating than fiction. This being onr impression of the work, we hardly care whether it reminds us or not of the Tenny son we have known in Mort D'Arthur or the May Queen, whether or not it recalls the Shakspeare we know in Henry VIII. ; for we are satisfied to find that the author of a work which so nobly fulfils a noble purpose has added a new glory to our literature. This we say is our first impres sion, and We are confident that the work will be read again and again with fresh interest and fresh admiration as new beauties of dic tion are disclosed, and fine turns of thought, nndbrightplays of fancy which had been over looked on the first reading. We confidently leave it to time, therefore, to show; that, in makirig his new departure, Tennyson has bettered his old fame. ' The subject of the drama is Mary Tudor, and the several' acts embrace "a period of five years, ' beginning with her accession to the throne and ending with her death— a period of intense exeitement, when the people of England were in mortal dread of Spain and the Pope. The dramatist requires no," mysterious plots or surprises and but few imaginary persons for the working out of his purpose. The historical events and the his.' torical personages suffice. The latter are numerous enough. We have the poor Queen, the cold-hearted, callous, brutal Philip, Elizabeth in her youth and pride, Cranmer and Gardiner, and Pole and Bonner, Lord Howard, . Sir Thomas Wyatt and Cecil, and we get glimpses of many other characters of that eventful time. Adhering strictly to history, as Tennyson does in this drama, jt is wqnderful.how he makes these various characters grow, as it were, before our eyes. It is not mere portraiture, that he give3 us, There is scarcely one of the chief personages but is endowed with a complete and. living individuality. Of course in dealing with the central figure amongst the dramatis persona, Tennyson takes the historical view of her character. She is here the "Bloody Mary" popular memory has always regarded her. Unromantic indeed she is, unlovely, and unloved, bigoted, jealous, and cruel, but a woman withal, and not to be unpitied, considering her unrequited love and her hitter disappointment. From the time she first appears, kissing a miniature of Philip and talking to one of her ladies about him; on through the misfortunes of her reign, when everything goes wrong, when the fires of Smithfield have failed to extinguish the new faith, when Philip leaves England and she knows that he does net mean to come back to her ; down to her last moments, when sick in mind and body, the abandoned wife breaks out in a burst of passionate indigna tion against the husband who has proved so false to her, the character is consistently maintained. Her affection for Philip is so intense as to be the master-passion of her soul, the controlling force of her cruel policy, and the inspiration of the hatred she feels towards all who threaten to come between her and the object of her infatuated love. In the first scene it is seen how close together in her narrow heart are love, jealousy and hatred : — ' Mary, with Philip's miniature. Al.ics. Mary (kissing the miniature) : Most goodly, kinqliko and an emperor's son. — ' A king to be,— Is he not noble, jirl? Alios : Goodly enough, your grace; and yet methinks . 1 have seen goodlier. Mary: Ay; sonae waxen doll : Thy baby eyes have reated.on, liolike ; . AU red and white, the laahion of our land. ' But my good mother came (God rest her soul) Of Spain, and I am Spanish in myself, And all my likings. -"i < " Alice: By your grace's leave Your royal mother camo of Spain, but took < To English red and white. Your royal father ' (For so thoy say) \va3-all poro lily and rose In his youth, and like a lady, Mary: ,0, lust God | - Sweet mcther, you had Miflo aiuS cause enough To sicken of hi? lilies anff his roses. ' v Cast off, betrayed, divorced, forlorn !' " -r- , .And then the. king— that traitor past torgivecesS, , The false archbishop, fawning on him— married ;r; The mother of Elizabeth— a heretic, " Ev'u aa she lsj but .God hae sent me here- To takpsu'eh' order with" all heretics , That it shall bo, before I die, as tho' ' My father and'my b'fothcr bad not lived. 4 What wast thou saying.of this Lady Jane Now in the Towerr " - Alios: : Why, madam, she wicpysaijy; Some chapel down in Essex, and with her r Lady Anne .Wharton, and the lady Anno Bowed to' the Pyx : but Lady Jane stood up. Stiff as the very backbone of heresy.' And wherefore bow ye not, says Lady Anne;- To him thero who made Heaven and earth? I can not and I dare not tell, your grace, What Lady Jane replied. - .Mary: .' But I will have it. - Alice : She said— pray pardon mc, and pity hisr— She bath hearkened evil counsel— ah l.ghe said . . The baker made him. "Mary: Monstrous ! blasphemous 1 She ought to burn, ' Hence thou. (Exit Alice.) .No- being traitor, Her bead will fali ; shall it? She is but a child, We do not ki 1 the child for doing that His father whipthim into doing— ahead So full of grace and beauty ! would that mind' Were half as gracious ! 0, my lord to bo, ' My love, for tby sake oply. I am eleven yqarapldcr than he la, .... But" will he" care for "that ? " r " '! No, by the holy -Virgin, being noble, ' But love me only : then the bastard sprout, My sister, is far fairer than myself. Will he be drawn to her ? - No, being of the true faith with myself. ; « » \- My hard father hated mo. My brother rather hated me than loved ; My sister cowers and hates me. Holy Virgin, : Plead' with -thy blessed Son ; grant me my prayer j Give mo my Philip.; and tve two will lead The.living waters of tho faith again Back through their widowed channel herc,.and"wateh The parched banks rolling incense, as of old, To heaven, and kindled with the palms of €l>rlst. When the end comes, the pitiable in tensity and utter madness of her love is seen in the disclosure of the vanity- of all her hopes, and in the awfolness of rage which accompanies the souring of her love into spite, bnt there is no remorse for the cruelties into which her love has -led her. The wretched woman, even in her 'dqath hour, exclaims-- 0 God ! I have been too elack, too slack ; There are hot gospellers even among our guards- Nobles' we dared not touch. We have burnt " The heretic priest, workman; and women and children, Wot, famine, age, fever, storm, wreck, wrath— We have so plaj'il coward ; but, by God's grace, We'll follow Philip's leading, and set up The Holy Office here— garner the wheat, And burn the tares with unquenchable fire? Burn !— Fie, what-e savour ! Tell the cooks to close ' . The doors of all the offices below. She acknowledges to her attendants that her husband, "adulterous to the very heart of hell," has not been one hour true to he?. She then calls for a . knife, and cuts from its frame a picture of him, which hangs above her bed, unable longer to bear even his por trait staring down npon her in abandonment and wretchedness. Very different is the scene at Woodstock, where Elizabeth, from her temporary-prison, hears outside her window a milkmaid singing. : The song is very pretty, and comes upon us with a touch of unexpected mirth in d very sad picture : — . " I Shame, upon you, Robin, . , Shame upon you now ! Kiss mo, would you, ' with iny bands Milking the cow ? : . Daisies grow again, Bingcu'ps blow again, And you cauie and kias'd me milking- theicow. Bobin came behind me ; . r . . . < Kl88'd me well, I vow. - J ., . C,uff him, could I, with my hands \ Milking the cow ? ' . Swallows fly again, i' ... Cuckoos cry again,. > - i . , And you came and kiss'dme milking the caw. . i < Come, Bobin, Robin, _ ; .. < Come and kiss me now, ' " ' Help it, can I, with my:hands 1 . Milking the cow ? Ringdoves coo again, , - All ihing8 woo aguin;- . Come behind ond kiss me mi kingthe cow; The song is suoh a relief to the gloomy temper of the time that Elizabeth is inclined to envy the milkmaid who sings it—; Eight hone3t and red-cheek'd ; Robin was violent, And she was crafty— a swcot violence, < And a sweet craft. I would'I were a milkmaid, ' To sing, love, marry, churn, brew, bake,and.die,' Then nave my simple headstone by the church, . And all things lived and ended honestly. ; I could not if I would. Cranmer occupies a largo space in the fourth act, and his recantation and» death scene afford an opportunity not to be missed of bringing out the strong Protestant senti ment which characterises the' drama throughout. The manner in which the great Protestant martyr met his Jfate is thus re cited by an oye: witness : — T, , Enter Peters. Howard : Peters, my gentleman, an honest Catholic; Who follow'd with the crowd to CranmeFs fire. One that would neither misroport nor lie,' Not to gain paradise ; no, nor if the Pope ; Charged him to do it— he is white as death. Peters, how pale look ? you bring the smoke Of Cranmet's burning with you.;, Peters : Twice or thrice The smoke of Cranmer's burning wrapt me round, Howard: Peters, you know me Catholic, but English. Did he die bravely ? Tell me that, or leave All else untold; Peters : My Lord, he died most bravely. Howard : Tnen tell me all. . .Paget.: Ay, Master Peters,- tell its. Peters : You saw him ho'.v he pa9t among the. crowd ; And ever as he walk'd the Spanish friars „ Still plied him. with entreaty and reproach ; But Cronmer,as the helmsman at the helm Steers, ever looking to tho happy haven Where ho shall rest at night, moved to his death ; : And I could see that many silent hands Came from the crowd and met his own ; and thus, When wo had come where Kidley burnt with Latimer, He, with a cheerful smile, as one whoso mind v Ie all made up, in haste put off the rags . , They bad mock'd his mi-ery with, and all in white, His long, white beard, which he had never shaven Since Henry's death, down-sweeping to the chain, ' Wherowith they hound him to the stake, he sjiood, More like an ancient father of the church, Than heretic of these times ; and still the friars Piied him, but Cranmer only shook his head,.; Or answer'd them in'silcnt negatives ; Whereat Lord Williams gave a sudden cry : — ' " Mnke short! make short!" and so theylitthe wood. Then Cranmer lifted his left hand to heaven, And thrust his right into the bitter flame ; Anil crying, in his deep voice, more than once,-: " This hath offended— this unworthy hand P' 86 held it till It was all burn'd, before > Tho flame hail reach'd his body ; 1 stood near— Mark'dhira— he never uttered moan of pain ; He never stirr'd or writhed, but, like a statue, i Unraoving in the greatness of the flame, Gave up the ghost ; and so past martyr-like — Sfattyr I may not call him— past. —hut whither 2 Paget': To purgatory man, to purgatory. Peters : Nay, but, my Lord, he denied purgatory. Paget : Why then to heaven, and God ha' mefcy on ' him. Boward : Paget, despite his fearful heresies,. 1 loved the man, and needs must moan for him ; O Cranmer! Paczt : But your moan is useless now ; - Come out, my Lord, it is a world of fools. To those who believe that the revival of the historical drama is the best, if not the dnly means, of reviving the educational character of the, stage, it will he a satisfac tion to learn that Tennyson's drama will be acted before long, and its dramatic force thus put to the test. .- 