THE MONTH'S NEWS. During the past week bucineri has had to give pia?e to pleasure, and come days will elapce before the holiday spirit is completely shaken off and tho absorbing routine of everyday work is resumed. To South ? Australians more than to the generality of mankind the season affords occasion for merrymaking. . In addition to the great national holidays, to which they are scrupu lously loyal, they have a high day of their ona to which they attach special honour. Christmas brings with it thoce kindly in fluences with which it stands so intimately associated m the mother-country. Boxing Day and the first day of tho new year are observed with exemplary strictness, but our patriotic holiday h the 2Sth December, the anniversary of the proclamation of the colony. Thirty-eight years have passed since the pioneers of the province landed at Holdfast Bay, and on the 28th December of every year thousands of persons viFit Glenelg as the cradle of South AustraH?. This year ten or twelve thousand congre gated there, and abandoned themselves to such sober diversions as the seaiide affords. Ihe day happened to bo seasonable— that is to say, the thermometer stood at several units above the hundred— and the cool breeze that played over the waters was extremely welcome. There i3 special reason for men tioning this, for of late the weather has as a rule been cold and stormy, far more suggestive of Chi'stnm time in the mother-countiy than in suny South Australia^ Despite their extraordinary meteo~ rological surroundings, however, the holi days have been thoroughly enjoyed. The colony is in bo prosperous a condition' that we have few poor among us, and these few have not been forgotten during a season which speaks of peace and goodwill, and is provocative alike of genial sympathy and: practical benevolence. There has been very little movement ia political maUera dur.'ng the month. The country has been unaccountably bIot in realizing the fact that the prc:ent Hause of Assembly is to be dissolved on or about January 14. and that writs for the election of the forty-six members to berefcumed under the new Electoral Act are to be forthwith issued. Some half-dozen candidates have definitely announced themselves, and nearly ?u equal number of old members have intimated that theyintendtovtithdrawfora time fromPariia mentary life. Here and there, too, districts are seeking diligently for eligible representa tives, but for the most part the consti tuencies are displaying profound in difference to the approaching conilict. This is mainly attributable to thfr circumstance that the wheat harvest is now engaging the cloce attention of a large pro portion of the population ; but the absence of everything like an explicit declaration of Ministerial policy has also had somethingjto-. do with the prevailing apathy. We men tioned in last Summary that the Minister of Justice and Education had pledged himself to bring in a Bill embodying tho principles of compulsory, free, and secular education, with a proviso that Bible-reading shall not be prohibited in the public schools. Sinw then the Chief Secretary has delivered an address at Blumbcrg to the electors of A Gumeracha, ?which has afforded & farther insight into the intentions of the Govern ment, although, only in a vague and general way. The addreis itielf was an unprecedented one, and has mot tendri to raise Mr. Blyth's reputation as a politician. It really resolved itself into an ad miseri cordiam appeal to his old constituents to let litn^ know whether they intended absolutely to ensure bis return or noi. With more of caution than of consideration for a member who hadfaithfully represented the district for twenty years, a majority of the electors who attended to hearthe oration declined to give a positive and unconditional pledge, and the next day Mr. Bljth accepted a warm invitation he had received to offer himself for the new metropolitan con stituency of North Adelaide. Tu the course of his Blumberg speech the Chief Secretary took occasion to intimate that Education and the Federation of -the Colonies were the subjects which stood first upon the Midis terial programme. Tn close attendance upon ihem came Railway Extension, Law Reform in a compehensive sense, the amendment of the Land Act; and the question of Colonial Defence. He and his colleagues, he stated, had determined under the powers they possessed to reduce the upset price of good agricultural land to 20s. anacre, instead of puttingit up fir3t at 408. and gradually reducing it to one-half that rate. In adopting this course the Ministry have in a sou1! way followed the example of Mr. Gladstone ia regard to the abolition of purchase in the army, for during last session the Legis lative Conncil deliberately refused to assent to this reduction, notwithstanding that it had had the approval of the Assembly. Mr. Blyth will have nothing to do with payment of members until ai abeolute majority o! the electoi3 of the colony declare in favour of the measure, but he considers legislation for the repression of juvenile crimes neces sary. He professn h'tncelf ?n3rdent advo cate for immigration, and h's views in this respect are likely to receive tbe endorsement of the majority of the constituencies. In the rural d'stricfa especially there ia a con tinuous outcry for labour, and it ia evident that the new Parliament wiU have to adopt a more liberal policy in respect to the augmentation of the population than ita predece32or. Education --\ nrilierj have been receiving sped?1, attention. Ta addition to occasional political deliverances upon the subject, there has been the usol round of cchoolexauric tious, wbich r'l over the country is coinci dent T\Ith the ptrival of the ChristDPis holidays. At the same t»me snoiher important advance ha3 beeu made in tbe work of organizing the Ade laide Urweraity. In our List Summary we announced that the management of the institution had been formally handed over to a Council appointed by His Excellency the Governor; and since then the newly installed Councillors have entered definitely upon their ti'ik. luey have elected from among their number a CLanceUor and Vic3 Chancellor, ?nd are to be congratulatel upon having chosen the Chief Justice and His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide t) these respective offices. The position o* Registrar and Librarian has been conferred upon Mr. Win. Brtlow,* M.A., of Trinity College, DubHn, who ri the moderations of 1S54 succeeded in obtaining the gold medal for proficiency 'u ethics and logic. A Echeme of Profcs£on?t»p3 and Lectureships has beeu drawn up by a Committee appointed for the purpose, and there seemed a prospect that matters would be sufficiently advanced by the time the mail left for preliminary advices to be sent respecting the Professors it may be needful to obtain from England. Unfor tunately this expectation has been frustrated through the postponement of the considera tion of the scheme for a month. The work of brino-'ng the University into active opera tion has a1 ready been so long in band that the least avoidable delay in the Council's proceedings is to be deprecated. Slow as the progrcs3 has been, however, it h satisfactory to know that the posi tion the institution has now reached affords a fair guarantee that in the course of the present year South Australians will he able to secure the benefits of a University education without the necessity of going out of the colony to obtain it. Signs are multiplying that railway ex tension will be one of the prominent ques tions with which the hew Parliament will have to deal. 'Xhe feeing is growing that the time has come when a much more compre hensive policy should be adopted in supplying the country with rapid means of communi cation thin our legislators have hitherto been bold enough to attempt A significant evidence of this is given in the faci that an Association has recently been formed specially to promote the construction of three much needed lines. Many influential colonists are connected with the move ment, which is free from the local nairownes3 by which railway leagues are often charac terized. It may almost claim'to be national in its aims, for its members are pledged to the advocacy t-f 'a railway from Port Augusta northwards for about 200 mile?, the best b*ue of railway to the Murray, and an extension of the Burra J;ne to the Northern Areas.' Very wisely the Association refrain from committing themselves to particular routes, being content to devote their strength to bringing about, by whatever route the Par liament may think best, the construction of iron roads between the points named. By adopting this course they steer clear of local jealousies, and considerably enhance their chance of doing practical good. All the .Vues at present on their programme are abso lutely necessary for the development of the resources of the country and to keep pace with the rapid spread of settlement. Once more questions affecting the Rsal Property Act have been brought into notice by deciuons of the Supreme Court. The moat recent of these referred to a case in -which, the plamtiff sought to have his un registered title to a right-of-way upheld. After the execution of the deed under which he claimed the land to which, it applied repeatedly changed hands, and eventually came into the possession of Mr. Price Maurice, who held a dees title to it under Torrena's Act. The leading principle of that Act is understood to be the absolute inde fcaribility of the titles grantel under it, but their Honors adjudged that the right-of-way wa3 valid, despite the fact that Mr. Maurice's certificate was free from any such easement. The decision was upheld by the Local Court, of Appeals, and baa naturally caused some nneasineis, as it introduces an element o! uncertainty into Seal Property Act titles. The subject has received consideration at a public meeting held ?n Adehide, at wMch it wa3 warmly insisted that legislative action should be taken to make it necessary that all deeds giving rignt-of-way and all other instru ments affecting land should be registered when granted. Some such remedy will cerHinly have to be provided, as at present according to the Jud^ei' interpretation of the law the pun-baser of land under a certificate of title wbich is intended to be indefeasible may find bis light overridden by a deed wbich he had no means of knowing was in existence. There is very little in the history of the Northern Territory since the last mail lef S that calls for comment. A few crashings at the gold reefs have been reported by tele gram, but for the most part affairs there remain in a Btate verging upon stagnation. The batteries that are at work have not yielded returns sufficiently favourable to revive public interest in reefing, and the alluvial diggings still furnish only moderate returns. The one encouraging cir cumstance which relieves the prevailing gloom is that stockholders are beginning to look favourably upon the place. Land is being taken up for pastoral purposes, and the Government, presumably with the intention of promoting further selections, have issued a new code of pastoral regulations. The Northern Territory is known to have valuable natural resources in addition to gold reefs, and it is to be hoped that this attempt to utilize its pasture lands may be the first step towards the development of its agricultural capabilities. Although South Australia will bear favour able comparison with most parts of the world for the general healthiness of its climate, the colony has for the past few months experienced a large amount of sick ness, measles and scarlatina in a virulent form having appeared in the city and in several country districts. The former disease has been especially prevalent, attack ing persons of all ages, and not unfrequently with fatal results. On Yorke's Peninsula, where the miners are crowded togeihern small tenements with an utter disregard oi sanitary laws, the mortality has naturally been very much above the average. A great deal of iUnc3s still prevails there, and the Governor by an Order in Council, issnrd none too bood, h?3 directed that the provisions of the Pablic Health Act of 1872 with regard to serious epi demics shall extend to the district. The Central Board of Health have drawn up a stringent cede of regulation?, the enforce ment of which will, it is hoped, not only mitigate the effecto of the disease, but also introduce much-needed sanitary reforms into all the mining townships in the locality. Unfortunately the inhabitants of Yorke's Peninsula have not been alone in tolerating a state of things directly calculated tc intensity the ill-effectB of any epidemic thai may break out. In all parts of the colony, Adelaide not excepted, too much dependence has been placed upon the salubriousne3s ol the climate as a preventive of disease. The various Boards of Health that have been brought into existence have not been sc energetic in grappling with sanitary abuses as could be desired, but it is probable thai the large amount of sickness from which we are now suffering will leave behind it permc- ment benefit by stimulating generally the work of sanitary reform. Harvesting operations are now in full progress, and the results, so far as ascer tained, are of an extremely encouraging character. The crops on the new land are turning out well, and even in the old districts they are heavier than in ordinary seasons. There is therefore no doubt that the yield for the whole of the colony will be above the average, and that after home requirements are provided for a large surplus will be available for exportation. At present it is impossible to estimate with certainty what the excess will be, but all accounts point to its being more than two hundred thousand tons. As usual in abundant seasons, the quality of the grain h very good ; so that to whatever market it may be sent it will keep up the hi^h reputa tion South Australia has obtained as a wheat growing country. The chief difficulty from which fanners have suffered during harvest is the want of labour. In many districts they can neither get enough men for the field work, nor for carting the produce to market, bo that the harvest will be a pro tracted one. The nerd there is for augment ing onr population by immigration is thus forcibly illustrated, more especially as in nearly eveiy other department of labour the paucity of man power is being severely felt. Very wisely the Government have lost no time in appointing another Emigra tion Lecturer to fill the place rendered vacant through the death of Mr. Gowling. They have given the office to Mr. Day, a colonist of several years' standing, who has thrice filled tbe position of Mayor of Kapunda. Mr. Day, like his predecessor, is no orator, but lie is believed to be well fitted to make known to working men at home in a pl?:Ji and practical way the advantage 3 South Australia holds out as a field for emigration. He understands the circumstances of the colony, and can tell from his own experience what benefits steady and industrious working men are likely to realize by transferring their labour from 1 Great Britain to this country. Mr. Gowling's ! success has proved that this is the kind of lecturer to whom the clan of men we want Mill listen with lespect and confidence. Among other subjects which have excited prominent interest here during the month the transit of Venus claims a place. Unfortunately the weather was only partially favourable in Adelaide for observing that important phenomenon. Dense clouds obscured the sun during the morning of December 9, but shortly after noon the sky gradually cleared. At the Adelaide Observatory the earliest stages of the transit were not seen, but later on Mr. Todd was able to take several micromefcric measurements of the position of the planet, upon the sun's face, and also to observe the time of the internal acd external contact at egress. In some of the adjoining colonies much more favourable results were obtained, the weather permitting a distinct view of the transit from the moment of first contact to the moment of egress. European Telegrams.— Were it not that the public have ceased to be surprised at the most extravagant transformations in the affairs of Spain, the latest phase in the development of matters political in that distracted realm might well excite esfcouish ment. Alfonso, the Prince ol Asturias, has been actually proclaimed by his adherents King of Spain, and has contrived to obtain the support of the atmy. It is difficult to tell what force will be thus placed at his disposal, but it will probably serve to establish him, temporarily at least, upon the throne vacated by his mother Isabella It. In point of fact there is no power in the country that can hope successfully to resist his pretensions. The Republic has never taken root in the affections of the people, and the manner in which affairs have been managed at head quarters has tended to bring the nation into contempt. Deprived of the support of the army the only course open to the Govern ment will be to accommodate them selves to circumstances aud seek safety in submission or in flight, leaving it to the rival aspirants to the throne to settle batween themselves which is to rule. We have stated that the news brought this morning is cal culated to occasion surprise; but this is not altogether the case. The fact is the Alfonsista have been for some time gaining strength at Madrid, and it has been felt that the step which has now been taken could not be long deferred. It may be mentioned that the Prince of Asturias, upon whom sovereignty has been thrust at so critical a time in the histoiy of the nation, is now about seventeen years of age, and that he claims through his mother, who in June, 1S70, voluntarily renounced all her rights to him. He is spoken of in well-informed circles as a youth of great promise, and recently he has entered as a eadet at the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. His elevation to the throne, whatever effect it may have, certainly renders the prospect fer Spam no blacker than it has been for many months past. In France progress is being made towards the passing of the Constitutional Laws. The leaders of the several parties have consented to discuss the measures upon their merits, e'though they reserve all rights of disagree ment upon matters of detail Such a con cession is, after all, a very equivocal one. Native Races.— It is not long since we published an abstract of a masterly address given by Professor Max Muller at the Royal Institution in London, in which that eminent scholar advocated the appointment of ' Literary Missionaries,' who should com bine with their ordinary religious labourc researches into the domain of aboriginal languages, customs, religions, and laws. A portion of his remarks were especially directed to the necessity of collecting in formation in reference to the natives of the Australian Continent. To quote the words of our own article : — ' With the pathos of an enthusiast he bemoans the fact that some of the tribes adjoining the English Colonies in America, Australia, Africa, and Polynesia are dying out— their customs, their traditions, and their religions are being swept away. From his point of view this is a serious matter. He goes so far as to declare that in the study of language the dialect of the most savage tribe is as valuable as Sanskrit or Hebrew— nay, for the solution of certain ques tions more so. In many cases these savage dialects have escaped observation almost entirely; in most others our information is as yet very superficial. Professor Muller pleads earnestly for a thorough and systematic investigation. He argues from the mistakes and contradictions of hasty observers that the work must be repeated with great patience and judgment. ' What is wanted,' he exclaims, ' is more facts and fewer theories, and those facts can only be obtained by patient study of the lowest races of man kind.'' There are few who will venture to deny the value of a knowledge of the language, genealogy, and customs of aboriginal races in relation to the cause of science, and we must all share the Professor's regret that more extensive efforts have not been made to collect the needed information about the native tribes of Australia. Something has been done in this colony in furtherance of that end— notably by the Rev. Mr. Taplin, of Point Macleay, and Police trooper Gason, who is the author of an interesting work dealing with the blacks in the neighbourhood of Lake Hope; but it is impossible that the isolated efforts of individuals acting upon no common plan can be so useful as operations guided by a central organization. We are therefore glad to notice that steps are being taken under the auspices of the Government of Victoria to obtain information 'respecting the terms of consanguinity and affinity in use among the Australian aborigines,' and we are still more gratified to learn that "the present enquiry is but a part of the extensive organized research which has been carried on in all parts of the globe during the last 20 years, and which has done much to ascertain the various steps by which the human race has slowly and painfully emerged from savagery and advanced towards civilization.' The Bev. Lorimer Fison, and Mr. Alfred W. flowett, F.G.S., have undertaken to prepare a report on the points to which the present enquiries relate, and although the data which w ill probably be obtained through the replies to the circulars which have been sent to various parts of the colonies with the object of procuring genealogical and other information will not be so com plete as to render further search unneceaary, we can heartily join in the hope expressed in the document issued by the Protector of Aborigines in Melbourne, that 'the high scientific importance of such investigations will prompt those who possess information to contribute facts in the form desired.' Sib Geobge Bowex.— We understand that His Excellency the Governor of Victoria, who is a passenger by the P. & O. steamer Ceylon for England, will land at Glenelg to- day, and visit the Governor of this province in Adelaide. The Glenelg Kailway Company will have a private carriage reserved for the occasion. GOVEBNMEKT- RAILWAY TRAFFIC. — About 15,CC0 people were conveyed on the Port and ftorth Lines oa Friday. The Stubt.— A requisition to Mr. F. J. Way, Q.C., asking him to stand a3 a caididat j for the representation ol the Electoral D:s!ricfc of Stnrt appears to-day in oar business columns. Mr. Way bai consented. Acctoest.— On January 1 a vehicle with fo ir cccupants ran into a velocipede near Stepre/. 1 he occupants of the trap wiro thrown *ut, «n I Mcssi3. F. Newbery and R. L. Page sustained severe scalp wounds and bruises. Two other occupants escaped with a shaking. The Oval Match.— The match between 15 I cricketers from Kadina and 11 members of the ' South Australian Association was commenced on Friday. The Eleven first defended the wickets, and scored 87, the Fifteen obtaining 97. The Seven commenced their socond innings, and scored 31 with four wickets down. The game will be resumed at noon to-day instead of at 11 o'clock as previously announced. Coba de Lamond.— Scores were sent away from White's Boom in the evening of New Tear's Day, the place being crammei to tbe doors. There was a change of programme, and amusing songs, dances, aud tricks were intro duced. Adelaide Races.— About 1,500 persons assembled upon the Adelaide Racecourse on the afternoon of New Year's Day to witness half a dozen races arranged by a few sporting gentle men. The weather was cloudy and cold. Bain, which fell in the morning, improved the course, the running ground being softened without being made too heavy. The opening events— the Maidens and the Free Handicap— proved ficucot, being walkovers respectively for Bar One and Rainbow. In the Grand Stand Handicap ocly two horses ran, and Mr. A. 8. Murray's Euterpe was the victor after a good race. Mr. Correil's Tormentor won the Handicap Steeple chase, and Mr. Sanderson's b.m. tbe Handicap Trotting Race. The Ladies' Purse was another failure, being a walkover for Euterpe. The pro ceedings were wound up by a Hurryskurry, iu wbich Mr. Berson's Rainbow was first. On the whole tlio sports were not so satisfactory as the public had a tight to exp9Ct, three of the adver tised anVrs being uucontcsted. The entries declared a fortnight ago did not indicate sparse ness of competition. VaIEDICTORY. — A pleasant gathering took place on Thursday, the 31st ultimo, at the Prince Alfred Hotel, when Mr. G. S. Fowler entertained at supper the employed of Messrs. D. k J. Fowler, numbering 44, upon the ere of Mr. H. T. Barnes's departure on a visit to Europe to recruit his health. Tbe guest has been connected with the firm for many years, and he, in conjunction with Messrs. Preston and Joyner, managed the business during the absence of the partners in England. The entertainer presided, and Boat Aldridge provided a capital spread. Mr. Gardiner presented to the guest a beauti fully-engrossed address, which referred to the recipient's long services and expressed the hope that bis strength would bo restored by the trip. Mr. G. C. Knight then handed ovor a handsome silver salver having the inscription— 'Presented to H. T. Barnes, Esq., by the employes of Messrs. D. & J. Fowler as a token of esteem. Adelaide, December, 1874.' Ac companying the salver was a silver cigar-case beating the receiver's initials. The guest re plied in a neat speech, remarking that he hoped soon to return to this city well and strong. Sundry toasts, recitations, and songs completed the programme. In tbe course of the proceed ings the Chairman in cordial terms bore testi mony to Mr. Barnes's efficiency, tact, industry, trustworthiness, and excellent character. Death fkom Sunstroke. — Information reached the police stationed at Clare that a boy named Michael McMahon, soven years of age, son of Mr. McMahon, farmer, Sandy Creek, six miles from Rochester, bad wandered from fc;s home on Monday morning, the 28th ultimo, and could not be found. Police-trooper Riebe was at once dispatched to aid in the search. It appears that the boy, who was dumb, was playing with children at a haystack adjoining the house, and had wandered away from the others unperceived. When he was missed search wa? immediately made, for the parents were apprehensive of sunstroke, as the boy had no covering on his head. There is a scrub seme little distance from the house, aud it was supposed that he went in that direction; but the search was unsuccessful Police-trooper Riebe went in an opposite direction, and be found the boy lying dead iu a field of wheat not far from the house, at half-past 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon. The body was much discoloured, the face being quite black. It is supposed that the child had been sunstruck — for the day was very hot— and had then wandered into the standing crop to where he was found dead. The trooper reported the case to Mr. McNamara, J.P., who did not think an inquest necessary, and gave an order for burial. — NorViern Argus. Melbourne German Club.— The Deutsche Turn Verein is considerably enlarging the pre mises occupied by it in Latrobe-street, east Melbourne, and the additions, when completed, will make the institution very attractive to the members. The Argus states:— 'All the con \- veniences offered by a good literary Club will be obtainable, besides whieh there is an excellent amenably hall, suitable either for lectures or social entertainments. The building when com pleted will present rather a handsome and im posing appearance from the street. The im provements now being effected will cost close upon £1,700, for raising which strenuous efforta are being made.' Slicfessides. — Our contemporary, the Wallaroo limes, in a recent issue expresses an opinion that the late explosion at Hughes's Shaft was not due to the ignition of lithof racteur, and suggests that the mischief was attributable to slickensides, which he says is a species of galena. Now in the first place slickensides is not a species of galena; and in the second place if the explosion was not due to litho fracteur it certainly was to dynamite, which essentially is identical with lithofracteur, both having nitro-glycerine for their basa. With respect to 'slickensides' Sir Charles Lyell gives the following explanation:—' The opposite walls of vein are often beautifully polished, as if glazed, apd are not unfrequently striated or scored with parallel furrows and ridges, such as would ba produced by the continued nibbing together of surface of unequal hard ness. Those smooth surfaces resemble the rocky floor, over which a glabier ha? passed. They are common even in cases where there has been no shift, and occur equally in nonmetalli ferous fissure?. They are called by miners 'slickensides,' from the German schlichltn, to plane, and seite, side.' As to the cause of the explosion, we may state that one of the pare who worked in Hughes's Shaft at the 200-fm. level about two years ago has admitted that, on discontinuing operations there, a package of dynamite was left on the very ledge of ground that was being bored when the explosion took place. Of course the inference is that the heat and moisture of the air in the shaft caused the nitro-glyceiine to exude from the package anl fled its way into the interstices of the rock, where it formed a very effective charge, awaiting only the application of a spark from the drill to cause its explosion. — Y. P. Adurtita1. The Cost pp Wars.— The cost of the war of 1870, according to an article in the Allgemike ZiUvntf, was comparatively smalL On the part of France it amounted to £371,000,000, to which £173,000,000 may be added as the value of the ceded territory. The amount spent by Germany was of course loss, the troops operating in the enemy's country, no towns having to be Tictualled, and the Commissariat being much better managed than with the French. The cost of the North German Confederation h?9 been officially stated at £47,000,000. When the truce was concluded the German Treasury was empty, and but for the contribution levied on Paris acd the first instalment of the indemnity a new loan would have been necessary. The £6,000,000 of the German war chest and the £58,000,000 of the war loan miut have beeu exhausted. Contemporary wars have been far more costly. Brazil expended 12i millions in its war aprainst Parpguay; the American civil war cost 330 millions; the Crimean war cDst England 167 millions; th9 Abyssinian expedition & millions, and the Ashantee war H million?. The cost of the Franco-German war' is all the more moderate, inasmuch as private compensa tion is included— seven millions on the German and 24 millions on the French side. The loss of 129,250 German soldiers, who were killed on the battle-field or died in hospitals, would not, however, remarks tie AUgmeine Zeitung, be compensated even were the cost of the war repaid thrice over. ThbBat Railway.— There were aboat 2,000 pa*engers upon this railway on New Year's Day. Miss Christian.— This sweet nngor is making a tour in New Zealand. The Diphtheria Scocrgb.— Diphtheria has been committing fearful ravages in New York, remarkB the Argvs, and that paper adds : — ' In the week ending the 17th of October last the number of deaths from this cause amounted ta 46, as many as three occurring in a single house. The disease was not confined to one quarter of tbe city, but extended to all. It was most malignant in large tenement* where numbers of people are closely packed together, and all the surrounding conditions are unfavourable to health. The medical faculty in New York appear to be generally of opinion that diphtheria is contagious, and it is interesting to mention, tn connection with the theory of our correspon dent ' Mucor,' that the most eminent physicians of that city lay great stress upon the im portance of a proper disinfection of the excretions of the sick. Owing to the belief of the contagiousness of the disease patients are not sent to any of the general hospitals; and there is some talk of founding one specially for such cases, and of making such arrangements in it as will admit of their isola tion. In connection with a subject which pos sesses as painful an interest for the inhabitants of this colony as it does for the people o* New York, and as bearing also on the fungoid theory of zymotic d'seaee, in all its varieties, attention has been called by an Finish Profes.or to the following incident:— A family in his neighbour hood was attacked by typhoid fever of a severe type, and applying himself to an investigation of the probable causes of the malady, he enquired from wbenco the ordinary supply of water was obtained. Being referred to the pump, he examined the spout and found it to be covered with a sort of gelatinous mattar. 'Sub mitting this to microscopic investigation, it Has seen to be a fungoid growth, from which spores were constantly washed away by the flowing water. Following up this discovery by a minute examination of the outlet of the cower through which the drainage of the town flowed, there were found fungoid growths of a similar nature to those in the pump spout. In the vicinity of this outlet the fever had also pre vailed. Having c?ses of fever in h;* own family, the Professor followed up his enquiry by a chemical analysis of the water drunk, and found in it minute spores of the same fungus. His conclusion is, therefore, that the fever had ifs origin in the fungus matter taken into the system, where it ferments as yeast in beer, and poisons the blood.' ' The Altitude at which Mek can Live.— There has bc9n a great deal of discussion, says Chambtrs's Journal, as to the altitude at which human beings can exist, and Mr. Glaisher him self can tell U8 as much about it as anybody. In July, 1872, he and Mr. Coxwell ascended in a balloon to the enormous height of 38,000 ft. Previous to tho start Mr. Glafeher's pulse stood at 76 beats to the minute, Coxwell's at 74. At 17,000 ft. the pulse of the former was at 84, that of the latter at 100. At 19,000 ft. Glaisher's hands and Iip3 wero quite blue, but not his face. At 21,000 ft. he heard his heart beating, and his breathing became oppressed; at 29,000 ft. he became senseless; notwithstanding which the aeronaut, in the interest of science, went up another 8,000 f\, till he could no longer use big hands, andhad to pull the strings of tiie valve with his'seth. Aeronauts who have to make no exer tionsbave of course a great advantage over mem bers of the Alpine Club and thow) who trust their legs; even at 13,000 ft. these climbers fcal very uncomfoi table, more so in the Alps, it seems, than elsewhere. At the monr?tery of SL Bernard, 8,117 ft. high, the monks become asthmatic, and are compelled frequently to descend into the Valley of the Rhone for— any- thing but a breath of fresh aL-; and at the end of ten years' service are obliged to give up their high Hving, and come down to their usual level. At the same time in South America there are towns, such as Potosi, placed as hijhas the top of Mont Blanc, the inhabitant^ of whick feel no inconvenience.' The highest inhabited spot in the world it, however, the Buddhist cloister of Hacle, in Thibet, where twenty-one pries''; live at an altitude of 16,000 ft. The brothers Schlaginsweit, when they explored the glaciers of the Ibi-Gamin, in the 'same country, encamped at 21,000 ft., the highest altitude at which a European ever passed the night. Even at the top of Mont Blanc Professor Tyndall's guides found it very unpleasant to do tb;s, though the Professor himself did not confess to feeling eo bad as they. The highest mountain in the world is Mount Everest (Himalaya), 29,003 ft., and the condor has been seen 'winging the blue air' 500 ft higher. The air, by-the-bye, is not ' blue,' or else, as De Saussure pointed out, ' the distant mountains which are covered with snow would appear blue also;' its apparent colour being due to the reflection of light. What light can do and does is marvellous; and not the least is its power of attraction to humanity. A Good Samaiutan.— ' We desire to celebrate the virtues of a good person iu tbe North,' writes the author of 'Specialities' in the Queentlander. ' Among this amiable individuals acquaintance was a widow wodd^a in distressed circumstances, with several children who wero not a bit better off. Things had been going badly with her. She was in debt — indebted in fact to our Sama ritan. Do you think he pressed her ? Not he. He was a kindly man. He went round with the bat. He spared no trouble. He represented with tears in his tender eyes the urgent necessity which a most desening person was in for some speedy pecuniary relief. Her babes, he men tioned, were crying aloud for bread, and she had none to give them. He was eloquent, pathetic, heartrending. The picture he drew sent every man's hand into his pocket, and before long he wended tie way homeward with such happiness in his heart as is only known to those who have accomplished a good action. Not a moment did he lose in giving ease to his protege. He wrote out his own small account against her, can-fully deducted from same the amount he had col lected, showed the balance still chargeable to her, and mentioned that the favour of an early settlement would greatly oblige. Tkis is one of the class who do good by (literally) stealth. He will probably blush to find it fame.' Locusts in America.— Consequent uppn the ravages of the locusts ar-d the destruction of the crops in Nebraska, famine hat broken out in that region. The Chicago correspondent of the Hew York Irihune, writing on the 22nd of October, says :— ' Death from starvation for the actual want of food is a calamity that stares in the face 7,000 men, women, and children within 18 hours' travel of Chicago, and in the heart of the grain-growing region of the country. General Ord, commanding the Department of the Platte, and who is personally cognizant of the facts, addressed tho Board of Trade to-day, te'.ling in plain direct terms the sad story of the desti tution in Western Nebraska, caused by the ravages of the grasshoppers. From the reports of his officers on the ground, and among these people, he has trustwoi &y; information as to the actual condition of affp;rs. He states that several cases of actual death have already taken place. Fathers have been compelled to abandon their families and seek work and food. In one house the corpse of a cb;'d was found that had perished for want of food, and near it the mother, prostrate and dying from the same cause. He states that in Boone, Greely, Sher man, Howard, Buffalo, and all the other counties 50 miles we3t of the Missouri River, two-thirds of the people are destitute of all the necessaries of life. They have neither clothing nor shoes, and food ;3 impotable to get.' Republican Feeiing in Fkcland. —Speak ing of the decline of republican feeling iu England, tbe New York World observes that that feeling ' was stronger even 10 years ago than it is now. It will not be the fault of the Republican party in the United State3 if it preserves even a ghost of vitality for two years locgrer. Tho Epeotaclo presented in the actual condition of Carolina and Louisiana of the worst forms of despotism, sanctioned and sustained by a Republican Congress and a Republican Presi dent, is not calculated to excite in the breastsof a practical people like our British kinsmen any very lively desiro of experimenting in the direc tion which has led to such hideous results. It is cheaper in the end even to pay the debts of a Prince of Wales now and then than to be obliged to foot the bills for the military occupa tion of States larger than England, and the worst follies of a ilarlborough House are sot so demoralising to a nation's conscience as the clinking of glasses at an ' Aztec Club' dinner to the accompaniment of cannon and musketry mowing down the citizens of a great city in their ? own streets.', The Nkw Ihtiak Was.— We copy from a late Indian paper the following official notification issued by the Viceroy of India in Council for a campaign ona small scale against the Duffias, ? predatory tribe inhabiting the north-east frontier of Assam:— 'His Highness in Council having arrived at the conclusion that an expedi tion on a small scale into the Duffla country ia unavoidable, the Military Department has been requested, in communication with His Excel lency the Commander-in-chief, to arrange the necessary details. The objects which the offioer in command of the expedition must keep in view are the rescue of the captives carried off from British territory ty the Duffias, the inflic tion of moderate punishment on the offending tube, and such a demonstration of force as will be sufficient to deter them from a repetition of raids. His Excellency in CouncU is of opinion that severe measures will probably not be needed, and he deores that, as far as possible, the expedition will refrain from taking life and from burning villages and destroying crops. Such measures mavunfortunately be found neces sary either in self defence or because the demands made on the tribe are contumaciously refused, or because the tactics pursued by the Dufflas cannot otherwise be met. The officer iu command of the force is therefore left with full discretionary power to adopt such steps as he may think necessary to insure the complete success of the expedi tion. Still it 18 the hope and desire of His Excellency in Council that severe retaliatory measures will not be resorted to if the main object in view can be otherwise obtained. If the captives be surrendered, His Excellency iu Council will be sat;s2ed with such a punishment o? the offending tribe, in the shape of a fie or otherwise, as may afford sufficient means of gh Ing: reasonable compensation to the capfivc3 lorthe suffering they have undergone and the losses they have susta;ned. The expedition should remain long enough in the DufBa country to conyince the tribe that their country is quits accessible to our troops. This will probably give the best security against future raids; but the officer in command is at liberty to exact such further security, through hostages or othei wLe, as he nay consider desirable. If thetroop3 move early in December, they will probably be able to return before there is aay risk of their health being affected. Opportunity will be taken to effect as complete an exploration of the country as circumstances will permit. For this purpose a survey party will be attached to the expedi tion. The supreme authority in all matters relating to the conduct of the expedition wDl be vested in the officer in command. The civil or political officers and the survey party attached to the expedition will be in all respects sub ordinate to him. The expedition will be under the command of Brigadier-General Stafford, C.B. Comptjijsoby Education in New York.— A late English paper says:— 'Anew Act for the enforcement of education has just been passed. The first section requires every parent, and other persons having the care or control of any child between the ages of eight and 14 years, to have him or her 'instructed in spelling, reading, writing, English grammar, geography, and arithmetic,' for at least 14 weeks in each year, and not less than eight weeks conse cutively. The second section prohibits, under a penalty of $50, any person to employ a child within the ages specified above during the school hours of a school day unleri the child is able to produce a written certificate, signed by a teacher or a trustee of a school, that he has attended school the requisite number of times. And the third section enjoins parents, guardianb, and other persons having tbe control of children to send them to school for at least fourteen weeks if the children are disoharged from employment because of previous non attendance. In crse parents or guardians do sot comply with the provisions of the first and third sections they become liable to a fine of SI for the first offence, and of not more than 85 per week for each subsequent offence; but the fines must not be impcrcd for more then thirteen weeks in any ono year. In other words, the maximum penalty is 66$, or allowing for the depreciation of the currency, about £12 sterling. Only two causes are permitted to be pleaded in exemption of these provisions. The first is where the child's health is not such as to allow of h's attending school; the second, when the parent or gaardian is unable to compel the attendance of the child, and so states in writing to the proper educa tional authority. After such notice the responsi bility of the parent or guardian ceasoe, and the child is to be dealt with an an habitual truant.' The Act was to come into force on New Year's Day. A Corrupt Babgajn.— 'A point of a good deal of interest, both to newspapers and thoir readers,' writes the New York Nation of October 8, 'will probably before long be submitted to the United States Court in this district in the shape of an application by the Trustee in Bank ruptcy of the estate of Jay Cooke k Co. to set aside a contract made by that firm with Mr. Henry C. Bowen, the publisher and proprietor of the Independent (a religious newspaper;, and to recover the consideration on which it was based. The contract provided that Mr. Bowen was to lend the use of his editorial columns and other wise exert himself to promote the sole of tbe bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad, in return for which he was to receive in bonds and stock a percentage on the amount of bonds sold through whatever channel, and he did actually thus receive $50,000 in bonds and §460,000 in stock, face value of course. The trustee now repudiates this contract as contra bonos mores, acd asks that the bonds and stock be surrendered to the estate. It is possible that as between Jay Cooke and Mr. Bowen the contract would stand under the iulo known to the lawyers as ' in pari delido, polior tstconditio defendentis,' which may be freely translated by saying that where there is rascality on both sides, the defendant may keep what he has got. The Court will therefore probably have to decide whether the trustee stands morally in Cooke's shoes; and, if not, whether the contract h immoral. If it decides the latter point in the affirmative, of course the bonds would have to ba restored to the estate for distribution among the creditors.' Polluting a Etveh.— The New Zealand correspondent of the Argus writes:— 'A very important mining case has recently been argued before our Court of Appeal in the shape of a special case. The case is one of such public im portance that the expenses on both sides aro paid by the Government. The plaintiffs aro Messrs. Borton, runholders in Otago, and the defendants are Howe and others, miners. The plaintiffs are the pastoral tenants of the ground on which the Mareawhenua goldfield now exists, and they have a quantity of freehold land abutting on the Mareawhenua River. On the goldfield the mode of working i3 chiefly ground sluicing, and this of course pollutes the river. The ^ plaintiffs claim riparian rights, and tke suit is brought to test the value of thh claim. If it can he maintained, then an enormous extent of land will be locked up from use. In fact, if the owner of land abutting ona river can prohibit all mining operations teudiDg to pollute the river, then gold-mining in Otago will be virtually at an end. The chief diggings in the province are on the Taieri and Molyneux Rivers, which afterwards run through thickly populated agricultural districts, and are all more or less polluted by the mining opera tions on their upper waters. The case was arguedwith great abflity fcr three or four days, and ultimately the Judges reserved their decision until the next sitting of the Court, which will cot be held for some months. Whichever way the decision may be in tho Court here, the case is csrtain to be carried to the Privy Council, the interests involved being so enormous and impor tant, not only to the parties to the cause, but to the general public.' Introduction of the Mulberry.— Mulberry trees, says a London paper, were introduced into Englard, early in his reign, by James I., who spent £935 in planting them near his palace; and by royal edict about the year 1605 offered packets of mulberry seed3 to all who would sow them for the purpose of encouraging the cultivation of Bilk-worms for the promotion of rilk manufacture in this country. The royal patronage rendered the tree so popular that there is scarcely an old garden or gentleman's seat which had existed in the seventeenth century in which a mulberry tree is not to ba found. In 1609 Sieur de la Foret, who had in France a nursery of 53,000 plants, travelled over the Midland and Eastern Counties of England for the sale of mulberry trees, and distributed not fewer than 100,000 trees. 