TAKEN JLT IBB PtOOJ). • 4 CHAPTER XIV, VEBLOKEN 1ST VERLOREN*! UV THE AUTHOR OF "TADT ADDLEV'S SECRET," " ACUOJLA FTX>V*D," &C.;, "X, The woman entered with a nervous, furtive air, as it she were not quite sure whether that dimly lighted parlor might not be in somewise a trap—which might close upon her to her undoing. She lookedaround the roomcuriously —wonderingly—aud from the room she looked at the schoolmaster. ( " Yes," ho said, answering the look. " Its a change, isn't it ? Nothing splendid heranotlung to swell a woman's vanity or feed her ride." (< Tlie pi ace i 00 k8 very poor," replied the woman falteringly, " but I've been used to poverty." Then with a little gush of feeling she looked straight in his face, and said, « Haven't you one kind word for me, Carford, after all these years f " Drop that name, if you please," he said angrily. " Here I'm known as James Caww. you could only have tracked me here by that name." •'Don't sayftracked you here, James. I should never have troubled you if there'd been any other creature upon this earth to whom I could appeal in my distress." " What, have you used them all up—worn them all out—all the fops and flatterers who used to swear by the pretty Mrs. Carford I" " I want so little, James," pleaded the woman, not replying to his sneer. " I expect so little." « l'ni glad of tliat," cried Mr, Carew, "this is no place to foster large expectations. Winy, woman, do 3'ou require to be told that the utmost I have been able to do in all these "years has been to find bread for myself and my child? Do you want words to tell you that, when you see me here!" He surveyed the room with ineffable contempt; the woman watching him all the while with her haggard eyes. " This room is a palace, James," she said presently, " compared with the holes that I have occupied." She seated herself with a hesitatiug air, as if doubtful whether the privilege of sitting in that room might not be denied her—seated herself where the light of the one candle shone full upon her wan face. It was a face that had once been beautiful That was seen at a glance. Those large hazel eyes, seeming larger for the hollowness of the cheeks, haggard as they wore, had not lost all their lustre. The delicate features neither years nor sorrow had changed; yet on all the face there was the stamp of ruin, a decay beyond hope of restoration. Never again could bloom or freshness brighten that image of departed beauty. Like a ghost appeared this woman to the eyes that had seen her in her prime. The schoolmaster contemplated her a little while thoughtfully, then turned away with a sigh. Such decay is sadder than death. Yes she had been pretty; and her face bore a painful likeness to another face, now in its flower of loveliness. Those eyes were Sylvia's eyes grown old. Those delicate features had the same modelling. But all the glory of coloring which made Sylvia resemble a picture by Titian this face had lost. A pale grayness was its pervading tint. The loose hair that strayed across the deeply-lined forehead was of the same faded neutral hue as the shrunken cheek. If ever the ghost of beauty walked this earth, this was tliat sorrowful phantom— a shade which seemed to say to youth aud loveliness, " Behold how fleeting are your graces!" A history of woman's decadence might have been written from this woman's dress. The flimsy silk gown, worn at every seam, stained and smeared with dirt of years— the wretched rag of a shawl which had once called itself black lace, but was now the color of the grass in Hyde Park altera hot summer—the bonnet, a thing compounded of scraps from a milliner's rag bag—the gloves, last sacrifice to civilization, shrunk from exposure to bad weather till they could scarcely cover even those wasted hands. Genteel penury had reached its ultimate limit " How did you find me?" asked Mr. Carew, after a pause, during which the woman had watched his face closely, trying , to read hope there, "Mr. Miles, tho cashier, mot me in Holbora one day, and seeing me so poor, asked me why I did not apply to you. He had seen you in the church here one day when he had como down for a week's fishing in this neighborhood, and ho remembered you. He told me that you Boomed comfortably off, and might help mo a little. This happened quite three years ago.- I did not want to como to you, James. I knew I had no right. I waited till starvation drove ino hero," i : , - "Starvation," cried the schoolmaster, "if you had enough money to pay your journey down here, you must have boon * long way off starvation." v , few shillings did that. I eame by a ** excursion train to Monkhamptoa. I ied balf- a-sovereign from my landlady— ul, who has been veiy patient with " Your friend would have done better to keep her money. I have not ten shillings to give you. Good heavens! is there no corner of the earth remote enough to shelter ft man from the eye of the world I To think that fellow Miles should spy me out even here J " He spoke quite kindly of you, James. " Curse his impertinence ! Wlwt right had he to mention myname? To youofall people! " Oh, I know I had no right to come to you," said the woman, with abject humility. "There is no pity, no forgiveness—at least none on earth—for a wife that has once wronged her husband." « Once wronged f cried James Carew, with intense bitterness. "Once wronged! Why, your life was one long series of wrong against me. If it had been but your falsehood as a wjfe—well, there are men whose philosophy is enough to stretch to forgiveness! I don't say I am one of those. But it is just possible that, had your one crime been your flight with that scoundrel, time might have taught me to think less hardly of you." Worms are said to turn when trodden on. A curious sparkle glittered in Mrs. Carford's wan eyes; her lip curled with irrepressible scorn, " My crime served as a set-off against yours, James," she said quietly. "But for that you might liave stood in the felon's dock." " But for that! Mv. Mowbray could not afford to prosecute the husband of the woman iie seduced for the error of which her extravagance was the chief cause." " My extravagance! Oh, James, don't be too hard upon me. Who was it most loved show and luxury, and prided himself on his hospitality, and was never satisfied unless life was all pleasure? Who was it that belonged to half-a-dozcn clubs, where one might have sufficed him ? Who attended every race meeting, and won aud lost money so Skat that his bewildered brain lost count of gains and losses? My extravagance indeed! What was a dressmaker's bill against settling-day at Tattersall's, or the price of au occasional box at the opera against a run of ill-luck at Crockford's t And how was I to know that we were living beyond our income when I saw you spare nothing to gratify your own fancies. I knew you were only a salaried manager in that great house, but I knew your salary was a large one, and, that you occupied a position of influence which your father had held before you. What was I but a school-girl when you married me; and what experience had I to guide me I Do you think I should have been reckless if you had told me the truth; if you had only been frank and confessed tliat we were on the brink of ruin, that you had falsified the accounts of the house, and lived in hourly fear of discovery ?" " Confess to youf cried the husband scornfully ; " confess to a doll that only lived to be dressed and made pretty. Where was I to look for a heart under all your finery! No, I preferred trusting to the chapter of accidents rather than to such a wife as yon, I thought I might tide over my difficulties. The deficiency was large, but one great stroke of luck on the turf might have enabled me to make thiugs squaw. I went on hoping in tho face of ruin till one day I went to my office to find a strange accountant going through my books; and came back to my home a few hours later to discover that my wife had eloped with my employer," "That-wicked act saved you from a convict's cell," said tho woman. " At the price of my dishonor," answered the schoolmaster. " The same night brought me a letter from my betrayer—the- honored guest at my board—the innocent victim of ray fraud, as I had believed him—informing me that my defalcations had been long suspected aud had now been proved with mathematical exactness by an examination of the books. The letter, curt, and without signature, informed mo further that the liouso would spare me tho disgrace of a prosecution on condition that I withdrew myself from the ooniuuercial world and refrained from any future attempt to obtain credit or employment in th(? City of London Of the wife he had,stolen from me tho villain who penned that letter said nothing." There was a pause. James Carew stoppedexhauBtc^^by,.^«si,.5i -vvhicli waS not tlie leas intense because he held it well in check "What was I to dor Submit tamely to my dishonor, or follow the scoundrel who had stolen my wife? If I followed him .if T asserted an injured husband's right of satisfiiction, he would bring my defalcations against mo. I had Signed his iiauid ti'"bills forony own advantage He could denounce ine Wa forger, I hod kept back TOonoye that ought to have come to him. He cotUd eliatgo"tno with theft. Vain to say that I meant to redeem the bills—-that 1 hoped to replace the money, The thing was done." He paused again breathless, and wiped the drops from his forehead. The very memory oftltoso days revived the old passion. "Idreaded the felon's fete. But I was a •man and not a worm. So I followed you and your seducer—found you after a long hunt, at Lucerne. How could such guilty souls face the sublimity of nature f Mowbray behaved a shade better than I could have hoped. We fought, and I wounded him, and left liim in the arms of his valet, in p, little wood not five hundred yards from the hotel where I found you both. I came back to England, wandered about aimlessly for some time; carrying Sylvia with me always expecting to be arrested: and finally came down hero penniless. I found the post of village schoolmaster vacant, applied for it, and after a little delay obtained it, with no better recommendation than a bearing which my patron* were pleased to think that of a gentleman. That is the sum of my history. Yours, I doubt not, can boast more variety." " Only the varieties of sorrow and remorse, James," answered the wife, with a heart-broken sigh. " I was not so guilty, so lost to shame as you deem me. The burden of my sin weighed heavy upon me. I pined for my child. I felt the sharp sting of dishonor. Grief made me a dull companion; and the day came when I saw weariness in the fece that had once known only smiles for me. I felt then that the end was near. My sacrifice had won happiness neither for myself nor the man who still professed to love me. We wandered about the continent till he grew tired, and talked of going back to England. I was heart sick of those garish foreign cities, but the thought of returning filled me with horror. I should see people I had known—people who knew my story. I told him my dread, and for the first time he answered me with a sneer, There's not much fear of your friends recognising you,' he said. ' You forget how changed you are.' I looked in my glass a little while afterwards, and saw how truly he had spoken. My beauty was gone." "And Boon after this mutual discovery, your lover left you, I suppose," said Mr. Carew. "No, that last shame was spared me. I left him. I felt that the chain draped heavily, and conscience, which only the thought ot his affection could stifle, awoke with all its terrors. I could hardly have found courage to tell my wretched story to a pastor of my own faith, but there was a good old Catholic priest who officiated at a little chapel in the Tyrol, where we had wandered, an old man whose face promised pity. I went to him and told him all. He bade me consider that if I wished to reconcile myself to offended heaven, my first act must be to leave the path of sin. I told him that I was penniless, but that I thought if I could get to one of the great cities of Germany I might obtain employment as a governess, or travelling companion, or some kind of situation where a knowledge of languages would be valuable. The good old man lent me a few pounds, enough to take me to Leipsic, and support me there while I looked about me. At first, fortune seemed to favor my efforts, and I thought heaven was reconciled with me. I obtained a situation in a school, to teach English, French, and Italian. The pittance was small, but my chief need was a shelter. Out of that pittance I contrived to repay the good priest's loan, and clothe myself decently. All went well with me till in an evil hour, after I had been three years at the school, and had won the principal's good word by my industry, one of my old friends brought a pupil to the school. She was a woman who had admired my lace and jewels, and shared my opera-box, and a dozen other pleasures. She saw me, recognised the wreck of her former acquaintance, and told the principal my story—not too gently. I waB dismissed that day, and had to begin the world again, without a character and without a friend. I need not weary you with the rest of my Btory. Indeed I have not strength to tell it. Enough that I have lived, I have hung on to the ragged edge of society, been daily-governess in poor neighborhoods, danced in a ballet at a theatre in the City Road, gone out as a dressmaker's drudge at fifteenpence a day—but though often face to face with starvation—I have never applied to Horace Mowbray for heli)." " I read his marriage in the papers some years ago,"said JamesCarew, "a groat marriage, one that must have doubled his fortune. I suppose he is a millionaire now ?" " Mr. Miles told me that he is/very rich," answered the woman, with a sigh. "He seemed to wonder at rayrage." "And not to give you credit for your penitence," said her husband, with his cynical laugh. " This world is not a good place for penitents." . " James," said the woman, with a sudden appeal, " will you'give me something to eat. "T am'faint with hunger. I have had nothing but a:pQnny |biscuit all this long day."; "Well. FU give you a meal You don't ask to see your daughter—a queer kind of mother." "I don't want her to see me," said the woman, shuddering. " Heaven knows how my heart aches at the thought of her. But I couldn't face her in these rags." "Couldn't you!" exclaimed the school master; " then you mustn't stay here, This house is not large enough to keep people apart. It isn't like our snug little box at Kilburn, with its drawing-room, and boudoir, and smoking-room, and study. If you want some thing to eat Sylvia must bring it." Don't let her know who I am," said the mother, trembling, and turniug with a scared look towards the door. "She shall know nothing unless she has been listening all the time; which is not impossible." He opened the door leading into the kitchen, and called Sylvia. The staircase led out of this room, and at the sound of her father's voice Sylvia came fluttering down the stairs. But it was just possible that light footstep might have only a minute before ascended. There was a pale, unquiet look in the girl's face, but she said not a word. "There is a half-famished wanderer in there," said her father. " Bring her whatever you can find for supper." Sylvia opened her little larder, and produced the carcase of a fowl, a scrap or two of bacon, some cold potatoes, and a loaf. She spread a napkin on a tray, and set out these viands, with a neatness which was habitual to her— even though lier hands trembled a little as they performed the task. Then with that tray in her bauds she went into the parlor. The wanderer looked at her, and she at the wanderer; both faces with something awful in their expression—as flesh and blood may look at a ghost. And indeed each saw a phantom in the fece of the other. One the spectre of the past—the other the shade of the future. This is what was," thought the mother. " This is what I may be," said the daughter. Sylvia set the tray down before the woman, looking at her all the while with a half-shrinking curiosity. That pale wan countenance, where all color seemed effaced by dull gray shadows, was so terribly like her own. She beheld her own lineaments, with all their beauty vanished. "What," she wondered, "is beautyBO dependent on color and freshness and youth that, though the lines remain, all is lost when youth is gone ?" She remembered Mrs. Standen's handsome middle-age. The matronly repose of the fine fece, the clear bright eyes, and the ripe bloom of the cheek. "Care is the destroyer of beauty," she thought, " and not Time. God keep me from such a life as my mother's." She had heard all. Her curiosity had been awakened by her father's manner, and she had taken care to make herself acquainted with the cause of his agitation. She had heard every syllable, for the doors fitted but loosely in that old house, and the voices had sounded as clearly as if she had been in the same room. Horrified, heart-sick she had heard of her mother's shame, her fathers dishonor. But though she had a shuddering compassion for the weaker sinner, her chief pity was for herself. By those sins she had been robbed of her birthright. Her parents' wrong-doing had condemned her to a youth of obscurest penury. They Jiad started fair on the road of life, and of their own guilty wills had wandered off into bramble-choked bye-ways, among thorns and briars which wouuded her innocent limbs. They had enjoyed their brief day of pleasure, and plucked the flowers in the golden valley of sin ; but for her there had been only the rugged stony steep of atonement. She had begun life weighted with the burden of their iniquities. The mother looked at her with a heart-rending gaze. Those faded eyes devoured her young beauty ; love's fond yearning spoke in every look, yet fear kept the tremulous lips silent. Never liad the sinner so deeply felt her sin. Years of remorse and sorrow weighed as nothing in this moment. The runaway wife looked at the child she had deserted and folt her guilt as keenly as if it had been a thing of yesterday, "How could I leave her?" she thought. "What if James was hard and cruel, and that other pleaded so tenderly? I had my child. I might have sustained my heart witfll that comfort. I might have put tlxat strong shield between my weakness and temptation." " You told me you were hungry," said Mr. Carew. "You had better eat your supper. It's late already." His wife had not seemed conscious that food t had been set before her. She watched Sylvia with eyes that could see nothing else; or only the past, which made a phantasmal background to that living picture. She stammered an apology, and began to eat; slowly at first, and with an absent air, then ravenously. The bird shorn and dismembered though he C a was, having served Mr, Carew for two diuners, was savory. The cold potatoes, tho bacon, the home-made loaf were luxury to one to whom plenty had been long unknown. She ate like one who had known starvation. Vague complainings, protestations of penitence, evoked no pity from James C&row; but absolute hunger touched oven his cold heart. In dim, lialf-forgotten years he had loved this woman —with no self-sacrificing soul-absorbing devotion, but with just as much love as he was capable of feeling—and it moved him to see her brought so low. He opened a cupboard and took out his bottle of claret—tin ordinaire at lifteenpeuce a bottle—filled a tumbler, and gave it to her. It was the first direct kiudness which he had shown her, and she looked up at him with a crouching gratitude—like a dog which has been beaten for wrong-doing, and then restored to his master's favor. " That's kind of you .Tames," she murmured, after drinking a little of the soinewliat crude vintage; " I haven't tasted wine since I was in the hospital." " In tho hospital—what for?" "I got knocked down by a cab, and my arm was broken. They took uie to the lloyai Free Hospital. I was there six weeks. The happiest time I ever had—after—I left Germany." " God help you !" cried Mr. Carew with a groan. " Eat your supper." Sylvia still lingered—fascinated by that spectral face. She had no yearning to fling her arms around this newly-discovered mother. She saw how worn and soiled those lags were, and could hardly have brought herself to touch them, for a love of external purity and a loathing of dirt were innate in Sylvia's mind. No new-fledged affections fluttered her heart, but by degrees a shuddering pity crept into that breast. She went to hoi father, and whispered in his car— " Where is—the person to sleep, papa ?" The question puzzled him. He looked at its unconscious subject doubtfully. Did she mean to plant herself upon him. Was this late arrival a deep-laid scheme intended to saddle him with this woman's maintenance for the rest of his days. If he gave her, out of mere Christian charity, a shelter to-niglit, would she refuse to depart to-morrow morniug. She was his very wife. No legal process had ever severed her from his table or his home. She could claim shelter and aliment from him if she pleased, aud it would be hard for him to dispute the claim, impossible to deny it, without exposure that would mean ruin. He looked at her doubtfully. He had had ample cause of complaint agaiust her in those vanished years; but lier sins had been vanity and extravagance, not hypocrisy or artifice. Yet she had ended by deceiving him. She had planned her flight secretly enough no doubt. He could hardly believe in an un- premeditated elopement; even in one as reckless as that vain foolish woman. And, again, poverty engenders vices not original to the character; poverty teaches artifice, poverty destroys pride. All lofty sentiments are crushed out of being by that grinding wheel. So, at least, argued James Carew. A woman who had served such a long apprenticeship to destitution must be dangerous. Sylvia stole to the window, lifted the blind to look out. The sky was dark, and the rain fell fast; noiseless summer rain, soft fertiliser of the beauteous earth. She went back to her father and whispered again. " Let her have my room, papa," she said, " I can sleep on the sofa here. You can't turn her out on such a night; and she looks ilL" " Siie can stay, then," answered Mr. Carew, " If she makes any attempt to settle herself hero I shall know how to meet it," he said to himself. " I am not a man to be caught in a trap of her setting." So it was arranged that the wanderer should rest at the school-house for that one night. Mr. Carew took care to specify the extent of his proffered hospitality. Best elsewhere in Hcdingliam, save on the leeside of a bay-stack, there would liave been none for her. That virtuous village had long been wrapped in restful slumbers, and had a mortal aversion to vagrants. {To be continued,) THE VISIT OF THE CRAB.—In an article upon the departure of the Emperor of Russia from Berlin, the North German Gazette says that the vis has passed off most satisfactorily, A complete understanding has all along prevailed, it states, between the two Sovereigns. The alarming war projects attributed to Germany obtained no credence in St. Petersburg, and the Czar did not go to Berlin under the supposition that a great conflagration was to be extinguished. Russia's confidence in Go man moderation is not, however, the North German Gazette Bays, shared everywhere. In England especially the falsehoods disseminated against Germany have met with belief. The ex- (lunation is to be found, the paper thinks, in the {act tliat the statements made were believed to emanate from persons whose positions gavetbem 