BUNGENDORE. ROMAN CATHOLIC BLESSING OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH. FROM some unexplained cause our cor- respondent at Bungendore having omitted to send us particulars of the above ceremony, we give in addition to the short notes appearing in our last issue, the following account from the special report of the Yass Courier:— On Sunday last His Grace the Co- adjutor Archbishop blessed the addi- tion recently made to the Roman Catholic Church at Bungendore. He had arrived in Bungendore on the Thursday previous, as the guest of Mr John Dwyer, of Ashby. On Saturday, the Archbishop confirmed 110 persons at St. Mary's, that number making upwards of one thousand persons con- firmed during his tour through the southern portion of the arch diocese. St. Mary's Church at Bungendore is now a handsomely designed edifice capable of contaning about four hun- dred persons. It is faithfully built of stone from the local quarries, with guoins, &c.;, of white Wingello stone. The contractors for the addition were the same as those for the original por- tion of the church, viz., Messrs Priest and Smith of Bungendore. The chancel window, the gift of Mrs. T. Shannahan, jun., a handsome one of stained glass, is the very creditable production of Messrs Fawkner and Ashburn, of Syd- ney. Out Sunday, at 11 o'clock, mass (the fourth one celebrated that morning) was celebrated by the Archbishop's chaplain, the Rev. McCollins. The attendance was exceedingly numerous, the building being thronged. Imme- diately before the reading of the epistle for the day, the Rev. Mr. McAuliffe, of Queanbeyan, the clergyman in pastoral charge of the Bungendore district, made a financial statement regarding the cost of the late additions to the church. Their cost had been £528 10s 2d, to meet which only £391 16 6d had as yet been subscribed. His Grace read the epistle for the day (I Thess iv.. 1 7) and the gospel (Matt. xvii., 1 9), and then delivered a sermon of which I include a report. Before giving the report I must be allowed to mention that no report can give any notion of the majestic pres- enee of D. Vaughan, his simple but powerful eloquence, the fascination, charm of his manner—to realise these things he must be heard, not read about. I adjoin the sermon:— Dearly Beloved.—These words from the epistle "this is the will of God your sanctifications seem to ??? in brief the spirit of the teaching of the Church; and well would it be for us were we to seek more earnestly after sanctification. The Church — and she has had a vast experience — in teaching us that the will of God is our sanctification, is giving us all assistance in what should be our inward and up- ward course to heaven. The Church brings before our recollection in due order certain grand events that she may stimulate our thought, and so help us, and I should be going out of my way, were I to select any other topics for my discourse than those con- tained in the gospel and epistle and prayers for today. Let us see, then, what is that sanctification of which the epistle speaks? And as we shall see clearly enough what it is if we look at the prayers epistle and gospel of the day. The collect appeals to God who seeth us to be destitute of strength to keep us both inwardly and outwardly. Now, no person was ever made holy, unless he had first admitted, in the spirit and words of the collect, that he was weak and worthless and utterly incapable of doing any one good thing whatever of himself and had also ad- mitted that all strength is from God, in whom all perfection is, and from whom all perfection springs. It is only the Holy Spirit of God, who of his grace can make us good, and, lead us in goodness protecting us the while from both inside and outside enemies. And we must humble ourselves before Him who searcheth the ruins and and knoweth the very secrets of our hearts endeavouring to prepare within ourselves an abiding place for the Holy Ghost by emptying ourselves of self and so making ready room for that gracious strength which God will truly give us. God will give it. He knows our weaknesses and will give us His aid — His loving and efficacious grace — so that protected by it we may become day by day more free from the ??? of Satan from the maxims of the world, from our own evil inclinations — and a man's worst fo?s are those of his house hold — from pride and from all the vain imaginations of our sensual nature. O, be assured we cannot protect ourselves. And that assurance is the keynote of the introit. "Remember," cries the royal Psalmist, "O Lord, Thy compassions and Thy mercies which are from the beginning, lest at any time our enemies rule over us. To Thee O Lord, have I lifted up my soul; in Thee, O my God, I put my trust, let me not be ashamed." Let us not be ashamed! Yes, let us ask that no one of us may ever be in such a position as to shrink from Thee, O God; to turn away from Thee and hide like Adam did amongst the trees of Paradise. The whole service for to-day speaks in the same tone. The gradual and the tract speak of having confidence in God that He will subdue our enemies under us; that He is in very truth the stay of the soul — the support of the heart. The gradual owns that troubles are multiplied, but still cries — "deliver me from my necessities." The tract confidently answers — "Give glory to the Lord, for He is good." Yes, mark that, He is good. Whatever enemy may assail — however insidious may be that enemy's attack — fear not. He is good! "Who shall set forth all His praise?" What creed can be more beautiful than be- lieving that God is good? What can be more devotional in spirit — what can be more Christian — than to ac- knowledge our own incapacity, and to feel that we are supported by Divine grace and that we are being lifted up thereby to see Him in His beauty, and to know Him as He is. The opening of the eye of the soul to God is the seed of sanctification. As with a flower, the opening of itself to the light procures for it all that makes a flower a flower, so opening the eye of faith to the Divine light procures for a man all that makes a man to be in truth a man — a being rejoicing in the gift of God's most holy grace. And today's Gospel completes the lesson. It tells of Christ's transfiguration and of the voice from Heaven then heard "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye Him." The Epistle tells us of the precepts of Jesus, by which we might ??? and the Gospel says, "Hear ye Him." Sanctification results from emptying ourselves of self, amd from having replenished with God's grace. But where does it spring from? Not from ourselves, but from that place whence cometh every good and perfect gift, from the Father of Lights; from Him who dwelleth in glory; from Him who orated all beautiful things by the fl?? of His power — from that one grand, noble source flows all that rejoices the heart, thye ear, the eye or the imagina- tion of man — from the other side of the gates of Heaven — from the Presence, from the Throne of Glory and Bene- diction — from God Himself, the source of holiness. God's self is holiness, since God could not be God if he were not holy. Yes, as honour and justice and wisdom flow from God, so also does sanctification well forth from His everlasting hills, and flow down upon us, filling the valleys with His bene- diction. There is not one saint who never rejoices in the beatific vision of God, but was, and is, kept holy by God's grace, but who drew every drop of that grace from its primal source, the heart of God. And the cherubim, the seraphim — all the heavenly denominations and powers who have been beautiful for ages in His sight — there is not one of them but who received every drop of grace, every spark of glory from God himself. And all the saints who are still on earth — those who have dedi- cated all to God — these while living loving, serving, cannot claim as their own one single flight of the thought. In every temptation ??? of all; combatted bu them the stroke is given by God. Yes, all holiness proceeds from the spirit of grace. From the first moment a child is taught beside the mother's ??? to lisp the names of Jesus and of Mary to the last hour of its life — to whatever age it may be spared to ??? — every good action of its life as the result of the grace of the Holy Ghost. That is where sanctification comes from. The Gospel of today tells the story of the Transfiguration, of how Jesus took three of his apostles and brought them up into a high mountain apart, where he was trans- figured before them. It was a mar- vellous scene, so wonderfully glorious that the three who witnessed it felt that nothing could possibly be more glorious than to remain were they were. E??? with the splendour and the beauty, Peter rapturously exclaimed "Lord it is good for us to be here." No wonder he was entranced. There in the heavenly light was Moses, the pattern of the Law — there was Elias, the great Prophet, and there too, was the Master of the new covenant. Good! It was good for them. And Peter asked, "Let us make her the taber- nacles, one for thee, one for Moses, and one for Elias." But the voice out of the cloud said, "Hear ye Him! Hear Him who is the source of all grace, all glory, the beloved Son in whom the Father is well pleased. Carry yourselves by his standard, and then your sanctification will be complete. Jesus is the source of sanctification. He walked on earth a man, though without sin and was the most perfect pattern of sanctification ever offered by God to man. You all know that a saint is one who exercises real moral influence. If saints really possess sanc- tity they manifest it. It is generally felt to be pleasant — to be good — to be near such men, and this in a small way is the same kind of thing as hap- pened at the Transfiguration. A veil has withdrawn for a moment — the veil which had a God's most marvellous parity and excellence from his crea- tures. One moment before the selec- ted three had seen the face of a man and then — O see the power of sanctity — The veil is withdrawn and the face of Jesus shines as the sun — aye, even his garments become white as snow. Seeing the beauty of Jesus is it strange that Peter declares "it is good to be here?" We too by faith, may have glimpses of the same scene, and look with Peter, James, and John upon Christ's glorified face as he stands upon the mount of Transfigura- tion between Moses, the master of the old covenant, and Elias, the great prophet of the things concerning Him. We too, even kneel in adoration and reverence Jesus as the fountain head of all sanctification, and as the perfect picture and glorious type of all that sanctification can do for a man. We however, can do more than Peter could. We may build one tabernacle — "one for The???" You here today need not say let us build; your Church is built for Him. We have no need to build for Moses; Moses is in the better tabernacle not built with ??? And there would be no need to build for Jesus, but that he has graciously vouchsafed to dwell with us and be our God. We, therefore, are more graced than Peter was, since we can build a tabernacle for Him, in which His real presence will absolutely deign to dwell. Peter had to walk down from the glory of the mount of transfiguration — he had to witness his Lord and Master crucified between two thieves, while we can have Him with us every day that we allow our souls to be the instruments of His most Holy Spirit. Let us then ever remember to strive to keep pure and white our bap- tismal robes, by receiving Him — God's own Beloved Son, the fountain of all grace, the model of all perfection. Come to ??? altar rails — come with all your trials, and what home is there without trials — come and learn, as you rejoice from Jesus Christ the support you need that he is a God of love and consolation. In this way we shall gain glimpses of the beautiful vision — earnests of the time when all veils withdrawn, we shall see Him face to face. And if as receiving Him we work and love and live, our days will be blessed with His goodness. Aye, and in the matter, too, of temporal blessings they will light down upon us from Him from whom all blessings flow. Let me trust that this day you will give this building free to God, I know — and it is a great consolation to me to know — how generously you have con- triubuted to make it the clean, pretty church it is — and how one of you has had erected that bright window, con- taining the picture of the Virgin with the infant Christ in her arms — a sweet symbol of Love and Faith — but still I should like you to complete the work this day. Give Jesus this tabernacle wholly. Not a bit of stone, not a piece of boarding should be left without any debt, encumbrance, or claim. Say to Him, "To thee we wholly dedicate it as Thou O Christ didst dedicate Thy self for each one of us to save us from our sins. Say so, and do so, and you will go to your homes happy. A collection was then made by which the whole amount required to liquidate the debt was obtained. Archbishop Vaughan left for Tarago, en route for Goulburn and Sydney, on Sunday afternoon. He was escorted out of town (as he had been welcomed in) by a large cavalcade. 