LECTURE. 3r: THi RVa.- WI TRANTEi, DELIVERED ?x AID oF TrH PORTLAND BENEVOLENT ASrLvu AND HOSPITAL, ox TUESDAY, 2iDn MARCH. The Pulpit, the Parliament and the Press, the three great platforms or founts from which issue the thoughts of their respective representatives concern ing religions, political, and social economy. The three great powers, by which the opinions of men are regulated, governed, canvassed, and controlled, for good or for evil, according to the manner, and the principles (in and by) which they are wielded. The three great educators of the public mind in things divine, human and composite; a spiritual and intellectual Board of Excise, keeping check; the one upon the other, and levying (ad libitum) their plaudits or their strictures. These three I ' have ventured to arraign before the bar of my individual judge ment, with the desire of subjecting them to such an analysis aa will reveal to you what I conceive to be their legitimate functions, and by placing the assay before you to shew how far they succeed in fulfilling their callings, and what are the. difficulies with which they have to grapple, and the hinder ances thlown in: their way by super stitious, and by.unscrupulaus men. I wish you to understand also that I have endeavoured studiously to avoid a professional standpoint in taking my obser~iitions,. and in forming my estimate of the merits and demerits ; the power or weakness of this august trio, You will please to bear in mind then, that as your lecturer to-night, I do not appear iu the character of a Revd. Sectarian:; Advocate, or as a special pleader for the cloth, against all the shotf' cdmings, foibles and sins attri buted (a them; nor do I desire to be classed'with the unscrupulous traducers of pulpit, parliament and press, who, with ; their calumniating tongues, would cry down and subject to'an ignominious end, every public educator, be he, preacher, politician or member of the fourth estate, but (if I may be allowed to utilize a text of scripture which seems to illustrate my position); The things which I have seen, and handled, and tasted, and felt, in con nectiou with them I will shew unto you. First. The Purpit. The christian pulpit I mean I What is its legitimate position I Or what are the duties devolving upon them that occupy it ? The-pulpit in itself, I take to be the special arena of religious thought, from which should be reflected Divine com munications made to the preacher through God's word, and works, and ways. The duty devolving upon the preacher is to deliver the truth as he finds it deposited in these founts, calling to his aid his intellectual and reasoning powers, in order that he may solve ditficult problems, and so disperse the wnists which hang over tle minds, and becloud the vision of the uninstructed. And taking it for granted that hie him. self is well informed, and able to grasp the true, meaning of the text, it behoves him to abjure all prejudice, all party and sectarian conceits, and to declare what. he believes to be the whole counsel of God I This duty discharged, he is bound to. rebuke and to admonish sinnurs, warning them of their danger, and exhorting them to avail themselves 1 of the blessings of the gospel of peace, I and also to encourage the saints to hold I fast the beginning of their confidence i tothe end. These duties faithfully dia- i charged; the pulpit becomes a mighty i power for good, for God will not suffer I His word to return unto Him void, anid hath declared thar, it shall accomplish I that which He pleaseth, and prosper in ] the thing whereto He hath sent it. The z cry however (of the onlookers now-a- i days) is-the Pulpit power is waning; t and not a few assert that it is entirely i gone; while some declare it to be E antagonistio to the moral and spiritual interests of mankind. The question then to be considered, (and a very momentous one itiis) thi true 1 Are these allegartions just or true 1 or, are they base and malicious liLtis 1 Or are I there any grounds to justify the supposition that such is the case 1 Taking up these interrogatives serialim, I venture to suggest, that the power of f the pulpit is not on the decline, but i that it is on the increase for good. 1 That it is not dead, but endowed with I a now life ; and that this new life, in its I msnifestations is not autagonistic, but i promotive of the highest and purest interests of our race; and that these allegations are libellous, if not base and malicious; yet that, to the mere \- onlooker; the man that looks simply on things that are seen ; or that does not see the things which he erroneous ly regards as manifestations if of good, there are some justifi able grounds for his scepticism. 2 The fact is, that what is regarded by the onlookers as a waning of pulpit power is simply a wise divergence of that power fromn the object upon which, in the days that are past, it was with equal wisdom brought to bear, we have therefore to look for different manifestations of that power now from those that were witnessed in t olden times, when the pulpit machinery was necessarily ponderous and demon. " strative, the class of mind and spirit then to be dealt with being untutored, turbid, and intractable, whereas now the schoolmaster is abroad, and know I ledge is fast covering the earth as the waters cover the mighty deep. Nor, again, can this change in pulpit tactics be justly regarded as an innovation upon the Divine plan of administering Divine power, for God himself has adopted it, suiting the mode to the end contemplated, and to the condition t of mind to be moulded thereby. Hence (says the author of the epistle to the Hebrews) God who at sundry times, and in divers manners, spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, bath in these last days spoken unto us by His Son. lie spoke t to Israel out of Sinnai by ligtning and thunder and earthquake, and again I and again, as they revolted and rebelled against Him, by severe reverses and judgments, while the old prophets uttered their predictions, mingled with maledictions and threatenings, which made kings t tremble, and brought. nations down to craven submission, or otherwise E pictured to them the majesty and holiness and goodness of God, in at way so exciting, so graphic and touch ing, as to conmmand their reverence and worship. 'Thus it may be affirted that one gave them a glimpse of hell t to alarm them, and to warn them from t its precincts ; another led theon away r from it through the wilderness ; another struck his harp, and echoed c forth in faint but euphoneous notes I the musio of heaven, while others t blew the rams horns at the gates of t Jerico, at the sound of which the r walls fell, and gave them admission to a the promised land. And as it was in I the Jewish Church, so has it been in r the Christian ; the first preachers were r rugged, hard-spoken men, sons of thunder, workers of miracles in the, name of their lord, striking the iron!s of meu's souls, as it camne, red-hot, out of the furnace of Judaism, with the t sledge-hammer of revelation, leaving it to be shaped in after days by gentler I if not by more skilful hands. And t just so was it at the time of the t reformation ; men were raised up by God, and endowed with gifts a?nd t faculties suited to the exigencies of t the times in which they lived; and right nobly they acted their part. All honor to men like Wickliffe, and ' Tiadal, and Luther, and Latimner, and' Ridley, who lifted up their voices itn no measured tones against the princi- t palities and powers, and spiritual I wickedntesses in high places ; and all! honor to the Puritan tathers for their 1 unflinching integrity, for the home thrusts with which they beleagurted the citadel of intolerance and bigotry. They were just the men, and their preaching was just the preachingI suited to the times in which they lived ; but for any man to preach as they did at the present time would be t simply to fight as them that beat they air. 'lho ghost which they strove to lay has succumbed to their enchant ments, and the enemy that came in upon them like a flood has been driven I back as a lion to his lair ; the veil of t pagan and of papal superstition has I beea rent in twain, and men every- c where are bringing their reason into t contact with pulpit deliverances, and C testing their accuracy by its light. This is, indeed, in a special sense, an age of enquiry ; and hence a differdnt, and I think I may say a higher, more a spiritual,a d more intellectual ministry a is required, and if we have not all t that is required of this material, in the J mnajority of cases the occupants of our pulpits are not wanting either in light or life Yet, with all this, with light and life enough, if rightly dispensed and appropriated, to illuminate and invigorate the souls of all them that come under the sound of the gospel, we have sorrowfully to admit that it is not always accompanied by or with the denunstration of the Spirit and with power. There is a hitch some. where, then, and it behoves ud .to search ii out, and, if possible, io re tmedy the eviL Among the lesser hindrances in the wae of success in pulpit ministrations, I think may be classed the foolish manneritsms and the professional wouthings of words and sentences by the minister, both in reading the soriptures, and tihe delivery of the sermonu I was acquainted with a minister int this colony who had, in early life, followed the trade of a cotton weaver. That gentlemen no sooner began to preach than he threw his body into man attitude for working the loom, waving or swaying to and fro from the fiont"'to the back of the pulpit, and vice versa, while his hands were busily employed sending the shluttle from right to left and back again. HIe was nio mean preacher, but half of the congregation would be thrown into.a titter or sup pressed laugh, while the young people b would whisper, loud enough to be - heard, Looky l Old Joe is hard cc at work at his loom, I wonder when he in will have done spinning that yaran l ii Another gentleman I knew a~bho hadiled th from the smithy, woold blow up m the fire, bring out the heated iron, and W belabor it until the perspiration oozed b from his brow, when he would draw his cu arm across his forehead, and return to Ip the bellows to get another heat. nt Another, who had been a compositor, ol would be at his frame, reaching hither gi d and thither his hand for the type, *e much to the amusement of his n audi;ors; and another (a son of Crispan) it would wax his thread and draw it out i. with t vengeance, leaving his hearers to f the conclusion that he was welting the Ssoles of somebody's boots, rather than i. preaching to convert their souls, and to y bring them to a knowledge of the truth. it Then there is the proifessional drawl, to if which many of heo college bred clergy n are addicted when reading the scriptures t or the ritual of their church, tending a rather to provoke laughter than serious r ness, and so far preventing the end for r 'which the service is held. I have i listened to a certain divine reading the sentence, " lie that bath an ear to hear let hint hear, &c.;," which he roudered t tLus, " He that hath an ee awe to ec ,ave let hit he awe. &o.;," and I must v cuifess that my thoughts wandered friom Sthe text to a certain quadruped with a long ears, and thought that the preacher Smight have allowed him to monopolize s this not over musical bi-yllable. Others a there are who need to be reminded of I the importanco of minding their stops ; Sanid others that the subjects they under \- take to discuss, are to weighty to be a dealt with in aculd, off-ihad and frivoluos .style ; and that if they wish to be effec tive preachers of the gospel of Christ rthey will do well to .consider more i thoroughly the responsibility of their ) position, as the professed expositors of i Divine truth, and as the heralds of salvation to a guilty race. But these are not the only, n or are they the greatest, hill. drances to pulpit efficiency. Our pulpit organs are, in too lmany instances, the Ssubjects of a cruel bondage, fromn which they must be emancipated before they can wield the sword of the spirit so as Sto cause its omniputence to be reco.tuised. SNot a few of themt lace themselves up c Sso tightly in, sectarian corsets, as effec- E tually to prevent their digesting the' manna provided for them, while others are compelled (on ptin of dismissal or excommumlCiietioii from their office and church) to cast. the thoughts and senti ments they advance in some antique theological mould which their own reason and common sense assures them Sis fauly ; indeed it is no libel upon the church of the nineteenth century to allirn that, in the majority of instances., the preacher is elected to his office with t the firm belief ou the part of the i members, if not with the tacit under, e standing, that he will pander to their t preconceived notions and prejudices, and treat as infallible truth the misty, musty, and fusty interpretations of God's wold, madie by some good but one-sided theologitan of the fifteenth, I Ssixteenth, or seventeenth century, . There may be, and undoubtedly is, very c much that is good and commendable in ( somte of these stereotyped confessions of " Sfaith, and theological standards, but they fall far short of the conceptions of i truly intelligent and God instructed I christians of the present day, tIr are t Sthey calculated to satisfy the cravings of Sthose who are thirsting after a true and comprehensive knowledge of God, either Sas set forth in his word, works, or ways. T;his is the tyrant that checks the pro gress of truth. This is the arni that t severs the links of christian union, and t that provokes estrangements and unholy jealousies atmong christians. This is the stroke that p.aralyses the arm of the preacher. This is the cloud that shuts 9 out the light. Herein lies the secret of t our weakness. This is the hand that t has unbound the bundle of sticks, anld broke up the one church into so matny denominational sections, viz., the anathematizing of honest thinkers and speakers upon Divine (things, because they differ from us in their interpretations of God in his word, works and ways. t But if intolerauce on the part of the I people towards the preacher is a source of weakness, bigotry, oii the part of the preacher, is pre-eminently so ; while therefore it behoves him to be fully persuaded in his mind that his own teaching is according to i truth, it ill becomes him to censure or to anathematize, or to per secute them that, viewing chris:ian doc trine from another stand-point, interpret it differently to him.elf. Thauk God, such preachers are getting scarce and their admirers are growing small Ity degree-, and beautifully les, yet we do now an f thou meet with one like George . MacDonald's " aesome earl." He says "There cain a mou tii our toou-eo, " And a waesome carl was he; a " \i a snubbert nose, and a crookit mou, "A And a cock in his left ee, t' And mauckle he spied, and mucklo he spakt, " Bit the burden o' his song " Was eye thle iame and ower agaha; ; L"There's none o ye a buts wtzau, t "Ye're a'wrang asue a'wrtang, '" And a'thegether a'srang, t "There's no a iman ab:ot toe toon 1 "But'",s'tllcghlether a'wranlg." . " The ministers were-ua fit to pray, "And let alone to preach ;. "Tbey neither hld the gift o' grace, " Nor yet tuse gilt o'apeecbt. I O They mirulit lum o' Balaam's ass, " Wi a differ ye may kein, " T'he lord, he opene.l the assa's mo, U But the miairsters opcnu.l their ain. " T'he puir precentors cuildna sing, "Tlrey grunit like a swuie e "The very elders couldma pass * The ladies till hias nln, **Audaye, he gied his nose a thra-w, "LAnd aye, he crooked his mou, " And aye, he cockit up his ee, d " Andd said, take tent the uou; "Yue're a'wranig and a'wrang, s " Aud a'thegetber a wraug, '' There's no a man about the toon, " Buts a'rheether a'wrrang. (To. b Continued.). 