NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUÍBDAY, MAT ll. TIIK Fr-rAnKS look thc «hair at twcnty-nino minute» past i o'ulcck. REPERVE O» EONE CREBK. Mr, W. C. BROWNE asked thc secretary lor Lands--" t. la ho aware thal Reservo No. 81, ot 610 aorcs on Bono Creek, adjoining thc road from Murrut undi lo Coolah, county ot Pottinger, ia not | acctssiblo to thc pnbltol 3. 1B it tho intention ol thu Govern- ment to proclaim thiB reservo a reservo tor travelling stock ; and, il so, -when ! " Mr. ROBERTSON said that thc Govcrnmont were not aware, j The Crown bailiff had bran requested to report. The reserve, however, had r oi been withdrawn from lcaao. 3. Tho matter ! would receive the corly cunsidorutlon of the Government aa eoon as the laota were made known to them. POLICE BUBINEÖ-) AT COONAMBLE. Mr.T. G. DANGARaBkcd tho Colonial Bccrotary,-"1. Ia itafaot I that thc police silliness al Coonumblo ls conducted In the pi Ívate residence of Mr. Weston, tho Clerk of Petty ricsilona thoro, and rent paid bini for tho us« ot such ; and, If so, what rent ! 2. flow many Government appointment! docs Mr. Weston, the Clerk of 1'etly Bert ions nt Coonamble hold 1" Ur. ROBERTSON answered,-1. Yes; a room was rented for the puipoíe at H's. a week. 3. Mr. Weston, BS was mual with other ofllccre in a similar position, held tho appolnimenta of eic« of petty sessions, coroner, land agent, agent lor tho curator of intestate estates, clerk of amBll debts Court, eommisMoacr for Ukiug Bllidavlts. and postmaster, at Coonamble. COURT-HOUSE, &o.; AT COONAMBLE. Mr. T. G. DANGAR asked the Beoretary for Publio Works,-" 1. Has any money been voted torcicctlon of Court-bouse, ki , at Coonamble ; ll so, what amount, and whoo voted ! Î. Have tenders been called for, or accepted, for thia work ; li not, what .tops have, or will be taken, to expedito tho work ! " Mr. LACKEY (aid that £800 WUB voted on thc estimâtes of 1871; but as a contract for thc work oould not bo taken intime, tho Tote lapecd. Thc amount required having been re-voted, the teceitfary planawtrenow in course of preparation, and, when completed, lenders would bo again oallcd for. MUNICIPALITIES ACT OF 186T. Mr MACINTOSH asked tho Colonial Secretary,-" Haa tho Go Tcrnmcni taken Into consideration thc necessity erl amending ihe Municipalities Act ot 1867. BO far BB extending and inorcaaing the un-oust ol endowment now granted by tho provisions of section lbO.'ol the raid Ac:." Mr. ROBERTSON said that thia matter had engaged thc earnest and careful consideration of the Government from the linc they took etiles. They lound a measure in some way ap- proaching thia subject left by their predecessors, bat, unqacntlon sMy, lt would bi nicciiary to deal with the subject moto folly. Thc Mayor and Corporation of Bydnoy had in course of prepara- tion a bill mhlcb they desired should bo submitted to tho Govern- ment before the Government brought In their bill ; and for this they were waliitg, being desirous of thowing every consideration to the Corporation, without being bound to accept their p-o poiala. A bill to deal with thc subject fully could not bc brought in this session, bul he hoped in a few days to introduce a bili to deal with the Immediate requirements of the city. MUNICIPALITY OF PROSP&CT; AND SHERWOOD. Mr. TAYLOR asked tho Postmaster-General,-" Ia lt Intended to provide any, and, If any, what additional postal accommo- dation for thc inhabitants of the municipality of Prospect and Shetwrod !" Mr BURNS Mid that Increased aeoonmodat'on waa required, but ho had not eecided in what shape it should be provided. BAl.ANCKS UPON CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. Mr. BAWDEK af ked thc Secretary for Lands,-"lu reference to thc reply given by the Secretary for Lands on tho 15th April l«Ft to a queello» asked by thc hon. member, Mr. Piddington, where'n lt ia stated that thc balancea remaining unpaid upon crnriiiional po-cbasi!- amounted to £1,317,419 15s. Sd,-In si riving <it that amount, lins .my allow.mee been made in respect , of lapsed, forfeited, a«d cuncolltd conditional puicnasc»; and, U 1 so, what »1 owaice !" Mr. ROBERTSON said that the answer referred to was in- tended as an approximate one, and allowances had been mad« therein for refunds ol cancelled selections to thc estent of £IS;,-('i, No allows nee was made for selections which had boen ilechiied lapsed or forfeited, as that amount oould not be arrived al in the sboit time a lowed hy the question. THE COLONY OF QUEENSLAND. Mr. II. C. DANGAR »skid thc ColonialTreasurer,-" Do the I Government intuid to take steps to obtain from th - Government of Quecnr'and payment of the proportion of debt taken over by that colony onus sepiration from thia colony !" Mr. FORSTER said that ineffectual attempts were made years ago. by Governments and hy Législatures, to dosi with this ques- tion, bul nothing- bad boen dono lor years, and he oould not say that the question had been, in any way, under the consideration ot thc proeent Government ; but on thc hon. gentleman's auggce tlcn,at,d,as the matter waa of some importance, it would bo dealt with when more pressing business allowed, THE WAVE BttElKBR. I Mr. STUART asked the Colonial Secretary,-" 1. Have the I Government received communications from Captain C. A. Blom Crawford íespecting his disoovcry sty'.ed the ' Wave Breaker!' 2\. Dave tho Government, in aooordance with auch communica- tion, oonveyed representations, or made any intimations concern- ing such discoveiy to her MBjoslv'a Government ! " Mr. ROBERTSON rop'icd in tho negative to both questlona. Tho Marine Board was unable to decido on tho merits of tho in- vention in consequence of tho deficient character of Captain Crawford's infoimation. Tho proper course lor him to uko would belo secuio hie patent according to law, EMPLOYES ON THE RAILWAYS. Mr. W. C. BROWNE asked tho Secretary for Public Works, " 1. Have uniforms been issued to th« employ!* ot tho Great Northern ^Ballway thia year; and, il not, wncn will they bo snppl rd? 2. Tho like Information with regard to tho vmploycs ol tho Southern and Western Rallwaya ! " Mr. LACKEY said that previous to last year tho guards and portire employed on ail the linea were in receipt of a money uiiowance for dress ; but thc system of supp'ylng uniforms in- stead had since been t led on tho Sonto and Weat Hues ; and, as it had been foand satisfactory, tho system would bc extendod to the rmpU'fjfn on the Northern Hue. . PAPERB. Mr. ROBERTSON laid on thc table by-laws, Wagga Wagga Free Library; report respecting tho cmploymont of prison labour al Trial Bay ; return of moncra expended under the Voluntoer Koree Regulation Aot of 1867 ; return having reference to the Real Property Act ; copies of all dooumcnte having rcforcnoe to thc non-granting ot second land oracrs to volunteers ; cor- respondence, &c; , rcepeottng the appointment and dismissal of the Curator ol thc Museum. Mr. LACKEY lela upon thc table a return showing the number of accicenta that occurred on thc railway fiom 1163 to 90th April, 187}, with mimes ol pen ons killed and Injurod, and thc amount of compensation paid. Tho documents wore ordered to be printed. CANCELLATION OF RESERVE. Mr. DI BBS moved,-" That there bo laid upon thc table of this House, copies of all correspondence, reports, lettors, tele- grams, papers, and minutes, relating to the cancellation af reservo No. 133 on Bjron Run, Now England district." Agreed to. PETITION PRINTED. Mr. FARNELL move I,-" That the petition presented by him on thc 7lh May, from atockholdcra and agents, against thc pass- ing of the Goulburn Cattle dale- yards Bill, bo printed." Agreed to. CASE OF JOHN CH1PLIN. Mr. DAV1EB (for Mr. Butler) moved,-" That an addrcsa bo pmenicd to lho Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to bc laid upon tte table of thia House, a copy of! the depositions In the case of tho p'oseoution of one John Uhipltn, at Hargraves, cn or about lho 4th ot tteptembor, 187), on a ohargo of poijuiy, preferred against him by one William Johnstone ; also, cupica of all correspondence between tho said ChlpUn and Mr. Lydian!, Inspector of Police, and teigeant M'Nanamy, and Mr. Vosbery, lnBi- ccior-Generolof Police respective,y, in roloronoc io tho said prosecution " Agreed to. OFFICE OF AGENT-GENERAL. Mr. PARKES moved,-'. 1. That it is dealrib'.o that tho office of Agcnl-Genoial in England should bo filled by a person posses- ing the most recent and oorrcot knowledge of thc ooadition and prospects of the colony, acquired by residence and experience. 2. Thal the cities ought not to bc regarded mcroly aa an oinoc of pic-fit, to bc held on good behaviour, like the ordinary offices under Goveri mint, but that tho incombent thereof ought to be subject lo recall st any timo for reasons of policy,without censuro or distalisfaciion being implied by auo h aot of recall. S. Thal thc foregoing resolutions bo transmitted by address io hie Excel I lehcy thc Governor." Ho thought he would bo ab'.o to give lomo re-aFors why the House should a 111 rm tho particular condition which thi sc resolutions sought to establish in reference to the Colonial Agency. Tne incumbency of Sir Charles Cowper might be considered as thc first incumbency of tho agency of the colon; in its present character ; that waa encoding bejond tho duties of a mere commercial anent; but even, In thia case, he donated very much whother the agency of tho otilony in England had assumed that cbaraolcr, which it was dosirablo it should asBumc in the 'interests of the country. The colony had progressed groutlv sinoc Sir Charlea Cowper was appointed, and it would bo impossible for any ono to say what thc atate of things would bo tea yca-s hence: but bc might fairly argue from the past, that these AUitialisn colonies would, within the next ten years, assume tho proporti-.ns of a great State. That might safoly be predio cd 1 ne rapid progress which the colony waa now making tn popula- tion and commerce should bc borne in mind in any future repre- sentation of tho colony lu England. Ho concurred tn an obicrviiiion made tho other evening by tho hon. member for West Bydnoy (Mr. Dibbs) that tho mero commcrolal business do yotving upon thie agency was a thing whioh might bo very well le« to persona emplojed by thc Agcnt-Qoneral. Whut was reallv wanted in an Agent-General of a great colony Uko New Boutfi \\\ ales, was a poison so thorougblr identified and acquainted with the colony-its condition and ita capabilitys, and who, at tho tame time would toke to lively sn intereat in ita progresa and ed vancement-that ho would be ablo at all points to defend ita character, explain lt« resources, and cultivate aa extension ol knowledge amorgtt th« Englieh people aa to what the colony re-allf was : in ono word, to maintain tho position of this colony in thc emulation which would go CD between this and all other {depeadenoles ol thc Crown. His idea waa to rcduea or elévalo this agenoy to 1 tho character ol a semi-diplomatic agency-tho office to bo hold more for honour than emolument-and tho Agent to bo liable to bc recalled at any time when, in tho judgment ol the country, ho should bo recalled, and remo one should be placed there to repre- sent thc colony. Ho obje-oted to any poraon, whoever ha might bo. being lent to London when forty or filly yoare old, to remain there as long aa he might bo able, in some form or other, to attend to the dulles, though it might be tor ten or twenty years ' It rr quired no effort ol imagination to see that any perion who might bola office on euch terms would entirely lose sight of the it-ijairtaiexu vt the colony, which would tkoot ahead el h]« knowledge', Ificnued to bb fo tho hi ¿heat degrco hoeeaaary thal whoever reproaented the colony in London ahould havo a par ? onal knowledgo ol its oondiiion, and bo ablo to sympa- thie with all ita asplrationi ; that he ahould understand all lia movcmo-.ti, »nd be thoroughly aequalnttd with Ita palier; »nil ho therclorc thouttht tho ellice should dovolve upon a porarrn who would hold it moro OB a peat of honour than as an ollico of emolument, who might bo retained for a douon yoara, add porhups only for.lwo, and ho liable to bcrooallcdat anv limo when "tho cxiginolie of tho Cabinet or eomo apcolal polioy might render his lccail necessary. Ito could «co a great numbor of ad- vento»! a Omi would arise from ft chango mauo in tho tenure of this important ollico. Tho TlBlta of our drat oltlitens to tho mother country would become more frequent; and he oould eeo that men first olnsa In point of intelligence, with a very Intimate krowledgo of our intcreeto, would tako this ofllcc and rto'ote ttelr clergies to ita dutiea In a way which no raero official could ha expected to do, and weuld really repieeent tho colony t>r tho tine being; and when thia gentleman wa» desirous of returning to thia country by siving timely notice, tho nflloo would revert to aome other gontleman ot oqual ability. Ol couiso the ottlco would need to have aomo pormnnenoo in all Its clcrlool dutlCB, but that could bo secured by tho appoint- ment of a gtntleman to notas scotctary, In a similar position to tho under-iceretaryin thc Government departments hore. The gentle- man who was now engaged as secretary to thc Agont-Gonc al in London wne a gentleman of apparently some good quilifioatlbnB, »nd was porfectly competent under inatrnotiona tu attend to all 'he mero depaitmcntal business of tho oflloo. Il seemed tohlm that thc appointment of Agcnt-Gcncrai ought to| bo mado under an Act, end there were many thlnga In tho ornoo whioh ought to ,bodeArcd. Most assuredly tho change in thc shipping business, of which they bBil hoard BO rcocntly, wa» made without any reference to thia Government ; and iho dork who was dismissed some time ago waa removed without tho Government having tho slightest knowledge of his removal until a letter reached tho colony from him, ashing compensation for loss of ollico. Ile thought them ought to bo somo consultation, or at alt ovontB temi confirmation af all changea tn the clerical staff of tho oflloo. [Mr. ROBERTSON; .. Hear, hear.1 To that. xtent the arrange- ment» ought to bc mafio from lilia Government, or when that waa Impossible they ought tobe confirmed from thia aldo. He thongh that wauld bo brought »bunt much better hy the Agent-General hluiielf holdirg his ofllcc for a time rather than permanently, because neccisurlly so long as ihe Agent-General hold office for a numLui of ycart, tay 20 yeats, tho business would get more and moro withdrawn from tho colony ; and il would require soma i person to go home every four or five years to inspect tho Btato oí a flairs. ;He thought the ohnngo proposed by hiB resolutions would really havo thc efr;ct of affording tho colony a knowledge of how things were going on, as lt would provide for a succession of visita of inspection, from gentlemen at ono time entertaining tho views of on» parly in power »nd at nnolhor limo thoso of »nother party, lie wornd like to learn, and he dared »By bc would learn In tho couran of thia débete, what was intended to be dono in regard to thc filling up of this appointment. He waa satisfied that lho appointment ought lo be filled up, and with every feeling of respect for Sir Charlo Cow- per, ho wa» satisfied that gentleman would not bc able to resume aoiivcly thc heovy dutiea of that ofllcc, and that lt would not bc for tho Interest of the countiy that that gentleman should longer retuin the tífico ho now held. Ho had on several occa- sions bone his testimony to the zeal and anxiety with which Slr. Charles Cowper had endeavoured to ecrTO the co ony in thc olEcc. He would venture to aay that lt would bo very improper to till thc cilice by tho appointment of a Minister af thc Crown, [An hon. member; What about cx- MinlBterBl] Ile knew ofjone, who ou no account would ever think of that ofllcc, tf thc nllnsion WE» to thc gentleman who was making thia motion. On no consideration whatever, should ho entertain any such thing, He cou.d not forget that tho Government now in ollico made the present appointment; and he should be extremely sorry to eec thc appointment made again nndcr similar circumstances. Boiptct for tho public character of dlr Charlo« Cowper icalod hi« HpB from saying moro. There were soveral mon in thc country who wou'd take the offico at the present timo In tho terms pre- scribed in this resolution, some ot them in ne way connected with cither House of I'arllomcnt j but who would from thctr long standing, their great acquaintance with tho country, (rom their varions qualifications for offices of thia kind, bc able effectively to rcprosent this oountry, and if any suoh person could not bc found there was nothing lo prevent Government following the examplo of the Government of Victoria, and obtaining thc services ot tome distinguished man. Tho Government of Sir Challes Duffy obtained the services of Mr. Childers, and there were several very distinguished men indeed at home at the present Hine who had a knowledge of thia country, one of whom thc; might obtain to represent i he colony. The persona to whom he alluded, though not having personal knowledgo of tho colony, were men af great influence In the mother country, and their various quali- fications in other respects would to a certain extent counter- balance that defeat. Il would be infinitely better to give ihoolfio» to enc af thcie distinguished roen than to appoint a poison who was not qualified beyond all doubt to fill theotfloo. Mr. DIBBS: That would bo in contradiction to the last part of thc retolutlon. Mr. TAREES knew that. But these persons would posses! other qualifications that countcrbalaaced thc want of one of thc special qualifications to which he attache 1 importance However, hjawas only supposing that ibero was a dltllculty in finding a suitable person. He saw no ruston why tho Earl of Belmore should not be ashed to accept this office; and also, if b's age were not too advanced, another lato Gove nor of this colony, Lord Lil gar. Either af these dlstlngafihed men would consider it a creal honour lo bo asked to fill this office for a short period; and. undoubtedly, they would bring to hoar upon thc pc formanca of ita duties auch a commanding influence as would compensate for the want of that present knowledge of tho oondltion of thc colony to which he attached so much importance. Ho might ar weil mention that, before his Government retired from office, and while lhere was every probability of their continuing in ollico, they saw that they would have to fill this office, and they opened ne-tjotiatlons with one gentleman in this country whose name wu «uíHcient to absolve them /rom any suspicion tu the matter. He referred to Mr. John Hay, the President af the Legislative Council. (Hear, heir.) His own view was t) at only the very firs'- men in thc community should be selected to fill euch an office, »ny Chat lt should cot be filled either for the purpose of aerv.ng »nd peeson, or for tho purpose of exercising patronage. Rather than that, it would bc belter to offer the position to some distinguished mau in the mother country. They ought to bear in mind Ibo vory great Interests committed to this officer, and that he is in himself the oolony, ai far st England U concerned. He begged lo move thia icsolutlon. Mr. LLOYD sceended the resolution. Hr. ROBERTSON laid his colleagues and himself ought to feel very much obliged to tho hon. member for the great amount of consideration be had shown them, in giving them instructions as to bow the public business should be carried on. It was very good of the hon. gentleman to lay down thoso truisms that every one admitted, and no enc denied. But the hon, gentlemen had done moro ; he had not only told them who ought not to bo appointed Agent-General, but he had told them who ought. Thc lt on. gentleman had indicated ono gentleman with whom he had opined negotiations, bur he did not say how long it was before the fall of his Government, and he bra not told them whettor the pieitnt Speaker was offered thia office. Tho hon. gentlemen told them that Mr. Hay was a proper person to fill this office, and io was Lord Lisgar, Lord Belmore, and all ex-Ministers. [Mr. PARKES; I »aid nothing of the kind.] Well, at alt events the hon. gentleman did not exclude »ny ex-Minlatcr but himself. The bon. |cntleman had assmod them that he would not accept this ofllcc. Now he (Mr. Robertson) could give his apecial »siurai.ee that he would not accept the office either. The hon. gontleman gave his assurance when he had no power over tho office, but bc gave his assutancc when he had thc power, »nd he thought his promise was of far more value to the House and to the country than the assurance of the hon. gentleman. However, he thought thc office W»B not very likely to bo offered to thc hon gentlemin (Laughter, and hear, hear.) So much for the balderdash-for It WUB nothing else-of tho hon. gentleman. He supposed they ali knew that it is desirable that the office of Agent-General in England should bc rilled by a person possessing tho molt recent and correct knowledgo of tho condition and prospeats of tho colony, acquired by retidenco and experience. Who could doubt it? How could he vote against it! Thc hon. gentleman might as well tell them that thc Civil servants ought to possess honesty, ability, and intelligence. Now, he had mentioned the name ot Lord Kelmore to his colleagues; hut ho aid not know that thc bon. gentleman oppailto had dono io when he wai in power. But they anew, or nt least »ll the world said to, that tho office waa olfciid io thc gentleman who ia their present Speaker, and il so he did not think that »ny man either in that UHUBC or in the country could object. (Hear, hear.) If the hon. gentleman wanted to exclude thc present Ministry from this ottioo, let him bring in a hill to that effect- But no denied thc right of the hon. gentleman to determine thia question iu any way whatever, nor did his rctolutlon attempt to do it, He knew bolter. The bon. gentleman's resolution went on to say :-"That tho office ought not lo be regarded merely as an ofrlce of profit, to bc held on gocd behaviour, like the ordinal y offices under Government, bui that the incumbent thereof ought to be subject to recall al any lime lor reasons nf policy, without censure or (lissstiefaction being implied by such act of recall." Uu thought that Ihe office ot Agent-General in Er.gland ought to be hold by some one« whom thc Government of tho day had confidence, and ba oueht to be removed from offico If tho inooming Government wished it, wi« out »ny stain or any blame resting otthcr upon the Agent Gérerai ero removed, or npon the Government that removed bim. He ouaht to bo treated as a political officer. TMr, W. FOK81T.R : Hear, hear.] The Agent-General might be some ono whom the boa. gentleman opposite objecti to when he returns to pawer, and il would be vory hard lor him lo be encumbered with an officer in whom he had no confidence. It would bo unfair both to him »nd to ' tho Agent-General. Therefore to lh»t view, ho entirely concurred. Hut he would liko to know why it was that during »ll tbe years the hon. gentleman was in offico ho had never thought of this before. These things must havo been patent to every mun, and why waa It not exhibited to them iu the shape ot a propoeition while tho hon", gentle man was in power. But he did not concur that there waa any reason or any necessity for the removal from office of Bir Charles Cowper, and nothing was to bc found In the papers In tho lillico, cither now or when tho hon. member was in office showing that lt waa necessary to do any violence in removing Bir Charles Cowper. Let the hon. gentle- man move for tho paperF, and he would lay every ono ol them on the table of that House ; there was nothing tho hon. member would doro to remove Bir Charlee Cowper for. Ho did not believe that the House or the oountry wore desirous of anything of the kind, and il they wcic bo was not thc man to do lt. Tney had certain reasons to believe that Sir Charlea Cowper had suffered deeply, but he had received loltera by tho last mall from thelather and the slater of ihe late Speaker thanking Bir Charles Cowper for thc kind manner in which ho hal communicated to thom the late Speaker's death. Ho had » loiter Irom Bir Charlea Cowpor him. ?oil on thc subjcot, and there waa nothing before the Govern- ment or befure the late Government warranting thc removal ol Sir Charles Cowper. Ho was of opinion that the Agent-General ought lo be in some way conneotcd with the party in power, and that he might go ont from time to time, and in view of this ho bad provided on the Kstlmatcs a (tun of £500 instead ot £3011 for the salary ol the Becret&ry; to tho Agent-Qeneral, to keep the department ol tho Agent-General'in order, oo that any Agent General may go in from timo to time »nd find »n officer there capable of carrying on ino business. He thought is mo« Impor- tant that tho Agent-General should in somo sort ocoupy thc posi lion of a diplomatist. There WSB another matter. He would like to know what gentleman would toko ihe offioe ol Agent-General, and find when he airived in England that thc Government had gone out of offico, and that he had to pay his own passage back: That would be tho effeot of tho resolution, but he thought lt dcilr»hle that If they sent homo a gentleman with all tho quali- fications required by this resolution they Bhould not only pay his passage home, hut they should alto pay hlB passage back. Why wo found good and ab e men refusing to take ottioo in the Govern- ment because ol tho possibility of tho office not lasting long, and their disinclination to run the risk ol being unseated after a ehort time. It would be rather a funny thing to go io a man and say, " I should be glad ll you would take thia otUce ol Agent-General; you will go homo, but will have to poy your own expenses." and then perhaps by the lime he got home ho rntuht receive a telegram tolling him lo como hack, and he would huTC to pay his expenses both ways, He did not think the hon. gentleman meant that, although thc re solutions, In tho bald wny in whioh they ttoo I, would imply that, He prceumed lb»t by the words " subject to recall at any time loi re»(ocs of policy," meant for political reaoona. If so, that part ol the résolution would bo, in substance, Identical with an amend- ment which bc would now move,- " That all tho words after the word ' Th»t,'in the first clause ol tho rerolutlor , be struokont with a view to the itecrtion of tho following word», . thia Houie shall, on Friday «ext. reeelvo itself tots Committee of the Whole to corsider thc expediency ol dedaring the office ol Agent > General to bo a political office ; »nd also to consider of an addresi to tho Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased tc take whatever step» may he neocisary to make provision for thi travelling expenses of «ny holder ol such office to and from thi colony.' " Mr. H08KIN8 laid ho should vote both against tho original re- solution md the amendment. Ho thought thc hon. member for Eas Sidney (Mr. Perkcnl had not beon very happy or auooessfnl Ir hi» argument» in lupport of the resoulion. At tho cloie ol bli speech the hon. gentleman told tho House he did not think ii imperatively neeersary that tho gentlemtn »ppolnted to the offloi of Agent- Gener»l should be a gentleman ol the mott reoent expe- rience in ihe colony, or that he should be pollened ot a know ledge of tie petltiaa and prospecta ot thc colony; aneJaoadTO ?«»teU, » most, the appoir tment ,of told: Brimons or Lord Ll«g»r, neither of -whom had any rtas'nt knowledgo of tho ooloriy. Theitfoic, tho hon. gentleman evidently abandoned tho tint ptrt of hie rotolutlon. It appeared to him tnai. tho hor. c<nt'eman mbmltted the resolutions lor thc par- póte ol affording tho Boaic or) opportunity of »»«mg hi« diiavowal of any with to fl» tho oflica of Agont-Gcnc.al. wo thi u!d think tho colony would bowell represented il ibo hon. grntlii.itn was Agont-Gcncral. (Hear, bear.) Ho dlssou od from thc doctrine th-t I would be either wire or expedient io select ar.y gentleman in England who might have had experience in thc colony tome years »go. He was n"t p-cpared to any tnai cvcnaGovorrorof the colony was as well acquainted wlih ino clrcun stances of tho colony as many men woro who might De telected in thc oclony. lhere waeoac thingwhicha Govcrnormuai be deficient In-c mmc olal knowledge An A(rcnt-iiencr*l bold a Bomcwfca- twofold position-he waBa sort ot diplomatic represen- tative, snd he »leo hod chsrgc ot large commercial trana ic tlona lor thc colony. Thcrcfoio, in addition to other knowledgo, an Agent- General should havo some knowledge of tho produoing and ccmmciclul interests of the colony. With regard to thc second part of the resolution, he granted that it should not bo re erarded SB on office ol profit ; but surcly-ln the desire to have thc colony well represented, wc thould net look lor gentlemen who wouln subject tbernterlvta to pecunUry loss. Il it required a gentleman ol admited experience and of great ab lily to represent the colony, who would attend MB office daily, surely that gentle- man should bo remunerated. He dir! not think any suitable gentleman could bc found who would bc willing to taonnoo bia time without remuneration. Tho ofiloe ahould be fired by a gentleman well qualified, and he ahould bo paid wc 1, und then wo thould have a man who would apeak with rome authority to the Government ol tho mother counlry, and one ta whom the Secretary of 8tato lor the Colonie» would refer, and to whotc opinions tho authorities ot Downlng strcct would clcfcr. Tho resolution wont on to say that the oiHce waa "to bc he ld on good behaviour, Uko thc ordinary offices under Government, hut that tba incumbent thereof ought to bo subject to recall at any timo for rcasona of policy, without censure or diiiatiifactlon being implied by euch »ot of recall." Whoevor herald ol such aadcctri'e! lt waa antagonistic to tho practice «nd principle« which regulated diplomutia services in tho mother countiy and in cvciy counlry in Europe. For the lan thlriyor forty years, the Governments of Europe, when they soul repre- sentatives to other Courts, never removed them except they proved themselves incapable of discharging their dutiea or unless ihe Government was desirous of elcvatlngthc reprcscntitlve to an oilloe of greater emolument and dietinclion. If tho Agont Gcncral in England was to ho removed simply be- cause thcro was a change of policy in tho colony, wo should havo a mon sent to fill tho offico who wpu'd have no confidence in hi« powers, who would bo afraid tolakc any action ho believed to bc for tho benefit et tho oountry, simply become be might be apprehensive that hi« friend« who appointed him might bo removed from office, and bo would bo removed also. Thc amendment of tho Colonial Secretary still luiiher aggravated thc evil. Because the hon. gentleman would havo thc Agent-General removed upon every chango of Govern- ment-[Mr. ROBERTSON : No; I did not sny that.] Well tho power of doing lt would weaken thc influence of tho incumbent of tho office, and cause him to bo looked upon with less respect by the officials in Downlng-strcet. Tho action ot Ministers was eo closely twinned that ho had no fear that they would moko such an appointment a« would reflect discredit upon tho country. He concurred with the mover in dlsapprovicgof thc manner in which 8ir Charles Cowper obtained his prisent position; hut nevertheless it would bc admitted that he was about thc most eligible portón who could bc appointed. Thc mover laid down the dootiine that no gentleman who had bien a Minister ot tho Crown should he appointed. [An hon. Member : No present Minister.] Ho did not eeo why a gent'eman who . had ability, and in whom the people showed confidence by rcpoa'edly electing bim to Parliament, should bo disqualified becanec he hud been a Minister of thc Crown. Ile did not wish to be invidious, but one would suppose that thc hon. gentleman wished thia resolution to h«vo a per- sonal application. Sir George Verdon wa» appointed when s Minister of thc Crown and Mr, Michie, the presont Agent General of Victoria, had also been a Minister, lt wo were tc «Ullin that no one who had been a Minister of thc Crown should be selected, we should be taking tho first and most important etep towards the degradation ol responsible Ministers. (Hear hear.) Mr. PARKES: My objection 1« that no Government ought te appoint ono of their own number to anv office. I Mr. RDBERT60N : Thc late Government were going to ap I point one of thomselvea » JuOgo the other day. (Hear, hear.) 1 Mr. HOf-KlNS differed from tho mover in toto, and he shoule I oppose both the motion and the amendment. There was nothing ' in what the Colonial Secretary said to show that we required te makca fresh appointment. Mr. ROBERT60N explained that he said that there wai nothing in hit opinion which would warrant him, or any Govern ment, In removing Slr Charles Cowper; but ho did nor. say tha dir Charles Cowper was In such a state of health that he wai thoroughly efficient for the pcrforraanco of hi« duty. Mr. HO-HINB therefore considered that thc resolutions ane tho discussion were quite unneceetury. (Hear, hear.) If then were lesron to suppose that Slr Charlea Cowper WOB now in capable for the perloimanee of hts duty, he was sure Parllamcn would bc willing to make tomo suitable provision for him upai his retirement from office. (Hear, hoar ) Mr. GREVILLE: And reintroduce pensions at onoe. Mr. HOSKINS : lt might be done without reviving pensions He admitted that a person ahould hold ollico during gooe behaviour ; hut held that length af service afforded an additions guarantee fer thc proper performance of duty, slr. FOB'TEK waa undcretood to say that he could not com pllmint thc mover upon ihe tetras ot the resolutions, or upon thi speech by which he had supported them. Why oould not tbe hon member state what he intended in a etraigbtforward way and net put his views before thc House in iud ambiguous language as puzzled any one who attempted u make anything ol thc resolution ? There > might tn something very profound in the resolution which he was not nb.i to discover, but why on earth was lt neoeesary to pase such i resolution os the second at all 1 Why should we be oalled upoi to lay down rules for thc qualifications lo be poescatod by th Agent-General any more than lor tho Civil servants gone-ally The Government were going to appoint » Judge, and why, there tore, was it not necessary that wc should have a resolution de daring that a Judge should be an honest man, »nd have a know ledge ut law ! Or why did not the hon. member go »little further «Bettel) us that the Agent-General should he a respectable man and keep »gig! It seemed to bim th»t thU resolution impllti that io Agent-General could stay in England lor mar than » few months, or if ho did he would lack one ol the hon merr.ber'B prime requisite!-that wa« recent knowledge acquirer by rcsidcr.ee and experience, If the hon. member meant tba thc e trice wat to be a political office, he went with him to i veiy greet degico; hut thc resolution hitoro ns would toarocl; effect ibat object. It might be said of any office that it ou jo. not to bc regarded merely as as office of profit. (Hear, hear. The mover spoko of tho occupant ol this office being subject t lecsll at »ny time for reasons of policy, hut that dl< not convey tho notion that it was to be a politics office. A Government might wish to appoint one of thel own frier ds, »nd that would be a reason of policy whlc would he satisfactory to them il not to the colon] tf the bon. member meant that thia was to be a political office bo thought ibo hon. member would be entitled to credit lc bringing forward a question which was really of very great im portarce- one which, although it might not be well stated in th resolution or amendment,-must have forced itself upon the cor rideratlonef many an Administration, and which must .mure an moro do to until they wei o compelled to arrive at somo défiait coi.clnsun upon the point raised. The hon, number lor th Tumut had ennonnced his Intention to vote against both thc ri solution and thc amendment. The hon, member could ecarcel have thought ol tho dlffloultlea which must arlie when he s?oi so emphatically against converting the office into a political ofilo Very tliong opinions might he cxpretied upon whatever chang was made. Ile grnn'cd that some sort ol permanence in an offli was necessary to enable a person io take kindly to the dui ic He admitted at once that when the office coated to he perm ncnt, the teme of ita want of permanency must always oceupv et mind of thc man who filled it ; hut it seemed to him that th wat a point which his hon. friend had failed to oonsldcr-that would be next to impostible for a Ministry to enter into tatisfj tory lelaticns with a person appointed by their predecessors. L did not tay that this would always be thc oase ; but ho thong anyono might easily imagino instances where a partlun of : outgoing Government-a gentleman who had distinguished bin self by hie partisanship, and perhaps very ably-might I appointed immediately before that Government le ollico, under circumstances which would render it lr possible tor the succeeding Government to feel satlafli with him, or omer into latisfacory relations wi him. A cate in point wa» that when Bir Robert Peel deo'dncd take office because tome ladies, thc friends of a previous Gaver ment, wero allowed to ncoupy a confidential position in h Majesty's Palace. Tho country sustained tho objection, and tl le rites were removed, [Mr. PARKES : Not until there w anoiher change of Government ] The hon. member who h moved tho resolution had laid th« rule down that no Minist should be appointed to tho office of Agent- General ; ai extending the principle further, no Mlnltter ought be appointed to any office under the Crown. Tl dextrine waa altogether oppoBed to English practli That Ministers had taken offices under the Croi frequently, every reader of history would know. But tho dootri would not bear a momtnt's consideration. Upon what grou ought Ministers to bc excluded! lt had alway« been'held da gerouB that offices ol emolument should be held out td memhi ot Parliament, or that they ahocld be open to hold them, account ot their position being such as to expose them io t danger of votir g on one sido or thc other in view ot tbe rewai that might be heid up to them. Bat a Minister could havo greater temptation to do his duty faithfully to tho coun! by the holding out ol a bribe of that kind than holding out tho bribe ol remaining longer In ollico. Sar a Minister was not to be held disqualified for evi high oftico because ho wrns »Minister. Tho factot his belni Minister was come proof that he was fit for other high offic He thought it would be lar better lor the country if we Intls upon our Agent- Gcncrnl being a good man of business, in orr to tavo us some of thc expense and loss that had lallen upon through a certain business in England not being well dono, seemed to him that business qualifications were ot morcimpc unce than these reunited to ounstitute a Court Ambassador. WI could he of more cunee quenco than inc question of immigrant And would our Agent-General bc thc worse for being able tomi himself useful In selecting goori emigrants and send them out to us ! Under all these circumstances-eeei that the question was involved in great difficulties, teeing t two hon. gentlemen who had held high positions had seen niceesity for making changea in this office ; and, admitting t much might be Baldon toe other -ide, he thought tho Ho would do well in at least going into committee to consider question. He would vote lor the motion to go into commi.tco Mr. MACINTOSH had not much to tay on tho subject, what he intended to say was moro of a practical than a polit: character. He did not know what a political officer wo do in Engined. Wo bad no linc ol policy In r way whatever. He thought we wanted an hoi man - » man of integrity ol purpose, and v would make those under him do their duty, was the man colony wanted. He thought we bad a good man at the pres time, out ho was not competent to make those under him do tl duty, co long aa tho present policy was maintained, of call for tenders and accepting tho loweat tender, io long would ci plaints be made. It the colony were to attach Itself to te large manufacturer, and hold him responsible for the aniolei would tend, lt would be helter than to continuo theprcsent pract He believed if they sont homo a man with a eommorolal oharai ho would raise the position ol the colony ; but they would not auch a man to act for CISCO a year. He would mt at I £91100 or £1010. There were great expenses attaohed to office. Mr. STUART felt inclined to vote against both the reiolu and the amendment. Neither had been supported hy any wo! ot argument to justify them in adopting it. He was sorry I tho hon. member lor East Sydney had not shown better ai mint in suppor- of hi» resolutions. Ho thought, from whit been said, that they were in danger ot mieunderatandlng the at ard bearing of tho office of Agent-General. Ho did not tl they required in anAgent-General the oharaoter niau »mbaasi or a diplomatist. True, it might be that to some extent, occasionally cases might arise ol a ocrtain noütlcal aspect bctv this country »r d tho mother country In which they might req political qualities in their Agent-General; but BO long as tho e portion ot his duties consisted in carrying out tho mercantile ration» of thc country, the main qualifications required In perloimanceol the duties waa a largo goneral buaineaa tra! and knowledge ol commercial affaira. At thc tame time Agent ought to be nonnested ol general knowledge and i »bllityai to bo conipoient to rf present the colony in all impoi questions ofltoling its relations with thc mother oountry. T wea no doubt the present dittlngulsbed gentleman holdiuf position was In a pi euliar manner flited for the office in quos iHear, hear.) His training and experience in this oolony,ext lng over a period ot 40 years, fitted him In a remarkable degte tho ellice at tho time he waa appointed lo lt. Sir Cb Cowper bid a fair knowledge of general business great administrativo power. Hi* political experl peculiarly fitted him to be the means of communia between this Gevernment and tho Government of tho mi country, He did not think the amendment improved tke poi I rc, joted by toe resolution. He eOTld see dlBadvanUtres thal would result from tb« offloebeing a political office. Ho could Imagire a gentleman, «ell »uited to represent the colony, going heme -with hi» lamily, determined to do hi» beat tor the ealony ; but, on hie arrlTal in England, he might find that a change of Mii.letiy bad occurred here, »nd ad tho »»tltlaotion bo would then hare would bc to get a free passage back »gain. He did not think ihoy could got »ny one to uooept tho appelntmont to bo hold under such conditions; Supposing the Ministry were in ollico a shoit time, they might haye threo or four of those Agcnt Ocncials sslliiig to and irom England at the . same timo, (laughter.) He thought a much preferable courso would . bo ono proposed hy the bon. member for East Sydney (Mr. Parkes) some timo ago, whioh was, that the term of offloe should bo limited to a oertatn period. Three jean was, ho thought, tbe hon. gentleman's propoaition; but he censidered seven yeara would bo a moro suitable term. They would havo tho greatest difficulty In getting »ny one to accept the office while the tennre should be so precarious aa was pioposcd. Another objection lying on thc surfaco tn tho appoint- ment being political waa the fact that tho agent would bo liable to loi o bis appointment on tho full of tho Ministry appointing him, although ho might have bad nathlng todo with the policy they carried oue ; »nd the Ministry, on tho other hand, mfght be thrown out lor seme mistake ot tho Agent-General, in whioh they had no p»rt. He thought the appointment had botter bo non- political like that ol the Judge». Again, if;tho Agent-Scncral retired with thc Ministry, he would have to hold oilloe lor somo lime until his i>ucceseor was appointed, and he cou'd not during the Interim bo eipcoted to feel »ny particular intorost in tho biuincrs, »td so the colony might suffer. With regard to the db mittel of a thipplng officer by tho present Agent-General, ho thought such a power should always rest with the Agent-Genoral. lt would bc extremely inconvenient if he had to send out to this colony lor Instructions on such a matter. In this particular case he knew Irom eorre>pondence with Slr Charle» Cowper that when that gentleman appointed Mr. B. B. Lloyd ho lound vory great relief, »nd that tho change mode was very advantageous to tbiB colony. What they wanted in tho Agent-General wao that ho thou dbe» man of geno »1 knowledge and ol such ability »s they ex pee ed in gentlemen who held the position ol Ministers ol tho iirciwriio this colony-auoh abilities aa these combine 1 with u lair get oral mercantile knowledge. Thc office was not a diplomatie idílico, though the time might como when lt would partake more ol that charaoier. What they required at present wa» a man ol a miicanillc character »nd oapab'e of oarrying on such matters as the enduct of immigration and the conduct of tho expenditure of tho Government money on publie works. Mr. MEYER said lt was hla Intontion to opposo both tho reso- lution »nd tho amendment. Tho doctrines oontalntd in tho resolutions were no; new, because no Government could have thought any gentleman eligible for the office unless he possessed such qualifications. He did not »grce with the amendment, that the ofilco sbonld be made » political one, for thisreason, il for no otti'r: lt had bees said that it was difficult to find ono man with sufficient qualifications to fill thc office i but If tho oflleo were mace a political one lt would be necessary to havo three or four gentlemen capable of filling thc ofllcc. If tho Colonial Secretary meant by the amendment th»t tho Agent- General should go out of ofilco every time there ls a change of Ministry In tho colony, »nd that policy were adopted, the coneequenco would bo that we ahould have one Agent-General on his way to England, whilst another was on his wtay out lo thc colony. There would then bc two poreons whom tho colony would bo paving at the samo time. With regard to the quellficatlonB laid down in the resolution, his own opinion wa» thafihe gentleman oppointod ehould have ability In a con merdai point of view. As » rule gentlemen who had given up their time to política were not business men; whilst on thc other band men who bsd been engaged In commercial occupa- tions g et cr al ly made good politicians. If a ByBtcm of calling lor tenders in Ergland for goods required by the Government ol this colony, wcio adopted, there would bo little need lor an Agent General, because tenders could bc opened by the Government here. He thould oppose the resolution, because be thought lt unnecessary, »nd that il tho House adopted lt wonld virtually bc saying that the Agent-General who had been appointed did not poereee thc qualifications camed in tbe resolutions. Mr. DIBBS referred ts rumours which were lately olroulatcd, about a gentleman who, it was thought, had been offered the appointment of Agent-General by tho lato Government. With regard to tho resolutions, he said that when he read them he came to lèverai conclusions, one of which was that they weTe BO pointed that there was only one man in the country who could fill thc office if they were carried. If the offloe had boen baled upon a proper principle, that ample pay ahould be given lor thc work to bc performed, and that the office ehould ho filled by a gentleman who could fill it with dignity and credit to himself »nd to the colony, ho ahould, if tho appointment had rested upon a vote of thc Legislature, have been glad to record bli vote in favour of the gentleman ho named the other evening. Supposing the hon. gentleman had confined b'.mtcll to the tiret subdivision ol bis tuhjeot, he should have been prepared io have given a vote in that direction. But he believed there waa a great deal ot talent In this country unde- veloped. He thought there was sufficient talent to provide material for an Agent-General of standing »nd ability. But no gentleman should occupy the office unless is the first instance the dutiee were clearly defined, »nd he w»s relieved to a large extent of the mercenary duties which attached to thc office of ct rimer dal agent. Holding these views,! he suggested the other night that so long as this colony carried on operations like a larg? commercial concern, »ll the trading operations of the Govern- ment thould be carried on nnder the supervision and dircotlen not ol ono gentleman as Agent-General, but by a Board ol three, of whom the Agent-General should be chairman. Owing to the lnfli mlty of the prêtent holder of the office, that was the way in which the ofllcc; was practically worked now. He thought the A gent-General should hold » diplomatic position. It wu all very welt to say wc were a part of the British Empire, and required no special representation in the mother country. Ile hoped the day was fsr distant, but it would oomo, when these colonies wonld band themselves together, like the United States ot America; and then we should find Australia sending her embassies to the mother country. Now, the colony of New South Wales was but little known and was badly represented in the mother country. That be thought was partly attributable to the partimonlooa position in whioh its Agent-General w«» placed. But every mean» wes taken by Queensland, Victoria, and New Zealand, to disseminate informa- tion respecting them. We should get SB our Agent-General some gentleman who had acquired a knowledge of the colony by resi- dence, »nd who had filled the important office of Colonial Secre- tary-he did not oarc whether bo was an ex-Minister ora present Minister, so long as he possessed thc confidence of thc oountry. : Wo wanted the best man we could get, and when we hud got him we ought to pay him hucsomely. He thought the hon. gentleman opposite committed himself when he made the observation that II he waa offered the appointment he ehould refute it. He did not know whether the hon. gentleman made tho same remark when moving that paid leoturers on tho oolony should be sont to Esglard, to induce persons to come out here. But the non. gentleman accepted the appointment as one of thoso emi- le »lion lecturers. And he had not the slightest doubt that the colony was benefited. Although persons did not rush out at the first bluBh of the thing, those who undertook tho duty of lectur- ing pei formed their duties efficiently and zealously, and dissemi- nated a good deal of information through Great Britain with re- spect to the resources of thlB oolony. We wanted tho colony adver- tised, with the view of Inducing capital and labour to oom« here. He did not think that the propoial by which tho Agent-General could be rt celled at »ny time, except for misconduct or iceapaetty, WSB a itasonable one, »nd he did not see that the Colonial Stcrctary'a ide» ol making this apolitical office was any im- provement. Who would take the oflloo without a guarantee- at ICBSt, that hil passage to England and back should be paidt He etouid vote againit both thc motion »nd the amendment. Hr. FITZPATRICK was not satisfied with either proposal. He could not seo ai.y tenso in making the office a political one, but thc inconvenience of that arrangement was apparent, for it was I quite within thc range ol potsibility that an Agent-General might be out of office before ho arrrived in England. Thc possibility of auch an absurdity ought to doter, hon. membcis from adopting the amendment. The Agent General bad duties which were partly commercial Bnd partly departmental. He would have matters to attend to ot far greater importance than the selection of railway iron, and in regard to i nilway iron he boped thc timo would soon come when wo should cesse to import railway iron. Commercial functions were Im- portent, bnt not the most important. It would not be wise to make sn appointment lor an indefinite term, for the occupant ot the office might become incapacitated, and would the House expcot the Government to call upon him to resign and appoint some- body elie in hit stead ! It was a new and undesirable feature to attempt to pre-determine by law the appointment to sn offloe inch aa this. He could understand that in appointing » Judgo for Instance, that we ehould tay that the person ehould bc a banister, but In thc case ot an ofticc like thie the Government mutt bc left to select tho bett man, »nd it was impossible to impose restrictiont without doing barm. The Agent-General ought to be appointed for a term, and that would not prevent his removal at any period on cause shown. He would not content to any law which would deprive tho Government of the power to protect the public interest!, and if the Government scted wrongly they could always be held responsible to thc House. (Hear, hear.) If he were in order ho would move a lurthor ¡ amendment, that in thc opinion ol thia Home future Agents General of the colony should he appointed lor a term ol three years, »nd thould receive the cost of their passage to and Irom ihe mother country. Mr. CAMERON was st a loss to know what oould be the objoct of thc motion unites lt pointed to a thorough change in the occupancy of the office at tho present time ; »nd he fancied that justice to tho present occupant required that proof thould be I adduced of bis complete incapacity before that courte could I he adopted. The second resolution would place power in the hands of the Government, which woald Do wielded in such a way SB to cante serious inconvenience. He should deprecate the selection ot either Lord Lisgar or Earl Belmore so long »a there was any one who waa qualified in the colony. He saw no loree in the objeotion that thc Agent-General ought not to perform what they called merctnaiy work. It was impossible that hit diplomatic duties could occupy the whole ol hit attention, and ho did not see why be should not fill up his time by acting lor tho Government in a mercantile capacity. It waa premature to consider the appoint- ment ol a purely diplomatic agent. It would be time enough to do that when the colony became sn Independent State, Ho did not believe that New South Wales was to obsoure or to little I thought of in Europe BS the hon. member lor West Sydney (Mr. Dibbs) hid represented. At any rate it had not been proved, and thc progrt-BB New Bouth Wales had made in thc hut decade, and the social legislation which had been effected, were sufficient to lntplro admiration for ut as a domocratlo oommunlty. The bon. member for West Sydney (Mr. Dibbs) laid that tho colony ought to bc well advertised in the mother country, in order to bring out capital »nd labour ; but the fact was that the colony had taken advantage ol all suitable opportunities of making itt resources known. He bad »o objection to tho introduction ol labour and capital, but he did ohjeot to the importation of labour »lone, »nd that was really what the hon. member desired. He ebould vote against the amendment and the motion. Mr. PIDDINGTON thought some fixed time should ho incor- porated in thc resolutions, in order that the individual holding the ellice of Agent-Goncral ehould not be liablo to be recalled at »ny time, and hewould propoto an amendment to insert, after the word " time," the following worda-" altor an lnoumbonoy ol five years." If he could not do that now, he would vote agalnal the amendment, In order to havo an opportunity ol doing it after- words. Mr, PARKES, in reply, slid tbe discussion had elicited Irom twoMlnittera, who heda netter opportunity ol being acquainted with the office ol Agent-General than persons who were not Minltert, that they wore dlttatitfled with th« I prêtent tyatem. His resolution aimed at somethinj which he did .not think one hon. member who bael spoken nrderstood. Hon. gentlemen had srgned over ibo heaei ol bis resolutions altogether »nd attributed to him something he 1 had rover dreamt ol. All he sought to lay down was this,-Thal thc Agent-General might ho recalled ; but he took lt for grantee! that no Administration wonld recall the Agent-General wlthoul good and sufficient reason. Cates might be supposed In which the colony would tulftr through baring tn Ageut-Goncral te carry ont tome policy, such, for Instance, at that of Immigration to which he, (the Agent-General) had all his life been opposed [Mr HILL: Then he would not obey ordors.] There wai a difference between simply obeying ordors, and actini promptly ,and leolouily In the discharge ol a duty. Cases might »ito »rise, such as an intercolonial dispute, which oould only bi settled by tho interposition of the Imperial Government, whet theJAgcnt-General would be brought Into contact with the Co lonial office; but a gentleman who had been withdrawn Irom thi colony lor years, and who had not oeen how tho disputo arose could net carry on negotiations like » gentleman who had beei prtient on the ipot. He would anppose a caso also, o the opening ol a new and' beneficial trade with i loreign country when it wenld be necessary to maki a modification of the treaty law«. Tho Agent-General would bi required to he charged with »ll tbe bearing» ol the question which could only be derived Irom actual knowledge derived on th spot- There were CBtes in whioh lt would be necessary to recs the Agent-General, in order to send home a gentleman who wooli have »living present knowledge ol oertatn matters.» Ht» rcioln tion wat Intended to lay down the principle tb»t il an ocoasloi ol national1 urgency »rote the Government ehould be empower* to rcc»l the Agent- General without «ppealin»; to Parliament The bon. member »t the head ol the Government adoptei a line ol coudant that -wai very ebaraoieri»iio ol bin Be aiked irby the late Government, daring their three yean tenure of office, did not move these resolutions? lt did not appear to them that an occasion of this kind bad arisen; bat the late Government introduced a bill to regulate the office ot Agent General, and it stood for its Eccond reading. For wan'- of time, however, and opportunity, tho Government were unable to pro- ceed with lt. He did not know how the hon. member at the head af thc Government could reconcile some ot hts arguments to-night with what ho said some days «go. He then oonourrcd with him (Mr. Parkes) in Baying that Sir Charles Cowper coull never resume hi» duties. . Mr. ROBERTSON: 1 did noihlni; of the kind. Mr. PARKES: Thc hon. gent cman did. Ho said he feared th»t what I said was the caso, and 1 oonslder that waB a concur- rence. Mr. BOBERT80N : You may conBidcr what you like. Mr. PARKES : Then 1 would like to know what it meant Î Mr. ROBERTSON : I did fear it. ? Mr. PARKES: In thc Colonial Secretary's offico there waa a» entire absence, for twelve months nea-ly, of .Sir Charlea Cowper'» name. He was not able even to append his name to a to efrem to inform tho Government that he was Ul, or even to nave a letter placed beforo him. Tho whole of tho oorrotpondence was conducted in the names of other persons. That woo pretty good evidence. But tho hon. member at the head of the Government could ascertain if ho pleased, that tho Governor at hi» (Mr. Parkes'») request telegraphed to the Secretary far Slate to make thc most trustworthy inquiries aa to tbe state of 8ir Charles Cowper's heolth ; and information wa» sent ont that he would never be »hie torosnme bis duties, »nd a recommenda- tion was made that thc Government Ehould obtain a pension for him. It wa» impossible tor one to say all that one knew ona quotion of this kind, or he could »dduce voluminous evidence though he greatly regretted th»t snuh was tho caso-of the inability of Slr Charles Cowper ever to resumo his antics to the country. Mr. ROBERTSON : I have a letter from him by the hut null, showing that that iB not true. Mr. PARKEB : It might not be true now. He received a letter fioro Bir Charles Cowper three month» ago, but that letter proved that he was not the Slr Charle» Cowper we once knew. Tbe intcirtts of the colony demanded that the agenoy should not remain in that gentleman's hands. Notwithstanding the plain terms in which he had explained himself, tho hon. member at the head of the Government charged him with having om red the office of Agent-General to thc hon. gontlem&n; »ow in the chair. [Mr. ROBERTSON: 1 did nothing of the kind; I s»ld that lt waa so reported.) -Suoh a thing was nevor thought of. But this was done. When the late Government found the office of Agent-General without An adequate head, month after month : »net having, at tho same time, a contract for a submarine cable in their hands, which lt w»s [necessary to 'attend to at a ptrtieular time ; and baring also in their hands tho task of dol- ing with tho mail contract, it was proposed to |the hon. member for the Glebe, now Speaker, but then Minister of Justioe, that be should [go home to enquire into the position of the Agent General's ofllcc; [fenquirc into the contracts, »nd aet thing» right. The hon. gentleman, however, deollaod, as did Mr. Samuel, to whom it was also offered. The hon. Colonial Treat urcr had charged him with saying that Lord Bolmore wa» highly qualified for 'he office ; but what he had said was, that if at any particular time » geni loman connected with tho colony he meant living in tho colony-oould not be found who wa« eminently qualified, it wonld bo better for a time \o obtain the services of tome influential man in England who h»d a knowledge of tho colony. Hi» first rctolution was In no way got rid of, because he made such an admission as that. Some hon. members seemed to think that ho bad placed himself in en inconsistent position because be said that he was opposed to Government appointing one of tberm aelveetoan Important office, while the late Government were prepared to appoint one of their number to tho position o! a Judge. But it was the practice in tho mother-country, and was generally followed in tho colonies, for tho Attorney-General to claim, almost as a matter of right, a vacancy occurring on the Besch. He confeesed that he very much doubted whether that was a practice that should be adopted In tbie country, bat that/in so way RtUchod to other' members of the Government. Ho thought that the letB Government had to da in patting one of their number into a poaitlon of profit, the better it wonld be for the political life of the counlry. Though the hon. Colonial Treasurer had expretied the opinion that a thoroughly good business man was the best fitted for the office of Agent-General, he bsd eutcd his intention of voting for the House to go into committee to make the office of Agent-General a political office. Be, for one. never dreamt of thc Agent- General being a political officer, taking office and retiring with every change ot govern- ment. He objected to thc proposal made for fixing the time during which the Agent-Geneial should hold office. It would probably happen that, the time wonld expire when theic was no necessity for his recall. He ventured to prophecy that, within ten years from thc present time, the principle contained in the resolutions would be adopted in ali thc Australian colonies. It was likely to bs adopted almost immediately in an adjacent colony. He could not pat» over altogether thc speech made by the hon. member tor Weet Sydney, Mr. Dibbs. The hon. gentleman atated with » mott confidential air that the time would come when these colonies wonld bo separated from England ; and that in Australia they would follow the example of the United States. He did not believe that tkat was tho tondenoy of thought in any British colony. Bo had too high a faith in the genius of thc people of tb eec colonies to believe that they would imitate any nation. He thought ho could Bee thc tendency of the be»t thought in Great Britain was towards a federation ol Im- perial interests of thc whole empire in which they would ah form an equal part with one another. While professing to advocate thc lnterc.it» of the colony the hon. member (Mr. Bibbs) »aid it wo» only a great store. That was a queer way ol advocating it» IntercfiB. Mr. DIBBB maintained that what ho said was that the Govern- ment ol the country was degenerating into a trading concern. Mr. PARKEB said that even accepting the bon, gentleman's own version he would like to know how that would commend the colony to the people of England. The hon. member tor Patrick's Plaina was greatly ia error if he tuppoted he defined tie duties of the Agent-General in anyway. All that he said In his resolu- tion was that the pcrtoa appointed should have recent knowledge of the colony. That w»s merely a condition of life, and not a qualification ol charaoter. He felt »ure that the resolutions con- tained a sound principle, and though he bad no expectation ot ita being carried now, he was satisfied that lt would be carried into effect before many yean. The queition " that the words proposed to be omitteA aland part of ihe question," was put, and negatived on the following division : Ayes, IE. Ur. Parket Mr. Wearne Mr, T. G. Dangar Llovd Seholey Batherland Farnell Davies R. B. Smith I W. Witton Piddington YV. U. Brjwne ( Terry H. C. Dangar [Teuer». Bteveni Abbott Noes, 56. ! Mr. Robertson Mr. J. Watson Ur. Greville W. Hoister Charle» Hill Burns R. h ont er Jaoob Lucas Maolntoih Wisdom Lackey Montagu Coben Cameron H. H. Brows Meyer 8 tuan Bennett PUapalriek ) Dibba Thoa. Brown Pilcher I Hoskins Clarke [Tellers, The question that the words proposed to be added be no added was then put, when Mr. FITZPATRICK said be desired to move an amendment before thc amendment ol the hon. member at the head ol the Government. He moved,-"That in the opinion of thia Hool«, tbe future Agents-General of thia colony ehould he appointed lor a term of 5 yeera, and should receive the coat ol their passage to »sd Irom the mother country." Mr. HOBKINS submitted that the amendment oould not be put, inasmuch as lt proposed that certain »urns be appropriated for » specific purpose. Such a motion could only be moved hy address tram the Government. Mr. 8PEAKER ruled that tho motion involved appropriation, and could not he put. The question, that the words proposed to bo added be so added -that wat tho amendment ol the hon. member at tbe head ol the Government-was put and negatived. Ayes, ti ; noes, 38. The hon. members voting on the »ide ol the »ye» wore-Messrs Robertion, Lucas, W. Forster, Burns, and Laokey. £Mr. PIDDING'ION rote to move »n amendment; but Mr. WISDOM objected, on the ground that the bon. gentleman had already spoken. Mr. H. C. DANGAR moved ibat tho blank bo filled np with tbe following wordt :-" lt is the opinion ol this House that the office ol Agent-General ought not to bo regarded merely aa an office of profit to be held on good behaviour, Uko the ordinary oflioea u&der; Government; but after thc expiration of five year» thc incumbent thereof ought to be subject to recall at any time lor reston ol policy, and without censure or dissatisfaction being implied hy such »ct of recall. That the forgoing resolution bi transmitted by address to his Excellency the Governor." Mr. LUCAS pointed ont th»t tbe resolution, aa worded, wonld imply that thc officer would be a fixture for five ycart. There wonld be no possibility ol getting rid of him-that was il the reeolu'ion wat to he binding upon the Government ; and il it was not to be binding what wa» the use ol passing it. It wonld ke better to leave matters as they stood than poss such a dangerous motion. Alter a ebort discussion, Mr. DANGAR, by leave ot tho HoUBe withdrew his amendment. The resolutions and amendments having been negatived the subject dropped. ALLEGED WRONGFUL OEL1VERT OF LETTERS. Mr. FITZPATRICK moved an oddresB to the Legislative Council, sskiDg thst Chamber to permit one ol ita members, the Hon. Beni Samuel, to attend »nd give evidence beforo tho »elect committee now inquiring whether the Post-office authorities in Sydney have given np to the French consul certain letters (4 dretted to M. Rochefort end others. The motion was »greed to, PETITION. Mr. R. M. FORSTER presented a petition Irom 810 miners ol Inverell and Cope's Creek, suggesting certain amendments in the Land Bill. 1 The petition wat received. THE Vi F ER HUNTER ELECTORATE. On the motion ol Mr. ROBERTSON, the seat of the tat« Mr. Francis White was rieolaied vacant. RELIEF TO WIDOW GOWLLAND AND OTHER3. Mr. DIBBS moved,-" That th's Houso will, on Tuesday next, reçoive Itself Into a Committee of the Whole for tlte purpose of considering of »n address to tbe Govuner, pr»ylng that bis Excellency will be pleased to causo to bo placed upon tn o Supple- mentary EttimalcBfor the present year, r tum ot monoy for the relief of the widowt ol the lute Lieutenant Gowlland and - Feier- ten, who lost their lives in performance of their duties in the public tervice." In view ol tho important motion whleta Blood next on thc business paper, he did not desire to take up tho time oltheHoutonow. But when in commiito he thought he should be able to prove the justice ol MrB. Gowlland'» and Mrs. Peter- sen's claims. Mr. R. B. 8M1TII moved an amendment o! the resolution by thc insertion ol thc words "and Havenand." Havenand wa» a warder ut the Port Macquarie gaol, »nd was drowned by the wreck ol a tchooncr in which ho was conveying a Prisoner to Sydney. Mr. CAMERON thought the hon. member lor the nailing* wat taking n remarkably strange way of bringing axaso belore the House. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, aa amended, was also »greed to. THE GOVERNMENT BANKING BUSINESS. ? Mr. PARKES moved,-"1. That a select committee be ap- pointed, with power to send for persons and paper», to inquire Into, »nd report upon, tbe olrcumttances attending tbe recent removal by the Government of large «um» of pabilo money from ! the Bank of New South Wales to other banking lnslituitone, more especially the removal of a large sum of publio money to a bank of which the Colonial Treasurer we.» a director at the time of bi» acceptance of office in February lut, and of which be Is reputed to be a shareholder. 2. That tuon committee consist of Mr. I Robcrtton, Mr. Stephen Brown, Mr. Lackey, Mr. H. 0. D»ngBr, Mr. Stuart, Mr. G. A. Lloyd, Mr. Gray, Mr. Piddington, Mr. F. B. Suttor, and the mover." He raid that in submitting this resolution he should be very brief, »nd ho thould abstain from making random chargea or from suffering himself In any way to Bilde into »base. He should refrain se mueh as possible Irom any unnecessary allusion ; even to the circumstances. Parliament bad at »ll times been ' zealous of as; undue exerolso of power, and more especially by tho exercise of it on the part of these who held office nuder tb» Crown. In thl» colony .Minister» had generally evinced a deliro to disarray themtelvet, »a it were, from any authority outside the House that could excite »ntpiolon; »nd 8ir Stuart Doaaldioa had even gone to far aa to relinquish hi» buaines» on becoming a Minister of the Crown. In 1863, Slr James Martin oarried the following rciolution,-1' That in the oplaloa ol thia Home lt is highly improper for any of her Majesty's Minister» tn this colony, »nd more especially for the Colonial Treasurer, to be a director of; any pi [vate bsnklng, insurance, cr loon company whataoever." ' That resolution bad at »ll time» been acted upon, and wa» io by the prêtent Colonial Treasurer anon bl* acceptance ol office. He adverted to these circumstance! to »now tbe extreme Jealousy -which had at »ll times prevailed la the I LegUWture el thi» country. Il lt wu Mcetaary tor « gentleman who bream» » Mtntstor lo roilgu bi» position a» « bank d.rcctor, lt waa auroly necessary thjet he should be extremely caution» not to tako »ny courw in rete lion to »ny institution with which ho wa» so intimately con- nected, which would excite even a appleton in tho puhHo mind Hgalcet tbccxcrolec of authority. To that extent, and no further, it seemed to him thero was'sulficiont ground for an immédiate in- quiry as to what tho faots of tho oaso might bo which ho wa» about to bring under notice* Tho Bank of New South Wales yioldod to nono in its historical onnncotlrn with all tho great interests of tho country and tia power, lt had for a number of yenra been tho Goverimrnt bank. Ho was not hero as tho advó- calo of that back; but, from knowledgo which ho had derived during (ho six years th»t ho h«d hoon a Minister of tho Crown tbrco of them in whioh tho colony w»» in extremo ditlloultics-ho waa bound to say that that bank hsd oonduotcd tho Uovernmont businrsBwcll. (Mr. FORSTER.: Hcar.hcar ] Thc hank had at times in plaolrg our loans upon tho London market, and thoy had been end usted with business of very serious difBoulty, capooially »bown, without exception, an amountof taot, prudonoo, observant judgment, and gonoral business ability which had boou, in their oxerolBO, greatly to thc benefit «f this ooun ry, Tho consideration which nttaohed to iheee ciroumsl»noo» entitled tho bank to a consideration commensurate with tho oftiolonoy vigilance, and nbllity with which they bad oonduotcd tho business of tho country. [Mr. VORSTER: Hear, hoar 1 The caso waa thia: Tho Ciovornmont had, In tho undoubted e.xoiclso of tholr authority, removed several vary largo sums of money from thia bank. Tho Government had a right to do this if, in thc first placo, tho hank had boen treated with that consideration and fairness to whioh thoy wcro entitled; and If, in tho second place, thoso sums bad. been removed for the undoubted profit of tho oountry Ho thought it would turn out-and that waa tho extent to whioh he should go- ho thought ho should bo'able to prove that sums of money had not hoon removed In tho manner ho »aid-that that oonaidoration had not been extended to this Government insti- tution to which it was entitled, and to whioh ihe co ony owed that amount of respect whioh wa» duo to tho faithful pci formanoo of duty ot a momentous character,-and that they had not been removed to benefit tho peoplo of tho oountry. If he proved these two things, ho should provo a very serious oaso. lt oould not bo questioned that it waa tho undoubted right of tho Parliament to make an investigation into an ocourrenco of this kind.- (Hear, hear.) No impropriety waa necessarily imnllod by bim .[Mr.FORr-TER: Oh!', Allhohad to say was that thc circum- stance» themselves called tor Inquiry, Bnd he thought he should bo able to provo tho caso a» he had presented it. Of courso ho did not attempt Ito prejudge tho oaso in any way. Ho could not avoid tho impression which knowledge communicated to him loft upon hia mind-and bo must be tho solo judgo ol tho v»luo of »ny information of which he might bo poBsossed. He expected to bo »blo to provo that largo sum» had been removed in »n unnecessarily precipitate manner, without euch tntimation.os generally would obtain botwion ono firm »nd another in a transaction nf this kind, and that their removal would not bo for tho benefit of the country, but on tho contrai y, unless bo wcro verjr much mistaken, thc country would bo tho sufforcr. Ho thorfsht ho was justified in mentioning tho Trea- surer's nome in this resolution. Tho fact was indisputable, »nd it wa», ho believed, an undoubted faot that tho hon. gcntlomau had a proprietary interest In the bank, and that it was undor his hand a» Colonial Treasurer that thcie stints of money had been removed. With regard to tho composition of thc committee, he had endeavoured to select thc committee to mnko it fairly represent all Bides of tho House, but ho should bo porfcolly willing to seo tho oommittoo appointed by ballot. Mr. W. FORSTER did not risc to oppose thc motion. On tho contrary, if tho House would allow him to say so, ho insisted on a oommittco being appointed. Ho boliovcd-notwithstanding tho .iisolsinier of tho hon. gentleman-that this motion waa nothing more nor les» than an attempt to Insinuate against himcharaotcro! amostortminalkintl. Thchon.gentleman'aspccchwasvoryeoit and very oily, no doubt; but ho waa accustomed to the hon. gentle- man's disclaimers, which he had generally lound to bo very incon- sistent with tho course thc hon. gentleman took. Tho hon. gen- tleman s»id ho had no intention of making random charges of personal abuse; but what was tho meaning of that portion of thc résolution which referred to his monov ciroumstnncos-to bia being tho dircolor of tho City Bank : (Cheers.) What could be intended by it but an insinuation that bo bad used his position as a member ot the Government to do somo unworthy not injurious to tho interest» of ono bank and whioh would in somo way or othor benefit his own interests in another bank. However, ho thought lt would havo been better if the hon. gontlomnn had put his charge into intelligible language Ho could not help being reminded by tho hon. gentleman's rcmarkB of hie mysterious apoechca with refere noe to tho Kiama ghost, when his statements turned cut to be falsehoods. Upon the face of it ho could not seo why because the Government removed money from one bank to another thcro was'anything so exceptional-anything that had not been dono beforo by a Colonial Treasurer, whtch Bhould rcqulro tho appointment of a committee to inquire into tho circum- stances. However, on account of tho personal way in whioh tho bon. member implicated bim, ho ^desired tho inquiry i It might bo as wefl that ho should state in a few words tbe otrcumBtanoes to which tho hon. gentleman had referred, and wblob he supposed were tho foundation of this mysterious charge. It waa notorious that certain smut ot money had been removed from the Bank ol New South Wales to two othor banks, and they had been removed under thrso circumstances. Thc commerolai world wai generally aware that tho Bank ol Now South Wales had been employed by tho Government as its agent for many yeora past, »nd lie waa most happy to bc ablo to reiterate the high encomiums passed upon tho modo of conduct- ing business whtch that bank had evinced, lt had been tho means of saving the Government from great diltlculllea at one time and another. He was perfcotly willing to say everything he oou d in favour of the bank. Tho Government had entered into two agreements with tho bank. Ono of theao rotated vory llttlo to tho question under consideration, but ho referred to it in order to shew tbe amount of bueinoss that was done by the Government with tho bank. Undor tho first oon tract-which ho would oall the London contract-it did tho greater part of the English business for thc Govornmcnt. Nearly all tho Government money passed through ita hands, and tho Go- vernment was allowed upon tho balances in ita bauds one por dent, below thc discount of the Bank of England, »nd in cases where thercrwaa an overdraft then tho Government paid ono por cent, above thc discount of the Hank of England. Under this arrangement a million or a million anda-half of monoy pasaod through tho hands of thc bank. There was another arrangement made by the Government with tho bank of| a lesa permanent charaotcr, which ho would oall the looal agreement. The London agrcomout would not expire until tho 30th Juno, 1876 ; Ibo local agreement expired on thc 311th June this roar. Well, under thia arrangement a sum of £080,000 had been placed In the hands of tho Bink of Now South Wales on winch ihey allowed interest at varying rates from 5, 8t¿, to V per cent, lt waa held under a power in thc Government to draw to any extent, they liked, but subject to this penalty, that whenever ino. »mount fell below tho sum he had »tated, the interest waa not paid then on £10,0(0. It w ai held to ba reduced by £50,000, no matter what tho amount drawn, and so to th* end of thc: amount. Every reduction ot the amount within £50,000 rcduoed tho nominal amount to £50,000 »nd the interest accordingly. But, in addition io this large sum of monoy that would come back into their hand» in a oouplo of months, as be had pointed out, a largo surplus had acorued during tho laat year, principally since September last, to the amount ot somo £000,000, an »mount which wont on steadily increasing. Well, upon this large iura tho Government had not been paid interest. Tho Bank of New South Wales, acoordiug to its agreement, and under circumstances which entitled it to what it received, had the use of thia large sum of monoy without pay- ing »ny interest to thc Government. Well, when ho oaino into office, finding that three monthi of thia agreement had to run, and finding this large surplus of £600,OOu iu thc hands of tho bank on which no interest waa being paid, it seemed to him advis- able to take steps to obtain aomo benefit for tho uso ol tho monoy. (Hoar, hear.) The course he took was this : Under the agreement thc Troasurcr was bound to consult with the manager of tho Bank of New South Wales, In regard to tho dia posal of the surplus.- In Maroh, ho thought, it was ho invited tho manager of the Bank of New South Wales to a consultation. Ho informed tho manager that the bank, having had tho uso of the money for a long time, had benefited by it, and that the Government had not benefited in any wsy. He told thc msnagcr tbBt under these circumstances, and aa thc. surplus WHS constantly increasing that he thought it wai only reasonable that tho bank should allow thc Govornmcnt Interest, and ho sub- mitted'that tbe bank ahould »How 5 per cent, upon £500,00u. Ho intimated to the monajee that tho bank thould give lh'.s lutorcst for the remaining period during which tho money was in tholr hands under what ho called tho local agrcomout. Ho quite, admitted ot ODCC tho corrcctnesi of what the manager said to him, th't no bank would accept a aum ot £500,000 lor three months at any rate. But looking at the manner in whioh tho bank had benefited by this £500,000 during the period it hold it before tho last three months ot the agroeinont, and that ihol period was simply so much timo added to tho period during which they tnjoyed this money, it seemed to him that it wsBnot unreaionablo to expect that nmouut of liberality from tho bank th»t would induce them to give tho Government at least 1 per oont. for tho remaining three months of thc local agreement. Ho asked for 4 per cent. But unquestionably he ehould have hoon content to havo received í per cont, for thc remaining three months. The House would understand that although ho waspor fo»tly aware that toaak a bank to tako so large a sum of money as £500,000 for a short period like thi eo months and givo interest for it WM moro than could be reasonably expected, he did not think it unreasonable to txpeot that tho Bank of N:w South Wales having bad tho uso of thia money for several months, should for the lemalning three months allow some interest upon it. In that case they would havo had tho £500,000-or rather a largor sum, far the sum waa a little abovo £000,000. Mr. Shepherd Bmith de- clined tho offer. Thc transaction waa not a hasty ono. Tho negotia- tion was oarried on for a month at least. When ho found thc Bank of New 8outb WalcB deo inedto accede to his proposal, it seemed to bim that he was bound in the into. csta of tho public to find somo other way of dealing with tho money. Ho therefore did what the hon member opposite had accused him of doing in the interestof the City Bank, although the hon. member oppoaito ? had not mentioned tho other bank. He gave £150,0JO first to tho Oriental Bank, and transferred another £ .00,000 to the City Bank. That WBB not done hastily. The two sums were drawn out at different times. There waButleasta fortnight between thc removal of one sum of money and thc removal ol the other. Sinco that he had placed £300,000 of the same account in tho hands of Mr. .Shepherd Smith. [An hon. member: For what period ll For a period ol twelve monthi ; although in tbe case of thc other two banka they wc-o to have the money for twolvc months, with six months' notice at tho end of tho year, which was equivalent to eighteen months. In thc case of tho Bank of Now- South Wuics, tho Govcrn.nenl had power to draw upon lt at anytime. Ho had now sUtod to tho \- House all tho circumstances of thc transaction, and ho had nothing further to add. Perhaps ho should bc asked why ho seleoted tho two banks named in preference to othors. That question bad been UBl ed of him by managers of other banks. He supposed the answer which thc bon.member for East Sydney had in bl» heart was, that he (Mr. Forstor) had used his inllannce as Colonial Treasurer, to afford a corrupt advan'.ago to tho City Bank. That wa» what tho hon. member meant by his speech and by his resolutions. . Hie answer to tho question w»» »imply that tboBO were tho two banks that entered into negotiations, and which had corrospondod with hi« predecessor in office. Tho Oriental Bank had been for a long timo almost promised a portion of this very money which it bad obtained from him. In regard to the City Bank, thcro was another rcaBon, apart from hie knowledge of its circumstances, why ho was quite justified in regarding it as a bank tn which thc late Government bsd great confidence,.becauEo at tho last elco tion tbe manager was waited upon by two members of tho lato . Government and earnestly requested by them to go to tho hust- ings and proposo the Premier. (Laughter.) Surely when a political uso was mode of the bank by tho la o Government, thc present Government were not to regard lt as likely to be rotten, or ot betraying or cheating the public. Thi late Government must have had very great confidence in it indeed, when two mcmbors of it drugged the manager out ot his com- merolai position to take that high political position, and trnmpot the merita of the lato Premier to thc electors of East Sydney. (La»ghtcr.) It would he for tho House to judge whotber be had «tated thc truth. If what tho hon. gontloman hod said wei true, then he (Mr. Forster) had not spoken tho truth. It waa a question of veracity between him and thc hon; member that tho comuiittco had to inquirointo. He was not at all afrBid of goingllnto tho contest. ? AB to the hon. gentleman, be had gone through predican ents of thc kind so frequently, and he bad made so many statements whioh on inquiry turned out to DO incorreot, that he did not suppose the hon. gentleman would bo any «ene thon eels w hen they cot loose in tho process of skinning. Tho bi n, gentlemen had h»d much skinning of thut kind, and it would bo found out that all he bad done in tho present . initsnco wa» to grotsly malign hi» (Mr. Forster's) character. Ho d.d not object in uny way to tho committeo named. But tho non. gentleman was certainly very obliging when ho told tho HOUBO that ho would consent to thc committee being balloted for. One might he pardoned for thinking the hon. gentleman could not help himself. Butha thought it was not unfair to point out .córtelo omisf lonB from the committee, which might be oonSidored extraordinary In any bon. gcntliman except tho hon. gcntloman .who h«d named tho committeo. Hon. members would rooolloot that a oommittoo was appointed to inquire into Borne transactions trhioh were eupposod-ho was happy to admit they wore wrongly Whiñlh^ h^T^0 ch,B">«ero' '"o Ut« Colonial Treasure. Hon^r'.î iî?* ^n<u,m",n.* character WM attacked, ». hil (Mr. «nd look »mb*r W*î h,m"1' plBI;<"1 0:1 th0 commute. ÎI^M ^,. ProTln«» r"1 ln iu.tifying huniolf îicrrf nl-rrd"T ,0-,bc ,?,l"cu ?» tn" committee¡ and it ho wcro pl.ced on il ho would not uko tho troub'o to h m \r\^ V RMC£uoh lnf°"»»"<>" »» might bo required of 111',!.,T°«^?"" preferred th»t tho namoi of 'woof Mt^ Ç J f;1'0" Bn,1.Mr- '-"W. ahould have boon lett ot! Ho would rather eec ihem attending to tho publlo i*.- .if'. ,K * <):,nclnf »ttendanee on a commitieo with tho vagus den th«i thoy were doini him sortie*. Hoshou'd have profcrred SJ Tm(riMa"'rac'J0,.1It' eoho,û^ un(1 Mr- "irloy iilaood on tho oommlttco instead of tho name« of hia colleagues, with regard to that portion of tho rciolution whioh conveyed insinua ÄÄ" .h m:,1,0 TM "J hon- (tontlcman to considor S L n'"!.""?'?.? the rciolution wai not auoh a» ho had tni? .1 * i° Sh0uld llk0 t0 knnw " thcy woro *al** to Inqulro "f .1, n.einni«»tnncc« of hie having boon a director ?m .^"C,t!r- ,B*,nkV with ft Tiow ot trnmping « ..thi 8 '^cy *tro Koi»« to begin be should Uko to know Rrrtn v ti wcta '? 8tîp- WoïW, tho hnn- member for Evil Sidney Uko hlB antecedent« to be Inqul-ed Into bv rolect oom mit'ecs, that he wai this or that at partieulir limos! At any rato they won d not Ural that ho (Mr. Poraier) had gono round tho counlry begging; mosey fiom members of tho othor Homo Mr. II. B. SMITn roso to ordor. Ho thought tho hon. gontln maa'a speech was most unbecoming and undignified. Tho hon gentleman ho aubmitted. had no right in this indlreot way to attack tho hon. member for Kast Sydnoy In roforonoo to his past transactions ; nor had he any right to Impute impropor moUvoi in rcerard to a matter with whioh tho House had nothing to do. Mr. HOSKINS contended that tho Colonial Troasuror wa» in no way oontravonlng thc rutea of Parliament. Mr. SPEAKER could ecarorly say that tho Colonial Troasuror was out of order. Thc hon. gcn lcmsn should bo allowed aomo ntitiidoin-dofonding himself from Bucha ohargo ns that which had been undo against him. But he thought tho hon. gentle man a lan remark or two showed a tondonoy to a contravention of Parliamentary rule«. If tho hon. member followed up those remni ka wiih olhen of tho santo tenor, ho would bo out of order. Mr. FORSTER continued: He waa quito «atisflod that Mr. Speaker would not find him out of ordor. Il waa posiiblo ho should havo been out of order it ho had raid somo things whioh he had not »»id. Tho bon. member (Mr. Smith) waa remark- able for not understanding what wa» said, and for making objec- tions. But itw»i ono of tho hon. member's wars of doing » small service to thc country. . Mr. R. B. BMITH : You drew a largo aum of money out of tho bank for your own benefit. (Cries of oh.) Mr. U. FORSTER TOBO to ordor, »nd moved th»t tho words mado uso of by tho hon. member (Mr. Smith), bo taken down. Mr. ROBERTSON hoped tho matter would bo allowod to drop, lt would only lead to los» of Hmo, and ho waa »uro tho hon. number did not wish to convey any Insinuation against tho Colo- nial Tre»surcr*s honesty by what ho had aald. Mr. R. FORSTER withdrow his motion. Mr. W. F0R6TKR continued. Thc speech of tho hon. mombor for Bait Bydncy was mild enough, but his resolution impliod that he (Mr. Forster) had acted corruptly ; and ho hoped tho hon. member would be compelled to put tho ohargo ogainat him into intelligible language, and, if posaiblo, to provo lt. If ho oould do that it would bo all the better for him, for they »ll know that tho hun. member waa anxioua only to servo the public. Ho had no wish to put the present Government out of ollico, and was abovo all Interested motives. It scorned to him thal a oomtnittcc of tho kind proposed would lo very usolul. lt would glvo tho hon. member somo employment; Ho would find himself in tho congenial occupation of raking up calumnies and discovering maree' neats, »1 ho had done on tho present ocoaeion. AB lho charge had been m»do, he did not wiih to treat it aa a Ught mnttcr; and ho hoped that, whatever oommlttce might bo appointed, they would insist upon the mattor hoing st»toa intel- ligibly, »net on tho inquiry being pushed to auch an extent that il might bo proved that either himself or tho hon. membor w»i guilty of an otTenco. Mr. R. B SMITH thought the hon. membor (Mr. Forster) had met tho question in on undignified »nd unbecoming mannor. Instead of confining himself simply to tho question, ho had mode a violent attaok upon tho hon. membor for Eaat Bydncy (Mr Parkes). But it was like tho hon. member ; ho novcr oould confino himself to a question, but always entered into a number of extraneous mstter». Tho hon. member had BIBO tried to ridi- cule him. To show the hon. member's disposition, ho might s»y that lt was reported thal a ¡division had already taken placo In the Government through thc Colonial Treasurer notagrcelng with bia colleagues in rcspcot to a certain point of policy. [Mr. MOBKRT.-ON : It ii not true.; lt was, at any rate, so reportod. Ho would not have risen had the hon. member not attempted to cast ridiculo upon him. Ho had no doubt that tho hon. member would vindicate himself from thc charges ni ado airains t him. Mr. R. FORSTER thought that no greater ohargo could ho msde against a man than was oontalned in the resolutions pro- posed by thc bon. member for East Sydney, lt implied that tho hon. Colonial Treaaurer was influenced by dishonest motives, ile was sure there was no hon. member ia tho Houso who would endoisc thc langoago i-f tho resolutions. Mr. LLOYD said the hon. gentleman (Mr. Forster) would not get rid of hia difficulty by treating thc matter ' as a taroo, ai ho li d attempted to do. He had treated the chnrgo In » way that ill became a gentleman holding thc position of a Minister of tho Crown. He did not for a moment supposo that the mover had any intention of imputing anything criminal, but tho Treasurer w BS open to thc very soriom ohargo ot blundering. For flfloen years Government money had not boon romsved from tho Bank cf New South Wale«, and Tio said that thia monoy heil been removed in dircot violation of »11 agreement with tho Government-that agreement being that all tho Govornmcnt mntcy should bo deposited with lho Bank of Now South Walos, tho bank agrccitg to pay interest on jCSSO.OOO. Tho bank had conducted thc Government banking business in thc most satltfac ory manner, and had lound funds for thc Govcrntnout when they Hood in need of help. Tho hon. membor read tho principal olaueee of the agreement which ho (Mr. Lloyd) as Colonial Treasurer made with the hank. Tho bank a*rcod to allow in- terco; for twelve months, but thc Government could withd-aw tho money »ny time. It tho Treasurer had done what bc hud Faid bc had done, ho had fixed this large sum of money fortwelve months, and thus placed it beyond tho power of Parliament, Six months was tho term of nuilee which, at tho expiration of thc twolvc months, the hon. member said he had to RÍVO to the City Bank and Oriental Bank, lt wai absurd in thc Treaaurer to expect thc Bank of Now South Wales to allow Interest 011 £500,000 for two months and a half. What could the bank do with a blook of money such as that for a period ot two months and a half Î Thc Treasurer did not make that proposition to tho City Bank or to tho Oriental Bank, but lodged deposits in thom for twelve, months. He (Mr. Lloyd) had mentioned to thc hon. number for the Lachlan, who was a director in tho City Bank, that if tho loan, which w»8 then in tho market, was launched, »nd the Govern- ment did not require to usc the monoy, ho would place it on de- posit with the banks. Tho loan fund Wás entirely dialinot fr»m thc consolidated rovenue fund, which was thc subject of tho airrctiiicnt. An important consideration to tho Governmont wae that tho Bank of New South Wales was absolutely safe-for that institution had lately presented a balance-sheet, Bhowinn a credit of IU,1*. millions, nl.d over throe millions of coln. What publlo odvantogo had hcon g.iincd by tho removal of this money ? [Mr. ROBERTSON: What public loss has re- sulted ¡j Tho bon. member might yot learn that, if he lived long enough. Why did tho Ti ensurer go to thc City Bank which had BO small a reservo ! Why did ho not go to thc Commercial Rank, which was a large bank, standing next tn tho Bank of Now South Wales 1 Ho was glad the Treasurer did not object to tho appoint- ment of the committee, which, if it showed nothing oise, would thow that thc Treacurcr had mado a blunder. Mr. 8CHOLEY said that it would have been more generous of thc Colonial Treasurer to have left his name alono. (Hear, hear.) And so far as tho hon. nicmbcr'a suggestion wa« oonoornod, that he should tako tho place of tho Colonial Secretary, he declined the honour. If it should bc his lot to have business again with the Treasurer, he should tako tho precaution to have two or three respectable witnesses with him; for after the ms liner in which tho Treasurer had dealt with bim in tho Eck- ford case, ho would almost as soon meot GarJlnct on tho |hlgli roud. Mr. DIBBS had alwayB been In favour of the Government dis- tributing its deposits, and supposed the City Bank had got thc money because it needed it. Ho did not sec thc uso of Hu ling up ibis great Bank of New South Wales, for it was to bo presumed that in acting as the Government-bankers they h id only done so became it was to their advantage. Ho oom pli ia outed the Trea- surer on hi» very temperate spcooh; for tho hon. member had the power to say very nasty things, and had abstained from coing so. Tho hon. member for Newcastlo asked why tho Tics6urcr went to tho City Bank! His nmwer waathat he sup- posed tho City Bonk offered a bettor banking security. Tho Bank of New South Wale» could not havo ICSB than £?,000,OCO of Government money, hero and in London, »nd that was aliorethor disproportionate to the £.(0,OCO lodged wi h tho City Bank, having regard to all thc figures. Manyat the shareholders of tho Ci.y Biuli wero also shareholders in tho Bank of Now South Wa ç; ; and ho main- tained that the Government had done a right thing in not allow- ing all their cge-a to be placed in ono basket. Tho late Colonlil T-rcoeuror, in his financial speech, stated hu intention to place w hatever he could spare of the public lands in other oinks ; so Uat all that oould be said against this Qovornmont wa', that thoy bad lu lowed thc courio shadowed fonh by their prodoooisirs. Ho did not think that tho proposed committee wis fal.ly consti- tuted, The late Ticaturcr uught not to bc a membor of thc com- mittee, Mr H. C, DANGAR di l not think tho hon. member for Eist Sydney intended to attack tho oharacter et thc Colonial Treasurer. li was merely his judgment that waa rellcclcd upon by tho reso- lution. Ho dleapprovcd of tho personalities thal had boen intro- duced into the debate. Various matteirs hod been discusted that OURIH to have been left to tbs oommieteo. They ought not to have had tho opinionaof banka staled hero. Ho hoped thc committee would bo eleoted by ballot, and that the Colonial Troasuror would be eleoted a member of it. Mr. STUART was not aware that these binks had ventilated tbo'.r opinion« on thia subject. Ho had no doubt that tho hon. member for East Sydney had brought forward thia motion with- out pressure from tho Bank of New South Wales. Ho contended that that Bank waB not liable to tho imputition of unfairness that had been alleged against it, and that according to agreement it paid interest on nearly thc whole amount In its hands at ratos equal to what tothcr banks would have given. Ho did not think that tho Colonial Tieasurerhad ao'.cd wisoly in going to tho other banks, because instead ol being a moro favourable arrangement than that existing it was a much moro unfavourable arrangement that he made They could not expeot tho bank to pivc 5 per cent, interest on money for two and a ball months. Ti 0 money was lent to other banka not at that rate, but at 4 por cent, for n period extending over eighteen months. Ho was catii- I fled lhatthe Colonial Tro-isurcr'a arrangement was not a wiso one for ilocountry, nor a fair ono to tho Bank of New Bouth Walos. Ho hoped his name would bc loft out of tho coinmitto, lest being connected with a bank that he thought to be unfairly trooto-t, he should bc thought to bc titting in judgment on tho Colonial Trea- surer. Ho did not think anything of criminality against tho hon. gentleman was intended by tho hon, membor for Enst Sydnoy, although the wording ol thc rciolution pointod somowhat to it, Mr. FORBTER explained that he had no Intention to troat tho lion, member for East Maitland disrespectfully in his rclcrcnce to ll'Mr PARKES, in reply, said he Bhould tako what course he thought proper in regard to a MinlBtcr of the Crown, or anybody e se. He bad not provoked the attacks of tho Hon. Colonial Treasurer by his ref olutions or his speech, and he should not bc moved from peiforaiing bis duty by any ounsequonoes whatever. Ho moinuined that this was an inquiry that ought to bc made. The motion was pul and agreed to. ,,,,,,, A ballot W»B then taken, which rosulted !n tho olcction of thc following centlcmen to form tho oommiltcc:-McsBrt. Parkes, H C. Dangar, 8. C. Brown, Llojd, F. Buttor, W. Forstor, Laokoy, Stuart, Piddington, and Robertson. TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT. Mr. G. A. LLOYD moved,-"That thero be laid upon tho table ol this House :-1. A return, showing thc ecrvlcos in which it wa« intended to employ thc additional 38 ofllccra on tho Estimatesof tho Telegraph Department, which was presented to thc Houso by thc late Government en tho 19:h November, 1874, and he salary proposed lo to paid in each caso. 2. A similar return with regard to the 88 additional olllcera asked for on tho Estimates prosonted by the present Government on thc 3lBt March, 1875." Mr. BURNS did not objcot to thc motion. Tho motion was agrccn to. Mr. ROBERTSON moved tho adjournment of tho Houso. Mr. PARKEB asked whether tho Government intondodto proceed wih tho Land Bill previous to going on with any othor Government business. Mr. ROBERTSON said that tho consideration ol tho Land Bill wes tho first queaiion tho Government would proceed with. Tho Houso adjourned at 19 minutes to 1 o'clock until 4 o'clock to-doy (Wednesday), 