MR. BRIGHT AND MR. GLAD STONE. To the right of Mr. Lowe I see a figure which, foreshortened from my point of view, is chiefly distinguishable by a hat and pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker fashion about the cut of the hat or garments, there is a breadth about the former and a looseness about theJatter suggestiveof Qnakerassociations. Perhaps if my idea were mercilessly ana lysed it would appear that it has had its growth in the knowledge that 1 am look ing upon Mr. Bright, and that I know Mr. Bright is of Quaker parentage. But 1 am jotting down my impressions as I re ceive them. Mr. Bright does not address the House to-night, but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Chiltern, who has heard them, speaks quite sorrowfully of the evidence they give of failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Com mons under his command, with as much ease as Apollo held in hand the iiery courses of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more ; he hesitates in choos ing words, is not sure of the sequence of his phrases, and resumes his seat with evi dent gratefulness for the renewed rest. Chiltern adds that much of this uervouB ness is probably owing to a sensibility of the expectation which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is about to make the '1 great speech1' which has been looked for since he returned to his old place. But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright is already a tra dition in the House of Commons, and it is but the ghost of the fatuous Tribune who now nightly haunts the scene of his former glories. Mr. Gladstone was sit ting next to Mr. Bright, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favourite attitude with him. His legs were stretched out, his liauds closely clasped before liim, and his head thrown back, resting on the cushion at the back of the seat, so that the soft light from the illuminated roof shone full on his upturned face. It was a beautiful face, soft as a woman's, very pale and worn with furrowed lines that tell of labour done and sorrow lived through. Here again I am conscious of thepossibiliiy of my impressions being moulded by my knowledge of facts ; but I fancy I see a great alteration since last I looked on Mr. Gladstone's face, now two years ago. It was far away from home here, in a big wooden building in a North Wales town. He was on a platform surrounded by grotesque men in blue gowns and caps, which marked high rank in Celtic hard ship, At the time he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow him, and president of a Ministry that thwarted all his steps. Ilis face looked much harder then, and his eye glanced restlessly round, taking in every movement of the crowd in the pavilion. Re seemed to exist in a hectic flush of life, and was utterly incapable of taking rest. Now his face, though still then, has filled up. The lines on his broij and under his eyes, though too deeply fur rowed to beeradicable, havebcen smoothed down, and there is about his face a sense of peace and a pleasant look or rest. Chiltern says that sometimes when the right lion, gentleman has been in the House this session he has during ihe pro gress of a debate momentarily sprung into his old attitude of earnest, eager at tention, and there have been critical mo ments when his interposition in debate has appeared imminent. But he has con quered the impulse, lain back again on the bench, and let the House go its own way. It is very odd, Chiltern says, to have him sitting there silent in the midst of so much talking.—' Gentleman's Jfaga A singular accident happened recently at Blackpool to a visitor named Walter Greenwood, a clerk employed by the Rochdale Canal Company at Rochdale. His wife used a needle in fixing some thing to liis front shirt. This needle, it appears, had got out of its position, and it penetrated the heart. Alarmed by the sensations it experienced, Greenwood ran to a surgeon, and the head of the needle was reached by incision, and the needle drawn out. The man, however, died be fore he could leave the surgery. The French Government intend to keep carrier pigeons in the various fortresses of the country, and have just obtained 400 of the best Belgian breeds, which will bo lodged in the first instance at the Jnrcin d'Acclimatation, in the Bois de Boulogne. A pigeon which was captured in a balloon during the siege of Paris, and sent by Prince Frederick Charles to his mother, has just escaped from captivity, and re turned to his former owner in the Boulevard Clichy, who has presented it to the Pigeonnier Militaire. Some diving operations have been go ing on in the Clyde with a vie w to lifting a steam lighter which had sunk, laden with guano and artificial manure. In this compost was found an extraordinary num - ber of big eels, five and six feel long, ami most capita! lisliing was enjoyed by those acquainted with the crannies of an engine and boiler, in which the eels had for.;id hiding places. _ On the 1st of April, as a train nearod 1/istowel, the engine driver spied a wo man ahead, standing on the <->'ack, lie shut off steam in much excitement, a. 1 just in lime. With the fireman he ri sim i to res- ne the misguided woman. A'r.3 S they found it was only a " dummy " which had pinned to its skirts " April Fool." Rx.w. D ..rxr-Ers.—A female applicant, appeared at the ofiite of the director of the poor, in Detroit, the other day, with a sad and anxious look, and on being asked what she wanted replied, " I'd like some money." "How much "Well, I can't say exactly ; how much do you generally givo out to them when they want to buy a bead belt." Jerrold had a favourite dog that fol lowed him everywhere. One day, in the country, a lady, who was passing, turned round and said audibly, " What an ugly little brute !" whereupon Jerrold address ing the lady, replied, " Oh, madam ! I wonder what he thinks of you at this mo ment." Scolding Woman (to Husband No. 2): " O'n, if you only knew the di.'leren: j between you, yon wretch, and my first husband !" Husband : "I do know the difference. He's happy now that he has left you, and I was happy before I got you." Aovxm ;:sg Exteao- :>ika —In large white letters upon the fencing of a Now York bmyiug-ground is inscribed 'he fol lowing notice :—" Use Jones's b.,-1 itcd ale if you want to keep out of here." He that makes others fear has in h?s turn more reason for apprehension thru liis victims. A great fire has occurred near Valencia, destroying 200 houses and rendering J00 families homeless. 