TERRIBLE CALAMITY AT HOLYOKE, ' 1 MASSACHUSETTS THE New Yorki-journals-of. May 29 contain details of the.-burning of theRoman Catholic church, at Holyoke, in Massachusetts, on the jfeaBt .of Corpus -Christi,. when a .hundred lives ipere.lost and the same number of ,perjonB. dreadfully .injured. . The Tribune, gives the following details of the catastrophe :— ."The;.congregation numbered about six hundred persons, the body of the building being well filled, and the galleries crowded:' The statue of the Yirgin on the right of the altar was decorated with flowers, and drajpery. At a quarter to. eight p.m. the hangings were set on fire .by the flaring of a candle, caused by a draught from an opten window. An attempt to extinguish the -flames, was made by -a young girl; but her shawl became ignited,.: and > the fire spread to the ' walls and J ceiling, which' were lined with tarred paper, and - soon;the entire ;buildingwas wrapped in flames. - The peTSonB in the galleries met the crowd- from the body :of the building at 'the -foot of the staircase, and: the passage became -clogged in -thergeneral effort-to obtain egress: - The firemen were; promptly in attendahoe^ The doorways then; were jammed with human- beings, who were trampled down by • the-pressure from . behiodi and tha flame* were shooting, out over*, mi-j WAGGA WAGGA EXPRESS, SAT head. The firemen immediately began playing upon the flames. In a short time the fire Was' extinguished; ihd the walls- Were pulled down in order'that the search 'for th6 dead might be prosecuted. More than "two thousand people had gathered- outside^of the fence whibh surrounded the schoolhouse, anxiously'waiting 1 foi- an opportunity. -to_ searoh among the dead bodies-for itheir missing friends. The scenein-the basement • where.ithe bodies' were placed-was sorrowiful in;the extreme.- The bodies, were so: disfigured an d -bl acken ed by s moke r that they were not easily recognisable, and the search among them was carried 'on amid the cries and. groans andlshrieks - of-those who had lost friends .-andrelations. Some -of - the charred -remains could not be identified: One of the most pathetic incidents of the dayj occurred when an offioer removed the. sheet from the. face'of a young girl. As he did .so he said, " that was the prettiest giri. in .the city;" but his remarks were interrupted by A shriek, for the girl's mother was just be-, hind, ancl iiad recognised the face, ,as. that; of her daughter. The hero of the disaster was John Lynch, a fireman, who was' the first to respond to the call. .. He describes the soene when he reached the burning church-as appalling. : Wedged tight and immovable in the doorways was a dense; mass, from .six feet'to eight feet in,height, ., of people,'.npne^ of them able to eiand.upright from the horrible pressure of the crowd behind,' w'hile over them a sheet of fire rolled like a wave, streaming far out into the open air. . Without a moment's pause to consider the danger, Lynch and Chief-engineer Mullins rushed into the flames, spurred on by the piteous cries of "for God's sake come and help us,'* and began pulling .out the bodies. A mo? ment later, arid a well-directed hydrantstream struck the brave rescuers,' and .undoubtedly . saved them from; being burned alive; The first persons drawn out were burning; but they passed directly through the stream of Water, and. the flames which were devouring them Were Extinguished. Some of the poor creatures fell fainting oir the long^flight of wobded steps leading into the street, and a few Were: able to walk, though not without considerable effort. By this time the entire fire department had arrived, and : worked with such energy and' Will that when' the fire was extingiiised only the charred wooden walls of the structure were standing. - They were then: pulled down in order, that a search for the .-bodies might be made. Only a few moments: elapsed after: the water struck the building belore the fire was out ; 'but the destruction of life during that brief .period and time was terrible. Som9 sprang from the gallery and were seriously injured. One person appeared at a window completely wrapned in flames,; and after,tottering there an instant fell to the ground dead, and unrecognisable. The work of . extricating the bodies; was sad indeed., The greater nnmber of them were found in the fatal-doorway; some of them burned to a cinder., The body,of one,woman was found in the seat she had occupied, her clothing entirely ..burned off her body. A stout woman was dragged screaming from the maas. She .was carried a short distance from the church and placed on the grass, while the flesh actually peeled off her, and in a moment she fell over dead. In some instances the features were distorted, as though extreme agony had been suffered before death ensued ; but many looked calm. All were blackened With smoke;' some were burned beyond' the possibility of identification, nothing remaining but the trunk." " LIXEBAUY PSBUDONYMS.—TheMay number of the Bookseller contains a list of the more prominent literary pseudonymhs from the time of Sir W. Scott to the present day. From this list we extract those adopted by the principal liying writers.'who use a " pen 1 ; name" :—A. L. O: E. by Miss Tucker; Azamat Batuk by Mr. N. L. Tbieblin; Bret Harte by Mr. C. B. Hart; Cavendish (who wrote on Whist) by Mr. H. Jones.; Captain Crawley (who wrote on Billiards) by ; Mr, G. F. Pardon; Cuthbert Bede by Rev. E. Bradley; Danbury Newsman by Mr. J. M. Bailey; Dod Grile by Mr. M. A. Bierce; Fanny Fern by Mrs. J. -Parton (sister to N. P. Willis); Felix Summerly by Sir H. Cole, K. C. B. ; George Eliot by Mrs; G. H. Lewes (ni* Evans);; Hans Breitmann by Mr. C. G. Leland : llosea Biglow, by Mr. Jas. R: Lowell; Ik. Marvell, by Mr. Donald G. Mitchell^ John Jorrocks by Mr. E. Surteea ; Josh Billings by Mr. A. W. Shaw; Mark Twain by. Mr. S. L.< Glemens ; Orpheus C. Kerr by Mr. Robert. H. Newell; Ouida by. Miss Louise -De la Ramee; Owen; Meredith by. the present Lord -Lytton; -Petroleum Y. Naaby by Mr. D. ;R. j Locke;; The Roving Englishman by the Hon. G. Murray; F. G Trafford by Mrs, J. Riddell. i r- , =,;.:.. THE YALXJE or ..TBEBS AS ABSOEBEOTS.— Mr. Richard Sadlier .says in a letter in: the Herald :—One. of- your correspeudents—Mr. Charles Thorne—has proposed;.the planting of the willow; as an absorbent of .water. No doubt the willow, ini.common.with- other, trees,.has this.property; but: my. experience has-been that when the ..roots reached wells they made the water stringent and undrinkable. Iu one instance, in Chelsea-street, I had to: out down -a splendid willow on this account; and I have known other'instances.- Better_,plant the eucalyptus globulus, which would serve not only the purpose of absorbtion, but medicate the atmosphere, so that every man may have the doctor, naturally qualified, at his own door. : Tbe wonderful' effect of trees may be instanced by two authentic cases. Near Bylong- there was a large fiat on a gentleman's estate, part of which bad been some years under wheat. :The -proprietor, however, ring-barked" the •forest and cut down the trees. 1 ThB conse- l quence was that the flat returned back to-its original- 1 condition^—a ' swamp. ' 'Neat the same place a man took up two 'forty-acre' selections between' the : hills. - 'He likewise ringbarked and cut down 'the- trees. 1 - 'The springs burst out -from the sides of the- hills,' and his farms became-a ! ^uagmire; J -No doubt many- other like instances'may be adduced. The question requires -to :.be investi ' gated;; which may be done'throughthesurveyor-general'a department,' without any additional cost, v' -Not only-the absorption by; trees, but -BISO "ithe chemical ichanges :they. effect-on the atmosphere^is most important;. The .indiscriminate;'.use -of rthei-axe. asjprov ducliverof great evil aa w^lhas destructiou of i.prop r erty;'-r-iIt.basrbecome ingrained into -our popnlation.^rlrxecently <soldta farm'.on whiob I.bad inuMed aiWWJ.of .trees along the road as shelter:to -aijoung orchard,.&c.; . The purchaser cUt( them .all down, and more pro-, voking: stilly he .rooted ont -sonie, croW8 jT.of bMk*t-filloW* that, J had imported r from tI l^i u Tr* > , i < ? £ ^ li I ^ J<j eil idee ei -s^ 'is " -ibq rt- A - URDAY, AUGUST 7, 187*. Tasmania and were flourishing. - 'How -little shelter is-left on our roads or inbnr fields for cat11 e;• how miserable' the' object -in our towns of-blank walls and of - pestilential vapours 'where -once • thej healthful -forest luxuriated'! - In some of •the ; states of. Ame?, rica they are obliged to plant once a year. May not some of the agricultural associations, and municipalities take np this question and; stay; as iar as possible, this mischief . whioh is indoctrinated into the minds of the people -—that trees jars doomed objects .of destruc-. -tion? Children.:, and schools- should be taught to appreciate them. • Near, towns, -however, timber is,now of value; but even there the destruction is wanton rand, wasteful. : In a fe w years more many of our .most .valuable trees will -be unknown,.'. Like, the', blacks theyj will, disappear before what (.is. termed ^civilization." The willow would be useful .where there' are, no wells, and'"no drain pipes. ,,Tbs eucalyptus globulus growsnear Oastlereagh and other low places. The Haymarket. and Parramatta-street would be excellent portions, of our' city for suo^i experiments. \- . " J "*" .' .*:. .. " TIIE FATHEB or PUBMO SICDOOLS ACT."—In an able letter to the S. M. Herald, the Rsv. James Greenwood points out that Mr. ParkeB's apt was nothing more than a transcript ofthe yiotorian act of 1862. The reverend gentleman thus concludes: — " I will leave it to your, readers to decide who is ejdiitie'd to the distinguished honour of being the Father of the . Public Sohools A6t. Tbere.is scarcely a clause in it that is not a copy of the act which has been four years in operation in Yictoria, 'with the exception of the direct ddhbrninatidnal legislation which was forced into our act. Not one trace of sectarianism appeats in the Yiotorian act, unless it be the provision that no two members of the board of education should : be of tbe same religious persuasions, a stipulation whioh might have been more legitimately inserted in our act; w'ere it not that government had ho business to take cognizance of these religious differences in,any way whatever. I unhesitatingly pronounce this act of 1862 to be superior to our own on most points of difference; Yet iin.Yiotoria it has become obsolete, while -our legislators, are still of opinion that a still worse.: and more illiberal act is :the incarnation of .infallible wisdom." • THE WIDOW or PSESEDEOT Lisoonx.-—Mrs. Lincoln, the widow of President Lincoln, has been brought-before an influential jury ,at Chiciago in order that her .sanity might .be tested. Her son, Mr. Robert Lincoln, gave evidence, and said he did not consider it safe to allow her to remain, unrestrained any longer.. ;Sher^had been of unsound mind since the death of her husband, and had not been responsible 'for her actions for ten years. The'jury haying heard all the-evidence,; declared Mrs. Lincoln to be insane. According to a statement in the Chicago Times, Mrs. Lincoln attempted on the following day to poison herself. Escaping from surveillance, she.applied to a druggist for a mixture of laudanum and camphor, ostensibly. for neuralgia. He gave her a harmless mixture which she took. On finding that it had no effect, she endeavoured to obtain more, 'but this was prevented. Iu the afternoon she was removed to ah asylum. * .RELIGIOUS FANATICISM.—The body of a young girl was found last week in an oven in the house at Bagneres,-in France, where she was a servant. . It was at first believed that a murder-had been committedbut from the post mortem 'examination and a; strict judicial' investigation which took place it "appeared that she was a "victim of an extraordinary religious hallucination. She had been worked to such a state of fanaticism by the recital of the legend of Saint Colobe, who was said to have thrown herself into an oven and by that means had her soul transformed into a dove; which was placed on the ! spire of a church in Rome, that the unfortunate girl Tesolued to imitate this act. She appears to: -h&ve; risen in the middle of the- ;nijght, ri and having lit an immense' fire in the oven threw herself into it, and she was of . course soon burnt to death. Several days bofore her immolation she had distributed her 'clothes among her friends; saying she was going to; enter a convent and had no further ueed of: her finery. J TUB GRENADIER GUARDS.—The 1st Regi-: inent of British Household, Infantry—known generally as the Grenadier' Guards—has :a history of more than two centuries.; It has been the nucleus;of the army which has placed on - its - standards Blenheim and. Waterloo, and has:been for -many years the oldest body.of its kind io.theworld. .While in -the changes of buman things, its noblest and-moat /renowned antagonists, the Mais.on du Roi, the- Gardes Fran^aises, and, .chief of, allj the Old' Guard of-Napoleon, have become mere traditions andshadows, it still flourishes, in -undecaying .vigour, and links the glories.; of the present with the past. THE LAST WORD.—The last word is the' most dangerous , of -infernal . machines. Husband and wife ..should no more fight to get it than .they, - would struggle for the possesion of a lighted bomshell. Married, people should -study each other's .weak, points, as skaters look out<for.the weak parts of the ice' in order tojkeep off them. -Ladies who marry for love should remember that the.union of' angels with women bas been forbidden .since' the flood. The wife is the sun of the social system. Unless she axtraots, there is toothing to keep heavy bodios, like husbands, from flying into space. The wife who would properly discharge duties must never have a' soul above trifles.- Don't trust too much to good temper when'-you- get -into an argument.' Sugar • is ! the- -substance most universally; diffused 1 through-all natural products.: Let married people take hint from this provision' of nature. • -- . . . ' 1 A TEHOTBLK- POSITION;—Says -the; North Goulburn'Advertiser ^Victoria), as the mail-' man'Of the line Jrom Seymour; to Rusworth Was proceeding to the former place; he >over- 'took' a 'swagman, who. asked a question or: two about the route he wished' to pursue. The desiredi information was given; and the coateh'pursued its way. -On tne returnunext day,'the driver; and passengers were <conr; scious ofihearing screams., .;TheTpassengers at once-alighted,, and .proceeded io the direction of the sound, which apparently proceeded from the vicinity of -a burning tree. To their, horxor, on approaehmg tho.- place, t<they<»aw-a®iian-und«r.a fallen tree which -vras blazing at the stem within a^yard .or-.-tw-o ftf the poor wretchjs head. - By .a,dint of great exertion-ihe- 'W-as .Tescuedr.irom-ihis -fearful position and -placcd carefully in ; the coach. -The-driver: recognised in the ..poor sufferer, the Bifagman who. had accosted ' bim on the previousday, -It?wou)d appear th»t.Jie, had 1 w^j^d^Uwtio^ tree, which liadap^enily \- - .,! (1 _ I, T a safe jda^'^giw eoi.^ rs often answered the purpose of a camp fire. His blankets were found alongside. In the morning he hadi'probably prooeeded jto -'-boil his billy at the burning tree;. but it- was nBed for-camp: purposes onoe. too often. .It fell, threw him prostrate, :and pinned him to-the earth, with the heat of the blaze beating on. Jiis bead, and gradnally.increasing in -intensity as the fire crept onwards towarda him.; It is feared that bis back is broken. The fearful 'agony of his situation rendered intelligent responseto questions an- impossibility.; His screams .continued in the ooach^ his eyes intermittently blazed with the frightful terror of.that approaching fire, and the hor^., ror of the situation from whioh he bad been saved was too>.viyid]y impressed on.his .mind', to render the faot of his salvation.a fact at^ all to bis mind. ^CaAcx . SHooTiNa.-—A Kansas farmer .parchased a revolver -for his wife, and .insisted on target praotibe so that she might be able to defend the honse in his absence. , After the bullet was dug put the, cow buriedj he said- be guessed Bne'd: better shoot with an axe. V A few weeks ago we noticed at some length an impudent book entitled Wanderings in the Interior of New Guinea. Although some of tbe statements it contained would ' have • done ,rio discredit to Baron Munchausen, it imposed upon several of the London papers. The Standard spoke of it in the most enopmiastio terms; and the AcadiBmy, a publication exclusively devoted to literature, science, and ait, :pronounoed it to be "one of the most remarkable books of travel that have appeared for some time," and hoped the author would soon be sufficiently well to read a paper before the Royal Geographical Society or some similar body. Bat the less credulous Athenmum detected the imposition and Exposed it.- ; Nothing daunted, the author, Captain John A. Law- son, retorted on his reviewer that be'knows nothing whatever about New Gainea, arid pointed triumphantly to the fact that " one of the principal daily newspapers bas not hesitated to aver its oonfidehce in the-trutli- .fulness of my narrative." The Athenteum rejoined by .inviting CaptainLawson to confound it by producingthe skin of the tiger " marked with black and .distinct 'SnpeeOn a white or nearly white ground," which he -says he succeeded in bringing to Europe. .It :is scarcely necessary to add that Captain Lawson has deolined the invitation, and has not presented himself to the Royal Geographical, Society i hut on the 3rd of June last he received a.final ," squelching " in Nature by Mr. A. R. Wallace, the well-known naturalist, who spent some years in the Malay Archipelago. That gentleman declares that Captain Lawson's " wanderings" are not only .fictitious, but that they are clumsily so ; for " lie is so totally ignorant of the geography and the natural history of the country he pretends to have explored, and so completely unacquainted with the exigencies of travel and exploration in traokless equatorial forests, as to crowd his pages with incidents totally unlike any that occur to the 1 actual explorer, and with facts altogether opposed to some of -the best established concltisiohs of physical geography.'' These allegations Mr. Wallace proceeds to sustain, and thus effectually disposes of 'this audacious traveller's ' storyi" For the 1 time to come, perhaps, reviewers will be a little more cautious about accepting 1 romances like those of Captain Lawson for-genuine records of discovery in untrodden lands.—Melbourne Argus. • A shocking accident occurred on the North- 1 Eastern railway, about half a mile from Templeton-Btreet crossing, on Saturday night the : Ovens and Murray Advertiser reports, by which a man named Thomas Chenorth, a line repairer, lost his life through being run over by the 'evening train.: His body, was terribly mutilated, his right foot cut off, his head smashed and separated from: his body, and -his left thigh , broken. Sixteen; yards from where his body Was found lay a portion :of. his skull, the brains being scattered over tthe rails. Near this was.a bottle containing: beer. It is supposed that the unfortunate man was the worse for drink.. : An inquest was held before Dr. .Miller, coroner, and a verdict returned to the effect that the deceased was accidentally killed through,-being run over by a railway tr.ain. . . " A system is pursued in San Francisco," the B.aUarat Courier states, " which might b.e extended to all. other towns in the world to the great advantage .of the public. Some months:since Mr. Charges.Dyte received a letter, from San 'Francisco containing .the following., noiioer on the outside of the envelope 'This letter was posted with in-' sufficient; stamps.; The extra stamps have, been affixed, and you are requested to forward the same to box 294, post-office,. San Franrcisco, in order that the same, courtesy may be-extended to-other parties.' The letter came from his' sister, so Mr. Dyte wrote -back requesting that lady to make good the deficiency, if the ; notice . was genuine. By the last Californian mail Mr. Dyte has received a reply, stating that the notice was written in perfect faith, and that its.appearance was due to the Christian Young Men's Association of San:Francisco, which, amongst other-good works, obtains a list periodically of all the insufficiently stamped letters in the San' Francisco post-office, and makes good the deficiency ; the authorities per- 'mitting the members to paste a small piece -of paper on the envelopes containing the above words. " A branch of the society^ would find'good work 1 to do in a number of other towns besides San Francisco." • ^ . Mr.-PlimsolPs name seems to have' been, out of-sight to -a; great extent lately,"but it crops ' np again in the papers; now- with' renewed force. Whether actuated by feelings of-true philanthrophy, or whether these feelings are dashed'with-a strong infusion ofa desire for -notoriety,- we will inot discuss, for there is the fact that the work Mr. .Plim-; Soil is-doing: is: a gfeat one, and that it will have its after-effects upon.-the marine iof:- our: nation for good there.cannot be a-doubt. As • for himself, he has cut- his name-deeply sin the- tablet of time, and it will he. many generations-before .it la ,erased: -He must have risen up like an avenging ghost; before, the ayes ofthose owners whose .-conscience pricked themifor sending nnseaworthy iTessels afloat—vessels of which nothing' more.had -beenheard..- Tont Mr. Plimsolls,campaign lis. not, to .grpw rusty, was,. thoroughly I exemplified :at,a .mee.tii3g-|a.toly held at Exeter, j Hall, . which WAS densely crowded: in,every .j jiart^and the speeches were most enthusias- !-tic, - Mr. . Pliaiso'l'sj .plan now,,Js,'to .send ..a paragraph, .^p. sthe... mprning papers, ;anr ; nouocmg..the .-loss of any vessels posted at . Lloya's,. „ and .the vappeaTanpe of ihess paragraphs is hr too frequent, r , , ' ' *- 1 1 Captain; Riohmond, Cardiff on J^ voyage from killed the tain's life, suicide. Th .Good Friday Thesteward attacked th Horst, with ingtheoabi abling him heard by th on deck. Mossu, but fasten him derofthe top of _ tbe. ' tempts were Seeing esoap by'cutting h the exe. about two was found rightjawWai nearly cut oaQtain had blood. A. oojfdd not b weathiOTcatn removed be death ensue tbe deep, mixed natio only British known in th Atelegrai 10, states th whioh has on her Toya belonging Bennett, of Yioksburg lnt Qaebeo on May 27, ^ 'with.' twenty-eight passengers and -eixty. oreir. Encountering: ioe, - she: was storein;.-«n<l '<foundered on June 1. The boat'whioh has been picked up and two others; containing ^ about forty ^ persons, were; auocessfally« launched, but parted company at nights The men picked up are James Crawley, .-boat- •- swain's mate, of London; Thomas O'Brien,. of Liverpool; Patrick Grogad, John Wil- - liams, and Jonas Wilkeman. ' They. say - that Captain Bennet, with forty otbers, went-:> down with steamer. They suffered severely ^ from exposure, but are doing well. -„ , . I really hope it isn't true; but I. am bound to say that thewriter is of good orediV and sent me the story from London by last mail. A party of Australians, he says, went down to the Derby in a good turn-out; ; but '. they were preposterous : enough to take with them a flag having an eagle-like bird thereon and four stars. Coming back—having, probably, been critically and persistently ex- - amining "three stars "—their banner with the strange device was flourished about in a - most defiant manner. - But if they sucoeeded ! in nothing else, they amused those; returning by the road. " What on earth have these fellows-got on the .flag?"'asked Captain Sangbleu. " Don't you know ?"' said Downright, who had a cousin in the Melbourne treasury; "that's an emy, and they're Australians." " Emu be hanged!" growled Jack Yerjuice, "it's a-goose, and they're tailors." — iiEgles in the Australasian. '•'••: Here is something for those dismal persons who are always abusing the colonies—but still abiding with us—to grumble still. A . friend of mine advertised in London, theother day for an assistant bookkeeper, at- a stated salary of £150 per annum. How many applicants,-think you> had he? No less than 12801 Surely this is a significant fact, and one that should induce some local malcontents noito'think so badly of colonial salaries. . How ia a clerk in London to live ^ respectably on £150, .and pay double Melbourne prices for beef and mutton ? If married, where are the little boots and shoes to come from?—-33gles in-the Australasian. It is said that a certain Yankee hostess, . . whose table is noted for uniformity of dishes,: ; has a ; brisk daughter who electrifies her : ma's boarders with-the following parody,- . : sung to an accompaniment on a new piano :•< While beefsteaks and venison cost lots of cash, be it ever so gristly there's ^nothing like hash; the scrapings, and leavings, of no - use elsewhere, when mixed altogether make excellent fare. Hash, r'haBh, good meat hash, be it ever so gristly there's nothing like hash I. A stranger, from home hotels dazzles in -vain: O give me oheap eatingbouse food that's more, plain, and ;tbe..waiter who gaily re-echoes my call, for a.nice plate of hash or a single fish-ball!" ,, r It will be remembered that- some months ago we made mention of a Madame Albert tine, an American aotress, who fox about fourteen years bad been an Inmate of the Ballarat benevolent, asylum. in consequence of having lost her sight. The circumstanoes of ber case became known to Mr. Stuart O'Brien, who communicated with Mr. Adamson, the American.consul, and the American l : war-ship Swatara being .at. that :time'ia Hobson's Bay, the. commander of the vessel kindly consented to take Madame. Albertine back to the United States. - A sum of monay was also collected for her, r ohiefly through. : Mr. O'Brien's efforts. Her arrival in her • native country apparently exoited' considerable surprise, for she had long been'wrnsi-' dered lost, and' was, in'fact, regarded as : probably dead.- By'the Amerioan mailjuit , received she has Written to Mr;* O'Brien, ''-• and speaks in wMm terms of gratitude of: v the '-service thus rendered to-ber,' - -for 1 she - 1 had long-given appall hopes of ever leaving Australia. As a matter of course, < as soon' ' as she arrived Bhei was visited by repreten- - tatives of the newspapers,- and her history as therein detailed has quite a- -jromantio oharacter. - The .theatrioal profession; : she '-> says, has r.been extremely kind to ber, and though there is little hope of her over being restored to sight, she -has the eatisfaction 'of feeling that she will end - her days among her friends and in ber native land. Some yonng -folks were being instrncted in the history of Balaam's ass, and among r them - the offspring of a costermonger. -When the class was asked what remarks it bad to offer upon the affair, the. obstinacy of the animal, - &c-;, r^' well," observed this lad, " all -I have to say is that feyther .would bave made him go." , , . Why is a beefsteak like a r locomotive : Beoause it's not ,much -aoeount without it's tender. £ : ; What man jmust have his glass.before he . can do a day's work A glazier i. * . The Danbury jNews .sajs.-that^.Ixmdon overflows with T courts that seem to oomm^e nowhere atid end aomewhete nut 