THE BOAKDING-OUT SYSTEM I If SCOTLAND. Now that the subject of the boarding out of destitute children is exciting some adverse com ment, the subjoined extract, appearing in the Liverpool Mercury, from a report on the subject by Mr. Daniel Kemp, Governor of the Edin burgh Poorhouse, will be read with interest:— Mr. Kemp writes:—" I have been Governor of the Edinburgh City Poorhouse for 18 years, having been for the previous 12 years Master of an English Workhouse. The system of boarding out was first acted on in this parish in 1846, and having proved a complete success has been followed ever since. When I came to my present position in January, 1857, I can assure you I felt the greatest disappointment when I found that the children were not reared in the house. I then thought the plan of boarding out must be a mistaken one, and did not hesitate to say so. But after going occa sionally with the Inspector on some of his rounds 1 saw the children in their homes and schools, and after watching the working of the system I have been led to the conclusion that th9 plan pursued here is the best for pauper children. We have on the average 300 children boarded out, not with friends or relations, but with care fully-selected, respectable oottagers in the sur rounding villages; and having seen this going on now for upwards of 18 years, 1 have great pleasure in assuring you that the children thus reared do cot return to pauperism, but merge into the industrial and rural population. There is paid for the board of each child about 3s. per week, and, in addition, we furnish clothing (which is not a uniform, and has no stamp), and pay for school-books, fees, and any medical relief. The total annual cost of each child is about £10. [In contrast to this it may be men tioned tbat at a meeting of the Guardians of the City of London Union, February 9, 1875, it was stated that each child belonging to that Union in the district schools cost 14s. 5d. per week, or £S7 per annum; that is nearly as much as four of the Edinburgh children.] The chil dren are visited by the Inspector in charge of them at regular and irregular intervals. He pays their board eight times a year. During the summer the Managers or Guardians, in paities of three or four at a time, and without notice sent, f iaii tha children at their cottage homes and schools, and thus by personal in spection see that all is well. My own impression is that the success which has followed the boarding-out system is intimately connected with this systematic and persistent inspection. No 'Oliver Twist* can arise when such close inspection is regularly followed out. You are aware that a kind of boarding-out system was to some extent attempted in England in former years, but through want of inspection on the part of those charged with the well-being of the children the system was abused, and hence failed. It must surely be the ghost of this defunct system that is haunting Mr. Tufnell, and which has led him to cry out so loudly against the plan so long and so successfully followed here, but of which he evidently knows little.'" The Committee to whom the report was pre sented add:—"It may be remarked that boarding out has been found to be just as successful in various parts of England as in Scotland. In the few instances where it has failed this has been in consequence of a want of provision for regular or frequent inspeation. Where many children are hoarded out in a dis trict a paid officer or Inspector is desirable in addition to a voluntary Committee of Visitors." The Mercury says" As to Scotland, it may also be observed that, collaterally with the adoption of the boarding-oat system, pauperism in general has diminished. In 1869 the number of paupers in receipt of parish relief was105,000. In 1874 it was only 90,000, although, meanwhile, the population has increased from 3,062,000 to 8,360,000. 