NOTES &. COMMENTS. .1 fancy the Colonial Office in Downing-street, which used to be looked upon as somewhat of a sinecure, is .getting to be about the liveliest of all the Ministerial ^departments. What with Canada, Central Africa, 4he Cape colony, Fiji, New Guinea, and now New South Wales, the Earl of Carnarvon has had enough on his hands to prevent his dying of ennui since his accession to power. Of the last-mentioned case there ?are various opinions, and perhaps I can summarise them without descending, or ascending, into tne region of high or profound politics — whichever term ?m&j; be most fitting. It was a mistake, say some of the political magi, not to appoint the Acting-Governor ?during the absence of Sir Hercules, and his Excel lency ought not to have given Mr. Parkes a chance of Immbling the pride of his former rival. But a still igraver mistake was committed by Sir James Martin in his subsequent correspondence with his Excel lencv. ' Unparalleled impropriety and bad taste ' imight not be too strong a description of one of those letters — only Sir Hercules Robinson might have had the generosity to let the documents which he had sent home speak for themselves. In the opinion of the Secretary for the Colonies, the most .serious mistake was that the Chief Justice should appear to dishonour the Queen's commission and service by refusing to give advice to her representative because of the independence of his position. Such =are the chief points which I hear discussed with con siderable warmth, and with no little party bias. Shall we ever have done with that bete noir, the ex- convict, -whom a merciful Government permitted to retire across the Pacific. He is the veritable 'ancient mariner,' perpetually arresting somebody to hear an involuntary rehearsal of his exploits. This time it 'was the Earl of Carnarvon who was the 'one of three,' and now we have the whole correspond ence again in our local papers. Can nobody slay this political ghost, and a few more which are haunting the precincts of Parliament? In common with some thousands of my fellow ?citisens, I went to the Hebrew bazaar last week ; ?and if the goods were not merely commission articles, but genuine gifts to the Synagogue, there ?can be no doubt about the financial success of the -enterprise. Will it appease Mr. Nelson to learn that more than half of the visitors and purchasers were, or professed to be, Christians ; and on one evening I noticed two or three Protestant ministers there. One of them was making purchases, and between him and a lady of the party the following conversation en sued:— Lady : ' My dear Mr. ? , do you know that ?every penny you spend will go towards building a Jewish synagogue!' Minister: 'Yes, madam, I think it verv likely, unless a great number of people have been*' Jewed1 out of their money.' Lady: *? But how can you, as a Christian minister, whose duty it is to convert Jews and Gentiles to Christianity, actually contribute funds to build a Jewish syna gogue ?' Minister : ' Well, ma'am, I put it in this yraj : This -wife of mine wants certain articles. There is no doubt in the world I shall have to buy them ; and as she tells me she can get them as good and cheap in this shop as in any other in Sydney, and also asked me as a special tavour to bring her here to have a look round, I see no reason in the world why I ?should not buy at Mrs. H ? 's stall here just as soon as at Mr. H— — 's in Pitt-street. If I had bought of Mr. H ? part of the profits of the transaction would have gone to the Hebrew Synagogue. Most likely, Mrs. H — - will give the whole for that . purpose ; but that is no business of mine. People who are born into this world have a tight to live, if they are willing to earn an honest living, no matter whether they are Jews, Christians, or Heathens ; .and when I want a servant, or go into a shop, I hold that it would be impertinent for me to inquire about the religious profession of those with whom I have to : deal. My wife tells me that these Jewish ladies have given her fair value for her money; and as there appears to be no restriction to the law, * ITiou shalt lo\ethy neighbour as thyself,' there appears to me to be no reason why I should not deal with them as soon as with anybody else.' That is the substance of the conversation, though not a verbatim report ; but I am satisfied those who were present will neither betray my nom de plume nor dissent from my report. PerhapB I shall be pardoned for mentioning another little incident in the same place, of a different character. A gentlemen, or, rather, some ladies who were with him, had been malting purchases at several stalls. Coming to the end of the room, the gentle man went up to a bright, happy-looking, and intelli gent young lady, who was one of the belles of the bazaar, and said, ' My dear Miss ? , I am almost sorry to take away so many attractions from your bazaar as these ladies with me must have been, and the goods they have purchased; but looking along the room and resting here as a climax1' (with a gallant glance at the fair face before him), ' I am reconciled to such an act of vandalism, because I am profoundly sensible that I am leaving here still some of the most beautiful and irresistible attractions to be found in all New South Wales.' Now, it struck me that this was an exceedingly well-turned compliment ; and it was received with such a pleased, yet demure look, on the part of the young lady to whom it was ad dressed, that I felt sure she was either very modest, or well accustomed to such compliments, or most likely both. Under the management of such accom plished saleswomen, no wonder that goods went off briskly; and I think it likely that other articles were transferred besides those lying on the crowded stalls. . Among the Government documents by which Mr. Robertson attempted to support his financial state ment was one bearing the following heading: ' Rough statement of certain expenditure included in the Estimates-in-chief for 1876 considered fairly charge able to the estimated receipts from land sales during the same year, as calculated to increase the value of our landed estate, and of course its selling price.' Of all Government documents, this is the most extraordinary that I ever met with. It is too serious a matter to be treated in a brief note of mine, and I will be content with calling attention to one item in it. The sum of £100,000 is put down to the land revenue for ' purchase of sites and erection of build ings for Public schools !' To charge this expenditure to the lands revenue may be very proper, though if we had no land revenue, that would be no reason for letting the children grow up in ignorance. In Vic toria and elsewhere, the education fund is supple mented by charges on the public estate. But my point is this : More than a fortnight ago Mr. Docker, the Minister of Public Instruction, laid on the table of the Council certain new regulations framed by the Council of Education, and which, unlesB challenged and disallowed by Parliament within a month from the date of their introduction, will become law. '.- Perhaps the most important of these regulations is No. 14, which says, ' Where the site is vested in the Council, the necessary building for a Public school will be erected, so far as the avail able funds admit, and the salaries of all necessary teachers be paid by the Council.' Here the whole point at issue between the Council and the educa tional reformers is evaded. The latter insist that the Council should take power to build schools, site and all included, wherever there are a sufficient number of children to be educated, whether the local resi dents apply and vest a site in the Council or not. Most likely those most in need of education will be the very last to apply for it ; and the Department of Education ought to have the power of initiation, and not want to be set in motion by a local application. And here wr have the singular anomaly that one de partment of Government claims a certain expenditure of money for 'the purchase of sites for Public schools,' and the department directly concerned with that expenditure claims no power of making it. The sooner the Executive Council looks into this matter the better; for the policy of obstruction and laissezfaire has reigned long enough. It is not very creditable to representative institu tions to know too much of the way in which elections are managed. Last week I was away from Sydney, in a constituency which has at the present time about 600 electors. One of the candidates, who resides within the electorate, and who represents it still in Parliament, bitterly resented the opposition of some of his fellow-townsmen, as if he had a vested right in their votes. To one of them he called out, in a public meeting, ' That psalm- singing fellow there ! how dare he oppose me ?' So it is clear that one qualification of a 'free and independent elector' in this country is, that he must never sing psalms. But there was another opponent, who was a publican, and not sup posed to be particularly addicted to psalm-singing. This 'free and independent elector' was also apostrophised. 'I'll show you what it will cost you to oppose me!' Accordingly, this worthy legislator opened a new road through his pri vate property, as a nearer cut to the railway station, so that traffic might be diverted from the house of the opposing publican, as a penalty for his daring to oppose the illustrious hereditary member. The point of the whole is, that the public have not yet acquired right of way ; and as I passed along this very road I was told that it was being resumed by the donor, because he considers himself now secure in his seat, and he does not wish to punish either ' psalm-singing fellows' or refractory publicans by a too generous sacrifice of his own property. I have only one thing more to say : Don't be in a hurry to identify him, for I have given neither his name nor his constituency, and it is not unlikely that retribution will overtake him next election, whenever that may come. Perhaps the day of reckoning may not be so far distant as most people imagine. We were quite safe in making Parliaments triennial, for it is rarely that the elective branch lasts so long. Whether this will be an exception to the rule will soon be made manifest, for the leader of the Op position has at length ventured to ' table a 'critical resolution. The immigration policy of the Govern ment and their proposed railway extension from Sydney to Wollongong, and from Junee to Narran dera, are to be distinctly challenged by vote of the House. Whether the defeat of this policy would be followed by the resignation of the Ministry is ' one of those things that no fellow can find out,' as out American cousin would say. But that Ministers will, be defeated on this point I have no doubt — on the one essential condition, that every vote shall represent the conscientious conviction of him who gives it, so far as the simple merits of the question go. ^ There are, however, many more things to be considered— rcon- 6cientiously, of course. If Mr. Parkes has the right to claim the support of his followers, ' even when he is wrong,' for the sake of other measures in which he is right, why should not Mr. Robertson also claim this privilege? Some people profess to be scep tical as to the motives of the honorable 'membarfw East Sydney in regard to 'troth immigration and the Wollongong railway. I heard bis great speech, on the financial statement and recollect that he told the House how much opposed he was to the extension of the railway into Sydney, though he supposed it would be carried. Therefore, like a skilful tactician, he has left out of his resolution this part of the Government programme, and challenged just the two points on which he may get a majority of votes. Bat if he is so anxious to introduce population into the country, ? how comes it that his Government spent ' only £17,000 for this purpose, when they had £28,880 more at their disposal ? Then, is there really any meaning in the return moved for by Mr Dangar, showing that Messrs. Parkes and Sutherland have become lessees, during the last four years, of no less than 3126 acres of mineral hinds in the Illawarra district ? — a larger area than that taken up by all other leaseholders put together. I do not say that there is any particular connection between the facts of this return and the honorable member's .opposi tion; but if there should be, the follow ing words uttered by Mr. Parkes in. the speech referred to, and which appeared to strike honor able members as a particularly good hit, were exceed ingly daring. Referring to the statement, in a pamphlet recentlv issued by Government, that the new South Coast failwav would pass the entrance to a certain projected mine, he said, 'What I complain of is, that the Minister has made no mention of a railway to go past my mine.' This statement was received with roars of laughter, and I noticed that the mem bers laughed with rather than -U the speaker. Some how, this was really the most telling point in the whole speech, and I am still waiting for the key to its appropriateness and meaning. Mr. Russell is to be congratulated on his recent meteorological exposition, if the colony is not on its probable prospects. If we are likely to have a drought till January or . February, nothing could better prepare us for meeting the triol than some definite idea of the extent of the calamity. Almost invariably, with man's battle with nature, ' to be forewarned is to be forearmed.' It is apparently eight 'years since our last serious drought, and, according to Mr. Russell's precedents, this is a longer immunity than usual. I was the moye struck with this paper of the astronomer, from its coincidence with some information given me by a squatter in the far West. He told me, some weeks since, that he had sold out some of his stations, because he was sure a drought was imminent. ' If we do not get one every four or five years, we feel tolerably certain we shall have it the next year* or the year after, and most of us prepare accordingly. We have plenty of grass reserved on our runs ; the only doubt is as to whether the water will holdout.' Whether he fairly repre sents the pastoral tenants generally, I cannot tell ; but it is something to find science and experience agreeing in showing us what the great desideratum of this colony is, and, by inference, how that desideratum should, be supplied. The lessons of the past and the danger of the present indicate clearly that neither pains nor expense should be spared in storing up an ample supply of water all over the country. 