DIARY OF A JOURNEY FROM SOUTHAMPTON TO HONGKONG, VIA NORTH AMERICA AND JAPAN, August asd Septthbeb, 1873. [The following interesting journal was kept by a lady, the wife of a gentleman holding an official position in connection with the English Government at Hong kong. It describes in a graphic and an interesting manner the incidents of a journey from England to Hongkong in 1873, by way of Hew York, Chicago, the Salt Lake, San Francisco, and Japan. We believe our readers will be interested in its perusal.] August 6,1873. North-German Lloyd steamship Weser.—This is Wednesday, and I can hardly believe that only a week yesterday we left Southampton. Hitherto our voyage has been but a dismal affair. When it has not rained furiously, we nave been struggling through the water, against a fierce headwind, all the horizon blotted out with a thicker mist than it wa3 almost possible for me to imagine previously—a mist that permeated every thing, so that one's clothing, the ship's furniture, all was clammy and unpleasant to touch. I was desperately sick too, and even poor Ed. was ill for two or three days. I think the climax of misery and discomfort was reached on Sunday last. Monday I was better, though the weather, if possible, was worse. Yesterday was terrible, pouring rain almost all day, so that we all wandered about, damp and miserable, like disconsolate ghosts. Towards evening, to our infinite joy, the rain ceased, and about 9 p.m. Ed. lured me on deck, saying that it was really "not bad." Soup we went, thoroughly shod and wrapped up, and after a few vigorous turns up and down, crept into the funny little sort of covered alcove the kind captain had ordered, feebly warbled out the duet of " Little Dun keld," and eventually went below, all the better for the mild excitement. This morning 'tis something glorious, the horizon line is as clear and distinct as possible. Tiny patches of blue are sprinkled here and there over the sky ; the sea is a deep sapphire color, and our spirits are many degrees higher than they were yesterday. Ed. and I have been striding up and down the deck, and then stood for a long while at the stern, watching our vessel's wake—lovely ; a delicate soft blue, creaming oil into the purest white foam. " He maketh a path to shine after him ; one would think the deep to be hoary ! " We have also been amusing ourselves with chatting to one of our first-class passengers, a gentleman trading in the wild beast line! His baggage consists of three young elephants, two lions, two tigers, three leopards, several young llamas, and about two thousand birds, chiefly I canaries. I was somewhat appalled to [ learn the nature of his luggage, but Ed. comforts me by saying that where they are confined they would have to eat their way through all the third and second class passengers before they could get to us. This gentleman says he supplies all the travelling menageries in America. His chief customer is Barnum, who has | the largest travelling collection in the world. Animals constantly travelling I about thus in collections die much sooner [ than those animal aristocrats, so to speak, who "live at home at ease" in Zoological Gardens, consequently their numbers constantly want replenishing; and as there are but few competitors in such a business, he makes a very good thing of it. So do those who exhibit them; in deed, he say3 Barnum is worth £5,000,000 or £6,000,000 (query dollars ?) but no doubt this is a little bit of American brag. Almost all the canaries that he. or others sell are reared in the Hartz Mountains. The original birds came from the Canary Islands, but are never such good singers as their descendants, which, by (careful intermarriage with larks, nightingales, &c.;, &c.;, far eclipse their ancestors in vocal powers, while retaining all their beauty of plumage. From these young ones no song will be heard for some time ; but when they begin they will at once " break forth into singing," and repeat the mother tongue. This month begins the season for selling them, and it will continue until May, during which time he sells on the average from 60,000 to 70,000 birds. W e have walked to the other end of the ship to see the various wild creatures ; but all save the elephants were so closely nailed down and Darred, that our curiosity was by no means grati fied. The baby elephants had much of the playfulness of childhood (!) about them, making a funny little noise as we spoke to them, and pushing out their baby trunks to be patted. The poor things were quite. sea sick, we hear, during the first few days, while " the sea J wrought and was tempestuous," and they [ had every.excuse for being so, I'm sure. I forgot to say our wild beast friend says he has agents all over the world, and they penetrate into all sorts of barbarous countries, " only they don't make the fuss about it that these exploring fellows do." By next mail he expects a con signment of giraffes from Africa. This is dear old Aunt L.'s birthday, and we have been wishing her every possible good thing. 8 th.—We have been down this morn ing to look at the 1,700 little canaries which are fellow-passengers with us— such pretty creatures, each having a cage to itself, with it3 little earthen jar for water, and its seed-pan. The twittering, and chirping, and fluttering were quite bewildering at first. Two such consign ments, the same number or larger, go to New York twiceaweek during the season, I and two men are employed on each steamer simply to attend to them. Their apartment is over the boiler, so that it is warm enough to remind them of their native groves. I was interested to go through the sleeping places for the steerage passengers—huge shelves or trays, arranged to hold eight, and not looking by any means uncomfortable, only very warm. Large doors divide the compart ment for the women and children from that of the men. This day is not plea-, sant; so much wind, and we are neither of us feeling well. We have really had I but one fine day since we left, and to morrow we hope to be in New York. There is a good band on board, and some of the passengers are musical ; still we shall be very glad when this first stage of our journey is over. I have finished Dorabgee's sofa cushion to-day, and it looks very handsome. A baby has been born to-day amongst the steerage pas sengers. New York, St. Nicholas Hotel, Broad way, August 11.—Here we are, comfort ably and happily established, I am thank ful to say. We got through the Custom House most pleasantly, and yet we had so dreaded it, for all the passengers who had visited it previously spoke most strongly of its delays and discomforts. However, a most agreeable man attended to us at once, who gave a very cursory search, taking our word that we had no thing dutiable, and hardly giving us all the information we wanted. Within half an hour, I should think, we were seated in a comfortable carriage, and having sent on our luggage, were driving towards New York, crossing the Hudson on the floating bridge. At first we were not favorably impressed, the streets were horribly uneven, and the houses shabby and dirty. This, however, was the old part, and as soon as we got to the new, a wonderful change was perceptible. The houses are, as a rule, most noble build ings, six or seven stories high, built of brown, or red, or white stones, pricked out in some other color. In many of the streets rows of trees are planted, and these—many of them being acacias— remind us very much of Singapore, especially as a little vehicle is in use, wonderfully like the gharries. Our driver was a very pleasant and com municative man, and gave us a good deal of information. The St. Nicholas is one of the best hotels here, and we find everything in first-rate style. It is enormously liarge. Our bedroom is No. 250, yet it.is on the first floor. We can go up and down to it in an elevator, and thus avoid the long passages. Our bed room is most comfortably furnished, with velvet couches and chairs, hot and cold water, taps, &c.; A large jug of water, with lumps of ice, stands all day long in the room. The meats are most luxurious and abundant,.and the waiters so pressing in their attentions, that we have really to be careful,in exercising a little self-denial. It is so comfortable not to be limited to hours ; for instance,, you can have break fast at any time between 6 and 11 ; din ner from 5 to 9, and so on. The dining room is a majestic place, splendidly furnished, and peopled by a throng of attendants. One of the heads of the establishment stands at the door as yon come walking down the long hall. With a profound bow he precedes you to a seat, and there consigns you to the smiling waiter, whose one grand object in life for the time being seems to be to make you overeat yourself. The multiplicity of dishes at all the meals is perfectly bewildering, all are equally good and well-cooked. The pastry con sists of the most ravishing little French dishes possible ; even of bread there are about one dozen varieties, We are de lighted with the abundance of ice—'tis as plentiful as mud in London streets. We have taken nothing else but iced milk or water since we arrived. I have quite forgotten my weakness for beer, and enjoy nothing so much as a long cool draught, with the delicious lumps of ice bobbing against your lips as you drink. It is a fashion here, and a very pleasant one, to commence breakfast with a dish of fruit, or tomatoes, or cucumber. This morning, as well as yesterday, we had a plate of ripe blackberries, with milk and sugar— so nice. Yesterday we visited the Central Park—a place of which the New Yorkers are very proud; and no wonder. A short time ago it was an uncultivated wilderness, but now it is charming, though too new—a fault that will be cured yearly. It abounds in wooded hills, large sheets of water, with fountains, boats, and fancy fowl; there are large grassy slopes, groups of statuary, bowers thickly roofed with "greenery," and all that heart can wish or eye crave. We came upon a crowd of children enjoying themselves with half-a-dozen large swings in full operation. Two men in uniform stood to lift them up and take them out again. We supposed, of course, it wa3 a speculation of some cute Yankee; but no, it was one of the amusements of the place, and quite gratuitous. Each child is allowed five minutes, and it was amusing to .see the eagerness with which they claimed the coveted pleasure. The profuse and novel advertisements also interest us. Yesterday we passed one recommending a certain kind of milk punch. It was a painting of Punch, milk ing a cow, with a merry twinkle in his eye. Why is it that we see so few dogs I wonder 1 I have only noticed two since we arrived, and they were shabby-looking brutes. Perhaps the tax on them is par ticularly heavy. 1 must enquire. We are now going out for a walk. 12th. — Really of all kind obliging people, I think I must award the palm to the Americans. The simplest question elicits the fullest reply, and no trouble is spared to give you a little pleasure. After dinner to-night we were wondering why so few were in the dining-room, and then found it was only because the larger one, which holds 300 guests, was quite full. As we had no idea that there was a still larger room, an official immediately begged to be allowed to show it to U3. A princely apartment it was, too, resplen dent with all that was handsome and brilliant, yet, with all, in excellent taste. We could quite imagine it to be, as our guide expressed it, "The finest room in America, I guess." Seeing us interested, he kindly offered to show us the kitchen department, and to this we gladly as sented. This was truly a sight worth seeing, both for itself and also as a proof of what perfection the .Americans have attained in the art of hotel-keeping. As we were told—"Everything is systema tised ; the most inferior person em ployed has his own special work to do, and does it without touching upon another's." The kitchen was just being put in order after the day's work, and the burly, white-clad, jolly cooks, looked as if they had had nothing to do all day, so bright and clean were they, and yet they had been feeding over 400 people. This is the slack time of the year ; in the season they have from 700 to 1,000 daily. We saw the huge engine which is the heart of the great concern, and by which all the cooking is done, and the hot water constantly supplied to every room in the house (of which there are over 700). There was one room in which the crockeryware was washed, and another in. which it was kept, ditto with the plate, ditto with the glass. One for the bread (they turned the gas into one of the ovens that we might see its immense size); another for the pastry, the largest being reserved for the meats. Here was the huge roasting-place, and all along the wall large brass cauldrons of various soups, all boiling merrily away (thanks to the untiring engine) in readiness for hungry mouths to-morrow. Then we saw the various sitting-rooms for the "helps," one for the men, another for the women, another for the mechanics, of whom quite a staff is kept in constant work. We then crossed the road to the laundry, where all the washing and iron ing of the place is done ; and as every guest has a clean napkin for every meal, and the cloths are also changed for every meal, it must be something considerable. Here was another busy steam-engine at work, and a crowd of active, happy looking young women, who seemed de lighted to show and explain everything to us. So we saw the machines that rub and wring the linen, and then the large drying-room ; also warmed by the ever busy machine. The ironing-room was a large, light, airy, and most pleasant look ing apartment, and here a knot of girls were busily ironing and chatting. I asked when business was over 1 " Oh, at 6 o'clock, but after that time they are allowed to use the soap and machinery for themselves." We then again crossed the road and visited the immense store rooms, all kept in the most perfect con ceivable order. In the centre of one stood what looked like a very burly pump. We found it was the milk-tank—a kind of patent cow that never fails ! Round one storeroom ran a kind of parapet, formed entirely of hundreds and hun dreds of bar3 of soap—a sight that would have rejoiced the heart of " our eldest" as suggestive of inter minable washing days ! We then walked through the bar and billiard rooms (containing about 20 tables), and after traversing the long mart la hall, the " elevator" hoisted us up, < quickly and noiselessly, to our own floor. And so terminated most pleasantly our little domestic expedition. We are wonder-struck at the number of magnifi cent buildings in Hew York. Rows and blocks of the most noble mansions meet you at every turn, and the store3 are marvels of size and beauty. Yesterday we visited the two most famous ones in NewYork—"Steward's"and "Tiffany's." Both of them are like populous thriving towns, nor have we ever seen anything at all to equal them. As buildings they are surely matchless for Bize and beauty, and their contents I We are told that Steward has agents all over Europe, and certainly the silks, shawls, laces, &c.;, are most exquisite. The building is a hollow square, so that if you stand in the centre, or better still, go up one of the galleries (there are six, one over the other), the coup d' oeil is almost overpowering. Tiffany is the great New York jeweller, and of course his treasures are too fascinat ing. I felt glad I had no money to spend on any particular object, for the variety would have been as bewildering as the number of good things on the dinner table. Coming home we strolled through a most bewitching picture store, and there, strange to say, they were then exhibiting the original cartoon of that lovely " holy family" of Carl Millar's, that Edmund bought when he was last in London. But altogether we are charmed with New York, its people, its stores, its living, and shall be truly sorry to go to morrow. I forgot to say we also visited the ice rooms of the hotel, and find that one hundred pounds of ice can be bought for 40 cents—less than ^d. per pound. In large quantities it is even cheaper, which accounts for its plentiful use. (To be continued.) 