? SELECTIONS FROM THE ALMANAC. GREAT TRUTHS. Broad beans are not so broad as they arejlong; A man who hides a cabbage may not plant it; Living on muscles might not make one strong; No thief who takes a purse takes it for granted. Birds that eat apples may not die of pip; A slug's back never is as hard as snails. A snake-bite hurts, so may a brandy nip; A king fish never was a prince of whales. A wheat plant full of ears may not be old; All South-sea grampusses are good at blowing; A turnpike man may pass to death untolTd; A sailor cry land ho! and not mean hoeing. GENTEEL VERSION OF AN OLD ROMANCE. Sound a loud paean, let the glorious song Be sixpence and a pouch replete with rye; Two dozen ebon birds, a tuneful throng, Tombed in the hot recesses of a pie. Sing how, when digging 'neath the steamy crust, The birds began to whistle joyous hymns, Not seeming inconvenienced or fussed By heat, or want of room to stretch their limbs. Now, was not this a gastronomic heat. To grace a mighty monarch's festive board, A lovely dishful of melodius meat As ever was in royal stomach stored J What a Teetotaller cannot do.—Keep the climate temperate. Milk and Water Measures.—Dairyman's cans. Question for the Board of Health.—What is the cubic contents of a sanitary measure? Terrestial Shame.—The Bhock of an earthquake. Fanatic Teetotalism.—To object'to hollaudff for children'£ pinafores. Never hard to heat (except boiled).—An egg. When is a man like a frog?—When he is going, to croak. Two Extremes.—Down in the dumps and up in a balloon. A rash promfce.—I'll go and catch the measela. Income-bustible.—That derived from bubbles. Income- preheneible.—Seized of a living. Garden Robber.—The thief of time. A Valuable Herb.—The mint of money. The University Lad.—Mat-rieulation. Mottoes for Gardeners.—Spades are trumps. Hoe no man anything. Never rake at night. Only be seedy at sewing time. Act always on deep loam-atie grounds. Keep as cool as a cucumber. When engaged on garden plots be careful as to your designs. Never arbour evil thoughts apaiust vour employer. Free Translations.—Hollow Pod- rida—empty pea-shells. Esprit de corpse), a veritable ghost. Hoc non pro me—Hock is not my sort of wine. Adieu pavvre tonj-juri—Good-bye poor two shoes. Belle-lettres—15. E. and double L. Bon(n)o bouch—A devilled drumstick. De die et diem —the Argus obituary. A Dashing Fellow.—A soda and brandy drinker. What is a mitten ?—A wrap on the knuckles. The man who originated the strike.—The Blacksmith. The opposite of dear John.—Cheap Jack. Parliamentary Question.—Is the whip the tool of a party. The place of departed spirits.—The throat. The illness that pays.—When laying up for a rainy day. The proper sort of stuff.—That with which a man re-covers his health. close ».baver.—A miserly barber. A STRANGE METAMORPHOSIS.—Some Arab horses arrived by the mail steamer. Directly they were put cn shore by the owner they became landed property. Paddy.—Ac Irish tailor asserts that salt beef is the chief male of a ship. Always in the fashion.—Well-dressed dinners: A Solatium.—The man that failed to get a peerage obtained a title to his property. A Question of Beauty.—Can an ugly girl be pretty well! A Pure Vegetable.—The clean potato. The Place for Lovers.—The Heart Gallery. When is your eye like a pistol?—When you cock it. New Animals for the Acclimatization Society. —A night mare, rjuiet in saddle. A towel horse;, warranted hairless. Two young water monkeys, from a Good Templar's Lodge. A snapdragon sent by Father Christmas; and a cat-o'-nine- tails, presented by the common hangman. The Coloured Races.—The white man, the negro, the red man, the yaller girl, the blue stocking, the piuk of perfection, the greenhorn, the orangeman, the done brown, and the pale of civilization. Advice in War Time.—When alarmed be all armed. Why are monkeys always cautious?—Because they are four-arm eil. A Question.—What is the scale of tolls at the turnpike on tbe road to ruin? The sort of fright for a young man.—To give him a start. Nasal Eeceiiincites. — Paying and singing through the nose. A nose full-blown. A well re(a)d nose. True.—A disingenuous man cannot look even a clock in the face. What a fruiterer's wife should be.—When paired, apple-ly married, and then nuts on her husband. duck of a fellow.—The drake. A Reporter's Salary.—His shorthand notes. Marine Joke.—What will occasion a squall at sea?—A birth in a ship. Advice to a Husband.—Don't let your wife dye. FAMILY DIET.—For breakfast, a broil; at lunch, pick a bone with your wife; cold shoulder for dinner. At tea let your bread be crusty ^as yourself ; and at cupper finish up the day with bones of contention. NEW CREATURE.—New Chum (with a terrific yell).—" Yow—'ow—wow—Jack! here's a—a— triantelopeseorpulopede." (The scorpion, tarantula, and centipede bad been described to him. But no one had told him of the iguana.) WANTS TO KNOW.—A would-be Councillor enquires, " What is City-rate of Magnesia," never having heard of such a tax? CALEDONIAN.—A Scot has written to the papers to state that Loch Jaw is not in the Highlands. He is right; it is always in the mouth. Tbe same individual has been looking for the address of Benjamin Lomond in the directory. WANTED.—A rope to lead a peaceable life. A string to fasten to a young lady's bows. The tliread to a dull discourse; and the c(h)ord to be struck upon a piano. POLICE.—There are several interesting facts about police not generally known. Although a constable is but one man, he has a number on his head. Although stupid, he is supposed to be a man of apprehension- Although neither a soldier nor a gentleman, he has to perform fought duty. Although a married man he often goes to Court. He is supposed never to be cocky when Le has his cap(e)on, and he walks the streets with his hat-on and his bat-on. Policemen, although often on their beat, are never on strike. PROVERBS FOR THE TIME.—'Tis a wise man that never wrires to the newspapers. The more haste, the more delay in getting rich. A man is not an architect because he belongs to a Building Society. Printers' ink is blackest when used for a vile purpose. To err is human, it is men's err-and. Justice is blind, and often makes mis* takes. Necessity is the mother of crime as well as of invention. Fools rush in where angels fear to tread, especially in places which should be avoided. Tbe wise are slow of speech, especially in Parliament. Nobody knows where the shoe pinches, except the wearer likes to confess. A FEW FACTS FOR PHILOSOPHICAL READERS. —Pride and poverty breed that unpleasant malady known as starvation. Local industry often means carrying on a trade which is an abominable nuisance ; boiling-down places and bone-mills stink in the nostrils and everywhere else. Smiles are nice until they degenerate into grins. Laughs are like lotteries, rarely fair and square ; a good honest laugh is as rare as a snow storm in a hot wind. Frowns are useful now and then as expressions of disapproval, but scowls as facial fixtures are to be deprecated as putting the human face divine to a bad use. NuiEances are as plentiful as blackberries: they comprise larrikins, mothers-in-law, bad smells, grievance mongers, stagnant puddles, chattering M.P.'B, mea^els, stale eggs, bores, and spoilt children. Wisdom is a scarce article in the mental market, the demand always exceeds the supply. Foily is more common; it is the peculiar attribute of young people and heavenborn politicians. Nothing is thing that often Happens. Something is a thing frequently looked for and often found on the mind. Doubts are personal property, but are never bequeathed in wills. Buttons may be found on pages, but rarely upon shirts; why, is a family reason. Politics may be food for argument, bat won't bring much bread to a starving family ; hence they should be avoided by those who have to work for their daily loaf. Riches take wings and fly away, leaving folks with not a feather to fly with. Ambition is life's day dream, and the waking up is generally unsatisfactory. I S f r writing tfr- "t -—con, Bdks-" Last week when oia ana biif and little, were enjoying .iiemselves at the Sunday-School treat clouds of little black ant-like things were noticed flying' about. Imagine our surprise and annoyance in the morning to find our little visitors had spoiltcoats, hats, &c.;, by boring little round holes is them about the size of a pin's head." To Hum. A. if. Bickford If Sont, Ghemitls, 19, EtndUg street, Adelaide. Blyth-street, Hindley-street, Adelaide: Gentlemen—For yean I suffered from a barsb racking eongh, and tried several preparations without benefit; was advised to use your Cough Elixir (although sceptical as to its being able to do me any good); puTchsused a bottle of it for two aMUlitgs, and am thankful to say, after taking a small quantity, the cough left me. I wish it was more extensively known, as I consider it an Invaluable preparation, and being palatable, children take it readily.—I remaia yours very truly, (Signed) j, a, Covua, 