SUMMARY OF NEWS. On Monday night last a most intense sympathy was excited in the minds of many old residents of Strathalbyn upon hearing of the extraordinary decease of Mrs Stephen Joyce in the church at the close of the evening's service. It appears the old and respected lady had been spending the afternoon at a friend's, where she wrote a letter to one of her children, and went up to her residence, nearly a mile distant, posting the letter on her road. After attending to some home duties she and her husband left for the Monday evening's prayer and class meetings at the Wesleyan Church. She was the last to speak in the latter meeting, and those present were greatly affected by her kind and Christian words. Upon rising to leave she was suddenly taken with shivering and pains about the chest and head, and she remarked that her mouldering body would not be troubled much longer in this world. Her husband and those present did what they though best for her, little dreaming that in a few moments her soul would have gone to its Maker. But so it was, and ere the doctor could be present she had expired. Great consternation of course arose, and friends soon flocked around to learn the sad news and do what they could to assist in the matter. The old gentleman, who was thus sorely tried and cut up with inexpressible sorrow, was comforted by the Rev Mr. Stubbs, as far as was possible, and the body was laid out in the porch, and on Wednesday removed to its last resting in the cemetery (Dr. Blue having certified the cause of death), when a large number of friends by their attendance showed the sympathy they have with those so sorely afflicted. The deceased was one of the oldest residents in this town, had reached her 62nd year, and was greatly esteemed, and especially by the members of the Church to which she and her husband particularly belonged. The awful suddenness and circumstances attending this death again forcibly remind us how true that "in the midst of life we are in death!"—Southern Argus. i An event causing more than ordinary excite i merit in the quiet town of Akaroa occurred ■ there lately. A number of Maoris reported to the whaling ship Eliza Adams, at present at anchor in the harbour here, that a whale was disporting himself in the lower part of the harbour. As soon as the news reached the ship, Captain Hamblin despatched three of his boats in search of the whale. The boats had just got off the Wainui shore when they encountered the "monster of the deep." Meanwhile the news had spreadsiu Akaroa, and numbers of people put off in boats on whaling cruises on their own account. One of the amateur whaling crews visited the ship, and prevailed on Captain Hamblin to lend them a.boat and go with them as instructor. They were soon under weigh, and arrived at the scene of action. At this time the whale was just off the Wai nui shore, his movements being closely welched by the various boats in chase. After having two or three nar row escapes, being evidently unaware of the presence of our Yankee friends, and no doubt calculating that the delicate intentions of the flotilla was merely a local effort, he playfully gambolled about until, coining within lance dis tance of the boat under the charge of the first mate (Mr. Stivers), he was artistically har pooned, and his marine surveys of Bank's Peninsula were at end. The third mate's crew having also made fast, he made up the harbour at a furious pace, dragging the two boats after him, amid the yells and shouts of their crews. He was then met by Captain Hamblin,and his amateur crew, who welcomed him by introduc ing to his notice another lance. At this juncture the scene was exciting in the highest degree, the fish forging ahead, dyeing the sea red with his blood, and lashing the water into white foam with his immense tail, also sending the blood colored water high in the air in magnificent jets. After being lanced several times by Cap tain Hamblin and making several abortive rushes at the boats, he at last succumbed to the superior skill and energy of " Brother Jana than." The inhabitants of the sleepy capital of the Peninsula during this time had gradually been waking up, and might be seen putting off in boats and in the steam launch Pioneer, at 3s. " there and back." On the arrival of the lands men the animal had breathed his last, and all that remained to be done was to tow the in animate blubber to the ship. The procession of whale boats, headed by the launch, having other boats in tow, on their way to the ship, presented a very picturesque appearance from shore. In due time he was alongside the ship, where lie was secured by ropes, thence to be beached for public inspection the next day. Mr. G. Lambert, of this place, on the part of the Mu seum authorities, has made arrangmeuts for the skeleton for that institution. The whale proved to be of the variety popularly known as the " humpback," and measured about tbirty-two I feet in length. It is calculated to produce from a tun to a tun and a-half of 01J. —Lyttleton Times* " Oil Friday last," states the Southern Argus June 17, "as Mr- W. Fiveash was travelling on the road to Strathalbyn from Adelaide, about a mile anil a half this side of the Aldgate Pump, he came across a splendid full-grown doe, he supposed about three years old. She was standing on the road some little distance ahead, and watched him approaching, and then she took a short run and again turned for an in spection of the traveller. W^hen about 20 or 30 yards distant she again started, and made off into the scrub, and was not seen again. The question is, was the doe a stray one, or are these splendid creatures breeding in the bush ?" Practical joking has become acclimatized in the Mallee or on its confines. Some little time since a township, which has sprung up in con sequence of recent settlement, resolved on the erection of a building which would unite the characteristics ot a school, a place of worship, and a place of entertainment. In due course the time came when the liajl was to be opened by some kind of amateur performance. The room soon filled, and a vocalist came to the footlights with a sheet of music. Scarcely had he accomplished the first line of his ballad when he was attacked by a fit of sneezing All attempts to continue were fruitless, and he gave place to a reader, who was similarly attacked in less than half a minute. A " glee party" tried their voices, but first one and then another sneezed, until all were literally sneezing in concert, and coughing according to no recognised gamut. The opening of the front door just then sent a gentle breeze through the auditorium, and the sneezing infliction spread thither. As if by sympathy, form after form of the audience took up the chorus, until the wave of sneezing had swept over the " hall." Hand kerchiefs of every hue were iu requisition, until the room resembled the grand stand of a race course at the finish of a race. It was of no use trying to proceed, and the presiding genius had to explain that " owing to circumstances (tishu) over which he had no con—(tishu)—trol, the performance could not be continued." The " hall" remaius unswept, and the committee is willing to present its entire yield of ground ginger and cayenne pepper to any one accom plishing the task. Judging by the result of necassarily hurried investigations, the yield of these spices ss likely to be considerable.—■ Pleasant Creek News. A correspondent of the Y. P. Advertiser writes:—A gentleman having an amount of time and patieuce at his command has recently made a calculation as to the number of news papers and periodicals published in Australia, New Zealand, and Fiji- It appears that there are some 350 journals now regularly issued in these colonies. Of this number forty are daily, and thirty monthly or quarterly, the remaining 880 being issued either weekly or bi-weekly. There are thirteen illustrated journals, and twenty-two devoted to religious and denomina tional matters ; three are the property of the medical profession ; twelve are the organs of temperance or friendly societies; and two belong to the Spiritists. The Melbourne Age has the largest circulation of any daily paper; the Australasian is the best circulated weekly paper. It is roughly estimated that the entire circulation of all the journals—taking one issue only—is about 350,000 copies, weighing, prob ably, about twenty tons. How far this state ment is to be relied upon I do not know. I simply give it as I received it. I suppose that Messrs. Gordon & Gotch, of Collins-street, Melbourne, are the only persons able to give anything like a correct statement about the Australian newspapers, and when they have nothing else to do perhaps they will favour the public with a report on the subject." A curious ghost story, the scene of which is laid in a gaol, is related by the New York Times of March 11:—" Hackensack,in Bergen County, has a sensation in the shape of a ghost which haunts the County Gaol, and creates the utmost consternation and alarm among the prisoners and other inmates. The spirit has been recog nised as that of John W. Avery, the. young man who was hanged in the gaol on June 28,: 1872, for murder. The mysterious phenomena which accompany the appearance of the spirit were at first attributed to some plan of escape concocted by the prisoners, but recent develop ments prove that such is not- the case. A priso ner named Wallace, who was confined in the gaol in October last, and who was familiar with Avery, solemnly affirms that his spirit appeared one night, and was distinctly seen to walk around one of the tiers, and pull the bed-clothing off a German prisoner, who was confined in the cell formerly occupied by Avery. The German, who is still a prisoner, confirms the story, and many persons who visited Avery now remember that he made a solemn promise before his death to revisit the gaol after his execution. The story of bis latest appearance seemed to be well authenticated, several of the prisoners thoroughly agreeing in their statement of all the alleged facts. The phenomenon occurred about mid night on Sunday, and there is no doubt that the utmost consternation and alarm prevailed among the prisoners. As is customary in all well regulated ghost stories the dock had just ceased striking 12, when a soft unnatural light filled the whole interior of the gaol and awakened all the prisoners. Some of them were terror stricken, and buried their heads beneath the bed-clothing, while others seemed to be para lysed so that they could not move, and were thus compelled to be unwilling witnesses of the supernatural scenes and sounds that followed. They solemnly aver that they beard one of the windows raised, and felt the cold air rush in. Then the shadowy form of a man, all plainly visible except the legs, seemed to glide between the bars and up the stairs to the top tier of cells. The figure stopped in front of the cell which had been occupied by Avery, and, opening the dear, entered. The opening and closing of the door were distipctly heard. After the lapse of a few minutes the figure re-appeared, and its footfalls on the steps as it descended again were distinedy heard. The figure passed around all the tiers of cells, and then floated down to the washroom, and was heard to turn on the water. Finally the ghost returned to the window and disappeared as it had entered, and the bluesh light gradually faded away. This is substantially the story as told by several of the prisoners, who claim to have been eye-witnesses, aud express their firm belief that they saw Avery's ghost/' Some 80 lucky. Celestials are said to (have left the port of Cooktown per s.s. Namoa, for Hong Kong. They took away quite a pile of the " precious metal" with them. One man, alone, carried away over 26ibs, while others are in the possession of parcels varying from 24 to 40 ozs. Over 2,390 ounces passed entry by them at the Custom House on Thursday. Of course, such entries are not the true representation of the whole bulk takeu out of the colony. The Chinese may be considered simple, but they are terribly ingenious in those matters requiring the activity of the bump of secretiveness. We have no hesitation in believing they are thus conveying some 4,000 ozs. of gold to China, duty free, be sides €32 sovereigns.—Cooktown Herald. A large ingot of gold from the Alma Com pany's Claim at Waukaruiga was exhibited in the shop-window of Mr. Benda, tobacconist, King Williams-street, on Wednesday. It is one of the largest ever melted from a South Australian reef, being about the size of the heaviest sent down from the Lady Alice, Bar ossa. The weight, we believe, is about 230 ounces. The mines are all looking well on the Waukaringa Reef, which bids fair before many months to become a most important gold-pro ducing locality. Work is being pushed vigor ously forward on many other claims which are considered likely to turn out as rich as the Alma. —Messenger. 