The Sydney Morning Herald. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1876. THE report of the Star Queen Inquiry evidences the folly as well as the prevalence of the tricks which, unfortunately, are found in too many trades. From this report it appears that the ship Star Queen left England on the 13th May last, with about three hundred emigrants, for Queensland, that not only was the ship, to the knowledge of both the captain and the purser, inadequately provisioned, but that by means of a system of false scales and weights, and, with a view of diminishing the risk of absolute starvation, a short supply of daily rations was administered from the commencement of the voyage. By the Imperial Passenger Act as well as by the Queensland Government regulations, immi- grant ships are required ito be adequately victualled for 140 days ; but in addition to the insufficient supply of rations from the first, the immigiants of the Star Queen were put on still shorter allowance at the end of about ninety days; and at the end of about a hundred days the captain was under the recessity of putting into Melbourne for the purpose of getting sufficient provisions to enable him to complete the voyage. One of the false pretences resorted to by the captain or by the agents of the Star Queen appears to have been that of branding casks on the one end with the name of one kind of provisions, and pn the other end with that of another Had In this way packages which piobably, con- tained no kind of piovisions -whatever, were made to contain piovisions of two kinds "We are not surprised to find that the ship so fraud- ulently supplied was found to be both ill ventillated and disgustingly dirty; nor can it be regretted that the captain under whose auspices and with whose concurrence these frauds were perpetrated has in Queensland been fined £211 with an alternative of thice months' imprisonment. It jis to be hoped that the issue of the Star Queen inquiry will not end either with the fine or the imprisonment of the captain It is perhaps impossible to effectually provide against such breaches of trust as those which this inquiry has disclosed, fortunately for the comfort of society such offences in connection with our ocean traffic are not of common occunence. Immigrants as a clash ran hardly be said to have frequent causes of complaint. A great deal of attention has been bestowed during recent years upon the best means of promoting the comfort of this class of passengers to the Australian colonies. Amongst landsmen generally there is a dis- position to magnify the dangers and dis- comforts of life at sea. Both the discomforts and the dangers often appear smaller when people are looking back upon them than when they are passing through them. So far as comfort and cleanliness are concerned, a voyage between Great Britain and the colonies is a very different thing now from what it was a quarter of a century ago. While human nature remains as it is, instances of fraud and cruelty, against which no foresight can provide, will however be found upon the sea as well as upon the land. While other men have a tendency to be dishonest, the tendency will doubtless manifest itself now and then in captains, agents, and others in charge of emigrants. No doubt a great deal may and ought to be done in England by emigration agents, and by Agents- General, to prevent such a specimen of inhumanity as that which will attach itself to the name of the Star Queen. By the exercise of proper care in the selection, first, of ships' companies, and then of suitable emigrant vessels—by a simple examination both of the quantity and quality of ships' provisions, and by a general system of inspection on the other side of the world—a great deal of the fraud perpetrated on the high seas might, no doubt, be prevented. We may reasonably hope that the Star Queen inquiry will lead to this result. It is impossible not to come to the conclusion that if suitable precautions had been taken not only by the Queensland Immi- gration Agent, but by officers in charge of English shipping generally, the report of the Queensland Immigration Board, which has just been issued, would not have been found to be needful. It surely ought not to be necessary in this age of the world to dispatch three bundled human beings from an English port without some reliable security that the pro- vision made for their subsistence is sufficient to last throughout an ordinary passage. If the officer in England in charge of the affairs of Queensland immigration does not know the amount of deck-space required by the Passen- ger Act, and is not in the way of securing the requisite accommodation in every emi- grant vessel that sails out of England for Queensland, the sooner he is suitably in- structed, the better for all parties. We are finding out now and then in other colonies, as well as in Queensland, how com- pletely the inhabitants of this part of the world are at the mercy of their agents and others in England, and how serious may be the consequences of a lack of man- agement and foresight in connection with colonial agencies in the mother country. It is a grave question whether in view of the interests at stake those agencies are so efficiently manned as they ought to be, and whether we do not require duties from our agents in England which will necessitate a stronger force than we at present employ, and a much larger expenditure of money than we are yet disposed to make. It is much better to spend an additional thousand pounds in preventing the sailing of bad ships and the importing of bad iron, than to spend a possible ten thousand on commissions to deal with the results of our not preventing these things. At the same time, while there is a great deal of dishonesty which may be anticipated and prevented, there is much which no sagacity can foresee and which no vigilance can guard against. Men who are bent on being dishonest are usually, for a while at least, more than a match for those whose place it is to look after thom. In such cases what cannot be done by prevention must be attempted by cure. If the task of providing against fraud in emigrant ships must be attended to elsewhere, the task of punishing it whenever possible must be attentled to here. The Queensland Government has done right in letting the captain of the Star Queen know that the game of trifling with the lives of hundreds of human beings is a dangerous and must be a losing one. There can be few more responsible positions than that of a ship's captain who has three hundred human lives completely at his mercy during a voyage that compasses half the circuit of the world. A breach of trust or an infliction of cruelty under circumstances of this sort is worthy of the severest punishment and of the sternest in- dignation. The immigrants who have recently landed in Queensland have very good reason to congratulate themselves that their calamity was not a more seiious one. If any casualty had happened on the passage, or if through adverse weather the voyage had been one of unusual length, the risk of starvation might have been more imminent, and the conse- quences of injustice might have been more disastrous. The fact that the result of the bad faith of the captain and purser of the Star Queen was not more serious does not make the thing itself less culpable. If there are both justice and mercy in Mr. PLIMSOLL'S indignant protest against unseaworthy ships, on account of the danger they involve to the lives of sailors, the matter becomes a more serious one when as in emigrant ships the lives of sailors are associated with the lives of hundreds of other people. There are under the host of auspices deprivations and dangers enough on the sea, without the malignant ingenuity that tramples on human rights, and trifles with human lives for the ends of a mean and paltry greed. If it is not in the power of colonial agencies in England to provent a case that of the Star Queen happening once, it is to be hoped the inquiry which has been instituted, and the sentence which has been awarded in Queensland will have the effect of providing that such a case shall not happen a second time. — — — SECTIONS 63 to 66 of the draft Mining Bill set up a system of registration of instruments by which all transactions subsequent to the passing of the bill would be regulated. Should the bill pass as it stands, all future leases and agreements to lease, and all assign- ments, transfers, and encumbrances of leases or interests therein, will have to be registered in the offices of the Department of Mines in Sydney ; and no registration elsewhere of assignments, transfers, or encumbrances will be recognised by the Crown, or have effect. Any mining registrar, however, will receive instruments for registration, and after writing upon the instruments themselves and in a book the day and hour of receiving them, will transmit them to the head office by the next post. When the documents reach the head office, they will be registered there, priority being given in the order of their receipt by the officers transmitting them, and they will take effect from the date of their deposit in the head office. When an instrument has been registered there, notice will be sent by the next post to the mining registrar of the district or division where the land in question is situ- ated, and he will register the instrument in the local office. Fees will be charged, and will in each case be the property of the mining registrar of the division where the land in question is situated. This matter of registration is one of import- ance, and its settlement is attended by con- derable difficulty. The difficulty, however, relates rather to the past than to the future ; and the draft bill deals with the future only. Soon after the passing of the present Act, the late Govern- ment declared its intention not to recognise past transfers except trader certain conditions. But as those conditions had not been estab- lished or made known at the time when many of the transfers comprehended within the de- claration were effected, the case of the trans- ferees was one of much hardship. Transfers had been permitted, and even registered, under one system ; but under another the registration might be worthless, and the tranferee unable to prove to the Department his right to his acquired interests, even though he had the signature of an officer of the Department to show that a transfer had been made. On the other hand, there was force in the argument that the mere registra- tion of a transfer in a local oflice was not in itself sufficient evidence that the transaction had taken place in good faith. Parties had been known to register the transfer of one and the same interest to a number of different buyers in succession at different offices, and of course in only one of these cases could the alleged sale be a genuine affair. But the very fact of this source of difficulty having arisen in the past shows the expe- diency of putting future transactions upon a better footing, and of having a clear under- standing as to the policy of the Government in relation to them. If it had been made known as a matter of law before the outbreak of the late mining fever that no transac- tion in the nature of it tranfer of mining interests would be recognized by the Govern- ment unless it had been registered at the head office of the Mining Department, much of the embarrassment that was so loudly complained of a year ago would have been avoided. In whatever way the difficulty as connected with past transactions may be conquered, it is well, therefore, to guard against its continuance or growth in the future. Mining speculation may again revive ; and the excitement attending it may again become excessive. It would be inconvenient in the extreme to adopt, the proposed restrictions in the midst of such a period. The system should be set up beforehand ; and persons who then chose to recognise transactions which the law had expressly excluded front the cognizance of the Crown would at least do so with their eyes open. Whether the enforcement of the proposed system would put a check upon the development of mining enterprise is another question. It would interfere, very probably, with that speculative traffic which is some- times confounded with mining enterprise, though the latter has but little, if auything, more to do with it than the breeding of horse-stock has with the maintenance of betting-houses. But the principle could be carried out, either according to the scheme now proposed, or perhaps in some modified shape, without causing any disadvantageous obstruction to legitimate transactions. So far as we understand the matter, it would, at least in the future, be unsafe for the State to undertake to recognize all instru- ments of transfer on the simple ground that they were registered, if the power to register were allowed to be exercised at a number of different places. Before proceeding to act upon the authority of an alleged trans- fer the Stale should have some ready means at hand for testing the truth of the allegation. If the transfer of an interest in a western mine could be registered at a southern office. the registration would in itself be no satis- factory proof that the same interest had not been transferred already to somebody else in the district where the mine was situated. But if no registration be held complete until it has been entered in the books of the central office, then, though the original holder may have palmed off his supposed in- terest to half-a-dozen different people, and the instruments may have been deposited with half-a-dozen different registrars, the authori- tative record would be found in Sydney only, and that would show the date of each trans- action to the hour, and the evidence of fraud would be patent. It might for a while be possible for these fraudulent sales of what had been sold already to be effected. The scheme proposed in the draft bill provides that instruments lodged for registration with mining registrars shall be registered in Sydney in order of priority, according to the days and hours at which they wore so lodged respectively. It does not prohibit the regis- tration of the later instruments on the ground that others of earlier date had already been registered. But it would bring the prior registration and the priority of transfer under the cognisance of the Department. It is to be presumed that when the Crown refuses to recognise unregistered transfers, the Crown will also refuse to recognise registered trans- fers that bear evidence of fraud on the face of the record. And if that became generally known, intending buyers would learn to exer- cise greater caution. The details of the scheme, however, and the wording of the pro- visions will need careful examination, lest there, should be any room for doubt upon this point, and lest there should be any seeming implication that the deposit of an instrument in the offices of the Department in Sydney would be sufficient in itself to give the trans- action of which it purported to be a record, validity and effect, oven though there were at the bottom of it deception and fraud. — — — SUPREME COURT.—Business This Day.— Master's Office, at 11 a.m. : Attorney- General v Scott and others, adjourned examination. DISTRICT COURT.—Thursday, October 7. Emanuel and another v. Mitchell, Clancy v. Parry, Lar- kins v. Chisdale, Ryland and another v. Harris, Albury v. Nelson, Mason v. Moore, Jones v. Bradshaw, Lenehan v. Macdonald, Bamford v. Johnson, Tate v. Greenslade, Tate v. Butlin, Keep v. Jahnke, Lambert v. Viles, Henderson v. Spence, Sandeman v. Kemp, Speerin v. Kelly, Hinchy v. Camb, Castle v. Creer, Proctor v. Davies, Zions v. Ford. IMPORTATION OF GUNPOWDER.—Two or three DAYS ago we published a letter from a correspondent, which Again drew attention to the storage of a large quantity of gunpowder on Goat Island, in dangerous proximity to the city, and to the destruction of life and property which would be caused by on explosion at the depot. Last even- ing a still more serious piece of information was given to the Royal Society, by one of the members present. The question of the possible explosion of the powder on Goat Island cropped up incidentally, during a discussion on Mr. James Manning's proposal to supply Sydney with water, and one of the gentlemen present stated that a large quantity of gunpowder belonging to the Imperial Govern- ment had arrived in port during the past week or two, and that it was in such a damaged condition that it was liable to explode at any moment. He also stated that an official report as to its dangerous condition had been forwarded to the Government. It is to be hoped that all apprehensions , will be speedily allayed by prompt action on the part of the Government. THE LATE COLLISION IN THE HARBOUR.—Mr. Camb, Superintendent of No. 2 Vilunteer Fire Company, with several members of his company, successfully raided the schooner Fanny Wright at Summerbell's Wharf, at the foot of Kent-street. The No. 2's steam-engine was at work from 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon till 3 o'clock yesterday morning, by which time all the water had been pumped out of the schooner, which now lies at the wharf mentioned. ACCIDENT IN MACQUARIE-STREET.—In Mac- quarie-street yesterday, about half-past 10 o'clock, an old man 50 years of age, named William Rook, fell from the building in the course of erection for Mr. Mullins, and received a severe scalp wound. He fell a distance of about 20 feet. The accident was caused through the plank on which he was standing, plastering, tipping up at one end. The wound was treated at the Infirmary. MR. JAMES PYE.—A preliminary meeting of the friends and supporters of the above named gentlemna was held at Payten's Woolpack Hotel, Parramatta, on Monday last, for the purpose of making arrangements for, and inviting him to a public banquet, to be given on an early date, in recognition of his long public services. Mr. J. F. Byrnes (Mayor), M.L.A., Alderman Burge, Drew, Cox, and Ritchie, and several other tradesmen?. A sub-committee was formed to make all the necessary arrangements. No doubt many of his friends will avail themselves of this opportunity of testifying their approval of his past career as an alderman and citizen. INGARTITUDE.—At the Water Police Court yesterday morning, a woman named Ann Miley was charged on warrant with having stolen several article's of cothing, the property of Robert Morrison. Complainant deposed that on Sunday, the 26th September, the prisoner came to his house in Phillip-street, and was supplied with bread, meat, and tea, as she said that she was starving. Wile prisoner was sitting on the door-step eating her food, witness's wife went on an errand, and during her absence complainant, who was upstairs, heard a noise, and on look- ing out of the window he saw the prisoner walking off with a bundle, which contained his wife's shawl, besides sveral articles of underclothing. The prisoner, who is well known to the Police as a person of very bad character, was sent to gaol for a month. STRANGE PLACE FOR A BIRD'S NEST.— Swallows are somewhat noted for building their nests in ectraordinary places, but one of the must remarkable in ??? that has come under our notice, is that of a pair of swallows that are furnishing their domicile on board one of the Milson's Point steamers. They have carefully constructed at the end of the boat an a cross bar intended for an awning their nest, and regularly accompany the boat backwards and forwards across the harbour. SERVICE OF SCARED SONG.—The Pitt-street Congregatonal Choir and members of the Sabbath school will this evening, hold a service of sacred song, in thoe Pitt- street Congregational church. A good programme has been selected, and will no doubt prove attractive. THE BALMAIN GASWORKS.—A correspondent writes to say that he believes it is more than five weeks since those works were commenced, and that it may be ?? many months. Some of the work, we are informed, was superintended by Mr. Fell, the late engineer of the com- pany. RAILWAY ACCOMMODATION.—A lady cor- respondent writes to us from Five Dock, complaining of the total absence of any accommodation for pas- sengers travelling on the suburban railway to and from the platform at Five Dock. Ladies and children, arriving at the platform, having to wait for the train, are, it , appears, compelled to stand in the boiling sun; or, if it should happen to be raining, to squeeze into a small en- closure about 4 feet in height, and about 8 feet long, covered with a tarpaulin, and with about as much pretension to architectural skill and as little accommodation as a blackfellow's humpy, unfitted for lady passengers who, under fashion's present arbitrary rules, require the full regulation space. The platform, too, our correspondent informs us, is not much more than one-third the length of the train, a disproportion which gives rise daily to a number of acrobatic feats which are unsuited to feminine costume, and risky withal. We feel quite certain that the Minister for Works is far too gallant a man to allow such a state of things to continue after his attention has been called to it. The establishment of the Five Dock platform between Ashfield and Burwood is creating a considerable traffic, and a great many houses are springing up around it. TRAVELLING STOCK IBY RAILWAY.—A corres- pondent from Victoria, with sheep, says he has seen sheep for this market untrucked, having to jump 12 feet to the ground ; and he thinks that the attention of this Govern- ment should be called to this to have proper accommoda- tion given. YESTERDAY'S ACCIDENTS.—A painter named Joseph Nelson, injured his right kneecap and sustained a scalp wound through falling at the Dry Dock yesterday. Whilst carrying a bag of flour, a man named Thomas McAleer, slipped, fell, and broke one of his legs. MUTUAL IMPROVEMNET SOCIETY, PITT-STREET SOUTH.—The society met as usual at 8 p.m. on Monday last. The Rev. H. Macready in the chair. The monthly manuscript journal "Excelsior" was read, the article's consisting of editorial notes of the month ; report of last debate, "Is Dancing prejudicial to Society ?" letter referring to the 13th ultimo, Essay on Mutual Improvement, orignal poetry, an "Address to a crushed rosebud," "Address to Satan." Each article in turn was very freely criticised by most of the members. FAREWELL TEA-MEETING TO TH REV. CANON TRESS.—We learn from the Hill End and Tambaroors Times, that a farewell tea- meeting was given to the Rev. Cann Tress, on the 24th September, on the eve of his de- parture from Hill End, and on the evening of the same day an after meeting was held in the church. Both meetings were very numerously attended by members of all deno- minations. The school-room in which the tea-meeting was held was gaily decorated with flags and evergreens, and the numerous tables (presided over by ladies) were daintily ornamented with fruit, flowers, and other accessories. Over 500 persons were present at the tea-meeting. At the sub- sequennt meeting, the Chairmon stated that the objects of the meeting were to bid farewell to the Rev. Canon and Mrs. Tress, who were about to leave Hill End for Manly ; to present Mr. Tress with an address from the Sunday- school teachers ; and to present Mr. and Mrs. Tress with an epergne?, purchased with the joint contributions of the chil- dren attending the Sunday- school. The presentations were made on behalf of the teachers and school children by Mr. J. W. Marshall. The Rev. Conon Tress, in returning thanks, begged to thank the school teachers for their beau- tifully worded address, and wished to impress upon the minds of those present that any little good he had been in- strumental in doing, had all been done to the honour and glory of God, to whom alone all praise is due. He con- cluded by thanking the school children on behalf of Mrs. Tress for the handsome present made to his dear wife. STRANGE OCCURENCE.—A passenger by the Western, on her trip from Cooktown to Townsville, informs the Cleveland Day Express of the 29th ultimo that, on arriving off the Daintree River, the steamer was stopped for the purpose of landing two cedar-getters. A boat was lowered with one of the men in her. By some means or other, the boot got adrift before the second man could get into her, and she drifted away in the darkness. Boats were put out, and every attempt was made to find the missing boat, but all efforts were unavailing. The Western remaining at anchor all night, in the hope of finding the boat at daylight; but when it became light enough to make the surrounding objects visiblo, no sign of the boat or man could be detected. The steamer was obliged to proceed on way without further search. The occurrence is very sad, as we are informed that the unfortunate) occupant of the boat was suffering from fever, and was in too weak a state to hoist the sail or make use of the oars. He may have got safely into the Daintree, but this is doubtful, as it was blowing freshly at the time off the land. LUNATIC BEER.—Dr. Paley, medical superiti- tendent of the Yarra Bond Lunatic Asylum, in reply to the curious, has invariably assorted that "love, two-ales, and religion" were prominent in filling his establishment. Perhaps (says the Border Post), there is a great deal of truth in the assertion. However, be that as it may, things have changed in the asylum, for we understand that the inmates not only brew fine ale for their own consumption, but have distinguished themselves at the Intercolonial Exhibition, where the Yarra Bond beer obtained a first prize medal, beating some of the best if not all the Mel- bourne and intercolonial brewers. Though this be mad- ness, yet there's method in it." The question arises whether the Government should not go into the brewing business. When worked by the lunatics it could be sold to the nation very cheap, ond wo should no longer hear of the "poor man being robbed of his beer." ST. BARNABAS' SCHOOLS EXCURSION.—The annual excusion of the abovenamed schools took plae, yes- terday, to Clontarf, and was attended by a large number of visitors, who enjoyed themselves thoroughly with the various games provided by the committee. The weather during the early part of the day was very gloomy, with every appearance of rain, and many persons consequently gave up all intention of going, preferring to remain at home to taking the chance of wetting. The ominous looking clouds, however, cleared off, and the day turned out beautifully fine. The school children left in the steamer Breadalbane at half-past 8 a.m. from the Market Wharf, the visitors embarking at the Circular Quay. THE GERMAN CLUB.—The members of this club, assisted by Herr Dohler and Signor Giorza, gave a social entertainment lost night at Pfahlert's Hotel. A considerable number of persons were present most of whom of course were of the German nationality, and a very agreeable evening was passed. The first feature of the programme was a psalm bv Beethoven, excellently rendered by the club. This was followed by Signor Giorzo's piano- forte solo, "Sonata appossionota " (Beethoven), played with much delicacy of manipulation and feeling, though, decidedly better in the andante passages than the finale. The chorus "Jaglied," by the club, succeeded, and was much appreciated. A duct, violin and piano, from Beethoven's "Kreut/zer Sonata," was then given by Herr Döhler and Signor Giorza, and was one of the most felicitously rendered of the items of the programme. It was followed by a German song admirably delivered by a member of the club. Herr Döhler's violin solo, with an obligato accompaniment on the piano by Signor Giorza brought the first portion of the entertainmont to a conclu- sion. The second port was commenced by the chorus, "Die drei Blumen" (Beschnitt), given in good style. Signor Giorza then played his fantasia on "Un Bullo in Maschera," upon which however he cannot be congratulated ; the movements being for the most part commonplace and the selection of airs by no means in good taste. It was succeeded by the chorus "Saugergmas." After this Herr P. Lind and Herr Muller played a duet "Landler" on the on instrument best known in Switzerland, and which is a combination oi tho harp and guitar without the characteristic excellence of either instru- ment. The delivery, however, was so good that it elicited the first encore of the evening. Heir Döhler next played a violin sole "Tarantelle" in a very masterly style, and being encored gave a clever edition of"Yankee Doodl" with variations. The favouiito chorus "Rheinweinlied" concluded. RIFLE ASSOCIATION.—A meeting of the Council of the Association was held yesterday evening, at the Suburban Brigade Office, to make final arrangements for the annual prize meeting Major Jaques occupied the Chair. The report from the Executive Committee, pre- sented by Lieut Walker, showed that the arrangements for the meeting have been carefully considere, and will no doubt prove successful. At the previous meeeting it was resolved to have a luncheon on the last day (Saturday, the 16th October), the expenses of which are to be defrayed by the members of the Council A committee was ap- pointed to carry out tho arrangements, and circulars were addressed to the vice-presidents and members of the Council asking them to join in this rifle reunion. The response has proved very satisfactory to the intentions of the Council. His Excellency Sir Hercules iles Robinson (with his Excellency's suite) will be invited to be present, as also the Ministry, Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson (the Commandant of the Forces), and Sir William Manning (the president of the association). Saturday afternoon is lt be devoted entirely to the Inter- national Match, the various teams being captained as follows:—England Major Jaques, Ireland, Mr C. K. Moore ; Scotland, Major Goodlet, and Australia, Mr. H. C. Dangar. It may be mentioned that Mr Brewer was again offered the captaincy of the English team, but de- clined the honour on the ground that his duties as secre- tary of the association, particularly on the last day of the meeting, would interfere with the effective performante of the still more onerous duties of captain of one of the inter- national teams. THE BLACKS OF THE DAINTREE.—From the ( I tau ii Jlei aid w o leam that tho latest intoUigenco f loai tins nvor showß that the natives aro becoming vu j bold in then attacks While they* aro afraid of molesting the 1 iiropcans on tho river porsonull), thoy aio exeu dingly aunoung in their attacks on thoir cairns, and \eiy frequently carry off -valuable storos At one out-camp, about live miles ubovo the main (tan, they robbed a tent when tho mon weio sbint A dog which was tied at tho tent door pievonted tb< ¡u f re m taking all they desired, but thoy manngod to cn ii off tho red blankets of ono of tho mon in triumph, mil Hie bright colouied strips of theso will doubtless bo nu added chitim to somo of tho dusky belles of tho Daintreo Case of Diktomag -The Maitland Ma cwy lins been furniBhcd with tho particulars of what oppoars to ha\o been a fatal accident Patrick riannon, a resident at Rosebrook, was employed on tho roads at Hillsborough He wa» in tho habit of riding to and from his work on horseback On Saturday o\ ening, on lea\ ing his work, ho went to catch his horse as usual, but, as ho had not re- turned to Ins homo on the following day, somo suspicions ?were mouBcd as te his safety, and a search was commonced ?Ou going to the spot whero ho was last at work his coat w as Found Tho bank of the m or w as next oxamined near where his boise had been turned out Hero thoro woro cudentBignsof a portion of tho bank having given way and fallen into tho river It was surmised that tho doceascd hnduiadvcrtently walked too near tho edgo, and had boon thrown into the nvor with the falling earth and drowned YcMcrday morning tw o constables w ont out and dragged tho river After somo little timo tho body of tho deceased w is discovered obout twenty y aids from tho spot w hero tho bunk Ima fallen in An Unusual Railwai Peril -Dr Johnson's dofinilion of a ship as a prison in which you hnvo tho additional incom cmences of being in danger of burning to death and drowning is woil known, and tho railway pas- senger dures both theso and many additional and moro fearful risks , but tho extension of railw ay cutorpnso into land« swept occasionally by hurricanes has show n that tho list of railway casualties has not boon exhausted either m this or tho western hemisphere Australia ib noted for violent hurricanes, and tho beginning of tho prosont y oar such a blast nearly occasioned a torriblo disostoi It appears that towards tho end of January, as a train was passing alone the Victoria South and West Railway, it was struck brondf ide on by a tremendous gust of wind, which fairly lifted (ho carnages otf tho lino Tho Chief Justice of the colony was tiav oiling in a saloon carriago next tho ongino, and both engino and saloon, with a composite carriago îniDifdiatcly behind w ero thrown upon thoir sides, tho last running into, or, to uso on oxpressii o Americanism, tolo scoping into tho taloon carriago Most fortunately this hapj cned upon a loyol portion of tho track, and nobody appears to havo boen much b it, but a fow minutes later and the. can íagcs w ould bay o Deen tniyorfiing an embank- ment Iw oh e feet high, when thoro would lm\o probably beena lopotilionof tho Shipton catastrophe, or something woree-lion The Diagnosis or Blood Stains -Wilting about tins subject, tho Janett obsones -" Dr Jos G Richardson, in an articlo puhliahod in tho Anio ita» Journal of the Medical Silences for 1874, stated that in his opinion w o arc able, bv tho aid of highor pow ors of the microscope, and under fa\ourablo circumstances, to dis- tinguish human blood steins from thoso of tho pig, ox, red dcci, cat, horse, sheep, and goat, with certainty, all theso being smaller than thoso of tho ordinary human rod disc lins conclusion has îeccntly boon called in quostion by Dr J J Woodward, who maintains that we can novor truthfully affirm on tbo strongth of microscopio in- vestigation that a gixon stain is positi\oly com- posed of human blood Dr Richardson, in tho Ailie) i can Join nat for April, in reply, somowhat modifies his original statements, admitting that groat difllculty would »riso in any given cist, but, on tho other hand, so tar sup- port« his former view thnt ho thinks it often happens m practice tint oudonco othor thon microscopical nanows down tho conditions of a caso to tho question ' Is this slain human blot d, or that of an ox, pig, or Bhoop f ' Tho nitcro scopiflt can then in such eases, from fair spocimens of blood spots ne ordinarily produced, affirm truthfully that a 'given stain is positively composed of human blood,' should it really be so, and this ho thinks ho can conclusively pravo Wo should not ourselves Uko to go beyond a ' strong presumption ' m this direction, and w e should bo sorry te seo this exceeded by a medical witness, however skilled in tho use of the microscopo, in a criminal caso ' A Man Lost at Mount Bisciiofi -We (launceston Lxaminei) havo received intelligence that a minor has been lost in tho bush betwoon Mount Bischoff and Emu Bay It appears that on tho Uth September two muicrs, named John and Patrick Ryan, wero coming down with somo others to tho bay, but got drinking ou tho road, and John Ryan wandered off into tho bush As soon na ho wai, missed b\ his comrndea search was modo, but nothing boa been heard of him since John Ryan w is usually a steady man, and was trusted by some of tho other minors with money belonging to them to bring down, and hod at tho limo of his disappearance, tomo £60 on bun On íecoipt of the nows, through s man named Oeborno, a mate of Ryan's, and who arrived by the Pioneer m town on baturday, Constablo M'Auhffo, who is a brother rn-law of Ryan's, forwarded _20 to tho Superintendent of Police, to organiso a search, and Mr J S Goodall, who was m town, and had brought up somo ilC belonging te Patrick Ryan, to bank for him, at pneo decided on taking tho monoy back to aid tho seal cb, and leaves by tho Pioneer to-day for tho Bay, whoro on arrival he will ergani/o a svstematio search for tho missing man It ia sincerely to bo hoped it may bo successful, and that wo may not hear of a repetition of tho Bad fato which has alread\ befallen ono man m that district lately Twffd River.-The correspondent of the Richmond Jitvci Espies writes on September l8 -Wo nave li id some beautiful rain sinco my last lust enough ¡for all fluming purposes All thoso engaged in ploughing vid j-irepanng land for sugar cano, _c , fcol tho bonoiit of it lho farmers appear to bo planting a good deal of «gar cane thjs soson Ono of our oldest settlors boro, Mr John M'Lcod modo a mot o somo thrco or four weeks ago, lo tnduco tbo Sugar Roílning Company to ostablish uncliincry here Ho succoeded in gotting about ¿100 acres promised, and for the first two year« I believe tho farmers promised te sell at 8s per ton Tho Abbotsford sugar mill, under the management of Mr Muir, continues to turn out Buponor sugar Tho three year old cauo is not all crushed yet, nnd it continues, notwithstanding its n any disad\ intnges, to turn out over two tens per acre I regrot to ha\o to loport a very serious accident, which occuired at tho above mill te day As Mr Tohn Sharpo, a resident «f tho Upper Iwecd, was showing his wifo around the null, whilo in the act of pissing tho horizontal wheel which dmos the centrifugal, and which was going at full speed, ho by some means lost hiB balanco and stepped into it Mr fahankie, who was close at hand, with ¿reit presence of mind and piomptitudo stopped tbo ongino, when Mr ouurpo was lelciscd, but not before very serious injury had been dono te ono of his legs Ho is now doing w oil, and "lough somo months may elapso botero ho will bo ohio to get nbout, ho will most likoly recover its free uso again Imp at Yass-It is reported by the tout in that on Sunday morning, a uro broko out on tho premises of Mr Pothnc, situated on Mount Pleasant It was found thal tho building adjacent to tho dwolhng tiouK computing a kitchen, and dining room, mid bed voom (the latter fortunately unoccupied on this particular u'ijhl), was so far under tho pow or of tho Haines that nothing could bo sa\ ed El orything the building contained was completely destroyed, and nil that could bo done by tho io» I ei sons present was te uso their o\orv exertion to pi o ven the Bin-ending of tho fire to tho neighbouring housos * oí tunal _> the wind, which was pretty strong at tbo timo, »as blowing away from tho adjoining building of Mi ^i0' °i iho Probability is that it would have been ra\eloped in Annies before tho occupunts woro moused or »letiiediswcred lho loss sustainolby tbo uro is esti- mated al ov er £250 Tho building was uninsured Chinese Deaths on the Palmer-The Cooktown Herald says -A gentleman lately returned from the Palmer reports having on his way down seen great numbers of dead Chinamen lying unburied. One China man was lying dead in the water at the first crossing of the Palmer, where horses have to be watered, a most dis gusting mass of decaying humanity. One peculiarly re volting thing is that the Chinese seem to have an actual abhorrence of touching, or even of being seen near their dead countrymen. An amusing instance of this trait was observed by our informant during his journey. A dead Chinky was lying close by the track; a Chinaman was waddling along with his baskets and bamboo pole at the regulation jog-trot, but catching sight of his dead country- man, John turned off at a tangent, and "hooked it" up the hill at the rate of ten knots an hour, baskets and all. Arrived at the top of the hill, John made a wide detour, apparently afraid that the ghost of his countryman might stick him up for burial fees. 