Chapter XXXII.—A Specimen of My . Wisdom... .. _ . . The scene must follow my erratic move ments—the scene must close on London for awhile, and open in Edinburgh. Two days had passed since Major Fitz David's dinner party. I was able to breathe again freely, after the utter de struction of all my plans for the future, and of all the hopes that I had founded on them. I could now see that I had been trebly in the wrong—wrong in hastily and cruelly suspecting an inno cent woman; wrong in communicating my suspicions (without an attempt to verify them previously) to another per son ; wrong in accepting the flighty in ferences and conclusions of Miserrimus Dexter as if they had been solid truths. I was so ashamed of my folly, when I thought of the past; so completely dis couraged, so rudely shaken in my con fidence in myself, when I thought of the future, that, for once in a way, I accepted sensible advice when it was offered to me. " Mydear," said good old Benjamin, after we had thoroughly talked over my discom fiture on our return from the dinnerparty, "judging by what you tell me of him, I don't fancy Mr. Dexter. Promise me that you will not go back to him, until you have first consulted some person who is fitter to guide you through this dange rous business than I am." I gave him my promise, on one condi tion. "If I fail to find the person," I said, " will you undertake to help me ?" Benjamin pledged himself to help me, cheerfully. The next morning, when I was brush ing my hair, and thinking over my affairs, I called to mind a forgotten reso lution of mine, at the time when I first read the report of my husband's Trial. I mean the resolution—if Miserrimus Dexter failed me—to apply to one of the two agents (or solicitors, as we should term them), who had prepared Eustace's defence, namely, Mr. Playmore. This gentleman, it may be remembered, had especially recommended himself to my confidence by his friendly interference, when the Sheriff's officers were in search of my husband's papers. Referring back to the evidence of "Isaiah Schoolcraft," I found that Mr. Playmore had been called in to assist and advise Eustace by Miserrimus Dexter. He was, therefore, not only a friend on whom I might rely, but a friend who was personally acquainted with Dexter as well. Could there be a fitter man to apply to for enlightenment in the darkness that had now gathered round me 1 Benjamin, when I put the question to him, acknow ledged that I had made a sensible choice on this occasion, and at once exerted him self to help me. He discovered, through his own lawyer, the address of Mr. Play more's London agents, and from these gentlemen he obtained for me a letter of introduction to Mr. Playmore himself. I had nothing to conceal from my new adviser ; and I was properly described in the letter as jEustace Macallan's second wife. The same evening we two set forth (Benjamin refused to let me travel alone) by the night mail for Edinburgh. I had previously written to Miserri mu3 Dexter (by my old friend's advice) merely saying that I had been unex pectedly called away from London for a few days, and that I would report to him. the result of my interview with Lady Clarinda on my return. A characteristic answer was brought back to the cottage by Ariel:—"Mrs. Valeria—I happen to be a man of quick perceptions; and I can read the unwritten part of your letter. Lady Clarinda has shaken your confidence in me. "Very good. I pledge myself to shake your confidence in Lady Clarinda. In the meantime, I am not offended. In serene composure I wait the honor and the happiness of your visit. Send me word by telegraph whether you would like truffles again, or whether you would prefer something simpler and lighter—say that incomparable French dish. Pig's Eyelids and Tamarinds. Be lieve me always your ally and admirer, your poet and cook.—Dexter." Arrived in Edinburgh, Benjamin and I had a littto discussion. The question in dispute Between us was, whether I should go with him or go alone, to Mr. Play more. I was all for going alone. " My experience of the world is not a very large one,'' I said; " but I have observed that, in nine cases out of ten, a man will make concessions to a woman, if she approaches him by herself, which he would hesitate even to consider if another man was within hearing. I don't know how it is—I only know that it is so If I find that I get on badly with Mr Playmore, I will ask him for a second appointment, and in that case you shall accompany me. Don't think me self willed. Let me try my luck alone, and let us see what comes of it." Benjamin yielded with his customary consideration for me. I sent my letter of introduction to Mr. Playmore's office —his private house being in the neigh borhood oi Grleninch. My messenger brought back a polite answer, inviting me to visit him at an early hour in the afternoon. At the appointed time, to the moment, I rang the bell at the office door. {To be continued.) We have received from Messrs. E. S. Wig? & Son a new work by R. S. Whitworth, entitled " Cobb's Box." Like some of Mr, Whifcworth'a former works, this consists of a series of well-told tales, supposed to have been repeated to the author on the box seat of one of Oobb's coaches in the various parts of Australia and New Zealand. The tales are strung together with a slight thread oi narrative, and are prefaced by a capital introduction, giving a historical sketoh of the great Coaching Com pany which for near a quarter of a century has been known in the colonies a3 "Cobb's," The tales are supposed to be told either by the coachmen or by fellow-travellers of the author, and they form interesting reading. They com piise " The Murder by the Hut," l! How James Bradley Came up to Time," " The Dream Wit ness," "Maohett Under Difficulties," "The Ghost in the Glass," "Hum and Bitters," and '•A Grim Joke." Though the stories are possessed of various degrees of merit, they are all worth reading, and they give a good idea of some phases of colonial life. The following particulars of murder and outrage by natives at the Laura Eiver, North Queensland, are given by the Cooklown Herald"Four men were living on the banks of the Laura Eiver, at the crossing-place—three in charge of the Government boat, the fourth in charge of the mail contractor's stables. The first intimation the party had of any blacks being in the vicinity was on Monday evening. About sundown, Brady, who waB sitting by the camp fire, had his meditations suddenly brought to an unpleasant end by finding four spears thrown at him. He started to run to his tent, a few yards distant 5 while so doing, a spear struck him in the thigh, and penetrated through the front. Blair, the man who was killed—a man well known in town—seems to have been sitting at the door of his own tent, a short distance on. He started to run to Brady's tent, and had a spear stuck through his spine, and. fell down dead at the' tent door. ( The other two men escaped unhurt. We suppose there ia scarcely any use in reiterating our appeal to the Govern ment upon the subject of police protection; yet io is a matter of grave importance when we state this murder took plaoe on the main road to the Palmer, along which scores of men travel almost daily. The 'niggers' had evidently watched these men—possibly for hours—till they caught them away from their tents, and consequently from their firearms; then they made a rush, the result being the sudden death of one man, and the disabling of a second. This particular spot has always borne an unenviable notoriety, as being mere infested with, blacks than any other part of the road." 