News and Notes from Melbourne. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) November 29. THE system of penal discipline has changed much since the days of " His Natural Life." It has been asserted by many people that we err on the side of leniency, and that to be a convict is rather a pleasant thing. A man having six months to spend in gaol can doubtless not only reflect upon his past misdeeds, but cultivate an enforced abstinence from colonial beer, which will send him back to Little Bourke-street with a renovated liver. The convict Weechurch, now under sentice of death for a murderous assault, does not take this extreme view. He asserts that he has been so unjustly treated that he must needs murder an unoffending man— not for the purpose of being hanged out of the way, as did the really desperate men of Port Arthur and Norfolk Island, but for the purpose of ob- taining an opportunity to accuse his gaolers, The fact is that the discipline of Pentridge, in- stead of being too severe, is not severe enough. The reaction consequent upon the discovery of the extreme brutality of the old system, the working of which is literally shown in the novel now publishing in your columns.— made our rulers lean to sentimentality rather than to harshness. I have been all over Pent- ridge, and can confidently assert that if a pri- soner conducts himself with propriety, his life is by no means unendurable. That it is not a pleasant one must be admitted, but then, men do not go to gaol to enjoy themselves. As for Weechurch himself, my impression is that he is insane. I saw him a few weeks ago.—a gentle man from Queensland, by the way, was with me — and he was by no means in bad case. A clean cell, a good bed, enough to eat, books to read amusing books, too.—pencil and paper, and just enough exercise to keep him in health, lt is true that, between his visitors and himself was a barred iron gate, but then he had proved its use by frequent attacks upon his gaolers, when no such impediment to the free exercise of his luna- cies presented itself. The occasion of my visit was a semi-official one, and Weechurch poured out an inciherent story of his wrongs to a compassionate or curious listener among the party. For myself, I was principally concerned at hearing Mr. Weechurch state that he had not been "properly reported" for the damage done by burning a certain carpenters' shop. " It cost the Government more like £5000 than £500 !" was his triumphant cry. It is a question whether the man, if treated medi- cally, might not recover. It is certain that if he remains in Pentridge, under the same discipline, he will make another attempt to murder, and perhaps succeed. Many people, however, argue that hanging is less expensive a mode of dis- posing of a dangerous criminal lunatic than con- finement for life in a lunatic asylum, and that it is also more certain. I am not indisposed to agree with them. One of the witnesses called by Weechurch to testify to the brutality of the warders was Scott, alias Captain Moonlight. This gentleman robbed a bank at Egerton, for which crime one of the bank officials was for some time under suspicion and surveillance. He is a bold determined scoundrel, and has been detected in making the barrel of a pistol while working in the blacksmith's shop, Another witness named O'Day is a relic of old times, having passed several years in the old Collingwood Stockade. He has threatened to murder Mr. England, a Catholic chaplain attending the prisoners, and is at present under sentence of solitary confinement for stabbing an overseer in the eye. Yesterday an attempt was made to get up a demonstration in the Royal Park in favor of a commutation of the death sentence passed on Weechurch, but it was very indifferently at- tended, and the audience principally those of the vagabond class. A Mr. Clow presided, and it was resolved to present a petition to the Executive. The " Weechurch business," as men call it, has almost opened up the penal discipline question. If it lead to the admission of reporters to the sittings of the visiting jus- tices, I think that all needful reforms will have been accomplished. You remember some time ago that I com- mented upon the curious proceedings of some of the local justices of the peace. The vagaries of those gentlemen have at last aroused the ire of the Government, and "enquiries" are being made. Mr. Harnett, the J.P. who gets drunk and abuses ladies, has been "allowed to resign," and a justice at Wangaratta has been "called upon for an explanation " of " insulting conduct" —Quis custodiet custodes ! There is quite a fluttering in the justices' dove-cot, and Shallow is in a parlous state. Scarlet fever is flourishing, several new cases having been reported. Notice has been given of the Public Health Act Amendment Bill, and this measure provides for the abolition of cess- spits. Landlords, of course,are in great alarm, and meet each other at the corners of streets, wagging their heads and prophesying ruin, lt is certainly hard that a man should not be allowed to poison his neighbors when they don't object. Apropos of diseases, I may refer to hospitals. The Alfred Hospital folks were thinking of a " calico ball," but the originator of the project was informed that "in view of the existing depression "—in business, I presume— " it was doubtful if the speculation would be a pecuniary success." The fact is that those shopkeepers and their wives constitute our high society, and have spent all their spare pocket-money at the races. The victory of Wollomai has put the book makers into a fidget. £30,000 changed hands over Captain Cleeland's gallant nag. When an honest man's honest horse, honestly run, wins a Melbourne Cup, good-bye to the palmy-times of the Ring and the Book. Mr. Mason - by-the-way, did I mention about his quarrel in my last!— has paid up. The V. R. C. decided against him, and he at once forwarded the money. It is to be regretted that he did not, at the same time, repeat his original statement concerning his ignorance of the bet. However, the scandal has died out now, and we are talking of something else. If I were to scrape my grandmother to death with oyster shells, and be discovered, the public would forget all about it in a week. What we are occupied in gaping at, just now, is the story of the German immigrants. We had two or three pleasant days last week, over the London correspondent of the Argus, Mr. David Blair, and Mr. Marcus Clarke, concerning one James Weathercock, or T. W, Wainwright, Esq., a poisoner. Mr. Clarke corrected the Lon- don correspondent on Tuesday, Mr. Blair cor- rected Mr. Clarke on Wednesday, Mr. Clarke replies on Thursday, somebody else fires hit- or miss on Friday, and so on. It was very enter- taining, not to say instructive, for Wainwright was the inventor of strychnine as a means of succeeding to property. But to our Germans. No more romantic story—not even that of John Renton (whose portrait as sitting fishing for sharks with his big too does as much credit to the imagination of the artist of the Sketcher as to that of the writer in the Courier)— has ap- peared in print since the days of the Eureka Stockade. A few days ago appears a paragraph in an up-country paper that a whole colony of German immigrants were starving near Benalla. The police and the reporters proceed thither, and find, at Cocked-hat Creek, a collection of huts containing some folks dying of scurvy and a prophetess. Explanation being had, it was discovered that, just before the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian war, there had lived in the village of Hainau, in Silesia, a woman named Maria Heller, who prophesied concerning that calamity. In 1874, she further said that a tre- mendous revolution was about to take place, and that the only safe place would be Australia. Sixty- four of the unhappy villagers cast in their lot with hers, clubbed their money, and made tracks for the promised land. If Miss Heller had been Moses she could not have brought them into Canaan by a more circuitous route. First they went to Hamburg, and thence to Lon- don, whence the Somersetshire convoyed them to Melbourne. A Silesian, one Berndt, had some land at Benalla, and to Benalla went the party by waggon ! Their cumbrous household furniture was packed in vans, and, after unheard-of tribulations they reached their destination. Among them they took up 800 acres, and, having spent what money they had left in purchasing rations, soon began to starve Poor Berndt paid £60 for the freight and charges on their luggage, and supplied them with food as long as he could. When the prophetess, how- ever, desired her flock not to work, Berndt de- clined to further interfere, and withdrew his protection. The police supplied their wants and medical attendance was ordered for the sick. The woman, Heller, is described as being hideously ugly given to hysterical fits, and prone to poly- andry, having several husbands among her disci- ples. She once received a message in her sleep that a young man named Messingbrod was to marry lier. Messingbrod did so, and soon after she had another vision of one Schults, and he at present is her choson mate. The following statement was made by this charming woman's stepfather, to the Argus' reporter :— " My name is Carl Scholtze ; 1 am fifty-six years of ago I consider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller ; she is thirty-three years of age ; I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead ; I have known her about five years ; I knew her at Jhordauton, near Hainau, in Silesia ; she has not always had these fits ; she is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits ; I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven ; I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned iu the Bible ; the spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is is one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities— but what were we to do ? We can- not speak English ; the notices of the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt ; wo also sent him the other five notices, bul he refused to send them on ; Maria does not interfere in cases of sickness; we could not send for a doctor because we had no money ; no doctor would come all this distance without payment; we have not much food ; I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon ; I do not know how often Maria has these trances ; she had one last night; I do not know whether she received any message from heaven ; we left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by the Almighty." It is clear that the age of the Credulity of Man is not yet passed, A prophetess is bad enough, but an ugly one is abominable. At the Lands' Office, yesterday (says the Ipswich Observer) seventeen applications were re- ceived for the land thrown open on Franklyn Vale run,— covering an area of 6080 acres. Instruc- tions were received by telegram from Brisbane' on Monday afternoon to withdraw one-half of the land thrown open ; otherwise the number of applications would appear much larger, as the greater number of the applications were for se- lections on the portion which has been with- drawn. it is intended to offer the portion thus withdrawn for sale by auction, and to throw open for selection a corresponding portion of the run in the land which has been already sur- veyed. " SNYDER" thus discourses in the Coromandel, Mail on the Baroness Burdett Coutts : "In a supplement to the Auckland Evening Star, nearly a column of reading matter is devoted to eulogising the Baroness Burdett Coutts. Miss Burdett Coutts, by which name she is better known, is the richest woman in the world. She is an old maid, more's the shame for her, con- sidering she has been asked in marriage as many times as it would 'take a cannon' ball seconds to reach the sun, which is 96,,000,000 miles, within a foot or so either way. After extolling Miss Burdett Coutts' many virtues, allowing how, at an outlay of £50,000, she founded three Colo- nial Bishoprics at Adelaide, Cape Town, and British Columbia, and founding other things beside, her eulogiser goes on to say that the wealth of Lady Burdett Coutts, if told in sove- reigns, would weigh 13 tons, and fill 107 flour sacks. Now we say, with all deference to anyone whomaydissent from us, that Miss Burdett Coutts is not a good woman, or she, without chick or child to provide for, would not be in possession of 13 tons of sovereigns, which would fill 107 flour sacks. So far from Miss Coutts being a good woman, we must think her the reverse, when we think of the complete misery and utter destitution of thousands of families in London ; when we hear of them dying in garrets of star- vation ; when we hear of children fading out of existence for want of nourishment; and all this , while there is an old girl, with never a husband, who has got 13 tons of sovereigns, which will fill 107 flour sacks. And yet she is pronounced so good because she bas founded three bishoprics, which would have founded themselves if she hadn't done it. What a pity it is that Miss Coutts couldn't get an Act passed, by which she could take her sacks of gold with her when she left this world to live in another climate !" The chance of India supplying its own iron is not so good as it was a twelvemonth ago. 'The production has declined considerably. The prospects of Indian coal, however, are more hopeful. Tho consumption is already on the increase, and in another year tho sales may very well reach a million tons. The next thing to be done, observes a contemporary, is to improve the grates, which are anything but properly adapted to burn the coal of the country.— Times of India. From tho Indian files of paper we (Straits . Times ) notice how nearly all India was on the qui vive of expectation of the visit of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. We certainly pity the Prince, for it will require a man of cast-, iron constitution to stand all the fatigue, &c;, he will be called to undergo for the next four months, and to be able to digest and assimilate, all he will be invited to eat and drink, will require a stomach like a new boiler. We can fancy the Prince, on retiring for the night, cry- ing, "Save me from my friends." We confess to much misgivings for his safety, and it will be a relief to know he has re-embarked on board the Serapis, homeward bound, in health and strength.— On dil that the Times has agreed to pay £200 per despatch for the telegraphic trans- mission from India of its correspondent's com- munications during the visit of the Prince of Wales to that country. 