ORIGINAL POETRY. OLD JEMMY'S GHOST. A CAMP-FIRE YARN—FROM THE VERITABLE PROSE OF A NEW ENGLAND BUSHMAN. Come, mates, take a draught of your quart-pot tea, Full justice to beef and to damper ye've done; Our beds are all ready, no making they'll take, For a saddle's our pillow, and sheets we have none. 'Tis too early to roost, shall I tell you a yarn, The camp-fire is blazing, so gather around And list to the story of OLD JEMMY'S GHOST, 'Twill make your hearts shiver and thump, I'm bound. James Jorkins once lived on the Bogieboo Run, And a regular lagging "Old Hand" was he; With a very queer notion of mine and thine, And an eye that two ways at once could see. Not a bit could he 'rithmetic, read, or write, But could "calculate," dodge, and think the more; His conscience and tipple-top muckle could hold, But he had his own notions which troubled him sore. And one of these was—that the soul of a man Would migrate to the creature that suited him best; To working bullocks the worst would be turned, While the racehorse's pleasures belonged to the blest. The crows he abhorred, for those caw-cawing birds Were jawing old overseers plainly he'd see; And as for policemen and them 'ere new chums, No insect to hold them could bad enough be. Besides this he fancied Sir Nicholas Imp Had a right to some souls, which, without more ado, He could carry off straight to his own roasting spit; And Jemmy oft thought he was one of the few— For so the crows told him, and when he shot one, Blacked-robed to the funeral in hundreds they came; With cawing, wise- sawing, they nigh drove him mad, But one and all warned him the same and the same. And at night when rolled in his blanket he slept, He dreamed that his owner had come for his right; And dragging him over the [?] In horrid claw- clutches was holding him tight. Jem woke quite astonished to find himself cool, But couldn't get over it do what he would; He drew all his wages and soon "knocked 'em down," Yet still in a horrible fright he stood. One evening he went forth opossums to shoot, The moon shone ghostly with skeleton light, The air was so chilly and clammily cold, That never a possy peeped out that night. But still Mr. Jemmy walked on and on, Till he reached the foot of a glooming mound; In gruesome shadow he stood and mused Of his dreamings and dread, with his eyes on the ground, When lo! a sepulchral sound was heard— A horrible bogie-like heart-stopping "Boo-oo-oo" His hour was nigh, he felt in his bones, And pea-green with terror he looked up—too true! There staring him straight in his guilty old face, Two fiery eye-balls glittered and glared; With long black body and forking tail, And horns that white in the darkness flared. James Jorkins turned blue, for his blood was congealed, And he quivered and shivered, and shattered and shook; Even his whiskers and beard grew stiffened and white, Like a vivified corpse the man did look. He could not move, and he dared not speak, Though a mocking old crow woke up and cawed. Transfixed and dumb-foozled he stood, although Each moment he thought to be clapper-clawed. Old Jemmy was mighty slow at work, Not a stump he would stir be ye ever so pressed, But the eyes looked away for an instant or two, And at once he could scuttle and run with the best. He turned on his heel, with the imp at his back,— When ye bolt from a bogie your feet will be light!— And never he stopped till he reached the hut, And cheated old Nick for once that night! So this is the story of Old Jemmy's Ghost! 'Tis a horrible, true, and authentic tale, At least so he says. But we had our doubts, And went out directly the goblin to nail. Nick had vanished in smoke!!!—But a quiet old cow With green eyes in moonlight glowing as red, Whose body was dark, and whose tail was long, Stood dumbly and stupidly there in his stead! AUSTRALIE. 