THE BABYLON OF THE REVELATION OF ST. JOHN. By the Rioht Rev. Bishop Wordsworth, Chapter ii. Whether Babylon in the Apocalypse is the Church of Rome. nWhat a simple rule ! how easy of application ! p.tinv':it be imagined, that the' author of the jMpocalypse would not have commended it? iCan it be imagined that St. John — or rather the :apirit ot God who wrote by him — would have been silent on this momentous matter? that He, when writing a prophetic history of the Church, would not have breathed a syllable about it ? And yet, if the Church of Rome is not the Harlot City, if she is not Babylon, then she is not even once mentioned in the Apocalypse 1 Indeed, it is affirmed by Bossuet, that there "is not a single trace of the Church of Rome in this whole Book." 6) Her very ex istence is ignored. And yet we are assured by all Romish Divines and Roman Pontiffs, that Rome is " the Mother and Mistress of Churches," and that communion with the See of Rome is indispensable, and that subjection to her laws is necessary to salvation ! . . How incredible ! Let us again put the same case. Let these prophecies of the Apocalypse be imagined to concern Rome only as a City, a pagan City, and not as the Papal Church. What then? Here are divine prophecies — prophecies large and full — commended in solemn terms to the pious meditation of the Church, even till Christ comes ;(7) and yet they can afford warning and comfort only to a few, for a short period after they were pub lished. Pagan Rome was sacked by Alaric and the Goths in the year of our Lord 410, little more than three hundred years after the Apocalypse was written ; and then we are told by Bossuet and other Romish Divines, Babylon fell ! What a lame fulfilment of these predictions ! Give every advantage to the supposition. Allow that they were believed by the early Christians to be consummated in heathen Rome ; — which is not the case ; — then what follows ? Some ancient Christians were instructed by them ; and, instructed to do what? To shun the idolatry of heathen Rome. Not to sacrifice to Jupiter ! Not to burn incense to the statue of the Roman Emperor ! , Did they need a new, large, and elaborate prophecy to teach them that ? St. Peter and St. Paul and all the Apostolic martyrs had done this. The Apocalypse was not necessary to save them from apostasy. No ; with reverence be it said, here was no worthy crisis for the intervention of the Holy Spirit of God. But now change the hypothesis. Suppose Babylon to be, not a pagan City, but a corrupt Church, putting forth her claims, and veiling her corruptions, under the most specious and alluring colours j hiding them under the fair forms of Antiquity, Sanctity, Unity, and Universality. Then the case is different. Here is a new fonn of evil requiring a new remedy. Here is an Antichrist (8) sitting in the Church, and teaching error disguised as Truth, an Antichrist speaking in the name of ChriBt. Hero is a strong delusion, one that may ensnare the world. Here is a critical occasion, an urgent exigency, for the interven tion of the Holy Ghost. Here is a profitable exercise of His Divine Office of propheoy, guidance and warning to the Church. Here is a fit Mission for the Comforter. And if such a Church as we have now described has existed, and if it has continued to exist for many centuries, and does now exist in the world ; if it has so existed, and does still exist, at Rome; and if, by the union of the secular power with the spiritual, the Roman Church is, and has long been, identified with the Roman City ; and if the Apocalyptic Baby lon is the City of Rome, as all allow, then we here see a proof that the Babylon of the Apocalypse, which is confessed by Romish Divines to be the Roman City, is not only the Roman City, but is also the Roman Church. At this point, a few words may be addressed to some persons, who affirm that the real con flict of our own times is not between one form of Christianity and another, but between Christianity and Infidelity j and who either overlook these prophecies of the Apocalypse altogether, and seem to forget that they exist in the Word of God, and that the Holy Spirit pronounces those "blessed, who read and keep the words of this prophecy, and denounces a malediction on all who take away from them ; or else draw these prophecies aside from their aim, and are impatient with those who retain them in that direction which they believe, and think they can prove to be the true one. It cannot be denied, that we have much to dread from Infidelity ; their fea»s in this respect are ours. We also allow that the Antichrist briefly noticed by St. John in two of his Epistles is an Infidel Power. But it is not the main end and aim of Prophecy, to warn men now against Infidelity, any more than it was formerly against Pagan ism. The power described by St. Paul and St. John in the Apocalypse is expressly called a Mystery. But Infidelity proclaims itself ; so does Popery ; it is no " Mystery." And Christ has pronounced His sentence, once for all, against unbelief : ' He that believeth and is ' baptized shall be saved , but he that believeth not shall be damned. "(9) No subsequeut voice could add force or clearness to this divine verdict. But it is the legitimate aim and end of Christian prophecy, to warn the world against the insidious designs and mysterious workings of deadly error, masked in the garb of religion ; for Satan is never so much to be feared as when he is " transformed into an Angel of Light." (I) And even because Infidelity was to be dreaded, this warning against corrupt religion 6 Pref. x. he calls "Rome une Eglise, dont il . n'y a aucun vestige dans tout le livre.", 7 Rev. i. 3 ; xxii. 19, 20. 8 For "there were many Antichrists " (1 John ii. IS). The Author of this Essay does not identify the Apocalyptic Beast with the infidel Antichrist mentioned in St John's Epistles (1 John ii. 18, 22 ; iv. 3. 2 John 7), though the one may, and probably will, lead to, and be absorbed in, the other. 9 Mark xvi, 16. 1 2 Cor. xi. 14, was necessary to be given 5 for the raijp those who use religion as a cloak for shiand') error is worse than that of heathens. (2) Super stition is the most prolific source of Atheism. When a people sees religion allying itself with imposture, they soon regard religion as a fraud. Thus superstition drives them into unbelief. This, as the author of this essay knows too well from personal observation, is the danger of Italy and France at this time. (3) Looking, then, at the declarations of Scrip ture concerning Infidelity, and at the true ends of Christian prophecy, and at the perils of the world from Infidelity, and at the language and spirit of these Apocalyptic prophecies, we see reason to believe, even on this account, that the form of Antichristianism contemplated by them is not a heathen, or infidel, but a religious, one. 8\. Another objection may be considered here. Some persons have alleged, that since prophecy is best interpreted by its fulfilment, and since all do not agree in interpreting these Apocalyptic prophecies in such a manner as to apply them to Rome, and since Rome denies that they are applicable to herself, therefore they ought not to be so interpreted. But a little consideration will show the fallacy of this allegation. It is indeed true, that prophecy is best in terpreted by its fulfilment ; and if it cannot be proved to the satisfaction of candid, intelligent, and attentive inquirers, that these prophecies have been partly fulfilled in the Church of Rome, then assuredly there is a strong presump tion that they have not been so fulfilled. But — because the fulfilment is not universally acknowledged, and, particularly, not acknow ledged by the Church of Rome — it is not there fore trne, that they have hot been fulfilled. All Christians agree that the prophecies of the Old Testament, concerning the Messiah, have now been fulfilled for near two thousand years in the person of Jesus Christ. And yet, up to this hour, the heathens do not believe this ; and, what is' more, the Jews, who held those prophecies in their hands, and were the most concerned in the accomplishment of those prophecies, do not acknowledge their fulfilment, but obstinately deny it. But, let us ask — Does this denial of that ac complishment in any degree invalidate the truth of these prophecies, or render their fulfilment less certain? Assuredly not. Nay, it con firms it. For this incredulity of the Jews was predicted in those prophecies : " Lord, who hath believed our report ?"(4) In like manner, it is futile to allege, that these prophecies of the Apocalypse do not point at the Church of Rome, because the Church of Rome does not acknowledge that they concern her. Indeed this her scepticism concerning them is a corroboration oi the proof of their fulfilment. Just as it was foretold in the prophecies of the Old Testament, that the Jews would not believe their fulfilment, so in like manner it is foretold in those of the Apocalypse, that she whom they do concern will not believe them, and will not repent, (5) but will be stricken with judicial blindness, and be hardened by God's judgments ; in a word, that Babylon will be Babylon to the end. Therefore, if the Church of Rome is Babylon, we have no reason to be surprised that she does not acknowledge, and .have no reason to expect that she will acknowledge, that she her self is the subject of these prophecies, and is there pourtrayed as Babylon. Let us observe here the mysterious dealings of God. The Jews hold in their hands, and revere as divine, the Old Testament. And from the Old Testament the Church of Christ proves her own cause against the Jews. And so the Church of Rome holds in her hands the Apocalypse; she acknowledges it to be the work of St. John, and requires all men to receive it as divinely inspired. (6) And may not perhaps the Church of Christ prove from it hei own cause against Rome ? The true question therefore, we see, is— not whether the Church acknowledges — no, nor whether persons of our own Communion, ac knowledge, that these prophecies have been already fulfilled, or are being fulfilled, and will be completely fulfilled, in the Church of Rome — but whether there is evidence to convince an unprejudiced mind that such is the case. This is the question before us. 9\. Let us therefore proceed with our argu ment. The Woman, called the "Harlot, (7) and "Babylon, or "the Great City, the " City on Seven Hills," the City of Rome, sits on the Beast as on a throne, that is, governs it, and is supported by it. The Beast is repre sented as having ten Horns (8) bearing Crowns (9) 2 Hooker, Sermon v. 9 : " Mockers (Jude 81) are they that use Religion as a cloak ; who kiss Christ with Judas, and betray Him with Judas . . . who use truth to subvert truth, yea Scriptures themselves to disprove Scripture. , . . Surely the condition of these men is more lamentable than is the condition of Paeans and Turks." fa 3 In the present day, all will do well to ponder the words of our great English Divine Bp. Bull. Speaking of certain Romish corrup tions, especially in the worship of the Blessed Virgin, he says, " Wise men have thought that the authors of these romances in religion were no better than the tools of Satan, used by him to expose the Christian Religion, and thereby to introduce Atheism." Bp. Bull, Serm. iv. vol i. p. 106, ed. Oxf. 1827. 4 Isa. liii. 1. John xii. 38. 5 Rev. ix. 20; xvi. 9-11. 6 See Concil. Tridentin, Sess. iv. where "Apocalypsis Joannis Apostoli" is speoified in her Canon of Scripture. 7 Heidegger's note deserves attention (Myst. Babylon, i. 53) : " Meretrix a Best'ul dis- tinguenda est. Meretrix in Bestiu, sedet, eamque regit, subjicit, et ad facienda imperata flectit. Bestia, multitudo regnum constituenB, meretricem. . . . Eadem utrobique Baby lon : sed parte imperante et parente discreta. " 8 These Ten Horns, as Mede observes, are not to be regarded as distributed among the Seven Heads, but as all issuing from the Seven Heads, but as all issuing from the Seventh Head. 9 Rev. xiii. 1. The word hero rendered crowns is the emblem of royalty, distinguished from (Rev. vi. 2) the crown of victory. Both are ascribed to ChriBt. See vi, 2 ; xix. 12 7©J r Which, we are taught, are ten Kings, or King doms ; and these, it is added, had not received power in St. John's age but were afterwards to receive it with the Beast. (1) Now, if with Bossuet and his co-religioniBts, we imagine the Woman on the Beast to be Heathen, and not Christian, Rome, then, let us ask, Where, in that case, were these Ten King doms, which did not exist in St. John's age, and which were to arise and receive power together with Rome ? Heathen Rome reigned alone, and was destroyed before any such king doms arose. None can be found to correspond with St. John's description. But now adopt, again, the other supposition. Let the Beast, with the Woman enthroned upon it, represent the City and Church planted on the Seven Hills on which the Woman sits. Let it represent the Church of Rome. Then all is plain. When the Heathen Empire of Rome fell, new kingdoms arose from its ruins. These were the horns of the Beast which then sprouted up ; then the Church of Rome increased in strength ; and these kingdoms received power with her. Look again at the prophecy. These kings, we read, give their power and strength to the Beast. They reign, as kings, at the same time with the beaat. As kings — that is, they are called kings, but the Beast is the real Sovereign of their subjects. And what is the fact ? The European kingdoms, which arose at the dissolu tion of the Roman Empire, surrendered them selves to the dominion of the Church of Rome, and were, for many centuries, subject to the Papacy. The Woman, who sat upon the Beast, had her hand upon the horns, and held them firmly in her grasp. She . still treats them as her subjects. The Papal coins proclaim this. " Omnes Reges servient ei. " " Gens et Regnum, quod tibi non servient, peribit."(2) Such are her claims ; and at the coronation of every Pontiff she thus accosts him : " Know thyself to be the Father of Kings and Princes, Ruler of the World." These are the words which he assumes to himself, (3) when the Papal Tiara is placed upon his brow. Thus in the claim of the Church of Rome to exercise sway over the Kings of the earth, and in that amplitude of dominion and plenitude of felicity, to which she has appealed for so many generations as a proof that sne is favoured by Heaven, we recognise another proof that the Babylon of the Apoca lypse, the Woman on the Beast, to whom Kings were to give their power and strength, is no other than the Church of Rome. Still further : It is prophesied in the Apoca lypse that some of the horns, or kingdoms, which were to receive power together with the Beast, will one day rise against her, and eat the flesh of the Harlot, and burn her with fire. (4) Now, again suppose, for argument's sake, that the Woman on the Beast was heathen Rome., Then, we readily allow, that Alaric with his Goths, Attila with his Huns, Genseric with his Vandals, Odoacer with his Heruli, did indeed sack the City of Rome. (5) But when did they ever receive power with Rome ? when did they give their power and their strength to heathen Rome? Never. If, therefore, the Woman upon the Beast is only the City of' Pagan Rome, then the Prophecy of St. John has failed ; which, since it is from God, is im possible. But Pagan Rome has long since ceased to bel Therefore, these predictions cannot concern Pagan Rome. But they do concern the Seven- hilled City, Rome ; and, therefore, they point at that City in which the Bishop of Rome now rules. And the marvel predicted by the Apocalypse is this— and a stupendous mystery , it is— that some of the Powers of the Earth, which received strength with the' Beast, and at one time gave up their might to it, would, under the overruling sway of God's retributive justice, arise against the Woman seated on the Beast, and " tear her flesh," and burn her with fire. (6) And, what is still more marvellous, they will do this, although, in the first instance, they have been leagued with the Beast and with the False Prophet, (7) who is the ally of the Beast, on whom the Woman sits as a Queen, in opposition to Christ ; and it is told that they will punish Rome in a transport of indignation, and in a wild ecstacy of revenge. ( To be continued. ) 1 Rev. xvii. 12. Cf. Dan. vii. 7, where fllO Tlftfno CM IriniViAma ah.1 lLa'n !i! . ftuiguwmo ) ami UUlO OA.pUBl.Dl.01L IB approved by our best Divines; e.g. Bp. Andrewes, Tortura Torti, p. 181; Bp. Butler, Analogy ii. 7. 2 Seethe Papal Coins, Paris, 1672, pp. 50, 58. 3 These words were addressed to the present Pope, Pius IX., on the 21st June, 1846. 4 Rev. xvii. 16. 5 Alaric, A.D. 410 ; Attila, A.D, 452 ; Gen- seric, A.D. 455 ; Odoacer, A.D. 476. 6 Rev. xvii. 16. 7 Rev. xvii. 13, 14; xix. 19. 