ADDRESSES." \- ADLBES8 0P THH CLBEGT. \- The Very Rev., Dr. Backhaul V.G.; then read the following address from the. clergy of the diocese of Sandhurst to their mew bishops—' ; ''•' May it' please' y o t o r t h s lergy fcxercisihgJuriBdioljioriin thatpprtioh of the Lord's Sacred Vineyard reiJeiitly erected into a separate diooese, welcome yon with feelings of great, delight and satisfaction to the sphere of your future labours. It bath pleased the Holy Ghost, through the selection made of you by the Supreme Pastor of the Fold of Christ on earth, to constitute you a prinofe, of His Sacred Spiritual Kingdom;, to govern the Church tof-God; and to take, such special charge of the i children of faith. in tbis . diooese,- that, under jour spiritual,guidance, living in. the.Spirit of Christ, from that Spirit they also,;may reap life everlasting. We Approaoh you with the profound respebt due to your high ecclesiastical dignity, we ' approach you with an even more deep feeling of dutiful' devotedness to your person as the father of'this our portion of the Household of Faith, the golden link which binds us to the great apostolic centre of Catholic, unity,. the..i'theaveti guarded" infallible teacher of saving truth and sanotifiling morals—the fountain .head of Christ's jurisdiotion :liere on earth; we approach you, moreover, with a sincere promise of that canonical, obedience to your pastoral direction, which we all know full well is not only the duty but must be the delight of every true eoolesiastio. ' We all shall be but too happy with God's blessing to 6o-opefate with you to the best.of our abilities in the glorious work to which you have b'een sent, and to which yon have devoted the remainder of your life amongst us, i.e., . .the preservation and extension of the salutary influence of God's holy empire of truth,.and grace, and peace; the salvation and edification of the body of Christ. Few of us have, as yet been personally acquainted with your lordship. But we feel not the least! hesitation in saying that thfe choice made of you by His Holiness to rule over this portion of the Lord's vineyard, no less than your ever aotive zeal in forwarding the oause of holy religion, the knowledge of which won for you well merited approbation at home, and has preoeded you even to those distant shores; justify our conviotion that it was a happy choice which elevated you to the dignified position of'being our ecclesiastical superior; that you enter worthily and with pleasing anticipation of aD active and salutary future into the labours of a dignitary whose episcopal watohfulness and energy for a long series of years, faithfully seconded by his devoted Vioar-General, have earned for him the cherished and distinguished honour of having done successfully his part for fitting this portion of bis former jurisdiction into a separate diocese; and the pleasure of enthroning you to-day as its first bishop. We entertain the pleasant anticipation that many a time during your future administration of this diocese, your Lordship's heart will be cheered, and your energy will be buoyed up by the affectionate obedience of your present clergy, and of all whom, in the course of years, you may aggregate to them in the sacred ministry, by the sturdy steadfastness in their holy religion of the sons and daughters of great sires of Faith and Sanctity; by the advance of truth and piety under your fostering oare. This, your wreath of roses of spiritual consolation, will, nevertheless, not be without an interweaving of bitter myrrh and piercing thorns. Serious work is before you with its concomitant severe struggle, and with sad disappointments, perhaps not a few. You know the world hates ub, and just now stands in a more than usually threatening battle array against God's Holy Church and His Christ. What happened to the great vessel of election in Macedonia is very likely to happen to you in Victoria, so that—"Whilst you strive to cleanse your flock from all defilement of the flesh and the spirit, perfecting sanotifioation in the fear of God'"—you yourself may have no rest, suffering all tribulation—" combats without and fears within." The solioitnde for all the events of all the churohes under your jurisdiction will incessantly demand the exercise of your pastoral care and vigilanoe; but we venture to say that few considerations will fill your mind with' greater anxiety and apprehension than the working of that baneful law. of publio . elementary education, which, enacted in political hatred and haste, wilfully shut its eyes to the claims of justice, and obstinately set Aside the well-known and by far better means to its ostensible object; which, whiht it has decreed banishment, like unto dangerous beings, to God and to Christ, from the public instruction of our youth, deprives most unfairly of their just share in the disbursements of the public taxes, that integral part of our oommon-wealth which cannot, and will not, brook this implied blasphemy, of that law, which like its system, callied " compulsory and free," has disfigured with legal despotism the glorions code of our constitutional liberties. Tour struggle against this evil influence will be a hard and an unremitting one, until those who frame our laws shall understand that it is neither honourable, nor to the furtherance of our common weal, for a triumphant majority to trample nnder foot the natural rights of an out-voted minority. We know, however, that in the spirit of your holy yOoation you shrink not from this formidable eonfiiot. As for us, we will stand by your , side, and so will, we are oonvinced, your faithful, ppople ; and, under your wise and 'fearless' direction, will assist yon in preventing .the little ones, for whom Christ has died, to'fall into ^he^&ares; of godless tuitionjiiii .eternal 4fath. We respectfully entreat .jfftie sliip^to convey gratitude; for jtiis haying been pleased to erect this new. EpisoopalSes olSandhurst,-and for having pla6?d ypu,omit'#8its 'first Bishop, tye sincerely jish .'t^at .the,' Almighty of all things will yonbfrpjtfp to your Lordship along and prosperous reign over us; ,anfl that latter' a ! life'Of he&lVfr; ana-feu'ebBis : ih ! this cause of salvation^Hewho oomforteth 'the huifiblemay comfort by viotbry arid everlasting rewards on thergreat dayiCKf Christ Jesus, yonr Lordship, ypqr,,.betoyed,. flook,And jourselves, also yourfaithfulanddeyptedhuipble Jellow-labourers in the vineyardyof; salvfttipn. On the part, of the clergy ojE, this r diocese, Henry BACKHAus.Vicar-General. ..To Ihb IibrdBhip'the Right Eev. Dr. Martin Orane, (K8.JL, first Bishop of' Sandhurst, 1 Victoria, on the day of '- his sol.einn.'enthronement. TehWcost, 16th May, 1875. : : ".'," To this address His Lordship njade the following reply :— r | : ,.• , . . , . Very Reverend,u,nd desrjy beloved Clergy— In replying to.ypur beautiful address^Irnust confess that no words of mine can sufficiently convey to you. sin adequate idea pf tbp&e; feelings of gratitude. that I now'-'entertain towards you and ' all the Clergy of this hew Diocese of 1 Sandhurst. Not ' only the cordial and ' hearty weloomfr that you have given me, but also the ; great and holy zeal that you have manifested for God's glory, and the salvation of souls, as well as the tribute of 'respect and affection which you have offered me, render it imperative on my part to tender, unto you, as I now do, my most sincere and grateful acknowledgments. I feel my. heart overflowing with especial, joy at that beautiful profession of faith by which you hail me asthelnik that,unit esyouto the Apostolic See—the pillar and ground of truth. Elevated as I now am, though /unworthy, to the eBpicopal office of the illustrious-Pontiff who now sits jon the throne of- Peter; and assuming by bis command thepastoral'charge of this new »ee of Sandhurst, I^am'iBnooar- Sged,, while accepting the. responsibility, by the tribute of devotion, respeot, ;and obedience, which you, beloved clergy, have offered the to-day, as the representative in this diocese of the illustrious Pontiff Pope Pius IX. I know yojir .'piety and z'eal forthe interests of religion ; therefore, supported by yonr co-operation, united to the.blessitig of the Holy Father, I have every confidence under God that Religion will flourish in this diocese in the promotion of God's glory and the salvation of His people. J myself shall labour with you; shall work with you in the same field; for we are all engaged in.the same work. As long as God gives me life and strength, I'shall be found at the post of duty, having, in conjunction with you, my beloved clergy—no other object, no other ambition in view, but the'salvation of those.dear children of Jesus Christ that have been entrusted to my care. To carry out this great object, I shall; through you and our faithful people, endeavour to build churches, increase the number of priests, establish schools, and provide teachers, especially religious communities, to instruct our little children not merely in the duties they owe to society, but especially in the duties they owe to God. For, exposed as they now are to so many dangers, we must at all hazards secure to. our dear children a continuance of that priceless treasure of faith and innocence that they received at the baptismal font. In your address you have spoken strongly on the great question of Education. . I agree with your sentiment?, and shall co- operate with, you in endeavouring to provide for our children a System of education, founded not merely on the acquisition of the knowledge necessary for their advancement in life, but also and espeeially on the acquisition of that moral training of the heart that will lead .to the love and worship of the true God. Therefore, every system of education'that repudiates God by excluding religion from our schools must be necessarily condemned. And why? Because we isee that such systems lead to the introduction of the terrible dootrines now so prevalent in society—of Atheism and Pantheism. May God preserve us and our dear children from such an appalling calamity. Dear reverend fathers, before concluding, I must say a few wordg on another subject contained in your address, "fouiiave alluded to His trrace the Archbishop of Melbourne, who, before Sandhurst was created into a See, exerbised jurisdiction over the whole colony of Viotoria. From the commencement ' of his pastoral oharge, how more than a quarter of a century, he has, as is evident: to all, been continually, labouring to plant the faith, find spread the truths of the Gospel, in every .part of the colony; and it is to his oontinual zeal and solicitude in building churches, founding new missions, and spreading religion through the land that you are indebted for the favour conferred upon you by the Holy Father in erecting Sandhurst into an Episoopal See. And now His Holiness has raised me to the dignity of its first bishop. I feel proud and happy that I am one of his Grace's suffragans, for I shall have the aid of hie experience and good example to guide and direot me in the fulfilment of the duties of the pastoral oharge. He is truly entitled to the respeot and veneration of both clergy and people not only of the diocese, but of the whole colony of Viotoria. May God preserve his Grace for many years to his people. Deir reverend fathers, I again thank you from my heart. May God enable you and me td discharge efficiently the duties of the saored ministry for the benefit of oar beloved people—our dear flock in Jesus Christ. ' In compliance with your request, I shall, in dob time, convey :to His Holiness your th*nks for. having erected Sandhurst into., an ^pisoopal See, jand .for having ^laeefl iShg ^^.itT^'dttij^^XJbid^pu _ AnnBHBS:lOF :THB'tAXTY.> J;,;-,; • His Hohour'Judge Dunne liext read the follbwingAddxeast£rt>m r thel&iiy; bfSand- Iwart-iuKu 5«> emw-.-toq .,Ei 3. r;j-si•<„!.;.•, May it plewe jrotttf 'lioraahip.^It is with feelings of; nnalloyed happinaSs and pleasure that' we,- om jaehdf-^f QievCathelio laity of Sandhurst, and the ntigbbonring; distriots . •* . -y lag Ki^oyweexpeiW ^fieeingy^^' us is only equalled. by,oiy gratitude iT™' most Holy FatW^ d£, who. in the 7 nitnde.of, hb zeal-for <tbe advancement of saored religion,-^.his anxiety for tbt^ rjtual welfare of, ids .children, hajs oonferTi upon us the great ,and inestimable boon !? appointing your Lordship, to watch over Itl direct us in the' paths 'of virtue and reliiZ Wesincerely Wmgratulate 'ypu 6ri vonr oi vation to 'the dignity of first Bishop: of hilarge abd important diocese, and ripon ff safe arrival in this obuntiy; and are thankf i :to God that you have esoapM'the iiaWrg^ a long and perilous voyage. The flio,' ' over , which your-Lordship 1 will presiae li thoughioomppsed- of distritts many 6f tU. scattered and rfeinote, contains' a larft"? tholic population,-which, innder ybnr fogf.!' ing oare, will. iwe hope. prove a fmitfil soil wherein Catholicity, stimulated and i^viaol rated byyourpresenoe.and under your mia. ance &nd; direction, will continne/to flfmr'i.i,' and take firm root. Assuring ybur LordeWn of our steadfast and unalterable allegiance to that glorious Church to which we have the happiness and honour to belongs we! join in praying that ^mighty. God may leave von long with , us, and that .as you advance d years,;so may-you advance in the love and veneration of your flock. We subscribe ourselves your Lordship's most faithful and obedient servants, Joseph Henry; Dunne chairman of the reception committee; As' drew Thdndbh, treasurer; Francis Tahdy 1 secretary; Fa^NK Macobot. : His Lordship in reply thanked the laity for their kind .address, and said he hailed with joy their presence thert that day, for it reminded him of that sacred bond which united him to them as their spiritual father and pastor, and they to him as his deariy beloved spiritual children. He knew the many difficulties which he would havb to contend with in administering the affairs of that eitensive diocese where many Catholics lived in remote quarters, hut ke was cheered on by the expression of obedience and respect which their address contained. He had every reason, to hope that the efforts of the clergy and himself, combined with the respect of the laity for ecclesiastical authority, would cause religion to flourish in the diocese. It would be his duty to do till in his power to establish new missions, erect new churchej, build new'schools, and he felt sure that in providing for the training of their children, the laity, as well as himself, would be sensible of the truth that their little ones were not only to be taught worldly wisdom, but the knowledge of their duties to God. His Lordship, in conclusion, thanked them for their filial attachment, and promised that he would labour so that,. on his part, nothing should he warning in duty. His only solicitude during .the remainder of his life, would be the promotion of their interests. , ADDRESS OF THE HIBERNIAN 800IETT. Mr. Bartley read the following address from the Sandhurst branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society :-r- ' , The Bight Bev. Martin Crane, D.D., O.S.A., Bishop of Sandhurst.—May it please your Lordship,—We, the members of St. Kilian's Branch of the Hiberiiian Australasian Catbolio Benefit Society, hasten to greet and welcome your Lordship on arrival in tbis city, and to express our gratitude to our Holy Father in 1 creating this portion of the colony a separate diocese, and raising your Lordship to the high dignity of being its first Bishop. The chief objects of our union, as set forth in our registered law, are to cherish the memory of that land from which the majority of us received our birth ; to be practical and living-members of our Holy Church ; to provide against those casualties of sickness and distress to whioh all are liable; to aid the weak and comfort the mourner. We hope that those principles may commend themselves to favour, and-that, under your Lordship's benign and fostering oare, the members of our society, may extend and flourishover this as well as over the other parts of Australia. We pray to Almighty God that your Lordship may long continue to watch over and administer to the spiritual wants of yoni look with wisdom and hononr, and beg to subscribe ourselves, your Lordship's faithful and obedient servants—(Signed on behalf of he members)—Thomas Sullivan, President; Thomas O'Halloran, Vice president; Johh Bartley, Treasurer; Patrick Ltnch, Secretary. May, 1875. The Bishop, in reply, thanked the members for • the expressions of attachment and veneration contained in their address, and for having furnished him with a copy of the rules of the Society; some of them he had read, and others he had not yet perused, but lie had eveiy reason to hope that they would all meet with his approbati6n. To cherish the memory of Ireland, and to aid and assist brethren .'in rickness-'an'd distress, were noble objects, which, .must commend themselves to his admiration. .! in cherishing, the, r memory of the dear land fromiwfciah most-of themhad sprung th^ would ,remember. tlurt :jtheir .forefathers hadffor; ceinturies.^uffered pe r86 " : outipn, confiscation,., exile, and depth, rather than sacrifice one iota of faith or rinoiple, and they would oherish it* o? cSldren, wouia agree withW the ereat object of the education of iSn^was .the triSnibg of the-in- ^llSrt to' the lore of .God. NotJ "TTthe intellectual and physical, but the Inral powers should be (developed.'; His r r(J a'hip concluded by exprewing a hope, that -mpr6' 7 branclies of 'the : society would:; ^5blished.inthedio<»se.; ... THE ADDRESS OF THE ATT8TRALIAN-530RN CA.THOLICB. Mr M.' J. CfthilJ tefcd the address from the Australian. born Catholics, as follows:— U ... J. To the Bight Reverena ' Martin Crane, nTi firBt Lord Bisbop of Sandhurst. May -We. the Australian 1 bwlj CatbolicB pf Sandhurst, beg to approach retir Lordship witih sentiments of filial affeo-- Son, and to hail your advent to;your diocesemlhtbemost profound love and devotion. It * period'in the worldte history, when venerable and holy prieBts of, the Church militant are enduring poverty, imprisoment, ind exile through anti-Chri«tian laws, eriacted<tna administered by impious men for the: subversion of religion in. Prussia, when- the altawof pur holy Church-are desecrated in Italy and in Switzerland, it is, a Bource, Of neat gratification for us to knpw thatour Holy Father the Pope is, from his prison in the Vatioan-, extending the Hierarchy to the Utmost ends of the earth,.and that hip,Holiness hasjnot been unmindful of the spiritual wants-of hi?: children in Sandhurst. Dejeended, as thoat of ns pre, from|thnt,'' irrepressible race ".that in other days suffered pereeoutipn likewise for its faith, and sealed vitb its blood itB .deyotiop f.o the chaiirof iSt. Peter, it ia ft fnrther gratification fco..us:that iin Holiness has appointed as first Bishop of (Sandhurst a prelate whose name has been identified with the. saored, work of building sp llie'.'ruined >ltars and resuscitating religion in the holy land of our aspirations-r-tbe bonSeifrOpr fathers.. We, will, under your LorpBpip's apostolio superintendence, cause. our children to be instructed in those great principles of Christian doctrine, without whiiSh all .eecular;schol.B8tio attainments, are bnt>s dross,, and,we will endeavour by .every legitimate means in our power to secure .the eande, advantages for. alfother Catholic children. We earnestly pray that the, days of youf Lordship's episcopacy may be long in. the land, that every comfort and happiness may attend them, and that, vonr apostolic labours may he blessed by the religious and moral improvements of the fold entrusted to yonr care. ; We beg leave to subscribe ourselves your IiorcUhip'S .dutiful and obedient children in Christ, M. J. CAHILL, P. T. DE- ' VISE, J. LANIGAN. His Lordship said they had beautifully referred to the sufferings of the Church in our own time. But from the beginning, the Church suffered. She suffered in Christ Himself. They had no reason, however, to fear for the result. The Church was built upon a rock, and was as indestructible as the word of Christ was sure of fulfilment. The bark of Peter might.seem to be toBsed about rudely by the winds, but Christ was at the helm, and she would steer safe into the haven of everlasting peace. In the evening, . the Vpry Rev. Dr. Backhaus presided at Yespers. The Rev. W. Kelly, and the Rey. S. Revelle, O.S.A.., acted as deacons. His Grace the Archbishop was present,, attended by the Very Rev/T. CaTiill, S.J., and the Rev. H. Allen, O.S.A. The Rev. J. P. O'Suyivap.,. was also within; the Sanctuary,; ; Atthe.tconolusion of Vespers, his Lordship :the Rt. 'Rev. Dr.- -Crane preached his first sermon to his new. flock, choosing for his /text the words of Christ^" Go ye into .'the whole world and preach the gosjiel to every creature . . .," and beh&ld; I akn with you all days, even to the* consummation of the, world." Hia Jjordship is' correctly described by a contemporary 'as ".possessing the advantage''of' _ ; imposing ^presence, clear enun^]atio : £ (|,an'4 fluent; apd graceful delivery.". 1 .'. 'V . ... Hji IiOrdshfp, said Myr.dear.1 Bieihren—One . of the principal effects' j td-?^-" •<> the ^.ppsties ,and liiejr .deBo^dahts;wjas,.tliei estaffishine^t of tftephqreh^f C{ufis^- Jfjjifih,. altbojjgii 'junaU'it fyrst and like the.gr&ijijL; pf mustard' seed'.-jirew; ipto' a. largfy .jfcree,. .and although confintd j originally., tpr the, neighbourhood oil '.Jerusalem., .had .made,-Bnch progress'; that 1 ' its. (jrano^es,. re^hed/^, many, landk, and over the ^hole-earthi, firBt^e' .&ospiBl; *as pfeacli4d : ,ib thle'^ewsj. and with' such Success thfet Si.! < P/Star,.at. 'tis first address, converted eight thousand souls', Dnd^r the Divine Spirit that desponded upon tbeip', the disciples prekphed the Gospel to the (abeiitili'B, around ,'aiid' so the .Church they all had ihV honour to "belong .to was' est&b-; Ush$d.' pehpld.Ylieni dear,breihreti, the dear comaiBBioii entrusted' to the Apostles, Srid to ttieir'subeesBors, 16 preac.li "to" tlie end^.of time,^ in ,'e'veiy.. ajge^ and' 'every clime,, the trutH'r,:revealed', :by God for , Lthe' ealvation.^ bt ffia children.. They' had. preached the ^ (gospel, to every creature, ' <and| ' B P»te; of' ^yery ^bptacje, oil earth <'^d - the protection oJE His ohnrch, and for the eontinning to the^eid'- oH;hat J chuttstr. They, then, believing in the chureh, should believe 'that it isWelsnprted.tMbtinaV.ab&'ji&faUible; i4terprpteri,pt-,the-^trfiths,, of Qoi'i : Their blessed; Lord had said , to his .disciples,: " Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, and behold .1 am .jvith you to the consummation of the..,worlii." .. So it was preached,.and so intelligible even to the meane^t capacity, thai they must either- deny the Saviour himself j or believe.'in Jihe truths of the doptrine preached to theifk: .He talked not to' those -who' 'were atheists-and denied the existence of a .Gpd, but he, spoke of those who believed in God, and consequently- they must believe in the authority of the chnrch to preach. He-who will not hear the church,' let. him be as the pnblican; Christ, their .Divine Master, said, " Those who hear yon, hear me; and those irho depy you, deny me,*' They must admit and reapeot the supreme • authority of the church) as. contained in the - written and unwritten" 'word of Goal';, Their dear Lord did Dot only say to, his. disciples,, ' "Go and preach," but, "Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." They dare not say that the Son of the living God, who had given his blood, never did say th&t; he-would'not be with the Infallible Church; • but he (the Bishop) was sure that no : one believing in those laws of Jesus Christ, no one believing that. he, came ihtothe world for the redemption of the many, could,be found to admit bat that the' Church, under the Divine Spirit, was-thetrue 1 judge •and infallible interpreter of the Divine will: ' She Twas called the teaching Church— the Buooess -of the- Apostles. Their pastors were, the -representatives of that church. against which the gates of hell should not prevail.,!. Those who believed "were the faithful, «nd tbty were largely dispersed over the wprld. The diurch. was that great congregation of men, .scattered over the world who, although they might -diffet amongst themselves in many ways held the same faith, received the Bame sacraments, and were one compact,body under one. head, the successor ol Peter and Vicar- General of Christ on earth;' There bould be but one cburoh, one faith, one-; baptism. Such was the language f the inspired Paul. That, then, being-the ase, their Church, established by divine law, s the same to-day as in the earliest days of Christianity, for they preached tbe same doctrine that was preached by the Apostles. The creed entrusted by the Son of God to their oare had been preserved entire through the lapse of ages, and beyond the fall of kings and nations.. It had been preserved firm and spotless as when St. Peter and the Apostles had received it from tbe hands of Christ, and although she had been attacked she had lived, and was more than a match for' her foes. WaB she not the mystical representative of Christ ? In many lands her children had been slaves, her very priests bad been captiveB, and although besiege^,and persecuted she bids defiance to all the powers of earth and of -bell that may.be arraigned against her. Their present Pontiff had been. at. the beginning of bis rei#n, banished from his home by the hands of cruel men, and no doubt some of those present remembered how their enemies had rejoiced at what they no doubt considered the downfall and ruin of the Church, but those persons lived to find that their anticipations had not been fulfilled. On several occasions, at the bidding of the Father of the Faithful, the bishops had gathered round- their head, and at the meeting of the . Vatican. 800 fathers sat at the Council presided over by the Pope. At the Council of Trent-there were scarcely 300 present, jwhilBt 800 -fathers sat in the Vatican. Ireland was represented by 20 councillors, and England, Africa, China, the islands of the Pacific, and even their own {and his) adopted country had its councillors^there. How wonderful it was that after nearly 19 centuries, the Church waa still -the Bame in every point? How marvellous that, at the bidding of the Pontiff, the Bishops were ever ready, to present themselves/'and -when they assembled at the Vatican, they presented one of the grandest ' sights one could" witness, and proved the infallibility of thie Church. If anyone asked them (his hirer's) how it was ; that they believed in the infallibility of the blessed mystery, let them answer by saying that, they believed because God had revealed it to them. If again asked how they knew; God revealed it, say, because the Church iad told them. Qne great father of the Church, had said that he ifoold not bpjieve in the Gospel.if it were not vouched for .by the Church. What the Council of Bishops anight do when they, met,,again, was not for them to say» their deliberationB would be .promulgated in proper times i but it was-their duty to their God who liad established , that 'Church by Divine law tp provide for ttie,spiirituaL. welfare of her children, and strengthen,them in after life by giving, them that. Divine breajl wUch shall last-for ever. In order to be saved, the sanctity of their lives jnnst necessarily correspond :with-,their belief. It will not be alone, necessary to Bay they belie vein .the Holy Catholic. Church,; but ,they must bein possession D! the sanctifying grace Sof God. , They most respect their superiors-m authority, remembering the words of the Lord," They that hear you hear me." If they refused' to obey' the ^authority of : thfeit ' pastots, they would r thereby \- £e refusing to 'obey : Christ. . He felt lassured tho'se present - Were i all' the : living- - children of their fond Slo&er; Ohnrch, and he lilt^assured also they, were fever-ready 1 to'obey her' '«®mtoandsV' neiving l^^tPrt/^hd' ijibw %ttt he -He o'be^aimr charge of their immortal souls—for whose salvation he;;would,'if Ifi^oisBsry.i^iye his life—he prayed ef them to do so,' and would*pray that the Spirit of Gpd would entw'into their' souls, and indufce thfem to attend to' their fathers,' and obey the obligations their Church required! IFthey did so; they would lessen his T)Urdeti, and if they were submissive,, to their creed of religion, he would promise them that upon the ( list day, when they all—priest and people—stood there before the Great Judge, they would gain eternal life. Comply .with his request, and when their immortal ' souls had to .appear before the Great God, they would hear the Eternal Judge say to them, " Come to me,!" Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbournei, and the day's services were then concluded. At Vespers the - church was' even more densely rowded than at the ceremony of enthronement. 1 