THE MAD WHLOUGHBYS. w BY E. LYNN UNION, Author op 4 Melioba Latest/ Etc. | Chaptbb HI.— 'Continued. By ohanoe JeBsie had turned downward when Bhe orossed the stile and swooned ; and her face- being now set that way, she followed toe hedge- side meohanically, and hod reached the bottom of the field, when the sound of voices stopped her. and sent her crouching behind the bushes like a hare in her form. One was the voice of Olande ; the other she did not know, but it was the voice of a woman, and a young one. The two were talking earnestly to gether, but ehe did cot know what they said. They spoke in a low tone and on subjects she did not understand . but as she looked through a csn in the hedge she saw what she did understand, somewhat— Glaude, her prinoe, the young god whom she worshipped With suoh humility of devotion, take the strange girl in bis arms, press her warmly to his heart, and kisB her upturned fooe. She saw no more ; she knew nothing of what ailed her, only that a sharp pain struck through her heart as if she had been stabbed, and that she oonld scarcely breathe for the anguish she was in. Covering her eyes with her hands, she crouched closer still to the ground, longing for the power to bury herself in the earth and never see the light of day again. She did not cry nor moan nor reckon up her account anyhow; she was simply oensoious of an intolerable pain, with a dumb wonder who and what had hurt her. 4 My darling,' then said Glande, 4 your promise gives me new life ! If you will keep true to me, nothing can separate us. I have our future in my own hands — that future, my beloved, which will make earth a heaven !' 4 1 don't believe in heavens upon earth, bat I shall be very glad to marry you if we have enough to live on ; and I dare Bay we should be as happy as most people/ said Lady Margaret quietly. It was a cold response to the young man's fer vour, but Lady Margaret prided herself on her . common sense, and despised raptnres and sen timentality as ehe despised sugar- plums and jelly. It was her way— a way most in harmony with that queenly carriage, that royal kind of serene supremacy whioh had first attracted Claude, aud which still held him as the most beautiful grace of the many the woman he loved possessed. It was always something to overcome, always some thing to win; and Glande liked those women best who were most difficult. Oh, my darling, howl love yon!' he oried with e lover's self-abasement. She smiled a gracious acceptance of his homage. She was Lady Margaret, and it suited her 4 If I oonld place you on a throne and mftkc the whole world worship yon, £ would,' said Glaude. 4 A satisfactory income would be mora to tog purpose at this moment,' she answered. 4 Ah, you mock me!' said Glaude hastily. Then, as if he might have offended her by lus self-assertion, he added, 'But laqghat me if it amuses you ; I am your slave, your dpg; you may say or do with me what you like, my queen, if only you will love me and do r# ahaUIyouforbeingMiatyreheirid. 1 If it will plea jou i ai«toing:towm i9ii» yon happy/ he amwewd, Miring her h«M« I. _ « Yon might Mil me if it would doyou any good ; provided always that you loved me 1' And yet if we have to separate you will soon i;: find tome one to take my place 3 and I yours, I suppose/ said Lady Margaret, reasoning philo- | eophioaily on a remote hypothesis. Ah, that is oruel !' he cried in real pain. ' Cruel P How can the truth be oruel ? By the by, who is that odd girl who came down from the skies or up from the river, no one knows ! ; which, and who nursed you so tenderly when you were ill P A victim like the rest ?" They were sitting under a cedar tree, on a I bench placed there as marking it of the Hail timbers their backs were against the bole, and they freed the hedge and were concealed from the road. . . . if 'Jessie!' cried Claude, with a natural raising f of his voiee. t . . , , . f The poor girl's bewildered had caught no- thing of the lover's talk that had been going on. Ail she knew now was that Claude, her prince, called her by her name, that he wanted her, and that she must obey him. She started up. ( Yes ? You called/ she said, suddenly appearing. Lady Margaret gave a faint scream. Claude cheeked an oath that rose only too readily to his lips. Who is this creature P' cried Lady Margaret haughtily, recovering her self-possession and dignity with wonderful swiftness." How came you here, wretohed creature P' said Claude angrily 3 to Lady Margaret tenderly, 1 Yon need not mind her, Lady Margaret ; it is only Jet. 60 home, Jessie 1' he then said ronghly, speaking to the girl as he would have spoken to a dog. 1 What in heaven's name brought you here P' You called me/ mid Jessie, cowering close. 'Don't be a fool! — I did not call yon,' said Claude. ' Why should I call you P What should I want with you, do you think ! Co home, I say ; you have no business here at all !' Iamia droonad her head and raised her eves from between the bright brown overhanging braids. Tears were behind rather than in them, which gave them a yet more pathetically yearning look. What had she done? Her prince had apoken to her roughly ; as he had never spoken before. She had displeased him 3 she was to blame —she did not know how or why 3 only, if he was angry she must be to blame 3 but what was her fruit P She looked up penitent, patient, humble, ask ing forgiveness, suing for reinstatement. She did not justify herself so mnch as to say that fib. Willoughby had sent her out to take the air. She was so utterly the slave, the creature of the young man whom she had placed as a god before her, as to feel that even injustice was hisright if he ehose to be unjust. Who shonld withstand fcim P But she wanted him to forgive her before she went. She could not speak and, indeed, what had she to say ? With the instinctive need of a mediator more in favour and more powerful than herself, she drew closer to Lady Margaret, from whom she would else have naturally shrank, folded her hands |n her ohildish way, and said pitifully, 'I am sorry. Do you tell him so !' Is she all right ?' asked Lady Margaret. 1 No, she is half an idiot/ answered Claude, angry at interruption to his love-making-- his first walk alone with his beloved. But his conscience smote him when he remembered that to this half-idiot was owing the possibility of his making love to Lcdy Margaret at, all. So much grace, however, came to him from his shamed con- soiesce as made him speak to her again, this time more gently. 'My good girl, I.do not want you here/ he said s ' and you are wanted at home. They are waiting for you now, I know ; sc go at onoe and see that the kitchen fire burns well. That is more your style of thing that rambling about the fields and hedges like a maniac. There— go !' ' Then yon are not angry with me !' cried Jessie, with a happy little sob. Her whole frame quivered with pleasure. He laughed to hide his embarrassment. Her dog-like devotion embarrassed him when they were alone at home, without witnesses 3 before Lady Margaret, with her pride, her keen wit, and the gift of that conditional promise he had just won, it was maddening. Yet for the sake of Lady Margaret herself— now that he had had time to Remember his gentlehood — he was forced to bear him'slf with the courage of good temper and to abjure the cowardice of brutality. ' Angry! no, yon little fool!1 he answered. " But I shall be if you don't go.' ' Where P' she asked, looking round. ' Where ami?' 'Have you lost your senses? Why, where should you be, but at the Hall gate !' said Claude, pointing backwards with his hand 3 and Jessie, smiling, radiant, blissful, made a few steps on ward. I say ! called Claude, stopping her. She turned round, her face irradiated with pleasure. ' Don't say np there that yen have seen me/ he said. She shook her head emphatically. ' Ho, I will not,' she answered 3 and went for ward on her way. ' Is that the girl ?' aBked Lady Margaret dis dainfully. ' Yes,' answered Claude 3 and because he tried to speak indifferently, he had the air of wishing to oonceal something 3 which embarrassed him all the more deeply, and roused Lady Margaret's haughty temper only the more readily. ( She is pretty/ she said coldly. Do you think so P' answered Claude. 'Of course I do 3 don't you?' with an on- pleasant little laugh. 'IP Ho, indeed! I should as soon think a doll pretty ! She has neither intellect nor ex pression ; she is a mere doll all through.' 1 Bat she nursed you well/ said Lady Margaret, rasping the sore. Yes, like a faithful dog/ was his answer. And Lady Margaret both resented the com parison and was angry at the oceasion. Though proud— who prouder?— she was not above the meanness of jealousy ; and just now her whole soul was angry against Claude, the world, Jessie, and herself. Was it possible that she, Lady Margaret, had placed herself in a position where she had a cinder- wench for her rival? Granting the most absolute fidelity ob his part, the very fant thafffe girl like Jessie should have dared to lift her eyes to the level of her lover's — should have presumed to worship what she honoured by her grace — annoyed and humiliated her. So that the immediate result of poor Jessie's devotion was a coolness between the young lovers which it cost Claude some trouble to destroy. Meanwhile, Jessie flitted up the broad walk to the Batik She had fofgoHm wwytbtag tart and that jshe had been gifted with a secret to keep for him. She had been assigned her province to defend, add there was no fear of her failing her ''as she was going up the walk she met Ralph Bows ley shuffling towards the gate. The old dread of him that she had always had, came back on her with inoreased intensity. She felt her sight grow dim, her breath came short, when she saw him. It was as mueb as she could do to pre vent herself from shrieking for help, and flying from him as from a hideous spectre. But, if he went through that gate he would see hor prince, and that which he desired should be kept con- oealed would be betrayed. The fear of this con quered all the rest. To be faithful to her trust was the first thing she had to do— the one abso lute necessity of life before which everything else must give way. She Btopped as the old man came up. Her free was as white as the face of the dead, and even Ralph's dull senses oould see that she was trem bling like a leaf where she stood. ' Wherever may you have been to P he asked harshlys for it was as muoh a matter of surprise to him as it had been to Claude to see the quiet, home- keeping girl rambling in the grounds. ' Out !' said laconic Jessie. « Well, a blind man could see that/ he returned coarsely. 'But what does " out" mimioking her— 'mean P What pranks have you been up to— hey, my lady ? That whey-froe of yours tells no good tales, I'll go bail/ He looked at her suspiciously as he aame oloser to her, and seized her arm in his hard gripe. Involuntarily he connected her strange presence in the grounds, her white froe and visible trem bling, with the unusual excitement, the anger, the fear, the incoherent mutterings, the pointings to the window of that Thing to whom he had gone on his daily duty of food and service. He langhed at himeelf and his suspicions a moment after. How could anyone find the way through the Maze, so artfully masked as it was, so cleverly blocked at every turn r— least ct ail a fool like this, with none of her five senses quite ripe. But she was so unlike herself at this moment ! Why had she etopped him? They wero not on Buoh terms as made it natural. And why did her teeth chatter as if she was half frozen P The day was fine enough, and warm for the time of year. Her eyes, too, looked wilder tban ever, he thought, and her face was fall of something unspoken — as if she had that to say for which she could not find words. All this passed through his mind almost mechanioally as he griped her arm, and stared with rude and insolent suspicion into her face. For the first moment Jessie shrank at his touch, oowering from him like a beaten hound. Then she seemed to remember herself, and held herself up right and still. ' I want some potatoes/ she said, with one of the moBt desperate efforts after intellectual crea tion she had ever made. The thought hadoome to her like inspiration 3 and truly, sad ' sinking in poetry ' as it wn, in essential spirit it was an in spiration. ' Patera P' cried Ralph 3 ' the devil you do ! And what's oome 0' them I brought in yesterday ? If that's your way of going on the sooner the master knows of it the better. Til have my cellar empty afore we know where we are, and cot a penny'e-wortb will I buy, I promise yon, if yon don't see a skin till next cummer- tinao. Taters, indeed! I'd like to 'tater you, that would I.' ' Come and see if we have enough left,' said Jessie, glanoing back at the gate 3 and, with a surly oath, Ralph turnod and went back with her to the house. ' Well, my child,' said Mr. Willoughby kindly, when he met his favourite in the hall, ' have you liked your walk ?' I like the house better/ said Jessie. 1 Good domestic child ! That is as it shonld be, and what I expected. Still, a little ohange cheers the spirits and benefioially affects the oarrent of one's thoughts. Gadding Is pernicious —nothing more so 3 but a little gentle exercise in the air is sometimes of use. And sa I hope you have found it. And where have you been ?' She shook her head. ' I dont know/ she an swered 3 £ lost myself/ ' Let me help you, In the wood ?' 'Yes,' said Jessie. And then P' The girl looked blank, 'The river/ she then said with an effort. 'Seen anything?1 ' Ho/ said Jessie. Ralph looked at her, and she met his eyes. When she said ' no/ she told her untruth deli berately and with purpose. She had seen Claude Willoughby, but sbp was bound not to betray him. How, however, when she met the old man's baleful look, the whole horror of the Gazebo oame back to her as a picture, a thing she saw and lived in at the present moment. She shrieked, and flung out her arms as if to ward him off. 'Don't send me oat again/ she cried, rushing up to Mr. Willoughby and hiding her face agauut his knees bb she threw herself at his feet. ' What has she seen ?' asked Mr. Willoughby turning his blanched faoe to the old man, while he laid his hands soothingly on her head. 'I can't toll/ answered Ralph. 'May be a ghost. They say one lives in the wood 3 and she looks scared enough for it. Suoh a natural as she is, she ain't fit to be trnsted by herself. Them fools always runs where they should not, and knows more than their betters !' he mattered angrily. But Mr. Willoughby told him he was talking nonsense 3 and the old man went off in a rage, vowed to a still more bitter enmity towards the girl who had shrieked against him for fear, and warded him off with her hands as something horrible and unholy. Chapter IV.— Disgraced. Things were beginning to look black for the young people. Henry Marsden's father was urging his son's marriage with Lady Margaret 3 whereof all the preliminaries were arranged save the consent of the two principals themselves, and which, when accomplished, would put the Earl in possession of a handsome snm of money and lay the coping stone on the temple of the rich dis tiller's social fortune. Henry, honestly in love with Marian and held by her in that tenaoioua grip which a handsome, high-spirited, dark-haired woman with thin lips and a sharp nose has over a florid, fair, thiek- neoked and weak-willed young miHw christian — her junior — made a olumBy but substantial resistance. Lady Margaret too, on her side — de spising the man himself, disliking his family, holding those doubtful h's as moral crimes, and though out of the kind to marry poverty for love, fcutt taw# m kte ever thiokfr lackered his yesterday's coat-of-arms might be with gold — gave herfletermined'rNo to the Earl, and deolined all farther diwunioni on the subject. But neither the distiller nor the nobleman ac cepted the refusal of the young people as a thing of consequenoe to the matter on hand 3 and con tinued to talk together of the marriage as an affair of which the essential oircumstauoes were satisfactorily concluded, wanting only an insigni ficant formality to clinch the whole and close the account. So there the trinle lave affair stood— a Gordian knot which seemed as if it was not to be undone by the cleverest fingers and the largest amount of patienoe extant, that must indeed be out if it was not to hamper the free running of all the lives included. Three seoret engagements 3 three solemn premises to marry in defiance of parental authority and the fittest kind of soci?l arrange ments 3 and, aooording to present conditions, with poverty more than probable in each of the three cases, unless fathers should prove less stern thsu relenting, and blessings all round should follow on universal disobedience at the best it was a black prospect, and a heavy price to pay for the sole reward of a love which, maybe, would sot wear in any of those three cases, and a fancy that was sure not to last in one. If the Earl had not been so keen after old Marsden's money, and if old Marsden had been content with the prizes he had already draws out of Fortune's lucky-bag, and had not issisted on tying hii son up to the aristocracy whether he liked it or no, matters might have gone on in peaoe and darkness for the next year or so. The young people found an unending fund of amuse ment in their oak-tree pillar-boxes and their stalen meetings. The false air of romance asd adventure with which their ' affairs ' were invested, gave them additional zest; but it seemed as if the Fates had got tired of befriending them, and let that terrible Gordian knot slip to the front, where it must either be picked, out, or submitted to as a we-iong mnaerance ana impediment. A council, not of war, was called 3 and the action determined on for Henry and Marian was flight— a runaway match, now atjonce before time was a week older; else, who knows? that fair- haired, florid, end clumsy young man might be married unawares to the Esrl's daughter, and Marian, like Claude, be left lamenting. It was all the fruit of the fathers; why could they net leave well alone ? Example being contagions, and companionship in a doubtful plunge reassuring, Julius and Ellen decided on taking the same step. They would never have so good an opportunity ; and by mul tiplying their disobedience each felt as if its sin- fulness was shared, therefore that the punishment resulting would be lessened in proportion. Partly to make sure of a background in the day of need, and partly because they knew something of what was going on in his own life, the sisters took their brother into their confidence. It gave an air of respectability to their proceedings, which wonld net be without its effect when all became known ; and they knew the value of fraternal sympathy and support. But had it not been for Lady Margaret, and his passionate hopes there when the rainbow should be caught and the rose-coloured clouds form themselves into a Well-ordered human habi tation, Claude would have opposed their design with all the energy of a proud man to whom bis sisters ere not bb other men's sisters, but women whose smallest actions must be able to stand in the light of the sun and show no flaws within or withont. He would have had no hand in their elopement, not he ! He wonld have been more in clined to call oat his two intended brothers-in- law and stop their project by a ballet judiciously planted. As it was, however, with his own affairs to be made so much the smoother by his little drama enaoted by his sisters, he helped them with his countenance end advice. And the result of all those whispered conferences, those hopes and fears and tears and tremors, was, that on one murky midnight at the end of February, four young people, escorted by a fifth as accessory, not principal, met at the bridge 3 got into a post- chaise 3 drove off to the nearest station ; went straight up to London 3 and before noon the next day had got themselves made into honest men and wives, married by the law of the land, and not to be unmarried again by less than the law. This was how they cut the Gordian knot whioh an un friendly fate had tied for them ; and when all was over, Claude came back to the Hall rather proud than otherwise of the part he had taken in the double event that had just come off. Jessie knew nothing. Something from kind ness, not to implicate so guileless a creature, not to deprive their father of so valuable a servant, and not to bring down sorrow on one who had been of so mnch good to them— also more for fore-gone despair at the nselessness of her stu pidity if even they had told her— the runaways spared her the doubtful honour of their confidence. Hence, when the notes of explanation whioh the two girls had left pinned to their unruffled pillows were duly taken to him, and the parental philosopher's faculty of self-control was put to a ruder test than he -had ever imagined possible, the poor child, against whom he tamed in the first barst of his wrath, was able to say trnthfully and humbly, ' I saw nothing;' ' I heard nothing;' ' I knew nothing/ And not the aoutest cross- examination oould elioit more.—' New Quarterly Maeazine. (TO BE CONTINUED.) The Nursling of the Storm.— A man dretsed in sailor costume was in a criminal court upon a charge of stealing a pair of boots. As he had no counsel, the Conrt appointed a young lawyer to take charge of the defenoe. The law yer opened the case with a speech, in whioh he spoke of his client as 'a child of the sad sea waves, a nursling of the storm, whom the pitiless billows had cast, a forlorn and , friendless waif, upon the shores of time, after a life spent in fierce and heroic contest with raging ele ments." Then an acquaintance ef the defendant was put in the box, and the foot was revealed that he was cook upon a canal boat, previous to whioh he had hawked fish in Whiteohapel. The ' nursling of the storm is now in gaol for six months. 