OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARIS, MAY 15. [FtlO.M OUR OWN CO Rli KSl'ON DF.NT. ] Tho tobacco question unites all smokers, bo their political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of tobacco in France is a government monopoly, and a vory remunerative 011c into the bargain, cigars, cigarettes, soutailus or havauas, all are absused liko bad weather. To lead tho charter of complaints, tho government tobacco would be nothing more than a compound ot the Bevcn capital sins ; some, encouraged by the rumour that fragments of telegraph posts and railway sleepors have been found in it, do not despair of yet lighting upon the Lost Tribes Abuse the French weed as may be, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighbouring countries—" Stand aside, I am holier than thou." The origin of tho monopoly dates from 1810, wheu Napoleon, stiuck by the blaze of diamonds ou a lady present ut the Court ball, was informed she was the wife «>f a inbaeco manufae'urer. A few weelts later an Imperial decreo was issued decreeing tho manufacture of tobacco t» be a government monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and regards this tenderness of appreciation, by becoming mote productive the mora it is weighted with imposts. It is said that it takes a scorc of men to make a piu ; now it requires three years aud four mouths to make a pinch of snulF, owing to the storages the raw and manufactured material has to undergo ; liko wine and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco Ironi several countries and districts, in stated proportions; tha democratic cigar at 011c sous, n the product of 110 lebS than ten dill'ureut varieties of home aud {oreifi n Relieve some statisticians the increase consumption of tobacco is nl3th'.'inatical!y proportioned to tlic augmentation d( tlie casis of insanity, hence the war against ii-otiiie. It is a fact, that the tobacco which produc's vertigo anil Rickncss, is that containing the Jcwt per ccntiigo of nicotine ; {or example, the lonilri* cigar has ' )U ' oue I' er cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the head, the heart, aud the stomach of many. It is the periunie,' aroma, tlio essential oils that do the misliicf, and • which one must become accustoiueJ, as eels lo he skinned. The case of a euioV- cr by nicotine is as rare as a mau d«M'l' l ' a,i "~ f l" ,n '' a, -"' ou8 combustion. ' [t require* ghost to prove of the rapid revival j trJl(](_- ami commerce in Paris; there is a nunked ii croaso in the number of those shops devoted to t]ie sale of the delicacies of the season, HB well as 0f irarc-r"onis devoted to new furniture—the latter of very beautiful and rare designs; in industrial art, the French are becoming mure and more jrcnmp» rillj ' c '- remark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced, like •".zuri, to sell to purchasers who base their offers on the average price of roompapcr. A lady once ,V.tvi"I to me, a sure sign of prosperity of a m.i.-.U- is ' 10t > n l ' ie number of its milliner's ' 'put in the variety of the shapes, exposed ; iiid»cil by this stundird, Paris must I e the most tl-rfvii'-i; place the W() rM. A lei's cthicnl index is that liaily before »iy eyes ; the number of barges iin'l tUj?-biiatJ that a^-cer.d and descend the river, le.LNI with INI:-<O, is double now what it was last ar. tjiac lias nearly gone ; a thing of beauty js not a joy for ever; to this succeeds those pretty flowers, of young gills dressed in white, iTfrageJ in the duties of confirmation ; they arc more numerous this year also; people perhaps are becoming more devour, if so, so much the better, or tlie population is increasing, which also merits ftlicitv. Not only the races, but the concerts in tl'E Champs E'.yj-Ccs, are capital places for measurjn'e the wcll-U.-iiig of Paris. Both, a= the onunibiise* signal are, ait corajilet, The concert in question is traditionally ciirr ct: no black sheep are ev,- allowed lo enter there ; it is not that ladies are called upon to chow (heir marriage certificates Iw'ore heii.fr admitted, but there is a janitor at tlie pate, whose ju:l;inent never fails in drawing the line between virtue and vice, and who has served his apprenticeship at the Jardin Moiiille—the lie?!, of diplomas. Tlie animal 'etc of Joanne d'Arc lias been celebrated villi all honours at Orleans, and the tclected preacher demanded from bis bearers to have only the simple faith of the maid—for her country ar.'l her 'iod. Something ought to be done I n make til,; hi-hnp of the diocese move more quiekly in onupietiiig the preliminaries for her canonization. M|;r- Pupanlonp promises to be as tedious as the faiiM'iis Constitutional Committee of Thirty; he o'nMit to ask lejive of absence from the Assembly to |.r!u" his patriotic work to a cl»su. A "warning to lovers who meet alone, hut not by ir.oniiii-'iit. A young man had an assignation with liia intended on the banks of the canal at St. i)eni?, and « hile discussing, in walking, the fixing of the diy for their marriage, the poor girl stumbled into the water, and was drowned before .wiatauce arrivcii. l'aris litis ati immigration from Belgium every February, listing till May, of about 85(10 workmen- Their labour is not to plait straw, but to stretch the latter together into hats. A good worlu r cau earu 3 frs. per day. A new locomotive is patented. It marches not liii in wheels, but on rollers resembling the legs of a at iiian. A bachelor, and rich, advertises that he is weary dining alone, and that he will gratuitously share bis daily bread with a gentleman producing the evidence of being cultivated, and enjoying an income ot oil,;); i) frs. a year. 