_ .' LITERATURE. Literary Notices. "The Other World, or Glimpses of the Super natuml." We find it very difficult to deal wit! this work, because, to deal with it as it ought tc oe dealt with, would occupy much more spaci than we can possibly »pare to it. It is a niiacel laneous collection or nitrratives relating to dreams omens,alleged miraculous occurrences, apparition» wraiths, second aight, witchcraft, and necromancy all of which »re strung on a thread of the mosl execrable reasoning that ever distinguished M volume, written byagentlemnn making pretension to scholarship. The work ia in two volumes, and is edited by the Rev. Frederick George Lee, D.C.L., and Vicar of All Saints, Lambeth. Roman Catholic proclivities are unmistakeably displayed throughout the work, wherever the course of a narrative, or th« general reasoning of the book, permitted the author to confess the faith that in in him. We confess an ignorance of his precise denominational status, but this we are sure of, namely, that if he is not a Roman Catholic priest he ought to be one. We merely state the fact, but find no fault with the author for expressing his theological views. What we do find fault with hitn for,ia his intense and immense credulity. . We have rarely met with a writer who has such, a prodigiously expansive faith. His intellectual swallow appears wide enough to take in an Atlantic of the wildest ghost lore, and a Pacific afterwards to wash the former down. Most of the stories he narrates, assuming them to ba true histories of facts, admit of explanation upon ordinary principles, but he regards them all as the manifestations of supernatural agents. The globe, according to him, is a haunted planet, the unearthly intelligences who visit it, and who are supposed to work their will on it, consisting of angels, devils, and the ghosts of oead men and women. He believes in witchcraft, the evil eye, and demoniacal possession, aud relutps ninny marvell belonging to each of these superstitions. Some of " the cased we adduce were obviously cuses of disease which were not understood and wer« therefore uninterpreted when they occurred, while others were certainly caused by that peculiar psychologic action which is termed mesmeric. M .sraerism itself, he regards as of the devil. He believes in omens, wraiths, dretims, the second eight, and, in fact, in all that very wide range of obscure phenomena which are supposed to lie in the strip of border territory that separates mucar fro n ipirit. Ail the wild superstitions which have disgraced the human intellect, he wel come, fondles, and cherishes as if they were eternal verities. Such profound fuith we have rarely witnessed, especially in a Doctor of Civil Laws and tho Vicar of a parish and we confess it excites our warmest admiration. It is quite a ra rity in this degenerate scoptical age Of course, out author believe* in the genuineness of the alleged spiritual phenomena, but then he attributes them all to the devil, and gravely, almost triumphantly relates how he stopped the phenomena at a seance by clasping' a silver crucifix in his band, placing his hand on the table, and mentally adjuring, ii the name of the IL dy Trinity, the evil spirit tc depart-a feat which has often been performed bj mea not at all disposed to be religious, simply ui an experiment, and without either crucifix or adju ration. In fact, the mere will of some minds can modify the phenomena at pleasure. The great defect of nearly all his stories, considered as narratives of supernatural events,' ia want of sufficient evidence. Many of them, we might say most of them, may be received as narratives of facts admitting of explanation on various hypotheses other than that of superna tural agency. He, however, not only regards th«m as authentic narratives, but also as genuine spiritual manifesta tions. He is a true gobemouch, and swallows every thing put before him without attempting to dis criminate between that which is impossible and that which may be true. Of course a writer of this type ÍB naturally hostile to the philosophers, and hates them with hatred . ns profound as his own credulity and weakness, i.a we might naturally expect from the* position of the writer (whom we believe to be a Ohureh of England clergyman of the ritualist grade). Oliver Cromwell comes in for a large measure of disapprobation. And as for such men as Herbert Spencer, Tyndall, Huxlay, Darwin, and other members of the same genus, they are simply bluck beasts of the worst sort, who nie doing the work of the devil by propagating un L «lief. We shall quote a few of our author's stories as samples of his book, premising that the work con sists almost entirely of a string of such narratives. The Bev. Mr. Berring, vicar of a parish -which ii now a component parc ol London, though about forty-five year* seo it hint the appearance of a Tilinga at the out-skirts, hud to enojunter the sud aflliotlon et losing bin eldest son at au ago when parents ure encourag-d to believe their children are to hscome their survivors; the youth djing ID hi« seventeenth yeiir. He was buried ix t ie vaults ut the church. Two ujghts subsequent, to that in. terixii-i.t the la'her die.uned tba ho saw hi» HOM habited in a shroud spotted with blood, the expression ut his co- rituuance bein* i h i' ot a person enduring »onie paroxysm of acute pain. "F .ther. la. he»-S nome and tletead mn 1" were the \- words he distinctly hexrd, aa he gazert un thin awe-Inspiring ? apparition : " 'hey will nut let mo rest qulft in my enfiln.'' The vi-nerahle mun awoke wi-b terror and nambling, ont after a brie! interval of p .lu ful relied iou, cuDolaileil Imnsell t« be labouring under the i' tlnence of his sad üay-thought.» and the depression of putt sufferiiigb; mid with these rational assurances cum mended himself to the All-merciful, ¿nd ? lumbered auain sud slept. He saw hi« sou nguiu beseeching him to protect his remains from outrage. *' Kor," said the apparently surviving dead one, "they are mangling my body m»his moment." The un happy lather rose ac euee, being now unable to banish, the fearful image from his mind, and det-rtnincil when day should dawn to satisfy himself ot the delusiveness or verity ot the rovtltttion conveyed through this seeming voice I rom the grave. At an early hour, accordingly, he repaired to the clerk's home, where the k'J's of the ehuroh sn<l ol the vaults were kept. The clerk, after cansideranla delny, came downstairs;, saying it was very un.'ortntiate he should want them just on that very day. us hts BOD over the way had taken them to the smith's for repair, one of the largest of the bunch of keys having been broken (iff »holt in the malu door of th« vault, so as to render it impiaoticible for anybody to enter till the look hud heen pin ked aud taken off. Impelled by the wurst misgivings, the vicar loudly In sisten ti the clerk's accompanying him tn 'he blacksmith's -nut for a key, lui' for a or whar. it being hi* letulure iieterinlu alon to puter tri« vault sud »te bis son'« coffin .rubout,* moment's delsy, Th* recollection! of the dream -wer« now becoming mot and more vlvM, »nd the icrutiny abont to be made ossnm« a solemnity, mingled with awe, which the anltation of tl ruttier rendered terribie to the agente in this foroih interruption Into the resting pla^e of tbe dead. J»t the hinge« were speedily wrenched asunder, tn bar and bait« were beaten in and bent beneath th heavy hammer of ton smith, and at length, with tottoi lng »nd onfstretcbod hands the maddened parer »tumbled and fell ; his son's coffin had been lifted fror Mi« recess at the vault's s'de anti deposl'ed on the brie floor ; the lid, released from every screw, lay loose at the toi an«) the body, enveloped In its shroud, on which were severr dark »pots bel iw the chin, lay expoied to view ; the hea hud ''cen raited, the broad rina nd had been removed fiori under th« jaw. willoh now hung ao«a with the most ghastl; horror of expression, an if to tell, witb more terrifie certainty the truth nf th« preceding night's villon. Kvery tooth in th head had been drawn The \onag "ian had, when living, a beautiful set of souni teeth The derk's son, who was a barber, oupper, and dentist had possessed himse f of the keys, and eventually ot th teeth, for the purpose of profitable eroploymen- of s excellent a set in his line of business. The feelings n the Kev Mr. Perrlng oan ba easily conceived. Th event affected his mind through the remaining; tern of his existence ; bnt what became of the delinquent whoa sacrilegious hand had thus rifled the tomb was never altei I wards correctly ascertained. He decamped the same da» j and waa supposed to have enlisted as a soldier, Tbe citri was ignominiously displaced, and did not long survive th transaction. Home years aftorwards his house was pullei j down tu afford room for extensive improvements and net buildings tn the vllage. As regards the oocnrrenoe itself, few persons were apprlsec of it ; as the Vicar, shunning public talk and excitement oi thesnbjeot to any member of his f«nally, exerted himnelf ii concealing the »Iranmstancet as much ai Bosslble. Th« abov facts, however, may he strictly relied on as accurate. ! Why the ghost of the dead young man shouU have been troubled about his fine teeth is not mad ¡clear. Those acquainted with mesmerism wil easily perceive the most probable explanation o the phenomenon. The vicar was a mesmerii patient, without knowing it. The mind bf th« barber was naturally directed to the vicar, thi corpse, and the teeth he was stealing. The vica was ' en rapport' with the thief, and the dream thu produced was mixed up with his own thoughts and so took the shape in which our author ha told it. This may not be the true explanation, bu to the mesmerist it will appear exceedi»gly prob able. I The following story is of a different type : - In the j ear 1697 a youth of 19 year» rf age, n»me» Riclinr Dugdale, exotie.i great Htteniiou lt being «entmlly believe* that he was pi)snes»ed of an evil «puit, as the ctreot oonse quence of witohnruft. His paroxysm were witnessed b; mimemos e'prgymen, physicians, and persons of respecta cinty and rank, and onuied an amuiunt sf interest and ex cl temen t which o*n scarcely he realised. H is lits commence! with violent, convulsions ; his sight and ey eballs turned np wards and backwards; be afterwards answered questions predicted durlnit one flt the pert ud of ucoetslcnand ounniouo another fit; spoke in foreigu languages, of whioh ut other time he was Ignorant, and described events passing ata distance will singular and recognised acotiraoy. here ayain the word o narration is quoted at length : " At thu end of one fi the demnniao told what h ur of tbs niiiht or day his next [flt; woul i begin, very prnoisely and punctuully ns was oonatutitl; oliserved. though, there was no equal or set distance of timi between his flt« ; betwixt whioh there would be sometime a few hours, sometimes many, sometimes one day, some times many days." .. He would hov* told »ou," one oi tin deponents asserts nn oath ''when his fits would begin, dor asunder, wherein be never was that th» deponent knoweth off diaapo'nted " On one occasion, when the. minUtei was addressing him, he exclaimed, "At ten o'clock my next fi' oomes on." "He was never learnec in tho English tongue, and hhs natural and acquire« I abilities were vtiry ordinary, yet, «hen th' fitselzei him, t.< otteu spoke Latin. Greek, and ottier manages very well »... He often told of things in bis firs done at a ole tance, whilst th'ise things were a-dolug -aa. for instance, i worn*« being afraid figo to the "park, though she wa« o mi within a bow's length of it, w»i Immediately sent for by li demoniac, who said, ' ' TJnleis that weak-faitberl jad come, my fits will last longer* Roms said, 'üet u send (rr Mr tí-?' The demonlao answered. - He is nov* j upon the h ay cart,' wh'ch was found to bs true. . . OJ I another occasion he told what great oistresu there wan In Ire I lund, and that England must 1 pay tho pl per ' Again, ont I going by him to a ahiir-U meeting-, was told by the demoniac j ia lils fit, 'Thou needait n"t go to the slid meeting, for l can tell thee the sermon that will hn preached there,' upon which lie told him the text and much of the sermon tb t wrs th»i day preached." ¿aptly, it is certified by two of the deponents that ''the lemonfno could not oertaioly judge what the nature of bis distemper was ; because when he was out of bis Ats he could not tell how it was with him when he waa in bis fits." This was simply a casa of mesmeric trance. The prediction that the fit would occur at a cartain hour brought it on s»t that hour by unconscious cerebra» tion, just as the promise given by a mesmerised person to do a certain thing at a certain hour will certainly induce the promiser to do that thing at the hour premised, or, as the ftrm determination on the part of a person when going to bed to rise at five o'clock on the following morning, will cause him to wake at or about that hour. The utterances of the entranced person in L .tin or Greek, indicates merely transference of consciousness. The clergymen who addressed the supposed demoniacs, spoke in those languages, and had the answers expected in their minds, and the patient answered accordingly. It was simply a case of nervous disease, and not of demoniacal possessing, or, at all events there is no evidence to show that it was the latter. Our author of course is great on dreams, omens, second sight, and spectral appearances. Here are some of his stories: - Inthe autumn of tne year 1845, one of the maidservants i ot the then rector of Shepparton, a villuge on the Tharne«, near Chertsey, dreamed that her brother, a respectable and steady youth belonging to that plaoe I was drowned The dream was singularly vivid. In lt she further imagined that she actually went to search for lier brother's body, »nd that after seeking for some time, «he found it nt a certain part of the river, willoh she knew well, ' non the brink, and in a particular position. The dream took place on a Biiurday night. Wh^n sheawolte OD tb« Sund y ?norning, she at once accquainted ber fellow servant (who saw how deep uu impression th- dream had evidently made), and remarked that ehe ought at once to obrain \ier matter's leave lo go hom« on the morrow, and warn her t.rother, who wa« unable to swim, not to go out on to the river. The leave was «iven, und herbóme was soon >eached, but ulat), the warning had com« too late. Mer brother had eouerowing on the Sunday evening, Hie boat was »ot'hletit«Uy upset, und he »aa drowund. The bod, «*iis not recovoird for some time : nor was lt found near the bpo'j w here the accident lied happened. But it WHS found by the pror vouth'a sister, lo« wr do-n the river, and exactly in the sam« pince und position us had been so furolbly and clearly pre figured in her impressive dre tm. A singular case of tecuart sight, ls reported from the neigh bourhood of M»rlioroiwb. A labourer named Duck, em. plo*ed by Mr Dixon, of Mildenhall. Warroo Farm, was In charge of a horse aud water cart on the farm, when the itnlmu took fright and knocked him down. The wheel want over nie chest and the injuries he received were suoh that ¡Ha death occurred shortly afterwards However, th« singu lar p»rt of »he story remains to be told. Duck resided at Bamsbury and immediately after the accident Mr. Dixon despatched a woman to ucquuint ins wife of tho fact On arriving at her home the messenger found her out gatherum wend i hut shortly afterwards A girl who was her companion arrived, and, without being told of what had oi-ouvred, volunteered the statement, that 'Kia (Mrs. puck 1 was unable ti> do much that morning that sh« badi i been ve.y much frightened, having teen her husband in the wood. Bhortly afterwards Mr«. Duck returned wiihoiit any wi'p.l, and neiug informed by a nelnhonnr that a womnn from Mlidenhuli, Woodlands, wished to soe her. ejaoutated Imme diately 'My Divtd'n .lead, thei.f" Iiiqnliy hhs sim« been made by Mr. Dixon of the woman, and she poiitlvely asserts that she saw ber husband In the wood, and Bald, "Holloa, David what wind blnwB you here theD?" and that be mada no jvply. Mr. Dix 'n inquired what time chis occurred; und alie replied, about 10 o'clock, the hour at whian the f.tal accident took place-A.D. 18"4. The account hem set forth was recently told to me by a certain Captain H-, living «ear Uardiff, Sou'h Wales. A few miles from Cardiff. on the Monmouth road, there is a narrow epot he'd lu awe by the peasantry, for a morder was committed the e years ago, ana it is said to be haunted by unquiet spirits. Tue brother of my friend, aaoflicer In the army, wit» has seen active service in India, wu s returning with his wife ie a dogcart, some few months apo. from a dinner with si-me friends in the country, a lew rhiles from Oatdirt. It wits lute , in the night ; and aa thuy entere«! the narrow pitrr of tlieroud just mentioned, they hean the soun-i of wheels bellin«! thrim. They looked auk und saw Ult lights of a carriage aud to avoid being overtaken and passed in such a narrow road. Captain H-whipped his horse and tried to keep well in from. Presently the sound of wheels ceased, and to their great surprise, indeed, consternation, they ail of a sudden saw the lights arid heard the wheels of a earrlag« some distance on in front of them. It wan evidently the same : and i et ic bad never pas-ed them ! It seemed cn st p ? at the side ot the roud, and Captain B-drove bis dogcart past the s'range carringe. Be and his wife saw in it a dim light; thero wer- people in it, anti they seemed to be without heads; Mrs. S-was paralysed with terror : h«r husband cold his brother be would rather face a battery ot artillery than go through the horror of that moment; and the horse evidently was in sympathy with them, for he went like one mad. It appeals that the very same spectral figures had been seen by n country surgeon when passing the same place ; and tlut the landowners In thoa» parts had cut down trees, and clpped and altered the appearance "f the hedges on each side of the road in order to get rid, if possible, of the RhaBtly horror, and of the hold which ithas upon the popular mina. The appearance of the carriage and its occupa*ra, In a dim, hazy light, was to tho last degree unearthly and spectral, »lr vf alter Scott relates a strikng occurrence which hap pened to bim at the Mme Abbotsford WAS in the courue of erection Mr, Bullock was then employed by him to fit the castle up-with proper appurtenances, when during that per son's abscence 'n london the following extraordinary cir cumstance took pince :-In a letter to Mr. Terry in the y«ar 1818\. Scott wrote: "The night before last we were awakened by a violent noise, like drawing heavy boards along the new part of the house, I fancied something bad fallen, and thone!) t no more aboutit. This waa about two in the morning. Last night, attila sam« witching hour, the same nolie recurred. Mrs. 8., SB yon know, is rather timbersome; so up I got, wita Beardy's broad word undor my arm. Bat bolt upright. And ready to il«ht, But nrthing was out of order, neither could I discover what occasloueu the disturtatice Now strangely enom<b. on the morning that Mr T. ny lecelvtd ihis letter he was breakfast ing wirti Mr Ktskine (aileiw.rris Lord Kinneder), and the ohlef su' jeot of their couversulion was tt-«e su'den death of Mr. Bul oi'k, wilie", un com paving dates, must hiive b"t>peued on the name night, and ss neur ss could possibly be ascer tained, at the same hour, th»se iiUturhanci-B occurred at Abbotsford, Otie might he induced to maintain that some drunken w-irkmen or disorderly persons wire ou the pie mlses, 1nt this method of accounting for the coincidence will at once he exploded rn, reading the following passage iront Bcotttothe s<me gentlemen :-"Weteyou not »truck wit" the fantastical coincidence of our nocturnal dis un ance ut Abbotsford with the mflannholy event thitfolltiW8? I protest to you lb<ttbe noise resenibl-d hnlf-a-rioze men hurd atwoik polling np beards and furniture and nothing could he more certain than that there was nobody on the premises at the tim«." We shall close these extracts with the following listofwierd lore respecting theTichborne family, which, on account of the recent trial of the claimant, will probably be interesting to many of our reader» The case of the Tiohborne Prophecy, in connection with the well-known ancient Dole of that family, is so curious (having Veen in part lecently fulfilled), that it may not only be set forth in detail, but may reasonably find a place ut this particular part of this book. K»r the fellowing version the editor ia Indebted te a near connection of toe family : " The Tiobbornes dato 'heir possession of the present patri mony, the manor of Tichborne, BO tar baok as two hundred years before the Conquest, when tbe Lady Mabella norn ont with age and infirmity, was lying on i er deathbed, she besonght her loving husband Sir Buger Tichborne, as her last, rt quest, that he would grant her the means of leaving behind ber a charitable bequest, in a Dole of Bread ro be distributed to all who sboulu apply for ic »nnually on the Feast of Annunciation ot the Blessed Virgin Mary. Sir Hoger, her husband, readily acceded to her request by pro- j misiug the produce of as much laud as she cuulil go over iti the vioiuity of the Park whiln a certain brand or billet was burning, supposing that, from ber long infirmity (fer s'ie had heen bedridden somei years), she would ba able to go round a small portion only of his prwperty. The venerable dame, however, ordered her attendants t» ctnvey her to tl e oorner of the Park, wher«, being depcs'ted on ch» gr<iun«, she seemed to regain a renovaron of streng'h; and tc the surprise of her snxi us aud admiring lord, who began io wonder where this pilgrimage might end, sheorawled round several rich and goodly aoies. "Th« field which was the scene of Lady Mahalia's extraor dinary feat retains the name of ' The Crawls' to this duy. It is situated near the entrance to the fark, and cont tins an area of twenty-three acres. " tier taBk being completed, she was re-conveyed to ber chamber; and summoning her family to ber bedside, pre dicted its prosperity while the annual Dole existed, and iel t her solemn cu'se, afered in God's most holy name, on any of her descendants who should beso meun or covetous as io disoentinue or divert ir, p.opbesylng that when auch should happen the old uou«e*houl<i full, ana the family name would become ext! not from the failure of heirs male; and that this would be foretold by a generation of seven sens being fol lowed immediately after by a generation of seven daughters and no ron "The custom thus founded in the reign of Henry II. con tinued te be observed for cen'ttries ; and our Lady's Day, the 25th or March, became the annual festive-day of the fatnllv. It was not until the middle of the lus* oentury that the ensto-u was abused ; when, undor the pretence of uti ena (115 the Tichborne Dole, vagabonds, gipsies, and idlers of every description, assembled from all quarters, pilfering through out the neighbourhood; and. nt last, the gentry und macis trates complaining, it WUB discontluued in 1796 Sincluar^y enough, the baronet of that day. Sir Henry Tichborne, hud seven eons, and, when he was succeeded by the eldest, there appeared a generation of seven daughters, while the apparent fnlûlment of the prophecy was completed by the change of the name of the late baronet to Doughty, under the will of his kinswoman (This allusion ia to Sir Edward Doughty, ninth barom-t, who inherited che ' Doughty' estate, then Mir. Edward Tichborne,)" The present Mayor of Melbourne. Mr. Gate house, baa distinguished h is renrn ns chief magistrate by an amount of open-handed hospitality that will not soon be forgotten. The hall that he gave on Tuesday, the 28th September, in the Town Mall, w».s (acoording to tbe ADE) quite lavish in itu safrouiidin«B. The invitations issued were close on 20; 0. and these seem I o have been accepted by a lace majority of th invited. Indeed, questa were so numerous that the ilanciusr space in the great hidl did not afford room enough to thoBe *ho «.ere te m pie 1 to trip a nv asure to the admirable selection of darjee muBic played by (Jhnpman's baud. Both HOUSOB of Parliament were we 1 represented in t*ie assemblage, ami amongst the the guestB wer< several visitors of distinction, II« well BB a great number of leading citizens. In the first «et Sir Francia Muphy danced with Mrs. Gatehouse, «nd the Mayor with viss Arness for bis pariner. Madame Eistoti's daughter w-is also in thc same set. The supper WUB laid in the court-yard, which, aB on former occasions, proved a very agreeable retreat after pleasant exertions in 'he hall above. The cater ing was carried out by Mr. Guns ter in firat-c'ass style, and fully deserved the goi'd things said in his praise by those who enjoyed the deleoacies placed before them. The Mayor took Madame Jiistori down to sup per, and the only toaste pro> oaed were tbe Queen ami the eminent tragedienne now sojourning amongst ut. The loyal toant «as be >rtily responded to, and Madame. Riatori bewt'd h^r thituka for the compliment paid her. The festivities were kept up till a late hour. 