INTERVIEWING MR. GREENLAW ON BANKING MATTERS. HEADERS of the dailies and conners of the weeklies will have ob- Rerved latterly a good deal of inquisitive reporting upon the gentleman at the head of these remarks. Owing to a recent heavy failure, conspicuous attentions have been bestowed upon the principles of h:iuk managers—the Colonial Bank manager in particular coming in for a degree of attention rarely bestowed upon men of his class, upon men getting a living by lending the moneys of others. These men exist in all grades, either of birth or country; and Melbourne is singularly fortunate in possessing managers of banks capable of doing either their customers or their consciences—the latter being an event of singular rarity, by reason of its absence. Immediately we found that Mr. Greenlaw insisted upon attending the meeting of creditors in the estate ailnded to, we put ourselves in communication with our Interviewist. Our 'Yiewist lost no time in putting his head inside the managerial dormitory of the Colonial Bank, and we have every reason to direct the special attention of our subscribers to the exhilarating scene depicted below. He says :— " I found the notes. Thanks. The reports were fairly correct, thought about 11 a.m. a fair average time to see Mr. Greenlaw. I took the boy in, well up to me, but sufficiently behind me to do away with the idea of a rush. The boy's notes are correct. REP.—Good day, Mr. Greenlaw. GBEEN.—The same to you, sir-r-r-r. (Note.—On r's Mr. G. is very effective.) R.—I think G.—Not at all. The Board has that kind of feeling which my note would convey. You must put in fresh paper. The last we know to be renewals, and your overdraft stands now at . R.—Surely there— G.—Par-r-r-r- don me. We have no objection if you reduce the overdraft eight hundred by Monday to discount the bills of ,R.—If you would allow G.—I cannot go beyond my instructions. I am but a servant, If you pay in R. (warmly).-—What the devil G. —We are not accustomed, sir, to R. (handing card).—You surely G. (reading).—Goodness me. I really beg your pardon, sir. seated. You will excuse me. So dreadfully worried in this affair of M'Ewan's. R.—So I read. But why distress yourself in that manner 1 lou are ill. Yon look it. G.-Am feverish. Merely that. I am only too pleased to findone paper capable of getting at the bottom of this most sad affair, and I think you can do it. R.—Most sad. What are you really in for ? G.—I hardly know yet. You see the account really is most difficult to understand. R.—Of course we talk these matters over for a reasonable amount of information ; but don't you think you were too easy with therai G.—I am more than afraid BO. 11.—What a pity. How much is really owing on that big promiS' sory note ? The one, you know, which bothers the people so. G.—Nothing. A mere voucher for R.— Going in with, whenever you felt in doubt, eh ? (Pokes G s. fat side.) G. (laughing).—Might be yes and might be no. It.—Scotch, Mr. G., eh ? I suppose hard Scotch 7 G.—I hardly know. I sometimes think I am, then I fancy I am & Cockney ; at other times I feel so simple, I think there must be \OIKshire blood in me. I was born at sea. . R.—However, to business. I suppose on a fair average M Ewans account was your best ? G.—How ? R.—For fair bleeding—good square sucking. G.—I harrrrdly comprehend. R.—Well, for straight out pawnbroking on. G.—I am at a loss , R.—A loss which, honestly speaking, we hope won't bust tbe i B—This three-ball concern called a bank! Now, let us fairly I reason together, although the age of miracles is past. For once I Ttill endeavour to imagine you, as a bank manager, to be possessed of gentlemanly instinct and reason. G —Impossible, varra impossible. R;—Very likely, although yonr tongue slipped. Now, in the event I of the M'Ewane jibbing at this leech business of .yours, this phlebotomy, this blood drawing, this contemptible grab all G.—You speak harrrrshly—cruelly so. Ifc—Not at all. You are not a fair judge of harshness, my limp* I gpiiar'd discounter. However, X repeat, when these poor devils failed to provide the mercantile blood for your rapacious maw, I suppose, like a clever fencer, you would have slung in your left—that prornimry note—as a finisher. Granted. You would have succeeded in a more summary fashion in the accomplishment of ending their trading career, than the present circuitous method through the Court. G./excitcdly).—I never meant to stop them. It"—Not when the warrants were not forthcoming—the bill of so I and so's, or the bonded certificates warm from the original holders 1 0 — I am only a servant. The board R, (striking table).—Don't board me. This false excuse of your I tribe is played out. Your board, forsooth 1 We think as little of your board as we do of most other boards. ' 6.—That's varrry true about these boards. B.—Now, to go back. Of course that is all humbug about your guarantee reserve. [ 6.—I assure you we have quietly and quarterly wiped off so much | to meet this sad stoppage ever since we took the account. B.—Then your past balance sheets are flams, for there is no | record G —D it, Sir, we R,—Keep calm, my salmon-tinted pawnbroker; 1 am not overdram, and hate bullying. Now Mr. 6., there's another little matter I want your attention to (although being a thing of commercial molality, my innocence is apparent in talking commercial morality with a Bank Manager, that is if there is anything left un-grabb'd)— one other trifling matter. G.—Go on, Sir ; but remember this is not the Insolvent Court. R.—That will come anon, my unaccountable discounter. I want to ask yoii how you reconcile truth and honesty with your assurance to mercantile enquirers that, up to within a few days of the firm's stoppage, they were undoubtedly safe—safe to sell to—good marks G.—Every bank in Melbourne does it. R.—I will not contradict your statement. G,—It is absolutely true. R.—And yet you and your kindred have the effrontery to sit iu council and profess to take the lead in punishing frauds of struggling tradesmen, or sharp practices in business. G.—Custom, Sir; we are but servants of the bank. 11—You wear shaven faces. You are church vestrymen. You tush the foremost benches in society ; you croak in concert over the carrion, bled by your greedy business devices, as you leave it, often the sole sickly asset for poor others, creditors in the same estate. G.—We must protect the bank we serve. K.—And, thank God, you, for one, have been caught napping ; caught red handed ovEE-protecting your employers. You manager's too, hate one another, you profess. In secret you rush one another's parlours, and compare your customers' pass books, when it suits. When it does not suit, the fair trader has a slight show of a quid pro qvo for the interests you eat him up with ; poor devil. 6\. (rising).—Let me understand. Are your remarks aimed entirely at roe? 11.—A good many, most assuredly. But you are nearly all alike, only you didn't hold your hand up, and we know where the jack is. G. (sneeringly).—Gambling slang ; low slang. • 5' Yes, High, low, &c.; You have played both. We've got your jack anyhow, and we fancy Wriothesley Baptist Noel will score the game. Look here, when that examination comes on, poor Hugh ulass s ghost will sit next to the relentless counsel against you. He can't talk, anyhow, lj.—You shall have a carte de visite of Billy Degraves arm in arm with the other liberal minded bill discounter, the faithful M'MuIleu, struck off for your especial refreshing. ^-Anything else ? Any more bills ? of W more P ictures - Just the pamphlet lives of Cruikshank, a t>T • 6S ' ^unn i D gham, with notes by Burnes and other popular uuiors in your pawnbroking trade. You can sneer ; your shareholders 1 ! Probably alter your laugh to the other side of your delicate features by and bye. Don't be nasty. »-—Idon't wish to resemble you in any one particular. It ~v f ° reet 0Ul Boar<ls restrict us to J ^ark to your Boards, sheltering yourself, as you all nw» w . hi PP ed hounds behind greater ones! Don't mock the busi- '«s associations of the Exchange cf England by calling yourselves " Boards." Call yourselves, except in miraculous instances, " happy' families, resembling," a6 you do, the wild animal cages of the travel-; ling shows at home ; for lion and tinker, lamb and tailor, tiger and' showman, hyena and grocer, Diogenes and Dick Swiveller, merchant and fee fobber, jostle each other, and grab for their Monday and Thursday allowances in your temples, and are not afraid-to own it. Boards, bah 1 The scene sickens one as Ave unfold it. G,—I am glad we poor to&ls; after all can have some consolation left us in hearing you on Boards. Go on, on Boards. I; , ; R.—Yes, sir, and at your Boards, as you call them. Your masters, your green grocers probably, hesitate not to carjy their twopenny halfpenny informations back into their shops, or th^^tfntih^-'hduses, and rob their neighbours by using the shareholders' information, and undersell, over trade, or get the best of what oughtto be afaii' trading field, and no favour 5 and cry aloud, " Behold my purity, I: am a Bank Director free from guile." G.—Why, sir, I hardly know one director who does not trace his customers' position through our ledgers. R.—And what you can't tell him he makes you find out from the other managers. G.—Precisely. R.—Don't you thiuk you have mistaken your calling ? This life is not what yours ought to be. G.—I often think I should have done better iu business. R.—So you would, sweet boy. You ought to have been a G. (rapidly).—A what—a what? R.—A lifter. G—What's that? R.—A boy in buttons at an hotel; he who works the lift. You understand. The winder-nj/. G.— Cannot possibly see your joke. R.—We never create jokes for your tribe ; we prefer waiting for an insolvent Term. G.—For what purpose ? R.—To view you wriggle in the witness- box ! You will squirm like an eel on a mndbank. With this cheerful prospect, I leave you. Good day. , (The passage was full of lank, long faces. It was a discount day. The Manager when last seen by our Ipterviewist, sat ,staring at the ceiling and vacancy, chewing a quill's end.) 