. f ADELAIDE.. Thursday. It is roportcd that tho blaoks liavo. fniu-dorod 'Messra. i rernuui and Borroilile, oxplorors. Tim Gothenburg relief fund has reached the Bum of fhroo thousand pounds. ''! Theatre Royai; — Dosjiiio tho. fearful hont .of tho night, tho now pieco >,'''Casto " wns played to a very fnir house,- aud'dosorVcd a far bot-lei- one. Too noting throughout was sc- murkubly good, mucli hotter than we liavo boon in tlio liablt of witnessing lntoly. Tho part of tho piece wns undoubted by Mr. Ford's licclcs, -whieli ' was 'played'' to'-th'b lifd; not "6ubatbiiv! .overstrained, arid fully bora output- oft-repented lassei'tion tliiit. (wliou ho cliobsoa) ho can uuiulio ' his nudicnap ns lio plousoH, Mr. Seugravo was gonial, oomioal,- and ontertnliilng as Sam De.uriilge, and looked and , spoke- so lilco n plumber thnt wo think' the Ons Cohipnny onglit to ongiigoliim to look after thoir fittings. MiHs C. Wilson's Esther was natural; miaifented— a steriing piece of acting — mid she ovidently impressed tho " nudionco most.; , favourably, wild wei-o hearty aiid froquent' iii t, licit- ap plause. -Takoii ns a wliolo, wo considor, so fur - ns wo liavo soon, tlio Cpiubiuation .Company aro , tliobost that have visited tlio North for 'years past; they: desoi'vo patrotnigc, audi will gotdt, wo hopio. To BtnD; lOmer.iis. — A neighbor.. of oitrs 1b in tho possession of n cngo full of small birds: siicli us black .throats, (Toiiblo lairs, pliostimts, &c.;' .YcstbnlayTiioming wliou lio.wcii.t to feed litem bo foiitid tliiit sonic woro missing, and lio was considerably, puzzled ns to how. tlioy coiild liitvo dishppohi'cd, as tlio'wiros of tho cagp'tvorb "far too clbso to allow tlioiii to oi-oop between tliom. Upon making a oloso inspection lio saw ii carpet siiako lying on a small shelf at tlio' top.-' of, tho , cage, with two or tlireo vcty siispioious'loolciog swellings in liis body. Tho wrbtbli was per-1 feotly quiet and did not inttko any attoi'npt' to inovo; in fact lio was gorged, and tvus-in ns happy a condition ns is an alderman after his tui-tlo and venison at a eivio lonst.-v Tho birds wore di-ivon'into uuotlici-'oitgo,- and his snnlte- sliip was iilontifiilly: dulifged: witli boiling: water; this unoxneoted hath lmd tlio oft'oet of rousing him and lie fell to - tlio bottom 'of- tho. cage, -and after a writh or two he gavo up tlio ghost. ;--jUpoii oponiiig him throe birds yvoro; found, all of" whioh' appeared to liavo hobii swallowed an hour boforo thoy wore missed. Tnn 1'unt. — After a tlu-eo weok's spoil tho steam punt started work ngnin yesterday; siio lias been partially ropaiied hut not so thorougiily as wns intended, bceausc, from tho mnmier iu wliic.h slio wns lying, it. was inqiosaiblo to got at lioi- sides. Sho is howover in dcpondablo ofdor, and conunuiiication will not, wo hope, ho again out off. The ferry stops aro ropnired and piiBsengors no longer ran tho risk of break ing thoir legs. St. Patrick's Day.— Wb hnvo- seldom soon Ireland's day pass over, oven in the colonics, without someimoofhorsons' "bciit-g htuemawldcd for wnut of a batin." No " Irislunnii alt iu liis glory was -thcro certainly through the day time, hut nt night tho Groon Isle was well re presented in tlio School of Arts, at a ball entered for by Mr. Joyce, of tlicQueoiYsHotol, and which wis numerously, and most rospce.tnbly .attended. Dancing ommoneoa at an qnriy liour, and wns kept up with unflagging strength and' spirit. Tho jigs and other national dances of tho "oiild countltry " wero danced as only Ifishmott can dance t.hem, and a moro successful public ball liiis not yet been held in tho town. Harmony and tho strictost dcooruin roigncd throughout . tho evening, which was one of very general satisfaction to tlio visitors, who one and ail agreed that'SToyco's Ball," nsthoy called it, wns a credit to tho occasion. Tho; Volunteer Baud wits in attendance, and name oil' with moro than usual honors, lio small sliaro of whioh, woro duo to Mr. Eugarde, tho violinist., who, liko Orplious of old, niiulo everything move, and scorned to impart fresh lifo and spirit to tho dnueors, who footed it with undaunted spirit and onorgy until daybreak, wliou tlio company sopnratccV highly delighted with " Joyce's Ball." Child Desertion.— At the Police Court yes- day, Jabez Loan, who had been arrested on a warrant, by Constable Peter Turner, admitted having deserted his illegitimate female child, and was ordered to pay 8s. weekly for a year towards its support; also, to pay costs amount ing to £1 15s., and to find one surety in the sum of £15 for the due performance of the order. Tim Nomination.— AVo hog to call attontion to tho fnet nlroaily announced by Captain Hunter, tho roturning- oHicoiytluit tho nomina tion of candidates for this electorate takos plaeo this day, at. noon, at tlio Municipal Council Chambers. Tho nomination papers wero sont in last night, and wo learn that thcro arc only two candidates in the field, viz., Mr. AArillinm Ron, of Fairy Bower, and Mr. C. H. Buzucott, our Into Moinber; who has iiguiu placed his services at tho dis posal of tho constituency. It romnius, there- lore, l'or tho electors to dcoide, and wo hope tlioy will show their intorost in tlio question by attouding- in forco to-day at tho nomination. Use op Lkiuor Ammonia.— For very mnny yoars \vu(Qui!t!iishind Times) liavo wateliod witli interest the growing belief in liijitar ammonite. Our bcliof is that it has a peculiar powor ovbr animal poison ;' as an illustration of which we will for tlio first timo givo publicity to tho fol lowing fuel, which took placo undor our own ob servation. It is so rcmnrkablo that wo think it right to mention tho names of the parties con cerned : — Somo fifteen or sixteen years ago wo happened to bo in tlio surgery of . a valued friaud, Dr. AVilliam Valontino; of Camphnll Totyn, Tasmania, wliou a servant ontored saying that her muster, a gentleman named M'Rae, had beon stung by n boo and was very ill. Tho doctor said ho would soo him pre sently, and ho l-ocommoneed our conversation. In a few minutes tho servant returned m a most oxoitcd stato and said thnt her muster- was dying. My friend asked mo to accompany him, -and wo soon ronuhod tho lmuso of tho -patient... Mr. M'Rao was lying on his book in a bod ; ho was perfectly unconscious, liis . eyes woro turned up wards, and thcro was tlio un mistakable singultus, or douth-ruttlo, iu liis throat. "AVhy," exclaimed tho doctor, lie's dying!" He produced from liis pocket, how ever, a hottlu of liqtior ammonite J'oHissimtis, soino of which, diluted, lio forced down tho pationt's throat, und nppliod somo undiluted to. tho small liardly-pbraoptiblo punotnrod wound in tlio right side of tlio lieclc. In a fow seconds the oft'oots woro iatonsoly interesting; tho oyes began to reoovor.thoir speculation," the breathing became roliavcd, and briotly, within hnlf-an-houi- tlio sufl'oi-er wns conversing with us und desbribiug the siugulm- fact that o)io of Ills owii boos, in the'gnrdon, flow right lit him nnd stung liim in tho neok. Tho only evil result was an ulcer ahoiit . tho sizb' .bf a oroivn pieoo, cnuHcd by tlio . powoi-fnl antidote applied locally to tlio wound. Oiu- donv old friend tho doctor is still alive, bnd -wo sitw a'- letter from him' in tlio Melbourne Argus the other dny— is still doing liis duty to his fellow- mon. Should thoso lilies meet his viow, wo trust that lie will loud liiB powerful aid to tlio enusq o'f soioiiqo in the present important con-' trovbray rcspcoting nn nllogcd nntidoto to a'' fearful nosion. A Scandal . in II ion. Life.— Syduoy has .boon recently , muoli. agitated', (says tlio ."Lounger," - in . tho ; Melbourne. J feral tl) by n scandal in high lifo, which, for.n moment, moved to circulation the sluggish , blqud of tho sleepy people of that oity," Tlio pi-liioipnl actress iu tho drnmn wjis d lady who lias, iu her time, acted !inliny 'parts. vOiibo slio brought nlioiit a i-uptm-o between a cortnin . Loyal porsonago and ' tho Governor for tho timo being. . AVliou hor powor over tlio high , and mighty oeasod she sought other proy. A certain qld_ colonist of Sydnoy, who Iiab re ceived a; title, sent out his youthful son to mniittgo tlio Now South AViiles business: In stead of tliat tho lndy mentioned managed to got 'hold of him, and the resuit was that slio nt'Onebsot up her enrriago, had lior suito, wont by. Hie uiimo of Mrs.- , soon- to : bo I.ady — — mid emptied tho plothorio puvso of tho 'happy Jyouth. But all good things will hnyo; an end, and tho. nows coining to tlio "old man's " . ears ho dosputohed- poromptory. orders for liisson to roiurn.to -Eufopeui- Thoro. wiis n soonq, of oourso, but thu youth lind ro- covorod his scusos,.aml tlio fair Circe .iuid.lo, olonr out. But I liavo heard of lior siuco, and, I And thnt, liko a cat, sho. has fallen on hot foot and mado another good coup. Tlio good pooplo of Sydney liavo been greatly scandal ised by tlio afi'air, which imiy be true, anil may bo not, but so tiic report gees. A Manaoer DbboEnlr-t-Tho-ilf: and .D. Ad vertiser says :" AVnnteil n fori-ior, . good ; nt kilting nnti vo ,eati>. Apply Uiiloii Bank, Ma'ry- borongli." So ran nn ndvortlsemoiit whioh np- poarod in our last isstio. And u strange com motion it cansbd.' From 10 a.m. till evening tho unfortunate manager of that hank was " worried " - -by dogs, no imattor. wliithor. lio, wont, oi wished to go. Thui'o wero dozens of inon With '.'dnwgs';' round tho hank door throughout tho day, mid tho uproar and hark ing, was somothing to l-omombor. ... Somo of tho " dnwgs " wore qucor " terriors." One, almost nsbigas n young donkey, ;mul looking most forouiuiis, was brought around. Ho was re jected by the manager, of course. AVo observed bull dogs, water .djigs, .kangaroo dogs, pointer dogs, sotte.'s, spaniols, sheep dogs, Newfound land dogs, hlaclc 'dogs, white dogs, yollow dogs, blue dogs, groy dogs, big dogs, littio dogs, and I otlipr descriptions of dogs, , too. numerous to moiitibn, iunougst tlio mongrel crowd of 'ours in tlio vieinity of tlio bank. Toward!) ovoning tho thing boeniuo dreary, and tho manager took a wnlk.np to tho railway station. Ho was there followed by a nnmbor of men .with dogs. Ho, 'adjourned to tho Bull null Mouth, .but' as , soon . oh it was known that ho was in that .hostelry thcn.nll tho doors wcro.blqeked. upjby men with dogs, so tliat pgross wns iinpossiblo. Ono dog, , . round ivhoso neok wits a largo tieicot, on whioli ' the word "warranted" was written, was- brought in, wliilo dozens outsiilo wero waiting tlioir turn. AVo understand tliiit tho mnniigol- was ahio to suit himself,- for tlmro nppoars in this day's paper nu : ndvortiscinont oalliug for eats " to try iny now piirohasq.'', ; . , , , 