JUraismtnts. THE THEATRE ROYAL. Bkkejot to Hies Maggie Moobe. On Friday, October 1, Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson) took her farewell benefit at tte Royal. That this pleasant young actress has thoroughly established herself in public favour was most decidedly evinced by the brilliant assembly which filled the Theatre last evening to give her a truly complimentary benefit. The house was crowded from floor to ceiling, and in no part was even standing room obtainable after the advertised time of commencing the perfor mance. ; On no former evening do we recollect to have seen every portion of the building so thoroughly crammed. The beneflciare and her talented husband received quite an ovation on their entrance, and were recalled after each act, and the stsge around them literally nearly paved with floral offerings, inoluding some very handsome wreaths. The programme opened with the pathetic yet amusing drama, "Struck Oil," which had been wisely revived for the occasion, for in no other piece produced during this season has Mrs. Williamson, and indeed the whole company, appeared to such advantage. Often as " Struck Oil" has been given here, con sidering that the average run of a piece in Ade laide is not more than three nights, it came with all the freshness and piquancy of a first rendi tion, and the more striking points were as thoroughly enjoyed and enthusiastically applauded, if not more so, thau on the first night of its presentation. John and Lizzie Stofel will long hold a place in the affectionate memories of Adelaide playgoers as among the most touching, artistic, and true epitomes of homely human nature ever presented to their notice. Mr. Andrews's Deacon Skinner, too, met with flattering marks of approval, and that gentleman was imperatively recalled at the termination of the piece. It may be mentioned that some changes took place in the cast consequent on the accident which happened to Mr. Douglas some weeks back. Mr. West acted the part of Judge Flynn instead of Dr. Brown, who was impersonated by Mr. Dillon, Mr. A. Andrews appeared as Pete Rowley, Mr. Daniels as "The officer of the day," and Mr. Reading as the Sheriff, each of whom was effective in his new role. The afterpiece was an American farce given for the first time in Adelaide, entitled "The Fool of the Family," in which Mrs. Williamson as Betty Sanders, a second edition of "Nan the Good for Nothing," and Mr. Williamson as the Yankee boy Zeb kept the audience in roars of laughter by their quaintness and humour. The remaining dramatis personce were impersonated very ably by Mr. W. Andrews as Mr. .Sanders, Mr. Dillon as Mr. Gumption, and Miss Wallace as Lucretia. Last Afpeabance of the Williamsons. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson performed for the last time in Adelaide at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, October 2, before a crowded house. The programme was a repetition of that of the previous evening, namely, " Struck Oil" and " The Fool of the Family," the two pieces in which they opened for the first time in Aus tralia at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, on August 1, 1874. The great variety of situation and incident, the clever intermingling of the pathetic aud the ludicrous, the amusing dialogue, the beautiful scc-neiy, the finished acting of the chief performers and their strict fidelity to nature, combined to make " Struck Oil"—as it has ever been—a thorough success. Mr. Wil liamson's John Stofel will long be remembered in the colonies as an original and powerful creation worthy to rank with Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle, Brooke's Othello, Montgomery's and Fairclough's Hamlet, Barry Sullivan's Richard III., and Charley Matthews in—well, in half-a-dozen of the rotes which he'has made so specially his own. Mrs. Williamson's " Leezie" is also an impersonation which will not readily be forgotten, and on Saturday evening she as usual evoked enthusiastic plaudits and showers of floral honours. On the fail of the curtain there was a perfect storm of applause, which only subsided on the reappearance of the four prin cipal performers. As the *' Fool of the Family" in the afterpiece Mrs. Williamson had free scope for her exuberant vivacity, and Bhe made the most of the opportunity, ably supported by Mr. Williamson as Zeb. At a quarter past 11 o'clock the audience dispeised with many aching sides. Mb. Fairclohgh as Hamlet. On Monday night the little house in Hindley street was opened for a Shaksperian season by that favourite legitimate actor Mr. Boothroyd Fairclough. Considering that there was a power ful counter-attraction in the last concert of Mdlle. de Murska, and also the serenade by the Liederfcafel, which brought a large concourse of people together, the attendance at the Theatre was a very gratifying one. All parts were fairly represented, and two at least well filled. The grand mediaeval tragedy, so old and yet so ever new and fresh from the close fidelity with which the master mind of the author has depicted humanity in all its varying moods and impulses, must ever appeal powerfully to the sympathies, at least, or Engiisn-speajung nations whilst the language in which, it is written exists. It says much in confutation of the popular and oft-repeated cry that the drama has irrevoc ably degenerated when so large a number of people, not alone of the higher but of all grades of culture, still retain their love of the legitimate drama as is proved by the manner in which they support it when properly placed before them. That such an opportunity now presents itself we need scarcely inform playgoers who enjoyed the privilege of hearing Mr. Fairclough and' Mrs. Steele during their former season in this city. The enthusiastic reception which these two talented artists met with last evening on their first entrance must have been exceedingly gratifying, evincing as it did that their admira ble acting of last year was neither forgotten nor unappreciated, and also the high estimation in which they are held by the Adelaide public. As the Queen came down to the front the ap plause was loud and general, but when Hamlet also appeared the action of the play was stayed for several minutes by the continued plaudits of the whole house. Of Mr. Fairclough's impersonation of the Danish Prince we have already expressed a vary decided opinion, and it is impossible to add much to what we have before said of a perfor mance which all unprejudiced minds must agree in regarding as a most masterly and artistic one, and second to none which has been given in the colonies. Though by no means at his best on Monday, for which there is ample excuse in the fact that it was a first night and the majority of the performers were entirely new to the business of their parts, Mr. Fairclough gave those present a taste of his powers with which few could fail to be delighted, and which as the well-known points were reached one after another evoked hearty and general tokens of approval. The excellent feature in connection with this gentleman's impersonation which nothing can alter is that his personal appearance is so greatly in favour of one supposed to represent "'the glass of fashion and the mould of form." Mr. Fairclough looks every inch a prince, his every movement is full of natural grace and dignity, giving evidence of careful study. This is particularly noticeable in the fencing scene. All know what the usual stage combat is like, but in this instance it is a clever fencing boat, in which one combatant at least is a finished master of the art. When the ideas of Shakspeare are presented even by an ordinary player the attentive student will often have light thrown upon some hitherto obscure portions, but when such an artist as Mr. Fairolough renders the text one can seldom fail to find a new revelation injmany a passage, with the meaning of which he has deemed himself familiar. Then as to Mrs. Steele's Gertrude. There be queens and queens, but it is seldom the privilege of any audience, least of all a colonial one, to see such a grand personification of regal dignity and such realistic and impressive acting as Mrs. Steele presents. It is always a great pleasure to hear her crisp, carefully modulated voice, but never mere so than when she is enunciating the classical .English of England's greatest poet. Miss Andrews no doubt surprised, and she certainly pleased all who witnessed her most commendable essay of a very difficult rSle. Considering that this was her first appearance as the fair Ophelia, and that sbe could not have had much time to perfect herself in the business at all events, great praise is due to her fcr a well-conceived and painstaking delineation of the character of the unfortunate maiden, the victim of hard fortune. Mr, West gave us an effective representation of the treacherous king when he last appeared in the part, and has improved on his former effort in a marked manner. He also delivered the long monologue for the ghost. That conscientious actor Mr. Garry Power had an up-hill task in his representation of the high-bred young courtier, Laertes, but acquitted himsel ffairly, though palpably unsuited to the character. Mr. William Andrews on the other hand was in bis element as the first graved igger, and was well sup ported by his brother, Mr. A. Andrews, as the second '* good delver." The latter also took the part of fiosencrantz. Mr. Gerald Dillon was moderately successful as Horatio, and the remaining dramatis personal were creditably sustained. All the performers merit special praise fcr being, as is too seldom the case, almost letter perfect in their text. Stalls, pit, and gal lery were well filled on Tuesday night, but the part of the house where a full attendance might reasonably have been expected was occupied by few. It almost seems as though a true appre ciation f high-class acting is more widely disseminated among the million than amid the upper ten. " Hamlet" wee repeated and nan smoothly on the whole, though one or two of the minor parts are scarcely all that could be desired, but this is more than compensated for by the grand acting of the principal performers. " Hamlet" was repeated for the third time on Wednesday night. There was a large atten dance. 