knowledge of the feelings, manners, and daily experiences of the people he describes, and a wonderful amount of careful observation and discriminating power in selecting picturesque places and incidents for description. Govinda S&nanta; is a story without a hero; indeed our author tella ua that the life of a Bengali rayat or peasant is almost always without romance; nevertheless he has succeeded in showing that the interest of a story does not depend upon abnormal incident While there is really no plot, except that woven by the every-day relations of members of a somewhat oppressed peasant community and those with whom they are obliged to have dealings, the characters are selected with special reference to making the reader familiar with the aims, hopes, strivings, and hardships, as well as the social habits and customs of an interesting community hitherto far too little known to the outside world. Govinda is the only character continuous throughout the story, and round whom the incidents are grouped. In following him through his daily expe periences we get graphic and often amusing accounts of the relations of the native peasantry not only to one another but also to their Zemindars and to the indigo planters, their employers, who are often selfish, and cruel enough, together with short uut valuable accounts of rice, sugar, and indigo cultivation. Mr. De gives us touching glimpses of their religious notions and exercises, their patient endurance of pestilence, famine, and oppression, and pitiable accounts of how it is feasible to hush op various crimes to accommodate various interests. There is a good picture of an old storyteller of Kanchapur, one Sambhu's mother, who while she workedat the spinning wheel charmed her childish audience with such startling accounts of 'the four com panions,' or of ghosts, of whom she gave such vivid descriptions that ' the children were afaid to go to their homes singly ; they formed themselves into a group, from which each one dropped off as he came to the door of his house, the boldest of the company being the last to reach home.' In the account of Ruma Rupd, the village schoolmaster, we get a quiet bit of aatire on unreasoning acceptance of custom in the following apology for Rup&'s cruel mode of punishment : — ' In justice to the lame schoolmaster of Eanchapur I should here remark that the above discliplinary process ?was not the product of his own fertile brain; it is a time-honoured institution which has been handed down from generation to genera ton of Bengali schoolmasters.' When Govinda is urged to resist the hard and najuat demands of the Zemindar, he asks in iiue Eastern fashion, 'Living in water low can I quarrel with the alligator!' ilanga, the mother of the 'wise house,' athongh thought wonderfully wise by tie members of her family, is gra inically portrayed as being blessed with amind which wa3 generally in that state of laziness whichreminds one of Mrs. Nickleby, fir we learn concerning a certain incident in Covinda'a early life that ' Alanga always cmembered that it happened on a Saturday, bt the month and the year escaped her lemory.' Mr. De^s book is net quite free iom verbal errors, and he shows himself very jnorant of European cooking, and wanting la more accurate knowledge of the true -uu actcr of the Lancashire cotton operative ^ass. It is evidently a faithful record of jrsonal experience; and having taken excep t-n to the minor faults abovenamed we iow no book we can so heartily recommend 4r imparting vivid impressions of the social Ie of the peasant clas of India as ' Govinda Jlmanta.' "Climate and Time in their Geological lationships, a Theory of Secular Changes of the Earth's Climate," by James Croll, is a book deserving to rank amongst the fore- most of those great geological works which have startled every one and alarmed many during the last ten or fifteen years. Mr. Croll is both, a geologist and physicist, and has long been known as an original thinker and keen observer in both sciences. For many years he has been endeavouring to unite the earth's geological epochs with its astrono- mical history, and thus at once explain its climatic changes, and fix a definite number of years of time to each of its vast geological periods. As far back as the year 1864, and again in the year 1868, we find him contributing articles to the Philosophical Magazine on this im- portant subject. Indeed the book now under notice, while not being a reprint of these and other articles contributed to the above-named and other magazines, may be looked upon as a complete exposition of what he has thus published with the exception of a few specu- lations he no longer holds tenable. Warn- ing our readers that Mr. Croll's views are opposed to those of many eminent philoso- phers, we will endeavour, without entering into technical criticisms, to give them a general outline of the arguments he adduces in defence of the position he has taken. It would appear then that the investigation of the successive changes and modifications which the crust of the earth has passed through during the ages — the great problem of geology — is in- timately connected with climatic agencies. "There are," says Mr. Croll, "few who reflect on the subject that will not readily admit that, whether as regards the great physical changes which are taking place on the surface of our globe, or as regards the distribution of plant and animal life, the ordinary climatic agents are the real agents at work, and that compared with them all other agencies sink into insignificance." That is to say, the climate of the earth has not been uniformly the same as at present during past ages, nor has it, according to the old notions connected with the doctrine of internal heat, been becoming uniformly colder. Climatic changes have been ex- tremely varied, and not only have regions now enjoying a temperate climate been deso- late as Greenland, but regions now held in the grasp of an Arctic winter have been covered with luxuriant vegetation. The period immediately preceding the present witnessed the extension of ice, not only in such parts of Great Britain as were above the sea, but over large portions of Northern Europe, America, and Asia, now inhabited by man. This was the last glacial epoch. During a period preceding it, and of a geologic age so compara- tively recent as the Miocene, Green- land and some neighbouring regions, the outlines of which it is hoped the present Polar expeditions will be able to map within the Arctic Circle, were adorned with various species of Wellingtonia, poplar, willow, beach, and oak, as well as the walnut, vine, plum, tulip-tree, and plane-tree, and several species of evergreens. Nearly sixty different species, brought from Atanekerdluk, in lat. 70° N., have been examined by Professor Heer, who is decidedly of opinion that they must have grown where they were found. "This is shown (a) by the fact that Captain Inglefield and Dr. Rink observed trunks of trees standing upright; (b) by the great abundance of the leaves, and the perfect state of preservation in which they are found ; (c) by the fact that we find in the stone both fruits and seeds of the trees whose leaves are also found there ; (d) by the occurrence of insect remains along with the leaves. . . . The flora proves without a doubt that Greenland in the Miocene epoch had a climate much warmer than the present one. The differ- ence must be at least 29° Fahr." (pp. 308-9). It is evident, then, that temperate climates were once Arctic, and that the Arctic Circle — now ice-bound — was once distinguished by a temperate and genial climate. Mr. Croll makes it clear that there have been several glacial epochs ranging irom the far-back Palaeozoic, or ancient life- period, to recent times, and that each of these glacial epochs may have had and in all probability has had its own periods of variation, during which the climate has changed from colder to warmer, and back again to colder conditions. It is well known that Sir Charles Lyell accounts for these variations by the differences in the distribution of land and water upon the earth itself— a theory which is disposed of as follows on page 9 of the present work: — "Sir Charles concludes that were the land all collected round the poles, while the equatorial zones were occupied by the ocean, the general temperature would be lowered to an extent that would account for the glacial epoch. And, on the other hand, were the land all collected along the Equator, while the polar regions were covered with sea, this would raise the temperature of the globe to an enormous extent. It will be shown that this theory does not duly take into account the prodigious influence exerted on climates by means of the heat converged from equatorial to tem- perate and polar regions by means of ocean currents. In chapters II. and III. I have endeavoured to prove (1) that were it not for the heat converged from equatorial to tem- perate and polar regions by this means, the thermal condition of the globe would be totally different from what it is at present ; and (2) that the effect of placing all the land along the Equator would be diametrically the opposite of that Sir Charles supposes." The mighty influence that has been at work through the ages must then have been an astronomical influence, and an explanation of the changes in the climate of the earth must be found in its relations to the centre of the system of which it is a member. Has it then been caused by a change in the obliquity of the ecliptic? Laplace long ago answered this question in the negative, and Mr. Croll now reaffirms that decision. Has it been caused by the variations in the position of the earth in relation to the sun, occasioned by the eccen- tricity of its orbit? Contrary to the opinion of Sir J. Herschell and others expressed nearly 40 years ago, Mr. Croll believes this to have been the cause of the real cause; that is to say, if the glacial epoch could not result directly from an increase of eccentricity, it might do so indirectly by bring- ing into activity other physical agents to produce this effect:— "With the eccentricity at its superior limit, and the winter occurring in the aphelion the earth would be 8,641,870 miles further from the sun during that season than at present. The reduction in the amount of heat received from the sun, owing to his increased distance, would lower the midwinter temperature to an enormous extent. . . . What now falls as rain during that season would then fall as snow. This is not all ; the winters would then not only be colder than now, but they would also be much longer. At present the winters are nearly eight days shorter than the summers ; but with the eccentricity at its superior limit, and the winter solstice in aphelion, the length of the winters would exceed that of the summers by no fewer than thirty-six days. The lowering of the temperature and the lengthening of the winter would both tend to the same effect, viz., to increase the amount of snow during the winter." Thus while ice and snow would be accumulated on the hemisphere whose winters occur in aphelion, or at the point in the earth's orbit furthest from the sun, just the opposite forces would be at work on the hemisphere whose winters occur in perihelion, or the point in the earth's orbit nearest the sun, the result of course being that with one half of the earth cooled while the other half was heated, agencies would be set in motion which would lead to a deviation iu the Gulf Stream and other great ocean currents ; and "the enormous extent, says Mr. Croll, to which the thermal condition of the globe is affected by ocean- currents seems to cast new light on the mystery of geological climate. What, e.g., would be the condition of Europe were the Gulf Stream stopped and the At- lantic thus deprived of one-fifth of the abso- lute amount of heat which it is now receiving above what it has in virtue of the tempe- rature of space? . . . And were the currents of the North Pacific also at the same time to be stopped, the northern hemisphere would assuredly be subjected to a state of general glaciation." Placing these physical inferences side by side with vast astronomical calculations, and carefully weighing results and probabilities, our author is of opinion that he has determined very approximately the dates of the beginning and end of each glacial epoch; and further that we no longer need speak with such vague indefiniteness of the length of time that has been required to bring the earth to its present geological condition, from the Laurentian period, or of the time that must elapse before it shall pass out of existence altogether, since he regards one hundred millions of years sufficient for the first, and can calculate the second either from the present rate of sub-aerial denuda- tion or by the limitation which may be fixed by the age of the sun's heat. "No doubt reason and analogy both favour the idea that the age of the material universe, like its magnitude, is immeasurable; we have no reason, however, to conclude that it is eternal any more than we have to infer that it is infinite. But when we com- pare the age of the material universe with its magnitude, we must not take the age of one of its members (say our globe) and compare it with the size of the universe. Neither must we compare the age of all the presently-existing systems of worlds with the magnitude of the universe; but we must compare the past history of the universe as it stretches out on all sides into limitless space. Such world, such individual, such atom, is evidently working out a final purpose, according to a plan pre- arranged and predetermined by the Divine mind from all eternity. And such world, like such individual, when it serves the end for which it was called into existence, disappears to make room for others. This is the grand conception of the universe which naturally impresses itself on every thoughtful mind that has not got into confusion about those things called in science the laws of nature. But the geologist does not pass from world to world as they stand related to each other in the order of succession in time as the astronomer passes from world to world as they stand related to each other in the order of co-existence in space. The researches of the geologist are not only confined to one world, but it is only a portion of the history of that one world that can come under his observation ? For anything that geology shows to the contrary, the time which may have elapsed from the solidifying of the earth's crust to the deposition of the Laurentian strata may have been as great as the time that has since intervened." The latter portion of this excellent book is made up of a statement of observations on the North of England ice sheet and speculations as to the particular direction of its motion. It also treats of "the physical cause of the submergence and emergence of the land during glacial epochs," and "the physical cause of the motion of glaciers." To the scientific student this book is absolutely necessary, and to the general reader it will convey some idea of the vast fields of de- batable ground that have been explored, and of the still vaster fields which lie waiting all untraversed. Many of Mr. Croll's conclu- sions will, of course, be questioned and pro- bably set aside, but the work he has so well done will be gratefully received. In Mr. Edmund Maurice's second volume of i: lives of Popular English Leaders in the Middle Ages— Tyler, Ball, and Oldcastle'— we have again a book giving far more than a biographical sketch of the three leaders above-named. It is a valuable contribution in every point of view to English history. Mr. Maurice has struck on an important vein of research in regard to the laDonring classes of England, and has cultivated it with the most praiseworthy diligence and accuracy, thereby rendering about as useful a service as can well be imagined towards increasing the general knowledge concerning not merely kings and princes, barons and soldiers, with the wars in which for the most part their lives were occupied, but especially in regard to the condition, sufferings, and protests of the great bulk of the toilmg population. While a serious and philosophic tone pervades his work, it is written in a style so clear, effective, and discriminating, that it reads almost like a tale. The three men on whose career, opinions, and fate our author has shed a great amount of new and interesting light, are especially typical men, a knowledge of whose work gives us an insight into a great deal more than merely that work itself, and it was thoroughly in the spirit of a true philosophic historian that Mr. Maurice con ceived the idea which he haa admirably worked out in this volume, by giving us a survey of the actual condition of the masses of the. English people in the fourteenth century preparatory to describing the insur rections to which that condition led. 'The insurrection of Tyler and Ball is an important landmark in history. Even considered merely as an episode in the general democratic move ment of the fourteenth century —as one of those splendid outbursts which in Flanders, Rome, France, and, above all, in Switzerland, mark the first struggles into life of new and only partly- organized classes of society — the insurrection of 1S3S holds no insignificant position. But we can only estimate its due importance if we consider it as colouring and being coloured by that religious move* ment which was so essentially English in its character, and through which England was most powerfully to affect the life of the con tinent. In order, therefore, to understand the real meaning of this insurrection it will be necessary to trace from the earliest times the condition of the classes who specially | took part in it, and to see what their relations were with the earlier religious movements of their country; in what respect the leaders of those movements had a claim to be considered as the champions of the poor ; what they did to repel those whom j they professed to protect ; what other roads j to freedom seemed to lead the serfs and the j poorer freemen away from their ecclesiastical patrons, or even into antagonism to them.' All this Mr. Maurice succeeds in doing very graphically, and in such a way as : manifests an amount of original research and - extreme accuracy rarely attained in such a work. We see how in England in the 12th ; century slavery went alongside a regular systematized slave trade ; how in the course ' of time a middle class grew up between the : absolute slave and master, the existence of ; which had not only a present but a perma- j nent beneficial influence. This semi-free class j between the thane and the thrall, occupied like the slaves in purely agricultural labour, ! prevented that opposition between widely- i separated classes, which intensified the evils of slavery both in ancient and modern times, i Add to this the fact that the monks were themselves engaged in manual labour both j agricultural and mechanical, and thus were ! drawn by class sympathy as well as by \ religious feelings to the cause of the serf, and j we see the various softening influences at j work which, while they could not hide the : horrore of slavery, yet tended to weaken , some of its bitterness and give hope of its i gradual abolition. The rise and progress of j towns, the results of the freedom which ! gradually came by residence therein, the j struggle between the monks aud the towns, and the failure of the former to -justify their position, and the revolutions which followed i in which Ball and Tyler were prominent J leaders, are all faithfully depicted. j 'Threads of Gossamer,' by the Rev. | John Trist, is a graceful title for one of the \ most pleasing little books we have read for a | long time past. While it is evidently a first j production, there is that in it which leads us j to anticipate something better when the . author's powers have reached maturity. It ! i3 full of instructive thought gracefully 1 expressed, and gives one the impression that j ita author is a genial as well aa a thoughtful man. It is made up of short essays on com mon things, intended chiefly for young people, by whom it ought to be read with profit and I pleasure. We give the following extract j from the first essay by way of j illustrating its mode of thought:—' These threads of gossamer are found in the body and in the mind of man. We, too, are built up of least atoms too small for us to measure, too slight for us to notice. The feathery snow, which as a mountain avalanche rolls down the mountain side with a noise like that of thunder, and bounding like a thing of life, is composed of star-like tissues light as eider down; and in man, where intellect and heart are found, things infinitely small are con cealed. The body has its small particles, a number of which in combination build up an j active and robust frame; whilst mind, heart, and conscience are composed of thoughts, affections, and small deeds of good. The youth at school that makes an earnest effort to master a difficult problem adds to bis mind a fine but firm thread to strengthen intellect for future use. The girl that lends an ear to the call for affection has intro duced a little vein of pureness and of bless ing into her future life; and in matters of right and wrong he who says 'No' when conscience bids him girds himself with a 'gossamer thread,' which is as an iron band for strength. The mountain, as it lies open, stands composed of rock and grit, but to the man of science it becomes reduced to invisible gas. In like manner man is not only a creature of large and active limbs, but of thoughts, words, and actions, so small indeed that few take any notice of them, it is not what we do now and than that goes to make up life, it is not the great and remarkable things, but the quiet and the simple, done day by day and all day long, that makes us men and fills U3 with com pleteness.' The Cables.— The Superintendent of Tele graphs informs us that the Singapore and Bat&via; cable ia not jet repaired. The telegrams of Friday were brought to Batavia by a steamer from Singapore. Mail Bteamers leave Batavia for Singapore on Septem ber 13, 19, 22, and 27. The repairing ship is on the ground, but on Saturday afternoon commu nication was still interrupted. The Istebcolosial Trade.— It is notified that the allotment of shares in the A-Maide Steam ship Company will take place on Friday, the 17th inst Thb Atjbora.— An Bern referring to this ship in the cablegram published on Saturday should have been given thus:—' On an official enquiry concerning the destruction by fire of the Aurora tbe captain, officers, and crew have been exone rated from blame. The St. Bryoedale has been wrecked in Algoa Bay.' Mabeje IksuBajics.— In the report of the proceedings of the National Marine Insurance Company's meeting Mr. Mather's name ought to hate appeared instead of Mr. Matthews'. White's Room.- A literary and musical entertainment will be held this evening in 'White's Room in aid of the North Adelaide Baptist Sunday School Library. Mr. G. Laugh ton will give his amusing lecture on Ventrilo quism. United Tradesmen's Society.— Aa extra ordinary meeting of this Association is to be held this evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, when important business will be transacted. Anhivebbaby Services. —The anniversary services in connection with St. Andrew's Church were held on Sunday, September 12. The Rev. J. L. Pareons preached in the morning, and the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., in the evening. The annual tea and public meetings will be held this evening, and at the latter a lecture on ' Scotland in the days of Queen Mary' will ba delivered by the Rev. P. Maclaren. Eablt Closing at North Adelaide.— We understand that an attempt is being made at North Adelaide amongst the shopkeepers to close earlier on Saturdays than at present, but that they complain of the greatest hindrance to the success of tbe scheme arising from the late shop ping of the wives of workmen principally belon ring to the eight-hour movement This surely ought to be easily got rid off. It is stated that in one trade an engagement has been made to close at 9 on Saturday?. The Late Mr. James Fellows.— According to arrangements made by the police at Port Adelaide, the witnesses, jurors, and other per sons concerned in the proposed inquest in re* ference to tbe late Mr. James Fellows' death at the Semaphore, assembled at the GlanvUle Hotel on Saturday, the 11th inst., but on the 8.M. (Mr. T. J. 8. O'Hallarau) seeing the doctor, and making a few enquiries, he decided that no formal investigation was accessary. AcciDEST.— On Sunday evening, September 12, Messrs. E. Douglas and J. Martin, members of the Company at presant performing at the Theatre Royal, were driving down North- terrace in a buggy, and when opposite Trinity Church Mr. Douglas, who had the reins, by some means or other ran the vehicle into the side-drain and capsized it. Both occupants were thrown out, and Mr. Douglas sustained a very serious frac ture of one of the bones of the leg. He was at once convejed to the Hospital, and tho injury attended to by Drs. Whittle and Gardiner. Mr. Martin only slightly sprained ona of his ancles. The Towee of Lo.vdon.— At the Town Hall on Saturday night, September 11, the Rev. Charles Clark delivered — for the third and last time in Adelaide — his popular and highly in teresting lecture on the Tower of London. There was a^ain a large audience, and the frequent rounds of applause, the hearty laughter, and the sympathetic expression evinced by almost all the auditory, showed with what success the rev. lecturer made use of materials gathered from the great storehouse of English history. Scenes ef intense sorrow, excitement, or humour, were woven by him into a grand two hours' oration, with the skill of a thorough student of human nature and the imagery and language of a poet. Fragments of history were strikingly illustrated and rendered much easier to remember, and thus real instruction was combined with un« qualified pleasure. Mr. Clark's elocutionary power was well displayed in dialogue, soliloquy, and address, and his interpretation of Clarenoe's Dream literally brought down the house. A similar honour was accorded to his recital of Tennyson's Ode on Wellington, one of the Con stables of tho Tower, whoso body was described as being born to sleep beside that of his great compatriot the hero of Trafalgar. This ode was delivered for the first time in Adelaide, and formed a very appropriate part of tho lecturer's peroration on ' Our Modern Liberties. ' This evening Mr. Clark will give his lecture on ' Charles Dickens,' in the illustration of whose life and works he achieved his first marked success as a public entertainer. Tho lecture will be interspersed with recitals of some of the most interesting scenes and passages from the works of England's most popular novelist, these recitals being all given without tho aid of a book, AmongEt those included in this evening's enter tainment will be the quarrel between Sairey Gamp and Betsy Prig, which Mr. Clark is said to give with dramatic effect. As his stay in Adelaides is so very limited it h fortunato that Mr. Clark has selected two such very different subjects a? the 'Tower of London' and ' Charles Dickens,' as they must afford abun dant evidence of the versatility of the lecturer's talent. QriCKSASDS.— For tho last two or three days deepening operations by a spoon barge and crew have been in progress in front of the new wharf, erected by Messrs. Hart and Simpson, on the Glanville side of the water, at the Port, On Sunday morning a large hole was found behind the sheet-pilifig sustaining the silt deposited there. Upon examination it was discovered that the place of the gilt lately removed by tho spoon barge had been taken by that gone from behind the sheet-piling, and it is consequently supposed that the piles have been driven into but not through a quicksand, which has allowed the eilt to pass out beneath them. Longer piles will have to be driven down, and the space again filled up. LiFE-gAVKO Dress. — A public trial of ' Goudie's Life-Saving Dress'— a description of which we published in Wednesday's Register— took place at the City Baths on Saturday afternoon, September 11. There were about 200 persons present, including the Mayor of Adelaide (Hon. J. Colton), City Councillors, M.P.'s, and well-known citizens. Mr. W. Shierlaw, of the firm of Messrs. G. 4 W. Shier law, to whom belongs the credit of introducing the novel apparatus into this colony, having read several extracts from the London Press regarding the satisfactory trials by Captain Beckwith and bis daughter with the coat, donned the garment, and the air-chamber provided at the back, BQoaldew, aud chest of the coat having been fully inflated Mr. Shierlaw entered the water, being aho fully clad in ordinary attire. The body was ^ kept thoroughly buoyant, so much so in fact that it wa3 impossible for the swimmer to dive under the water. The head w«s kept completely out of the water, surrounded as it were by an inflated ball. Mr. Shierlaw and subsequently two other gentlemen disported themselves in a variety of ways upon the aurface of th« water, and proved to the satisfaction of the spectators the success of the patent. Mr. T. Bastard, the lessee of the Baths, generously allowed their use for the exhibition. At the close a hoarty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Bastard, after which, upon bis invitation, a large number of youngsters indulged iu a swim. A second trial cf the ccat was also made at Port Adelaide the same afternoon. Mr. Hayter again put on the dress, and after diverting himself and the spec tators for a short time, swam across the river. The trial again proved that the ooat was capable not only of supporting a man but some extra weight as well. Those present seamed satisfied as to ita efficiency. Theatre Royal— 'Struck Oil' was givan for the 13th time on Saturday evening before an audience as large as ou any previous occanon. Although Mr. and Sirs. Williamson cams in for the largest share of applause, yet the other performers were equitably rewarded for their efforts to please. At the end of each act the curtain had to be raised to gratify the audience, and at the conclusion a floral shower fell on the company, one of the bouquets composing which Mr. Williamson picked up aad presented to tho Deacon. We would suggest to the management the propriety of excluding babie3 in arms. On Saturday, as on previous evenings, many of the points were completely misaed if not spoiled through some youngster squalling. To-ni^ht a dramatized version of Dickens's' beautiful tale ?Tee Old Curiosity Shop,' entitled ' Little Nail nnd the Marchioness,' will be presented for the first time in the colony. Kadina ajtd Post Wakefield Railway.— Mr. Paltridge's contract for the first ten miles of the Kadina and Port Wakefield Eailway is nearly completed, Bays the Wallaroo Times, and is expected to be thoroughly finished at the end of the present month* Thb Cbihihal Sbssions.— The third Criminal fitraious of the Supreme Court for the present year commence on Tuesday, September 11 Tbe calendar contains the following list of offences:— Concealing the birth ef a child, 1 ; rape, 1 ; attempted rape, 1 ; aggravated assault, 2 ; common assault, 1 ; lending explosive «ab stanoes with intent to do bodily harm, 1; perjury, 5 ; forgery, 7 ; fabw pretences, 1 ; embezzlement, 3 ; horee stealing, 1 ; larceny, 5 ; larceny from a dwelling, 2 ; larceny from the person, 1 ; larceny by a servant, 1. Taereare in all 34 cases. Licensed Victuallers Association.— The half-yearly meeting of this Association is advertised for this evening. . Patsht Safety Fuse. — ' The manufacture of tbifl important adjunct to mining,' writes the Peninsula Advertiser, 'has been commenced within the past week at Moonta Mines, where the cocEumption of fuse is very large. The machinery was ordered seme time back from England, and has only lately arrived. The first experimental trials when the machinery was set up was eminently successful, and its capacity has been proved to the extent that it is found possible to manfacture 5,000 feet per diem. Two very severe testa of the single-tape fuse were made in our presence on Saturday, with the xnoet perfectly satisfactory results iu each instance, showing that the continuity of the con ductor could not be destroyed under any ordinary circumstances.' An Unusual Australian Incident.— The following, from the Manaro Mercury, details a cataEtrophe which, reads very like romance :— ' William Butler, in employ of Mr. Druitt, near Cooma, was hunting for stock recently, and towards nightfall he was observed by Mr. Philip Kelly on horseback jogging along in the direc tion of his home. Shortly afterward?, however, Butler's horse returned riderless, and fears were entertained for the safety of the rider. It had been a bitterly cold day— on the bleak plains enow and sleet fell all night, rendering the country roucd alzncst indistinguishable by reason of its white mantle. Mr. H. Appleton and Master Druitt at once turned out, and searched the whole night for Butler, who was not found by the searchers until next morning. It seems Butler had been thrown from his horse, aud iu consequence of the mow lying about he could not tell where he was, and so he wandered round and round in a comparatively small circle till morning. Mr. Appleton says Butler looked fear fully bad when he and his companion met him, and it was a wonder how he stood it the whole livelong BDowy night.' The Trate or Rtvebina.— 'An important and rapidly increasing rirer trade,' says the Bay Berald, 'gives employment to a large number of steamers specially constructed for river navigation, including the vessels of the Hay Steam Navigation Company, William MoCuHoch and Co., Payne & Co., and others. About 20 steamers with their cargo and barges run regularly between Hay, Echuea, Naraudera, Wagga, Ealranald, and Adelaide, calling when occasion requires at many stations along the routes, taking away towards the seaboard immense quantities of eur staple product, wool, and bringing us in return the necessaries and luxuries of life, together with every requisite for tho development of the resources of the vast tract of valuable pastoral and mineral country of which Hay is the principal port. The wool clips from stations within a large radius are sent to Hay by bullock and horse teams for shipment. There are about 4,000,000 sheep in the Hay Dis trict, and in the season of 1874-5 as many as 33,000 bales of wool of the estimated value of £850,000, were shipped by the forwarding firms doing business here. Some ef the steamers ship cargoes valued at £30, 000— as much as many seagoing vessels of good tonnage carry at times. Wool to the value of £125,000 may be packed at one time in the receiving stores at the wharfs ready for shipment. Tallow, skins, and other station produce are also shipped in quantities.' [From Saturday's Evening Journal] Intercolonial Railways.— Our Melbourne telegraphic correspondent, whose message ou the subject is printed to-day, has evidently mis apprehended the purport of a conversation which Mr. Dave iport has held with tha Vic torian Commissioner of Railways, as a line from Adelaide to Eorder Town is certainly not being proceeded with at present. Tee Ocean Mails.— The Postmaster-General hfs favoured us with the following cablegram, which be has received from Galle: — 'Nubia left for King George's Sound 28th August, 11 a.m. Pera arrived 11 this morning, l&t; September.' Labrikins Beware !— We understand that, iu response to numerous complaints from respec table persons, who have been long annoyed by the disgraceful conduct of bauds of youths in the back parts of the city, Inspector Peters* wald has told off a number of constables in plain clothes to patrol the less frequented streets after dark. Police-canstable Hodges, whilst engaged in this duty on Friday Dight, the 10th instant, arrested one young fellow out of a number who were using exceedingly disgusting language in Grote-streot. As a warning to him acd others of like habits, Mr. Beddome fined the prisoner £2, the highest penalty, tolling him that if he came before the Police Court again for a similar offence he would be sent to gaol. Tee Bcchan Memorial.— It has been decided to erect at Mount Gambier a neat stone monu ment, with marble panels, mouldings, aud finial, about 15 feet high, from the design of Mr. J. Hanson, sculptor, Melbourne, on the grave of Mary Julia Bnchan. The cost of tho ereoliou will be about £70. Narbow Escape from Fire.— The E. S. and A. C. Bank premises at Mount Gambia/ had a narrow escape from hre on Sunday, the 5th inst The Border Watch reports the ooourrencethus: — ' It appears that some of the joists of an under ground apartment had been built into the chim ney just under the kitchen fireplace. The steady heat to which they had long been submitted told its tale on Sunday. Smoke was discovered oozing out from uudorneath the hearthstone, and a search led to the discovery that the joists were on fire, and within a short distance of communi cating with the flooring- boards. The fire was cosily got out, but had it been unseen for kalf an hour longer there u little doubt the building would have been in a blaze.' The Rev. F. Fullabd.— This Baptist minister, formerly resident iu the Qumeraoha District, but lately at Mount Gambier, iatends forthwith leaving for Geelong. The Blue Lake.— It has before been noted that the Gambier West District Council have lately made an excellent drive round the pictu resque Blue Lake; but upon on examination they have resolved to widen the road, and to still further secure, also clear the scrub on each side. The Wafck states that 'it was suggested that portions of the south bank should be let out to crop with potatoes with the view of preparing it for grasses. Monday afternoon, the 4th inst., was one of the loveliest we have had this soawn, and the Council expressed themselves enohanted with the magnificence aud variety of the scenery the new drive opens up. It is prsjposed to have a formal opening of the new drive when the additional width has been made, and we have no doubt local residents will turn out in force on the occasion. Should the weather prove propi tious it will prove a great treat.' Forgery. —Respecting tae arrest of Noble H&llewell.; of Narracoorte, on acharga of forgery committed at Hamilton, tbe local Spectator says: — 'Telegrams received at Hamilton intimate that ho will be forwarded to this place for exa mination. The accusation ag- un3t tbe prisoner is, that, after receiving a cheque for £l in pay ment for a saddle from the Manager of the Glen ronald Station, at Glen Thomson, the cheque was altered in amount to £44, and uttered at Eden hope.' Factories am- Workshops Commissioners.— Sir James Fergusson, Lord Frederick Cavendish, and Lord Balfour, members of the Royal Com mission on the Factories and Workshops Ragu lation Acts, have visited some of the brickfields on the Great Western line in the neighbourhood of West Drayton. They were accompanied by Mr. J. Henderson, Sub-Inspector of Factories for the district. Their object was to ascertain precisely the nature of the work imposed upon children and growing persons in this occupation. The Commissioners intonded shortly proceeding to the chief manufacturing towns of the north of England. The Adelaide Hospital.— A meeting of the Board of Man&gcment; of this institution was held on the 10th inst.: — Number of patients admitted, 112; discharged, 137; died, 9; now in Hospital, 148; out-patients pressribei for, 1,477. This return is for four weeks; NEW BOOKS. If any of our readers should fall in with- 'Govinda Sfimanta, by the Rev. L£l, Behto De',' and should feel inclined to pass^ the book by, on account of its unfamiliar title or the strangeness of its authors name, our advice is very emphatically that of P ancle to those about to marry, ' don't.' We* have no knowledge of Mr. De beyond that which bis name and prefix suggest, but after reading his book with great interest and pleasure we have come to the conclusion that although a native of Hindostan he is well informed^ familiar with 'EngHih ^iteraturer. and : manifeatB 4 ar|_thorough 