:\; ^MISSIONS; '; -;,;:?.. Tisi; Religious \ Revival among- ; Europeans in: India.— The .results of ; ;the .Eev. .'' Sholto Douglas's visit ?. to Madras ?: are of : great interest. .The. excellent Bishop Gellihas not only countenanced, but taken an i-active part in the good work. On January 29th, a very remarkable \- meeting was held in the Memorial. Hall, at which a large number of native gentlemen, many of them occupying high positions in native society, were present. A native gentleman present thus writes of that gathering.:— 'The meeting consisted of a large majority of [respectable, ana mgniy-eaucatea Hindus, l Know or no instance in. which a meeting so . interesting in its character was ever held on account of religious subjects.' . Mr. Douglas was greatly stirred at addressing, for the first time in his life, an assembly of some 500 intelligent English-speaking heathen, and spoke with unusual power. After saying that he could not proceed to speak to them without first praying to his God to help him, and asking them meanwhile to address their God, whoever he might be, he knelt before them all on .the platform for some moments in silent prayer, during which, time a pin .could have been heard to fall. It was very impressive. The subject of his address, which lasted quite an hour, and was listened ,to 'most attentively throughout, was the same ' old, old story,' which had been 'the theme of most of his previous addresses — man's fall and God's remedy, the broken law and the perfect sub stitute ; in fact, as he said himself, he had but one message to deliver to his own countrymen and to them. At the close of the address, which he ended as ho begun, in silent prayer, a number' of native gentlemen testified to the interest they felt in what they had heard, by remaining behind to speak to Mr. Douglas. So many, ; indeed, there were who were anxious to converse with him individually, that a day was fixed for any who wished to call on him privately — an invitation of which many availed themselves. .The Melanesian Mission. — On the Monday in Holy Week, Sir Arthur Gordon, the first British Governor of the Fiji Islands, with Lady Gordon and his suite, and also with many home friends . (among whom were Mr. Gladstone and Lord Selborne), assembled for \- a: service of farewell in the chapel of King's College, London. The Litany for Missions was used, for one part of the duty of- the new Governor will be to put down that Melanesian slave trade, through which the cause of the gospel is so* greatly hindered, and in revenge ~tor wnicn Jtsisuop ratceson was muraerea ; ana it is aiso.wen Known that Sir, Arthur has a strong interest in missions, and a- desire, so far as may, be, to promote them. . Holy Communion was then celebrated, the principal of the college (the Rev. Canon Barry) being the cele brant, assisted by the Hon. and Rev. Canon Douglas Gordon; and the Rev. B. K. W. Pearse, rector of Ascot Heath, who delivered a short address of farewell, touching, at once on the special1 occasion. of the service, and on the general topics of the solemn period of the ecclesiastical year. There were about fifty communicants, and the offertory (of £25) was devoted to the funds of the Melanesian Mission. The service was a very quiet and solemn one. 'We trust that it may be an augury of blessing on the important and benefi cent work which awaits the representative of English power and English Christianity in the new sphere, added to the many oppor tunities and responsibilities of our country. . Tinnevelly.— Efforts are being made to secure the appointment of a Bishop for Tinnevelly, which is at present included in the diocese of Madras ; and the Bishop of Calcutta, as Metropolitan, has expressed his strong desire to obtain Suffragan Bishops for Burmah, the North-west Provinces, and the Punjaub. Bishop Crowther's Charge. — The charge which the excellent and venerable Bishop Crowther delivered at Onitsha, on the banks of the Niger, October 13th, 1874, reviews a period of five years, and is the third charge since his appointment to the episcopate of the native church. We quote in full the Eight Eev. Prelate's concluding appeal, which, sounding from the banks of the Niger, may well find an echo among ourselves : — ' My dear brethren, we ourselves must be equipped for the fight ; we must, therefore, put on the whole armour of God, that we may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. First, unblemished character. ' In all things showing thyself a pattern of good works ; in doctrine showing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity, sound speech that cannot be condemned ; that he that is of the con trary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.' This emboldens Christian teachers to face the enemy. Secondly, in order to our attainment of uncorrupt doctrine, we must implore the teaching of God's Holy Spirit, for He was particularly promised to the disciples to this end. ' But the Comforter — which is the Holy Ghost — whom . . ... ..?. ?? i i . ?'.-.. ? ? ? ? -. ??.?.?? the Father will send in My name, He shall teach ?? you all things, arid bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I. have said unto you.' Yet this promise does not preclude personal application, arid nabit of reading or studying : in regard to this, we have the injunc tion of St. Paul to Timothy, ' Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, and to doctrine.' Neither did the apostle himself, with all his miraculous gifts and abundant revelations, slight the privilege of book-reading ; in his imprisonment he felt the want of such' ordinary source of information as well as the use of his cloak to shelter him from the cold, ' The cloak that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee) and the books, but especially the parch ments.' ' The Church Missionary Society as an Antidote to Scep ticism. — At the anniversary meeting of the Bath Auxiliary of the Church Missionary Society, the Bishop of Bath and Wells thus com mented on the scepticism of the day :— ' They could not open a review or a'magazine scarcely without seeing the most unblushing atheism, and it was a sign of the times— he confessed he did not think it was quite right-r-th at in the same vblumei, in the same review, they should seefoh one side the contribution of some: Christian writer, and on the other side the rankest infidelity. .(Applause.) So it was ; and it seemed .to him that they were living in very eventful times. One did riot know what the future would be, but it looked to him very much : as if the great enemy, the great Antichrist, was gathering together his forces to do battle against the Lord and His church ; they saw the powers of Antichrist displaying themselves in very greatly ? increased force and success. And, viewing this state of infidelity at the present day in some who were the most learned and enlightened men, as regarded the light of this world, it was impossible not to see that at least it might be possible (of course, one did not profess to be able to foretell anything) that, if it went on spreading during the next fifty years as it had been during the last five years, all that civilisation, all that learning, and all that intellectual light to which they^ had looked as likely to be the great auxiliary in preaching and spreading the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, might, on the contrary, be turned against them, and be a power in opposition to the spread of that gospel. But, whether that was so or not, they still came back to the point that the great work of evangelisation, the great work of bringing the outcast — whether of the Jews or of the heathen nations — to the cross of Christ, of bringing them into His fold, of bringing them into His Church to be saved, must be the work of what, for the want of a better term, ho would call the' 'inner church.' In must be the work not merely of the hangers-on of the Christian church, but of those who were the disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ in deed. They, of course, would make use of the great machinery that our civilisation put at their disposal ; of the wealth— where that wealth was in Christian hands ; of the facilities of transport across sea and across land ; and of all the other instrumentalities which our wealth, and power, and civilisation puts in their hands. But still, what he wanted to point out, what he wished to insist upon was, that the. work. .must be done by those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ in deed and in truth. And a blessed work it was ! 