SYDNEY LETTER. ; ' ».- V ' V':'; "," ' [noa A COMIESPONDENT.] ' .??<.', À CERTAIN amount of vitality wu infused in tho hoity - political on Thursday evening last, when an inquiry ¡ took place into certain allogatiousagainst tho character : of Mr Garrott, as tho galleries m tho Legislative j Assembly wore filled, nuil there was n good " roll-up " ; of members. The question arosu ont of n statamout mado on tho previous avoniug hy Mr Scholey, tho ' mombor for East Maitland, that ho had boon offered a bribe for his vote ou a proposal to compensate Mr Twaddol for injuries caused to his run by tho intru- i sion of gold diggers. Tho Houso was in Committco of j Supply at tho tiino, when Mr Scholoy roso and said, "That a poraon had told him that ho (Mr Scholoy) , could havo £20 for his vote on tho matter, and £25 i moro for Mr Bonnott 's voto, willoh could go towards 1 gottiug Mr Bennett out of gaol." There wcro loud cries of ," name, linnie," when Mr Scholoy said tho person was Mr Edward White, and that ho had been 1 lufnrinod by., another porson (a Mr Dransfiold) in Georgo-strcot, somo tiino ago, that tho Minister for . Lands (Mr Garrott) was to gut a fair share of the monoy, if tho -voto was passed. On tho night in question, those gentlemen wore examined nt tho bar of tho House, but ns thoy were vory csntious in thoir statements, nothing of moment wns elicited ; and os tho House lind not tho power to compel thom to speak out, after a debato distinguished by some acrimony, .tho order of tho day Tor tho hearing of thoso gontlemon . was discharged from tho paper. Moantuno, Mr Parkes has givon a notice of motion that a groat necessity exists for somo measure whereby tho House can conduct enquiries of this kind, and vindicate its privileges. A tow evonings before tho Houso amused itself Tor four hours on tho question of tho reporting thoir. speeches in tho daily papers, and one gentleman characterized tho reporters of tho loading journal, as " wilful and corrupt liars," whilo ' another was ready to " cat up " tho offending journal on the spot. Writing on thu matter tho HeraM says. " Wo havo ito particular desire to explain or defend our procedura with rospoct to our roports of tho do-, batos, being content to lot thom speak for themselves, but wo may say that our reporters aro strictly enjoined to bo as fair and accurate ns they can, and wo behove they do thoir duty quito as ably and faithfully as hon. momb.'rs do thoirs. It would ho absurd to report t'«r¿i(iíi'«» ; and it is, consequently, necessary to cut down somewhere. Our rule, thoroforo, is, to givo moro prominence to tho speeches of tho leaders of party than to tho rank and filo, to cut down verbiage and moro rant, und to givo tho sonsu and business of thu Parliament. Mistakes, of ooaree, will occur, and thoy aro to bo regrottod ; but thoy may bo leniently doalt with by thoso who aro not impeccable them- selves. Wo havo laboured hard to raine and to., koop up tile character of thu Press of this colony, but if wo aro to bo judged fairly, let us bo compared with the newspapers of communities of equal size. It is scarcoly reasonable to pit us against thu Times with its circulation of eighty thousand, its immense resour- ces, and its command nf tho available talent in tho largest city in thu world. As to Mr Buchanan, who has of lato mado himself a speciality in tho limiter if after ontrcuting tho roportors ns a particular favour not to roport him, thoy took him nt his word for a few days by way of experiment, ho has no great causo of complaint, oven though it may hnvo happened that during that tima he turned his talents into a usoful direction, and mado n speech which was wortli making and worth reporting." Seeing that wo havo ninny wordy mon in tho House, who would tako tho whola morning's paper to themselves, it cannot bo oxpooted that tho propriotor of any journal, who has to study tho tastes ola largo number of readers, could fill bis columns with Parliamentary intelligence alone, to tho exclusion of all other news, which is what soma honor- able gontlemon appear to expect mid require. In a debato in Queensland lately, on tho sumo subject, a leading mombor of tho House, said, " that mombcrs did not expect roportors to givo what they did say, ill their very words, but tho substance of what they intonded to say." No man can sorvo two masters, and tho poor roportors hnvo a very ililllcult task to idease somanv. Talking of roporting, not long ago tho following advortisomont upponroil in rm English paper : " Wanted a young man of intelligence, ns shorthand writer, on n'woekTy nowspai>or, at tho soasido. Ho should bo ablo to writo descriptivo sketches and other original matter. If desirous ot obtuiuing nu interest in the business his wishes in this respect may probably bo mot, if on oxporiouce ho is capnhlo. A lady possessing tho requisito capability, and with n serious wish to qualify herself for tho profession, may apply. Appli cantsaro desired to state ago, capabilities, antecedents, and other information required, and to cnelnsu curto do visito, if possible." .Thora you have a solution of tho dilllculty-cartos-do-visitos oxohangod, and all that sort of thing. Of course, tho applicant must bo good looking î and provided tho ¡doa was carried out of having "lady roportcrs in tho gallory," how pleasant it would bo for honourahlo mombors to bo reported by nico young ladies, .who taking notes of ovory word, embellish thom with n poetic fancy, which noue of your hard- hearted reporters ovor do. It is my candid opinion, that in reporting, mid in every- thing ciao in this lifo, wo hnvo for centuries been going in tho wrong direction ¡ and as Mark Twain says, " this working botwocn meals" is docidedly not tho thing, and is bad for tho health and temper,-tho sooner tho malo creatures givo it up, mid let tim ladic» take their place, tho better. Our proper sphoro is "homo, sweot homo," and with dressing-gown anil slippers, and smoking tho pipo of pence, wo can rock tho oradlo and indulge iii tho (Mee .far nienlo. Commenting on tho abovu advortisomont, n paper says :-"If tho Indies aro going to turn thoir attention to roporting under tho impression that it is n compara- tively oasy task, they will soon lind out their mistnku ami will learn hy experience that it is much moro dilliuult limn a muroly miporfleinl viow would lead thom to behove." Don't you bcliovo it, as nothing but swoot words would fall Uko pearls from thc lips of »ur public sjionkcrs, whilo all tho hnudaonio young men would ho fully reported, only tho married mou »nd uthur "old hilliers " hoing left out in tho cold. That horrid nightmnro, tho Gardiner question, lins again cropped up in tho daily papers, in cortaiu cor- respondence between his Lxcoftuney tho Governor anil Sir James Martin, but ns it is tho nhl story nf, "did you Bay or did you not say what I said you «aid !" I will not detail it, maru than to say that many of us hora devoutly wish that this ghost was Inld to rest for tlio ponco of onrsolvcs, and of political gentlemen in particular. Wo had a munster Orango demonstration in thu Ex- hibition building tho othor day, when nearly (¡(100 pooplo wcro present, and tho whole passed oil with great success, tho speeches bul UL' of a moro expansivo natura and breadth of thought than is usual un such occasions. Writing on tho subject, a dally Journal says i-'/ It was a stirring sijdit when a hymn' having been road, tho vast congregation rose into life, and lcd , by tho music nf tho organ the voices of the thousands .'j swollod and filled tho great spneo with tho sung of praise, tho organ-sounds streaming mid bubbling »ml dying liko muttered thundor." Tho next excitement promises to ho tho O'Connell C'outonnry Celebration tobo hold intho various eontius of population on tho 0th August nuxt. Wo hnvo an ? encrgotio coininitlco in Sydney, who havu issued a prospootus. Vnrious arrangements have bcon oom plcted, nnd tho centenary JII'OIUÍHOH tn hu general throughout tho colony. Having lind tho pleasure of hearing tho Orent Liberator many years since, I can cordially endorso tho action taken in tho matter, mid many of us, who aro not Irialunoii, wish tho natives of tho Oreen Islo ovovy success in their movement; moro ospocinlly as tho proceeds of tho entertainment will go tnwnrds founding n seliolnrsliip in St. John's College, Sydney, in cumuiomornlinu of tho event. lt may bo worthy of note Hint nt thu ennoert given for tho bonoflt of thu sulfuréis by tho lulu (Iiiods in franco, our Gorman fellow-colonists wcro tho first to como to tho nssistnuco nf thoso against whom, per- haps, many of thom had fought lu days gone hy ; mid it is pleasant tu (iud that whatever bitterness limy anhnnto rival nations in Knropo, in Australia tho sympathy of universal brotherhood prevails. I refer to tho Gorman Glee Club who aro. a host in thoiusulvcs in these musical ruumoiis. Wo have hud a mild edition of '* Moody mid Simkoy " in tho shapoof Mr I'hilip Phillipa, tho "Dinging pil- grim, " who ho» ul ti iictoil Inigo niulioncos during hin visit to Sydney. This gentleman is now on u tour through tho intorinr, and na his " aorvieu nf Hong" ls highly intorcatUig, it ia well worthy of ii viait. Tho frionda of Dr, Long will ho glad to learn that ho has rooovornd fruin thu ncolduut ho mut with tho .thor day. Wa all wiall him lungth of days, aa ho «an bo ill spared from our niidat. . To show tho carelessness in tho usu of mnuhiiiory in thia city, during last week thora wore no los« than tea cosos of Injury to tho fingers admitted tn thu In fcpsary, from tho usa of machinery, while In somo of .fi« book streets can bo acun "circular saws" running ak high speeds without any caro or protection, and «stu ? some parson is . sawn lu half, nothing «rill bo done in tho matter by tho authorities. I sin happy to bo able to say that there nra yat «Moo largo-hearted pcoplo loft in our midst i as at & . : tho"annual mooting of tho Sydney Night Refugo and Soup Kitchen, held on tho 18th instant, it was Btatod in tho report, that during the pout year over (i5,000 hungry . mouths hod ?? boon filled, mid over 23,000 weary bodicH havo boon provided with »heiter. Tho institution is supported from voluntary contributions, and during thu eight years tho society hos been in existence, it hos never been necessary to purchase ono singla pound of mont to supply tue needs of tho hungry throngs who daily assemble ut tho gates ; tho butchers of this city havo gratuitously sent in day by day tho requisito supply. Nor havo tho bakara been less liberal, for they hnvo kept up a novor-failing sup- ply of broad. Not only is it tim surplus stock that would spoil on thoir hands that is thus disposed of, but tho practice of somo of tito Sydney bakers is to make moro broad overy day than their customers aro likely to cuhsumu, and they do this for the express purpose of supplying thu needs of tho Soup Kitehon. Tho names of thoso whu oontributo in this wuy aro too numerous tu be published, nor do these generous tradesman.seem to wish for publicity ; but thoy aro satislicd with knowing that they aro helping on a good work mid earning tho blessings of those to whose wants they administer. The above facts require no comment, and it is.to bo hoped that tho Legislature will seo their way clear tu holp on tho good work, by granting thu "needful" towards tho erection of n otter building than tho one nt present used by thu promoters of tho Refuge. dur American cousins ure ever on thu alert to in trudiiuo something tu promote sociality, mid bring tho sexes togothor ¡ and thu latest iden out is "Spoiling lice»," mid at ono hold nt the Academy of Music, Philadelphia, in March last, 4000 persons woro pro sent, una hundreds wure unable tn obtain admittance ; and out of seventy-four competitors prizes woru awarded to four ladies and two gontlemon, all tho rest having been plucked. Tho ¡doa has boen already taken up hero, as sovend "Spoils" aro promised ¡ and if ii fuw muro American customs, in thu simpo of "Recs," wera introduced it would be os well. Toko for instance, their house building, folioing, corn husk- ing, quilting, sowing, und other "frolics, whoroby u largo amount of work is got through by co- operation j and after the " uproar is over" tho whole winds up with a dunce. How different it is in Australia, whuro many a settler would dio rather than ask his next door neighbour to loud him a holpiiig hand-and it is oveiy limn for himself. I draw tho lino nt what tho Canadians call "Yankeo grab," or tho borrowing of everything Icndable-rather a common practico in Amorica. Hut their neighbourly helping labour sys- tem, out in tho backwoods, where money and labour are scarce, beats all creation ; mid lias boen immor- talized by thu English poet who says "How doth tho littlo busy 'boo' Improvo each shining hour," &c.; In Committee of Supply tho other evening, tho i members of tho Logislativo Assembly awarded Mr Scott, of Brisbane Water, thu sum of £20 n month, for tho remainder uf his lifo, for his axortions in tho promotion of tho sugar industry in this colony for somo years past. Hotter late than never, and that ho may bo fong spared to enjoy his olium cum dig uilale is tho wish uf many persons besides thoso who have benefited by his labours. Sydney July 20th. 