My First Lesson in Smoking. " misserrima vidi El quorum pars maguafui!" THE iENEiD, BOOK II. " Thou hast set tne on the rack « O O O O 0 For nothing canst thou to damnation add Greater than that." IN Spring-street, many years ago, there lived nest door to aiy father two worthy people who had one son named Gideon— Gideon Brown. This Scriptural cognomen was, however, too high-soundiug for his companions, who abbreviated it into the more plebiun nickname of" Kidney." I hated Kidney Brown, for I envied him one manly accomplishment in which he was a thorough adept—tbe art of Bmoking. Oh! how oft 1 have looked iu longing wondering admiration at bim as be puffed dense clouds from his abort clay pipe! Yet Kidney Brown, with all his uianlineSB was mercenary, and I bribed him with a threepenny bit, sis marbles and a top, to teach me the noble science. He undertook to do it in one lesson, so, haying adjourned up a right-of-way, I began to smoke! The first mouthful caused my mouth to feel waterythe second mouthful 1 swallowed and, as the unbidden tears gushed from my eyes, I felt that there was something wrong inside! "Keep it up!" said Kiduey. " Hold on to it{ You're getting on first- rate." "Weak, trusting fool that 1 was, 1 believed him, and took a long pull and then a strong pull. Tbe sensation y/as exquisite. I felt as if a cat had got into my stomach, and was finding fault with his new reside ice. " One more draw," cried the boy.fiend, " and then yer'll be "master of the sitiration." ' Alas for misplaced confidence ! I found time" one more draw" made l]ieibat "master of the situation,"^for it seemed to me that he had invited two or three more cats and was now giving them a house-warming. With one remorseful shriek, I flung lhe pipe at Kidney and tracked for home, deter-, mined to'die ill the Louse, and, before giving up ti>e ghost, to refund to my lather oueand- ninepence of the two shillings that I had puiloined from hiin that morning. Ner- 'vpus, pale and trembling, I appeared hefqre bim and exclaimed— "'.Father, 1. hjive "--r-.. I could say no more, hut quickly placed my hand upon my mouth, and struck, as the crow flies, for the backyard. When 1 v returned in about a quarter of an iionr, I did not bring my pinner hack with me, Ifeltsoinewhatbetter though, and thought it just as well not to say anything.about tbe pilfered two thiiliiiga, .contenting myself with remarking that I had been smoking. I saw and marked the beaming look of paternal' pride upon his face, and it was too much for me. I stayed no! for my fatbor'g paise, but rushed j towards the door, he ic OIOBB attendance, Jum ai the threshold, lsat down on the toe of his boot, and like a football I soared into the street * * * # • ' * Years Lave passed since theD, and I am well-seasoned smoker now. Twelve months at Alick's College (at 5 guineas per quarter) made me a proficient, and if I learnt nothing else, during my year there, I learnt to smoke well. Whenever I am t-njoving the fragrant weed I cannot help thinking of my first smojeing leasou, and that imp Kid ney Brown, And in these cold winter nights, as I Bit by the fire, with my pipe my mouth, my wife at my side and my boy on my knee, J send up in the curling rings of Btnoke a heartfelt prayer in which my wife joins fervently. It is this—that Kid ney Brown may some day come to be hanged ! We are good Christians, and we pray that prayer with all .our combined re ligiouB mights. We have hoped that it will eventually be heard, although neither myself nor my dear Emily may have the agreeable pleasure of assisting at the interesting ceremony.— WKKCK OF A LARGE SHIP IN TORRES STRAITS. —Telegraphic advices from Queensland report the wreck of the clipper ship Isabella, of 734 tons register, Captain Smith, from Newcastle bound to Hongkong. The schooner Currambene which has arrived at Bowen, picked up at sea a boat's crew of ten men, who had abandoned the Isabella on a reef, and were making for the Queensland coast. Six men were left on No. ) Island; but they were entirely without provi sions. Seventeen Chinese remained on the wreck, in the hope of soon receiving succour. The Isabella had on board 860 tons coal, shipped by J. and A. Brown of Newcastle, The cargo is reported to be iusured in a Sydney office. The ship was owned by Teigh and Co., of London. —OTHELLO, ACT III. Melbourne Punch. 