A.GHOSTIN AN ANMERICAN GAOL. Itnsensack, in Bergen County, las'a sensation in the shape of a genuine ghost which haunts the county gaol and creates the utmost consternation and alarm among the prisoners and other inmates. .The spirit has been recognised as that of John *W. Avery, the young man who was .hanged in the gaol ont June 28,'1872. ftr: murder. A prisoner named Wallace, Who was confined in the gaol in October last, and'who wasn familiar with Avery,,eolonholy'ufirms that his spirit' appesred one. night, and was distinctly scon to walk around one of the tiers and pull tlhe bedclothing off a German prisoner who was.confinid iq the cell formerly occupied by Avery. The German, who is still a prisoher; confirms the story, and many persons who visited Avwry now remember .that he made a solenin promise before his death to re. visit the gaol after his nxecution:' i The phenomenon o.' curred about midnight on Sunday;. and there is. no doubt that the utmost.consternation and alarm pro. vailed among tlio prisoners. . s is' customary in alt well- regulated ghost stories, the clock had just ceased striking 12 when a soft, unnatural light filled the whole interior of the gaol and awakened. all 'the prisoners. Some of them .were terror-stricken and buried theio heads beneath the bed.clothing, while others 'seemed to be paralysed so that they could not move, and were thus compelled to be unwilling witnesses of the super. natural scenes and sounds that, tfollowed". : They solemnly aver that they heard one of tbh Windonws miied and felt the cold air rush in. 'Then the shadowy form ef a man plainly visible except the legs,.nemed to glide. betweeh the bars and up the istair'to, th topitieredf cells. Tilhe figure stopped in front of:the cell which had been occupied by Avery, and.opening the door, entered. The opening and closing of the doorwas 'dis tinctly heard. After the lapse a few minutes the figure reampeared, and its footfalls on the stops as it,descende... were distinctly heard. The figure passed round'all'the tiers of cells, and then floated down to the washtroom, and was heard to turn eon the water.' PFinall, the ghost returned to the window and disappeared as it had, entered, and the bluish light gradually faded away.-. Nro York Times. 