The Murrumbidgee Black. Hurrah, for the bush and a clear blue sky, And tho wind blowing soft and free, Whilst we ride ó er tho plains, my friend and I, Mid the pines and the green boree. Straight ahead rush a mob of wild horses at speed, They have seen TIS and off they fío I If we yard them, Jaok, we must ride indeed, . For they'll load us a danoo I know. There's that blaok entire I've chased before, If we get the old brute to-day, He'll be "Warregal King, I bet, no more - If I manage to have my way. I ran him last year and a piebald mare, < - Of bis harem tue pot and pride,. ' ? . ... ¡ ¡ ? From the Gum-tree Swamp to old Bio whards', where Ho managed to sayo hi8 hide. Did ho beat me ? Well, yes ! and you needn't scoff, For my horse was completely done But hallo ! What's up ? They are breaking off For the river, aa sure as a gun I Hold hard for a minute, let's tighten the girth, There's a thick heit of scrub to faoo ; Now, Jaok¿ old boy, what's your jookoysbip worth ? Will you stick to them tight, this chase ? '11 will to the death !" So again we aro on ' Our nags that are eager ns wo, And Jack on Defiance, and I on Tho Don, Are pounding away o'er the lea. The kangaroos start, as with speed unohookod We pass, in a tearing stride ; And the cattle run rings with their tails erect, Dismayed at our maddoning ride. On I ont We lost sight of the Warregal mob When they entered tho limbor and scrub, . But swimming that river's a toughish job ; . . Will they face it? Ah, there's the rub. Hero they are on the bank ! We are close behind, After fully a ten-mile spurt ; When The Doa puts his foot in a hole, and I find . Myself on the sward much hurt. ....... I strive to got up, but I fall again, Jack is going at speed ; I'm alone With a sickening sense of a dull doad pain, And I find I have broken a bone. I soe the hlaok horse, still leading the van, Take the high swollen stream with a dash ! In go the rest, and then in goos a man ! With a laugh, and a oheer, and a splash. Tho mob nil got safe to tho further sida But " Defiance " turned baok to this, With an empty saddle I " Good God P I cried, "What has happened, Jack? What'B amiss ?" But Jaok never answered ! A grating scream . From the Eaglehawk only I heard; . : I trembled, but managed to limp to the stream, I My forebodings inoroosed by the bird. ' I must hasten my tale. I cannot dwell On my feelings that terrible night; As I searched up and down, yet, truth to tell Still dreading tue coming of light. I ...!.?:?. Yet morning brought nothing. . Jaok came not baok To his sorrowing friend again, .. . . Whilst I, safe homo, with a limb on the raok, Lay two or three weeks in pain I . J You may think mo foolish, I haven't the knack I Of hiding my thoughts ; and I own, I That I dream each night we go af tor the black, Jack and I, till our steeds are blown. j And the thing ia Jaok's Baddie sits firm and square ' And keopB muttering under its breath Some words which seem through its teeth to tear, ! And sound like *'I WILL TO THK DEATH 1 " I loved my friend with the love of a friend- ? - Aye, as well as myself almost 5 And I rode with him to the bitter end, But Ilcan't keep it up with a ghost 1 Some talk about nightmaro ! some Bay I'm mad I And none will my feelings endorse; But Jack don't rest, andi KNOW he'll fool bad Until one of us catch that horse 1 I , . ' A. B. 0. GLASSPIPE. Moranda, January, ,1875 . A kind-heartod gentleman in Milwaukoe recently gave an indigent family three dollars, . and the same evening he met them, all returning from a circus on exhibition in the town, when the head of tho family had the impudence to ask him for money to buy some thing for breakfast. Augustus, onreadiner an account of the murder of a woman, declared that a man who would kill a woman must bea \ eritablo fiend.-" Why, Gus !" exclaimed his Bister, " I thought (you prided yourself on being a " lady-killer" ever sinoe your moustache took root." Augustus was silent. i An Englishman and a Welshman disputing in whoBe country WUB the best living, said the Welshman, " There is such noble housekeeping in Wales that I havo known above a dosen cooks employed at one wedding dinner." "Ay," answered the Englishman; "that was because evory man toasted his own cheese." I A little girl, who is accustomed to the plainest style of living, was taken by her mother to dine with a rich friend lately. On her returning to her humble homo, she called out to her sister in an ecstasy of triumph and delight, " Oh, Polly, wo had four dinners, all ono aftor another 1" Yaas, stranger," Baid a Missouri steam-boat oap tain, " George Washungtin was purty groat an'high, an' tho father uv his country, an' fust in peace an' war an' other thingB ; but he'd boen nowhar in raoin' any boat ho over owned with this yore scudder, tho Rivor Queen, on whose quiverin' deck you now stand." m " I hope, Mrs. Giles," said a lady who was canvas sing for a choir at a Yankoo villago church, " you will persuade your husband to join us ! I am told ho has a very sonorous voico."-" A sonorous voieo, marm?" said Mrs. Giles; "ah, you should have heard it com ing out of his nose when he's asleep 1" A lady was on tho dock of a ship when there was a slight mutiny, and tho ringleader was cut over tho head by the captain. On recovering from a long fit of sea- i sickness, and coming on deck, sho saw this very sailor at tho wheel, and, going up to him, asked, "How ÍB your head now?"-" West and by north, ma'am," was tho answer, 