Anything and Everything. Tuer matters appear to be looking up in the colonies. One can't get a paper now that doesn't try to make him a turfite whether he will or not. Every back- yard will have a I xTTJ. i l-4tiuid soon—t beherarthx.- judge'a boX> ' already. i put them on. Bat that ?—*** not signify ?=" Jong- as thuy "are. kept' in,' tintir placet Bat' Bad ! enough to have the pictures; of our horned in ' \- i?uxuatare in nor albums* and f nit length- oa ; o? the tabxey annl-sia our treasure in tho -ttabfe, bat let it slop there, f?r goodttes*' soke, -ifcpsa see—t, -dis posed It* yield" their ocst sea - , at all ever-fc?r favu-ritesv -Jiidgiexxg; front the taken fa?mtltts._aerii>ti>9' i tbe-passeri??ra by; the City of Adelaide, itre t"ae'membei?,or the Opera. Company; also ! Mr. Tnitalid several of Itis horses I" "Vrell if -there vras. plenty "of corn and wiac oa boarjl itiixightbeyeiy well, in the daytime; hut I feel very curious- to know whether the equine! passexigcratooVto theupper berths at night or not. That'* "where the mischief comes in. . ->~ - a I thought there wa* some good-iport at the "Courthouse the other tUty. I trtroired ia and found everyone laughing- so I laughed to >, of ! coarse. But when I came to. a full stopj-I waited to know what tbe laugh-waa abont, and nvr curiosity wa* mote than satisfied , when I heard the cause'of;-the fun. Of course I could not hear all that was going on —no one can in our Courthouse. X suppose some lawyer pat the builder n P to the trick of tasking It impossible to carry sound through the building, w> as the legal gent could uiak? what he liked of evidence that nobody heatd. Hovrever, X hashfnllir toot a' ieat as near the front,as X could go while the wide-awake Sergeant's eyet* were on me—J don't kuovr what-for —and. putting botlx hands, up to my ears Icaugo-va little qf what must have been a good dialogue. Some un fortuuatc seemed to' have been caught in a hole —in a tin mine, I Txreqii—and having got nothing but a very painful experience by the accident, didn't like to pull out a 5520 note, but he h.-nt to, and the pestiferous lawyer asked him iE lie knew what scrip meant I I, won't be- sure what his answer was;. I could only see his facts—but such aleugth was that Same countenance that JC was glad there was no hearing that answer.. Bnt I did catch 0 wrinkle that wrinkled all our faces just then, for that ingenuous lawyer—but of course all lawjrera are ingeuuou^—gave u& the bene fit of his experience iu mining by candidly admitting that he had enongh scrip to paper the wall of it house. That was too much for inc. It took both my hands to keep the laugh in for the short timejmylegs took to get out of the Court, aud then I let go. Ever since I heard that lawyer tcR how' he was hod, I have lost the control ot my risibilities and my medical adviser liaH given me n long prescription—in Latin, of course, to puzzle me. but I .know it commences with '- Nunc diiuittis.'* ' Aliout that.concert, said Deui-f. Wiia; contaminated ;sett! I went up with Pat and Alike, aud wc had just had a little drop at the Caledonia, but only just enough to keep Old Erin green iu the top of the' memory when we went to the great concert that was to keep ns iu mind of the blessed Saint Patrick But sorry a bit, of fun did we get the whole evening. It was true our own Miss O'Carrol 1 carolled and played as o;dy herself can do. and another young lndy gave us Kathleen "M.ivouriieeii in excellent style, but wc didn't get the ghost of a chance tn kick up. "on heels as we wished, aud who ever spiut St. Patrick's night with their toes dangling Le fore them. We knew vary well that littl Q boys and little girls could ape the mischief of their older friends, and indeed I thought if I Were a loi-s of sixteen I wouldn't show any one how .1 could Mrs. Caudle a man, for bedad it's not that a mau wants when he's " . looking nut for alas*. And 1 thought it was . really :i rdiamc to give us only a'srpienk of a ; song that was Irish at, all. The only fellow I I liked was the chap that knocked his legs about the whole time he was -singing his piece. Bcgorr.il but I could have helped him, now. But there, I didn't mean to breathe an ugly word about, the gentlemen. and Indies, as X always say; that did perform but why couldn't the poor soul of an Irish. \- muu like myself get a little bit of indul gence i—kt once in a way., Why if the gen tlemen of. the committee had only jiven is .in enticement in the shape of a reel we'd have cstne up in a crowd that would have tilled both sides of the house—tliat 's the iu side aud outride 1 mean. Yonr.Kwclls might have turned up their noses: but as it Was they didn't Turn down their cash, and it would have licen better to have a nonifnt of rollicking boys Eke myself o'.i Si. Patrick's night thau a roomful of beggarly so it would. 