9 TRICKS AT NIGHT. 9 " Turn off the gas at the main, Ruth." 9 We were standing in the drawing- 9 room, bed candles in hand, as Mr. Dnnn 3 advanced to the top of the stairs and 9 called this order out, after tinging the 1 bell. He waited there until the answer came up again. I " Jenkins has turned it off sir." I Mr. Dunn stepped back into Hie I room, and watched the chandelier. The I fonr lights became dim, and then went I gradually out, one after the other. I Upon that, Mr. Dnnn turned the little tap of each safely off touched the foot of the chandelier, and sent it up as high as it wonld go towards the lofty ceiling. " I never go to bed without knowing that the gas is secure," he observed to me and my husband, in explanation. At half-past ten exactly it is put out at the main. We are ten minutes later to-night on account of your being here." "And the hall lamp J — and the other lights iD the house ?" I asked, very much interested on the subject of the gas. "The hall lamp is always put out before 1 call, also the burners in Mr. Mowbray's room. Our servants have been with us so long that they are as methodical as we are; everything goes oa like clock-work." "We have been particular about the gas since an accident that happened next door," said Mrs. Dnnn. " A poor little child was so much burnt that it 1 died." J " How was that ?" "It slept with the governess. A servant had lighted the gas in the room when the child went to bed, and left it burning, which was an unusual thing to do iD the house — in fact, against roles ; bat the winter's night was cold and the room was cold, and she did it for the child's comfort When the governess went to bed, the gas had been turned off at the main, consequently the room was in flarl-npgg, and she knew nothing of its having been turned on " "And the maid forgot it; careless hussy T' inteijaculated Mr. Dnnn. "Close upon this, the servants, for some purpose of their own, surrepti tiously turned the gas on again at the main, and neglected to torn it off again. Towards morning the governess awoke, tbree parts stifled with the smell in the chamber. She lighted a candle to see what it meant, and the escaped gas in the room caught fire. The window was I blown oat, the bed -curtains took fire, I and she and the child were badly burnt. I The little one died." I " I should not turn the gas off at the I main at all," said my husband. I " Wouldn't yon, though !" cried Mr. I Dnnn. " You'd have your servants I burning it all night in their rooms for I the sake of the warmth ; and a pretty ' expense that would be ! Unwholesome, too. I don't like gas laid on in bed- | chambers, for my part. It is only on in | one in this house ; and that's where you I and Mrs. Wyatt are going to sleep. I Some invalid bad occupied that room, I I believe, daring Hie former tenancy. We I have never lighted it up." I " Just a moment; Mr. Dnnn, please," said I, as they were moving to the door. "What do you mean by taming it off at the main ?" Mr. Dunn stored at me through his SDectanlen. amazed at mv imorance. "Why, don't you know!" he ex claimed. " When you turn the gas off at the main, it cats it off from all the pipes in the bnm» You could not light any of the burners ; there's no gas in the pipes, yon understand, to light. You saw it die out in these burners | when I called, out to Hie servants. It | was because Jenkins had turned it off at the main." " We will take yon on a tour to the lower regions to-morrow, Mrs. Wyatt, and yon shall see the apparatus," laughed Catherine Massingfaam, Mrs. Dunn's sister. " It is in the coal- cellar." It was all very well to laugh at me — as I told Robert upstairs. Bnt if they had Jived for years an(i years out of Hie civilized world as we had, they might have bean as ignorant as L A stupid little continental seaside place, about a hundred years behind Hie time, where no gas was ever seen, save in the streets and the large hotel, and perbapB in the long-room of Hie custom house. Business had obliged Mr. Wyatt to visit England, and he brought me with Mm, leaving the children at home. It was arranged that we should take up quarters for the time with our intimate and life-long friends, the Dunns. They lived in a quiet street amid other lawyers, in the heart of London. The house was of a very good size; rooms were large and lofty, but to my mind dingy. The entrance floor was taken up with offices : the kitchens were below ; Hie first floor contained the drawing and dining-rooms, and above were the bed-chambers. . , . . Our room was commodious -and com-, fortable. The fast thing I did when we got upstairs was J» ftw th« 8®" pipes. There they were, one on each ade of Hie large window—two long iron pipes, with a joint in the middle, bnt no glass burners at the end. They could be pulled out straight to light up the dressing-table, or turned at right angles, or left doubled np flat against the wall " I'm glad of one thing, Robert — that we have no gas to explode at home. I Bhould live in dread all the while we are away of a letter arriving to say Hie house and children- were blown np." " Nonsense, Nelly !" " I'm sure I should. As Mr. Dunn says, I'd never have gas hid on in a I bed-chamber." He was tagging at the strap of bis portmanteau, and made no reply. I had my fascinated gaze on the pipes. " Robert !" Well?" " I wish yon'd just see whether these things will not light — as they say. I don't half like sleeping with them in the room." " You are as ally as your baby Nelly that you've left at home." Yes, I know I am. Do tiy, Robert." Lifting himself np from the trunk, he came, half cross, half laughing. Turning the litHe tap, he lighted a match and tried. No, there was no gas there to burn. "Yon see, don't yon, you stupid child !" "Bnt I suppose, Robert, there's no surety that the servants will not torn on the gas again if they want to ? — as was the case with those servants in the next house." " I suppose not." said he. eanablv. " Are yon sure you've turned it back all right, Robert ?" "No, I've left it all wrong — that we may be blown up, yon know, if the gas gets the chance to do it" ' Where's the use of jesting V' " I'd advise you to undress, Nelly, unless you wish to sit up all night You must be tired, I should think; after the delights of that precious boat I know I am." I am particularly afraid of fire. And so would yon be, perhaps, had you shaken hands with a friend in .the morning, and- had news that he was, burnt to death at night Bnt; before that, even when a child, - 1 was- always afraid of it Whether it was that con stitutional timidity manifesting itselfl or the excitement of being in old England once again, and with these long-parted- from Mends, or their Btrong tea taken late, or the etrange bed, certain it was that I could not get to sleep. There was none of it in my eyes. I lay wide awake, and got at last into a regular state of nervousness. Many a one knows what it is. Was that gas safe 1 Had the servants relighted it ? Had Robert in his care less jesting been sure he turned the tap ? Did I not smell it ? Fatting my head np and sniffing fifty times, patting it down and sniffing fifty more, I came to the conclusion that I did not. Wonld it not be as well to see that all was safe ? Of course this idea, once admitted, had to be acted upon. As 1 say, you pro bably know quite well what it is. Gliding out of bed, so as not to dis turb Robert; I got to the dressing-table and felt abont for the match-box. After overturning a pink toilette bottle, and pricking my band with a sticking-up pin, I found it. Striking a light, I pulled the pipe forwards, turned the tap, and — Good heavens ! before the match had well touched it, a flame shot np amidst a frightful hissing and fizzing. To say that I was startled would not be saying enough : I was frightened as I bad hardly ever been frightened in my life before. Though foolish enough to try it; I had no more expected the gas wonld light, than I expected I should. ' Robert !" I cried, making one bound to the bed. " Robert 1" Robert, the lightest sleeper in the world in general, only gave a grant; and turned. "Robert, Robert !" I cried in an agony. " Wake up. The gas is alight." " What in the world's the matter with yon, Nelly ? Don't bother." " Look at it flaring ! We shall both be burnt.! Look at it !" " Can't you let a fellow lie still ?" "The gas! Robert, it's my fault. Ob, get up ! Look at the gas !" "Well," said he, in his lazy, way, as he took a good long look, " it won't hurt. Makes the room light and jolly." He got ont of bed though, and turned it partially down, so . that it no longer fizzed and hissed. I told him how it all was, and he called me the greatest goose that ever went on legs. Then he sat down with a prolonged laugh. Which I re sented. " I am laughing at Dnnn," he said. " He thinks he has got such trustworthy servants. I daresay they have a game at high jinks every night" " But, Robert, is there danger?" « Danger ! No. See, I turn it off per- foMJu safe he cried netting up to the pipe again. "You may go to sleep in peace. Half the London people keep the gas alight all night in their houses. And don't you be such a little simpleton ?gin, Nelly. Getting into mischief like a restless ghost, and then arous ing a tired fellow from his sleep to undo it" I can't say but I felt a little vexed at myself : though I was by no means easy about the gas. If this was a nightly occurrence, we might some night find ourselves blown np. But I got to sleep at last " It will not be a pleasant task to un deceive the Dunns abont their servant, I remarked to Robert in Hie morning while he was shaving. He turned round, the lather on his h'n "Say nothing ! It will uot do, Nelly. Never interfere between friends and their servants, wherever yon may be." "But the danger, Robert! If-—' " For goodness sake, don't be childish," returned he, in quite an angry tone. "I tell you there's no danger whatever ; and your own common sense might show yon there's none. Yon are not going to walk in your sleep, I suppose, and turn these taps on." At breakfast nothing was said of our not having slept perfectly well all night. Mr. Dnnn did not take the meal with ns, but came in to say " Good morning." At his busy seasons — and this was. one —be was np and at work before seven, and bad Ms breakfast earned in for him on a bay. ' His partner had been in ill fiwJA a long while; and- could not porno to business, so that Mr, Dunn had it all on Ms shoulders. Robert went ont directly ; and. Mrs. . Dunn and her sister took me down stairs to see the house, as promised. The offices on the ground floor were two good rooms, Mr. Dunn's particular room being the back one. At the end of the pas sage, before descending, was a third room. It appeared to have in it, amongst other things, a sofa-bed, a large table on which stood a desk, an easy-chair, and a red carpet. " That is Mr. Mowbray's room," said Catherine Massingham, pushing the door wider open as we passed it. " His sitting-room and bed-room com bined." " Who is Mr. Mowbray ? His name was mentioned last evening." " He is the confidential clerk. You will see Mm on Sunday, when he always dines with us. On other days his meals are served in this room." The servants kept were two : Jenkins the cook, Ruth the honsemaid ; the office boy cleaning knives and boots. Both were respectable looking, capable women of some thirty years : quite too old to play, as Robert phrased it, at high jinks in the stealthy night, and let on the gas when they were supposed to be in bed. The maids' bed-room, large and conveni ent, was up a passage level with the kitchen. I had no idea they did not sleep np-stairs : and of course saw the facility they had for playing tricks with the gas. There was again some laughing about my ignorance of gas mysteries, and Jen kins was called to show me the working of what she called the key — a great twisted iron handle which she put on and off at will, when the " main" had to be turned or unturned. Had it been to save my life, and in spite of Robert's injunction, I could not help putting in a home question as we stood there in the coal cellar, with gathered-up skirts, Jen kins twirling the key about, Ruth hold ing the lighted caudle. " Do you never turn the gas on again at night after it has been turned off f ' "Never," affirmed Jenkins, staring boldly into my face while she said it. " Why should L ma'am ?" I could not say why — to her. Ruth, a particularly neat person, with bine eyes, and a colour, pnt in her word : " It's master's rales to have all gas lights out at half-past ten. We should not think, ma'am' of going again 'em." The great story-tellers 1 " Do you like your servants to sleep down there ?" I asked of Mrs. Dunn, when we were up-stairs again. " Yes. Why not ?" " It seems to me they must have so great an opportunity for doing as they please ; for deceiving yon. How are you to know that they don't sit up half the night ?" " We can trust our servants thoroughly, Mis. Wyatt They have been with us some years." " Still — there's the opportunity." " Oh, of course. Some servants wonld no doubt misuse it. There are numbers of bad servants in London, quite un trustworthy ; but ours are different" x naa pictured Air. mownrzj as an elderly man — though I hardly know why. When he came np to dinner on Sunday (on that day dinner was taken early, after church) I found him a young one. He conld not have been more than eight-and- twenty ; was plain in the face, with a quantity of stiff black hair ; and very shy and silent. "Mowbray's manners are notMng," whispered Mrs. Dnnn to me. " Bnt for work he's worth his weight in gold." On the Monday night Robert had to see a gentleman at the Tavistock Hotel. It was past eleven when he came in. The gas, kept alight a little longer than usual, waiting for him, was pnt out at about a quarter to eleven, and two wax candles, taken from the mantel- piece, were lighted. To while away the time, Catherine Massingham said she wonld tell my fortune. " Don't let it be about fire," said I impulsively. Why, what do you mean ? " she asked. I turned it off with a laogh. No sooner had she got the cards than Robert came in. The night was very warm for the time of year, April. One of the windows was open, and Robert stretched himself out of it while we finished. It was a poor fortune after all, and did not take many minutes in the telling. " What does Mr. Mowbray do with his evenings ? " I asked of Catherine, the thought suddenly occurring to me as she was patting up the cards. " Hespends them out always, unless there's work to do : which is . very rarely the case. Some club, I believe, he goes to : Mr. Dnnn knows. He comes in at ten as regularly as the clock . strikes." " High jinks below to- night, Nelly," cried Robert, as he stood winding up his watch in our room. " How do you know ? " "Well, whoa- 1 ..got home here my cigar was only half smokeh oui;to— i- walked about a bit, before the nouses, although I was behind time. Rather fantastical, by the way, of Dunn, to go to bed always so punctually early. While I was walking, I saw two gentle men go down the area steps, and get admittance. "No! Gentlemen?" " Gentlemen in grimy clothes. They looked something like railway stokers." " Why, Robert, the gas was out then ! " « Of course it was. I could see that." " Who were they, I wonder ? " " Visitors to Ruth and Jenkins." "What a shame!". < I wish this room faced the street ! Fd watch at what hour my gentlemen take tbeir departure." " Is what you were looking from the window at, Robert ? " " Yes." " And you say we "ought not to tell ; Mr.- and Mrs. Dunn ?" Not a bit of it Let people find out the good and ill in their servants for themselves, Nelly." As he spoke he pulled forward the gas-pipe; turned the screw, and applied the match. But without result " No gas to-night; at any rate, Nelly." . I had some work to do — clean cuffs and a collar to tack in my morning gowu, if anybody's curious on the point — and was not ready for -bed till past twelve. - Something . prompted me to -try Hie gas again for the last thing. It blazed up at the touch of the match. ' Robert ! Do yon see? " " I gee," murmured sleepy Robert from Hie pillow, just opening his eyes. " High jinks." But for me, I lay awake half the night, uneasily thinking. I did not like it, and that was the truth. The matter seemed to lay hold on me. As the nights of the week went on, a nervous sort of fascination, if you can call it so, compelled me to try those gas lights often, sometimes one, sometimes the other, sometimes both. And I found that they never could be lighted before twelve o'clock, or after two in the morning. So that the servants' revelry continued over those two hoars. Robert groaned and scolded, and vowed I should worry myself into fiddlestrings : but he would not hear of anything being said to Mr. and Mrs. Dunn. On the Saturday, news reached us np stairs that the cook was ill She had caught a bad cold on her chest, and conld hardly, Ruth said, do her work. I recommended some herb tisane that the French take for this; and went down to show them how to make it. 'Jenkins sat by Hie kitchen fire, an old red anti-macassar on her shoulders, and a piece of flannel round her throat. She got up and apologised, but I told her to sit s till. "This cold has been hanging on me all the week," she said. " Last Monday evening, while I was hot with my cooking, I had to run round the Btreet for some ale for the up stairs dinner : our barrel had turned thick. I caught it then." I looked round at her from the table, where I stood. Monday was the night that Robert had seen the men steal in. " Caught it on Mouday night, did yon, Jenkins !" "HI didn't, ma'am, I don't know when else I did." Monday night," said I deliberately — and what impulse it was prompted me to speak, I did not stay to ask. " I re member that night, Jenkins, for quite a carious thing happened to me. You — you turned the gas off at the main as usual that night; did you not ?" " In coarse I turned it off" replied Jenkins, after a stare and a pause. " Yes, for I watched it die away ont of the drawing-room burners, after Mr. Dunn called ont to you. Well, happen ing to want a light up-stairs in my room that night, I lighted one of the burners there, and — and it did light" Ruth, standing by me to watch my fingers, busy with the herbs, stole a qniet glance at Jenkins, and Jenkins stole one back at her. I saw all, never seeming to lift my -eyes from the green leaves. " What a odd thing !" cried Jenkins. " I thought them lights in the spare room was never lighted at alL" " That has nothing to do with it. The straDge part is that they should light when there was no gas iu the pipes. There could not have been, you know, being turned off at the main." " I should think, ma'am, you must have been a dreaming !" The impudence of the woman to say that! It was upon the tip of my tongue i o ren ner more, uui j. ueiu ii« — iu time. " I was not dreaming, I assure you, Jenkins" < And what time might it have been, ma'am V' asked Ruth. " Time ? After twelve." " Then I'll vow and declare as there wasn't no gas turned on here at that hour ! cried she as strenuously as her weak chest allowed her to speak. " Gas on here at midnight ! What next ?" " Oh, well, Jenkins," I said, afraid of making a storm, and goodness knew what consequences besides, " perhaps I was mistaken." " And I'm sure you were, ma'am," re turned Jenkins, bluntly. But it did not escape me that Ruth looked just as uneasy as it was possible for a girl to look. And I nearly spoke my thoughts aloud. "The arch-deceivers !" That night I told Robert that we ought to make it known ; that it was a simple duty to do it ; but I might just as well have spokeu to a post. " Look here, Nelly. Dunn has enough to worry him just now without being bothered with petty annoyances." " What has he to worry him, Robert ?" " I don't know," was my husband's answer. " It's something. I happened to tell Dnnn he was not looking well, and he then said that he was nearly done up with some private worry that he could not speak of." Rather strange to say, on the following day, Sunday, we were destined to hear what this worry was. After supper, we gathered round the large fire — for it was very cold again, quite like winter — and Roth was told to bring up some hot water and pnt the wine and spirits on the table. Miss Massingham was away for a day or two ; but Mr. Mowbray sat with ns. I and my husband had been to the Temple in the morning ; and the «onirwiH<iB.iell uoon the sermon we naa aeara lucic, pieavucu uj mi® mw ter. Its subject had been the troubles of life, and the consolation to be found when suffering from them. " Well, I don't know what consola tion I could find, or where to look for if;" cried Dunn, breaking a pause. " And I am sure my troubles just now are heavy enough." " I suppose yours are business trou bles?" remarked my husband. "One cannot apply religion always to them." "Yes, they are. business troubles, Wyatt;" he answered, speaking with sharp emphasis. " And if I can't come to the bottom of them, they'll go pretty- far towards tormenting me into my grave." . One word brought ont another. I do not think he had the least intention of idling ns what his troubles were ; but be got led on by the excitement of inter course. . It often happens so. Most lawyers have, I suppose, a kind of speciality : one firm applying itself to one particular branch of business, one to another ; and so on. Mr. Dnnn's was famed for what he called delicate cases : meaning, as I understood it, cases that required delicate handling and strict secrecy. At the present time he had one such in Ms hands of vast impor tance : and his trouble was caused by a system of constant baffling from the ' other side. Every move he made was checked before, so to say, it could well be . made ; every bit of information he, by dint of mnch care and labour, ob tained, was no sooner in his possession . than it became known to the opposition lawyers, Tinker and TeaL After striving to fathom this inexplicable annoyance for some time, and to party it in the best way he -conld, Mr. Dnnn, wearied ont, mortified, dejected, had come to the in evitable conclusion that he was being betrayed ; though how it conld be .dODe, or from what quarter, he was at a loss to conceive. " The tiling seems clear enough," spoke Robert too hastily, after listening." The parties from whom you get your in formation must hand it equally to the other tide." " No," said Mr. Dunn. " some of the things that have become known to them are confined to myself absolutely. Not a soul else in the world has had the slightest cognizance of them. The veiy thoughts of my mind — and I know I am not exaggerating in saying it — have been handed over to Tinker and TeaL Regular tinkers they are between ourselves : would stoop to any dirty work. Lots of money, though ; can bribe away right and left, and do do it " Why, how can tbey get at yonr thoughts?" cried Robert "That's the question, Wyatt. My absolutely unbreathed thoughts of course they cannot get at ; but they do get them as soon as they were embodied on paper. It is taking rather too much ont ol me, just now, in the shape of peace." "I'm sure, the way he tosses and turns about in bed at night, and gets np before it's well morning light, because he can't lie, is enongh to throw Mm into a fever," grumbled Mrs. Dnnn, snatching np her gown from the fury of Hie fire, and patting down over it her watered silk apron. " I net ud because I have work to do. Margaret," said Mr. Dunn. " And if you don't mind it will endiu a fever," she concluded. " Things have never been like this all the years we've been married." " Because affairs have never been like this. Look here, I'll tell you the last move in the drama," continued he ; and it is puzzling my very wits ont of me. On Monday last I drew out a paper, em bodying certain information that I had received, elaborating my opinion on it; and the course I thought we onght to pursue. That paper lay locked in my desk, nnlooked at, untouched, until Wednesday morning; when our client; for whom we are acting, called. She is a lady, I may as well say. I went over the paper with her, pointed out this, ex plained that ; for two hours, I should think, she was in my office ; and when she was about to depart, I, before her eyes, burnt the paper. It was too valu able to retain. Well, will yon believe that yesterday afternoon I became sure, from certain movements of Tinker and Teal, that they have iu some way ob tained knowledge of the contents of that paper ?" We sat in silence, at a loss for an answer. Mr. Mowbray, who had his ; chin on his head, and Ms wondering eyes fixed on his master, spoke. " The thing seems impossible, sir ? How do yon account for it ?" "I can't account for it," cried Mr. Dnnn. " What I say, Mowbray, is, tne tiling is totally unaccountable. " It seems to be one of two things, sir : either the paper yon drew ont must have been seen, or else the information it con tained was supplied to Tinker's people as well as to you." "To me it seems to be one of two other things," was the retort. " Either my client herself has betrayed counsel, or I must have talked in my sleep." . " Good gracious ! and what if yon did talk in yonr sleep V ' cried Mrs. Dnnn, taking the words seriously. " There'd be nobody to hear you but me ; and I should be asleep too." " Just so," said he. " And there's no more likelihood that my client would talk : she has too much at stake. Honestly speaking, I see no practicability of the contents of my parchments and the contents of my mind getting into Tinker and Teal's office : and yet they do get there." " Do I understand you that the con tents of your parchments get to them ?" asked Robert. « It is the contents of the parchments that do get to them, Wyatt. The case involves fresh memoranda, if not fresh deeds, almost daily ; and Tinker and Teal get to kuow their substance as quickly as I do myself — or next door to it" Who draws ont the deeds and the memoranda ?" " I do ; always. I don't even trnst Mowbray here with them. The nature of the case is most onerous ; almost in volving life or death." " And what becomes of the deeds when drawn ?" " They are left in the private drawer of my desk in my own private room — the back office, yon know. The key of the desk is never out of my possession." " Is it one of those patent locks of world-wide fame that skeletons won't undo ?" went on Robert. " I often wish 1 had got one of them forjmy .official JrapRO u'vl sue navwa » "It is only an ordinary lock," said Mr. Dunn, bnt there's not a chance of anybody's getting to the desk, though he had a skeleton ; for I am in the room from sunrise to sunset." " Well, it seems very strange." " It's more than strange : it's magical" " And it is veiy disagreeable;" put in the confidential clerk. " I can bear Mr. Dnnn out in what he says — that no one can possibly get the chance of tampering with any lock in his private room ; bnt nevertheless it is an unpleasant thing for us all in the office. How was it yon never told me of this before, sir f ' "Well, Mowbray, the truth is I have hated to speak of it Where was the use, either ? You can't fathom it any more than I can." . Mr. Mowbray sat twirling his whis kers and gazing into, the fire; as if he were trying to compass it By the ex pression of his face, it seemed a hopeless task. "How long has it being going on now ?" inquired Robert of Mr. Dnnn. " How long 1 Oh, for three months. But at first, for some weeks, I only sus pected something was wrong ; doubted, in short, whether it was or not Now I know it" Hie clock on the mantel-piece chimed half-past ten : our signal for dispersing. Mr. Dunn lighted the bed- caudles, rang, the bell, and then went to the top of the stairs to call out the nightly order : " Turn off Hie gas at the' main, Ruth." And in less than a minute came back the usual answering .response, which Mr. Dnnn always, waited .for.-; . " Jenkins has tamed it off, sir." And we saw Hie gas in Hie room die slowly out. Robert fell asleep as soon as he was in bed. As. for me — well, I don't care whether you laugh at my folly or not — I muffled myBelf in my warm travelling wrapper, and sat stiff I meant to see whether the gas was turned on again, this night or not Yea A few minutes after twelve I pulled forward the angular pipe of one burner, and lighted it It went flaring aloft in the cold room, and Robert woke up. "Why, Nelly, what on earth are you doing ? Is it to-morrow morning f ' . "The gas is tamed on again to-night, Robert" « What if it is ? Are you going a journey, pray ? That cloak pertains to the boat; doesn't it V " Robert, I have all sorts of canons ideas in my mind. I should like to tell them to you. It is not mnch past twelve o'clock." Oh, bother ! I say, do yon mean to sit np all night ¥' "No. Not now I have satisfied my self that the gas is on." " My belief is, that yon are going lnny over that gas." ' " Listen, Robert. I cannot help think ing those men, that the servants admit, must have something to do with Mr. Dunn's troubles." " What men ?" " Why, the two you saw. Don't you remember ? Stokers, yon called them." " Goose ! Do you suppose the men are admitted every night ?" " At any rate, the gas is turned on evety night, . Robert. Even to-night, Sunday night, it is on yon see. Why should they torn it on ? What do they want with it ?" For a minute or so he did not answer. "How should men like those, the servants' consins or sweethearts, be likely to have anything to do with Mr. Dunn's affairs ? I tell yon, Nelly, yon are turning lnny." " Never mind my lnnacy. How can we be sure that they have not something to do with it ¥' - " In what way ?" "By .getting into the office and stealing the deeds ; and then — perhaps selling them to Tinker and Teal. Mr. Dnnn says the lock to his private drawer is only an ordinary lock." " To begin with, the deeds are not stolen. & does not speak of ever having lost one. Come, go on, Nelly the wise." Well, that was true ; and it rather checked me. No deeds had been taken. So far as Mr. Dunn conld judge; from the position in which he left and found them, they were never touched. . "Well, Robert, I can't pretend to solve the mystery. - Rut this may be a clue to it Possibly the men get to read the memoranda and parchments, and then repeat the substance to Tinker and TeaL Were I yon, I wonld most cer tainly impart this affair of. the gas to Mr. and Mrs. Dnnn ; they can follow it up if they think proper. Suppose, after L/ima analft XDU cttnnM TlPfiP Ol n G gut UUlllO QgOlil| " this house being burnt down ! You would reproach yourself then for keeping silence." " You get to bed and to sleep, Mrs. Wyatt ; and don't chatter nonsense." After this, I was surprised the next morning to find that Robert did mean to tell Mr. Dunn. He lost no time over it, either ; for he spoke after breakfast, going down to Mr. Dunn's office to. do it. Mr. Dunn came np at once and told his wife. NotMng conld exceed their astonish ment They had so fully believed their servants were trustworthy. " I'll have it out at once," said Mr. Dunn, who was of a hasty temper in small matters. Both the women were summoned — Ruth from her beds above, Jenkins from below ; and the dining room door was shut upon us. I stated, at Mr. Dunn s request, what I had observed in regard to the gas : namely, that it was re-tnrned on again every night after everybody was supposed to be in bed and asleep. Stolidly, obstinately, defiantly, as if resenting the implied accusation, Jenkins vowed by all Hie saints in the calendar that they never did re-turn on the gas after the master had called but his orders to put it out. She and Ruth were too tired with the labours of the day not to be glad enough , to get at once to bed. Especially now when there was company in the honse, she added, as a fling at me. Rntb, looking very pale, bore her ont. . And, bnt for knowing what I did know,. I shonld have thought, they were asserting the truth. < Then Mr. Dunn spoke of the two men who had come in siiireptitioiisly .the previous Monday night. Jenkins an swered at once. " That's trne," she said. " My two brothers, Jim and Jacob, came to tell me two things; one bad, the other good. Jim's little son had been ronjwrJjyja. in the hosnitaL . He ' r — — wanted .to borrow a pound from me for things for Hie child. The other news was that he, Jim, was promoted' to be a' driver, and would get better pay. Jacob must work on as a stoker yet ;' bnt his turn'll come." Robert gave me a look. He had made a good guess at the men's callings. Mrs. Dnnn spoke. "Veiy late, Jenkins, I most say, to have visitors." "They came on to me as soon as Jim's train was in ma'am. That there Liverpool train don't get np till between ten and eleven. Me and Rath couldn't imagine who it was, a coming down the airy at that hour. It was a good six months since I had seen Jim, before." ."And did you' "tarn. !bn"the' gas Jenkins ?" questioned the master. - " Yes, sir, I did. The kitchen's like' a well without it, for darkness. I knew there was no danger, as all the burners ever lighted be all tinned off carefully. We kept it alight a matter of ten or twelve minutes ; not more : before the clock struck eleven they had gone away again. " And you pnt the gas ont again at the main ? " " Of conrse I did, sir. I tamed it off at once. That is Hie only time we have ever had the gas on again," concluded Jenkius, emphatically ; " and if it was the last word I ever had to speak, I'd say it." "Yon have never turned it on any other night at all ? " " No, sir, never. . There's Ruth : she can speak to it as well as me." Ruth seemed hardly in a'bondition to speak to anything. She was ' dissolved in tears. "Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt both say that the burners in their room can be lighted every nigfat . after twelve o'clock," said Mr. Dnnn.- "They have been in the babit of trying it." " The gas don't come from our main then," retorted Jenkins. " Me and Ruth is abed and asleep ages afore that. Ferbaps them burners in the spare room have got a main of their own," she con cluded with some suppressed insolence. Well, there seemed nothing satis factory to be drawn from it. Jenkins and Ruth held to what they said, and were allowed to retire. Mrs. Dnnn be lieved them ; I saw that plainly ; and she disbelieved me. Afterwards she hinted that I most be in some way mis taken. The usual routine was gone through that night — " Ruth, tarn off the gas at the main," — and we went np to bed as usual Robert got a book. " Don't yon mean to undress, Ro bert?" "Not yet; Fm waiting for twelve o'clock and the gas. If it lights np to night as ordinary, Dnnn and I are going on an exploring expedition." " Where to ? " " To every room in the house. There must be treachery somewhere." . " It must lie with the servants, Ro bert — in spite of their deniaL" "Well, that's the only conclusion Dnnn and I can come to. And for that reason, I have not the least expectation that there'll be any superfluous gas to night, after the expos& Yon can go to bed, Nelly." " Oh, Robert, no ! I must stay np to see." But there was gas. A few minutes after twelve, Robert tried- the two burn ers and they flared np. Treading lightiy in his soft slippers, he went to Mr. Dnnn's door and brought him in. " Yon see, Dnnn. There's the gas as large as life. " By George ! " cried Mr. Dnnn.. , They went creeping down stairs in their stockings, intending to pounce upon Ruth and. Jenkins. Mrs. Dunn and I stretched ourselves over the balus trades to listen — for she had not on- dressed either. In passing the offices to steal round to the lowest flight of stairs, Robert; as he told us later, saw a light glimmering under the door of. Mr. Dunn's private room. Catching his arm, he pointed to it silently. " We most go in," whispered Robert " And force the door, if necessary." The door was bolted ; but they did force it : they were both powerful men. Seated at Mr. Dunn's desk, underneath Hie gas burners, all three alight, was Mr. Mowbray. He had the private drawer open, and was copying some freshly drawn-up document of importance. He was the culprit Though, as Mr. Dunn said afterwards, he would sooner have suspected himself Mr. Mowbray had got into some dreadful embarrass ment of debt ; and, to try and extricate himself was turning traitor to his master and Bellinor Tiia treacherv to Tinker and TeaL After the servants had got well to bed he had been wont to steal down to the coal cellar and turn on the gas at the main. Mr. Dunn did not prosecute him ; only sent him adrift. He was a soft hearted man at all times, and the clerk told him a piteous tale. Robert laughed : it was, he said, Dunn all over. And Jenkins and Rath had been as innocent all through as we were. I gave them a gown a-piece when I left. But I don't like gas in a honse yet. I tell Robert we will not have it in ours, at least in the bedrooms,- if ever we get the chance of coming home to dear old England. 