ODD NOTES. By a Bohemian. What a carious tiling it is, when you come to tliiuk of it, that thoro are hundreds and thousands of people— AngloiSbfcohV'moB tly— who aro nover happy unless they Are miaorable. I havo b deop-rootod conviotion. that these BtrangoiyeonBtitutod ' 'oroot'uros oo'uld' not rest quietly in their' beds if tliey thought tho world was going on Bmoothly and safely, and that no dreadful calamity wob at hand. They enjoy the Boneatiou of belioving the most disagreeable prophecies. It acts upon ths'm as a kind' of tonio and anodyno combirisd. This is why there aro.so many beliovera in ;Dr. Oumming'a pro pbocioB 'about tho end of the world, nnd a uni* vorsal ' flare-up.' It in aokno'wibdged now that the Dr. was out of ' liis calculation, bnt his fol lowers insist that it was only a trifling error of a' year. or two more or Teas— tboy would die rather thop' give up the idea that tho world will he- destroyed before, the end of the present cen tury, and they forvently hope hnd : pray that it may happen whilo 'they are alive so that they may witness- tlio apebtaole. The samo sort of mehtbl idiosyncrasy is mani fested, in a milder form by forebodings of national disaster ending in ruin. -. iFrom the time of the Plantagencts at'iouat, England bag never been without ' prophets who oould prove, as clearly sb possible, that i.lie nation had seen its best days, and was fast hastening to utter and irretrievable ? ruita. These prophets were always popular in proportion to the iappalling cbaraoter'bf the catastrophe whioh they foretold — and the rat^e tliriveB still. The latest repre sentative of the lino has juBt given his firBt note of warning in a paVnpblet dedicated [to the London Colonial Institute. ? He is riot yet a full-fledged prophet of tlie dismal Bobool, 'so ha witliolds hiB name for liie present, ,hut he proves olearly enough in . his little; book that there is not the ghost of a chance for the: dear old mother country unless she- increases her Parliament to a thousand members, consisting of 200 members of tho present House of Lords, 652 members from the House of Commons* 48 of tho 'number to' be nominated by the ? Government of India— a .dozon ont'. of i the number to be natives of India if possible— and ?100 to bo : 'sent by' the other colonies, of which Australasia is to contribute Blri Quly imagine a Parliament of 1,000' members, including a dozon natives of India apd. sixty oner Australian statesmen; tlie thousand' having power- to control' the whole affairs of the Empire! Think of tlie amount of talking. that , would have to be done, before a majority, .of' the ,thouBand could deoide on: the smallest matter ; : andlbe unspeakable torture of. having to 'read the debates of thiB 'thousand-tongued parliament ; liii'd the1 Heartburnings' aud jealpusies , between thaicplonials fuid the stick-at- homes iu this gigantic talking-shop. Such a parliament would .have to begin two or three years a:head and, then 'would be 'in constant danger of Iidttihg the business of the Empire .get into arrears. It is , utterly cpnfusing to attempt to imagine, auoh a a House in session. No, if England is doomed Ito destruction, let it be destoyed in.'aei inerpiful and Christian-like a manner as possible and not be tortured to death by inches by, a parliament consisting of a thousand members,, twelve, of whom muBt bo natives of India and eixty.qne Australian statesmen. At the same time' I must admit that this latest of the prophets has started .well. He will be able to publish his name by-and-bye if he concentrates all his mental powers upon the subject, . is muoh{more positive and vehement, and could manage to throw into hiB prognostications a little more, of , the horrible. ? ? ? ;v ti . I am delighted to learn from the Melbourne papers that a movement is about to bednau gurated there for the teaching of oobkWy to young ladies, on the model of the Soith Kensington experiment last yea'r.,7 This is a step in tbe right direction, ? without a doubt, and has become necessary on this side the globe in oonsequenoe 'of the immense Bocial progress we are making. : Brid get and Mary Jane are now pretty ri'ejl' mis tresses of the situation, and , objppt to , be condemned to the drudgery of baking, .boiling, and frying — if they oan anyway avoid it— and if they cannot, they make tlioBe suffer who have to eat' their kitchen ' preparations. If it Vo'qqld on co -be made fashionable for a lady to ,be as accomplished in tbe manipulation of the 'frying- pan us she is now in thatof the piano, if itdidnot solve' tbe- domestic difficulty it would Simplify it amazingly.' I don't Bee- any reason why this cannot be, managed., .The young lady .pupils while learning the art might practise upon poor pooplo — who for a trifling some of money, or eome oast offelothes, wouldn't mindriiskihg the eating of her preparations,— and1 when sh'e wap perfect in the art she oould. bring the rnan pf lier choice to her feet for a dead certainty with an omelet of her own cooking, ' or a pie, or tart or custard, ' or a well cooked dish of potatoes and a nioely .roasted sirloin. It would not bo. safe to attempt the conquest until it oould be done perfeolly, beoauee . young ' gentlemen, as a rule, 'however deeply they may be in love, havo very healthy ap- ' petiles and a fine appreciation of good cookery. ' . Depend upon it, my deals, a profioienoy in the art of cooking would be. found more irrosisitble to a lover worth seonring'tban the moBt perfeot knowledge of tatting, embroidery, drawing,' danoing — or even : keeping a stall at a fanoy bazaar. 'When we have got over this spell ing complaint under which so many ore suffering just' now in Brisbane, I hope the kitohen movement will be started here. And, mentioning Bridget and 'Mary 'Jane, puts me in mind of tbe Brisbane Fepiale Refuge. The benevolent ladies and gentlemen who are.oonduoting this institution have under taken a hurd task. I don't mean in procuring' funds, but iu catohingthe 'females' for whom tho institution lias beon established — and keep ing them long enough to offset a permanent moral euro. You remomber old Sam Jonhsou'i anoedote about - hie housemaid, Betty P — '? Don't P -Well, Betty was dismissed for some impropriety, and the old' '.Doctor ' lost sight of her for noarly twelvemonths, when ho aooidontally. mot hob in Fleet-street, dressed in the height of faBhion, and mimioking the woll-brod lady to porfeotion. The doctor, with genuine jtindnees of .heart, spoke' to Betty, warmly, congratulated ' her upon lior riee in tho world, und uekod 'lier -..how- it had been brought about, . ' Whereupbn Betty1 . oxolaiuied, 'La! doctor, didn't1 you know ^htt1 I had boon ruipedP' This iB tlla diificliliy with our- .Mdgdale'n8,., only ',in ; a .tenfqld.pjqro hopeless J degree. Dombstio sorvenU mo iq ' snoli 'demand out bore ttiak thofe is no tcmpta q, tion fotj^tgirl to go, wrong, .except laziness or' 1 '''downright animalism — and these are oom'plaintB that it'isinoit to impossible to euro— -oapocially .diwhfln' the indulgence 'ill' ihom is eo'vory luora -tire'.'; ' ?. ' ''] ''t ; Many ' of 'my readers, will bo sorry lo hoar that the .Brisbane and Ipswich Railway is not behaving itself. in a proper manner. In plain English, it is manifesting a decided leaning ?'towards Ipswich. This is especially rioticablo k^':i at thh 'embankment near the Milton . distillery ' ' just beforeyou get to the long cutting.. That bank -on the Brisbane side of the bridge sooms do terminVd 'td go Ipswijh-way and in its absurd effort to accc/mplish this is pushing tho bridge beforp.iti. This., is'; very improper, but I don't . blame the. bank so,muoh as . those who gave it ? bi-r ithe, inclination toitake suoh a course.1 It would -j'.ji he 'interesting- to discover who thnt ' party because' there will' be difficulties at that v-' |M bridge yet. Even now, the trains have to go phn'i9iTe5?5 plow,' and wlign the hank gets a 0,;t vlitt)e,further down into the oreek they Won't be eu .Vable to go-over it at all.' There is some'malign c-'i'-Ipswioh' influence at bottom, depend upon it. 