Alice's Resolve ; OR, AN ESCAPE FBOM MOBMON THBALDOM, Bt Ibhxabl. Chaptbb IX.— The St&*.taobm Continued. Thubbday night came, and we took our places in the theatre, Crawiey, our spy, was there too, in communication with us, but not in our compiay. He remained at a distance, prepared to point out to us by a preconcerted gesture the two ladies, in case I should not recognise them, or, more correctly speaking, one of them— an idea which I scorned, being fully confi dent that my heart would, through the mystic sym ' pathy of love, instantly welcome its idol, though my eyes should have Iobi their power. The house was rather thinly attended, and every spectator could -with perfect ease be scanned and criticised by every other. We had stationed ourselves at the right hand of the lower end of the pit — as low, in fact, as the prophet, manager's regulations permitted — and not long after our arrival there entered two elderly ladies, and a bevy of young maidens, seven or eight, and amoag them the two we were expecting. Crawiey gave the signal, but, as I had anticipated, it was unnecessary. My heart gave an almost audible ' clack ' when I first say my ever-remembered, long lest MHly. To have imagined the possibility that I should not instantly recognise her ! It was absurd — insulting. Yet, I was disappointed, but the disap pointment was one of unmixed pleasure, and my ad oniiation and love rose with one bound to the very highest pitch, for she was so much more beautiful than I expected, as is a golden summer sun's rising from a placid sea, to the pale glimmer of a silvery moon peep in g through the foliage of a deep forest. There was the same wavy, light brown hair which had been the first object of my youthful admiration : paler, lighter, not quite so unruly in its curls as formerly, more golden and Boft, if anything ; but still the same, the kindly playful blue eyeB were charged with more electric tire than of yore, f fancied, but they were the same that had look so bashfully into mine when I robbed that fatuous kiss in the little bower in my mother's gar den ; her very complexion had become more transpa rent and delicate than I could have anticipated, a result, I explained to myself, of the sedentary habits imposed on Mormon ladies ; and, lastly, the form . which I fancied would be strong and robust (for bo Rebecca had described it), more ethereal, and quiet as slender as when we parted six years before. Alto gether there was in her appearance a mixture of strange and enticing beauties of which I hitherto had known nothing, and the familiar traits with which my fancy for yeats had been busy, and I was in a rapture. Both the young ladies were dressed exactly alike, in pale blue silk with red and white bows, and though I, of course, did not pay the same attention to her companion's appearance as to her own, I found tine to observe, that she, also, was a very engaging woman —fair, yet with somewhat darker and carefully plaited hair, deep blue eyes, and a much fresher complexion. Her face expressed patience, and, far the moment, anxiety, and a shadow of sadness which hung around the pensive mouth gave a. tender and interesting touch to features already in themselves sufficiently attrac tive. The signB of vivacity in the being on whom my whole soul now was ri vetted, were wanting in her friend, and I decided at once that my cousin Milly, in her letter to Mrs. Hallaway, had sketched Miss Srendstrup with the too partial hand of friendship, and that, of the two, she herself would by all im partial judges be pronounced the superior in beauty. ? ? Do you see them ? ' I whispered to Adrian, when I had subdued my first emotion. 'Yee,'he whispered back. 'That you do so is mighty clear, and I guess you'll skeer them, should they look this way, or else draw on us the notice of other and more dangerous eyes. Do you know which cf them is your cousin I ' ' Do I know? ' I repeated, annoyed at the implied suspicion that I could have entertained a doubt on the Bubject. ' Of course X do. I knew her immedi ately. She has scarcely changed at all.' This was not Btrictly correct, but there was no reason that I should, even to him, confess that I had not expected to find her half so lovely as she was. ' 1b that so r ' he said, following the direction of my eyes as if he watched them. 'Xwisb, you joy.' And the next moment the first piece began. Between the actB we, as others in the saloon, gaeed round and round, some to exchange friendly nods, but most to indulge in more or less charitable criticism, that pastime being as much in vogue in New Jerusalem as in New York— and it did not escape our notice, that Milly. and her friend looked about them searchingly, out with conscious hesitation. They could not help seeing us, I thought, only few strangers being present, and my vanity was more wounded than I cared to avow, when their look* passed on to us, stayed a fraction of a second, and then glided away again, without the smallest sign ef recognition. This was certainly in the strictest sense according to agreement, but somehow one does not relish the literal carrying- out of such terms when the result is, that the girl one loves completely ignores one's own existence, for after all the telegraphic message of the eye is the easiest, moBt assuring, and Bwutest yet discovered, and the battery within is always charged. Happening to look up, after a short survey of other parts of the house — as, apart from its rudeness, it would have been highly impolitic to have constantly gaeed in the same direction — I observed that some thing had occurred which had made them recognise me, tor of Adrian, as being a perfect Btranger, I never thought. The darker, or rather the least fair of the two ladies, blushed deeply, and as she whispered to her companion, a glow of intelligence stole over and illuminated the handsome countenance of the latter who looked attentively our way, but not at me. It ?was very provoking, this persistence in regarding me altogether as an unknown, but my surprise was con siderably increased, when on turning to Adrain, who happened to stand behind me, I discovered it was he ana not I who was the object of their glances, and doubtless their whispered conversation also. At that moment one of their chaperons drew their attention towards something else, and when they again turned their eyes in our direction, I positively could not help looking at my enchantress with such an intense ad miration, that she became cognisant of it, and made the «iightest possible inclination with her head, blushing deeply, and smiling with a bewitching slyness which I could by no means asigna reason for. She said a word or two to her friend and, after having regarded sue with attention, the latter honoured me with a nod, the familiarity of which I fancied to be somewhat out of place. I recollected, however, cousin Milly's description of Miss Alice, and concluded she was one of those enthusiastic but capricious young persons who snake the affairs of their neighbours as muchtheirown «c if they were personally inteceited. in it. Having attained our object— to be recognised— we left the theatre, fearing that if we lingered within the radius of the fire ef those bright orbs, suspicion might anse, and the scheme for to-morrow be frustrated. To-morrow ! How my heartbeat when I dwell on the happiness to-morrow would usher in. During our homeward walk not a word was said, I being occupied with my own magnificent structures in the air, and Adrian evidently cogitating deeply on some serious subject, for he smoked violently, a sure sign thut his brain was busy hammering at a p'er plexity. Reviewing in my thoughts what had Hap pened during the last half- hour, I began to wonder how it came to pass that they had evinced such an interest in Adrian, the expression in both their faces seeming to imply that he was not unknown to them, and I came to the conclusion that in him they must have recognised the ' friend ' to whom I had allu i»d in my note to Milly. What a fortunate turn of attains that would be, I mused, if that young lady, Miss Alice, had managed to fall straightway in love with Adrian' s fair, fine, and unquestionable decorative beard, the like of which all Salt Lake could not produce ! She had blushed, and blushed, as if she were pleasantly surprised, and there was confusion as well as gratifica tion in her countenance when she first beheld him, of that I felt certain, and — and — . Here we reached our home, my castles tumbled down, and I never thought of picking up the pieces and re-fit them before it was too late. ' Your couBin is a mighty handsome woman, Heb - den.' It wag Adrian who broke the silence, as soon as he, smoking as furiously as ever, had ensconced himself in a rocking- chair in our sitting-room. ' Handsome ! ' I exclaimed reprovingly. ' She is far more than that. She is a perfect goddess, and I am sure she is as good as she is beautiful.' ' 1 have not a ghost of a doubt about that,' he ob served drily, though your words are but empty words —handsome is quite sufficient, and a true woman is better than half-a-dozen goddesses, /opine.' Knowing by this time his peculiar mariner of ex pressing himself, anu also that he would ridicule me were I to indulge in raptures, I said nothing. ' I think you mentioned that you recognised her immediately,' he. after a short pause, proceeded. ' Yes, at once,' I replied. ' Did you really think I could have been in any doubt ? ' ' No, I didn't. She is preceesely what I expected to find her, from jour repeated descriptions, though I had not the distantest notion it was the ! Crawiey tells me she has been sought in marriage by high and low, from the day she arrived to this moment.' 'She/' I repeated, much astonished at the emphasis with which he had expressed that pronoun, and paying no attention to his last words. ' Then you have seen, perhaps known her, before to-night ? ' ' Yes, that is so,' he rejoined with imperturable gravity, ' and I congratulate you once mare, and with better reason than formerly. My services were at your disposal already, but now they are, if possible, still more so, since they will aid you and her jointly. I told you in Chicago that I would use my utmost endeavours to save two persons from the clutches of these wretches, if they would allow themselves to be saved. One I knew by name, but her fate is sealed in a double sense, long ago. The other I came to take an interest in, because I imagined her to be a victim led blindfolded to the slaughter house. I met her in the cars on a railroad trip hitherwards, and heard her called * sister,' but it did not occur to me to ascertain her name. She was in company with a well-known arch-Mormon, and, in short, it was your cousin.' ' Does she know you ? ' ' Waal, I suppose I may Bay yes. We spoke three words to each other, but they were not complimentary on her bide. Guess she thought me an impertinent meddler, and mainly she was not altogether wrong in that.' A sudden light broke in upon me, and with it the first pangs of jealousy. Adrian Haddock was the man who had warned and tried to save Milly when travelling fast on the road to ruin ! ' Under what circumstances did you meet,' I asked. ?? Where, when ? ' ' Reckon that is private, friend Hebden ; but I'll tell you in a week, if you then have any curiosity to know it. 'Tie not worth reviewing for its owa s-ike, but we'll do it when we have her safe and she is yours.' My decision was taken instantly — he should know what Milly had come to think of his generous con duct, and, 'if Bhe preferred him to me — well, it would be hard, much harder than if to- night's recognition had not taken- place ; but it was out of all question that I could hope to win her, had she learned to love in secret my true-hearted friend. Opening my desk, I brought forth the letter that had been the cause of me entering upon this knight-errantry which now so suddenly seemed to promise a far lesser reward than I had hitherto so selfishly expected (for I was rampantly jealous at the moment), and gave it to him. ' Read this,' I said. He looked keenly at the packet, took out its con tents, and, seeing how many sheets there were, laid them down again, and filled his pipe with great de liberation. Having lit it to his satisfaction, he con tinued his superficial inspection and glanced at the signature, which he found above the postscripts. ' This from your cousin r ' he said. 'Yea. To her married sister in England, Mrs. Hallaway.' ' What right have I to read it r ' ?? My permission, and that will suffice. I accept all the responsibilities.' ' Hm ! That is bo. But will you tell me why you have never shown it to me before.' ' Hitherto I have considered it a confidential com munication, to be withheld even from you.' ' Hm ! That is so. But if you were not justified in showing it to me before, how can you consistently do eo now ? Will it not be a breach of faith, not only on your part but on mine r ' 'I conceive not. There is something in that letter which, from what has occurred to-night, I believe refers to you, and therefore I wish you now to know all.' That shot told. His delicacy succumbed to his curiosity, and he eagerly perused page after page, the while sending forth such volumes of smoke that one might well think he intended to propitiate some august deity with the incense. His otherwise im movable features, which I watched attentively as he read on, presented for once an index to the varied feelings and emetions awakened by the fair writer's description of her life among the Mormons — astonish- ment, rage, contempt, admiration, amusement, and pity, and, towards the conclusion, a smile of pleasure, soon engulphed in the exasperated ' Tarnation su perlative scoundrels ! ' as he folded and returned the letter. 'You were the stranger my cousin Milly en countered at the temporary railway terminus ? ' I asked, seeing that he was about to fall into one of his brown studies, from which it was scarcely possible to draw him when once fairly begun. ' That is bo,' was the short reply. ' And your interest was so strongly aroused by such a short acquaintance — if acquaintance it can properly be called — that you, after a lapse of nearly a year and a half, traverse the whole width of this country, on the bare chance that she might want the MBiBta&ce; of » friendly hand f ' I enquired ; my new born jealousy — no, not newborn, for had I not nursed it a whole hour !— forcing to my lips the ungracious question. He looked at me, as if he wished to read in my face whether my wordB were really serious or mingled with the irony he so cordially hated. Apparently satisfied, he replied as briefly and as usual — ' Ye*, that is so.' ' You entertain then a deep feeling of interest for my cousin ? ' ' I do,' he answered with manly earnestness, while a lurking smile betrayed that he now fully understood the motive that dictated my words. ' Go on, Heb den. Any more questions r' he added. ' Only one more,' I responded, growing hot and cold all at once. ' Do you — I beseech you to answer me truly and in all sincerity, as I would do in similar circumstances— do you— do you love rJus young maiden ? ' ' Hm ! Reckon that is one of the gveo test questions ever a lover asked, without any better fixins to go by than you have. But you shall have a plain answer, Charles Hebden, since you thus demand it. I opine that to be in love oughter be known to one's own self, and, if that be the case, I cannot say that I love your cousin ; but I am sure of this, that I have never in my life seen another woman whom I should like bo much to teach to love me, if it were poEEible, as this same cousin of yours, of whose identity with die lady I met in the cars, I had not the remotest suspicion before to-night. But do not fear any rivalry, friend, even were such in my power. It were the absurdest and foolishest business in the world to conjure up a competitor for her heart in me. I have only exchanged a few words with her, and you oughter know me better than to fancy, even for a single moment, that I would enter the lists against you, admitting, for the sake of argument, that they were open to me, which they are not. Now, is this a fair exposition of the case, or do you still doubt me ?' ' Doubt you ! ' I exclaimed, pressing his hand. 11 1 never doubted you or your sense of honour, nor did I entertain a thought unworthy of our friendship ; but it misgives me, that you are my rival without in tending to be so. Of me it is scarcely likely she has thought for years, until a few days ago ; while the letter you have just read proves that with your image she haB long been familiar, that Bhe has dwelt upon it with that mysterious interest which is so closely allied to womanly affection, that it may well be called its nurse ; and then she looked so extremely pleased, let her eyelids fall with such, a charming con fusion, and blushed so unaccountably, when her friend pointed you out to her in the theatre, a circum stance which I at the time, regarded as somewhat un explainable.' ' It was the who first saw me, and pointed me out to her friend,' corrected Adrian. ' Miss Brendstrup could not have known me.' ' I don't know that I am quite sure about-that,' I maintained. ' The two girls are very confidential, and I have not the least doubt that Milly has described you and your beard to her friend a hundred times.'' ' At all events it was Miss Hebden who first re cognieed me.' ' Very likely. I was the moment previous occu pied in looking elsewhere, and did not observe it. However, if she really had learnt to love you, you will have no heartier congratulations than mine, although it were vain to deny that it will demolish a long cherished hope.' ' I will leave this cursed place to-morrow,' he ciied vehemently. ' Darned if I don't.' ' Now it is you who are unreasonable,' I replied. ' What possible purpose could that answer ? Don't you see, that if she prefers you to everyone else, such preference dates from your first meeting ? 1 can see that plain enough now, and the expressions iu her letter to Mrs. Hallaway have quite a different meaning for me to-day to what they had yesterday.' ' You are a capital hand at piling up difficulties ; I suppose for the pleasure it affords you to shell them down again,' he said laughingly. ' If bo, I have learned the art lately, and by taking a leaf out of your book,' I retorted. ' Ah ! is that so i But stars and stripes ! ' he ejaculated, smiting his thigh as was his wont when excited, *' what an eternal pity it is, that we two should happen to fancy the same girl as the only right one, when it would have been the most superla tivest fit in all creation to have taken each one such a beauty from these manywifed hounds ! Reckon I would not haggle about sacrificing something con fit ederably to have a chance of spelling these Philis tines to rights.' It being late, and the subject apparently too delicate for further manipulation, we separated for the night ; but a sucking vampire had already fastened on my heart, and' however hard I tried I could not rid my belf tif it. I was not jealous in the ungenerous or envious meaning of the words, for I had sense enough left to discern that if Milly loved Adrian, such a feel ing was already deeply rooted in her heart, though possibly as yet unacknowledged even to herself, and that she could nowhere find a better husband, I willingly admitted. But, notwithstanding all these BEBurances which were forced on me by conscience, I became desperately in earnest, and felt, rather than decided, that I would 6train every nerve to succeed iu my 6uit. This was not generous, you will say. True ; but where will you find a lover, with a heart filled by one all-absorbing image, willing to renounce that, and thereby life s greatest bliss, when, by a cast ol the die, he may win it ? Such characters doubtless exist, though I fear they are exceedingly rare, and I freely confess I am diffeientiy moulded. 