AN EXAJMINATION OF MODERN ' SPIRITUALISM. - . ' (From the New York Time.) The spirits find new champions daily. "Materialisation" is on the defensive, and is perhaps a' trifle, vindictive,- if-wc1 may, judge from the fierce threat which one of its. advocates. has. lately, made. This un- amiablc person, through the columns of one Qf .our contemporaries; in forms tbg press in particular, nnd the world in geucral, that; if newspaper, critici-m upo "the manifestations11 is not suspended11 " the mediums through whom they occur will very sooiKhavc;the power to suspend the Press, nnd they, will use it, too." , This is very dreadful ; nay, more, it is exces sively aggravating thus to have one's busi ness interests cunmiittcd to' the malign iuflucncc of; those .wicked agencies, called by the great Andrew. Jackson : Davis tlie Diukka. or inischicvous sprUcn. On care ful examination, we find the author of this prophecy to be ftipersoii) who has lately visited tbc mystic abode; of, tlie Eddy brothers, and who JtaSi.hccomc: convinced that they arc in ,cvcry sense the miracit-v lous people that they represent themselves. The exposure of the .Katie King frauds, and the complete outwitting of the char latan Holmes family, havc.liad no effect on the calm . and judicial mind of this . now apostle of the doctrine , of .materialisation, lie puts no, , faith in! the! statements of scientific cavillers ; .he .sets. ut:nniight all evidence which sensible people usually regard ns conclusive, and proceeds to ex amine for. himself;:, Ile has not only spent, much time in tbc Vermont Malley, where .the, Eddy brothers, reside, -but lias tuken a leisurely look at...tbc:.-t'.cabinet" from :wbich;tbey:arc ,wont to evoke, materialised' spirits..,; After , having.' examined every '.portion of the ball, where . the mnni festa- .tions occur, he solemnly proclaims that' jtbcrc 18; nowhere ianyi menus for tbc pro- .duction .of "..spirits by.mccbnnical tricks or by optical, illuHona." and therefore an- nounqes, . that iitbcrc , is. no fraud in the rustic, Eddys .and their., sccuiiug pbeno- mena. :- ; : . ' j ,r .Tbis.:nnostlc . doubtless, thinks himself right, ami .will at once become a devoted; .subject of .the monarch Superstition. ITc wfllbe introduced to the . sprightly ghost of his fffandmqthcr, .or. that of bis uncle wbo died in the Revolutionary; War. IJe will probably treat, with sublime scorn tlie insinuation, that lie has , been grossly de ceived and made,- a1 stool-pigeon by the skilful jugglers in the Vermont-Valley. It will not enter his mind, thnt; the Eddys perhaps found it expedient to cast about them for some, dupe from iwbom they could hide the. -means by which they ac complished their tricks, and then ask hiin to' "investigate", qlicj has possibly for-: , . gotten that, the Eddys .wcreivery shy of teuytliing like a close investigation at tlie hands of matiy scientific . people who were desirous of proving the " inaterializatioii;" a "frhiid' Ohc.'witness, who wns by no- means very tini(d; iis8ertcd bis belief that t be jtiggler$x8b fa'from really desiring |a practical test 'or tlieir,'1 Operations, were almost ready to offer personal violence to anyone who should'uiiderthkc such u test. We rrc not prep'iircd to . believe tbnt the Eddys' arc Working-out. a new science whieh, \yfll reyoliitionizc . every thing on Ihis planet,' any: more thqn wby ere to hc- Beye'iluit' Katie'Klpg. wiu. ai'disembodUd spirit who clothed herself , at will In a: human frame. . There was some1 distingnislicd-tcstimony in, her favour: — a go d deiil mure than has yet been' offered in hchnlf of the Eddys— and those who1 from the very first refused to accept the1 or e arc nut verv . likely to pay much attention to the other. '' '' There is.alurgc tclass.to . whom actual harm isMonc j»y u " fdolLh belief in the niiimineih's- nud nuiskings efTsuch hoingH, ns.uppuur from' the 'dark. cabinet in the fitrm-houHc of tlie 'Eddys. .If the Prc.«n, which the new chuinpipit threatens in sncb a mystcrioiis manner, .coull inanngc to timiidsk the charlatans who arc preying on the superstitious natures of the masses, and who "make constant nud unseemly mockery of the mysteries of physical death imd the Immortality of the hoiiI, it would accomplish a noble mission. Pnssibly it may yet be induced to give tlie impu dence of the impostors who trade in smritimfistio "mniiifcstntions" of the grosser sort a lesson which they will not forget. The bravado of the Eildy brothers' slimvs thnt tliey are already afraid of being brought to judgment, tf they are rcally.dcsirmis of keaping the confidence of those henightml beings who still believe In them, they will find it wise to employ no more siieliuncomnrimusiiigcbtiinpionsas this one who has lately come before the public. 