THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE ; OB, RECOLLECTIONS OF AN IEISH BOJROUGH. By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) ii TySiT have you seen P' cried Rose, who, with Maddalena, was almost as frightanedas Nan cv herself. «« l'will Ro and see what it is,' said Gia como but just then a wild scream burst from Nancy's ashy lips, and pointing to the door, she cried— . „ i, mu«.n -fhArfl he is. and she firnnn.hfin in a corner behind her mistreus, unheeded bv any one, for all eyes were turned towards the open door, where a man of gentlemanly appearance and of middle age stood regard ing the astonished group with a smiling countenance. . -i j^y father, cried Giacomo and Mad dalena in a breath. j 'Your father1?' cried Miss Ackland ; ?'good God, it is Ralph Melville.' Her head sram, her brain burned, and she would have fallen senseless and motionless to the floor had not Rose been near enough to catch her in her arms. Hastily disen gaging himself from Maddalena's fond em brace, the Signor Malvili, as we shall yet call him, approached,, and taking Miss Ack land in his arms, laid her gently on a sofa, then watched her with tender interest, while Eose and Maddalena applied restora tives. Meanwhile Nancy rcse, and with the lightness of twenty years before, darted up to the new arrival, and taking him by the arm, looked up into his face, every feature of her own working convulsively. ' So you're not dead, after all, Captain dear? It isn't your ghost, at all, that's in it?' 'No, Nancy, my old acquaintance, I am not dead, nor is it my ghost you see, any more than I see yours, But let us attend to your mistress.' ' Mushin' thank God she's beginnin' to come to,' said Nancy ; ' ah, poor Miss Lydjy, sure if joy 'id kill any one she'd never come to, at all. The Lord be praised, the Lord be praised. An' me sayin' the Bosary for his soul every night of my life, sure.' When Miss Ackland, heavk -?a deep sigh, at last opened her eyes, the h, 'st object on which they fell was Ralph 3M lyille, the lover of her youth, the mourner o 'her riper years, the dream of her life, kneeliL j on one knee beside her, holding her hand ;u his, and watching with eager anxiety the g adual return of life and consciousness to her languid frame. She look'. ?- at him a ?U)* merit, at him only, then closy her eyes ag,. 'u without [an effort to speak, as hough fea; ing that the blissful vision migi. Evanish, as so many others had done before. But the Bound of her name, spoken it. the old familiar tones that had haunted k heart all those dreary years like a funeral 'lirge, j and the pressure of the hand that slit, had j never hoped to feel again, assured her hat 1 now, at least, her imagination had not i. Q.- ' ceived her, that she saw, and heard, and fe. l Ralph TvTelville, his very self, a creature ot flesh and blood,, though how he came to be j still in the flesh was yet a mystery.. He had | risen and now stood looking down on her with his own old smile.. Bending down, he touched her forehead ttith Ms lips, ' for the first time, Lydia,' he ! said in a tremulous voice, ' but you will pardon it now, will you not?' She smiled, as she whispered, ' Are you now convinced?' «e turned then to embrace his children, holding Maddalena longest in his arms, and holding up her face to see whether she was changed, Bose had timidly withdrawn herself from ?M.i?e circle around tue sofa» and stood with Nancy contemplating the group with jeartul eyes. ^ancy was in ecstacies, Making all sorts t, odd gesticulations, oc casionally giving vei. *? to her overflowing « fS i 1. a ma.nner Pt uliar to herself— , Ua! the darlin', the ck W, isn't it new we to see him again. Uk V at him now, gwnt I often tell you what ' o was, Miss *i!1Bul you weren't quite so glad t see him IS h® ,Qame t0 ™e doo*-' Ros, paid, JXi?8 Srouslilier teavS she, toe was he7h,lnS -Ralph Melville * ith admiring eyes, She W i gi?winrg with l Vmpathetio joy. from? looklnS from him to her aunt, and crXf h2f aun!- t0 Wni, scat sely daring to reait the evidence of her s arises that they C«igffn toSeUl™ m life and health as &\hemfchen- B^ sh Was not left «»& to her own thoughts, foi Mr. Melville cast his eyes around as if seeking some one else, and Giacomo taking her hand drew her forward, smiling and blushing as she was. ' Father,' said the young man, ' you have forgotten Rose— our. Rose,' and he glanced at Maddalena, who said in her eager, childish way — 'Yes, indeed, brother; our Rose— our own, own Rose.' . And she laughingly pushed Rose into her father's arms, saying, ' There, il mio padre, there is another child for you.' Mr. Melville looked at Giacomo and smiled. ' With all my heart,' said he, ' had she nothing but her iiame to recom mend her, she would be thrice welcome to me — but she is more than an Ackland. she is worthy of the name — as I know from the hold she has gained on the hearts of my children. She is handsome, Lydia,' he said, turning to Miss Ackland, but not at all like you.' ' Not half so handsome,' put in Rose, regarding her aunt with a look of proud af fection, at which Ralph Melville smiled ; he was probably of the same opinion. Miss Ackland, now quite recovered, yet still pale with wonder, sat motionless, with her eyes fixed on him who really seemed to her as one risen from the dead. ' Can it be possible, Ralph,' she said at length, 'that after all the long years during which you were mourned as dead, I see vnu still alive ? It seems hard to realize it.' ' An' us praying for him, Miss Lyddy, an' doing everything we could for his poor sowl.' At this every one laughed, and Mr. Mel ville said — ' My poor soul had need of your prayers, Nancy, even thong'!' it was still in the bodv, and I hope it benefited by them, too. But you must have been sadly dis couraged, I fear, to find my poor soul still wandering on earth after you had been fu ly twenty years praying for its repose.' 'No, I wasn't discouraged,' said Nancy stoutly, ' I only prayed the harder.' ' But how was it, father/' said Giacomo very seriously, ' that Miss Ackland really saw, or supposed she saw. you, several weeks ago, on the esplanade in front of the hall door P Were you here, then ?' ' Certainly not ; this is the first time in three-and-twenty years that I set foot about this house, or in the town of Drogheda.' ' It must have been your fetch, then,' said Miss Ackland gravely, ' for I see you no plainer, now than I saw you then.' ' What it was, Lydia, that took my shape and form, I cannot say,' he replied ; ' I only know that I was not here in person — though in spirit I well might have been,' he added in a tone meant only for her own ear. ' Oh Lord,' groaned Nancy from her corner, ' if I had only known — if I had only known that the poor dear Captain wasn't dead, at all, wouldn't it have given me an aisy mind, anyhow.' ' So, father,' said Giacomo, ' I can now understand the strange attraction I found in Miss Ackland.' 'How do you mean, my son ?' ' Why it always seemed to me as if I had i seen or known her a long time ago ; now I j know that it was because I had seen her i portrait in your private desk when I was a '. little child.' j ' 5Tou saw it, then?' said his father with ; a start. ' ' Yes, father, T may now confess it, and j the face haunted me ever since, hence, as I j suppose, the before unaccountable feeling of I curiosity with which I used to regard ! Miss Ackland, wondering, as it were, why I I did &o.;' 1 ' My dear Giacomo,' said Miss Ackland, *c I am glad to find that we were mutually interested in each othei. I bad never seen your portrait, nor was it your features that reminded me of one whom I supposed lo'g dead,' and she glanced at his father, ' but there was that in your voice and in your smile that brought him constantly before me. Even Mabel noticed the resemblance there. You remember Mabel, Ralph V ^ 'Indeed 1 do— poor lvlabei, is sne still alive ?' ' I can barely say she is ; her race is al most run. But it will give her new life to see you once again before she dies, and to see us together as of old.' ' Shall we not go soon to see her — you and I?' ' To-morrow as early as you will.' 'Then you were not born in Italy, father 1' said Maddalena. ' No, my child, I «-as born here in Ireland.. Miss Ackland can tell you why I left it.' ' But our name is an Italian one, surely,' said Gaieomo hesitatingly.' ' An Italianized Frenoh. one,' replied his father with a grave smile — ' Melville, you know, is a purely French name — one of those brought into these islands by our Nor man ancestors; it was easy changing it into bhe Italian Malvili when one desired to change their identity.' *' And you desired to change yours,' said Miss Ackland with strong emotion, ' in :-rder to punish one whom you supposed bad svronged you.' ' No, no, not to punish, Lydia, surely not ;o punish, for I had no reason to suppose \-- — ? M^J^— .*—^— ? .^^aa— — i _ ... that my appearance or disappearance was of any importance whatever to the person in question,' ' And now V Mr. Melville paused a moment, during which he and Miss Ackland regarded each other in silence ; then he replied — ' That I nm now of a somewhat different opinion is. I think, sufficien iy manifest from the fact of my being here.' 'Who enlightened you on that head?' ' My brother.' ' What Guy— Major 'Melville P' ' Precisely.' An exclamation of surprise here burst simultaneously from Giacomo and Madda lena, 'Major Melville our uncle, is it pos sible?' Rose only smiled, which Giacomo noticing, said — ' This news does not seem to suprise you, Rose, as it does us.' ' Certainly not ; I have known for some time that Major Melville was the brother of the Captain Melville whom my aunt had known in her younger days — ' ''And of whose perturbed spirit you and Nancy were so much afraid.' ' And Maddalena, too, Aunt Lydia — were you not afraid of the ghost Maddalena?' (To be continued,) 