\ MISCELLANEOUS. The Auditor. — Many accountant* appear to consider that, in demonstrating that tbey really understand book keeping by double entry, and that they urn, if left to I follow tbeir own couth? and take their own time, fully j explore all the intricacies of a business concern, they have j shown their fitness for the highest tasks. And may ! shareholders, on the other hand, practically adopt the idea | that they have secured all the advantages of a true audit ] when they have voted a snm for that purpose which, so far ! fnmi sufficiently remunerating a careful and plodding inquirer, would hardly pay a man of genius foraccountancy I for the ttroiiBe of superficially glancing at their accounts. \ There is a rudimentary kind of audit which consists in ascertaining that some eort of voucher can be produced for every payment, and that the printed balance-sheet corre sponds with balances ?which can be found in the ledger. S nch an audit is supposed to be completed by checking the ad ditions of the cash-book and balance-sheet, and glancing at the banker's pass-book. It was in the days when such audits were common, and were frequently performed (as well4hey might be) by unprofessional men. that the custom ;. of voting a trifling pittance of ten or twenty guineas to the auditor originated. At the other end of the scale is tbe audit which, whilst relying on the certificates of tiki Lied officials for the quantity and value of stocks and plant, ex ercises a certain supervision even over matters such as , these, and includes a thorough analysis of all ledger ?0' accounts, particularly tbe impersonal oues. An auditor who does his work well endeavours to watch everything with the cye-of a prudent and careful master, not flattering himself with the existence of profit until every unfavourable possibility has been gauged. Wc have known cases where the ill-judged parsimony of shareholders has failed to ' hinder an effectual audit, because the directors chose to regard the honorarium voted to the auditors as a mere * fee due in respcct of the responsibility assumed by them, and, tlie personal supervision they bestowed ; paying them in addition a much larger sum' for the time and travel ling expenses of their clerks. But the directors, we believe, would have done no such thing., had not their sense of responsibility been quickened bv the fact that they them selves held enormous stakes in the concern. It is more common by far to find that the small fee paid is accepted on the footing that services of corresponding 'value are expected, and that any investigation of accounts, however * desirable in itself, which would render the auditorahip a losing affair, is to be left undone. No doubt, the most cur sory examination of a balance-sheet by a trained accountant must tend to prevent gross mistakes ; but the professional man little considers what is due to himself, who accepts a tusk (on whatever terms) without a fixed determination, ccst what it may, to j»rform that task effectually. A reso lute adherence to this principle would soon lead to impor tant results, for auditors of any eminence would either free ? themselves from the most mutious and responsible of their professional duties, or they would enforce the payment of 1 jiii adequate fee. — The Accountant. j Gustave Makoteau. — It is announced from New ' Caledonia that Gustave Mnroteau died of consumption a short time ago. This intelligence, although it purports to be a mere record of the death of an obscure Communal 1st prisoner, conceals a sad drama. Gustave Mnroteau was barely twenty-five years of age at the time of his death ; he was jj. young writer of brilliant promise. At eighteen he bad written poems on which Victor Hugo bestowed the highest culogium, and in the Press he had rapidly m.ide LiB way. He joined the insurgents when the insurrection , of the Commune broke out; and although he took no active part in the struggle, he plied the pen with feverish and almost diseased energy as long as the battle lasted. Maroteau was taken prisoner after tlie entrance of the Versailles troops in Paris ; he narrowly escaped being shot without trial. He was in his twentieth year. Arraigned before a court-martial, the unfortunate young man wap sentenced to death. He was j already suffering from consumption ; and partly for that, partly on account of his young age, he was spared, but only to be sent for. life to New Caledonia, not as a political pri soner, but as a common felon. When he arrived in the convict settlement no indulgence was shown to the dying ' boy ; be was placed among the worst criminals, set to hard labour under a scorching sun, and, it really appears, sys tematically killed. His sufferings are now over ; but his death forcibly reminds us that there are many whose offences were committed with the pen who are now under going the same barbarous treatment To treat certain poli tical prisoners as common convicts^ras never resorted to, even Dy Napoleon III. The court- martials that, sat in judgment on the conquered Conwnunalists changed this, and the consequence is that a considerable number of men aie undergoing a punishment beside which death must ap pear to them a relief. — Examiner. 'Spirit' Photography.— Mr. Ernest Lacan, in the Photographic News, recounts a most amusing episode re ferring to a celebrated ' spirit ' photographer in Paris : — 'Notwithstanding some severe strictures had appeared in the public journals referring to this deceptive enterprise, it seems that a very large trade has been doing in these wares for some time past. So large had the affair become of late that the police stepped in to pyta stop to speculations which rested solely upon the credulity of purchasers. As I announced some weeks ago, the Prefecture of Polic* has now a studio of its own, and thus it is enabled to appreciate 7 and understand very readily any photographic matters wliich come under its attention. A commissary of police, accompanied by one of the photographic staff, presented himself, therefore, one morning at the studio of the spirit photographer, and these customei-s desired that their portraits might be taken accompanied by a spectre. The artist poEed one of them, focusscd, and then, under pretence ' of invoking a spirit, he asked his visitors to withdraw and step for a while in the waiting-room. After an absence of ten minutes the photographer called them back again, and begged the model to take his place again. In stead of doing so, however, the commissary of police pro duced his badge of office, and introducing himself and his friend under their real titles called upon the ' medium ' to acknowledge his trickery. It was no good refusing under .these circumstances, and the operator, withdrawing his dark slide again from the camera, attended the two police officers into the dark room, where he developed before their i eyes a very weak image, which had been impressed upon tne plate during their absence, of a little figure made up like a ghost. If the operator had not been arrested in time, a- portrait would have been produced beside the ghostly v figure, and a 1 spirit photograph ' would have been the ' result. In an adjoining room were found quite a collection ;? of draped dolls, more or less like great men that have de ij parted this life, which were used as the occasion served. Quite a store-cupboard full of spirits was discovered. At : this moment, the ingenious but misguided photographer in r question is under orders to present himself before the Paris tribunal to answer a charge of swindling the public.' 'Interviewing,' as practised by American journalists ' (says the Athenmmt), is taking a new shape. They are now adopting' the plan of ' interviewing' one another. A Mr. Charles F. Wingate has been kind enough to go still further, and to 'interview' editors in all parts of Europe and America for the last five years. He will, in a fort, night or so, publish his experiences to the world in the form of a thick volume, entitled ' Views%and Interviews.' ?y = Amongst other things it is announced— whether with Mr. ; Wingate's authority or not, we do not know— that 'the ? author has also had the privilege of conscientiously inter Z viewing' the editors of what we are told are the leading f. London papers, 'the Daily Telegraph, Church * Times, | SelCs Ztfe, Standard, Morning Post, Reynolds? s Mis. cellony, Punch, Illustrated London News , and ( horrible ?3;: dictu !J the Athenaum.' This is alarming, but there is f. . worse to come, for an ingenious person who lives at » ?. Chicago has, it seems, been for some time busy writing the ' ' biographies and collecting the autographs and the photo ,v graphs of all the English members of the unfortunate class which has been the object of Mr. Wingate's attgnHnna ,? This second tormentor is going to publish the results of f . his researches in a book called ' The Composing Stick.' ftKB Wbitdjo. — Caverly is employing somebody on . the Age who has remarkable capabilities in the way of fine ?writing. Just hear him : — ' The line of deviation from a r;: level of non- occurrence, instead of observing some more or p ' l less conformity to a normal curve, appears to take the ' r shape of an irregular undulation, broken at equally irre fc. solar intervals by unexpected acclivities.' Now, you * wouldn't imagine thatjbe was writing about ' Tbe Surplus Rcmwvc Question.'— would you r But that's what he was doing, and what be meant to say was, that sometimes fire insurance companies Jose more than they do at other times. A very common-place thought, that ; bnt bow charmingly has the Age man disguised it ! Ah, it is a great ihinp- to be a line writer. — The Herald (Chicago). Diskakli and the Spltan.— The quidnuncs havegot hold of an interesting conversation which is reported to have passed between Mr. Disraeli and the Sultan of Zanzi bar at Sunday's interview. After a short conversation, Dr. Badger, who was acting as interpreter, said ' His Highness wishes to know whether in this conntry the grand vizier exercises his office in daily fear of poison or the dagger?' 'Ho,' answered the Prime Minister; ' people do not envy him his office ; thev simply pity him.' Dr. Badger translated the sentence. There was a pause. Suddenly the face of the Sultan was -lit up by a hearty smile. ' Ah,' he said, ' I see ; youare a very clever grand viir.ier.' 