Ou Unmarried Women. Girls aro the odour of violets ia the gardon of life — that is, I mean to Bay, unmarried women aro thin and tall, eighteen yoars old, wear long black hair, and smile continually. Largo numbers of them are to bo seen under sunshades in summer timo. If due caution be observed they; may be approached' with comparative safety, but thero should always be two feet ten inches between' the spectator and them. They carry dangerous im nlamnntH of warfare called lasRon liv wliii».li thpu catch men, and after the capturo they sbut their captives up in a horrid round dungeon oallsd tho ' domestic circle.' They are so cunning in the use of their weapon that one bLouIg never done the eyes while near thorn lost they take the oppor tunity to use it. . I once knew a man who closed one eye and the oonsequenoes were terrible. He was caught, fried on a slow firo called 'the flame,' and when re dtfeed to the last extremity, calmly devoured by a rapacious mother-in-law. Whoa I think of this it makes me shudder. ' Girls, like the sunlight, make all things puro where thoy come— ahem I ; '. . I should Bay unmarried, women paint. cauliflowers in water colors, speak an unknown language which they call French, and. play for six hoars a day on pianos with loose wires. They read poetry and write .only one ','a'separat8. They stitoh gold braid on blue caps and give the caps to bazaars. They cannot stew tripe or fry beefsteaks, and they believe that geese feed' on potatoes and onions. They bathe their faces in vitroil to inako thorn look ptetty. Girls are to life what the fountains aro to tho sierras, the spot on whioh tho eye loves to dwell— I don't mean that. . . .? , I mean unmarried women are always kind to children Bud fondlo them when you are by, they hare no guile in their hearts, nor do they, harbour any designs When liioy are spoken to they look away and bond their necks. - This often makes strong men so weak in their legs and so queer in the bead, that they fall on their kneos and repeat things whioh they have board in novels. I onoo knew a man who did this, and bo nevor was seon to smile or play the concertina afterwards. The voiooa of girls are liko the songs of larks in May: — they seem to toll us news that is wonderful and good. : . ? Oh, dear I Unmarried women talk and sigh a great deal, and like to walk under the mooon, which is unwholesome: If you have tbo least respect for yourself never walk undor the moon with an unmarried woman ; it is euio to bring on . poetry. I onco knew a man who did this. He got bad with poetry, and used' to rush about a' small sitting-room with bis hands twisted. in his hair/shouting out something about 'June,' and 'had a line,1' and 'the moon,' and 'Madaline.' He never recovered, bat bia'siokness took another form, and he is now a.pbilantrophist. i ' ? ? ' Gir'a are the alchemists of tlio social order — they take hearts of base metal and change them into gold. . . . Ah, me I Uomarried women drink and eat ottar of roses and shilling pots of oold cream. They go to, parties, and dance until nine o'clock in the morning. The exorcise mekos thorn very healthy. Thoy keep albums, and always ask you. for yonr photograph. Thoy nevor have anything in their pookct oxaopt an old silver thimble, tho bone top of a sunshade, and a piece of lemon-oandy. Girls are to inon ia lilo what c7jo oases are to tho wunderor of tho dusart, at onoo a goal and a starting point. . . . alack I whut am I Buying ? Unmarried women hare two tompors; ono may bo obaurved when thoy walk ia tho publio promenades, tho other whou thoy throw knito* and forks , at the . heads of .their- brothers and; 'siatorai'1'^'; '.?.'.''' '' ''' ' ?''?'?'?? ' ' . They are not at-all fond of fino 'clothes, but' they like to,, be neat. They1.,wear,,car-/ingsi nut beonujo they, like them, but because tyrannical lavhors iiiBiat on thoir doing bo. If they are pretty they do not cure about going out, but wish .to romuin. in doors dusting tho pictures and tho ohimnoy ornaments' Thoy boast of prudencp, and toll you how they can make a little money go a long way. They kiss ono mnoiber whon thoy meet and when they part. When ono happens to bo protty, the others who aro uot pretty love her better than anything else in tho world, and they delight iu sayiny graceful things of her. ' . . Girls aro like the sweet, cool morning, full of promiso to the Jioatt. ... . . No! No! When unmarried women get lotfors from, un- married men they sometimes oonio nnd show the lottors to judge's.' This makes the judges very angry, so thoy. pufon their top coats und' go to aome man's house and say, ' Hd-ho ! Ha-ha!'. in a dreadful voice, and the man- comos out nnd gives the judges fivo hundred pounds. The judges com'o back and hand the money to the unmarried womomon, who laugh and cry for joy, and then go and set up shops for the sale of eggs aud butler' .''?'' Girls aro to men liko a clarion oallto war-horses ?—they make men watchful, ond attentive. . .. .But no, not at all 1 Unmarried women whon they wear rings on their first fingers become very quiet. They buy a lot of thiDgs at milliners', and their hearts grow bo opon that they fall to pitying all other unmarried women. At this time tboy are often studying a kind of catechism iu which the words ' I'do' occur very ofton. This raakos them molnnchoty. They seldom go out : but occupy themsel»e3 iD paoking up trunks, burning, letters, and trying on : dresses. .'?,?? Girls are tho sweetest and— I mean to say that is, unmarried women wear — :that ia, don't woarbouquets and other lovely — I moan thoy. are uuriiugs — wuo sit on onairs ana uo everytmng doliRhtfully, and make the ; hoart glad— that is, atrociously, and mako the heart griore — of course, tambour work and all that 1 Thoy rob life of half its bitterness— sweetness. , . I solemnly protost that what I intended to sny is, that they, seldom bebome mad or— or but often make men mad, and aro the only thing worth caring for in this world dxcept salmon. ' ' . . .1 can endaro it no longer {. Thero is somothiag under the' watchpocket of my waistcoat ! I fear tho' struggle' has shaken my reason ! It is hard to bo calm always 1 . . . ,! P.S. — I am sorry lor all this. Profoundly sorry. Any lady, who desires to see me in Borrow may seo; my agonised countenance between tho hours of twelvo and three every day (Sundays expopted) for the small charge of Bixponce. From four to ' six I may bo seen in tears — entr&noo; One Shilling. N B.— No widows admitted to tho later exhibi tion. — Emmanuul Kink. An Extrordinaey.. Irish Ghost. — The Belfast Newsletter obntains a long account of the doing8_ at Cookstown, who seems to claim affinity with tho pestilent :myatorious8tone-thr6w£rs, of Clerkoawellj London. The Cookstown 'visitant proceeds with his work of destruction as vigo rously as ever,- setting at defiance all efforts to d'scover tho cause. A slight, rustlo is beard in tho sitting rooms, and it is discovered that a pair of. window curtains is destroyed, as if a handful had been torn from the middle of each. | A hat is laid down, and in a ion minuteB.it is found with the brim oat through to the band, .and, torn away on eaoh sidt. A pair of boots is missing, and discovered in the garden backed into pieoea. Tbo natural conseqadnoo of tbo oontinuanco of this miserablo buBinoss is that people aro [relaps ing into old superstitious notions, of a hundred . years ago.. Old gbost stories that used to eDtor tain our grandfathers whou they were children are revived and circulated, and children run from the deopening gloom of tbo evoning and, tako up tticir stations in the chimney corner. The ghost, tbo correspondent says, bids fair to hold 'its present .localo strictly in accordance with, the terms of its first announcement — namoly, for the space. of , a .year and a day. By the way, this notice was affixed to the door of its .inhabitation for the timo . being, and consisted of a jsbeot of paper, on which tbo hand writing bbro liamistake able resemblance to tho oaligrapby done, by an expert buman hand. Shortly aftoi the appearance of this .intimation, it would seem as if it bad chnnged its ghostly mind, as a similar scrap of paper fastonod to tho door of 'a houao nearer «he centre of the town conveyed tho dismal tidings to tho terrified 'occupants that it proposed taking. Dp its quarters with them, but up to the present' time the promise* has not been redeemed: No doubt it will keep its word, and when cast abroad upon the world from its present abodo will hold them in dutiful remombranoo. A few days ago a ciroumstaaco.'or, to speak in'spirUu alistic language, a manifestation occurred, which aome imagine confutes tho idea of a ghost alto gether. A wearing ooat and a pair of boots were loekod up for the night to mako cortain of their porfoct safety for (ho next day's uso, so for as lock aud key could guarantee it. , When produced in tho morning aud examined no marks of their h&ving.been; tampered with were apporont. The owner, a» any other porson would do, I proeumo, thoughtlessly laid ouo of tho boots by his side on the floor whilu ho drew tbo othor on ; lol when ho lifted it again the upper pnrt was out away, Tho ooat had bi'en thrown on a cbuir to Wait its turn, but when tatou up wnn found to bo minus u eleovo. The inferenco from rfcat its tdut so long as anything is well seouiod it is out of dungor, or whon it is out of llio roaoh of human liuods tho ({host doeu not hurt it. Tint moro a mini hurj to do, Hio moro Ijo findu hiniHulf cbji'j !-lo of dyiu/;, even boyoml tho diroct tiihk. \, A Distinguished Foiieigneu. — Thero has arrived, it is Wid, within tbo last day or two ;ia London a Persian gentleroanofgrcat. distinction, by name Mahommed Mirza, tho horo of a terrible. aiven'uro. Whether his bra'ti bus beec turned by reading ' Mcnte Ghristo' or modern sensa tionalist novelists, whether ho was led. away by rcmiuisconcos of tho ' Arabian Nights,' or whether tbo sub'imo Tuppor, translated into Ibo inngunRO of Hafiz; had been too much for him, Iihb not been revoaled. It may havo buon simply bis doBiro to add another puge to tho list of woman's wrongs that led him, fired like Mr Pickwick with o sense of purity and doty, into places whero ho hud no business. Anyhow he was disoovored in the hnrcm of a high functionary : of Sbiroz, and was condemned by that amiable 'porsonaRO to- the punishment of tho sack. , This peculiar kind. of punishment -involves proceedings that ought to be very interesting to the; naturalist The patient is eewn up in a sack in company with n viper, a cock, nnd a cat. Thoy remain on land together for an hour, and are then thrown into the water- Tbo viper is intelligible enough, but to the unprofessional mind tho cock and the cat would hardly do muqb damage. Mohammed Mirza had good reasons for thinking differently, for he succeeded in concealing a knife about hia person, and directly be was sewn lip ' accounted,'' ns the Yankees say, for the viper. Ho then . killed tho cook and the cat, and for tbo hour he remained on land imitated, it nppoars with great success, the cries ot' a oock and a cat engaged in mortal combat. This feat alone wou'd entitle him to respoet and consideration from those who are not bid onongh to have forgotten the simi!ar performances of Herr von Joel at Thackeray's ' Back Kitchen;' When the hoar had passed ho was thrown into the water, whero hiB know lodge of ' Monte Obristo' sorved him admirably Of coutbo be cat his. way out of the sack, and Bwam to the opposite bank accompanied by tbo arrows of his enemies. He happily escaped to Paris, and intends to honour this country by making it his residence. It is hardly necessary to suggest to bim the enormous fortune to be mado by an exhibition of the sack, tbo knife, and a cook's comb. '. . Explanatory— A Erench paper soys that, no1 one American in a hundred has a bandsomo oh in This is due to tho fact that so many of our fellow oitizens give nearly all their time to the cultivation of cheek. — American paper. ; . . Ail the men' who have done things well' in life have been remarkable :for decision of charac ter . ? ? . ' ? : : '?????„' 