A Cypher Telegram. (From the Argoty.) ANGLO-AMERICAN TELEGRAPH COMPANY. John Bolton & Co., Liverpool. To Preston, Banks, & Co., New Orleans. Kildare-Description-Scared-Ecuador-Pot \- Screamer - Shrimp - Betsy- Nameless_ Bobby - Bellona - Obscure - Numantia_ Rattletrap - Richard - Sackbut -Sally_ Salmon-Penholder. 10 words at 4s. 8d.*-C4 8s. 61. 2M-75. Time 2-25 p.m. i he above meanmgless and rather odd jumble of words is a literal copy of a cypher telegram, sent from a firm of cotton merchants in Liverpool to their agents and brokers in New Orleans. There is an old saying that one half the world does not know how the other half gets on. It is specially true with reference to the great cotton trade of Lancashire, of which the rest of England generally is in a. state of the most won- derful ignorance ; cotton, and all con" cerning it, excepting in the shape of i calico, being among the greatest and most inscrutable of mysteries to those not immediately concerned. Perhaps a glimpse behind the scenes into one of the curiosities of the cotton trade may not be without attraction to the unini- tiated. It must bc understood that cypher telegrams are totally distinct from cypher, or secret, writing ; the one being em- ployed solely for secrecy, without regard to length ; the other being contrived so as to condense .a message into as small a space and as few words as possible. The item for telegrams (or, as they are technically* called cablegrams) in a merchant's office is sometimes very serious, ofttimes amounting to one hundred pounds a week. The price per word being a consideration, the aim is to send as few words, and convey asy '\ much information, as possible. A great/ number of cypher codes are in use, composed generally of columns of words or figures (single letters are not allowed by the telegraph company) answering to every possible emergency. These codes are kept profoundly secret, and to prevent the clerk and employes in the offices i interpreting and divulging the message, a secret understanding often exists between the principals to read the cypher backwards or forwards half a dozen words. The one from which the message above is taken is contained in a good-sized book, and presents the most unintelligible aspect to an outsider. Indeed, such a queer combination of words as " scared, pot, screamer, Bobby, and shrimp" might lead one to the con- clusion that the cotton merchants were given to indulge in an eccentric species of wit, peculiar to themselves ; but the words have a stem significance that means "business," and woe to the un- wary mortal who should venture to sug- gest that the ghost of a joke lurked in their unsuspectnig syllables. They form a cypher telegram of the most undenting "business aspect," even the diminutive "shrimp" bearing a grim message of special intelligence ; and the very ult Kildare Description Scared sentimental Christian names, answering j to the names of various firms, who are wont to be addressed by much more respectful titles. It is necessary to take notice that the cotton bought by cable is still in America or on the sea ; in fact, it is often bought, re-sold, and re-bought again perhaps half a dozen times before it ever touches the shores of England. The translation of the telegram given above is as follows : fWe have sold to Kingston and Co., Preston, 500 bales (ot cotton) at lid. (per lb.), good quality, colour, and staple. Terms laid down by steamer, bills of lading to bo sent through MesBrs. Baring Brothers. (Buy for John Smith and Co,, 2*T*°* i long, oven staple ; interior lct I bales will be rejected. Ship i by steamer. Í Execute this order, if possible ; < it may lead to a large busi ( ness. BUJ:_( Do not insure for Brown and BdsV 1 Co'' wffl Bttend *" their * { own. ("Bush and Wilson are not satis ! ned with their lot ; it is not Nameless j up to the mark. Cse more Bobby 1 care. Take special care to I no bales showing sticks or I sand.f !Yonr letter is not to band; if important, cable particu- lars. The Numantia is making a long voyage: fears are en- tertained of her safety. Is James Rochdale good? and to what amount 1 Sharp "salTvV ) is speculating. Be careful * ( with him. Salmon < The Manchester market is ex Penholder i cited and rising rapidly. This cablegram is a fair specimen of the kinds that are daily passing by hundreds through the Atlantic cable. Their journey is not only very long, but very circuitous. A message from Liverpool to New Orleans goes first to London, from thence back to Holy- head and across the Irish Sea to Dublin ; from Dublin to Valentia, the little rocky promontory washed by the everlasting billows of the Atlantic. Here the Atlantic cable really begins, %nd the message flies two thousand miles under the ocean to Cape Race, a wild head- land in Newfoundland. Its submarine career is not even yet ended, for from Cape Race to Cape Breton there are fifty miles of sea to be traversed. From Cape Breton the telegram is forwarded to New York, and from thence across some thousand miles of American prairie and forest land, till at last it reaches its destination, New Orleans. The .total of its journeyings to and fro is aboiit five thousand miles. The time which is taken by one of these travelled .telegrams varies very much according to the state of business on the main lines, the Atlantic telegram having to wait its tum with other telegrams going shorter distances. Could the whole line be cleared from Liverpool to New Orleans, the time occupied would be merely the necessary delay at certain places to read the message and re- telegraph it onwards. Almost the shortest message on record is one that was despatched about six o'clock in the evening from Liverpool to New Orleans, to which an answer was i returned before ten o'clock the same j night, which considering the round- about route and frequent stoppages, was wonderfully quick. The favourite time of day for tele- graphing is about two o'clock, and for a very sigmficent and curious reason. The time in New Orleans is six hours behind ours in England, so that a telegram sent from from here about one or two p.m. reaches New Orleans about nine or ten in die morning of the same day. Thus the merchants in Liverpool and Man- chester have time to collect their orders in tile forenoon and cable them out to their agents in time for the beginning of morning business in New Orleans. In reference to this natural phenome- non, the Americans say that "As usual they get the better of John Bull, for they know the morning before what the Britishers do in die afternoon next day." * Sinos writing the above, tarin" hu bees reduced to it. ai. pr word. t A. tabaccoiKKich, a doll'« frock, a piero of sugar- cane, and a verv large conUrede, nave 'et-n foundin one vale; so thia précaution la not unnecessary. 