iftt&enaneoud; <&Ieantn;&& (Fron the Papers.) The Dress Question — From Mother Eve Till Now — Unfortunately, it seems that the new fashions require still more material than ever. When the Creator made woman, he placed in her umbrageous dressing-room fig leaves and vine leaves against the (lay. when coquettry should lead her to finery. Dresses in those days did not ruin hus bands, but the women were not less fair when they bathed their bare, feet in the dew, with only their hair for umbrellas. But there came a time when it was decided that the business of woman was to spin wool. Soon she had slaves to turn her spinning-wheel, and already the poets began their tirades. But it was far worse when the women passed from wool to silk, and then began to embroider figures and flowers in gold. The prices of the dresses of ancient queens and courtesians already made a pretty contrast with that of the fig leaf. But at least, in antiquity and the middle ages, a fine dress lasted a long time. The historians tell us that gala robes re-ap peared on every great occasion ; the dresses of great grandmothers were worn. To-day mifniiAnc nnrl rrwirf octane wffar crowns but once. They would think themselves dishonored if they did not change their clothes every day, even as nature changes its vesture. On Friday, says the ' Goulburn Herald,' was a very windy day in Goulburn, and owing to the clouds of dust was extremely disagreeable. Mr. Jobson drove up to Mr. Finlay's sale- yards, and while the sale was going on took out his horse, leaving the buggy standing on the hill-side. When the sale was over, the vehicle- was not to be seen, and on search -being- made, was found in a sort of creek or gutter,. where it had been blown by the wind with one of the shafts broken. The excitement under the verandah yesterday, says the ' Melbourne Telegraph ' of the 24th September, has not been equalled since the palmy days of the Sandhurst fever, when scrip -and share quotations occupied the attention of the crowd that blocks Collins-street at this par ticular spot. The first symptoms of the Magdala fever were shown at an early hour this morning, brokers, jobbers, and other buyers making a steady rush for a share in this last golden prize, which is to make the fortune of all interested. Opening at £ 4 15s., in an hour they advanced to £5 r5s. by noon to £6, and before lunch time was called £1 per share was paid, and later sales show a still further advance. Glancing back a fortnight, the value of the mine, calcu lated upon the saleable price of its shares, shows nn arfv'inr'P from -C n r\r\r\ fr /in nfin. An army of dogs— As many as 9000 dogs had been registered at the Central Police Office at the close of business on Thursday afternoon. Yesterday, when the new Act, with an increased fee, came into operation, business was not quite so brisk. — 'Herald.' The ' Murrurundi Times '.states — At a. small village in the neighbourhood of Newcastle a man who was travelling with family Bibles happened to. call at the house of a miner, when the follow ing conversation ensued : — Traveller : " Are you in the want of a family Bible ? " Miner's wife : "Wev, hinney, what's the use o' me buyin' a family Bible, when wor Geordie gets the ' Chronikil ' Ivery week wiv all the .news o' the world irit?" A butcher, named Lerch, residing at Linden, near Hanover, has been condemned to two years7 imprisonment for gross negligence. His offence was the selling of a quantity of trichinised meat, which caused the illness of about four hundred persons, and the deaths of more than fifty. — ' British Medical Journal.' An elderly couple went into a pawnbroker's shop in Walsal a few days ago to buy a wedding ring to join them together in the bands of holy matrimony. The intended bride stated that her age was 84 years, and that she waited 45 years for her husband (who had recently buried his late wife), his age being 95 years. The Detriot ' Free Press' says: A Virginia' sheriff asked a murderer if he wanted to make a speech on the gallows, and the man replied, " Guess not ; it looks like rain, and I don't want to get wet : go on with the hanging." The Freemason's Lodge " Burdett Coutts " (No. 1278 in the Grand Lodge of Englandsi oils) have recieved the intimation through Colonel Burdett that the Baroness intends to add to her presentation of a magnificent Bible, which she gave to the lodge some time ago, a set of the " chairs of order " — namely, for the master and wardens. The brethren have thankfully accepted the offer, and the presentation will be made by the Baroness in person at a meeting of the lodge the members, by the dispensation of his Royal Highness the Grand Master, being allowed on the occasion to wear " clothing." The- Baroness, in her letter to the lodge, having reognised the charitable disposition of the craft, has expressed her earnest desire to be a co-worker with Free masonry. The brethren of the lodge will entertain the Baroness at a repast, and this will be the first occasion in England in which a lady has been present when lodge " furniture," as such, has been in the room. The London newspapers are full of a case which has been furnishing work for the Eccle siastical Courts, and laughter for the public. . Mr. Henry Jenkins sued the Rev. F. Smith, because that austere clergyman, refused to administer the Sacrament to him — a refusal which the plaintiff seems to have taken very much to heart. This wonderful case came on for trial before that equally wonderful relic of barbarism known as the "Arches Court," and was decided by that super-eminently wonderful remnant of old fashioned superstitution, known as the Dean of the Arches. This Court, and this Judge, be it known, form one of the last remaining evidences of the clerical system of jurisprudence which formTly flourished in England. It is a tribunal for rfioral offences— to try souls instead of bodies— held as the phrase goes 'pro salute anima' ; and meant to keep sinners from openly rebelling against the doctrines of the Church. The Rev. Favel Smith refused to admit Mr. Jenkins to the Com- munion lame, Decause me saia ivxr. Jen kins had. written letters to newspapers about the Bible, and had even printed an expurgated edition of the Bible for family use. . Mr. Jenkins thought that some parts of the " word " were not decent reading for his daughters, and so dispensed with them. But the Rev. Favel Smith would not per mit his parishioner the exercise ofsuchi discretion, and so put the worthy gentleman under a ban, and deprived hi'm of his sacra mental refreshment. Mr. Jenkins did riot like to be done out of his bread and wine in that way ; and so brought an action against the parson to compel him to stand treat as before. The Dean of Arches, how ever, who tried the case, and whose judg ment is fully reported in the 4 Times' of July 17th, 1875, held that the Rev. Smith was right, and the irreverent Jenkins conse quently wrong. Therefore Jenkins is to have no more bread and wine ; therefore Jenkins is no longer to be a partaker of Jesus ; therefore Jenkins has to submit (in the estimation of the Dean of Arches) to full and effective and eternal damnation. This seems to us a cruel sentence to inflict upoq as man, for simply paying regard to decency.— Stockwhip.' new niuci leciu liduu un me imuts. ui England, the ' Liverpool Courier ' says, is serioilsly believed to be in progress on a gigantic scale. Disclosures have been made which' put the case in this way: — Some millions of counterfeit notes of the Banks of England and France are to be taken to New York and put in circulation through a banker in that. city. As regards the Bank of England paper, the counterfeits are said to be exactly the same as the genuine material, and as the eyes of the experts will thus be of no avail, the scheme of issuing notes abroad is ingenious, since the chief, and perhaps only, mode of detecting the spurious notes would be a comparison of the figures with the Bank of England lists. Be that as it may, a warning has gone forth from the Department of State at Washington, and the scheme may be nipped in the bud ; otherwise the conse quences of the issue of such a quantity of counterfeit notes among the public of New York would be disastrous. A great fraud of the kind is hardly possible in England, for the reason that we have the means of detecting as above mentioned, but a small suspicion of the value of .Bank of England notes there would suffice to cause sach a rush to exchange them for gold as would shake the money market terribly. The " smashers " are said to have their head- miarWc af- "Rrrlnna wlifnrp havr have already issued bad gold coins and counterfeit 20 franc notes. An official denial is given to a statement made by some newspapers that the Duke of Edinburgh had ceded to the Emperor of Germany his hereditary claims to the Thro 11 e of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. The state ment is characterised as a wilful invention devoid of any foundation. The divers have got up two kegs con taining £20,000 from the Schiller. — ' Euro pean Mail.' I was not present at the discussion the other evening at the Royal on the " Free, Compulsory, and Secular Education Ques tion," : but I hear that the debate, which was led by a celebrated member of Parlia ment who is responsible for the addition to our political literature of the phrases "Cookaburra" and "Rosella," was very smartly conducted — in fact, carried on with an eloquence which would charm" the heart of a member of a debating class. I was, however, present at the Court House on Tuesday, and there I heard, in a simple telling way, an argument in favor of com pulsory education, which I am sure would put in the shade all that was advanced at the Royal. A youth — with eyes piercingly black enough to make the fortune of an opera singer — stepped into the box, and the following dialogue between him and the presiding justice took place: — Magis trate : Can you read and write ? Boy (gruffly): No. Magistrate: Have you ever fn OIiaaI ? Pnir /ctinrnliri \Tr Magistrate : Do you ever say any prayers ? Boy (astonished) : No — a ! Magistrate : Do you ever go to Church ? Boy (opening his eyes and looking at the magistrate as if he doubted his sanity) : No — a ! Magis trate : If you tell lies what will become of you ? Boy (with a malicious twinkle) : Go to hell! Spectators laugh — policemen, thinking the boy has been guilty of grave contempt of Court, are ready to spring on him — and the magistrate, though the reply, was so ambiguous that it might be taken for an answer to the question, or a grave consigning of a J. P. to Hades — charitably took it for the former, and accepted the boy's testimony, which was sufficiently to the point to warrant the committal of the unfortunate imbecile in the dock. Does not this boy's case afford a better argument in favor of compulsory education than all the speeches heard during the last general election ? — ' Dubbo. Dispatch' When a life-long friend of Mrs. Lincoln went to her, lately, and told her plainly that she was insane and that her best friends felt it was best she should go to an asylum, the unfortunate woman said : — " It may be so ; and what if it is so, what Wonder is it ? Haven't I had enough cause to derange any woman's brain ? Did I not see my husband assassinated before my eyes ? Have I not been homeless for years, and have I not buried all my children with the exception of Robert ? Do you wonder that I am deranged." The death ot Mr. T. Macready is reported in the 'Fiji Times.' He was singularly remarkable for his enormous size, being twenty-eight stone in weight on the day of his death. His coffin could not be placed in the hearse, and it required fourteen strong men to carry it from the house. For many years Mr. Macready had never lain down, always taking his rest in a sitting posture. He was only forty-eight years of age, and his /I ao f n A ata A nf A 1« It is likely (says the ' Geelong Advertiser') that the manufacture of salt will become quite a thriving industry at Lake Victoria, near Queens- cliff The lake is situated half a mile from the beach;- is upwards of a mile in length, and from half to three-quarters of a-mile across, and does riot communicate in any way with Hobsoris Bay. .The water. has been tested and found to be won derfully., adapted for salt-making, being extremely salineand of .first-class quality. Extensive works have; been erected by one. company, and Mr. Harrison, the manager, is about to commence operations. A second company have had their plant conveyed from Warrnambool to Queehscliff by 'water, and are now engaged erecting their appliances. It is also stated that a third com pany is on the eve of being established. The ' Independent of the 28th ultimo states — The two rr.en Ryan and Fox — the latter with several aliases — who are now in the Bathurst Gaol unper committal, charged with stealing fourteen horses, the' property of Mr. M'Kenha, of the Forest, underwent an examination within the gaol on Friday' last, before the Police Magis trate, on additional charges of horse stealing, and were remarded till Thursday next. Sergeant Wood, who has so ably followed up this case, has already traced out fifteen more horses alleged to have been stolen by these apt -hands. The horses, thirty in number, have all found their legitimate owners. It will be in the memory of many of our readers that Sergeant Wood during the many years he was stationed at Diamond Swamp made horse stealing cases very rare in the Fish River and Meadow Flat districts. The ' North Otago Times ' says — Though perhaps not exactly rare, the publication of the deaths of persons who at the time were " alive and kicking," have not been quite common in New Zealand. Two or three instances of this kind of premature publication have occurred within a short time of each other, and they have been rather amusing. A few days ago the death, at six o'clock one evening, of a well-known gentleman, after a brief but severe illness, was reported in Wallace-town, Southland, and regrets were universally expressed in that town. The gentleman, who was well, lives a little distance in the country, and by chance did not visit town till the evening of the day after that on which he issaid tohavedied. His appearance there created a sensation, many who saw him firmly believing ,that it was his ghost that was walking. Another /story comes from Auckland, where a well known Captain Casey was reported to be dead, and the first person to contradict it was the undertaker who went to the house of the supposed deceased to measure him for his coffin, but found him comfortably drinking a glass of grog before a sea-coal. The undertaker scarcely believed his eyes, but his ears afforded corroborating testi mony, as Captain Casey said, " I am sorry I am not ready just- yet; I hope you havrit been in convenienced by coming up." News has been received of a find of extra- nr/inarnvr nnnrt-7 nf \fr\rricnn np.nr Arniidale. The Gay Geld Mining Company at Lunatic, have struck a very rich vein of quartz at 'a depth" of 25 feet, and have followed the vein down 14 feet. The stone appears to be better as they go down. , Eight hundred weight of, the specimens are on the road :o Sydney. A Methodist parson, called to preach in an out-of-the way town in California, was informed before entering the pulpit that he must be careful, as many of the assembled congregation were " roughs," and would not hesitate to disturb him if his remarks didn't suit. The. holy man made no reply, but having reached the desk, he took from his pockets two revolvers, and placing one on each side of the Bible, gave a sharp glance around the room and said, " Let us pray." A more orderly service was never conducted. A Naples paper gives the following informa tion relative to the annual revenues of some Italian cardinals. Each of the princes of the Church has an annual income of 3o,ooof. In addition, Cardinal Patrizi has 4o,ooof. as Car dinal Vicar of Rome and an equal sum from his benefices, without speaking of his large private fortune. Cardinal Amat draws iio,ooof. from his enormous benefices ; he possesses, besides, immense estates. Cardinal di Pietro receives 6o,ooof.. as Bishop of Albano, and an equal sum is allowed him by . Portugal. Cardinal Sacconi has a similar revenue to Di Pietro. De Lucapossesses an annual revenue of i5o,ooof. The/Casual dues alone bring in 4o,ooof. to Car dinal Bigarri. Berardi touches 5oo,o0of. a year. Chigi belongs to a very rich family. Franchi has a stipend of 60, ooof. besides a large pension from Spain. The 'Milwaukee News' says : — There was a young girl at the police station recently, not over sixteen, with prepossessing faGe and a good figure whose body and limbs are covered with scales about the size and similar in appearance to the scales of a fish. Medical gentlemen who have examined her say she presents the most extra ordinary case of malforrnation on record. The scales have the Chameleon-like function of changing color. The scales on her arm, while the writer was present, changed twice from a pale amber to blood- red, and back again. They do not overlie each other as in the case of fish or Teptiles, but appear to be more embedded in the flesh — -in a sort of mosaic work; and in color changes the transformation does not take place at once in all the imbricated plates bnt varies, some turning red, while others retain the amber color, which sepis %o be the primary hue. The 'Pall Mall Gazette' of July i2thisrespon- sible for the following heterodox utterances — " Woman appears to be competing with man most successfully at Liverpool, and at the police- court in that town on Friday she proved that in 4 aggravated assaults ' she is fast becoming his equal. One woman was committed for trial on a charge of fracturing the skull of a man with a poker; another was charged with inflicting a wound on the head with a' door-key; a third was sent to prison for an assault committed with a stone; and a fourth was reraahded on a charge of breaking the arm of a person who ungallantly refused to give her a penny towards a pint of beer. In Scotland, also, woman is not only treading close on the heels of man in the race towards perfection, but also tripping him up — or rather knocking him down. At Cupar Fife, last Thursday, a woman was committed to prison on the charge of ferociously assaulting her husband with an axe. She had, while her husband was engaged in an altercation with his mother-in-law, entered the house in a state of intoxication, and, stealthily approaching him from the rear, without any warning knocked him senseless .to the ground by a blow, with a heavy axe. Her womanly nature, however, displayed itself by not dancing on his prostrate body, or kicking him about the head and ribs with hob-nailed boots or wooden clogs. A man would certainly have acted thus, had the insensible victim on the ground been his own wife. There is a ' breadth in his views ' as to ruffianism "which is at present wanting in woman. As Channing truly . remarked, ' The grandeur of maris nature turns to insignificance all outward distinctions." It is proposed to erect a Chinese hospital at Cooktown. 