ODDS AND ENDS. . fiaom Crops— The gaol cut. Home Rule.— Petticoat government. ' . Is it right for young ladies to smoke ?— Yes ; there can be no harm in their taking a lady-like cigar — a Bhe-root for instance. . Romance op the Kitchen.— Cook (from the area) — " Oh, 'Liza, gi'e me my winigrette— I've 'ad a — holler — from the dustman ! !" ... " What comes after T?" asked' a teacher of a small pupil who was learning the alphabet. He received the bewildering reply, " You do— to see 'Liza." Quite Right, too !— Young Lady— " Well, now, and what did the Israelites do after they crossed the Red Sea ?" Sharp Girl (eagerly)— " Please, thoy put op their dry things !" Large quantities of Bonapartist photographs and brochures hare been seized at Dunkirk while being smuggled through the Custom House as Australian mutton and kangaroo-tail soup. Feminine Philosophy. — " Dear me, Mrs. Spriggs, how is it you always have such a tall,: big servant?" "Why, my dear, look at the ; saving ! One big one eats less than two little .ones !" Exaotlt So.— Charlie (engaged to Annie)— " Yes, we've been to hunt for fossils." Annie— " Don't you believe him, ma ; weVe been looking for Aunt Tabitha !" Mamma—' ' It's all the same, I daresay !'' A'-Fair Offer,— Athletic Barman Now, if you don't take yourself off, I'll precious soon turn you out!" Pat (with a yell)— "Tnr-r-rn me out ! Is it tur-r-rn me out ! Thin, bedad, come outside and tur-r-rn me out !" . .> \- " On which side of the platform is my train?" asked a stranger in a Jersey City depot the other day.' "Well, my friend," . replied a gentleman passing, "if you take the left, you'll be right-; if yon take tho right, you'll be left." . Our Maid-Servants. — Mistress (opening post- bag)— "Fourteen letters for you again to-day, Mary! I can't understand it." Mary — " Well, ma'am, I ought to have give you notice, but I hadvertised. You see how good servants is . sought after !" "The Way we Live Now."— Mamma (to hor eldest son: " My dear George, whore are your manners? You should always say ' Thank you !' , when anything is handed to you" George ."O, " bother haviDg to say 'Thanks' every tiuio, ma ! Can't a fellow have a season-ticket?" , A YOONa lady undertook to climb a ladder that had been left standing against the side cf her \- father's house, hat bwore she-hdd goce a quarter of'the way tip <F»to 'a ctowd assembled per- ceiving which, she began at once to descend, ob serving with much feeling, "Well, now, there ain't going to be no free circus hero this after noon, you bot." , Hardly Classical, — "Ye3, you may coma again next Sunday evening, Horace, deaf ; but — — " and she hesitated. What is it, darling ? Have I given you pain?'1 he asked, as she still1 remained silent. - "You' didn't moan to, I'm suro," she responded; "but next time xtleaso don't wear one of those collars with tho pointer turning outward ; they stick in one's check." 1 Rather Awkward.— Mr.- A.— "A . fine: day, '. Mrs. B." Mrs. B.— " Very fine, sir : .atid- (ia''a); ' . lower key) how is Mrs. A. ?"' Mr, A. (not hearing the question)— " Yes, and a little suuny, too.j - Mrs. B. — " Oh; I am so glad ! Allow me to con- ; gratulate you. And how are thoy both getting; : on?" (Mr. A. Las to explain that he referred 60' the weather, and is glad to make his escape.) Say what you will, tho lifo, editorial' is not all! thorns. Here and thore. a . rose springs up, diffusing its odor throughout the sanctum, and,-, though many a dark and angry cloud floats athwart tho sky, yet it is not always without ita- silver lining. - How forcibly this is illustrated by the experience of an editor at Somerrille, Tenn,,/ wli A hftQ y#v>A«tlv ItAAn nrAaon+Ywl <rif.li ft 1t»dr/T' with two tails. — Louisville Courier -Journal. , iiLvivii ff isd l AAuli l&ulv; UUIdbeH orators iu the _ West indulge in some high-flown ' asseverations in regard to their firmness of prih-' ciple. The following is a moderate specimen.:— "Build a worm fence around the winter's supply of summer weather ; skim the clouds from tho sky with a teaspoon catch a thundercloud in o bladder ; break a hurricane to harness ; ground-'; sluice an earthquake; lasso an avalanehe j pifi a: napkin on tho crater of an active volcano— but never expect to see me false to my principles 1". Jones gave a lawyer a bill to be collected to tho ' amount of .30 dol. Calling for it after a while hoJ inquired if it had been collected. "Oh, yea 1", said the lawyer, " I have it all for you." "What, is the charge for collecting?'- "Oh !" said tho- lawyer laughing, " I'm not going to charge you why I have known you ever since you were a - baby, and your father beforo you ; 20 dol. will bo about right," handing over 10 dol. "Well," said" Jones, as he meditated upon the transaction, "It's very lucky ho didn't know my grand-" father, or I shouldn't have got anything." Courtship. — A bewildering definition of the word "courtship " was recently given by. a wit ness in an amusing breach of promise case." Tho counsel for the plaintiff remonstrated with tho witness for using the word. "I .am an old; bachelor," he, said, "and don't understand court-', ship. 'How is "it done? "What is courtship?'' The .witness, who, being a married, lady, might reasonably be expected to answer by the 'light of her own experience, defined it thus " Looking at each other, taking hold of each other's hands/"' and all that kind of thing." . r A Negro's Feet.— In this town there is an old lymphatic negro who has wonderful large feet and is always ready to take a rest. One day," while lying upon the cabin floor slumbering,' with hirf 'feet presented to a glimmering fire, he opened one eye a little, and getting a glimpse of the dark objects, he mistook thOni" for two little negroeB,. " and cried out, " Get fum fore me, Isay ! kick yoii in the fire if you don't — I will, shuah !" and-agaifl hq snored. His dreams not being pleasant," hd finally opened his eyes, and still seeing the pests, heidrew up hi3 feet for the threatened kick, but alarmed to see the enemy advance upon him, -bel- . lowed out. " Wha-war vou comin' now ? — Go wav dar!" — Augusta (Me.) Sentinel. Josh Billings bad become sentimental on tha honey bee. He sent tho .following to the last spelling bee in his locality ."The hunny bee is about 10 times the sizo of. the hous fly — I never meazured them— they Won't standstill longennff,' but i think i hav got their dimenshuns about right. If i bav made a blunder in this matter, i am . ready to repent and be forgiven for it. Hunny bees are built with a sting, which is quicker than a ghost when a good kizziness chance offers.; but, i never knu one to use it just for the devilry of the thing.. Hunny bees have a queen, but never a king ; this is a lcorapliment to the sex, and is an argument for ' Wimmin's Rights.' I luv the hnnny bees bekaiize they are allwuss bizzy, and bar a stinger allwuss hot and reddy for the lazy," A Square Deal all Round. — The following letter appears in the New York Times : — " I see by reading your paper that some of our Roman Catholic friends protest against paying taxes in support of the public schools, and want a portion of the taxes intended for school support devoted to maintaining schools, in which their own re ligious faith may be taught. I also see that: our German citizens protest against" tho exclusion of their language from the sohools, and ask that a great portion of the time now devoted to the English branches be devoted' to German. It will noo now be surprising if the ' Heathen Chinee' should bring forward bis language, ask that Con fucianism be: taught in our puplie Echqols, and that at least sir hour's per day be devoted to the study of their peculiar hieroglyphics. Now, Mr. Editor, I have a mild.protesc to make. I am one of that maligned cHbs known as the old bachelors, and therefore want my school tax re; mitted on the ground that I have no children/ and therefore have no use for the public schools. In the name of the brotherhood of old bachelors, I say let us have ' a square deal all round. " An Official "Sweep." — Apropos of a lata race, a good' tale comes from one of the West-End Government, offices. Like the clubs, writes a contemporary, they often get up what is familiarly known as an official "sweep," to which the highest as well . as the lowest clerk may subscribe. The head of a department which snail be nameless took two shares, and then went out of town for a few days." On his return, the day before the race, he found on his table two cards, on one of which, was written .. "The Duke of Parma," and on the other " Lord Clifton." He rang the bell for the' mes senger. " When did the Duke of Parma call here?" he inquired. "Don't know, sir." "Well, when did Lord Clifton come?" "Can't say, sir)" replied the messenger. "Very odd 1" said the chief, and forthwith he went to the second in command, and asked him whether he knew when the distinguished visitors h'ad called. "Duke of Parma?" observed the second in command, after a little consideration, " It must be the ex-Duke of Pama, I am sure I haven't a notion when they came." Thereupon the head. of . the department sent for his private secretary.' " Mr. Jones," said he he, "do you know anything about this? When did these gentlemen call? I have asked everybody/and nobody seems to have seen them." . For somq moments the private secretary's life was in dan ger : the betting was ten to one on his splitting his sides. At last, when he had somewhfit re covered, ho whispered, in a faint voice, " It's tho sweep, sir?" "Sweep, sir ! What sweep,' sir?" exclaimed the head' of the department, getting angry. "The official 'sweep,' sir." "Tho official sweep, sir !" cried the chief,- fairly losing his temper. " And how dare the official sweep, sir, come into my room and put cards upon my table with these names upon them?" At this juncture the betting was a hundred "to one against'the recovery of the private secretary, and for a second or two at least life was "supposed to be extinct. At last lie came round, 'ahd Ufo matter was explained.' Of conrso, tlie nfmea'.on the cards were simply 'those of the horses which had been drawn in toe." sSveep." . . Biitf'toe head .... of thfit department has' looked 4. trffie sadteTe - I flinrtA. Avid it'eAAmfi vnrv tlrtVliiLfni n!t DreS61I& (whether he willt'ry his look next feist.— English ' Paper, ' 