Miss Angel. CHAPTER XXXI. BY MISS THACKERAY. TEN years pass very slowly, very quickly too. The horison widens, our hopes grow fainter and more fixed, our possessions increase, diffuse into distant points—possessions that have waxed and grown and filled our heart*. Bome have ex tinguiahed hope in a reality far dearer than any visions, others die away. As time goes on we find out our narrow fetters, we discover our gifts, we learn how much we can bear, how k»g we can wait, how much we can forgive, how much forgiveness we need from others. Angelica had waited for ten years. To-day she was coming back to Lowdenham Court once more. Game back the same woman indeed, with the same pre- ocoupations that she had brought ten yean before. She was older—that was aIL She had been sorry and faithful and at work a little longer. Her pictures, alas! were not wonderfully better, though now and then some happy view, some fortunate subject resulted in a charming work that did the worker credit. She had her father stilL He wore his old cloak, that scarce looked shabbier. She had laid by a little money in all these years, and want was no longer at their door. Long, long ago she had repaid the- money Lady Diarnta lent her. Lady Diana was now a poor woman, comparatively speaking, for her husband had many expensive tastes and long-accumulated debts, which, how ever, did not greatly affect the happiness of a very united home. It was a real happiness to Angelica to see her friend. Some look of peace ful animation had come into that pale face, some brightening of material pride into those two pale eyes. Lord Henry admired and respected his wife's intellect, and was led by her com pletely. Her marriage was happier than that of her old friend and companion, Mrs, Darner. There are troubles in all estates, and Angel did not escape hers, with all the help of friends and the sympathy which came to her. One painful incident we read of, which troubled her greatly at the time. Her father felt the circum stance more keenly for her than she did for her self. "I would have answered yours im mediately, but I was engaged in business," she writes to someone who was accused of having libelled her. " I cannot^ conceive why several gentlemen who have never deceived me should now conspire to do so at this time ; and if they themselves were deceived, you cannot wonder that others should be deceived also, and take for satire that which you say was not intended. • I was actuated not only by my particular feelings, but a respect for the art and artists, and per suade myßelf that you cannot think it a great sacrifice to remove a picture that had even raised suspicion of disrespect to any person who never wished tcoffend you." Old John Joseph was indignant almost beyond words. This incident added to hu old trouble about leaving her unprotected and alone. Even little Rosa was gone now, for nhe married at seventeen, and the father and daughter were alone in the old house. It had been an old promise that they should spend Borne days with Lord Henry and Lady Diana. Angelica had been detained in London by one thing and another, and she and her father found themselves belated on the way. The coach had set them down at the nearest market town, and now they came driving through the darkness, scarcely knowing whither they were going, through dun fragrances and lights vanish ing and murmurs of once arching trees. The hones went slowly, stumbling up steep lanes blazing with stars. The great stars that night seemed dropping heavily from the high heavens, and flashing to meet the cool dark earth ; then from the lanes they came into chiller regions, wild commons, shivering with invigorating breezes. Angelica sat, half asleep, upon her coach box, watching the horses' drowsy progress, dimly absorbing the suggestions of the new country— the visions paaaing by. Those of her brain seemed almost more vivid than the realities, now that the last lights of sunset had died away be yond the bills. She was gone back to the past in some vague half denned way ; some vague call seemed to reach her now and then. When they stopped at last, they coulAear the cool roar of a torrent below, and then Angelica woke up, and John Joseph Bhivered and sighed. " Father, are you ill ?" she said. "Is anything amiss V " What should be amiss ?" said he, hastily, and as he spoke he patted her hand. Angelica thought bis tone was Btrange; but they had started off once more, and once more came visions mingling with the indistinct charm of the present, voices that she had heard long ago seemed speaking and awaking her from one dim delicious dream to another. They seemed to be journeying under a great torrent of stars, that swept the heavens. Once or twice Angelica thought she could hear the distant note of the sea sounding through all these vague night perfumes and mysteries. " Are you asleep, Angelica f' said old Kauff mann suddenly. " Are you warm my child— will you Bhare my cloak ? I have—l have been dreaming," he said ; " give me your hand. Ah ! • The right of repubUahing " Him Angel" has been pnreoftMd fy the proprietor U Tkt QtutmtUmtUr. lean stifl halifc. Jaa» isjj|nay^u be only the old doakkftto shield my child. Angelica, I lone %» be back in the tranquil old places, to hear the horns of the goatherds at Montegno. I think I could live a ottle longer there, and. my child I dread death, Ido not fear to die* and he looked round at tiie great starry night; "out thou, who art so easily led, so ill able to judge— ah ! it breaks my heart to leave thee alone. "Dearest," said Angelica do not talk in this sad way. Do not fear for me. I know life now; I know myself she said, a little tnrilly. " There is Bonomi, that good fellow, to advise." " Bonomi," said old K*nffrn»n t "he only thinks of Rosa from six in the morning until sixteen at night. Bonomi is no companion for my Angelica. Tou need a wiser, older man to rely upon ; one mature in spirit, tried in affection, my child. Cannot you think of some one whom we have known for long years, and tried and proved an honorable upwright man f " Are you Bpeaking of Antonio T' said Angelica, quietly. They had reached the end of the hill; a great sight of stars and purple blackneaa seemed to overflood beyond the line of the horizon. The driver climbed bis seat and cracked his whip ; the horses started at a swift gallop. " Father, Antonio is a good friend, and I am his good friend." Again old g*n<fn»«i«i sighs and shifts uneasily ; something has been in nig mind all day which he has not yet had the courage to break to his daughter. " I am afraid you are tired, father, said she. "They will find me changed, greatly changed, Angelica," he answered, very dolefully; " broken in body, ill in mind. Time was when a little journey such as this is would not have wearied me. Time passes, quick comes an end to strength ; who will take care of you, my child?" he repeated, wistfully. " Hush, hush, dearest," said Angelica putting her arms round him. "We shall soon be at our journey's end." "We are travelling to different places, Angelica," the old man asid solemnly. "Ithink I could go to my rest in peace if I oould leave you in some good man's care. Otherwise I know not how to die—that is the truth. Now, to leave you alone in thia great werid," and he looked about him at the night, the mysterious valley, the lights twinkling in the distance. "Oh, father," said Angelica, faltering; v would it make you happy ? how can I marry ? You know it is impossible. You, who know"— she drag doser and closer to him. The thought of parting from him came for the first time with a bitter piercing pang that she could not escape. Old Kauffmann had worked himself up into one of his nervous states of agitation ; he had not yet said all that was in his mind. "My child, I had not meant to tell you to-night what I have heard," he said; "but why should I delay ? sooner or later you must face a terrible memory." He took her hand. "You think yeurself still bound," he said, solemnly. " That unfortunate man is no more. As I left home a letter came to me from the village doctor who attended his but momenta. It is signed by the priest. He is dead. A gastric complaint, oom pilcated by symptoms of heart disease, carried him off after a few weeks' flmess." Then the old man's voice failed, and he began to cry, and H was Angelica'! turn to soothe him. He was changed and broken, as he had said. He began talking again rather excitedly about Italy, about his longing for warmth, for a little peace and ease before the end. " Let us go, father, said Angelica, abtently. M Why should not we go f' AHow can you and I, an old man and a weak woman, go alone all that long way t" cried John Joseph, pettishly. He scarcely knew what he was saying or what his daughter answered. All the stars were sinking in the black sky, the shadows passing like ghosts. All her past was pressing upon her, suffocating her, with strange reaction rolling up from the shadowy plains resounding with the far-away moan of the sea. It seemed but that minute that she had parted from him, from the man whose ring she-wore. "Dead, father," she repeated. ■ "Yes, he is dead at last, my child," John Joseph answered. "Ah!" she screamed, so strangely that the driver looked back, thinking she had called him. It was not grief she felt, it was not relief, it was scarcely emotion, it was a vivid awe-stricken sense of his presenae. Time was not. She heard the voice, saw tbe dark-cut face with its rigid lines. It was a recognition— not a death, but a sudden life, after this long and faithful separation. It was wonder and emotion and then a great burst of tears came at last to recall her to herself. They flowed as prayer unspoken for a little while. A few minutes more and they were passing through the old gates and fine avenues that led to Lowdenham Manor. Then came the dacsle of lights in the hall, and the cordial voice of Lady Diana greeting the travellers; hands to help them from their high perch ; wine, warmth, exclamations, how wearied they looked, what had happened ? " My dear creatures, you seem half dead, both of you," cries Lady Dl. " Angelica, is anything the matter ?" " I have just had some bad news," said Ange lica, " which has moved me very much." Lady Diana asked no more; led her friend to her own room, kissed her.and left her in quiet,and then Angel shut the door, fastened it close, and once more tears came to her relief, and she sobbed as if her heart would break. Some of her tears were grief, but others also flowed be cause grief was not. Grief was dead. It had dfed years before. Chafes XXXIL Lapy. Diana's" friend, Mrs. Darner, came over while Angelica was at the manor house; and it was here that the Kauffmann painted that charm ing portrait which is in Miss Johnston's posses aion, of a person whose name has since become more famous than it deserved. Anne. Conway waa now the wife of Mr. Dawaon Darner, the. man of the hundred waistcoats. Angelica finished the picture in London, and the painter and the model used to have many a discussion as they sat over their work. One day Mr. Reynolds came in, and fftflf"! ftnTn in hot debate. " Surely," cries Mrs. Darner, " surely an im pression, however conveyed, is more valuable to the painter than mere imitation. I can often work better and more rapidly from my own mental recollectians than by merely copying something which does not after all represent my idea." Here the painter overcame the man of the world. "My dear young lady, that is precisely what I meailt (if you wfll forgive the liberty) to impress upon you. With all your great gifts, your sweet impulsive industry, and admirable feeling, it is only the study of nature that can give any of us that mastery which we must all desire." He left the room soon after for a moment to speak to old Kauffmann. As he left, Mrs. Darner said, "I could not venture to dispute with Mr. Reynolds ; but there are times when I confess that I feel an if he—great as he is—were submitting to commonplace restrictions, instead of advancing on the road to Parnassus." "Is it not in Art as in other things ?" said Angelica, blushing. "Is it not by submitting most completely to the laws of truth that we best discover her intentions ? Do you know," she went on, " I seem to have found out of late that obediance is best ? Now, as I paint," she Baid, "sometimes, the more completely I can obey the color of your beautiful brown hair and the curve of your throat, the better my likeness will be." And in truth Angelica never painted a better picture than this chaining figure, languid and delicate, with clasped hands holding some flowers, which the young painter had placed in her sister's lap. Mr. Reynolds praised the port rait heartily. He had a special reason for being anxious that Angelica Bhould do credit to herself and her talent at this time. "Rules are no trammel to those who are working in the right direction ; they are only painful to those who endeavor to go against them," he said, addressing Mrs. Darner. " But surely," cried the lady, persisting, " there are two ways of seeing things. If you only copied the Bigns without interpreting, it would be like Pharoah's dream." " I am certain your pictures, Mr. Reynolds, would be vastly different to what they are, deficient in the grand air, which so especially belongs to them. Often, it seems to me, the originals themselves scarcely possess it in equal perfection." "Sometimes we are happy in our subjects, and they inspire us," said the painter, courte ously, with a little bow. " But I fear, m"l»«n. that I most hold to my guiding principle, and m^^L _^^^I^m _^^^^c. _a^^^^^^^^^. W^^v ■■»■ V*"WBHSWBSr 'VeXvSSBD >VB- fIMV VB] they MMir feean" "ik, ye« an* tight/ cried IngiMn, with •MM MBOtioO. *£•* OS be ealflS," A* Mid, excitedly. "L« us work and live tranquil and ■■shaken by the storms of passiooati and— tot, thankful that we have friends to guide us, and Up ua on the right way." Mr. Reynolds was greatly toadied by her sudden appeal. "Too, of all people," he amid, "ha** the right to count upon your friends; and it is not only upon friendship," he said, very kindly. " Prepare for distinction," he went on, smiling. "What do you mean, Mr. Reynold* r said AngeL v I mean that never was there an age in which art ftourished under more enlightened patrons or with more charming disciples," said Mr. Rey nolds, with a bow to the two wondering ladies. But he would not say more, nor could they guess to what he was alluding. Had Angel been alone, he would have told her. "The arts unrivalled shall remain, while George protects the polished brain," swum to have bean the chorus of those days. There are some curious details of George the Third and his patronage of literature and the arts. He wished to establish an " Order of Minerva," for literary and scientific characters. The knights were to take rank after the knights of the Bath, and wear a straw colored ribbon and star of six teen points. There was such an outcry among the litermti as to who should be appointed that the plan was given up, and Minerva and her star never came down amongst us." Another note tells as that the king objected to painting St Pauls as Popish practice. "Accordingly," says the note, M the moat clumsy heathen sculpture only decorate that edifice at present. It is for tunate that the paintings were spared, for never was painting and drawing so unsound m at that time. It is far better for our eyes to contem plate whitewash (when we turn them away from the parson) than to look at Opie's patchy can vases or FuselFs livid monsters. Tender to her father, faithful to her dream, loving to her friends, and willing at their call, Antonio, heard of her at one time in the com* pany of Lord Henry, that artistic soul, and he uttered some biting sarcasms, for which he was sorry almost as he spoke. He had seen but little of her all these years. For his own peace of mind he felt it best to keep away; and a strange and sad vexation, which has no place here, but which concerned one of the kind young ladies he had known so intimately (poor Kitty, who died of some secret grief, people said), make him morbidly averse to all women's society. One day Lord Henry's marriage was an nounced, which took the town by surprise. Lady W. had become more and more complicated, her sanaihilirias were almost unendurable, and she had discovered at last that even Lord Henry could not understand them. They had quarreled, and poor Diana bore the brunt, and tried in vain to explain the mysterious misunderstanding. Lord Henry, in his distress, found in her un selfish nature and warm kind heart a clue to the shadowy tangle. Her tenderness touched some genuine feeling mthe little Macearoni, who choose to confide in Angelica, and to be encouraged by her to hope. That very day when Angelica, read her name upon the scroll. Lady Diana accepted Lord Henry's offer. Meanwhile Ang»li«* lived on alone and at work, not unhappy, although days and hours came when 13e seemed long to her v to most people. Rossi, who loses no opportunity of prauing his friend, tolls uathat Angefica, besides her various accomplishments, was a woman of literary tastes and wide experience. Klopstock and Qesaner were among her correspondent*. Later in life we know how Goethe wrote of "that tender souL" When she read any noble historical anecdote, says her biographer, her face would brighten, her placid eyes would acquire a surprise mg vivacity. Ton could read in her speaking countenance all the passion, all the sublimity of tbe author. That evening Angelica was sitting in the studio. Little Rosa had fallen asleep in one of the big chairs. The faithful lamp was burning dim, the log was smouldering on the hearth, the room was warm and silent, the atmosphere serene. Angelica had opened her instrument and had been singing some snatches of Mozart, to whose musk her German soul responded. That tender melody between tears and laughter seemed at times to speak all the doubts and certainties of her indefinite life, so full, so void, to make things true to her to which no words belonged, to satisfy hopes that had no meaning. Surely music is the voice of that whole existence of indefinite things which are part of ourselves, feelings which have no relation to words. The song ended not in a chord, but in Mr. Reynolds, who came in to her music, breaking into the last few notes. " Your house looked so black and closed, and your stair bannisters so unresponsive," said he, " that I walked over here, fair lady, to see if your windows were alight, and if you had not a gleam of sympathy for a friend in your kind heart;" and then he told her in a few words what had happened to him. It was a happiness to Angelica to listen to u> story, and she made him tell her again and again what had been done, promising absolute secrecy. But there are hours .when sympathy is not al ways at command for those who claim no hand to share their fortunes, no special care to Baton to their story. In the midst of their ttte-A'tU the door opened, and old John Joseph came in, ushering another belated visitor—no leas a person than Lord Henry, of whom mention has been made. " Here is a gentleman who wants to consult you, my Angelica," said old Kauffounn, without seeing Mr. Reynolds ; and Lord Henry, with his conquering airs, advanced in all his usual confi dence. Mr. Reynolds soon took his leave. He had wanted her to hear what had befallen him and she had listened with sweet looks and interest Now he must give up his place in turn. " Pass on, pass on," says fate to Mr. Reynolds. " This was your will; pass on, pass on." The Society of *™»'g«initH Artists had existed for .many yean; but its spirit wm not that to which the tranquil Reynolds inclined. Anger, jealousies, depressions seemed to live as blasphemies against the creed they all professed. With all his quietness of nature, Reynolds could ill brook opposition. Noisy dissension was to him intolerable. The society had a way of selecting first one and then another victim for suspicion and persecution. At one of their annual meet ings they deliberately excluded sixteen of their best members from the council. A certain number of those who remained immediately re signed their posts. 111-feeling was great on each side. Mr. Moser was accused by some ; others defended him. It resulted in the proposal for instituting a new society, and daring Reynolds" absence in Paris this scheme grew and gained ground. Moser, Chambers, and West, waited on the King, with propositions and outlines for new academies of arts to be instituted in London. When Mr. Reynolds returned from abroad he found the whole thing in train. The officers were named, a great meeting was convened. West came to request his presence at M c house, where a certain number of painters were then assembled. Reynolds, it is said, hesitated and delayed. Whether from accident or pur pose tea was served an hour later than usual, and when he and his young companion reached the house at last, the meeting was on the point of dispersing. When the door opened and the two came in, they were received (says Northcote) with a sudden bunt of acclamation, and Rey nolds was with one voice proclaimed President of the New Academy. " Cannot one picture the scene?" These bursts with which those who have the gift of divination hail the rulers among the people have always seemed to me among the most affecting, incidents in life. Reynolds waa touched and overcome by this sudden revelation of good will and good sympathy. From the Court he bad received but small token of praise hitherto, but this was worth far more than any flare of fashionable adulation or passing success. This was the genuine tribute of the workers like himself who knew and understood the value of the laurels they had bestowed from their own store. The next time when Mr. Reynolds called upon Angelica, Lord Henry was also there ; but the painters left him to Lady Diana, who was sitting to her, in blue satin on a supposed lawn with a parrot, a puppy, and all the little W.s round her chair. (There is a charming picture by Angelica of the Duchess of Argyll of those days, a family group. It belongs to the lsdy so de picted in the possession of the Darner portrait, and is in the style which Zoffany- has nude famous, and which Lady Diana had selected for her own representation.) rhetor had eossft «• her MmcL He loolud plessei and greatly exalted, aad hdd a hat in UrlMrf-^* nst «f: tike mom of the uw « See r Mid he, sailing and pointing with his finger. "Can yoa read the list of the new Anadnmirians P and she read, " Sir Joshua Rey nolds, Knt," and looked op with bright con gratulation; then the finger travelled on, "Wfl liam Hone, Nathaniel Hone," Angelica read them With a pleated blush, ahe came to her own name and that of Mary Moser, to which the friendly hand was pointing. It travelled steadily to the very bottom of the page. " Here is also your friend Zncchi's name," said Mr. Reynolds. Angelica clapped her hands ; Lady Diana came down from her perch ; Lord Henry advanced from the other end of the room, he had also won an unexpected prise that day, and he asked to see the list, which he perused with deep interest. I believe some vague hope had suddenly occurred that he might have been included in the list, and that this additional honor might have been laid by him at Lady Diana's feet. In Zoflaoy's delightful picture we see the Academicians as they were in life ; can see them with all their tights and their dignity. Bir Joshua with his sword, the model in his place upon the steps, the earnest faces of the groups standing in conclave. Here are wigs. Here is ceremony and nature too. Two very forbidding ladies are hanging in effigy on the wall, one of whom it is difficult to recognise as the lovely original of Sir Joshua's portrait of Angelica Kauflmann. In 1768 women's righto were a willing con cession to their desert, not an extortion and graceless boon. The figures as Zoflany has left them impress one somehow by a certain appear ance of manly self-respect The military costume of the age may have given a martial air to these graceful warriors. There is a little drawing of Stothard's, fanciful, vivid, and delicate, in which we can peep at the Academy for 1768, with the people who are looking at the pictures as they hang in then* places on the walls. There is the beautiful Duchess of Manchester, fresh from the artist's stadia There are landscapes smiling, ■hips sailing, big wigs, and hands gracing the walls. There is a traveller turbaned and beaded, perhaps out of compliment to the great Lady Hester of that time. The pretty dainty figures trip across the floor, high nod their plumed head gears, brightly sparkle the buckled ahees. The young King gases through his glass. The Court lady holds her slim fan. The old cocked-hat gentleman is absorbed in his own portrait, perhaps painted by young Lawrence, or by the great Gainsborough, of Bath. Angelica clings to her classical models. Her Hector and Andromache are much admired, so is her composition representing Venus directing iEneas and Achates. The gods and the Greeks and Romans lave invaded our humdrum country. With Regulus is a royal command, Hebe, Adonis, Diana disaarmmg Cupid. Lempriere comes to life as we read the list In many and many an Academy did Angelica exhihit the works of her unremitting hands, designs and portraits. Gods and heroes, Olympus in every attitude, good work, bad work, indif ferent, still she labored on. The woman lived on year by year, her youth passed, neither prosperity, sunshine, nor the winter storms of lonely regret could change her mobility of nature. She still responded to the calls of the children piping in the market to the song of the happy. She was no mighty heroine, but ahe triod to be true to herself! what more can we ask of any human being ? 