' ARRIVAL ' F S OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] The R.M.S.S. Sumatra, with, the - English mail, arrived off Glenelg at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The following are the masters of our European correspondents, transmitted by telegraph from Adelaide : HISTORY OF THE MONTH. [non ore OWN OO£HESI?ONI>ENT,) LONDON, OCT. 20. THE CHINESE DIFFICULTY. Our relations with China are again as. suming a more satisfactory footing. War 'Is for the present averted, although it may one's require both firmness and vigilance to "keep the Chinese Government to its pro- mises. A series of alarming telegrams had disturbed the public mind, and as our own Foreign Office kept silent, and no despatches ''were published, and it seemed almost as if for. ' Wade, of whom the majority of Englishmen knew nothing, was himself to decide the grave issue, the general uneasiness was taking shape in hostile' criticism, when Lord Derby found an opportunity for explanation at a banquet in- Liverpool. He had no positive news to communicate, but spoke hopefully and in " harmony with the national feeling. He said that for some time a collision had seemed probable, and now that it had occurred, it must be used to place our relations on better ground ; but that a war with China, if it could be honourably escaped, was a thing which we should all de- precate. " We don't want," he said, " to break up a vast empire; to have another sick man on our hands and to ruin a people with whom our object in holding intercourse is the development of trade." A few days later we received assurances from Shangha of a still more welcome nature, which quieted all discontent at home. Mr. Wade has proved himself worthy of the confidence reposed in him by the skill and vigour with which he has brought these protracted negotiations to an end. He appears to have obtained more than was expected. The first point, of course, was satisfaction for the murder of Mr. Margary,-and this demand has been met by the appointment of a high commission to investigate on the spot the circumstances under which he lost his life. Not only were two Englishmen, Messrs. Grosvenor and Labor, to accompany this commission across the Empire to the frontier, but we this week learn that they have already started, and that they will be joined at Hankow by Mr. Davenport, all three of them to pass through Yunnan southwards to Barmah. Moreover, a mission is to be despatched to this country with a message of apology for the outrage. Mr. Wade had previously insisted upon the publication in the Pekin Gazette of the imperial edict affirming the rights of foreigners, and if he has not secured the announcement in like , manner of the specific terms, we cannot be surprised-the general declaration may be considered humiliating enough. The Chinese Government, always notoriously evasive, has usually shown one face towards the great powers at the treaty ports, and another of inflexible celestial majesty towards the people of its vast interior provinces. It has been more ready to make a treaty than to publish it, but it has become essential to the safety of foreigners that the empire should publicly avow the relations it privately pro- fesses, and this at least Mr. Wade has secured. It is also stated that instructions have been issued to the inspector-general of customs to report fully on the taxation of foreign trade, and that a competent Chinese officer will afterwards be appointed to confer with a British official on the regulation of the frontier trade between Burmah and China. The precise nature or the results of this inquiry, we cannot yet know, but it would seem as if we were unexpectedly achieving all that was intended by Mr. Margary'a ill starred mission, and BO obtaining the satisfaction he would himself must have desired. Another telegram reports that no new trade convention, as was at first surmised, is contemplated, and it is plain that no such convention would be operative if negotiated by any one Minister single-handed. All our foreign representatives are interested in these questions. The concession of the Pekin (Government will not, however, over- come at once the obstinate prejudices of the people. They may for a time intensify the bitter feeling that exists, and other im- pediments may arise, which nothing but the growth of trade and actual intercourse will wholly remove. FUGITIVE SLAVES. The circular recently issued by the Admiralty relating to fugitive slaves has had consequences for the Ministry which were not foreseen. It has been followed by an outburst of feeling similar to that which accompanied the Plimsoll incident at the close of the last session of Parliament, and as the Government then retraced its steps before the manifestation of public opinion, so now it has promptly surrendered. Such mistakes cannot be multiplied with impunity. They leave an impression behind more injurious than the most hostile criticism of the present Opposition. It is necessary here briefly to recall the instructions of the obnoxious circular addressed to officers in command of Her Majesty's ships. There is much curiosity as to the circumstances which first elicited it It could not have sprung direct from the brain of Mr. Ward Hunt Some incident must have prompted it Some request or remonstrance-possibly some tragic story burke behind it. The Spectator naturally guesses that nothing less than the escape of some slave girl from a se- rage could have inducedtheForeignOfficeor Admiralty to suggest to Englishmen a fugitive slave law. Whatever explanation there may be of its origin, the circular itself is clear enough in its general purport It provides for three cases where a slave comes on board a Queen's ship within the territorial water of the power under whose laws he is enslaved, where a slave comes on board a Queen's ship on the high seas, and where a person comes on board a Queen's ship and claims protection on the ground that he has been detained in a state of slavery on shore, contrary to treaties. Should the ship again come within the territorial waters of the country in which he has been a slave, he will be liable to be surrendered on demand being made, supported by the necessary proofs. If a person claims protection on the ground that he has been detained in slavery contrary to treaty, the commanding officer is to satisfy himself as to the truth of this statement and to be guided by the result of his inquiries. It would be waste of space now to enter upon the reasons which govern these directions. Suffice it to say that the circular ends with a warning that slaves are not to be misled into the belief that they will find their freedom by getting on board a British ship afloat. But if there be any sentiment stronger than another in the English nation, it is the love of personal freedom; and if there is any one hatred more powerful than all,' it is the de- testation of slavery. It is a cardinal point of our creed, which is part of our national life-this belief in the inviolable freedom of every inch of British soil. The circular not only offended the national sentiment, but seemed to go contrary to all our traditions. Whatever the question of rigid law, the country was not disposed to ¡ entertain that on this subject. It was a mistake on the lower ground of expediency, to raise that it was a greater mistake in the higher interests of a national policy. Why recognise slavery more than piracy ? There is not a slaveholding power in the world which we could not crash. No sooner were the provisions of the circular understood, than all the old anti slavery feeling revived. It was left almost undefended, while the public condemnation waxed louder from day to day. Numerous attacks and letters appeared, pointing out difficulties and inconsistencies in the way of its application, disputing also its interpreta- tion of the law, and appealing to our history and practice for arguments against it Public meetings were held in several of our chief towns, and protests adopted. The Anti-slavery Society, which has had but a languishing existence of late years, showed that its occupation has not gone, and was the first directly to approach the Government. The Admiralty replied by referring its address to the Foreign Office. Then arose the question as to who was responsible for the authorship of the circular. Was it un- sentimental, impassive, but clear-sighted Lord Derby, to whose judgment the Liberal party pays respect? The inference pointed in that direction, but left us uncertain. It was Lord Derby himself who at last announced the suspension of the circular. I have already referred to his appearance at Liverpool. He concluded his speech on that occasion by stating that the Government had decided to withdraw the instructions, though not admitting the construction popularly put upon them, and still less contemplating any change of policy "The statement of law contained in the document, said Lord Derby, " whether or not it embraces the popular view of our rights. and obligations, it is simply that which we have received on the highest legal' authority. But looking at the construction placed upon it, feeling the extreme inexpe. diency of exciting popular passion on a matter which requires careful handling, and considering that the question dealt with is not one requiring urgent haste, we think it better to cancel what has been done, so that the whole question may be considered de now, and that any future discussion upon it may not he prejudiced." These cautious words, however, have not entirely satisfied public opinion. The subject is still discussed with some energy, especially in its legal aspects. For example, Sir Henry Tatts, addressing his constituents at Taunton this week, spoke at great length on this point, showing the far-reaching character of the principles at issue. He said I fancy, if you search your records through no state paper that has ever been issued by a department of the English Government has ever contained so many errors, and the abandonment of so many principles which are alike valued and cherished by the English people. The mistakes, we are now told, result from the opinion of the highest legal authority in this country. For the sake of the national interests this matter must be determined. Mere suspension is useless, for the declaration of the law remains. What will be our position is in some future time the Foreign Secretary puts forward as against America or France the claim that our ships of war are in their waters still English territory ? Why, we shall be stopped by this declaration and high legal opinion. We shall be told, "Why, your claim was deemed insupportable by your own adviser speaking through the mouth of Lord Derby." It will be too late then to say, " It was a wrong opinion." We must say it now, or not at all. The Government must have the courage to correct the error which the department has made. Apart from legal principles, the lay senti- ment has something more to say. For instance, at a meeting in the Town-hall, Manchester, a conservative elector carried unanimously a resolution requesting the immediate withdrawal of the circular, and a steady perseverance in the old policy. But this did not exhaust the feeling of the assemblage. Another elector moved a resolution asking for the immediate dismissal of any Minister who was alike so ignorant of his duty to his country and BO unfaithful to his Sovereign as to have issued it; and the Mayor declining to put this to the meeting, another chairman stepped into his place, and it was adopted by acclamation. Other meetings have spoken strongly. The Trades' Union Congress sitting at Glasgow, and which, by the way, had little to do this year but congratulate itself on the legislative results of lost Parliamentary session, passed a resolution demanding the withdrawal of the circular, and also the Congregational Union of England and Wales, composed of ministers and lay delegates, which happens to be meeting in London. The action of Government in this matter has tended to weaken it. This is the second time within the last few months that the Ministry has confessedly yielded to popular passion. In the first instance, Mr. Disraeli professed himself thankful for the outbreak of feeling which enabled him to carry at least in substance a measure he had been reluctant to abandon, but there is no such excuse for the Cabinet now. A few more such blunders, and the great Liberal reaction will begin. PUBLIC MEN ON PUBLIC AFFAIRS. There is abundance of political vitality in the country, notwithstanding the seeming torpor of the last year, and there is no loss of popular power. Such incidents as this fugitive slave controversy show that only the occasion is wanted to call it forth. The mass of the people preferred a period of repose to a succession of trenchant measures, the full bearing of which they could not see ; but if the aggressive spirit of Liberalism was checked, and its ranks broken, its principles are still at work. There is a firmer tone about the utterances of this autumn, which, if sustained, will have its effect on the politics of the coming year. Members are unbecoming to their constituents in all directions, and with much variety of words. I can but refer to two or three leading speeches. The first place undoubtedly belongs to Lord Derby's at Liverpool, who touched upon other topics besides those already mentioned, and soberly reviewed our Continental relations. He repudiated the idea that English influence in foreign countries is a nullity. "I know," he remarked, " there are persons in the present day who laugh at the notion of moral influence in public affairs, and regard material strength as the sole element of international power. I object to that view, not because it is cynical, as people sometimes say, but because it is inaccurate. You cannot, in public any more than in private, do violent and aggressive acts without inspiring distrust To inspire distrust is a source of weakness. In business character is capital in international policy an element of strength," As regards the insurrection in the Herzegovina he spoke lightly of it, for the leader had been disappointed of the support, either secret or avowed, of the great powers. Sir Stafford Northcote, whose development the Quarterly Severe regards as the most important result of the last session, for the Conservatives, was speaking at Middlesborough only a few days earlier, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of the new graving dock at the month of the Tees. He also strongly repudiated the idea that England was retiring from her place before the world, and assuming an insular position. "The policy of England," he said, "is, and must be, an insular policy. Yet I claim to myself the right to put my own interpretation upon those words ' insular policy, and I ask you what they ought, in your judgment, to mean ? I ask you to say that insular policy means maritime policy. It is that which spreads the influence and the interests of England all over the habitable globe; that is the policy which connects us with our great, scattered, but happily now fast becoming united, colonial empire ; which brings us into communication with every nation; which connects itself with the sea, and every nation where commerce and civilization are spreading. And to say that England, as she has taken the place, will continue to hold the first position in the development not only of her own great empire, but of commerce and of civilisation throughout the globe; and in the work which lies now before hearts do, ache has work worthy of all the energies she can command, and work equal and superior to that which has been done by our forefathers." He touched also rather ostentatiously the crucial question of the hour, when he said that we had still to carry throughout the world what was England's proudest standard-the standard of personal freedom. Mr. Forster spoke at a great meetingheldat Bradford to protest against the slave circular, which he denounced with much vigour, and he had scarcely finished his speech when the news arrived that it had been suspended. At Edinburgh Mr. Cross, to whom the chief legislative honours of the last seesionaregene rally ascribed, has been addressing the Conder. vative Working Men's Association, dwelling chiefly upon what has been achieved in the interest of the artisan. Acts of Parliament could not do everything. Taking into consideration the increase of education over the country, and the improved dwellings of the working class, he hoped to see before he died a vast change in the happiness and comfort of every person. Ex-Professor Fawcett opened the winter session of the. Birmingham Institute, taking education as his theme, and holding aloft that ideal standard which he carries every- where with so firm a hand. Sir Wilfrid Lawson also has been discoursing on his favourite theme at a meeting of the United Kingdom Alliance (Teetotal) in Manchester, and took the opportunity to dispense a little of his own peculiar satire on things social and political. He asserted, for instance, that the real religion of English- men in the worship of vested interests. So again he declared that the statesmen who are called leaders are no more leaders than the leaders in a stage-coach, which go first when they are driven. The fate of the Vanguard has figured largely in recent speeches, and been the subject of much paper comment specially in relation to the minute issued by the Admiralty on the finding of the court martial. In this remarkable document the Lords of the Admiralty justify the vice admiral in command for continuing the rate of speed through the fog though they cen- sure him for an opinion which he incidentally expressed, that it is within the discretion of leaders of division to act with regard to speed in a fog, independently of and contrary to the orders of the Admiralty. They also disapprove of the signal made by the admiral for the alteration of formation, as not tending to keep the squadron so much under his control as another signal named would have done. They declare the loss of the Vanguard to have been chiefly due to the slackening of the speed of the Vanguard, and the improper steering out of line of the Iron Duke, ordered by Lieutenant Evans, whom they dismiss from his ship, and they justify Captain Hickley in increasing speed so far as to recover his station, he being warranted in supposing that Her Majesty's ship Vanguard was maintaining the speed at which she was going when she was last in sight This minute virtually Beta aside some important portions of the judgment of the Court It inflict punishment on a subordinate, while it leaves the responsible chief untouched, and this without further trial or opportunity of defence. I cannot enter into the details of this controversy, it is enough to say that the minute is generally regarded | as another blunder, and that thea created an impression most unfavourable to the Admiralty. Admiral Tarlton has found some warm friends to defend him from the public censure, and it is urged that the speed at which he ¡ steamed into the fog was due to his wish to carry the fleet safely past the Codling Bank, but the judgment of the Admiralty is held to be as confused and unsatisfactory as the management which led to the disaster. STORMS AND FLOODS. The light of our Indian summer has been abruptly quenched by clouds, and we are being rapidly swept into the chill dark days of winter by furious gales and floods. The disasters of July have been repeated on a wider scale, and although it is not now the fields that suffer, the loss of property has been unusually great Rainfall in its intensity has been almost without precedent this century. We have had wetter years, but the fall within short periods, and at particular points within short periods, has been much heavier than usual. The better drainage of the country only helps the mis- chief in such case. Millowners on streams have long complained that whereas they formerly used the steady flow the current now rises rapidly after a rain, sweeps by them, and leaves them again till the next fall. A thousand narrow watercourses fill the running brooks. The streams quickly ewell to torrents, and the rivers into which they flow broaden into lakes. Other precautions will now be necessary, and it will be a permanent gain to our productive powers if any portion of the water can be husbanded in re- servoirs against seasons of drought But Such rain as we have had would be calamitous under any circumstances. Early in the month, the winds began to Strew the eastern shores with wrecks. The collier brigs, fishing smacks, and coasting vessels suffered greatly. in the south, also, the seas were stormy. The Brodrick Castle, bound to Auckland, with 300 emigrants and a general cargo, was driven into Falmouth the main and mizen masts, and all the gear attached, having been carried away, and one man killed and another disabled by their fall. A French schooner, The Poppie and Julie, was wrecked near Aachen, and 21 lives lost The rains that fell about this time were heaviest in the Midland counties. The waters were soon outspreading over the fields, Numerous incidents of peril of life are reported from different districts. Near Rugby six men driving in a cart were over- taken, and drowned. At Nuneaton, a child was caught in a torrent, and carried 60 yards through a culvert before it was gallantly rescued by a shoemaker. All this, however, was as nothing to the deluge which came upon us last week. It was ushered in by violent gales, again felt chiefly on the eastern coast A tremendous sea breaking on the beach at Sunderland, knocked down about a score of persons, and carried them out with its flow, two of whom were drowned. At Yarmouth, a barque went down in the sands, and the waves cut away the master, driving the crew into the boat, when the painter broke, leaving the captain and three men on board. One man was washed overboard, and drowned as the boat was being lowered, and the boat itself had no sooner left the vessel than it was capsized, and the crew, with one exception, were drowned. The exception was a young lad, a Corsican, who being a good swimmer, managed to cling to the overturned boat and was eventually washed ashore at Winterton. The barque subsequently broke into three parts, and on the middle and largest piece the captain, and those remaining with him were drifted up and down till rescued by the Castor. life-boat The steamer Britannia was abandoned on Holy Island, a vessel worth £12,000, and not insured, with a cargo worth £6,000, and was broken to pieces by the tide. At St Andrew's a large barque was wrecked, and the crew all drowned before the life-boat could reach them. Day after day swelled the terrible list till the sea was strewn with fragments of wreck, and every vessel that weathered the hurricane and came into port brought tidings of loss. During these days of storm torrents of rain were falling inland, In the midland counties and far into the west the waters rose rapidly. Nottingham, with the meadows adjacent has always been liable to inundations from the Trent, but this time the angry river overleaped all former bounds. The parts of the town which had escaped on previous occasions were now flooded. The streets began to assume the appearance of canals. Boats plied as the only means of communication. Some houses were deserted altogether, and not a few manufactories were stopped by the water reaching the boiler fires. Numerous accidents occurred, and a man riding a horse along a flooded road slipped suddenly into deeper water, and both rider and steed were drowned. A cart conveying passengers through the waters was overturned, and of 11 persons only three were rescued. At the picturesque village of Welsford, near Nottingham, the favourite resort of the poet Kirke White, the water rose so rapidly that in 10 minutes the people were obliged to seek refuge on the upper floor of their cottages, where from the windows they cried piteously for help. Here is a strange) picture, which may serve as a sample of the straits many thousands of people in different places had to undergo. It being too deep to go about in carts, and there being two boats in the neighbourhood, the vicar pulled off his carriage house doors, converted them into a raft, and paddled to the moorings. Having then procured the boats, he and his men set out out rowing to the houses in the village, and all night were occupied in taking the poor people out of their bedroom windows and conveying them to the vicarage. It should be stated that the house and churchyard formed a kind of island. The vicarage being at length full, 60 persons were conveyed to the residence of a solicitor nearby, whose lower rooms, however, were submerged. The schoolroom was crowded, but that building was soon reached by the water, and many poor creatures, some of extreme age, had to seek refuge elsewhere chiefly at the village inn. The provisions were soon eaten up, but no supplies could be obtained, as the boats could not get to Nottingham, so that on Friday and Saturday the people had to cook drowned hares, rabbits, and fowls, and live as they could. On Sunday, however a sheep was roasted at the vicarage, and shared amongst the distressed inhabitants. A short service was held in the morning in the church, at which some of the villagers arrived in boats in a half dressed state. In Nottingham alone 13 persons perished, and it is estimated that 3,000 houses were inundated, and SO factories stopped. Other towns suffered, but less severely. In Borne parts of Derby provisions were carried round in boats, and bread had to be handed up to the bedroom windows at the end of a pitchfork. At Burton, the great brew, ing establishments were compelled to suspend their operations, and at night the town was thrown into total darkness by the water in. vading the gas mains. Messrs. Bass, Allsopp, and other firms, telegraphed to the neighbouring towns for a supply of bread, and on Sunday some 10,000 loaves arrived, and were gratuitously distributed. It would be impossible to tell a tithe of the disastrous incidents of these floods, or to trace their course across the country. In many parts the railways have been greatly injured, and at some points the trains were overtaken and brought to a standstill, or allowed to move slowly through the rising ! waters. Great numbers of cattle have been carried away. I It was at Exeter, in the far south-west, that the heaviest rainfall was recorded, and here it reached the unprecedented quantity of 3 26in. in about three hours. The Exe rose many feet above its normal height, and many square miles were soon under water, A large number of cattle and sheep were swept away from meadows in which an hour or two before they seemed to be in perfect security, and bridges were carried away or partially damaged. From other regions, also, we have intelligence of floods. From Bombay we hear of the invasion of the ancient city of Ahmedabad by the waters of the neighbouring river, which has rendered 20,000 people homeless. COLONIAL TOPICS. LONDON, OCT. 29. SOUTH AFRICAN CONFEDERATION. Public attention continues to be drawn to South African affairs, and Sir Garnet Wolseley's return has been made the occasion for very general congratulations on the success of his mission. The South African Mail says that the whole country is in favour of con- federation, and so great is the indignation of the people against the Walters Ministry that it is very doubtful now, even if it acceded to the proposal for a conference, whether Parliament would agree to its remaining in office. As for Mr. Froude, his progress seems one perfect ovation. At Grahamstown, which was one of the first towns to come out strong in favour of federation, he was lately met by a large cavalcade ; 24 guns were fired in his honour, and in the presence of 5,000 people an address was presented, and his path was strewn with flowers by young ladies elegantly dressed. What more could he expect if he were the saviour of his country The reception may be contrasted with that of Mr Merriman, Commissioner for Works, who went to open the first stage of the midland railways. Had he avoided touching on the great topic of the day all would have gone well, but he thought to say a few words in defence of the action of his colleagues. Mr. Merriman followed in Mr. Higinbotham's strain. He styled Mr. Froude a foreign agitator, and spoke of the Queen's Government as a foreign one. Mr. Chaband, who is a well-known colonist, denounced Mr. Merriman in strong terms, and said he had insulted the Queen, the Earl of Carnarvon, their distinguished visitor, and the people of Port Elizabeth. Mr. Char and then left the room, calling upon those present at the luncheon to follow his example, which all the leading people did. It is said that had it not been for the presence of a number of ladies, Mr. Merriman would probably have been summarily ejected. The incident shows how thoroughly unpopular the Cape Government has become. Parliament has been called together for the 20th November, unusually early, for the express purpose of going into the confederation question. Your former Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, shares the odium attached to the Ministry, as it is believed that he coincided with their views, and threw difficulties in the way of carrying out the policy suggested by the Earl of Carnarvon, from whom he has received sundry raps over the knuckles. He has gone to the diamond-fields, and seems to have given as much dissatisfaction there as he has lately done at the Cape. The J public had expected other things from his I antecedents. j Apropos of the diamond-fields, a communication has been received from them stating that no labour is to be had except at impossible prices, and that everything is fright- fully dear, with the finds anything but re- munerative. An attempt has been made, according to the Cape papers, to throw discredit on representative institutions there. Some 12 or 15 of the independent electors of King William's Town, having presented an address to the Kaffir chief Toiz, requesting him to come forward as a candidate for a vacancy for that town, "Mr." Tors, who is very little removed from the grade of a savage, re- plies that be feels proud of the honour sought to be conferred upon him, and will be happy to stand. As the gentleman cannot write or read, the answer was penned by the same person who concocted the requisition. It is alleged that there is a probability of the Kaffir being elected. NATURALISATION IN VICTORIA. A question of some interest to the people of Victoria was raised in the City of London Revision Court on the 8th inst A. Mr. Theodore Ullathorne claimed a vote on account of a counting-house in Lower Thames district His application was supported by the Liberals, and opposed by the Conserva- tives on the ground that he was a foreigner, Mr. Ullathorne replied that he was naturalised in Victoria 16 years ago. The revising barrister, Mr. Spencer Percival, said that would not apply. Mr. Sydney Smith, who appeared for the Liberate, contended that the naturalisation in Victoria made Mr. Ullathorne a British subject, and he had a right to exercise all the privileges as such throughout any part of the British dominions, further mentioning as a matter of fact, that the foreign office a recognised him as an Englishman. The revising barrister rejoined that the naturalisation was specially limited to Victoria, as the colony had a constitution of its own, and its jurisdiction could not be extended. Mr. Smith remarked that the child of foreigners born in Victoria I would be a British subject ipso facto, if he chose to claim such, without any naturalisation being required, and why should not the naturalisation have equal effect? Mr. Hughes for the Conservatives contended that the certificate was the only document and title presented by Mr. Ullathorne, and as that was limited to Victoria, he had no locus standi as a British subject in that court The discussion was concluded by Mr. Percival stating that a case of a similar nature had occurred before, when he had adjourned his decision to see if he could find authority for receiving the claim, but failed to do so. Mr. Ulla- Thorne's claim was therefore rejected. The only London daily in which I noticed any comments on the affair is the Morning Advertiser, which devoted a leader to supporting the claim, and pointed out that its rejection was just one of those incidents which operate prejudicially on our relations between the mother country and the colonies, as it serves to mark a distinction which, in such a case, ought not to exist, and it expressed a hope that Government would take the matter up, and, if necessary, legislate to prevent a similar affair happening again. FOREIGN EMIGRATION. Some particulars have just been published relative to the emigration of some Welshmen to a locality on the Cup at River, bordering upon Patagonia and the extreme frontiers of the Argentine Confederation, It appears that the colonists wanted to make it a Welsh settlement, but the entire affair was a complete failure. This occurred a number of years back, but a fresh expedition is about being contemplated, and the Buenos Ayres Standard has printed an account which is a very pretty prospect for the new-comers, only infrequently there is a very slight modicum of truth in its statements. It says:-"Babia Nueva, which is in the vicinity of the settlement, abounds in fish, and in the adjoining country game is very plentiful. Seals are met with in great numbers on the coast, and in- land there are numerous herds of guanachoa or wild llamas ; stone in great variety, gypsum, and salt are met with, the latter in great abundance. It is also reported that coal exists in the neighbourhood of the settle- meat" As to the truth of the foregoing it may be mentioned that Bahia Nueva in 200 miles away from the settlement ; the seals are near Cape Horn, and wild flames are as plentiful as deer in Middlesex ; the stone is a rocky sort and the gypsum and coal are myths; the salt has to be manufactured. The land will not grow sufficient wheat to pay labour, and no wood is to be had. But thus it is that British subjects are deluded into going to countries where colonisation is almost impossible, instead of turning their steps to our own settlements, where they could fix themselves with advantage. But if some Englishmen will be thus taken in, we learn on the other hand that foreigners leave their own colonies for those belonging to us. The Government of New Caledonia has reported to the Minister of Marine that most of the immigrants arriving in that island are at once bribed by Englishmen to go to Australia, where they can earn far more. The Versailles Government, it is said, has a natural objection to thus doing our colonisation work, and in future will only allow emigrants to proceed out by merchant ships, and will merely pay part of the passage-money instead of defraying the whole. A French paper, the Temps, says that a wholesale emigration is going on amongst the French Basques to South America. In the Basses Pyrenees, which had a population of 435 486 in 1896, there were in 1872 only 426,751. In the last named year 11,030 Basques left Bordeaux for Monte Video and Buenos Ayres, and in the following year the number was still larger. Some communes have lost furn 27 to 30 per cent, and the canton of Mauleon, the centre of the Basque population, will, if the exodus goes on, be a desert in 60 years. The division of land among the whole family is said to be the cause of the movement, the people becoming poorer and at length seeing starvation staring them in the face. a TICHBORNIA. Dr. Kenealy's meetings that he has lately held in the north have been very uproarious. At Sunderland he said his object was twofold, first to convince the people that the man in Dartmoor prison was Sir Roger Tichborne, and secondly, to give his opinion as to the best mode of getting him out. Ironical cheers greeted him as he proceeded, whereupon the doctor related how his supporters at Merthyr Tydvil blackened the eyes of his tormentors, and inquired if there was no one in the room who would blacken the eyes of the half-dozen miserable wretches who were disturbing the meeting. The hint not being taken, he said that at Croydon his friends had made more bleeding noses in a few minutes than many a man had seen in his whole lifetime, whereupon a working man called on his mates to clear out the wretches. The challenge was accepted, and a furious onslaught made on some young gentlemen, who defended themselves with their sticks for some minutes, and then had to skedaddle. On the following night the beaten party was reinforced by some roughs, who were not partisans of Magna Charta, and a series of free fights ensued, in the end victory remaining with the doctor's opponents, who took possession of the platform, and the ex.C. made an ignominious retreat with an old lady into a cab. A hotel keeper commenced stump oration in the hall, but the gas was turned off, and indescribable confusion was the consequence, when every one cleared out the best way he could. At South Shields and elsewhere like occurrences have taken place, so that henceforth it is evident the Eenealites are not to have it all their own way, but if they are reckless in scattering their wind, came of it will re- bound to them with interest The proceedings taken by Mr. Geo. Potter against the Englishman, for libel, have resulted in the printer (Mr. Bradley) withdrawing from the concern, and the Telegraph states that some threatened proceedings will now be initiated against the doctor and his son, Mr. Armed Kenealy. NEW GUINEA. LONDON, OCT. 29. Nothing yet has been definitely fixed about the starting of the expedition, under the leadership of Lieutenant R. H. Armit but a meeting of those who are going to take part in it is to be held about the middle of next month, and it is asserted that a start will be made from England about the close of the year. From what we learn it seems that a large proportion of those who are volunteering are young men of good education and with a turn for adventure. Whether they would be the most likely' to settle down into steady and hard- working colonists may be an open question. About 250 are expected to go out although there have been other 1,000 offers. Lieut Keneally will be the representative of the New Guinea Colonising Association on the spot and the second in command is to be his brother, Lieut. J. E. Armit, R.N. The party are to be regularly enrolled, and will be required to enter into a contract, binding themselves to submit to the same discipline as is observed on board a Her Majesty's ships until such time as the Home Government establishes its authority on the island. No pay will be given, but each mantle to receive rations and a land order for four square miles. A Mr. Mussel has presented a vessel of 1,200 tons as his subscription to the scheme, and it will have a small steamer of its own, besides a small steam launch in addition. Upwards of £10,000 is stated to be already subscribed. When a suitable spot has been selected for the settlement, the ground is to be cleared and dwellings erected, and such fortifica-, tions as may be required, A store is to be opened, and every inducement offered to the natives to barter. A church is also to be put up, and " by example and education they will teach the natives to observe the Sabbath, which day will be at all times observed in a Christian-like manner." Friendly intercourse with the natives is to be encouraged as much as possible, and exploring parties will be despatched to open up the country. A considerable amount of correspondence has appeared in the papers about New Guinea, in which Lieutenant Armit has taken a prominent port The Times published two letters, one from Captain Moresby, and the other from the Rev. Mr. Macfarlane, from New Guinea, in which the latter strongly deprecated any attempt at colonisation. Captain Moresby's letter, on the other hand, is very hopeful. THE PACIFIC MAIL SERVICE. Messrs. Lawrence Clarke and Co., the London agents for the Pacific service, have published a useful little handbook for the benefit of intending travellers, giving all particulars necessary to enable passengers to make their selections of the route they would like to follow through the States. The first of the new steamers to be sent from San Francisco, and called the City of San Francisco, left New York for Golden Gate on the 21st September, and will sail for Sydney on the 8th December. She is described as magnificently fitted up with all the latest improvements, both in respect to working the vessel and the accommodation of passengers. On her trial trip it was shown that she could make 300 miles per diem without forcing. She does 11 knots on 17 tons of coal a day, and only used 28 with a speed of 16 knots, an economic result never before witnessed, it is said. To give an idea of the extent of her accommodation, it may be mentioned that her ladies' parlour, on the upper deck, is large enough for 100 persons. The City of San Francisco was built at Chester, Pennsylvania, and she will be followed at intervals of about four weeks each from New York by the City of New York and the City of Sydney. The steamers built on the Clyde for the service, the Zealandia and the Australia are to be despatched from London on the 15th of December and 15th of January. Apropos of the time-table arranged, which works so badly in connexion with the service via Galle, it has transpired that the Admiralty had something to do with fixing the dates ; so the muddle is explained, as, after the Mistletoe affair, the loss of the Vanguard, the boat disaster at Plymouth, and the fugitive slave law minute ; anything coming from that quarter may be expected to prove a fresh specimen of blundering. However, there is one consolation. If the other matters cannot be remedied, a new time- table can be made, and it is to be presumed that as soon as a little experience has been gained of its actual working, it will be re- vised. SERICULTURE. Mrs. Bladen Neill is indefatigable in her efforts to promote the objects of the Victorian Ladies' Sericultural Society. At the Social Science Congress, at Brighton, she read a paper, which was attentively listened to, and [ will, no doubt, promote additional interest in the subject. At Verona, a lot of cocoons are now being exhibited by Signor Ferrari, a member of Academy, and they are described as very good. It is to be hoped that your Government will do all in its power to foster this production, as it must eventually prove one of the greatest importance to the colony, Some specimens of silk, made from the Victorian product, have been sent out to Melbourne, to be placed in the Technological Museum, and will serve to show what rubbish will produce, THE TIMES ON VICTORIA. The Times of yesterday has a leader on the change of Ministry in Victoria. After allusions to the condition of the revenue, it remarks that Mr. Berry's short-lived tenure of office has exposed the weakness as well as the violence of the party which he leads. Adverting to his proposals for filling up the deficit in the exchequer by making the large landowners pay, and to his designs on the Upper House, the article gives your Assembly credit, though thoroughly representative of the democratic temper of Victoria, for promptly putting the extinguisher on the naked scheme of spoliation propounded by the late Premier. The leader concludes as fol- lows "The hands-breadth cloud which has shadowed the hitherto sunny fortunes of Victoria, has, we trust, enabled the colonists to perceive the increasing and incurable difficulties of the existing system, as well as the imminent social dangers of the political ideas with which that system is associated." MISCELLANEOUS. A lengthy correspondence was published in yesterday's Times, between Sir Julius Vogel, the Colonial Office, and the Board of Trade, on the subject of broaching cargo in immigrant ships. Sir Julius pointed out the dangers to life at sea that were involved by such practices, and that a small punishment such as would be given for petty larceny ashore was not sufficient to stop the evil, and finally elicited from the Board of Trade the legal opinion that the offence was punishable under the Larceny Act of 1851, prescribing the punishment of three years' penal servitude or two years' hard labour. Successful as the Earl of Carnarvon is in colonial administration, he does not appear to be equally fortunate in home rule. He seems to have, in his capacity of chairman of the Police Committee of Blainfshire, come in conflict with a brother J.P., a Mr, Esdaile. When the committee was about being appointed for the year, he wished the latter's name struck off, and, indeed, moved its omission, stating that if it remained on he himself should withdraw. Not. withstanding this intimation, 31 of the magistrates voted in favour of Mr. Esdaile, whilst only 17 supported the Earl's motion His lordship accordingly resigned the chairmanship. To make the public acquainted with Australia we are about to have Hamilton's diorama of Australia exhibited, and Mr. Thomas Ness, of Bristol, is preparing another of the colony of Victoria, to be shown for the benefit of the charities. Of colonial notabilities in England Mr. Fox, ex-Prime Minister of New Zealand, is frequently figuring at temperance meetings both in England and Ireland, where at Carlow he lately delivered a lecture on social legislation at the antipodes. Mr. J. P. Barlee of Western Australia, has been presented with a testimonial at a luncheon at the Guildhall Tavern in the shape of a hand- some silver epergnes. Sir Charles Du Cane, in distributing prizes at theBraxted Agricultural Society, Essex, gave an account of his resi- dence in Tasmania, and had something to say on the subject of emigration. At the Congregational Union the Rev. Geo. Clerk, of Hobart Town, who had been absent from England 21 years, gave a description of con gregationolism in Australia. At the Church Congress at Stoke-upon-Trent, amongst the dignitaries present were the Bishop of Melbourne and Bishop Hobhouse, and the former took part in the proceedings. A few days ago persons interested in Polynesia were somewhat startled by the publication of a telegram from Berlin announcing that a bill had been introduced into the Federal Council authorising the importation of Polynesian labourers. It was difficult to see how they could be wanted in Bismarck's kingdom, but subsequent explana. tion gave us to understand that there was no idea of introducing them, but that the bill was intended to regulate the traffic in the South Seas, and to prevent the German flag being made use of to cover iniquities no longer to be perpetrated under that of England. Whilst alluding to Bismarck you will be interested in hearing that rumours have been circulated of his becoming of a protectionist turn. The Cologne Gazette, one of the leading papers, says it can contradict the statement as far as the importation of iron is concerned ; but the German Government has, in order to meet the wishes of the farmers and landowners, undertaken not to reduce the duty upon meat, which is at present exorbitantly high. Owing to a misapply". cation of one of its provisions, meat dried pays only 18d. per cwt, but spiced it pays 21s. The regulation was originally intended to apply to such delicacies as pates de foie gras, but it now is enforced as regards Australian preserved meat German farmers finding their position weakened in the English corn market owing to the more abundant supplies from Russia, the United States, We, wish to improve their condition, by converting their farm produce to a greater extent into butchers' meat The Times money article has drawn atten- ion to Borne correspondence with the General Post-office in reference to the refusal to pay a money-order sent from. Antigua, on the ground that the Post-office here has failed to comply with the regulations requiring it to remit the funds necessary to meet such payments. These occurrences are not very unusual, and the article remarks, " No bank or business house could possibly act in such disregard of bran. ness principles." Mr. F. C. C. Pasco, a native of Victoria, has been given a nomination as a naval cadet by the Admiralty, and will be examined at Sydney before July next. The Government are looking after colonial defences. Commodore Sir Wm, Hewett has been directed to confer with the military authorities at the Cape in reference to the fortifications it has been decided to erect for the protection of Simon's Bay. The American man-of-war Tuscarora has been ordered to run a line of deep sea soundings between Honolulu and Brisbane, The casts are his general to be made about 30 miles apart. The papers have very generally published full particulars of the death of Commodore Goodenough, and a Gazette notice informs as that Assistant Paymaster William Wykeham Perry, hon secretary, has been promoted to the rank of paymaster, in consideration of his having " at considerable risk to himself (having at that time a sore in his mouth) sucked the commodore's wounds in the hope of extracting any poison which might have been left by the arrow." Despatches have been received at the Colonial Office, with the late commo. dora's views on the working of the laws in connexion with the labour traffic among the New Hebrides. Advertisements were a short time ago in- serted in the Hull newspapers requesting information as to one Henry Champion, who went to Australia in 1835, A pauper answering to his description, has since been discovered in the Hull workhouse, and on proving his identity he will be entitled to £30,000 left him by a Scotch nobleman. ne'er-do-wells are still eligible for Any 1 tralia. At the Middlesex Sessions a few days back, one William Butler Pheme, who had fallen into bad company, was found guilty of robbing his father of property to the value of £220. After a consultation with the learned counsel on either side, the passing of sentence was deferred for a month, by the assistant judge, Mr. Edlin, so as to give the father an opportunity for making arrangements to send the Bon out to Australia. The awards of the commissioners for purchasing the estate of Prince Edward Island landowners is very adverse to the latter, On many estates in a high condition of cultivation only 80deg per acre is allowed. An odd feature in the affair is that the remuneration of the commissioners was left to the local government who decline to move in the matter, so they have left the colony without anything to pay them for their trouble. Captain Ommaney, R.N., who was born at Busselton, Western Australia, in 1840, died at Yarmouth on the 6th inst. The little town was founded by his mother's family, who emigrated to the colony in 1836, after the death of their father, the rector of Portsea, Hampshire. Captain Ommaney served with Sir Charles Napier in the Baltic ; also in China and on the New Zealand coast He went to Ashantee during the war, and had an attack of fever, from which he never recovered. Mr. Mackenzie, Premier of Canada, who has been visiting this country for some weeks, addressed his constituents at Farina on the 11th Inst, soon after his return to the Dominion, and spoke at length on the relations of the mother country and the colonies. Whilst strongly approving of federation generally, he expressed an opinion decidedly adverse to a confederation of the Empire, believing that it was not practicable. THE STATE OF EUROPE. FROM our OWN CORRESPONDENTS ) ' El BERLIN, OCT. 20, Those readers of The Argus who have done your Berlin correspondent the honour of perusing his letters will not be surprised at the Sultan's (profiting by the Herzegovina rebellion to notify bankruptcy. Though long in business under the attractive firm of Ruler of the Faithful, the illustrious defaulter has egregiously disappointed those who believed him (Anglice, his creditors by going and repudiating half his national debt The reason alleged for this peculiarly Turkish mode of settling accounts are as amusing as the promises accompanying them. The stop the Sultan with majestic good nature tells the wondering world, has been taken solely in the interests of his creditors, The last few years' loans have been regularly required to cover the interest on previous operations. To prolong this irrational system would have ultimately produced the direst consequences. To obviate them, the Sultan has thought it for the interest of all concerned to resort to the beneficial expedient recommended by the wise councillors surrounding his ever to be glorified throne. In other words, the insolvent with holds half that the whole may not be lost Of course, it never enters his turbaned head that a similar result might have been obtained without any of the attendant evils of his present method had his expenditure been reduced. As the successor of the Caliph, he cannot afford to maintain less than 6,000 women, eunuchs, and valets in his various palaces. The Sultan, I need hardly say, is far too experienced a financier to declare half his scrip as abolished and done away with. All who begs to intimate is that circumstances oblige him to withhold batt the interest for a period of five years, after which payment in full will be resumed. For the interest withheld a new sort of scrip is w be issued, to bear likewise five per cent interest The reply of the European money market to these intimations was the sending down the stock to a figure which plainly shows that all hope of recovering the repudiated half has been abandoned. The reason of this general mistrust may be explained in a very few words. Upto 1854 Turkey was considered altogether too unreliable a con- cern to deserve credit In that year the Western (powers, hoping to perpetuate her existence, if she could only be saved from Russian attack, gallantly assisted her with their troops, and imprudently introduced her to their bankers. In the 20 years that have since elapsed, the Ottoman Government, who had no consolidated debt whatsoever in the period anterior to this date, has raised 14 loans, amounting to a total of £180,000,000. Timidly beginning with 3,000,000 in 1854, they gathered courage as they went on, and in 1865 asked for £30.000,000, to increase their demand to £40,000,000 last year. Though this money had to be raised at a loss of from 15 to 80 per cent, and at an interest varying between 6 and 7 per cent., the Sultan could never be induced to restrict his personal expenditure, which, amounting to £2,500,000, consumes about the tenth part of the total outlay, and the fifth or sixth part of the revenue, properly speaking. Without troubling you with too many figures, -the above will suffice to show that the loans of £20,000,000 a year lately required to pro- long the existence of that economic common- wealth, were very considerably in excess of the amount of interest paid hitherto, and now refused. Hence the present measure would do away with the necessity of sending (round the state only if the current expenditure of the realm could be curtailed. There not being the ghost of a chance in this direction, reduction of interest will neither enable the Sultan to make up for interest withheld nor dispense with future loans. But will there be subscriptions worth naming, and what will the terms be even if a trifle can be got together 1 Add to this the extra bleeding occasioned by the present and prospective rebellions, and it must be confessed that the look-out is none of the brightest. At the pitch matters have arrived at, it would be wrong to conceal that the downfall of Turkey must be accelerated *. these proceedings. Were the SOUND 6 6 over a new leaf, and become a a house holder instead of 3 ft most frivolous spendthrift, there mjgU yet. be hopeD Ag of. ''x's . wildest imagination can see any, owes me in a position to keep out of the money market at least for a little while, he might hug himself in the sweet consciousness of having been too sharp for the enterprising individuals feeding upon his needs ; but as the measure affords mere temporary relief, it will have to be followed up by fresh petitions for money long before the unfavour- able impression created by the present stroke of business is obliterated, or confidence in the continued existence of Turkey can be renewed. Then, where will Turkey be Meanwhile, the Herzegovina business has settled down into the form it is likely to retain for a season. The very inclement winter peculiar to these latitudes having set in uncommonly early, a lull has necessarily supervened in the operations of rebel and Turk. Every now and then, however, the prevailing silence is interrupted by a raid or surprise, or a pitched encounter. A couple of thousands, moved by the spirit, compare notes, when fickle fortune sometimes favours one side, sometimes the other. As a rule, these collisions are very sanguinary, quarter being neither given nor asked after the battle, and by way of appropriate wind up, the victorious party cut off the heads of all adversaries that have fallen into their hands, whether alive, wounded, or dead. Before despatching the prisoner the Turk frequently chops off his hands, or cuts out his eyes, to prepare him gradually for the graver operation that is to follow ; while the Herze- govinese, who are Christians, and scorn such barbarous doings, modestly content themselves with depriving their captives' heads of nose, lip, and moustache prior to decapita- tion. Atrocious as this may appear, it is by no means the most revolting part of the proceedings. The execution ceremony having been gone through with marvellous despatch, the victors precipitate themselves upon the surrounding country in search of hostile villages. At the beginning of the war it was the custom to kill only the men found in these devoted haunts, and if we are to believe the insurgents they still strictly confine themselves to this lenient and comparatively charitable work. That they burned the villages and turned the women adrift need hardly be observed in an account of Illyric war, but the Turks, for whose generalising barbarism nice distinctions are apt to be troublesome, have lately introduced a remarkable simplicity into their manners danger. A Christian village occupied after battle, and suspected of conniving with the insurgents, were it only for its geographical proximity to the cane, is forthwith cleared of its inhabitants, and burned to the ground before their eyes. Then the inhabitants are dealt with methodically. The women having been dishonoured in presence of the men, the latter have certain members chopped off before the eyes of the women, after which merciful death is allowed to step in groups for males and fe miles having their heads severed from their bodies alternately. If this veracious picture of popular prosperity in Turkey is placed side by side with the statement of the financial operations by which means the existence of the monarchy is prolonged, the only two features of Turkish life worth recording have been presented to the reader. The portraits of the two principal leaders of the Herzegovina will be an interesting supplement to what has preceded. Luke. branch, a young man of SO, is a native of the neighbouring Austrian province of Dalmatia, the greater part of whose inhabitants share religion, language, and descent with the Herzegovinese. Having acquired some culture in the more civilised land in which he had the good luck to be born, he has been elevated to the rank of leading strategist and diplomatist among the wild sons of the hills Tall and handsome, as are all his countrymen, he wears the usual Montenegrin dress-a fantastic compromise between the wide trousers of the Turk, the embroidered jacket of the Greek, and the high gaiters and long-hanging sash of the Sclave. He speaks his own Servian and Italian-the latter the language of the educated classes very well. He converses pretty freely in French, and has a smattering of German. Though a man who professes a taste for Italian poetry, and confronting the Turk with Dante in his pocket, he invariably shares all the fatigues and hardships of his men. He hungers by day, moves about at night, and in the early dawn of the approaching twilight of eve executes those murderous assaults unparalleled in the history of Europe. It is said of him that he has never killed a prisoner. Through adapting himself to the genius of the locality, and tolerating the inevitable, he never attempts to prevent their being knocked down by the leas poetic among the men. Indeed, if there were any excuse for the deeds of butchery done on either side, the insurgents might plead their inability to detain, or even maintain, those they have captured. Hiding in mountain villages, caverns, and ravines, shifting about constantly while on Turkish soil, and then away looking for shelter in Servia, Mon Negro, and Dalmatia, they would find it a- Headingly difficult to carry their prisoners with them, and absolutely impossible to feed them. With' Lubobratitch another individual, called Pilco Paulovitch, is associated in the supreme command. If Lubobratitoh represents the few European men of the race, Pike a fair specimen of the average wolf of the WUs, He is about 45, with a monstrously big head, rigid features, and fiery eyes. he takes intense delight in the work allotted him by fate, and per acre would regard liberty and the cessa- tion of retributive murder as rather tame fare. Ordinarily slow and sleepy, like a recumbent lion, his threatening aspect and elastic build betray that he is not deficient in the attributes of the roused animal either. the cannot read nor write, but to make up for this lamentable shortcoming he is said to have invented a new and expeditious mode of severing nose and lip with a 28s circular sweep of the Uanjar. His son confide in his astute tactics no man. than in the bravery, and as he is said to thirst for blood alone, to the exclusion even of plunder, the popularity he ac- quires by the sword is increased by his proud indifference to filthy lucre. To Ld bobratitch he is greatly attached, regarding him as here and scholar alike. Were Lubo branch to find fault with the practice of piling Turks' heads into pyramids, having sentimental qualms upon the subject he would probably be disgusted, but he has frankly expressed his admiration of the scribe, who, a European in manners, is yet a regular Servian in spirit So the well-matched pair go on working together in perfect harmony, the one subring off heads, the other looking the other way while the ceremony lasts. Though the mission of the mediating con- suls has come to nothing, the gentlemen entrusted with this abortive task are still assembled at Mostar, the capital of Herzegovina There is some talk of the 'consuls being commissioned to enter into negotiations with the Turkish plenipotentiary on the delicate subject of municipal and administrative reform. If this should come to pass, the inference to be derived from it would be that the powers, not being prepared to fall out too openly, endeavour to prolong the comedy set on foot to hide their disagreement That no reforma can be obtained with the various Governments pulling different ways is certain. Russia, who availed herself of the war of 1870 to annul the Paris Treaty of 1856, is waiting for another European catastrophe to take the East thoroughly in hand, unimpeded by the intervention of rivals, Mean while she is all to maintaining the status quo, and, forgetful of her glowing prodigy towns miserable royal, sugars we Tuck By her deeds, though Bar is too GUnning to do so in words, Austria, whom opposite, interests compel to try and turn the present lull to account, advocates reform. If her demands were complied with the royal would have no occasion to wish for Russian support and annexation when it is offered to him again. England and Ger- many waver between Russia and Austria, and do not exactly know which side to espouse, when the two principal actors have suddenly changed bands. Were Austria strong enough to force her policy upon the Turk, to support her might not be considered inexpedient in London, but as Austria's fitness for so gigantic an undertaking mainly depends upon the assistance of Germany or France, the attitude of the British Cabinet is naturally reserved. France, being intent upon squaring accounts with Germany, is very unlikely to strengthen Austria's hand in a game directed not so much against Turkey as against Russia, whose alliance Bho desires ; whereas Germany, though there are those who believe that she would not be disinclined to countenance the actions of the Vienna Cabinet, is clearly not in a position to show her colours, while the Vienna powers are hardly agreed among themselves as to the policy they will pursue. As usual, the Austrian Cabinet does not know its own mind. Count Andrassy, the Vienna Premier and Minister of Foreign Affairs, is disposed to compel the Sultan by force, if he cannot do so by gentler means, to satisfy the legitimate claims of his subjects ; but he cannot do as he likes. There is a party at the Austrian Court who, with the galling reminiscences of 1866 uppermost in their minds, will not believe in the sympathy of German assistance, or, if they believe in it, would not any the less scruple to desert this Government in the thick of a combined action, could their desertion lead to the defeat of the hated rival. Hence, supposing Germany to be prepared to second Austria, nothing decisive can come of it unless Austria first commits herself to a degree which would seem to prevent her backing out of it In all probability it is the hesitation of Austria to take the leap which makes the rebellion stray to and fro as it does. From the evidence which has latterly come to the surface, it is certain that Austria at first not only connived at the rebellion, but actually encouraged it. Upon Russia . beginning to mobilise and the victorious Yemaka asking for more extensive concessions than Count Andrassy would have willingly recommended, Austria turne 1 round and allowed the Turkish troops to invade Herzegovina by way of Klek. Since then she has returned to her first policy, and without actually supporting the rebels prevents their being crushed by a further influx of Turkish soldiers. As the insurrection is sure to linger on through the winter, Austria will have time to decide by the spring. If by that time no help comes to the straggling rajah, exhaustion will compel submission. Already about 150,000 out of a Christian population of 800,000 have fled to Austrian soil, where many of them are succumbing to hunger and cold, notwithstanding that the Vienna Government spend £100 a day in alleviating their sufferings. The appeals made in their behalf by the Servian and Montenegrin archbishops are heartrending. After a long delay, the promised visit of the German Emperor to Italy has been made. The King spared the Emperor the unpleasant- ness of going to Rome, where the Pope would have been sure during his stay to curse him with demonstrative publicity. The interview between William and Victor Emmanuel took place at Milan. There was a good deal of enthusiasm displayed by the impulsive Italians, on seeing the im- perial warrior surrounded by his civil and military staff. Though Bismarck was prevented going by an attack of his eternal neuralgia, Moltke, Steinacher, Bulow, and many other famous names appeared in the suite of their Sovereign. The festivities occupied several days, and were succeeded by a short rest, recommended to the Emperor by his physicians, before returning home. The relations between the two Governments having recently much improved, it is hoped that the vivas shouted by a gay and sympathetic crowd in the streets of the Lombard capital will be confirmed by the future bearing of the Roman Government towards the German. Though Victor Emmanuel fancied he had heat consulted his interests by promising to side with France in 1870, a promise not fulfilled as France lost one battle after the other, the circumstances prompting him anti-German action in those critical days no longer exist He has not a Rome to con- quer, that capital having been handed over to him in return for the promise made immediately before the battle of Woerth, and for- gotten directly after. He has discovered Germany to be a match for France, however gravely the fact was doubted anterior to the war, and he must have realised the truth that were he again to defy this Government, Germany, who declined to help to restore the temporal power of the Pope after her victory, might be tempted to adopt an opposite course, to the manifest injury, if not to the lasting damage, of the House of' Savoy. It having been proved by the history of the last five years that the Pope has no influence upon the cultivated society of this country, while the lower classes, though they obey the priest at the poll, will not go a step beyond, it is a matter of comparative indifference to Germany whether the Pope is restored to sovereign power or not. The most important section of the Germans having already freed themselves from his dictates, will be emancipated as education progresses. The reasons which made the German Government declare against the re- papa in 1870 have ceased to be in 1876. This change in the domestic and foreign situation of Germany being perfectly understood on either side the Alps, the friendship between Rome and Berlin would seem to be established on a firm basis of common interest and mutual respect It is deserving of notice, after so many previous utterances in the same charitable vein, that the Pope, at an audience given to French pilgrims just before the German Emperor's arrival, called the Imperial traveller a new Goliath, who must be signally punished or else converted. Had anything happened to the German Emperor during his stay in Italy, would not the Pope have been held responsible for publicly asking Heaven to avenge the church on the great Philistine of the days 