JACK HARROWGATE'S LUCK. A COLONIAL TALE. By G. B. It was on a hot and unpleasant day, about ten years ago, that my friend Jack Harrow gate entered Melbourne by the Sydney-road, tired, weary and footsore. Any person who had known Jack when, a fast young blood in London, he played those pranks and com mitted those excessses which ultimately led to his exile from home, would scarce have recognised him now, as, habited in rough digger's dress, travel worn and dejected, he limped painfully along the dusty road which led . into the town. Despite his hard-up aspect, . however, Jack still retained much of that dashing look and gentlemanlike bearing which, in old days, had earned for him among his friends and admirers the title of Beau Jack Harrowgate ; and fjwhich, combined with certain qualities of mind and- heart, had won that which was to him -far more pre cious — the affection of pretty Laura Haugh ton. There was no- mistaking the clear, fearless, look in his face, and tho easy, though stiff and wearied, manner of his gait, as belonging to one who had seen better days. Have we not often met such people in the 'streets; men clad in labor-soiled clothes and smoking short black clay pipes ; yet men whom we turn to look at as we pass them with the reflection that they have be longed to a higher order at one time ! There are heaps of young fellows in Jack Harrow gate's position, hard-up and despondent, and all. the .worse oil' that they belong to no definable class — being of that miserable order known as broken-down swells. And here I may as well relate how it came to pass that Beau Harrowgate had fallen from his greatness, to make one of the ranks of these unfortunates. When Jack, as I have hinted, had run his course of wild life in London, and . it bo came necessary to bring him up with the curb, his father called a consultation of his friends to consider what was to be done with his scapegrace. ??' ' Sendrhimr.to ilndia,' said one ; 'got him- a commission ? - in a native regiment. That'll cool him.' 'Ani admirable idea;?.'*' cried another, whose -notions, of India were- derived from-:,, certain old- novelsi of his-' youth, in which ' nabobB, jewols;rupees, and rich- shawls com- ,. priBed:itheiohief-elements:of) the story.. ' ' Bah!' 6ried\ErnclofBolger;-.a white-haired' old- gentleman; with- a ruddy, face:, and a bald-i head,-...' outiofithO(. frying-pan into the fire. . Make .; a ».,lazyy .lounging.t.. brandy-and-soda:. drinking;;- billiard- playing ; soldier of Jack-:! No! theJa&'ti too good ifor. that; He wants: action,- stern i-.life,.. . hard ? ?: work,- and . ? hard* 'times. Ship : himoff I to .Australia; Jack;: That's tho place where. he'll' find, his level,.; believe me ; and maybe he'll make his- for tune. there. Ho oughtito. ( If he has half theistuff in him thatjnl think he has, he'll turnup trumps, ? Send him off to Melbourne, and/I'll give himja. hundred to help him on.' Aii&heratheiworbhyipld; igontleman drank off hia',porifc:'winaiavibh:'th(Sirakiandizest of one whoi had- apqkjenjiosian. ouacieit; . '.' And.itindebd'iihdiihadirfl. No.'/ bettor advice could/i'haKe/(boottrgiyon-^-atl-leaBb!-iJO,; better ooodrred to thOisagps-- who . lidd i'fboea t . oalled : together by Mr; Harrowgato senior, to con sider the case of his ne'er-do-well son. So Jack's father, after somo consideration, and many and divers combats with the maternal Harrowgate, .who3e conceptions of Australia — little more lucid than her husband's — were ineradicably identified with visions of wild beasts, cannibals, swamp fever, bowie knives, ague, tho free and easy institution of assassination, and the thousand and one horrors of pioneer life, as depicted by sensa tional „ novelists'. in the penny magazines — decided to ' ' emigrate ' master Jack. That young gentleman being in no wise reluctant to accept the decision of his commanding officer, was something in -his favor. He was not in sensible to the fact that ho had led an idle and profitless life ; and that it was timo at three and-twenty tor-out: the; painter- whioh held himi! to. ithe^gay- craft ot pleasure and in dolence.'.. He seized this notion of emigration as affording himan-opportunifcy to get rid of those associations :he had formed in .England — an opportunity which -.-co uld hardly occur did he remain in the old' country. And so with resolute though sad. heart — for Jack-was an r affectionate fellow - (as indeed these scamps, for -the: chief part, are), he told his governor, that ho had hit upon the very plaoe he would himself have suggested. 'I've been an idle worthless dog, Sir,' said he, ' and have given you a great deal of trouble. But I promise you I'll pull up, so soon as I get clear of England.' At which the old gentleman took his hand, and told him with faltering voice, and with tears in his eyes, that he believed him ; and ?that however hard it was to part with his ? only son, the grief was lessened in the belief that it was for the best. 'It is only for a time, Jack,' said he tremblingly, ' I'm getting old, but I'm hearty, thank God. Please Heaven, we shall meet again.' Then the. two, father and son— never, I, think, so cordial and affectionate and con fidential as now — held together during the short time Jack had to remain in England. You see they were gentlemen ; and although as men of taste and earnestness, they detes ted all exhibitions of feeling, they loved each other loyally, and showed it in their way, by their constant association during the interval between tho fiat which had gone forth as to Jack's destiny and its practical realization. Uncle Bolder came down with his hundred pounds- — nay, ho made it guinoas — and some sound advice and a farewell dinner at the 'Star and Garter' at Richmond. Mr. Harrowgate supplied another hundred and more advice ; and Jack's mother and sisters contributed their share of goods, chattels, and effects, together with the usual amount of tears, blessings and caresses. And so Jack, at last, found himself one morning very sick, sad, and sentimoutal, beating down channel, hound for Melbourne, on board the good ship ' ' War Spirit. ' But Jack's nature was too hopeful and elastic to bo long cast down by regrets or sea sickness. Forthwith he proceeded to make his life comfortable. This was by no means a difficult matter to Jack, even under the most unhappy oircuinstanoes. It was a very easy matter under tho circumstances in which he was now placed. Ho found his fellow passengers for the most part well-bred, good tempered, social people, who soon got over their qualmishness, and composed them selves to follow tho excellent example set by Mr. . Jack Harrowgate. Then thore was a goodly number of lady passengers on board the 'War Spirit,' a fair proportion of whom were good-looking and amiable. Now Jack was in his element when that element was oomposed of protty faces, coquettish glances, soft tones and so forth. Ho was a handsome' fellow, tolerably clover, not at all conceited, and possessed of that rarest of all gifts — a self-sacrificing generous nature. Not that ho was one of those fools who are played upon by reason of thoir easy dis position. Jack could bo as determined as the - most strong-minded, whore ho suspeoted trickery or sponging.; but-in all those little affairs of social life;;, which go so far to test the kindliness as wall as; the courtesy of the participants, Jack' always proved sterling gold. Add to this -i that: he was possessed off-/ many -of those. /accomplishments which, like tho: protty; scenery . of a ? pantomime, serve to give the comody its-chief attraction, and it; will be seen -that Jaok Harrowgate'u claims' to social .distinction woro of no ordinary oharaotor. He could sing raroly ; played the fluto to porfection ; read pootry with expression ; was the best whist and chess-player on board— ^and as for flirting, there is no computing his excellence. What wonder, then, that ho rapidly bocame a favorite with his follow-voyagors, the ladies in particular. What wonder that tho young rascal made the most of his fascinations; and like a judicious bagman, sooking for orders,, displayed his 'samples' with a tact and ingenuity that, were irrosistiblo to those ho sought to profit by ? No wonder at all, but on the contra -y, vory natural and proper. But Jack, like many another seeking to win. his fellow creatures, fell a victim where he had thought to prove a victor. The game lio played turned out a very serious affair indeed. Jaok fell in love. Jack the gay, Jack the debonnair, Jack the scoffer at the tender passion, without a struggle — so to speak — yielded up the ghost of his philo ^ophy, .and oried, Ad sum. Like most of !ilthose -careless, ..-generous, 'liappygoilucky; -*fellows,'. there was a*-depth of =feelingt-'andian ?iseaxnestness of'ipurposouu;:his--'aature,^whibh, i ndnly-ai ceded a; touch: of ^the.;-masteri spiritcto it; expand7. with' vigorous idife ;*- and' Jack found l;i±his -magician uin .Laura -Haughton, -.''the, \- Mdaiirtiest;aprefctiest, ;tsauciestjV gay est, j -most , lii&ffeotionate;: ilittlev, woman ??thatiever'played, ?.{idld'JHarry v with ai susceptible :-nature ; 'ithe idinicest' little piecei of --{ emale. excellence'ithat tithe sun ever shone on, ?- or i the ^breeze- ? ever, MtiBsed (Oh ! happy breeze ! Oh !.Toyal sun !) , ? -^-and that is bold speaking. She--had.'the. siBharpest wit, the moat unfailing good temper, tithe freshest- and most innocent nature, that sever- girl was blessed with, Aud Jaok, after ft' a 'few. ''faint : struggles, threw up the cards iwand:gave.up the game. He was up to his a-eara in the slough' of love ere he had been t; three 'weeks en voyage to Australia. '-'? Not that there was- anything surprising in lithis. Every young fellow who haB made a ??'voyage of the kind will agree with me, that '.:there are few conditions so provocative of ???what novelists term the ' tender passion' as those circumstances arising out of.Uhe in timacy which is brought about -by .'the con .-stant association of those who travel' on the ') broad waters. Then there are ioth.er.ma tiers cfistimulative of ^love-making-^-the imoon, 33!p6etry,i-thb ibroadAwaters,1 the-Benseu-£ sdanger wand.) (protection ) from iidnnger, a gentle; 'atten- tions ? -when 't-the Jiship 'is rtrblling n-.in s,a-u'oross --sea :»or iipitohipg-uin-i. a '???? -westerly . wswell, win i;:fact tiall ?rthe : incidents ?ivofy shipboard ilife, :;-Even /-the jiprosaic' a'elementsiof. a-voyage '.are; turnedtto-account. - 'fUHhefapsetting ofiiaoup,.':theigambols^of!pota' :titoes,'.bfcho.iecoentric ' ' evolutions' of ''roast iitfowls'iduring a'.galetof'windj iiill' contribute iin jKsomoiitidirectumannei's.tonprompt.thefatten riMonTof ione«sexr.*o-iari6ther; mnd -. f ostorsthose 2 ipleasaiifcifeolingsiofrgratitude. land kindliness T»'whichmre.'«o:fcerfcaiuly:ithe;iBide .'-.paths that . ?'.foui? ahortitho ujournoy :-of .-?-wooing -iand:: the . —labor 'of ? courtship. Amid these provocations, and indepen dently of the many and divers other attrac tions to which Jack's susceptible heart was exposed, it was a very natural matter that the young fellow should fall in love ; not in the sense in which he had hitherto conducted such affairs, but truly and honestly in love, and with pretty Laura Haughfcon. How could ho help it 1 The young girl was the embodiment of all that is attractive and winsome ; and Jack, for the first time in his life, mayhap, beheld in his. lovely fellowpas senger the personification, of all those virtues of which we hear so much from novel writers, but which, alas ! we encounter so seldom in real, hard, downright life. So that it came to pass that the young scamp for the first time tasted (the flavor was indeed delicious) all the overpowering happi ness of a pure aud unselfish passion — a happiness which, I dare say, is quite as ecstatic as it is rare Of course Laura returned his passion, else how could he have been so happy as I have said ? Jack's fascinations had not . been thrown away on the protby oroature. With out a struggle she yielded hor fresh, young heart to our scapegraco ; and when, as the ship entered the Heads, and anchored in the fairway of the South Channel, Jack told his story, ho got a . vory satisfactory rexjly from his charmer. And when, on that memorablo evening, these young people sat looking ovor tho tatfrail of tho ship into the calm and placid waters, they saw there reflected tho faces of two of the happiest, and perhaps silliest, people in all Australia. Of courso tho young people, during that sober after.convorsation whioh I am told usually follows upon a mutual declara tion of passion, agreed 'that,' for the /{present, it would-be necessary to conceal ktheirJovo affair from the younglady'sfather. .'?And: here I beg that proper people swill' not ;ihold up their hands, and turn 'up thoir eyes ftin -reprobation of such deoeitful conduct. ..?As society is now constituted, jny ? worthy moralists, deceit is an indispensible element vof our intercourse with each other. If you i and I now were to become obtrusively candid, .--and-BO-speak ' ' our sminds, ' ? .as» the phrase ?i'goos/.iinsfcoad ? of ''complimenting :-eacb othor tfOOttheMpoBseseionJofihypooritioar. virtues; we ?ishoukr'b&Apti.to;^give-i-utteraneea'toisonieTeT: markably x-nnp- lonaant ''.Sreah'sms*.' -frit woulcVntido. ^An,d«BO,a.'mubh^asJ-Jaclcson'd Laura adoreilveaoli ?? 'other, i-anaUmnbh-as! their love in«pired- themnvitlbhppe-»nd'oonfidonoe in the futuro, they had common sense enough loft to thorn to know right well that all be fore them was not quite plain sailing. Thoy were not quite so infatuated aa to believe that all they had to do was to kneel at Mr. Haughton's feet, reveal their passion, ask his blessing,, get it, and be married forthwith. Therefore, they very properly arranged, that until Jack should make his fortune — a trivial achievement, which in their glowing hope was already cut and dried for his accomplish ? ment — it-would.be necessary to ' love and isigh'iUKsecret. '^TKhien, Bfetherefore, ^old vlMr. iHaughton .-tcame'Ton ; icboaTd' for -his' 'daughter, -s.thore '?was ^nothing -irin '/that . -young alady's ?manner, :i-beyond a* a ^few 'blushes :-*and ipretty i' ft1 titterings, ^natural -and iproper ienough,vto iddicatei-the-- actual condition of i affairs; ?-?afc any rate to^isuoh. a- short-sighted old' gentleman as he ???.?was'-in.-'1 such-!matters. ? Aa for-'Jack, we know that he -was-possessed of the impudence of the ? j ???well, that it 1 took a very great deal to capsize ;his self . possession. He was as much at ease under the* ordeal of an introduction to his charmer's papa as 'he would have been under that of any ordinary social ceremony. And when Laura somewhat confusedly explained to her father how kind and attentive Jack had been during the voyage, and tho old gentle man, taking it for granted that this kindness and attention were entirely disinterested, expressed his cordial thanks, Jack, rare hy pocrite as he was, received them as coolly and collectedly as if the old gentleman's in terpretation had been the correct one. 'Much obliged to you, sir,' said Mr. Haughton, in a cheery voice. ' I shall be glad to see you at Wattle Lodge. Come ?to-morrow, -and dine withais. Wo've a cosy ;place; and as the Spaniards say — eh; Sir— eh — . r-hope'/you'' will :make^it 'your own. Ha ! iha ! i-Iiand'mytthousehold'are -at your dis -posal,*ieh— liGm'-4ia,'.i-aiid(twith these words i*he i(jo;llyiold:-fallow'-shook; -Jack ?? warmly by ihisdiand, and- carried-his -daughter; ashore, :ileav.ing--our ? Ivero' ?'very^'favorably -impressed ibyiihisv.cordial ''.reception, land .secretly re BOlvedoto' test its -spirit in' - a' very 'practical fashion. ? For- Jack'-was oneof :-those.»porsons '?.who/frank.and candid himself, '?interpreted -people'sexpres3ions-of .good-will ahd--hospi- ?tolity hi', the honest*. fashion'- with winch- he himself' would shave iuttered them, ;and:never ? foriono-.momentTegarded a kindly; greeting, lor-^a -^hospitable -oller, ^ as . 'meaning-nothing more than words. It will therefore be easily understood that Jack was in no wise back ward in taking advantage of the hospitable invitation extended to him by his charmer's papa. Few evenings passed that he did not contrive to find his way to Wattle Lodge, and, basking in the sunshine of love, pass as pleasant an existence as can well be imagined. There was no alloy to his happi ness, save, indeed, the occasional obtrusion of tho thought that its consummation was not facilitated by his present idlo life, aud that the future he was to make, ere ho could win Laura for his wifo, was as far, aud farther, from his grasp than over. But Jack, as I have attempted to show, was a happy-go-lucky personage, who never permitted unpleasant reflections upon the j)ast or futuro to mar 'present enjoy ment. So ho dangled after his lady-lovo in that idle, charming, purposeless fashion, which I, for one, think tho very poetry of love making — just as the spectacle and odors gathered through a cookshop window convoy a more subtle pleasure to tho imagination than the viands thomselves could bestow upon the palate. There was one person, ho-.vevor, of tho household who somewhat interfered with Jack's happiness. Miss Tabitha Haughton, a maiden lady of uncertain ago, a red nose, a limited supply of ill-tempered aggressive looking hair, and that weazenedaud-scraggy aspect generally, which involuntarily sug gests tho notion o£ dried herrings,- or a- neck of mutton, to one's organs of comparison, had, from the (irst, regarded Mr. John Harrow gate with, suspicion. An old maid, sho had an old maid's suspicious temper, -an old maid's impatience of youth and freshness ; aud as all hope of love's delights in thisworld werej-foi'her, gone for ever, sho was ?natur- ally .antagonistic to; thoso ? who --were1 more ?happily situated. With theshrowd;'peroop tion of one who had watched tho game of life -without participating in-it, 'sho readily per ceived who wore the players in this- instance; and, despite the -caution' with'whidh'Jabk'a-nd his ladylove conducted their courtship, she was not long in perceiving the existence of a socret and confidential understanding bo tween them. Theroupon sho immediately revealed her suspicions to her brother. But that excellent gontleman, in whoso cjonorons mind no potty thought or suspioiou could -find ?? a -'resting -^plaoo, vpooli^po'baed^ tho'8tory;C'deolarod»;thatihis- Jliftara^«i^tOdi sensible -at girfeto^f alliiu \\\ love vwifchvariuQlo Boap egraoo:.i\liko;' Jao k C'J3?arrowgate, s.'and^.td d good a girl,1 if'-sho did, to withhold 'tho knowledge from hor father. So far ballled, Miss Tabitha sot herself to watch for soino evidence by which she could triumphantly confute her brother's confidence' in his daughter, and his ridicule of hor own sus picions. The opportunity was soon presented. One fine evening, when the old gentleman had played his regular game of backgammon with Jack, and was taking his customary nap on the sofa, Miss Tabitha noiselessly 'entered- the room, /and i'disoovorod 'Master Jack sitting very cosily'by thb:fireside^ with his- arm around- Laura's waist,-i»nd ihisulips -soVBuspiciously- close to'hersv that''it:-needed ?not a certain lunmistakable '.smacking ' vsound' to reveal the horrifying * truth 'that Jack-had kissed her neice. ?'Now,'!thoughfc the vestal, ' I'll convince Lthat mole of- abrother of -mine.' And stepping quickly to the ? sofaiitpon which thatf old; gentleman reclined, -Miss Tabitha administered- a- smart- pinch'to his leg,- and having by this^means-succeeded^'in attracting his attention, directed' it -to -the young people, who, too absorbed in '-'their billing and cooing, had' not heard the '-slight noise made by old Haughton in response ?? to Miss Tabitha's pinch, and were quite inno cent of the discovery. The old gentleman rubbed his -eyes, stared, then rubbed his eyes again. For tho first time in his life he doubted the 'evidence of his senses ; but slowly the truth dawned upon him, indeed Jack's 'endearments and Laura's placid content'- were unmistakable evidences of the actual condition of affairs. 'Halloa, Master Jack,' roared tho old gentleman, when, having regarded the pair for some five minutes, he became satisfied of the reality of the scene. 'Halloa, you sir ! What the devil d'ye mean, eh ? ' What d'ye mean by putting your confounded arm, sir, around my daughter's' waist, sir ; take it away this instant. Damme,' he continued, 'this is a pretty to. do,' and, red in the face ? as a beetroot, the old fellow bounced from the' sofa and confronted the pair as they stood apart— the very embodiments of sheepishness and confusion. Well, of course -Laura wept, her father stormed, and Jack- blurted out apologies by the bushel ; while 'Miss Tabitha stood by regarding the pleasant little uproar she had created with genuine : satisfaction. At last ?the oldyentloman,direotiug his sister to take Laura to -her chamber, turned upon Jaok. 'Now sir,' said he, 'this is a very pretty ? abuse of rny confidence and hospi tality. By George, sir, I wouldn't have believed it, if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. What the devil d'ye mean, eh t' And Mr. Haughton, as is usual with easy tempered people when they once work them selves into a rage, stamped and fumed in the most violent fashion imagiuable ; kicking tho chairs about, and swearing as the most reprobate trooper or Yankee teamster never did swear. Of course Jack could make no excuse. There was none, in truth, to offer. He had abused his host's confidence and kindness ; and so all that he could now do was to con fess his fault, protest his passion for Laura, and crave forgiveness. Old Mr. Haughton's temper, if violent at times, was not lasting ; rather resembling those fierce puffs and squalls one encounters at sea, than 'the prolonged and steady fury of the tempest. Moreover ho was stout, and soon lost his breath, and being, at last, unable to speak, he was fain to listen. And when he heai'd Jack's humble excuse, and behold tho penitence expressed in his frank and honest face, he cooled down considerably. 'Humph,' said ho, 'you're a nice youth, you aro. However, it is my own fault. Tabitha told me long ago how the game was going ; but, like a fool, I did'nt believe her. But I didn't think L aura would so deceive mo — I didn't indeed. ' ' It was my fault,' cried Jnok eagerly — ' indeed it was my fault.' ' Oh, I can easily understand that,' said the old gentleman with fine irony — ' but its none the less galling for that. However, the mischiof is done now, and the fouly thing I can do is to put a stop to it's further pro gress. You'll forgive mo,iifl speak plainly. You're ponniless,--and- can't afford- to marry. You'vo your position to make, my lad, and couldn't pay for broad and butter at present. Well, 1 don't. intend that Laura should know the '; bitterness - of geutoe] poverty, if I can help-' it. So, youngster, *?you must give her up.' ' I can't j I can!t, v-irideed,' cried fpoor Jack, clasping his' hands' with a, pitiful.'ges ture. , 'Thedouoo you canit,'''orie'd'old-l'Haugh- i ton, -regarding Jaok ^with'a:'oomical air— ' 'f well, -thon, we'll alter the phrnae-^-you amist?' . ' V iiBati-heroVabk' brbko in'.wIth'Tenewed pro 'fossro-ns^bf iJiis.'-ttinaltorablo '.??and ?'?undying passion'for'Miss' Laura. Ho1- said 'that ; ho could not give hor up, bub would be happy had ho to wait . yoars, aud so forth; Jinally appealing to tho old gentleman's feelings by asking him whether it was possible for any one who loved his daughter as he loved her to resign her so readily. The old gentleman, who was not unmoved by Jack's eloquence and earnestness, sof tened somewhat as ho replied : 'My young friend, you think that what you say is tho truth. Now / think that the best way to iprevenbitheimoth-from-isinging'-itsF wings is sto -remove' the '';caridle. ?' Youiiinusfc'aot see -Laura: again.' I'But-thisiJack would' not-'hear':) of. ''-He, in turn, -became exasperated, 'land-begntt '?to1 fret i and- fume -as'young lovors'-Will' wheni-the bit 'is:firstiput:intotheirimouths-aud-they expe rience -the check' of the1 curb-rein. 't-/Ehe old gontleman -watched himi ;in iilancG for^somo : time. ^Theti'he'-said — '' Well,'; Jack, I can' feel'forvyou^lthough you:have.'treated mo so; shabbily. i'-I'll tell ?you- what'3'11- do. Lauras is-ibutn aigirl'yet. I'll giveyoubthree years to ^establiahjf'your 'self in a' position sufficiently: good; tq! guaran- tee hwfrom the risk of poverty, iilf; you can manage it in that time,1-- andfaTetistill of the same mind (which, however,'«is not likely),' why then' you may -make. a'-phir of fools of yourselves. But, understand/ I'll: have ?no correspondence. On this'-point'tyou1 will give ^me ? your word- as - a^k gentleman '—and the' old fellowiblew^his'-nose-with-'ttriiair of 'decision. After all,' this1' was not a-' bad 'offer of compromise; :and ?Jackj»;afteria--'fewi mo ment's reflection, acquiescod'-in - tho Condi tion, begging only for one last interview iwith his charmer erehe set forth' on' that 'journey we all so eagerly start upon, -but -'which, alas ! so few-:of us accomplish. ''To' this stipulation Mr-Haughton acceded, 'and1 Jack next 'morning, in the presence ' of ^IMiss Tabitha, who looked as grim-'aS'-a'imoss trooper, and as sour a lemon, bade his sweet heart a long farewell, receiving, as encour agement and hope, hor~whispored vows of unalterable constancy and love. With a comparatively light heart, and a vory light pocket — for his idle living in Melbourne had sadly diminished his little capital — Jack, leaving his 'fine 'clothes in the care of his laudlady, donned'-a digger's fjarb, and shouldering a pair of blankets, and the ordinary swng of tho tramp, set forth man fully for Woods' Point, in search of that future which was to bring him Laura aud happiness. How ho succeeded we mayguess, when three years afterwards, on the day before Christmas day, he re-entered Mel bourne, the despondent and toil-worn personage whom I introduced at the commencement of this veritable history. Jack's thoughts, as he limped painfully along, were none of tho most cheerful, and, somohow, gloomy thoughts at Christinas time are tenfold gloomier than at nny other period of the year. Courageous as he was, and full of that hope which belongs to youth, he could not conceal from himself that his chances of winning Laura's hand were now very faint indeod. Yet, somehow, he had been drawn to town, by the mournful yet tender thought that he should be near her. It is astonishing what small comforts lovers can gather from sources which, in relation to other and more prosaic matters, seem very paltry and childish. Yes! Jack thought that, at least, he should bo within a milo or so of his mistress, and in that reflection he took some comfort ; although, for all practi cal purposes, as he know, he might just as well bo at Karasohatka or on the top of the Andes. The afternoon was well advanced, when Jack, turning into a humblo tavern in Eliza beth-street, called for some refreshment, and proceeded to smoke his pipe aud rumi nate. Everybody who smokes knows the virtuo of a pipe under such conditions as that in which Jack found himself. As he wrapped himself in tho fumes of the pleasant weed, his thoughts gradually assumed a pleasant tone, and by tho liino he had finished his third pipe, ho hail arrived at tho conclusion that, howc-ver bad things might seem, thoy might, nevertheless, be capable of mending. As this thought came to him, Jack's handsome faoo lit up surprisingly; and Jack, I can toll you, was as handsome as over — handsomer, indeed — albeit, more stern and older looking, but more manly, and decorated by a surprising red beard. Ho was reflecting upon tho ? best' method of mending matters, when ? there ?? entered into'-tho room a person of somewhat;reinark ablo - appearance. Ho was' a short,- stout, thick-sut porsonago,-of a half -'-'gardener, half gftmoli eoijor appearance, ? with -a: round red face, a round rorl nose,- two '-merry round eyes, nnd a inputh''oon^tVntly 'pitdkered up into':tho shaptf of^m-'O. :'H6fc!a8 theiweather was, 'he wore a' Hpiirldb; handkerchief wound around' his noclcSvlthsBvunil folds, and tho thiok ovieroout --find doiible-broiisted waist ob'at, ? with ''which ''ho was clothed, further iidicatcd' that either from choice or uocossity, tho wcaror by no means con sulted the influenco of tho seasons in his oleotion of garments. Nevertheless he waa ? intensely watm, as the perspiration which ' rolled down his face in beads, his flushed cheeks, and his generally moist and smoky appearance, sufficiently indicated. Sitting ? down, he unbuttoned his coat and vest, puffed prodigiously, and loudly calling for a ' pint of beer, drank it at a gulp, and seemed ? considerably relieved. ' Wnrmish weather, mate,' said he to Jack, whose attention, momentarily diverted by the mail's entrance, he now returned to ?' his own affaire. 'Very warmish weather, ?? ain't it ?' It needed no consideration on- Jack's part to answer, with perfect truth, that it was warmish weather. This done, he ? returned \- once more to his own . reflections. .But the stranger seemed inclined to be inquisitive and communicative. ' Come down from iho^coantry, guv'ner. ?' ' he asked. ' Yes,' answered Jack, -shortly, ')1 ? have.' 'Ah,' observed the man. As there was nothing in.thia 'remark. call-: ?ing for reply, Jack-took; no;.notice of it, sand' ?once more' fell:back'/On'.'his:own- thoughts, i 'The 'stranger, -who '-was ^evidently conooofi ' those loquacious per.BonagBSUvhom..«oJTbbuff' can check, eyed jack forborne- minutes, varid: 'was about to address .him again, 'when: sud denly Jack .slightly altered his. position, and \- enabled the red faced man to look him' full in the face. For some moments he regarded him fixedly, his own visage wearing ra ? puzzled expression, indicative of much doubt and curiosity. At last, however, this was followed by a look of satisfaction and . -pleasure ; as jumping up from his chair, he crossed over to Jack, and peering into Jack's downcast face he exclaimed : 'Why it be, sure-Z//. It's Mr. Harrer gate, or I'm not Bob Hunt. Daang my 'buttons, sir, but I thawt I knowed ye ; I did indeed. How are you, sir, how are you ?' Jack looked up in astonishment, and with 'not a little annoyance. ' He had counted ?upon the change which time and privation ihad wrought; in his appearance to guard him ??from recognition. He had especially relied ' upon his magnificent beard to shield him. v'But, here, he had not been in town an hour ver« he was known, it was annoying ; and rturning testily to the red-faced man, he ? exclaimed with much irritation : ' And who the deuce are you, my friend ? You seem to have made up your mind as to ?who I am ; but I'll be hanged if I can do the like by you. You are mistaken. I don't know you, tbough-y.ou'v-e'jhit upon my, .name correctly enough.' ''Haw! haw;!' laughod ;tho other ;: ''that's a goo'dum, sir ; it bo j indeed. Don't ) know me ! '/Yes ye do, sir, yes\ye- do — least ??ways you '.?will when I remind. \y ou. Don't ;ye remembiirjtho gardener, sir, as you used to tip so handsome at AVattle Lodge ? Bob Hunt, sir— rfihn as used to saliow you and Miss Laurabtho r green 'ouseoaridthe ferns, .sir.' ' What!' ??cried Jack, starting up, and /now, of course, iintensely interested in1 the red- faced man. 'Bob Hunt! My good fellow, I begjyoaripardon ; I really did not ; -'know you.' 'Ah !' saidvthe i other ; ''I.'dare-say,-sir. ;' times is changotl, .-sir, -since,.yoni left ;-and, asking your pardon, 'Mr. JUarrergate, they seemed to have gone agini the grain, sir, with you.' Jack shook his head sadly, as he replied — 'You're right, Bob — they have indeed; but tell me, avo you still with Mr. Hauuhton ':' ' Lord bless you, sir,' responded the red faced man, 'no; I'm left this twelvemonth. You can't have heard, sir. The poor old gentleman got into trouble ; turned insolvent, and tho place was sold. Of course I had to look out for another billet. Dang it' — he continued, wiping his forehead with a huge bandana — ' ] got it, and a pretty billet it is. Howsomoyer, when a chap has a wife and a brood o' kids, sir, he can't pick and choose, can he ? I'm a bailiff, sir, now.' ' A bailiff, Bob ?' 'Ah! a bailiff, sir. I'vo boen one this ten months. It aint the pleasantest work, air. specially if a man's a trifle tender 'earted ; but I make money out of it. . -So -I puts up with the inconvenience, ..'as /one. might say.' And as Mr. Bob Hunt thus explained his position and his motives, ; he! buried a some what shame-faced visage ; in a pewter-pot. Withdrawing it, after a -good spoil at the contents, he went on — 'You wouldn't believe it, sir, I dare say ; but it's fact for. all .'that. Who d'ye think now I'm going to 'distrain on, sir, this very afternoon. PaoixoldiMr. Haughton, sir ; I am indeed. ' No, Bob, no ;' cried Jack, deeply moved. 'Don't say that.' 'It's true, Sir, as Gospel. I'vo got to put a man in possession this very afternoon. The chap ns is doing it, holds a bill of sale over the little furniture they have, and he's agoin' to soil 'om off — out of house and homo, Sir. It's dreadful ; but it can't be hehpod ' — and once again Mr. Bob Hunt had re course to the pewter pot, the which artis tically emptying, ho set down with ? a sigh which might bo attributed to the nature of the news he had communicated or 'the com plete absorption of his beer, as tho reader in his mood may choose to fanoy. It was sad news, and Jack was henrtily grioved to learn it. Conversing further with the bailiff, be discovered that Mr. Haughton, by a KcricB of those unsuccessful enterprises, which would seem to be cpidemio in the world of commerce, had so far embarrassed his estate, that ho had been compelled to surrender it to his creditors. This had com Eletcly ' crushed his energies, and, with roken spirit and ruined fortunes, he had re tired to a small cottnge hi Richmond, -where he and Laura, and Miss Tabitha (whose fortune had also been swallowed in the general ruin) contrived to eke out a liveli hood with the little money earned by the ladies by keeping a small school. When Jack heard this, and recalled the poor old gentleman as, he had known him, wealthy mid hospitable, 'and when he thought' of his dear love reduced to such adversity and even want, his heavtached for them. Even his old enemy, Miss Tabitha, had a shate of his pity. ' ' Poor people,' he muttered, '. arid i'l am . so powerless to help them. This iaiirtdeed sad. My darling, too, to come to -thevwant ?which her father had boasted shouldmever . bo her lot ? ' And Jack covered :;his ffaoe with bis hands, and fairly Bobbed fronxgrief. ' Ah,' said Bob Hunt, who had'ifwatche'tl him -with much honest sympathy, -'II knowed you'd take on, *sir, .-rfwheii jyouil heard- the news. Lonhiwhateehanges coomo over us. We're ? up x-toi'day sarid'idovenito-' .'.morrow, hain't vwe, .^sir; ; --arid ans -tho cold [?woman says — thereiaiii!t jaiofchiu'j substantial eexoepfe'a round, of ; beii -?anebcarrots. ZEe^sna train \'un, fsir,; 5you'llcexcuse.'3ne. tBnti.tb.is here i levying :businessrregHar Jiknoaks me, ?IE-he worst on it is,'I CMTitdottheiobomyself. 'I/m down ' for .something telae, nan'd i Ell: be .obliged to put ..one of -.the '.lOther rfellers in, and the best of 'em is --rough«arid*r.eaay.i cus tomers. I-know it'll be -torturetto:.the ^old muster to have one of 'em billetted^on 'em. ? Christmas,- too ! Ah ! it'll be a sad' Christ mas for 'em, poor folk. D'ye remember tho Christmas j'ou spent at the Lodge, .sir. Ah!, times is changed, and no flies ;' and Bob's voice, albeit a bailiff's, trembled with sor rowful emotion. Jack sat moodily smoking his pipe, think ing of the happy days he had spent at the Lodge, and full of pity for poor old Haughton and his people. The three past years -of his life had, however, cured lim of his old listless habit of dreaming, and it was not long before he aroused himself from his meditations, and bethought himself whether there wore any means by which his friend's trouble might bo lessened, if it could not be entirely relieved. ' Can't this matter be held over, Bob, ' he asked. '? Unpossible, sir, impossible. If it could it should, you may depend. But tho cove is one of those hard-hearted chaps as would sell his own father.' ' Well, then,' cried Jack suddenly, ' I'll tell you what I'll do. If y_ou?II'.'.take mo on, I'll go in as man in possession.' 'You, air !' cried Bob,'\'with amazement, 'You i' 'Yes,': repeated Jack, 'I. What does it matter? .11 don'.t' think they'd know me, and I could,.afoany.~rate, save them from tho humiliatiomtheyiimight suffer if one of your regular men- -went in.' 'Ah,' answered Bob, 'that's right enough, sir, so you would, so .you -would. But as for notknowing you.'Mr. Harrergate, I'm not at all sure. ;I'know6d you, sir, remember that ; and . if tho' mnsfcer didn't, or.-Miss- Laura, 'Which ain't likely, sir, you may; be sure .-Miss . Tabby would. Ha, ha, she'd .know ye, -sir, ?.?with 'alf a heye. There's no -xlodgin' Miss Tabby, sir — ha ! ha !' — and tho bailiff laughed heartily as he recalled the vestal's 'shrewd . and suspicious nature. Jack did not need to be told this. His past experience had 'taught him its truth pretty practically. But he was in no wise detorred by Bob's objections. 'Never fear, Bob, I'll manago a disguise. In the first place, 1'vo a board now,' and Jack, with some pride, caressed that hirsute adornment. 'That you have, sir,' assented Bob. ' Them as has eyes can see it, sir, they can, ha ! ha ! A reglar flowin' beard, sir ; squatter all over, sir.' ' Well, ' proceeded Jack, 'when I left Melbourne I had none. ' ' No more you hadn't, sir,' responded tho bailiff. 'You was as bare o' hair, sir, — asking your- pardon — as a turkey poult of feathers. Quite.a downey young gentleman, sir, you was. l -Ha, ha !' 'This,': proceeded Jack, 'of itself makes a great alteration. .Now you see,' ho added somewhat reluctantly, 'my beard is red; at least its auburn, eh ?' 'It is,: sir, '.-.acquiesced the bailiff, with a crushed and .-melancholy air. ' Without doubt, sir, '.its: reddish ; leastways, brick dust color, VBir.' 'Humph!' cried Jack, 'never mind. Now. if I got my hair and beard dyed black, d'ye think they'd recognise me then,, eh?' ' Well, . I'm blessed,' cried Bob,- in .groat admiration of Jack's resources, 'They wouldn't, sir; by* George r they .wouldn't ! : Your own mother' wouldn't ! 'Do that, sir, and you'll bo safe as a 'ouse.' It -was thereupon -agreed between the ex- gardener, and our ' hero, that the latter . should at . once proceed to dyo his hirsute appendage, as the penny-arliners : term, a man's beard, and causing it; to assume. the i blaokest hue that -art -.could confer upon it, : dress himself respectably, and.. present him- '. self to Mr. Haughton' as: Bob! Hunt's. repre- sentative. Jack- wroteva inotot- tolihis-old i landlady, which Bob ?undertobkito'delivor, ', and to ' bring the clothes vwhioh had I been- left in . -.her oare -when '.Tack departed upon his. fruitless 'journey after i fortune. Then Jack repaired to a little i French barber, whom ho had patronised in i his days of swelldom, and who was then, and may be still, esteemed very cunning and i skilful in his profession. To him he com- i municatod his wishes ; and in the courso of i a couple of hours, during whichho suffered a 1 inartydom from the abominable smells which - attended the . operation, omerged from tho ^ shop, a stranger — so far as personal appear ance went — even to himself. When he re-entered the tavern, Bob Hunt was awaiting his return. That in dividual, however, merely glanced up as Jack entered the room, and perceiving in him no ? semblance of 'himself, con'-: tinned sorting a i suspicious t bundle -:6t ::papers which ' lay .'.-before Ehim con the table. :Jack was:dolighte'd. EHdshad, .as yet, made no'ohange ?inihissclress:; tbut ;ao much-and so perfectly: ?ha'dPtheHit'tlevbatbei'Js skill altered the-.appearancG.iofdiis.iace, 'that even tho astute J3ob failddito recpgniso'iim. . ' Well, Bob, 'said our friend^Eitting down by the bailiff's fside, ''tYouidianakev.a ..poor detective- myrfrieiid^' ''What ?'a-shotitediB6b 3:Hunt-^''Wihat ! Why it f boatft-^eh'. ! -yes -it'.-be— -no— yes.- W611 J am 'jiggered '!' ?''?and ^?wiiihitheae^ex-! pressivo words he ;:slapped hhis knee -^vith: emphasis, and -:stared.-«it.- Jack, :.hid imouth' wide open, aarid^wonderment'shownvin -every: muscle oCin'isvface. ? ? ' Well«:done,dBob, tisn-!t it !' . said -.i Jack, - passing his fingera^a'tfectedly-Jjhrougbiiiis.now black locks; 'SItVa vaBtimprovemenfrtoo,: isn't it? ? Gives. a fellow quite -;a ??reaxwo'eks- look, eh?' ! Bob Hunt :replied-not in-words.;k.'butv.the' varying expression rof his face, ;.his 'frequent asseverations-to: the :efFect[ that he was'' jig gered,' and 'ram-jammed; into.»-.pint pot,' and many and other similarly .graphic evi dences of amazement . arid incredulity, rbore: eloquent. testimony-to the : perfect- success of the .disguise. Satisfied of this, Jack pro ceedeid:to still' further perfect ..the motamor phosis ;-and obtaining tho uso of a bedroom for the purpose of changing his dress, ',pre-' sently presented himself *to.the bewildere'd bailiff, ?'. so perfectly - changed of appearance, that, -as Bob'Hunt:sworo,' 'His own father' woman t own Jiim.' '^Then I'll do Bob, -eh,' : said Jack, re garding :him8elf in a '.mirror - with -.no little complacency. 'Well,' answered vtthe bailiff, 'walking around him as he eyed'Jiimi!afterithe.critioal fashion of connoisseurs in' fat cattleuind hogs, 'to speak trttth,'Sir,-rfor-a i.bailiff, \youJre.a bit of a swell. :Butratill^thisvbeingf' Christ-: maa time, — maybs it ;wonJt '-matter. And now, Mr. Harrergate, .lot- me .-give you your instructions. When; you take .possession, you know, you has to- take- -an- inventory. or list of the goods, chattels and effects as you levy on.' Bob made the most of these imposing in. structions, mouthing his words —especially thoso smacking of: legal iteration — as though they tasted well. ' Of course,' he went. on, closing ono eye, land throwing a wild significance intovtho other, 'of course, .-sir, you can tip Miss ' Tobby a hint afore -you takes the inventory, that any trifle as she might wish to keep. by. her she'd better put aside. The master, God bless his honest old heart, wouldn't thank you ; but women, specially old maids, is less pertickler. How somever, I leave that to your own judgment. But the inventory of the things must be made ; there's a list copied 'from the bill of sale which ought to correspond with your's as nigh a3 possible.' And now, sir, timo's awearing on. This is the address, and you'd better be ofi' at once ; and if it isn't speaking ridiculous, sir, I wish you a merry Christmas.' So speaking, honest Bob placed the necessary papers in Jack's hands, and call ing for some more ale, pledged .him heartily, Jack returning the compliment. It was towards the close of -the afternoon that Jack arrived at the little garden gate of the cottage in which his old' friend then re aided. It was a humble, but neat and cosy looking residence ; the trim lawn, and care fully tended flower-garden, distinguished it from the houses surrounding .. it. it was a poor neighborhood, and in such localities ono seldom beholds many evidences of taste or refinement. For the_ poor — God help thorn — are, because of their poverty, grimly realistic. Jack opened the little gate; and entered tho garden, his heart beating furiously. An elderly lady' was seated in the verandah, in whom, though trouble and poverty bad rendered her angular fea tures still more weazened and acidu lated of expression, he had no difficulty in recognising as Miss Tabitha. She was sewing industriously, and was so occupied with her work that Jack had ap. proachod within a yard of her before she bo. came aware of his presence. When she saw him, she started from her seat in some tropi. dation, and eyeing him suspiciously through her spectacles, demanded his business. As Jack afterwards confessed, ho had never felt so mean in hi3 life. I can believe it. Tho most hardened tipstaff cannot think it a pleasant matter to announce his busi ness — especially to a lady ; arid we can therefore readily understand that Jack, who was an amateur in the business, and had entered upon his first job as bailiff, felt considerably small over ?? the - matter. !But unpleasant tidings are best told at onco, and without hesitation ; and so Jack, pluck ing up his courage, very rospootfully told his errand. ? Mias Tabitha ?, regarded Jaok fixedly for some moments, then suddenly' opening tho hall door, with .'.a ?- violent wrench at .tho handle, she screamed, 'Laura ! John !' and then she turned and faced Jack again, with; a: s serious look in her face that plainly conveyed to him her opinion of the matter. ' Mr. Haughton will be here immediately, sir,' she snapped, regarding poor Jaok with % stare of mixed detestation and virtuous . resignation, 'then you will hear more of bhis matter. I — ' and hero Miss Tabitha sxtonded hor hands and ejected her fingers trery much as an agitated tarantula might be supposed to express emotion, ' I confess I don't know anything of the matter.' At this juncture Mr. Haughton came from the cottage. Poor old gentleman ! He was now no longer the hale and hearty- looking . person that Jack remembered him. Grief tandutroublo had :setibheir' mark upon him ; '?ydi i in hhis i.bowed vft«me, ^ white hair, and ijfeebleygait'-oouId'?bei8eenSib.ow utterly ad ~versijyuhablVbrbkenbhim. JH- ea'saluted Jack vCourteously,-;aridHoake'di*foraan:iexplanation -:6fahi£r:preHence. ^'iTheauon/siavbdiKff/'Ksafd Miss Tabitha, 'withiiheAair. of -iaiBrntus, -^faind.has.come to -:sellvus .off, .yra'd : put :ois iinpprison, and for caught iliknow 'to sthe contrary, have us ; hanged '.in rthebbargain ; ' and the vestal * sniffed indignantly . ?'lAiti V' r-:said i-her i.brother, ''fia - bailiff! iYou i:oome son .'.behalf j.-of SMr. rNipper, the 'ibrdket? Jl'^wasaafeaidodf tthis.. .-However, ITabby,:ifc:canifcbeahelped. \W£ll-you please ito:oome'jin,Bsir.j'i?and5tnrning,ttheiold man -.;8lowly_;lecl tthe -way tintptthecoottage, Jack 'follOTving.-JvridiMissZEabitha^.bringiug tip the ?rear. ?''.You -will ifeid -.every thingiin .its place, v8ir,'-said-- Mr.:Haughton, * 'iaridifvyou wish, con 'Check everyrartiblet-onithellistr' ?'.Humph,' ^ejaculated .Miss ..Tabitha, ?'icmayil ^ask, .brother .John, -.if, when you nnortgaged;the furniture, -you vwere good ^enough -to -include 'my :prpperty. '?for the second; time ? '^and^MusLTabby^iacear.hands 'behind rherr'«,rid,ileaniiigjfprward, -regarded her ^brother -vwith fthe iinjureil ilook -.-of a vestal c sacrificed on '..the altar.oC f farnijy_con. nection. ' ''-Hush, i hush, .--jranty'.'dear,'*/TChispeTed a -yonpg- ladyj- whanow.jbinedfcthom. ''.Don't v speakvso . to;poor papa. ; \ pray rdon?t'. ' 'uHold ??your.tongue, .ianinx,'- rejoined her aunt. ? 'Ii-shalUspeak-asiL. please. If your fatherr's-a'.fool.'.it -is -no- reason s.why I should ^suffer. il--wish7.toiiknow : distinctly, brother John.iif my^prppertyi is;include'd in- this bill of 8ale-over.the:furjDiture I' 'No, ? no, TL'abby, dear, ' -, f eeblyrresponded the old gentleman, ' '. of course. not.' ' 'Then, -sir, 'cried the virgin, turning fieroely towards Jack, ' I warn you that the piano is mine, aud that arm chair, and' that work box, and that chiffoniere,-and-aiDutch oven in the ; kitchen, and^bathiinttheout hous e, ..arid- a Take ::andi»'.hoe iincthe;^gafden, ?most.of ;the'.books,i.arid:a'Jiost.'of tthings be sides :^so:touch ?)em;at;-yaurtperil,f.8ir.' 'My dear ?lady,''criedJJabk,-jamused, in spite oEhimself, ~.by vMiss'iTabitha's vehe mence, ' I'm :not -going ito -run tho risk. And, if you'll believe moj'Sir,' he continued, : turning -to old Haughton ancl.Laura, »who sot with .'her iirni urouud her father!s;aie6k, 'It shall- not be .my fault if : this .matt or 5 is not : arranged, without Eacrificing;:yourjproperty. Pray -remember -that I don't 'ccomebhere to wilful iy-annoy- you. ;: it is .a . duty Lpihave to perform, arid I can- only -.do .this 'with con sideration- and ' courtesy. Believe imo, you shall suffer no trouble or inconvenience at my hands,'- and Jack smiled and bowed with such a gentlemanly air, that ; it ??wasiimpos- sible not be impressed by his ^wofds and bearing. Even Miss Tabitha relaxed — her fears.as.to:the safety of her goodsibeing set _at rest — aud became more disposed. to behave . in a reasonably civil- manner. As- may bB .imagined, Jack,: 'during this little explanation, had not r failed i-to steal some glances at 'his. lady love. --She was worth them. Despite the .poverty and trouble into which they had fallen, : Laura had developed into the most ? beautiful creature — Jack thought so, at any rate — that the light of heaven ever blessed. IDressed in a plain cotton dress, her magnificent hair simply arranged, and a sweet sad expression in her dark eyes, Laura was certainly a beauty not to. bo found every day :.dn the week. Jack's heart beat high as he, marked her loveliness, and under the influence o£ his emotion, his voice became as '. low, and soft, and tender as of ;old, when iho had courted and won her heart. Possibly.it was tho echo of this voice. that made Laura start so suddenly, and fix her eyes intently upon tho handsome face of the bailiff, her own blushing scarlet and turning white alter nately. Jack, the rascal, noted all this with much secret satisfaction, for he recognised in Laura's agitation, evidence that time had not erased her affection for him from her heart, and that tho slight resemblance he might bear to his former self, whether of voiee, manner or features, was sufficient to create within he? those feelings, which, as I bavo said^wero reflected in her lovely ini genuous countenance. And, so far, Jack did not regret his mission. But his agreeable ruminations were suddenly broken upon by an exclamation— ' Whore on earth,' cried Miss Tabitha, with startling energy, 'whore on earth aro wo to put the man to sleep ?' ' 'Oh,' cried Jack, in confusion; 'any- where will do for me.' 'But anywhere will .not- do for me, sir,' ?snapped the virgin, -with a snarl like that of a lap-dog; ' any whore will - not do for mo. There are ? only three, rooms 'in tho house; unless you liko to stop in an outhouse.' But hero Mr. Haughton interfered, de claring that Jack had acted so considerately towards them, that lit was but right they should endeavor to make him as comfortable ' as possible. 'So, sir,' said he, -.with a spice of his old hospitable manner; 'if you can forget your unpleasant errand, and1 become our guest for the next few days, wo will endeavor to make your stay with us' as agreeable as it is possible to make it. Will we not, Laura ?' And Laura, having replied somewhat in audibly, and, to her aunt's thinking, with strange and unaccountable agitation, that sho thought as her father did, Miss Tabitha, with many upheavals of hor eyos and mut tered exclamations, and with tho pious conviction that everybody but herself had gone Btark, staring mad, resigned herself to the position. 'If anybody had told me,' she mentally exclaimed, 'that I sbould ever sit at the same table as a bailiff, I'd have scratched his eyes out. But there, the world's turned upside down, I verily believe,' and the good lady hurried frpin the room in ii fever of ill-temper and excitement ; aurl, calling Laura to follow, proceeded to make tin; best preparations sbe could to accommodato the unwelcome guest. Meanwhile Jack, attended by poor old Haughton, proceeded to make au inventory of the goods upon which distraint was made. This did; not occupy much time, however, for Jack hurried over the unpleasant duty. ' This,' said the ' old gentleman, with a sighj 'is the last article,' and he pointed to an- old fashioned cabinet, ?which Jack remembered lie hail seen at Wattle Lodge. '1 shall be sorry to part with this, but I suppose it muse go with the ? rest of the things.- By the way, if you'll allow me, I'll collect and arrange the papers I have left in ' it,' and he proueoded to unlock the cabinet, and empty tLie contents upon the table. At this moment, however, Miss Tabitha's shrill voice was heard calling her brother, and thb old~gentlcman, with a courteous apology to theibaiWii', hatsteuud away, leaving his papers scattered upou the table. _ ? As Jack looked listlessly around the 'little room,. his eyes foil upon a parcel of letters, upon which lie fancied he saw his own name inscribed ; There could be no harm in -look- ing close, just to satisfy his curiosity on this point,. and Jack did so. Sure enough, the letters were for him. Two were in mourn ing envelopes, and Jack turned pale as the quick., thought of his father, and mother, and ' sisters, suggested a dread of some sad- news concerning them. It is not won derful that, forgetful of his delicate position, he quickly tore open one of the letters, and sought to learn the worst. Tne worst was told in the fact of his uncle's death, and that he had succeeded to that excellent old gentle man's considerable fortune. Here was news, bewildering enough to one who was playing masquavade as a bailiff. Jaolc, .still .forgetful of his position, and absorbed: in the perusal of this startling in telligence,!was still quietly reading his letters, when- old Haughton re-entered the room. To.atteinpt any description of Mr Haugh ton's amazement and dismay, when he beheld the bailiff' coolly reading, private letters en trusted to his (Mr Hanghton's) care, is cer tainly beyond my power. Ho stood . for some seconds absolutely paralysed by the cool insolence of the act, and when, at 'last, he found his tongue, ft was to utter a torrent of angry and indignant words. ?' Sir, sir,' he gasped, ' how dare you ? 'What. , right had you to read; any of my papers, much less open — yes, damme, open — letters which do not belong to me, but which have been sent to my care for a young friend of mine. I only wish poor Jack was here, and your impertinence would meet with a just, punishment. Put down those letters instantly — instantly, Sir,' and the poor old gentleman sank into a chair, parfeotly ex hausted by the vehemence of his passion, and tho vehemence of his gesticulations. The bailiff looked at him, with a quiet smile. ' Don't bo angry, Mr. Haughton,' said he, ' These letters are mine. Uncle .Bolger is dead.' . Mr. Haughton gazed at tho speaker with a kind of .terror. He thought that the bailiff had lost his reason. ? ' Those letters yours, ' he echoed. ' ' Uncle Bolger dead. Lord forgive me. Tho man's cranky.' 'Yes, sir,' proceeded Jack in a trembling voice, 'those letters belong to me. They tell me that poor Undo Bolger is dead, and that he has bequeathed to me his large for tune. I may now claim the fulfilment of your promise, made threo year3 ago. Don't you remember ? Ah, if Laura but remem bers,' and as Jack looked up with swimming eyes, there stood the younglady in the door way. It is my firm belief that Miss Laura already .entertained a shrewd notion that tho bailiff was in some mystorious fashion iden tical with Jack Haughton, her lover. The tones of his voice had first suggested the thought, and, although she had -not been able to clearly understand the matter, she was pretty confident that her idea was cor rect. She had returned to tho parlor to better assuro herself, and there stood the bailiff — love in his eyes, a smile on his lips, and exclaiming — 'Ah, if Laura but roniembers,' and the next moment Laura was in his arms. Poor old Haughton rubbed his bald head feebly, and shook it, and jerked it about in a vain, endeavour -to conjure his brain into unravelli jig-_this- extraordinary masquerade. 'If, 'thought the old gentleman, 'this is. Jack, liiex can't be tho bailiff; and if the bailiff, he. can't bo Jack. I can't mnke it out at 'all, and I'm in a,rogulur mudrllo. ? Laura, come hero this tniuute, miss. What do you menn ? - ih dear, oh dear ! What is the tneauiu^ of nil this V' and the old gentle-, nmmwrung his hands in sheer desperation. BtrtxTacjl;, still olusping Laura's waist, soon explained o very thing, and', you may be sure, gained ''golden opinions from father and daughter,' for his being there as a bailiff; and his being there as Jack Harrowgate, rich and. prosperous, too, was an unspeakable happi ness. They were all_ vory merry over his story of the meeting 'with Bob Hunt, and Laura vowod that Kho' would have nothing' furthor to say to Juck until ho hud wasliea the abominable dye from his beard and hair. Jack, said. that he would shave., his- beard,. or cut it off, or do anything she ordered him to do ; and as vory little makes happy people laugh, we may be sure there was much merriment among these happy people. 'And now, Sir,' said Jack, as he finished - his story, ' I call upon you to redeem your promise. If I have not made a fortune, I have had one given to me ;. and for all prac tical purposes, one is as good as the other. I am now in a position to accomplish what I know you so fondly desire — the protectionof Laura .from want; and, you, Sir,' who have been csu good and kind to nie, will share my good fortune. All ! wo shall all be- sc happy.' 'JJear old Jack,' murmured Laura, as she pressed his hand, aud nestled lovingly to -his side ; 'How good you are,' ' My boy,' said old Haughton, in a trem-. bling voice, ' you are very. good. You. are right in saying that my dearest hopo is to see Laura secured from want ; and I thank God that it has been through your means, for I know she loves you.' Juck looked into his charmer's eyes, and there read a confirmation of her father's words. 'And Jack, boy, you.are very good— moro than good — to olfor me a homo. I'm oldnowi lad, aud broken, or I would not be-a-burden' to you.' 'Hush, hush!' cried Jack, greatly i pained ; ' a pleasure, a pride, rathor. Sir,' greatly as I love Laura, my; happiness would be sadly incomplete, if, when. she. becomes- my wife,' you do not take tip;:your- quarters with us for the rest of your days.' 'And I will, dear boy.; Ilwill,' cried the old gentleman, now fairly melted. 'Hulloa,-. here's Tabby ' — and that respeotable vestal ? entered as ho spoke, and with her usual ao cidulattul stuteliuess. ]3ut, as she did so, and beheld the bailiff composedly, clasping' her neice around her waist ; she paused, hor very eyesight outraged and scandalised.; and uttering one loud shriek, fell upon the hearth rug, hammered tho carpet with, her heels in the most approved style of -hysterical art, and fainted away. Laura raised .her in her arms, Jack tweaked her nose, and old Mr. Haughton threw a glass of water into her face. This last had the effect of. reviving Miss Tabitha with startling suddenness. ' Ugh ! you brute,'' she-gasped,' her faco streaming. N Old Haughton winked knowingly at Jack, and Laura, her eyes dancing at some funny thought, led hor ancient relative from tho room. I suppose that she explained matters satisfactorily, for at the- tea table, where Miss Tabitha, now recovered, presided, she was pleased to smile urbanely upon her late horror — the bailiff. That-night they all sat up until the small hours, talking of tho past, and planning for the future ; and when they retired to rest, each, in his and her own way, thanked God.* When I set out with this story, I inten ded that its chief interest should be identi fied with the Christmas dinner which our happy people ate in company. But my im patience to bring about- their felicity- has spoiled my plan, so that after al), 1 have little to say of Jack Harrowgate 's Christmas dinner, save that it was a jolly good one — the turkey being cooked to a turn, tho ham juicy as a pear, the vegetables fresh as tho morning dew, the plum pudding a marvel, and the mince pies astounding illustrations of Miss Tabitha's housewifely skill ; and that the contented and thankful spirit, the merry laughter, the hearty jokos, tho kind liness and love and gratitude which hovored around and about that Christmas dinner, made it memorable indeed. If a gentle sad ness camo to Jack as he sometimes thought of the kind old imcle to whose bequest this happiness was so largely dne, it was torn-, pered by tho gratitude and loving memory in which he held him ; and he rejoiced, as the worthy old gentloman who had made him happy would have chosen that he should rejoice. *? » # * ♦ It is Christmas once more. On . the lawn in front of Wattle Lodge (bought back by Jack) stand Mr. and Mrs. John Harrow - gate. A small edition of each is tumbling on the grass. Up the gravel walk leading from the road two old men approach. They are Mr. Houghton and Bob Hunt.. ' A merry Christmas, Bob,' cries- Jack; ' Same to you, sir, and- many of 'em. D'ye mind this time six years, sir ? Ah ! that wan a start. ' ' It was, indeed, Bob,' replied Jack, as ho turned lovingly to his wife. ' Tlio first and best start, my friend, that I ever made. And sinco then I have not tarried on tho road.' ' Dear husbaud, nor I,' whispered Laura. 'God bloss you.' ' But come in,' cries old Haughton, withl cheery voice ; ' come in, Lruirii,' my girl. The night clew for the youtigstara, oli— ]ia, ha! Must look after the little bail iff ?-, eh, Jack ; eh, Bob — ha, ha ! Come in, for . I vow Tabby's calling us.' And so, answering Miss Tabith'a'a-. sum mons (Miss ? Tftbithn, who is .'still -. a ,s-hi ow, but more kindly and sour than .of- yoroj and who adores the youngsters) our friondapuas into their pretty cottage. Anil aa-thny-v t'a'ilo from our sight, dear renders, let themi' -ri-- eo witu our best wishes, that they, nitiy c-Huoi'itl many another Merry Christmas and .-Happy New Year. Manukactuiie oi' Cocoa. — ' Wo will now glvo an account of tho procuss adopted by Messrs. Jumes Kpj)n and Co., manufacturer:, of dietetic article:;, at their worlcsin tho Eustou- ioud.'Loiidon.' — Soo article in Cas.HOll'a Houxoliuld Onldo.— fADVT.1 IlllHAKFAKT. — EiTH'H COCOA.— GltATKFUIi AND COM I'oiiTlNU. — ' By a tl&rimgli;' know-lodge of tlio natural laws wliloli p-'voc:i tlio opor Mom* or digest/on ami nutrition, nnd b.vacaruful application of tlm lino i-ro- liertlcs of woll-soluotod couou, ilr. ISppd him pi-ovliled our brealtfa-t tablus with adolluatcly fin voruil bowraijx which limy mivo u» many heavy doctors' bills.'— Civil Survlco Gazottc. Hindu simply with Bolliij,' Water 01 'Milk. 'Ktiuh packet is lubelled — *- Jam us Kits and Co., Homcuopathlo Chemists, London.' 