I 'ABINTTEEENTK CENTURY :*:'. . ? STORY.. :', ", '. Ho? ot' casrriage weeas driven elowly up and ::: down before the inn in which Mr. Blimp ha *i;' unintentionally directed her, .and she herself si m'wiakinig futile inquiries of the obsequious '*'"waiter, 'when Lawrence Haughton entered '-:the hoiusb»" H came in j~at as he ueed to e-:'ednti his'bilica/ mo6dy and' eilent, but 'till w!iti?hhi'eioad"erect and hi st ep arrogant. '"'There': wt'no ahabbiness in his attire,' no ''!slouching in. his gait, no cringing in' his -*, bearing, as there hbad been in hiis x-clerk'l i h,*but still; when Honor had followed him up -,' stairs, and, after a quiet tap on the door of ;priivatoe itting- room, had opened'it before he . had time tostay the entrance of any one, she i.. could plainly see-ay, though the light was .-; dearily dim-that he had a manner strangely * 'at variance with his old self-contained assur . / Lnco. If she had not been so wrapped up in her own earnest purpose, Honor would have been literally frightened by the effect her sudden appearance had upon him. The swarthy, colour left his face, and beads of perspiration SBstood thickly on his brow. "Honor," he stammered, .his voice hard .n,.apd hueky-" Honor-you! .". ;.. : U.I "!!Yes, Lawrence.". .. , : ."You !" he'. repeated, as if the shock had: .ideprived him of the power of ntterancn, while ..h'i eyes clahive.to her face, in an almost terri <lbohervousnes'. _.";Here-alone ?" ' " Yes," ,she said again. : I, Lawrence; • and ?lone, of course,.because I came on pur ,.poselosee o you.o, n f ... gt Ha. dHejrew towardil him ono of tio unlighted Seaidles whbich.atood upon the table, and, itakling ti'liok'of wax- lights arom'. ia pocket,. 'itrick ono after ariother, all equally clumsily., '"": No, pldeae," said Honor, ttaying his "'tiand'with' gqitleness. i" Don't you think it h:is lih't'oenough, Lawrence? " ' Hedropped tthji last match, and pushed :theo'c?dleaitick froni' him ithen. he moved ' slbwly, until he stood with his back against. '.'tlBowindow; his eyes stillrioveted upon Honor, Swho ficedOthe fadinig light, beautiful in her vgravity nr 'earnestneeis. S;: i" Why do yon come ? " he faltered at list. i;;:le:there not humiliation enough' in store bfdr'ine ? "Of all the world, .why' did 'you icome?-. r'?, ir .M!, have come"s,i lho answered, quietly, d? to;ask my old guardian to let me help him now. ". , .. (.aiIHp.wRas fighting. hard, as shoe could-ee, ,wth'tlhofeelingae.which mastered him--the \- cronuesoness of; his plans being baffled, .his S.ovejos t,ihis ambition- wrecked; ahd in her S elPityhe strove to forgot overything save her 'old regard .for him and her, besat memory of biB carp and guardianship. 'Looking almost '*B sho;:uaed to.look in :those.old days, and speaking, to him almost as if he wore her ; guardian still, abo told him-without revert ",ing to,any particular crisis in Iis affairs ,bhat'.he wishod to do for him, . 10' '!Kindly and anxiously she spoke, and as he listeneod thoe faint wild hope of .her affection which .had pxisted in his mind even'to this hour died asudden and:a hopeless death. In 'he'pure warm pity, and.in memory of those oldtiimeBnwhen his home had been hors, she' ,iBhod to- resouo himr from poverty, and to lear, his name from dialionour. But there could, .never be a resurrection-day even for .the,friendship of those old times. -',"Yodu know it all, then, Honor?" he :aried, his lips stiff and dry. "Of course .Blimp went to you at once with his own sBtory•,,' ,\:'"iHocamo to me this afternoon; I hope it' .was,at once, as you say, because it will be ioll. toL.lous no time, Lawrence." " Timie-I have no time left me," he muttered,. doggedly. " Slimp will have bruiited my affairs all over Kinbury before thiaitimo to-morrow." ,.." o is to do nothing until this time to. ,prrow,! Honor said; " and then he will come to know my decision." .. On--your decision on- " ques tioned Lawronco, hbrriodly. "Has he been offering you the task of--" ', t Never mind what he offered," put in the grl .quietly. " His offers, as well as his motives, are too despicable to occupy us for a .nmo nt. In his atllish hasto he lia done what both you and I may some day tlhank him for doing. WWhen he comes to me to morrow, I hope you yourself will ioo him. It iwill be hind of you to spare ino another inter riew, and besides that he will understand bettor.from you how unocossary is his inter fdrence." ':"'Tho little dastardly thief!" muttered Sj#r.aInughton betwcon his tooth. "It is ho who has been the one to tempt mo and lower me to this pass." S$iA. pioor tempter," said Honor, in quiet i'tA? poor enough; but it is imposaiblo. tbflb8'bssinese for years with u wily, double ituii'd'main rind not find Ihis guidance grow ,;re5ll'tlrr up rtands up.nRgainsoat it at nflr 6.Wot';joppec aly," he added, with a li odlio'iiy ":ifo ne's own disposition is to g'ri~ i dnd savi and-s-peculate." . n. e:"It. must have beeni tliht," interposed H n hr,wthii?h ' gliainc"e df'puzzled anxiety; :: "'if ero'ior~'d ievr eotirivagant or rooklesa , .iyr ekpofondituro." :". .......... '?"; " . .N "-i d 'ito;pleasuiir in spending on 'iil~tlir-nrorbci uit' oroleb'ot " he runsoered, lrit~;; br Jry.u'a -"Tboiii o-fri'you' fto n ' aid it.i'nrlod'.btihmoes, 'HoLuor--titliat . saved 'my "\qi9('W liolb loigh;lin tho prsjirin o 'df e"pu-u Sr-htn(-Affid ?o''liod'oithli" o ended "I im a 'i :-rllrr.td'iid nd ~ry' only chano of,porersoinl s .-ftit'y y)i nt"ip''ut off:no? by'; a neialk wh6 *h fk'8'Jl a abritor iin'd: ecoragdrr 'all .. nl'oeg i'n 'hciil: 'lyho turned my .riling pasu. ..airfd-rid hriotdrto 'll his'wn baso. oedi."' iW-"'yh'yth'lt 1iof" him?"' risked Honor gravely ''Thrinl' of what yoU'yoursolf wish to ilidLab' Litwreino." S ft i'(i'tboo late," ho said, putting ono hand . b5for"his"oye.' ' . '" No nriot: too late, Lawronco; nor is Stllh'irhiriy risk for your personal safety, as youii iyr' You will be able to leaonvo Eungrlnd nhdr 'you chose, anid with your narmo un outlied;' Toll me if I lhave done what is riilht. ' It wani so hard for me to knuov, becaueo you, and thuen Mr. Stafford, lhavo irnniagd theuo things for mo, nnd loft mo igitHrarit. Give me your ndvioo now, Law rin'c. " Will you hlovi thi,- lnucrosasdl cheque u pon my bhankor Ira and take tihe money yo3ir'olf to Kinibury to-morrov, or will you haLv this croased cheque annl pay it in to your account at Kinbiry ? Only toll me wljichll-tho sRni is loft:for you to add." '"I-1-'' cannot," .;'/altored i,'.Lawronco, brokenly. ' : ' ' ' "' es.you can,'! she answered, :with her' pretty smiile; "you iill not let a silly pride come between you and your old ward. We have no need of a lawyer's help, have we?" "No ne~8," he whispored, in the anguish of many mixed feelings; " but I cannot take itW O Honor! you do not know the half of m' deception." 'I 'thiok I do," she answered, thought fully; "I'think that 'Mr: SlimpY would rather tell me more than less.?. " ' I must tell you, and tell yoiall," he per sisted. " Very well, Lawrence, but not until to morrow; when you come to-morrow you shall tell me -all.. Then justice will have been done to those who have been wronged or are poor." "Honor," he cried, moving in sudden haste from the position he had so closely maintained, "'how can I bear this-to rob you even more than I have done.? I cannot. I will go away. .I will go to-night, as I meant to. :- If-they. capture me-if, led on .by my.own clerk, they:bring me back to face the law-it will be simply justice after all; while. this--No;; I" cannot do you such a wrong.' "The wrong- has been done to others, Lawrence,"? said Honor, sadly ; " what I ask is that you will repair it as far as you are able.','.. "As far, as I am. able!." repeated Law rence, bitterly. '"No;-it is.yoa.who would save. me, from disgrace and. publicity, and I cannot take more from "you,, Honor. I will leave England. tonight.": :.. . . * "Not to:night," she said,- with gentle kindness, as she, put the cheque into his hand; "I 'would not persuade you' against going,Lawrence, because you may think it best, but you will notgo under fearof pursuit, leaving your wrongs unredressed and bearing the terrible consciousness of having -injured those who trusted you." .. S"But it is done." "'Yes, it is done," she echoed, sadly; '" but we can make amends.. Every one must have what is due to them; and, Lawrence my, dear old guardian-you can go then with. a name which is not hated and dis honoured." He ,stood unmoved while she laid the paper in his hand, but she knew that this was the chill of agony, not indifference. SIf," she said, with a great effort to speak cheerfully at last - "if lawyer Haughton chooses towind up-his affairs and go abroad what wonder, need it cause? Such things are almostiof common occurrence now." "' I can-I can sell my practice then," put in Lawrence, . with a sudden break in his misery. ;'"If I wait in England to undo this .evil, then the practice will be worth what it was before, and I shall not be utterly penniless" .... ,"That. will be pleasant," she remarked, with a smile. "! You will come to-morrow. Lawrence, and tell me all is safe and well. NowI must go.' "But,"' .he said, with a change from his short-lived- excitement, "you could not do this Honor, if you knew what had been my lastoffort at degradation-you who thought so kindly of Gabriel Myddelton and through all believed: him'innocent." "IL do know," she said quietly, when he hesitated.. "Slimp told you that too, did he ?" Law reonce Haughton cried. "And did he tell how I, like others, had been a blind fool all along, and that Gabriel Myddolton was innocent " "Yes, he told me that; and he told me" -the struggle with which she tried.to say these words as she had said the others was most pitiful-" that you were mistaken when you thought that Gabriel ?Myddelton had come home as Royden Keith." As there came no answer, she made the words a question, raising her eyes longingly to his. " Was that t'ue, Lawrence ? " "I suppose so; but Heaven only knows," he answered, pottishly. "It has beeoon a studied belief of .mine for two years. How can I root it out so suddenly ?" "But if he had been our cousin Gabriel would you not immediately have recognised him ?" "It is more than twelve years since I saw Gabriol Myddelton," Lawrence answered, moodily, and unconsciously betraying his own doubt. "But remember, Honor," he added, hurriedly, " that, if he does prove to be Gabriel, and is innocent, or even if Gabriel Myddolton eventually turns up, you have nothing to fear. Old Myddelton's money was willed to you, and no man on earth, oven being a Myddelton, can claim it from you. Remeomber that, Honor, my-" But a sense of the fitness of the things was able just then to restrain oven Lawrence Haughton. He could not see her taco plainly now, for the twilight had deepened to the first darkness of the summer night, and the window was narrow and its panes not over-bright; but lie spoko with a change of tone. " Honor, forgive me; and you will re member What I say. if I am not hero. There is no flaw in Lady Lawrence's will, aii old 'Myddolton loft her the power of bequeatling his wealth, without any rostric tilin:" S" Yes!' sehe said, ibdently, as she offered him hihr hand; "I romomber." He - idid.it tighitljr in his own while the old passionrising with a greater strength th'anh eover, wrote its 'lines upon his hard stern facedr;: hilo lie crushed bacok with i.' violdnt ffortf the pitiable confession which resh'a'd'witli almost conquieriug force to his lips. , "I shall seo you to.morrow," he whis porodi"" for the last time; and it might havo eoon thiit----" Then he utterly broke down, and it was some minutes before he regained the mastery over himself. Not another word could he utter as he took Honor down and put her into her car riago-- not even in answer to her kind good by; and whellon sho haed driven out of sight lhe wvs still standing there iupon the pave meont wheore aslo hld loft him, lost in a deep, regretful dream. In lpite of the cheeoory look and smile, HLonor's heart was very hleavy as sho drove homes; and through all this doubt would force itsolf--Was ohi fulfilling well tlhe trust whilh liher great wealth had brought iher? Onlly lher own hloart could answer tisn ques tion whichl it asked ; hut elho know ,:hat ilo such hseitaction could have otayed her in this visit to her old guardian. It was quite early in the afternoon of tlhe next day that ihe came to IKensington ; and, i epi ~'of thie weighb t of slanmo which bowed him down, whoen he bogged hea or to let him tell her of his delinquencies and debts, she saw a marked changed in him which reminded her of one or two far-back days:in her old home when Jane and Phombe had been away and .be had tried to make his favourite happy without vexing her by any sign or uttered word of love. She interrupted him continually when he enlarged with a morbid self-torture on his own business failures, which as she had rightly guessed, had been maliciously exag gerated by Mr. Slimp; and they spent a not unpleasant time together before the hour for the clerk's visit. " You will come upstairs, Lawrence, when he is gone, won't you?" Honor said, when she rose to leave the room at Mr. Slimp's approach. "I shall wait for you. Phoebe is shopping. I shall be quite alone." She sat and waited for him, without offer ing to take either book or work into her hands, her thoughts too deeply engrossed by her old guardian's possible future, and too intensely anxious over it. But she had not long to wait, and she turned with a smile when he entered. " So soon, Lawrence! I am glad." "Yes-he had no wish and no need to stay," said Mr. Haughton, coming forward with a curious and uncharacteristic air ofdif fidence. " He tried two or three different experiments ; he tried insinuations and threats and promises ; but from the first he saw his mistake. Honor, you bade me help him for you if he were poor; but he is not poor. He has carefully guarded his own interests always; and, though he is baffled and mortified, it is after all his own doing, and he has not left himself in any awkward circumstances-trust him for that." '"Then we may dismiss every thought and even memory of him," said Honor, with a sigh of relief. " And now, Lawrence, tell me more of your own plans." They sat together for a quiet hour, talking of these plans and hopes. It was an hour which even Honor remembered for years, while for him it was to be of life-long memory, shining like a star in his gloomy past, and ever loading his thoughts to those better things of which she spoke. His eyes and lips had lost their hardness when at last he rose to say good-by. Honor had heard Phmobe Owen's return, and with her hand upon the door she stayed him. "You will like to bid good-by to Phoebe, Lawrence ?" " No," he cried, hurriedly, " no; let yours be my last. What is Phcobo's compared with-" "Stay one minute, Lawrence," she inter rupted, grieved to see this momentary return to his old manner. "I will send Phcobe, and yet I will have the last hand- shake. Phcbo was once your ward, as I was. We have only an equal claim upon you; and this, you say, is to be a long good-by." Before she could answer she was gone. "Phcobo," said Honor, watching her cousin's face rather curiously as she gave her message, "will you go and see Lawrence? He is going abroad, and is coams to bid us good-by. I shall come in to you presently. And suppose I order tea? Lawrence will not stay and dine with us; but still he may afford to idle away five minutes over a cup of tea." S"Is Lawrence really going abroad ?" The question came from Phcobo's lips freighted only with surprise. Honor saw this with a feeling of thankfulness. The time was come for which she used to long, and Phcobe's inexplicable infatuation was over. "Why is it?" inquired Miss Owen, standing placidly for her maid to arrange her tunic after the inevitable crushing of the drive. "Why is he going away so sud denly ? " "You forget that we cannot expect now to be aware of his plans until they are made public. If he had been intending and pre paring for this for months, we should not have known it." "No, I suppose not," rejoined Phmbe, with the ghost of a sigh. "I'm ready. You won't be long, Honor ? " Honor smiled at the request. It was so unlike the old times, when, to gain a few minutes of her guardian's sole attention, Phcobe would have practised any harmless stratagem. She waited only a few minutes, timing her entrance just as the footmen carried in the trays; and Lawrence did stay, and Honor's purpose was successful, for the parting was an easy, natural parting, and Mr. Haughton's feeling was that he had left the house with true friends who had genially and pleasantly entortained him-not that he had departed in bitter humilation, with coals of fire heaped upon his head. This was Honor's intention and she had, as usual, brightly worked its fulfilment. " Honor, how can it be ?" cried Phcobe, when the two girls were loft together again. " To think that I have parted from Lawrence, and yet am not brolkeon-hearted! I can hardly beliove it-can you ?-- rmembering how different things used to be. I wish he would have told me what first induced him to form this plan." It was because Honor had feared such questions for him that she had not left him long with Phetbo; but it would seem that Miess Owen had made time for several. " Janowill be pretty lonely attho Larchoes" she continued; " but she will keioop the house on, Lawrence says. Why, June never had above a hlundred a year of hier own, had she, Honor? Do you think she can manage to live at the Larcheson that? Lawrence says Slimp is in London nowr, and likely to stay here. I wonder whether hIis leaving the offico had anything to do with Lawrenc's decision; because I always thoughlt Slimp would stay in Kiinbury all his lifo-didn't you ?" So the girl ran on, but Honor managed to ovade her questions; while every minute now, as night drew on, hler own anxiety grow greator and groeater for tidings from Horvey, or tidings whicht Harvey might possibly bring. yTo be contlsied. A Waverley, Is., couple who woro married lhalf-a-dozen years ago and divorced in two or tllreo yoears, hIavo just beeoon re-married, lovo fobr their boy having drawn thoer to gother again, and this is the second case on record in tlhe county wheoro the same couple were nmarriedt to oeach other twice. By declining to eat thigs that you want because they are unhealthy, by going to bed early whleon you want to sit up, and by making your lifo wrotched in a thousand wvays, you hIave a chance of living to a ripe old ago, if that is any untiafaction to you. American paper. 