Miscellaneous Items. The Devil. — In an artiolo on tlio Ghosts of Modorn Spiritism tho Saturday Jlevicw makes tho following amusing roforonoes to ourrontly beliovod transactions with tho dovil in past agos " Tho dovil of tho 17th oontury belon- irod to a vorv inferior tvno. Ho annoarnd as a hodgoho"-, ns a black dog, ns a man in black, und dealt in tho smnlloat sums. Sixpenob sooins to havo boon tlio amount ho usuully -gavo his votaries on receiving what they considorod to bo tlioir souls, and upon ono occasion lio only gavo 4d. at tlio conclusion of a bargain. Considering tho improvement thnt ims boon effootod in tho oondition of tlio country gentle men and tho agricultural laborer, it is not too muoh to say that oxporioncos of this nature cannot he contemplated by tlio most sanguine and most eager, as likely to occur again ; tlio sums wliioli, will bhaugo lunula will liavo to bo far. larger, and villages in Somorsotshiro cannot hopo to bo similarly favored whon tho riso of populous towns is taken into consideration. AVncn tho dovil was constantly in tho midst of tho uninformed nnd tlio ignorant, thoro was nothing for him to' do. Tliero would bo littlo difficulty in finding him cuiploymout at tlio prosont timo. Instead of cleaving tlio Eil-lon hills iu tiireo, or building riokotty biidgos noross country streams, ho might bo fitly ora- ploycd in cleansing our rivers, and if his en deavors woro attended with succoss, no ono would grudgo him q local board or two or a corporation for liis p-iins. A Clevue Do nay) — California boasts, among other greutnoskos./thiit slio lias u paintor— jfciujii,, xuuy Aioseiicniu — wno nils pnintea what we uro pleased to term a mnstorpiooo, taking liis'idoafrom ono of Tennyson's pooms, whoro "Elnino" boing dofunet, "tho doad, stoor'd by tho dumb, went upward witli tho flood." Now, "Eluino" boing purchased by a Califor- nian, was exhibited in ono of tlio picturo gnllo- ries with whioli tlio city abounds, the ostensiblo reason being to onnblo our citizons to viow tlio pioturo, but a oliargo of 25o. a head had doubt- Josssometliing also to" do with it. Somo lmlf dozen thioves having, no doubt, iu romombrnnco tho largo sum offered for tlio stolon " Murillo " from tlio oliuroh in Sorillo, thought thoy could nlso do Uio snmo horo. Thoy accordingly out " Elnino " out of tlio franio ono ovoning, and disappeared witli it. Groat constornation on- sued, and peoplo who did not know anything about ltosontlml boforo know nil nbout liim tlion. Ararioua woro tlio surmises, not ono of whioli wns oorrect. Ilowevor, no reward was offored ; tho polico wont on tlio track, and, hav ing found ono of tlio gang, who ponohod, arres ted tho lot nnd recovered tlio picture, and thoro was muoh l-ojoioing thorent — so muoh so thnt ono of our daily papors issued an " oxtra," ul- tliougli it was Sunday. Tlio upBhot of tlio nftnir lias boon to advortiso ' Eluino " nnd its paintor, ns nlso tlio firm who runs tlio gallery. It also inducod somo 10,000 pooplo to pay two hits npieco to visit tlio wondor. Not result, 25 j0 dollars. 