PUBLISHED DAILY. "¡ r am In tho place where I am domanded ot conscience j to speak the truth, and, therefore, tho truth Ispeak4 I impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and othor communications intended for in- sertion in the nowa columns should bo addreasod to [Tua EDITOR. NO noUce can bo taken of auonymous communications. Every lottor muBt bo accompanied by the name and addicee of tho writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantco of good faith. Rojoctcd communications cannot be roturnod under any circumstances whatovor. To avoid inconvonlcnco and delay to persons Interested wo havo to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisements, orders tor tho paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON and MACKINNON, and not to TUB EDITOR. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1875. It was at one time rumoured that tho Opposition had determined to abandon the intention of having the amendment of which Mr. TUCKER had given notice proposed in committee". We pointed out on Saturday last the obstacles in tho way of an attempt to bring it under the notice of hon members in this manner. The committee was appointed to consider the proposed new taxea alone, and not to discuss the propriety of a dissolution. The 129 th section of the standing orders of the Legislative Assembly says, " A committee shall con " sider such matters only as shall have " been referred to them by the House ;" and this rule appears to be in accor- dance with the custom and usage of the House of Commons. Under the cir- cumstances people may have thought that the Opposition would abstain from attempting to take an irregular course -a course which could only end in failure. But inasmuch as the object Mr. BERRY and his friends have in view is the Bteady obstruction of public business, this inevitable result did not deter them. An utterly useless attempt to flout the constitutional authorities might not be of any direct benefit to their cause, but as it would enablo them to waBto another evening, it was not altogether without its uses. Accord- ingly, when the time arrived, Mr. TUCKER was put up to throw away his eloquence on an amendment which had already been virtually ruled out of order, and which was no sooner pro- posed than it was condemned by the Chairman. Having thus put a stop to all busi- ness for the evening, the Opposition was graciously pleased to announce its intention of bringing forward a similar amendment in the House after the holidays. We trust the country will be truly thankful for the pro- spect thus afforded it. Mr. TUCKER'S proposition simply affirma the desir- ability of a dissolution, and we would ask, in the name of outraged common sense, what good can possibly arise from any further discussion on such a threadbare topic Î The debate on the financial proposals of the Government and Mr. BERRY'S amendment thereon, lasted for four weary weeks, and during its con- tinuance most horn members found an opportunity of expressing their sentiments with regard to nearly every subject under the sun. The question of a dissolution was then debated from every imaginable point of view, and it is doubtful whether a single new idea on the subject will be forthcoming, even if the-promised discussion " stretch " out to the crack of doom." Mr. BERRY is anxious for an opportunity of placing before the constituencies his reasons for desiring to refer the matters at present agitating the political world to their decision, but surely he must be aware that he has done so already usque ad nauseam. He has said over and over again that the representative of the Crown should always accept the advice of his Brime Minister for the time being on the subject of dissolution ; but as this position ia traversed by his oppo- nents, a simple repetition of the grounds on which it rests will do nothing to establish it. He has affirmed, till we are wearied listening to the averment, that he had special claims to indulgence; but this is denied. He has never tired of contending that ho has the support of the country, but the claim is only laughed at. How much nearer will he be to the Treasury benches after he has gone over all the old ground again, and perhaps wasted another month in the operation > | Of course neither this nor any other Government can prevent an hon. mem- ber bringing forward any motion or amendment he may please, so if the Opposition is bent on amusing itself and disgusting the country by serving up a rehash of its old speeches after the recess, the majority is powerless to avert the calamity. But we agree with Mr. MURRAY SMITH, that no facilities should be afforded by the Government for the prosecution of this design, unless with a distinct understanding that both Bides of the House will abide by the decision arrived at. H the Opposition would undertake to abstain from any further obstruction, should Mr. TUCKER'S amendment be rejected, then we think the Premier could not do better than to expedite its discussion by every means in his power, but not otherwise. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM seems to consider that it virtually amounts to a motion of want of con- fidence in the Ministry, and we are not prepared to say that under ordinary circumstances it would not need to be regarded in this light. But when a party in the House openly proclaims that it regards the fate of the motions proposed by its members with perfect indifference-that its course of action will bo the same, whether they meat with acceptance or rejection-then we sub- mit that its proceedings are not entitled to that recognition which would other- wise be accorded to them. Whenever a genuine motion to test the confidence of Parliament in a Ministry is sub- mitted in accordance with constitu- tional custom, the Government for the time being is bound to put a stop to all other business until the question is settled one way or another. But it is under no obligation to stay the progress of public business in order, to afford its opponents an opportunity of "trying " again," whenever a hostile movement comes to grief. With regard to the substance of Mr. TUCKER'S amendment, we have little to say. It affirms that as the Ministerial proposals involve " a radical change in " the present system 'of taxation, it is " only just and right that the con ", stituencies should have an opportunity ', of expressing their opinion thereon at " a general election before such propo " sition for new taxation receives the " final sanction of Parliament." We deny that the scheme of taxation propounded by Sir JAMES M'CULLOOH does involve a radical change in the present system of taxation. It leaves existing taxes pretty much as they are, and only goes the length of supplementing them by im- posts on various descriptions of pro- perty which the people have been deBirouB of seeing laid under contribu- tion for years past. No one can deny the abstract justice of compelling evory species of wealth to yield its fair quota to the necessities of the state, and if at some future time the country should decide that land had not been sufficiently bur- don.d, there would be nothing to pre- vent the majority of the day increasing the cess proposed by the present Govern- ment. If once the principle bo esta- blished, that Parliament is not to legis- late on any important subject without first appealing to the people, we may say good-bye to any hope of seeing those measures passed into law, the Want of which is doing so much to retard the progress of the country. Of all the examinations held in this colony, there is none which attracts so much interest as the University matricif lation examination. This is demon- strated not merely by the fact that largo and annually-increasing numbers present themselves to the examiners, but also by the annual reports of our chief schoolmasters, who, as Professor IRVING stated in his school report, regard this examination as their great assize. This test of proficiency has been criticised in various ways at different times, but notably in two different utterances which have lately fallen from two gentlemen occupying very high educa- tional positions in this colony. Mr. MORRIS, of the Church of England Grammar School, expresses the opinion that this examination has grave faults, in that it encourages cramming and hampers work. Professor IRVING complains that a deliberate attempt has boen made to raise the standard of tho ex- amination on its language side, the amount of work demanded from candi- dates in the language department being greater than that demanded from tho mathematical candidates. The latter gentleman would appear to hold tho opinion that a candidate should be re- quired to pass in six subj ects, and that the amount of knowledge required from the candidates in those subjects should be moderate, definite, and acquired by text- books. Mr. MORRIS'S opinion would seem to be opposed to that of Professor IEVING. He, it would appear, is in favour of reducing the number of sub- jects which a candidate may take up, and of abolishing text-books as far as possible. His idea of a suitable examination for boys is that they should rather read more deeply in two or thretf subjects than less deeply in six or seven, We must say that wo have much sympathy with any plan which may contribute to abolish cramming, but it is plain that a total abolition of text books on every subject would present great difficulties. In the case of classics, for instance, if composition were de- manded from candidates instead of translations, it is plain that only the pupils who have the good fortuno to attend our best public schools would have a fair > chance of passing. A dis- tinct and not unsuccessful attempt has been made to remedy some of the evils of cramming, by presenting to the candidates passages of Latin, Greek, and French to be construed at sight, and further, by introducing a text-book in English whose design is to encourage thought rather than to give a üst of rules in grammar and composition. We aro inclined to think that the true direction in which any changes in this examination should be made would lie in that of reducing the number of necessary subjects, demanding moro knowledge in each, and allow- ing compensation for inferiority shown in one subject if brilliancy be shown in others. We are aware of the obvious objection that may be made to this course. It may be Baid that one- sided men may enter the University, men who have displayed talent in language and literature, but who have a distaste for mathematics or for physical geography. But the University surely ought to depend upon her after examina- tions to stop such men, if it be thought desirable to stop them, at any fence in their educational course. By all means let us admit as many men as we can as matriculated students, and let us not sift them at the outset through too fine a sieve. One reform which might be made at once in our University teaching would be the formation of a modern language school, and we hope that the faculty of arts will see to this as soon as it is established. It is a manifest absurdity to examine can- didates for matriculation in French and German, and then to decline to teach them any more in those subjects. Before concluding, we may remark that we hope candidates will not be dis- couraged from presenting themselves in the language subjects at matriculation, because, if they examine the statistics, thoy will ascertain that tho percentage of passes is higher in English, French, and classics, by at least one-fourth than in the other subjects. We published a letter about a week ago, in which the writor, after referring to tho importunate solicitations for subscriptions to St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage which had boen addrosBod to him by some fair canvassers, complained that, in so far as this particular institution ia con- cerned, thone who contribute toithavo no means of knowing whether thoir dona- tions are really applied to ihe purpose for which thoy are asked. Since then, cer- tain factB nave come under our observa- tion which provo that this complaint is thoroughly well founded, and that tho subscribers to the orphanage are very much in the dark as to what becomes of their money. If it were maintained by Roman Catholics exclusively, the irrespon- sible administration of the charity would not call for comment ; but the institution is regarded-and rightly so, wo believe-as being one of such a beneficial character that many Protestants contribute freely to its Bupport, and thoy aro entitled to some sort of guarantee that their subscrip- tions or donations are not diverted to objects of which, perhaps, thoy might strongly disapprove. Wo aro far from assuming that this is the case, butseoresy always begets suspicion, and a system of financial unaccountabihty is not unfre quently found to cover unaccountable mismanagment, or something worse. Wo see no reason why thb Christian Brothers who supervise the Orphanage of St. Vin- cent de Paul should not publish an annual report and »properly audited atatemont of accounts, like the other orphanage. For, if they accept, and even solicit, the contribution- of Protestants, they ought not to object to comply with those usages which are adopted m this respoct by all Protestant institutions supported by voluntary subscriptions. If they declino to accede to so reasonable a request, thoy must not feel surprised if many welt wiehera io their benevolent efforts decline to continue to support thom. No roally well-conducted charity can suffer by the utmost publicity being given to its transactions, financial or otherwise, aud in thia case the managers of the Orphanogo havo nothing to lose-as- suming thoro is nothing to conceal-and everything to gain by the adoption of tho course recommended, Evoryono must havo boen struck, wo think, by the deaths which havo occurred recently from drowning. Evory day appeals to bring intolhgonco of somo lrfo having been lost in this way, and, doubtless, before the Bummer is over, the list will havo attained -very formidable dimensions. People will bathe during tho hot weather, and the rivera and waterholes of this country aro, as a rule, mero death-traps to those who cannot Bwim. They got carried out of their depth by currents, or dmappoar in consequonca of somo Budden irregularity of the bottom, aiid then, unless aid ia at hand, all is very Boon over. If assistance is near the catastrophe is sometimes ron dered'moro deplorable, for tho would- bo rescuer occasionally sacrifices hia lito in this charitable and praiseworthy attempt to succour the man, woman, or child in distress. When wo rofloct on thoae things wo cannot help wondering how it ia that anyone ia allowed to grow up with- out learning to support himself or herself in tho water. , Tho art of swimming is very easily acquired, espocially if studied when young, and once got hold of, is never loBt. When once a person haa learnt to swim and becomo accuatomed to the water, ho will never forgot the pro- cess, even if he should not have any prac- tice for years. Seeing that so groat and lasting an advantage may be so easily attained, we think that paronts and teachers should do everything thoy pos Bibly can to encourago or oven compel children to become swimmers. Many valuable lives would have been saved, and an unimaginablo quantity of misery prevented, if this art had formed part of tho education of both Boxes. \Yo aro continually having proofs forced upon our attention of its valuo. Tako tho most re- cent one. In our issue of Thursday may be found an account of how a boat containing a youth and two young ladies was capsized some 4.00 yarda from the St. Kilda pier. One of the young ladies could not swim, but the othor took her to the boat, on to which she hold until assistance carno. What the roault would have been had none, or only one of tho party boen able to swim, we loavo our roadors to imagine. Thoro aro many things which young pooplo considor it disgraceful to bo ignorant of, and surely the art of swimming should bo ono of them. On the Legislative Assembly going into committee of tho whole yesterday afternoon, to resume consideration of the proposed new taxes, Mr, Tucker moved, as an addition to the proposition before the Chair, hia résolu- tion declaring that au appeal to tho consti- tuencies should be made before the proposed new taxes were finally sanctioned. The Chairman read the authorities on Parlia- mentary practice, quoted in The Argus of Saturday last, and ruled that the amend- ment could not be received, as it did not come within the order of reference to the committee. A discussion ensued, and Mr. Wrixon suggested that the Government ehould name a day for the consideration of Mr. Tucker's proposition in the House. The Government were prepared to do this on condition that the Opposition agreed to abide by the result, and to proceed with the public business in the event of the proposition being negatived. lu the absence of any such promise, however, it was pointed out that to allow the resolution to be dis cuesed would be nothing short of assisting the Opposition to delay legislation without the smallest chance of any other object being accomplished. The Opposition of course de- clined to accept the resolution os a final ¡¿eue, and an aimless discussion was con- tinued until half past 8 o'clock, when, it being clear that no business would ba done, the House adjourned for the holidays. The Legislative Council ycBterday trans- acted some most important business. The hill ta extend the time for the collection of tolls was received from the Assembly, and passed through all its stages almost without comment. The Amending Land Bill, or, as it ia now to be called, the Pastoral Tenants Rent Hill, next came on for consideration. Mr. Anderson, in moving tbo second read- ing, pointed out that it could not be con- sidered as ex post facto legislation, inasmuch as there had been no previous oppor- tunity during the present year of bring- ing forward the present measure, although it waa well known that the Land Act of 1809 provided that the re-adjustment of the asaeBsment on stock should take place after that act had been in operation five years. The discussion that ensued was not a lengthy one, and although several of the speakers expressed disapproval of the bill, the second reading waa allowed to pass un- challenged. It was at once pushed through all ita remaining stages, and shortly after 8 o'clock Hia Excellency the Acting Governor entered the Council Chamber, and gave the Royal assent to both bills. The Council then adjourned until Tuesday, January l8, 1870. In answer to a question in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Kerferd gave some information as to the progress of the evil of Chinese lotteries in thia city. It appears that the number of Chinese lottery-houses has not increased in Melbourne during the last 12 months, but the number of lottery- ticket Bellera has materially. These agents are increasing daily, and are begins ning to infest the principal streets. At pre- sent there are 10 Chinese lottery shops, ia each of whioh two drawings take place daily. The number of Chinese obtaining a living by the above means in Melbourne is between 400 and COO. There are five fan-tan houses, which are frequented almost exclusively by Chinese, of whom 9 to 60 attend in the forenoon, and again in the evening. There can be no doubt but that the existence of those Chinese lottery shops exercises a most per nicious influence, as tbey afford a ready o means of gambling with small sums of money, which is indulged in to a large ex- tent by the labouring classes and boys, who from the apparent ease of winning large sums, aro induced to venture suma far in excess of tbeir means. To effectively put down theae lottery ahopB requires a very stringent act, both ogainBt the keepers and ticket sellers. The Government, Mr. Ker- ferd said, were fully impreaaed with the necessity of dealing with this matter, and as Boon as the State of public business would permit they would proceed with the measure now before Parliament providing for the suppression of these gambling-houses. In order to meet the numerous demands for otate Bchools in the country districts, the Minister of Education has resolved to cal. for tenders for the construction of 70 portable wooden school buildings. These buildings can be ereoted in any localities where they are required, and will supply temporary ac- commodation at a Bmall expense. In many places where the population ia ol a shifting charaoter the department do not feel justi- fied in ereoting permanent buildings, but these temporary structures will be Bnffloient for all requirement», and can be removed to other places ii the population leaves. Tha cost of the 70 buildings ia estimated at £8,000. j Mr! Gannson's constitutional instincts are violently outraged by the foot that two mem. tiers of the Government retain their offices without having Beats In the Assembly. He has accordingly, given notice that on the 11th January he will "call the attention of the Premier to the defeat of two members of his Administration by decisive majorities in the large and important constituencies which they for some considerable time represented, and to the continuation in office (notwith- standing their defeat) of such rejected Ministers ; and ask what steps he will take to fill up the responsible offices of state now so unconstitutionally hold by Bach rejected Ministers." Mr. Gillies stated in the Legislative As- sembly yesterday that the lithographing of tho maps Bhowing the roads in each muni, «ipality, as asked for by the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs, would cost £3,000. Mr, Higinhothatn gave notice of his inten- tion to move on the next day of mooting that the1 maps be lithographed. It was elicited, in answer to iiaostions hy hon, members in Hie Legislative Assembly last evening-that on the following day the officers of the Kew Lunatic Asylum would be requested to reply to the state- ments contained in the published statu- tory declaration of Ellen M'Kee, a dismissed attendant ¡-that the matter of a common for Heyfield, North Gipps Land, would be dealt with as soon as the local land board sent in its report ¡-that consideration would be given to the ques'ion involved in the Supreme Court action of Harper v. M'Kcnzie, in which the onds of justice were frustrated ; -that if it were true that there was a dieogreement among the truatees of the Melbourne General Cemetery, and the matter were brought under the notice of the Minister of Lands, it would be at tended to;-thattheGovernment intended to bring in a bill to amend the Electoral Act early next session ¡-that the department was not liable for the value of the goods of Martin Ford, alleged to have been burnt in the Avenel goods shed ¡-that all the Parlia- mentary officials would have a week's holi- day at Christmas ¡-that the Sandhurst and Inglewood Railway would be finished at tho end of May ;-that a state school would bo erected at Doon as soon as the site was agreed upon ¡-and that on effort would bo made to remedy defective titles at Clunes if ho particular instances were pointed out. The Treasurer received a deputation yester- day from the Borough Council of Hawthorn, who deBired to urge the necessity for an im- mediate alteration in the Local Government Act on two points. At present the act pro- vides that borrowed money shall only be ex- pended on new Btreets, Mr. Wallen pointed ont that in Hawthorn there were 21 miles of streets, many of which required to be formed and made, bat not being new Streets in the meaning of the act, no borrowed money conld he used for that pur pose. The act further * required that the sinking fund should be invested in inscribed stock at 4 per cent It was shown that moüej* might bo borrowed at 6 per cent, and the local bodies would be obliged to Buffet" a loss of 2 per cent, by being required to invest the sinking fund in this particular stock. An-alteration was suggested enabling local Jjodies to invest in any Government deben- tures, or to pay off their own debt by instal- ments. Mr. Wallen pointed ont that there might be-no inscribed stock in tbe market at the time the investment had to bo made, and the local body might be forced to invest in the stock at par. He stated that he had Bold inscribed stock during the week under SO. Sir James M'Culloch said that both amendments Beemed desirable, bat he was Efraid there was little chance of any bill Jieing introduced this session to deal with the matter. He promised, however, to con- sult his colleagues on the subject The attention of the Crown Law depart, mont has been directed to the correspon. «dence published m The Argus respecting the manner in which Mr. Beanoy, one of the Sionoraiy surgeons of the Melbourne Hos- pital, performed an operation of lithotomy tupon a patient at the hospital, the opeiation lesulting in the death of the unfortunate victim. The allegations contained in the letter of "A Practical Surgeon," which appeared in The Argus of the 20th inst, were of so Eerious a nature that inquiry has been con- sidered advisable. The question as to .whether the body should IJB exhumed, and an inquest held, has been referred to the coroner, Dr. Youl, for his opinion. The difficulty experienced in obtaining a Bite for the Children's Hospital has at last ¡been removed by the purchase on the part of committee of Sir Redmond Barry's property En Rathdowne street, Carlton. The property (occupies a commanding and healthy situation »opposite the Carlton-gardens. The arrangements made for holiday-mikers to-morrow are very extensive, and there is choice enough for all. On the Goyornment Hines tickets will be issued to all the prin- cipal stations at excursion fares, and available Cor return for 12 days, while, as usual, the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Com- pany will suspend their ordinary time table, ¡and run additional trains to Brighton Beach. SChere are plenty of excursions down the bay Sor those who prefer spending their Christmas on the " briny." The Golden Crown will go to Queenscliff and Sorrento, the Williams to Queenscliff and Portsea, the Rob Roy to Geelong, the Warhawk to Schnapper Point and Dromana, and the Murray and Sprightly to Schnapper Point only. In the evening the Philharmonic Society will, as usual, sing the "Messiah," while at the Opera-house a grand sacred concert will be given, consisting of selections from the I*'Messiah" and "The Creation," in which Miss Emilie Melville, Mr. Armes Beaumont, ®nd other singers, and a powerful chorus of over 200 voices, will take part The following ore the arrangements for tho Christmas holidays in the Post- office and Telegraph department :-Christmas Day, Saturday, 25th inst, will be observed as Sunday at all post and telegraph offices. No snails will be despatched. On Monday, 27th Enstant, all poBt and telegraph offices will be closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by Setter carrier will be effected. Mails will be ïoeoived and despatched as usual. Telegraph officeB will be open from 8.30 a.m. to 10 a.m" (and from 6 p m. to 7 p.m. A testimonial and purse of sovereigns ware pieeentod to Dr. Neild last night by the members of the Medical Society of Victoria rand other friends. A report of the proceed- ings is given in another column. The prizes given by the technological com- mission to the piizetakers in the schools of design were presented yeBterday, in the annexe of the Exhibition building, by His Excellency the Acting Governor. An account of the proceedings is given in another part of the paper. We have been requested to Btate that the new refreshment-room at the Zoological-gar- dens, Royal-park, will be open on Christmas Day and after, under the management of Mr Win. Strickland, of Brunswick, and it will no '-u?bt prove a gieat convenience to visitors. 'iona two young tigers lately presented to the BÓciety by the Hon. T. J. Sumner havo been placed in a temporary cage, a little below the lionB' house, A very good view of the nnimals can be obtained from the fence of the emu paddock. It is the intention of the council to erect a commodious cage for the Rteat carnívora as soon as its fands will permit The Mount Alexander Mail, which has hitherto supported the late Ministry and present Opposition in their "stonewall" policy, declares that "the utterance of Mr, Berry at Footscray on Monday evening must have the effect of alienating from him what- ever exists as a free-trade party, or the sympathy of any who, like ourselves, have free-trade proclivities. The ex-Chief Secre- tary said :-' The questions at present advo- cated were questions that not only affected those who had to pay the taxes, bat they affected also other interests, .because if the Proposed taxes became law, they would bring ia a very much larger amount of money than waa calculated upon, and the result would be a fulpluo in the revenue, and the intention of the present Government was with that surplus to strike off Custom« ' duties and re* turn to freotrade and destroy protection.' Besides, the statement thus made shows that there is a want of unanimity of feeling be* tween Mr. Berry and other ex-Ministers. Only a week ago Mr. Munro, on the floor of the House, declared that the question of freotrade and protection had nothing to do with the present political Bituation. We be- lieve the political instincts of mining dis- tricts aro in the direction of freer, if not freetrade." In accordance with the usual custom upon the visit of a team ot New South Wales cricketers to Victoria, Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, the president of the M.C.C., issued invita- tions for a picnic at his estate, Heidelberg, and yesterday morning the Sydnoy mon, accompanied by several of the loading Vic. terian cricketers, started from the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, about half-paat 10 o'clock. After n pleasant drive they reached Mr. M'Arthnr's place, and an impromptu mate was arranged after some refreshments had been partaken of. Luncheon was provided in a large marquee, to Which full justice was done, after which several complimentary speeches wero made. The party, öfter thoroughly enjoying their day's amusement, returned to Melbourne about 7 o'clock. Among the visitors were the Hon. J. Henty, M.L.C., the Hon. Jas. Graham, M.L.C., | and Captain Almond, of the mail Bteamer Sumatra. At a special meeting of the Now South Wales Cricket Association, held on December 20, the Sydney Morning Herald reports : " A communication from the secretary of the Cricket Association of Victoria waa read. The effect of it was to ask that a time be fixed for the playing of the intercolonial matoh, and also requesting the association to consider tho desirability of determining eome length of time-six or twelve months during which a player should reside in the colony to be eligible to play in any inter- colonial match. It was resolved that the secretary and treasurer of the association and Mr. Cartis, tbe secretary of the Albert Ground Company, be a sub-committee to fix the dato on which the return match with Melbourne will be played. It was decided to let the consideration of the second matter mentioned in the letter stand over till next meeting." The Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, bishop of Ballarat, delivered a lecture last evening at St Mark's Church, Fitzroy, on behalf of the fund for the completion of the new church for tbe neighbouring parish of St Luke's. At present there is a debt on the building now in use aa a temporary church for St. Luke's district, amounting to about £120, and when thia is cleared off the erection of a permanent edifice will be proceeded with. The temporary church is ultimately to be appropriated to the purposes of Sunday school, Bible classes, church and mis- sionary meetings, parochial entertainments, and other uses. Full evening Berrico waa celebrated, the musical portion of the sorvice being of a special nature. The bishop took his text from PBalma xovi., 12th and 13th verses, treating on the points of correspond- ence and contrast respectively between the past and approaching advents. A collection was afterwards taken up in aid of the above mentioned fund. The concluding lecture in connexion with the church will be delivered at St Luke's Church on Thursday evening, December 30, by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., ttíe subject being "A Brief Review ' of the Unfulfilled Prophecies of the Scrip- tures." The Rev. Dr. Macdonald having been appointed by the Assembly of the Presby- terian Church to represent the Presbyterians of this colony in the great Presbyterian Council, to be held in Edinburgh in July next, and to attend also the supreme courts of the several churches in the home country, was entertained by his congregation in their church, Dorcas-Btreet, Emerald-bill, at a tea and public meeting lost Tuesday even- ing. The church was crowded, and the part reaerved for the speakers was filled by minis- ters of all Protestant denominations. Dr. Macdonald presided, and addresses were de- livered by the Reva. R. Hunter, Dr. Cameron, O. Strong, and others. The singing waa admirable, and the enjoymontof the occasion unalloyed, except BO far as the heat was incon venient. Mr. J. Finlay, on behalf of thecongro gation, piesented Dr. Macdonald with a very handsome silver tea service, and Mr. Barret, on behalf of the doctor's Bible class, pre- sented the pastor with a beautiful dressing case. The congratulations of the various speakers were warm, and the important ser- vices rendered to Christianity in the colony, and especially to Presbyterianism, for the last 23 years by Dr. Macdonald, carried the enthusiasm of the meeting. All partiea seemed eatiafiod with the choice of the repre- sentative for home. It was stated that Mr. Corrio Johnston, in conjunction with the Rev. J. M. Abernethy, is to have charge of the Dorcas- Btreet congregation during the next year. Members of the church expressed satisfaction at the arrangements made to supply Dr. Macdonald, place during his absence. The Minister of Justice wag requested yesterday, by a deputation from Shepparton, introduced by Mr. Witt, M.L.A., to appoint another justice of the peace resident there, It wes pointed out that the population in the locality had largely increased, and that great inconvenience waa experienced owing to there being only one resident magistrate. Dr. Madden promised to consider the re- quest We regret to learn that the family of Mr. G. W. Perry, the well-known photographer, are in Buch circumstances owing to sickness and deaths, aa to render an appeal to his friends indispensable. His brother photo- graphers have come forward liberally on his behalf, but further aid is still necessary. We have reason to know that the case is a very deserving one ; and we may add that Mr, Stubbs, of the firm of Batchelder and Co., will be glad to receive ond apply any eub. scriptions that may bo sent in for the family. The curator of intestate estates has ob- tained rules to administer the estates of the following personB :-William Henry Jenkins, with the will annexed, Collins-street east, Melbourne, died February 23,1875, amount of property sworn to, £77 ; William Bailey, St* Mary's Lake, Horsham, died April l8,1875, £19 ; James Goodall, Broadford, died July 31, 1875, £11 10s. 7d.¡ Samuel Benjamin, Moorabool-atreet, Geelong, died October 28, 1875, £53 ¡ Joseph Molbourne, Narang, died November 1, 1875, £7 6s. ; Joseph Marks, RoBB- Btreet, Sandridge, died November 7, 1875, £105 ; Stephen Byrne, Mansfield Hospital, died November 11, 1875, £200; Charles Sims, Bairnsdale, died November 11,1875, £15 ; Samuel Marshall, VillierB-Btreet, Hotham, died Novemhorl3,1875, £40 ; Henry Hitchcock, St Kilda, died November 19, £412s. Id. A cricket match has been arranged to bo played between the Maryborough and Wes Melbourne Clubs at Maryborough, on Christ- mas Day. The following players will repre. sent West Melbourne-Messrs. J. Moar (captain), A. H. Walker, J. Brown, G. Scown, C. Scown, J. Fulton, J. Hilton, J. C. Mathe- son, W. Leonard, A. White, J. Smith, W. Hulme ; umpire, Mr. A. Hulme ; scorer, N. Scown. The above are requested to bo at Spencer-street to catch the 7 o'clock train this evening. The Metropolitan Artillery paraded laat Saturdoy afternoon with their field battery of Bix 12-pounder Armstrong RUUB at Sand- ridge Butts, for shot practice, under the com maud of Major H. A. Clarke. Colonel W. A. D. Anderson, accompanied by Captain Bull, waa present during the firing. About 60 members were on the ground. Eaoh sub- division was in charge of their own gun. Fifty- nine shots were fired at 900 yards, and the firing waa very good, considering this was the first occasion these.guns have boen fired from in the colony. Sergeant White's No. 3 detachment won the first prize for seven bits out of 10 shots, 13 points ; and Se'rgeant' Sharp's No, 5 detachment won the second prize, for seven hits out of 10 shots, 12 points. A petition was presented in the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Monro, M.L.A., from Charles Smith, 151 Lygon-street, who complained of the bad treatment he had re- ceived from detectives, judges, and every one concerned, in some cases in the law courts in which he had been engaged. His statement was so rambling and unconnected that no intelligible idea could be obtained of his complaints. The following is the conclu- sion of the petition :—" Monstrous and inevitable as the whole affair seems from beginning to end, some persons that have been over 20 years in the colony assert that they never heard anything like it and the heads of the authorities not to take notice of it ; but the Almighty has taken notce of it; and indeed the whole affair seems like fiction, as some say, but I know it is ever so to my cost, by suffering in mind, body, and estate. And the Almighty makes me to know that He has regarded it all, and what is of infinitely more importance, that He hath been touched and demands satis- faction, and will not let it rest. I humbly conclude by quoting one passage from Scrip- ture—'Shall there be evil in a city and the Lord hath not done it ? '" He prayed for inquiry into his case. The examination in the estate of the insol- vent James O'Day, of Emerald-hill, publican, was continued in the Insolvent Court yester- day. The insolvent, who was committed on Wednesday for 24 hours for evasion, and Daniel Clancey, a witness in the case, who was committed for 24 hours for being drunk, but who escaped from the custody of the messenger, both presented themselves at the conrt yesterday morning, and Clancey apolo- gised for his conduct by saying he did not know what he was doing on the Wednesday. The apology was accepted, and Clancey and O'Day wore then examined, and gave evi- dence in a very unsatisfactory manner, the substance of it being that Clancey had bought two of O'Day's cottages for £200, and had paid all the money excepting about £20. It, bow ever, also appeared that part of the purchase money was paid by a promissory-note for £96 which note the insolvent said his wife now had, but the money, excepting about £20, had been paid. The Court sent O Day home for the promissory note and he carno back again, saying his wife was out His Honour Judge Noel then made an order that if the promissory note was not produced at the court by 10 o'clock on the next morning, the insolvent should be sent to prison until it was produced. A groom named Charles Shafe yesterday sued Mr. Herbert Power, of Toorak, the County Court, for £49 damages alleged to have been caused by defendant assault- ing plaintiff. The latter, on the 18th October last, was in the service of Colonel Ward, and drove that gentleman to Mr. Power's house to dinner. Colonel Ward told Sbafe, when they arrived at Mr. Power's bouse, to take the horse and buggy home, and come back for him at 10 o'clock. Instead of doing so, plaintiff put the horse into Mr. Power's stable, and went off to an hotel drinking. When Colonel Ward wanted to go home, he found that his man had not como with the buggy, and not being aware of what the man had done, started to walk home. He met the man wallang bock to Mr. Power's, and when he ascertained what he had done, asked why he had dis- obeyed him again. The man, who was stated by Colonel Ward to be intoxicated, then roado some irritating remarks, and when Colonel Ward went to the stables to get the horse ready himself, after having told the man he should not ride home with bim in that state, the man also went to the stable, and insisted that ho would get the horse ready, and go home too with Colonel Ward. The latter then fetched Mr. Power out of the houso, and that gentleman put the man off his premises, as ho (Mr. Power) said, without hitting him. Plaintiff's case, however, waa that Mr. Power bumped bis head against the wall, kicked him, and ga^o him a black eye. The plaintiff also said that Colonel Ward hit him on the head. The man had a black eye, but it ivas submitted for defendant that he might have got that through falling when he went home intoxicated. The case had been before the the Police Court, where plaintiff charged both Colonel Ward and Mr. Power with assault, and the latter was then fined £1, and the case against Colonel Ward dis- missed. The question yesterday was whether the jury of four who hoard the evi- dence would believe Colonel Ward and Mr. Power, or the plaintiff and a witness who appeared for him, and they preferred to do the formor, as they returned a veidict for the defendant. An addition to the gallery of Australian notabilities in our Public Library has been recently made which must be of interest to all colonists. Mrs. Ann Petrie, the daughter of the illustrious Australian navigator, Cap- tain Matthew Flinders, in forwarding to Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw some matters to aid in a memoir of her father, upon which he is understood to have been engaged for some time past, has sent a copy of a miniature, painted in 1801, which that gentleman has presented to the gallery. It has been repro- duced by photo-lithography, and at the foot is given a facsimile of the parole exacted from Captain Flinders by Governor de Caen, the Captain-General of the Mau- ritius, where the ill-used navigator was cruelly imprisoned for six years and a half, which is couched in the following terms : "I, undersigned, captain in His Britannic Majesty's navy, having obtained leave of His Excellency the Captain-General to return in my country by the way of Bengal, promise on my word of honour not to act in any service which might be considered as directly or in- directly hostile to France or its allies during the course of the present war. Dated Port Napoleon, Isle de France, 7th June, 1810. (Signed) MATTHW. FLINDERS." It will be remembered that within six months subse- quently the Captain-General capitulated to the British forces under Admiral Bertie and General Abercrombie. Flinders survived the hardships and anxieties of his unjust detention some three years and a half, just time to produce the celebrated ac- count of his voyage, and died on the day of its publication. The litho-photograph is worthy of reproduction as a painting, and of a place among the Australian worthies in our national collection. Mrs. Petrie con- tinues, at 63 years of age, to thankfully enjoy the small annuity which the Legisla- tures of Victoria and New South Wales granted to her mother, and in reversion to herself, in 1854. A man named Patrick M'Donald was charged at tho District Police Court yester- day with cruelly beating a calf. A passer-by saw the man beating the animal, which was only BÍX days old, till it fell exhausted into the channel, and he called the attention of Constable Leddy to the matter. Leddy, with a fine sense of natural justice, made the man carry the calf to its destination, and then summoned him. The defendant said he had driven the calf that morning from Nunawading, and had only struck it with the thong of a common cartwhip. Mi. Call, P.M., said that driving a calf six days old such a distance was cruelty in itself. The defendant was fined 10s. with 2s. Gd. costs. Several Chinamen appeared on summons in the District Police Coart yesterday for breaches of the Building Act. They built up little.huts in back yards off Little Bourke streot with sheets off kerosene tins, thus crowding that already unhealthy place to an alarming extent. The first defendant was let off with payment of £2 2a. costs, on promising to have the building complained of pulled down. The lowost penalty is £20, and that was thought too heavy to impose for a first offence. Tho other casoB wero post- poned till the 4th prox., to enable the de- fendants to remove the cause of offence. This action comos rather late, as a case of spartet fever has already, it ia stated, occurred in the Chinese quarter within the lost day or two, and in each a part of the city the, disease may spread to' a disastrous ex- tent. 'The solo of Mr. Katzensteln'a collection of pictures waa held at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.'s auction room, Collina Bfjreet, yesterday afternoon. There waa a good attendance, and though some of the cabinet pictures did not realise their value, the sale passed off satisfactorily. The highest price obtained was for a moonlight scene by Aid Williams, which was purchased by Mr. H. Berry for £30. The principal purchasers were Sir James M'Cullocb, Dr. Molonoy, Mesera. H. It. Harwood, R. Bright, Stead, and B. Harper. At the meeting of the Richmond Town Council last evening, a letter was received from Mr. W. E. Stone, builder, Prahran, drawing attention to a novel plan for the utilisation and doodorisation of nightaoil Mr. Stone states that, should the proposals he has made to the Melbourno Corporation bo accepted, he ia prepared to treat 30,000 tons of foccal matter annually, the ultimate product of which should be a marketable commodity worth £90,000 per annum. The letter was referred to a Bpocial committee for consideration. . s» Tho Borough Council of Williamstown were Bued yeaterday by John Thompson, a gas-stoker, for £219 damages, alleged to have been caused by the negligenco of the de- fendants. On the 27th of September last plaintiff was engaged in one of his duties, namely, putting ont the gas-lights in the Williamstown publio lamps, when the horse ho was riding fell over a heap of metal in Stevedore street, and caused Horious injury to plaintiff about the back and shoulders Plaintiff waa obliged to obtain medical aid for the injuries, and could not return to his employment for seven weeks. He had endeavoured to get recom- pense from the council for the injuries, but bad received no reply to a commuuication to them on that point The mayor and Mr. Figg bad, however, waited on him with a view to examining bim and making a settlement, but he declined to be examined. The jury of four, who heard the case, returned a verdict for plaintiff, damages £25. The annual Christmas treat to tho chil- dren of the Immigrants' Home took place laat evening in the schoolroom of the in- stitution. There were about 50 children pre- sent, and Mr. A. Woolley, who presided, presented the prizes to tho3e who had attained special proficiency in their studies during the year. The schoolroom was taste- fully decorated, the principal object of attraction to the juveniles boing a hugo Christmas tree, blazing with all manner of bravo gifts and other ornaments After the prizes had been delivered the tree was quickly despoiled, under the superin- tendence of several lady friends of tho inBti tution, and amid much munching of sweet- meats and furtive "tooting"of tin trumpets the "festivities" went bravely on. The children soemed healthy and well fed, and almost as cheerful as those reared in a private home, and when called upon to give three cheers to the kind donors of the treat, they responded as lustily as their little throats would permit It would seem that the late appeal made to the charitable through the columns of The Argus has this year been most liberally responded to, gifts of money and goods to the value of over £100 having beon received. The ordinary weekly meeting of the com- mittee of the Benevolent Asylum was hold af the institution yesterday ; Mr. J. Harcourt presided. The superintendent reported that there were 425 male and 211 female inmates in the house. The medical ¡officer reported that 80 mole and 94 female patients were in the hospital, and 45 males and 8 females were under treatment outside the hospital, making a total of 227 inmates under medical treatment The auperintondent reported the receipt of donations of one hogshead of ale each from Mesara. Thoa. Aitken, R. M'Cracken and Co., Latham and Co., P. J. Martin; Mr. Albert Terry, two hogaheadso ale ; Messrs. Connell, Hogarth, and Co., and Mi. Scott Grey-street, St Kilda, one ham each ; Messrs. Jaa. Henty and Co., parcel of tobacco; and Commissioners of Philadelphia Exhibition 20 dozen colo- nial wine. A petition was received signed by 350 inmates, stating that for somo time past they had derived much pleasure and enjoyment from the visita of two young ladies who came weekly to sing some hymns These visits bad been put a stop to, as they believed, through some misapprehen- sion. They requested that the visits might be authorised undei such regulations as might be found necessary. A letter was read from an inmate (Wm. Sibbald) objecting to the petition on religious grounds. After con- siderable discussion, the farther considera- tion of the question was postponed for a fortnight After the disposal of some formal business the meeting terminated. A middle-aged man, supposed to have been a clerk, residing at Richmond, was seen at about half post 6 o'clock last evening to throw bia hat on the bank of the Upper Yarra, near Brander's Ferry, and jump into the mer with his clothes on, A joung man named William Stokes jumped in after him with all his clothes on, and with great pluck and determination dived several times to try and find the man, but without succesa, and very nearly drowned himself in the attempt. In the hat of the drowned man were found some tickets bear- ing (the name " James Thomas," but it was not ascertained last night whether or not this was the deceased's name. Captain Snee attended at the Williams- town Drillroom on Tueadayevening, and gave another of his very instructive and interest- ing lectures in connexion with gunnery, The subject of this lecture was the various kinds of fuses used for firing big guns, and, with the assistance of sections and diagrams, Captain Snee completely engaged the atten- tion of both officers and men for upwards of an hour. In view of the match to bo fired this afternoon, Captain Snee gave the non-commissioned officers some useful hints in reference to the best methods of laying guns. The men were well pleased with the instruction afforded them, and ex- pressed a hope that Captain Snee would Boon .pay them another viBit. The annual meeting for the election of wardens and vestrymen for Christ Church, St. Kilda, was held on the 21st inst, the Rev. J. Stanley Low, the incumbent, being in the chair. The following gentlemen were elected as office- bearers for the ensuing year ¡-Wardens-By the incumbent Mr. David Moore ; by the trustees, Mr. Frahoia Gray Smith ; by the pariahionors, Mr. F. E. Stewart Vestrymen-By the incumbent, Mr. J. D. Gowan ; by the parishioners Messrs. R. Twentyman, Thoa. Stubbs, and Sydney W. Smith. Messrs. R. Sohlesiugor and H. N. Hull wero elected aa auditors. The retirement from office of Mr. Ger- main Nioholson, on account of failing health, was deeply regretted by the incumbent and the pariahionors gene- rally. The incumbent, in the course of some remarks relative to what had been done in the pariah during the past 12 months, stated that thero was a nourishing Sunday school, with a librarian and a staff of . teachers. There had been a considerable improvement in tbe week-day attendance at the church, and the increased accommoda- tion provided by tho enlargement of tho church had been found barely sufficient on Sundays. Regrot was expressed at the re- signation of the superintendent of the Sun- day Behool. The financial statement sub- mitted by Mr. F, G. Smith was conaidered to be satisfactory in comparison with past years. The question of finding a cheap, handy, and effoctual disinfectant for tho closet pana now in such common use in Melbourne and the suburbs appears to havo been satisfac- torily solved by Mr. George E. Lauder, who has for some time past invitod those who take an interest in tho subject to inspect the new disinfectant in use at his riding-aouool,- | Bank-street west, Emerald-hill. The ma- terial used is mode from the leaves, bark, and wood of certain kinds of gum trees. In appearance it is a dark pow- der, mingled with coarse sawdust, It is perfectly fVee from any odour what ever, and in this respect differs from most disinfectants in use. Mr. Lander has used this material for the last two years, and the result has beon such as to realise his most sanguine expectations. The disinfectant will bo protected by patent, and a company is being formed for the purpose of manu- facturing it on a large scale. It is claimed for the new disinfectant that it ia a very great deal lighter than earth, that it is only necessary to use one-third the quantity, and that it is a greatly superior dis- infectant 'That the discoverer of this material has good grounds for his opinion will bo at once admitted by any one who will viBit Mr. Lauder^ premises and judge for himself. The City Council has appointod an officer to repuit on the disinfectant, with the view of bringing it into general use in the city of Melbourne. A girl named Margaret Cleary, 12 years of age, residing with her parents at Bungaree was bitten (states the Ballarat Star) by a snake early on Wednesday morning, Decem- ber 22, She was out working in a field when the reptile bit her on the loft wrist. Her father at once scarified the wound and allowed the blood to flow freely, and took other precautions against the circulation of the poison through the system. About two hours and a half after she was bitten, the girl was placed under Dr. Nicholson, of Bal- larat He at onco injected ammonia into a vein of her arm, and Bho recovered. A bazaar and sale of gifts recently hold at Castlemaine, in aid of the funds of the Bene- volent Asylum at that place, together with collections made in the shires of Mount Alexander, Newstead, and Metcalfe, realised the sum of £730 4s. 7d. "A circular has been sent by Sir Redmond Barry, as chairman of the Philadelphia Ex. hibition Commissioners, to presidents of all cricket clubs in the colony, requesting them to fill in a return with the names of 11 players, with the age, height, weight, and measurements of arms, chest, &c;" The Gipps Land Times states that the circular points out, that "it is desirable to obtain this information, in order that a comparison may be instituted between the muscular and physical development of young men in this part of Australia and of those born in cor- responding latitudes on the continent of America," It is proposed that the informa- tion thus obtained should be exhibited at the Philadelphia Exhibition. A National Reform League has been formed at Sandhurst. The Bendigo Adver- tiser Btatea that "its object will be to secure united action in all matters affecting the political and civil rights of the people of Vic tona, of which the following aro the principal features, viz.,-Reform of the Constitution ¡ a progressive land tax ; substitution of leasing in lieu of selling the publio lands ; protection to native industry ; annual Parlia- ments ; payment of members for actual at- tendance only." The Maryborough Advertiser mentions that " a warrant has been issued for the appre- hension of W. H. Roberts, the absconding traveller for Mr. Jacobson, of the Talbot brewery. The defalcations exceed £200.'' I The South Australian Register mentions | that'"by the last mail intelligence was re- ceived of the death, in London, of Wm. Edward Dundas, formerly a commander in the service of the P. and 0. Company. It will be remembered that the deceased gontle man, when in charge of the Ellora, became deranged on a trip between Sydney and Melbourne. Captain Dundas was only 40 yenrs of age." The Ballarat Star states that "Lal Lal iron is coming into nse. Several industries which have not been established by the aid of protective duties are now nsing the local iron. At present, owing to glut in the markot, tho price paid for the iron is not so much as was expected." A ead accident occurred in Warrnambool harbour on Monday, December 20, resulting in the death of two lads named Daniel Ryan and John Simpson, aged 11 and 12 years respectively. About 4 o'clock in the after- noon (Bays the Standard) the deceased, with several other boys, went to bathe in the sea. Hearing cries, a man named Andrew Powall, who was employed in repairing the bathing houses opposite where the boys were bathing, ran out to learn the cause. He saw the danger at once, and without hesitation he dashed into the breakers, without removing any of his clothing. He succeeded in catching hold of one of the boys by the right arm whilst the other clung to his leg. Thus encumbered he tiied to regain the shore, but the boy on his arm was washed off by the waves. Nothing daunted, Powall dived with the other little fellow still holding on to him, and managed to re- cover the one he had lost His bravery was of no avail, however, for whilst be was pre- paring himself for a desperate struggle a huge wave broke over them, and the two boys if ero carried from his grasp, and he lost sight of them. Powall, well-nigh exhausted by his previous efforts, had to exercise all his remaining strength to save himself, but ho managed to reach the shore with much difficulty, thoroughly spent with his exertion The body of the boy Ryan was subsequently washed ashore. Mrs. Lindsay, a South Australian lady who recently spent some months in Victoria studying Mrs. Bladon Neill's system of Bilk worm education, has established a mag- nanerie at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum. The South Australian Register states that " Mrs. Lindsay brought over with her from Victoria some of the grain known as the Roland regenerated, imported from Switzer- land by Mrs. Bladen Neill ; but after carefully feeding the young worms produced from the seed, ehe carno to the conclusion that the grain was constitutionally weak. On the other hand, the produce from another kind of grain, given her by a lady in Victoria, although similarly treated, and fed on the adjoining tray, proved to be first-class, healthy, strong silkworms, capable of apiri ning silk. Mrs. Lindsay has already accumu- lated a quantity of really strong, healthy grain. The average of the cocoons of this season are very fine, firm, and of good appear- ance." A description of the Glenmorus sorioul tural establishment, near Albury, appears in the Border Post of December l8. It appeals that Mr. Thomas Affleck has 3,000 three-year old and 1,000 two-year-old mulborry-trees on the plantation, benidcB nursery-grounds on which there are 7,000 cuttings ready for transplanting. The leaves of these trees will next year afford food for 300,000 worms. Mr. Aflleck will have some 70,000 cocoons this season. Miss Affleck, who superintends the "education" department, is a practical eericulturiot, having benefited by the tuition of Mrs Bladen Neill, at Corowa. A public trial of reaping-macbinos took placo at Woodville, South Australia, on De- cember 10, under the auspices of the Royal Agricultural Society. Only three firms of agricultural implement-makers competed, but fivo different reaping-machines were tested. Two acres were allotted to each of the machines. The weather was unsuitable for general reaping, and, combined with the crops being heavy, severely tested the machines, the straw being very tough and the ground soft The Register states that in the opinion of the judges, Messrs. J. Martin and Co's reaper, with G. Marshall's patent attached, possessed the most desirable qualifications, as it Boomed to afford means of satisfying a great want, viz., that of stripping in damp and cloudy weather. With the throBhing- drum put out of gear, it performed its work as well as any ordinary reaper. This machine reaps the crop by means of a spiked roller revolving through a threshing board having six rows of spikes. The beaters are sharpened so as to c,ut off the ears in damp weather, and throw them up to the roller, the spikes in which olear the wheat, which then falls to the floor of the machine. It finished its allottod work in two hours and 10 minutes, or 10 minutes later than the ordinary reaper exhibited by Messrs. Martin and Cb. First-class Inspector Disney, who had bsen a member of the Victorian police force for over 23 years, died on the 21st inst., at tbe age of 44 years. It waa a curious circumstance that his death took place on the same day as the publication in the Police Gazette of his retirement from the force under the new Police Regula- tions Act so that this old officer died imme- diately on going out of harness, and before he had time to enjoy his retirement. The last place at which Mr. Disney WOB stationed was Hamilton. TheSpcciaior writes :-"The event was not unexpected, as the deceased gentleman had been a confirmed invalid for a long time past He was the eldest son of the Rev. Harry Disney, of Mitchelstown, in the county of Cork, and arriving in thia colony in 1852, he was made a cadet in De- cember of that year. In 1853 he waa pro- moted to the rank of sub-inspector of police, and during eeveral years afterwards he did very severe eacort duty, which is behoved to have undermined hia constitution. Sorviug at Maryborough, Beechworth, Ballarat, Castle- maine, and many other places, ho rose by degrees to the position of first-class senior inspector. He waa exceedingly popular with all classes, especially with his brother officers and those serving under him. Quite re- cently continued indisposition compelled him to retire from the service on gratuity, at the early age of 44 years, 23 of which were spent in harness." The Opera-house was crowded in all parts lost night to witness the lost representation we are likely to have for some time to como of Giroflé-Girolla. Aa it waa the latest so it was the beBt amongst the numerous performances we have previously wit- nessed of the same opera. Miss Melville, Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Bracy, Mr. Templeton, and Mrs. Fox were each inspired to give more than usual effect to the parts allotted to tbero, and especially so waa this the case with Mr. Bracy, who has always given us a clever and amusing version of Don Bolero, but never to the extent or with the same pronounced success as he did lost evening. There were numerous encores and recalls, and the laughter and applause were continuous throughout the performance. To- night, La Perichole will be once moro repro- duced, and for the last time. The "? Fakir of Oolu " (Dr. Sylvester), who has returned to Melbourne with a new enter- tainment, last night gave a private view in St. George's HalL Between 100 and 200 persons were prosent by invitation. The portions of the entertainment ex- hibited were a series of views of Alpine scenery, several ghosts on the prin- ciple of "Pepper's ghost," a pantomime, and the illuminated fountain, which is already familiar to Melbourne people, but has been considerably improved upon by the Fakir since his last visit The novelty, of course, was the ghost business. Dr. Sylvester had to make on apology to the visitors for not having everything as well prepared as he could have wished, in consequence of a large plate of glass necessary to produce the illu- sion having been broken, and another having to bo procured in lieu of it at very short notice. Several ghosts, both pleasing and horrible in aspect, and while apparently quite Bolid, possessing the property of suddenly disappearing without any visible cause, were introduced upon the stage, The public will have an opportunity of exercising their ingenuity in discovering how the illu- sion ia produced this evening, when the public performances will begin at St. George's Hall. The first rehearsal for the musical illustra- tions to tho Rev. Charlea Claik'a lecture on " Christmas in Old England," to be given thia evening in the Town-hall, was held yes- terday, and it may reasonably be expected that the Christmas carols, which form so pleasing a feature of the entertainment, will be sung moro effectively than on previous occasions. The list of vocalists engaged is stronger. It includes two good aopranoa Mrs. Smythe and Mrs. Howitz ; the con- traltos are Miss Christian (who was in Ne-v Zealand last Christmas) and Miss St. Clair ; and the engagement of Mr. Lambie will enable the two songs, the " Boar's Head" and the "Roast Beef of Old England," to be sung as solos before being taken up by the chorus. I The entertainment at tho Apollo-hall was well patronised laat night The singing of Miss Bertou, Messrs. Farley and Read was highly appreciated by the audience. On account of Christmas Day falling on Saturday, the usual weekly people's concert will be held to-night, in the Temperance-halli Russell-street, instead of to-morrow. A well, arranged piogramma has been provided. Mr. Riley and Miss Rachel Riley will make their appearance in the musical sketch ol "Tue Ballad Singers" and "The Kentish Gipsies.'' Mr, Gcddea will occupy the chair, and Mr. Frank Richardson will conduct the con- cert. We have received from Mr. A. J. Smith, of SwanBton-street, a copy of "Conference Addresses delivered at Su Mary's, Caulfield, by ministers and laymen of different deno- minations." ~A. typographical error occurred in the notice inserted in our issue of the 23rd inst, re- specting the entries for the "Fitzroy St Leger Stakes," which oro to be run for in March, in connexion with the Fitzroy and Collingwood Couraing Club. By mistako "February" is inserted instead of "Fitzroy." On Sunday next, the Archbishop of Mel- bourne will open the Church and School of the Sacred Heart, Kew, nt 11 o'clock. The Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., will preach on the occasion. At the 11 o'clock mass on Christmas Day at St. Mary'B (R.C.) Church, North Mel- bourne, the choir will render Farmer's Moss in B Hat for the first time. ' Mr. E. L. Hickman delivered an essay on Oliver Goldsmith, last evening, at the Inde Sendent-hall, RusBell-street before the mem- ore of the Melbourne Jewish Literary and Debating Society. The essayist gave a de- scription of the life of Goldsmith, and also some extracts from his writings. In the report of tho judgeB' awards at the schools of deBign exhibition published in yesterday's paper, the name of Querin in- stead of Guerin appears, as having been awarded the third senior prize for mechanical droning. t We have received the following additional subscriptions in response to an appeal on behalf of Mrs. Cololough and her children : Rev. Charles Clark, £1 Is.; A. li., 10s. Wo have received the following additional donations for the Christmas charities at the Immigrants' Home :-J. 0., £1: R. L. M" 10s. A chorus rehearsal took place lost evening in the Melbourne Athemcum for the sacred concert which is to be given in tho Opera house on Christmas night. There was a large attendance. The annual mooting of the parishioners of Trinity Church, Coburg, waa hold in the schoolroom adjoining the church on Monday evening, 20th inst. The Rev. John Watson, incumbent, occupied the chair. The treasurer reported that the funds received up to the end of November were in excess of the re- ceipts of the previous year at the same date, and thore was a probability that the end of Decembor would exhibit a similar result Mr. H. White was olooted parishioners' war- den, Mr. J. B. Williams by trustees, and Mr. Win. Davis by the incumbent The vestry, mon olooted were Messrs. Chapman, Cramer, and Philpott The incumbont nominated Mr. P. F, Donald, as minister's vestry- man. A kind expression of regard and good feeling was shown to Mr. Charles Ronnie, on Monday, by the congregation of the Presby- terian church, Coburg, who presented him with a silver tray, toa and coffeo Borvioe. The following is the inscription :-" Pre- sented to Mr. Charles Rennie by the congre- gation of the Presbyterian church, Coburg, on the occasion of his loaving the church and district, as a token of their appreciation of his services for many years past as pre- centor to the congregation and secretary to the Sabbath-school, and also as a mark of their esteem forhis oharaotoros agentleman." Mr, George 0. Duncan, who made tho pre- sentation, spoke in high terms of the eba r tcter of Mr. Rennie, whom he hnd known alura a boy, and who had rendered valuable service to the church tor many years cast. .' , , * I < 