The Freezing Point.—An icicle.' AJDoughmebtic Difficulty.—Heavy bread. Is there any law against striking an atti tude ? Hush Money.—The money paid a baby's nurse. Minebs search for gold in vein, bat often get quartz of it These is nothing so rigidly Catholic as an umbrella; it keepB lent the year round. Spices says a fireplace always reminds him of Shakspeare, because it ia a grate barred. Why is the end of a fish's tail like the Prince Imperial of France ?—Because it is the last of the bony-parts. Why is Neptnne like the man who searched for the philosopher's stone ?—Because he was a sea-king what never existed. A Mean Man.—The man who won't take a paper because he can borrow one has invented a ma chine with which he can cook his dinner by the smoke of his neighbour's chimney. Conundrum.—" Jnlius, why is de gettin' outo' bed on de 31st ob August like one oh Moore's melodies? Does you gib it up, my'spected cullud friend?" "In course I does; why?" " Bekase it's de last rose oh summer." Those Fickle Frenchmen.—Aunt Tabitha is worried by the frequent changes of the French Ministry. She says:—" I never had much opinion of them French people any way, and nothing can save them but good, stated, regular preaching." Straightforward.—A Califomian's matri monial advertisement winds up as follows" Fortune no object, but should require the gal's relations to de posit £300 with me, as security for her good be haviour."—American paper. A whites on dress says: " Short and podgy women ought not to wear belts." What's the use of giving advice in that way? Tpere isn't a woman in the world who would admit, even to herself, that she was " short and podgy." Cback Shooting.—The best shot ever heard of has been made in Calais, Maine, where a gentleman fired, in midnight darkness, at the bark of a dog, and the next morning found the animal dead, the bullet having hit him in the throat.—American paper. Obdeb ! Obdeb {—Said a Missouri preacher —" There's a powerful sight of giggling back thar in the corner, and it's got to he stopped, or the Lord will delegate me to open the door and throw some one out" It was stopped... "Monsieur" Again. — The Paris Soir gravely informed its readers during the recent visit of the Lord Mayor of London, that the mace which was carried before him is the bauble which Cromwell flung passionately on the floor, and that it still bears traces of the fan. Professor Haeckel says" We are justi fied in supposing that the primitive man must have been a woolly haired, promathous, dolioocephalons' being, of a dark brown or blackish colour." Glad the thing is explained; it always puzzled us a little.— American paper. Uncomplimentary.—Bibbs was married the other day to a quiet, not to say stupid, girl, With a face like a doll's. Some one remarked to Muffington that Bibbs had been on the look-out for a wife for some time, and bad now "woed and won." Muffington said, *' Yes, a wooden one—that's just what she is."— London paper. " The Cares of Business.—It is reported that a man went home at about 3 o'clock a.m., and using bis umbrella for a billiard-cue, smote his sleeping wife with it, crying, <• Pool 1" and sank into slumber. He has sinoe explained to his wife that women can have no idea how the Cares of business will sometimes affect a man's brain. " Sambo on Juries.—This is how a dismissed coloured grand-jurymaq in Missouri Soliloquised—" I dont un'stsnd this pisness. Looks to me like nat'ral foreman whaVein trouble to git his friends on de ShSS°^h£Eit5HSSr^^wbseribBr who it—" griflBd-"Ah.^SLf^g?r ; £^£^ea&gS; ' ! An Outsboken Editor.—The eoodfwnra oj Bandy-hill held * Mmtlii Washington tea party last ?«kedto im^nwnJS . the late lamented George WaeklncioD. Informed th* T"r6 • *w^uuuwui wwrnper, ana ™"8® •h® politics, he-wasn't one at:1 couldn't tell a lie."—Whitehall *nnm ^ssasssspaas^fisat SSEEFEF *»»• ■*»■*• difference between Interment and cremation lor that important and aristocratic parish, by the . following. 'impartial announcement •—" The vestry bare rontractedwlth the scavengers for the dust and ashes of the inhabi tants."—Punch. «J£??Jack Bowbell(beginninghis ~ "APP7 land, 'appy land ° Tom Bel grave: One moment—excuse me, my dear fellow— out don t you think the song would go better if yon XSh J° your H-e just alittter^J^Bowl^u' Ehf Sound my H*sf (Ohncklea) "Shows how much you know about music I—No such note—onlr "SB A Suhmeb Episode, as Eyolved by Little JOHKXY.—Ieet summer our dog Towser was a lying in the gun a trine to slsep, but the flies was that bedim cnddent, coe he had to catsh 'am, and bime by a bee lit on his bead, and was a working a bout like the doe was hisn. Towser he-hel bU hod still, and when the bee was close to his now Towner, winked at me. has he ®ld, "Tou see wbat this duller is a doin' j .he thinks rm a lilly of the rally which iaeent opn yet. but you Just wait till I blossom, and yon will we eome fun." .And sure enough Tpwaer opened his -'mouth very elo, sc as not to fnghten the bee, ™i the bee went inside Towser's month. Then Towser he shet his eyee dreamy, and his mouth too, and had begun to make a peocefle smile, when the bee stun? olyourhf&"U nerW 866 * 01 rally ackso in Amusing Mistakes.—The sadden trans formation of a servant girl into a grandly dressed lady is Bometimea quite startling. "Not very long ago," says Mr. Bathgate, "llaottced a gir^ho f chanced to know bad cone to the colony as an as sisted Immigrant, sitting in full splendour, Vith cloak, bouquet, and fan, beside her husband in the firat row of the dress circle at the Italian Opera [" Unfor tunately, it is easier to decorate the person than to cultivate the mind. In the wrong use of phrases Mrs. Matoprop is beaten hollow. A girl who had been nAV0lniU)/1 tn(A a lailtr nmn baawd — V ..a Another gave it as her opinion "that the mayor of their town should wear a scarlet robe lined, with vermin,' meaning, of course, ermine. Male immi grants who have come suddenly into wealth are ant to make similar mistakes. One night, at a public supper party, an individual sat opposite to a dish of pates de foie eras, which rare and costly dish he per eisted in calling "potted photographs."—Chambers' Journal. •Ridiculously Low Price for Souls.—In an article on the Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the '/Satur day Be view "makes the following amusing references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages" The devil of the 17th century beloneed to a v«y inferior type. He appeared as ahedgehSg, as a black dog, as a man in black, and dent in the smallest earns. Sixpence seems to have been the amount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they considered to be their souls,' and upon one occasion he only gave ijd. at the conclusionof' a bargain. Considering the improvement .that has been effected in the condition of the country gentle, man and the agricultural labourer, it Is not too much to say that experiences of this nature cannot he .con templated by the most sanguine and most eager as likely to occur again; the sums which will change hands will have to be far larger, and villages in Somersetshire eannot hope to be similarly favoured when the riseof populous towns is taken into con sideration. when the devil was constantly in the midst of the uninformed and the ignorant, there was nothiwr for him to do. There would be little difficulty in finding him employment at the present tW Instead of cleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building ncketty bridges across country streams, he might be fitly employed in cleansing our riveraTand if his endeavours were attended with success, no one would grudge him a local board or two or a corpora tion for his pains." 'M. Qdad" on Skates.—" You see," said my mend Beglet, as he cut a " pigeon's wing " on the glassy surface at the rink, went off on one foot and came circling around oo the other, " you ee; it is an exercise which brings all the muscles into play, and must behealthy. In fact, I)io Lewis says it is better 77—' TT. AfCWis B*Y8 1C 18 Oettec than nding on horseback." It looked so easy and so nice that * «*4- +wA —v - i— a J. . and he came . •• ov C«(y ttim SO I winked at the boy who had skates to lead une over. " That's right, old boy !" called Di> . . « m . .1,du*i u'u w> : called Begret, aa he sailed around with a handsome girl on eaSrW}fBi.' ?n^l?T,?ly blonde hanging to his coat tails — ril bet 100 dollars' that youll learn ail the flou rishes within an hour." I was highly gratified at this expression of confidence in my ability, and I kept hurrying up the boy as he fastened on the skates The impudent saucebox said I had better Btrap a giBow on the back of my head before I started out ut I passed the insinuation by in silent oontempt.' "Now, then," said Beglet. circling up with a dozen French flourishes, "the main thing is to have confi dence in yourself. Strike right out like a pioneer getting away from a troop of wolves, and m bet 100 to I you 11 make a skater." I struck out I struck in several other directions besides out One foot went to the left, the other to the right, and I whirled around and sat down. The blonde young lady up and said that I had made a capita] hit, and the other two said that I was certain to combine grace wdth muscular effort when I got fairly started. I didn't feel much like starting out again, but I had to do it. Beglet heJped me up again, said that he could already see an improvement in my health, and ^rBe? "i® ?h°re feet as I saw him do. I obeyed. The left foot shot outj leaving the right one some tods in the rear, and in faying toevenup the race alittie something struck the ice. It was myself. The back of my head struck first, and there were five distinct shocks before the whole of my body got down. Ref'6' s?jfed.uI^ s5id he never saw that beaten and the blonde declared her belief that I wasanokf S^and^8lUBt Paying off on them. The rink danced round and round as I sat up. and the small in£ 2 S^JPlnninsii v4 me •Pwawd to my vision lflMfflght or One small boys, and eight or nine grins. oW hoy, this exercise wQl brighten your cheek until your own wife wont know you," mUed me UP- 1 wautod to go home S Mund the corf store and ponder and ^^,b.utbe drs^d me to my feet, and the blonde , you'dn't Please to give them Wales flourish." I glanoed at her 0= to give me a fair show. "Come, dart right off P yeUed Beglet, and I «jroMlystartedmyfeet out onLeSloriE^vo^ • trained over six inches Wore they got ICIiAtT"" • »»'cuou over six incnes oerore they got ®^®"d of my body. I reached out for something to aup P0,",®.6' «8W«d around, and the back of my headdmr #.«?!, « j ^ I thought the roof of the rink hiS fallen in, and that 28 tons of boards and shingles had struck me In a heap, but I was deceived. "Yon aa.?t hobble, or you'd have made a splendid vS^t"*8 he PoUed at me. Theblonde ?S«1 f84 oome wthtn a hair's brttdth of cuttiur one iff the grandest flourishes known on iee ww'tcd me to try onoe more. I. told 'em f had got to go to a funeral, and that I would "be badk in hfif an hour, but it was no use. "Bee how easy it ui, exclaimed Beglet, as he pushed out and svmng one1^arouod. I pushed out and swung one tai TOuldSt pull it back. I tried to, j Beglet that Pd give him fiOdollars to grab me. n, WMtooUto Id.wed,aadwavedfwd^Sd.Md ffisi'S'sittTOsSs" SmSBsa-sS; ff^ff&'a'ssisnsjassjgB spinal column ia_ gin. out of true; but helahkhOU^K %yiy in Hopes or mending mo up "jfirnng -DMfcWf 