Installation of Bishop Hale. Shortly before seven o'clock yesterday evening the Right Reverend Bishop Hale, D.D., accompanied by Archdeacon Glennie, arrived at St. John's Parsonage, where they were received by the Rector and the Diocesan Council. The registrar read the following mandate from the Metropolitan of Sydney :? Frederick, by Divine Permission, Bishop of Sidney and Metropolitan, to our beloved in Christ, those. Benjamin Glennie, Archdeacon and Vicar-General of the Diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland. Greeting: Whereas the Right Rev. Edward Wyndham Tufnell, Doctor in Divinity, being at the time Bishop of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, did, on the 25th day of September, 1874, resign to the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury his office of Bishop of the Diocese of Brisbane, and the said resignation was duly accepted and registered, and the acceptance of the resignation notified by the said Archbishop to the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, Vicar-General of the Diocese of Brisbane aforesaid, and the paid resignation was subsequently signified to the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney by the said is W. Tufnell, late Bishop of Brisbane. And whereas the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane, at a special session duly summoned and convened for the purpose of electing a successor to the said Bishop, and held at Brisbane on the 24th day of November, 1874, did decide that, under the Sill clause of the Bishop's Election Canon, Ute appointment of the Bishop for the Diocese of Brisbane lapsed to the Bishops of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania. And whereas the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania agreed to appoint the Right Bow Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, Lord Bishop of Perth, to ho Wallop of Brisbane, and did, by a certain Instrument in writing, bearing date the 12th day of July, in the year of Our Lord 1825, limier their hands and Episcopal seals, unanimously, and cordially, and with the consent of the said Right Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale, appoint him. the said Right Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, to be Bishop of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland. And whereas, in rniraiinnce of such appointment, land in order to carry the same into effect, it is intended to install the said Right Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale into the possession of the said Bishopric of Brisbane, on the 14th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1870, in the Church of Saint John's, at Brisbane: We do therefore hereby command and require you, the said Benjamin Glennie, to attend at the said Church of St John's, at Brisbane, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the said 11th day of December, and then and there duly to distal the said Right Reverend Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, into the possession of the UMio'irlo of Brisbane, and what you shall do in pursuance of these presents We request you to certify and make known to us as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Given under our lines and the seal of the See of Sydney, which in this behalf is used this 15th day of November, in the year of Our Lord 1873", and of our Consecration the 21st. (Signed) FnEOEnicK Sydney, M. Registered at Sydney, the day and year within written by me. (Signed) Thomas James Jaques, Registrar. The following is a copy of the reply to be returned in pursuance of the above :? To the Right Reverend the Bishop of Sydney, Motvo lHilItau. I, the within named Ucitjunilit Clloniiio, do hereby certify to your Lordship that I did on the 9th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1875, in obedience to the within written mandate, duly instal the Right Reverend Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, into the Episcopal See of the Bishopric of Bmltnnc. Witness my hand at Brisbane, this 15th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1875. Benjamin Glennie, Vicar-General, Diocese of Brisbane. On the 15th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1875, the hereby certify and attest upon all whom it may concern that, on the nth day of December aforesaid, the Yeuciidilo Benjamin Glennie, Archdeacon and Vicar General of the Diocese of Brisbane, by virtue of a man- date under the name and seal of the Right Reverend Father in God, Frederick, by Divine Permission, Bishop of Sydney and Aietro'iolitjin, bearing date the 15th day of November, in the year aforesaid, commanding and requiring him to instill the Right Reverend Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, into the possession of the Bishopric of Brisbane ; still, in the Church of Saint John, at Brisbane, July Instil the said Right Reverend Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinity, into the real not! actual possession of the Episcopal See of the Bishopric of Brisbane, with all the rights and appurtenances thereof. In faith and testimony whereof we have hereunto set our hands the day and year first above written, to serve and avail as occasion may require. (Signed) Thomas Jones, Incumbent of All Saints, Brisbane, (Signed) John Sutton, Rector of St. John's, Brisbane. After the reading of the mandate, the Bishop subscribed to the declaration contained in the 24th clause of the Constitution, which is as follows:? I A. B., chosen Bishop of the Church and See of Brisbane, do promise that I will teach and maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England and Ireland, as acknowledged and received by the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane and I do also declare that I consent to be bound by all the Canons and Regulations of the said Synod which are now or they thereafter lie in force and in consideration of being appointed Bishop of the said Church or See of Brisbane, I do hereby undertake immediately to resign the said appointment, together with all the rights and emoluments appertaining thereto, if sentence requiring such resignation should at any time is) passed asking me, after the examination held by the tribunal acknowledged by the said Synod for the trial of a Bishop, saving all rights of appeal allowed by the said Synod. -? The Bishop then prayed the Archdeacon to take upon himself the execution of the mandate and a procession was formed in the following order:? First came two vergers with staves, surmounted by the eagle, the emblem of St. John, followed by boys of the choir to the number of thirty, and men of the choir of an equal number. Then came the following priests of the diocese, duly robed in surplice and hood, two and two :? John Sutton, St. John's, Brisbane Thomas Jones, All Saints, Brisbane James Love, Fortitude Valley D. A. Court, Kangaroo Point Robert Creyke, South Brisbane J. H. Black, Milton James Gilbertson, Beenleigh C. L. Williams, Ipswich J. S. Hassall, Ipswich T. Abraham, Toowoomba H. J. Campbell, Allora F. Richmond, Stanthorpe T. P. Warner, Roma J. L. Warr, Gladstone H. Leigh, Rockhampton, Next came the registrar of the diocese, the Rev. J. Moseley, of Ipswich, with the clerical secretary, the Rev. J. Matthews, of Warwick. Then came the Vicar- General, the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, preceding the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, who was followed by the Acting Chancellor of the Synod, Mr. G. V. Hellicar; the lay secretary, Mr. S. Grimley and the treasurer and chairman of committees, Messrs. W. L. G. Drew, and C. Coxen; the procession closing with the churchwardens of St. John's, Messrs. P. Phillips, R. Davidson, and the Hon. Captain Simpson. The procession of choristers, priests, and officials entered the western door of St. John's pro-cathedral, singing the processional hymn, " Onward, Christian Soldiers," until the sanctuary was reached. The church was densely crowded, and it is estimated that about 1100 persons found either sitting or standing room within the walls of the church. His Excellency the Governor and suite occupied their accustomed seats. The Archdeacon having conducted the Bishop to the throne within the rails, and having caused him to be seated, inducted His Lordship in the following words :?" I, Benjamin Glennie, Archdeacon of Brisbane, by the authority to me committed to induct, instal, find enthrone you, the Right Rev. Father in God, Matthew Blagden Hale, D.D., by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Brisbane, into the Bishopric and episcopal dignity of Brisbane, and into the real, actual and corporeal possession of the same, with all and singular the rights, dignities, honors, and appurtenances thereof. And the Lord preserve your going out and your coming in from this time forth for evermore. And may you remain in justice and sanctity, and adorn the place to you delegated by God. God is powerful, and may He increase your grace." The " Te Deum " was then sung, after which the Archdeacon offered the following prayer:? Almighty God, the Giver of all good things, who by Thy Holy Spirit hast appointed divers orders of ministers in Thy Church : McrcifuHy behold Thy tenant Matthew Blagden Hale, who is now appointed to the high office and dignity of Bishop of this Diocese and so replenish him with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with innocency of life, that both by word and deed he may faithfully serve Thee in that office to the glory of Thy Kamo, and to the edifying and ireU-governingof Thy Church. Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule this Church ; and dust having worthily fulfilled his course, he may finally receive the crown of righteousness laid up by the Lord, the righteous Judge, who liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. Evening Prayer was intoned by the Rev. D. A. Court, and the proper Psalms appointed for the occasion were the 121st, 22nd, 24th, 25th, and 26th. The first lesson, taken from Joshua, xxiv., 14 to 29, was then read by a distinct voice by the Rev. J. -H. Campbell. After this, the "Magnificat" was sung to Korea in F. The second lesson, St. Matthew, x., was impressively read by the Rev. J. W. Warr, after which followed the Nunc Dimittis, the creed, and usual collects. After the third collect followed the Anthem, by Kent, taken from 1 Chronicles, xxix., verses 10, 11, 12, and 13 :? Blessed be Thou, Lord God of Israel, our Father for ever and over. Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the tower, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty : For all that is in the heaven and the earth is Thine. Thine is the kingdom, O Lord, and Thou art exalted as head over all. Both riches and honor come of Thee, and Thou Hignett over all; and in Thine hand is power and might; and in Thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all. Now therefore, our God, we thank Thee and pause Thy glorious name. The usual evening prayers were followed by the Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's "Messiah," rendered in fine style by the choir. The rector then gave notice of Holy Communion at 10 a.m. on this (Thursday) morning. The proceedings of the evening were brought to a close by the solemn Benediction, given by His Lordship from the altar. The procession then reformed, in the order in which it had entered the church, and having passed down the aisle singing the " Old Hun- dredth Psalm," the clergy halted in order to allow the Bishop, the Archdeacon, and the rector to pass between them, after which they resumed their march and passed out of the church between files of choristers. The music was beautifully rendered by the combined choirs of St. John's, All Saints', Kangaroo Point, and South Brisbane, numbering in all about eighty voices, under the direction of Mr. R. T, Jefferies, the organist of St. John's. The service was by Nares, in F, and the princes and responses were by Tallis. The whole of tho proceedings were conducted in a most satisfactory manner, and the fact that so many persons were accommodated without confusion is due to the discretion and good tem- per with which the officers of the church carried out their duties on this occasion. 