ME'SSRS. MOODY AND SAXEY These American gentlemen numde their first appearance before a metropolitan audience on Tuesday night, March 9, in the Agricultural Hall, Islington. Accordling to a pamphlet which has been published, " Mr D. L. Moody is about 37, and in his early days was left fatherless. lHe laboured on a farm; but when about 18 went to Boston. At that time he was, if anything, a Uni tarian. Shortly after his arrival he was converted. Removing to Chicago, he entered into business. On asking a Stunlay-school superintendent to give him a class, he was told ' to get the children himself.' Some eighty were that night collected. His friends pe1r suaded him to give up business. Mr IIra 1). Sankey was f?rierly in business, anti a Suniday-school teacher." The proceedings on Tuesday night took place in the great structure so fanmiliar to visitors to the Smithfield Club C'ttle Shows, and the whole of the vast area was available for the oc cupation of the audience. It was stated that, the hall was seate:l for the accomo dation of 15,000, and if this is correct there must, before the termination of the services, have been considerably more than that nunmber present. Be fore half-past seven o'clock, a sort of informal service, consisting exclusively of the singing of hymuns which, it ap pears, belong to Mr Sankey's repertoire, was engaged in under the conduct of .the Rev. Mr Davidson, of the Isling- t ton Presbyterian Chapel. At the n appointed time, Messrs. Moody and v Sankoy came on the platform. On n the conclusion of the hymn Mrt Moody asked the congregation to join s in an introductory prayer, which ema- a nated from the Rev. DMr Billing, vicar b of Holy Trinity, Islington. On the fa termination of this prayer Mr Moody I gave out the 100th Psalm, with the a appeal " Let all the people sing;" and, si that beautiful hyum being sung with t great effusion: and real effect, asked his tl congregation to spend a few moments in. c silent prayer. On the conclusion of this tl period of silence Mr Moody began to tr pray aloud, kneeling with his hands s' stretched out. He then called, on Mr of Sankey to sing the 20th Hymn. Mr a Sankey ex-plained that the hynm " was w not a hymn of praise, but a Christian I song," and then sangit as a solo, accons- v panying himself softly. At its close tl there was some applause, which took g the form chiefly of uautl-clapping, but tl this was imncediately suppressed. At ce this stage of the proceedings MrMoody's a watchfil eye caught sight of a person tl in the area of the hall whom he clearly " regarded as labouring under other than to religious excitement. Springing to his a feet he gave vent to the observation-- t " If a uman comes into a place of wor- ca ship in a state of liquor, all I can say sl is Ihe must be taken out. Well now it sing the 61st Hymn while the man is T being taken out." This double injunc- as tion wus complied with, and while the th congregation sang, the nuan, escorted by co numerousgentlemen with staves, quietly in departed via the foot of the platform, of .ml-Arrrulir t.>t-4 v asiy h .y 1T 1(,,nly ' I£ understood appeal, "Come, come, come." pa This little incident over, Mr Moody bi proceeded to read the chapter of Co- hl rinthians which begins, "For Christ vi sent me not to baptise, but to preach for the Gospel, not with -wisdom of words, wl lest the cross of Christ should be made fai of none effect," &c.; Mr Moody is a so loud but not an effective reader of fax Scripture; his voice is highly pitched ga in a monotone; and he interspaysed ca occasional elucidations of his own into ma the text-sometimes with startling wi effect. He then proceeded to deliver do an address, which lasted for a little wl more than. half an hotum and which he so stated that he based on the truth con- he tained in the verses whichli he had read. an MIr Moody's style of preaching, as de- lie monstrated in this address, does not it, lack impressiveness of a kind. It is mi true that he is extremely diffuse, but ste he manifests great earnestness. He is ou continually saying thing that we are ma unaccustomed to hear froniom a pulpit. on "There's no now Gospel," lie exclaimed, ar "it's the old story. The world of to- alI day is always running after something less new; but if you come here expecting wh novelty, .I tell you you'll be disap- an pointed." Their message was the its same as that of "these ministers- po and with us it is in weakness too; fd bu there's hundreds of men in London no can preach better nor we can. WVhat thu we want is to look right straight away of from man, right straight up to God. ree If God's going to work in London, He of must work in His own way, and all mu we're going to do is to mark out chan- ho nels for the Holy Ghost. God will take Th His choice of instruments and means. tra There's a mountain. God wants to tio thrash thaf mountain. Well, Ie don't ri take up an iron bar; He ketches hold ma of a little worm to thrash that moun- lud tain. When God was going to destroy re the world, oe did not warn a nation or pat the world, but a single man, whom the te nations held in contempt and jeered at. als Why, God's way of delivering the nit children of Israel was different altoge- an ther from what ours would have been. Fu Weo'd have sent an army, or if we'd net been going to send a single man, we'd abl not have chosen one who'd been forty the .years at the back side of the desert. of BN he sent a quiet, humble, kind of af man, one whom we'd" call, I suppose, a I stuttoeing man, andl He said ' tell them sai I AM.' That was a blank cheque pul which.ho was to fill in by and by with fas water from the rock and manna in the one desort. The man whom God works col with most is always considered by the ofi world the greatest fool. Enoch wasn't wit a bright man to the world, but God We said 'Come up here, Enoch 1' Noah if s was the laughing stock of the day. fair Look at Joshuh, going tramping arounmd iglii the walls of Jericho.blowing in horns- hyin the most absurd thing in the eyes of our thleworld--downri4ght ridiculous.. Why, L?e w.hat would the English press have to say of such a crazy-like proceeding Si ?anoy the Archbishop of Canterbury the b trapezing roundLondon blowing horns I ing He'd have had golden horns anyhow. Look at Samson-how he worked with the jawbone of an ass; he slew a thou sand men. We don't like to go to work with the jawbone of an ass; we'd prefer polished weapons. But if we are to be in earnest, we must grab up the first jawbone of an ass we chance on, and use it for God." Mr Moody then drew for an illustration on modern and secular history. "The Devil," said he, "got his match when he got hold of John Bunyan, the Bedford tinker. I hope there may be a Bedford tinker here to-night, whom God will use for his service. A hundred such men as John Wesley would make the world tremble inside of a twelvemonth." Then he went back to Holy 'Writ. "I'd give mnore for such a man as Saul of Tarsus now in London than for ten thousand such men as are not wholly for God, being mixed upl with the world." He concluded his address by. enforcing the virtue of unity. " With pulpit and pew together Christianity should be like a red-hot ball rolling over the world, against which nothing can stand." Mr Sankey led the con gregation in the hymn, "Hold the Fort !" and the proceedings were ter minated by the benediction, pronounced by the Rev. Dr. Allon. 