THE STORY-TELLER. JKAN.' V Br Mas. NEWMAN, Author or ' Too Late/ — y - chapter Xvilt. waiting. tffioe in her own room at Fernside, Jean was left to bear her trouble as best she might, Whilst the disposal of her father's property, and her future position with regard to them remained in uneer- . tainty, they wished to avoid committing themselves to any future line of conduot towards her; had there been no graver canse for keeping apart from her. But Jean was only too glad to be left to herself, and was, in a numb sort of way, grateful to them for not disturbing her with condolences. Spared the knowledge of the revelation which had hien made, she attributed their leaving her so mafih alone entirely to their kindness. To remain till and undisturbed in her own room at Fern- side was ail she now desired, and that was granted to her. She was only disturbed by the servants bringing her food, and an occasional visit from her annt, who stood by her side in a dreary state of uncertainty as to what she ought to do. In spite of herself, Maria Foynder's heart went tenderly oat towards the orphan girl,' whom she pftpld not even now quite dislike, although she knew that her daughter's future life was probably embittered by her. Poor Mrs. Poynder, she meant to be loyal te her child, and yet she once or twice, at time went on, found herself giving utterance to a few kind words to the girl lying all day so still and hopeless-looking in a low chair by the window, her dim eyes seeing nothing ef the scene they seemed to rest upon. Onee— only once— she ventured to plead a word with ber daughter. Bat the sudden tightening of the beautiful mouth, and the hard glitter in the blue eyes, frightened Mrs. Poynder at her own daring. ..... < I— I only meant that there is just a possibility she did not know, Mande dear. Of oourse if she knew he was growing attached te her, and gave him encouragement in any way, it was very, very wrong and cruel— and- ' That will do, mamma. I am not oomplammg in any way, am I ?' 1 Oh no, my dear, no 5 but it goes to my heart to eee you look so.' 1 Ton have told Louis, of course.' ( ' Well, dear, he wanted to know, and Ton wanted to tell him.' He was so surprised at the suddenness of our return, and he asked so many questions, and I thought you wouldn't mind. It will be sure to get about through the servants, you knew. So very unfortunate their being present, wasn't it ? Not that you need mind in one way. Every feel- ing 'heart will deeply sympathise with you.' Maude set her teeth at the bare thought of the Baystone sympathy. Dear Miss Orme, too, you will ever have a staunoh friend in her. She feels how craelly you have been wronged, and will take good care to do you the justice to inform every one of the exaot troth. Will not you eee her next time she oomes, Maude dear P She was here twioe yesterday, and you know how fond she is of you.' I prefer being without her fondness. If she had not been as oonoeited as she is silly, she would have found out how much she bored me long ago.' Poor 'Mrs. Poynder burst into tears. This was terrible — worse even than Louis's reproaches, and they were hard enough to bear ! But her heart ached for her child; Maude did not occupy her self in any way,' and the terrible brooding- still ness was worse to witness than the grief upstairs. Gut aqrift from all that her soql had anchored j to, utterly aloha as she was with her sorrow, Jean i was less to be pitied than her cousin; and the i mother saw it. \ 'I think it is very unfeeling and unjtrit of I Nugent not to take any steps to set himself right with you, Maude,' one day ventured Mrs. Poynder. If only to ask your forgiveness, he ought to have come or written before now.' ''Don't worry. How do you know he has not : written ?' Has he; dear ?' anxiously. I've had a tetter.' _ A letter that had caused her lo paoehCr room . like a wild woman nearly the whole of one night, j for it confirmed all her worst fears. He had ceased to love her, and all his self-reproaches and entreaties for forgiveness went for nothing now. He had oeaBed to love her ! Worse than all, he had ventured to appeal to her womanly feeling on Jean's account; and few and constrained as his words were, his anfliety showed terribly through them. He wrote to her as to a good woman— the Maude he had always had faith in — trusting her cousin to her kindness, and begging her to believe that neither in thought, word, nor deed had Jean been untrue to her. She laughed aloud over the passage. ' Kind ness ! Kindness to Jean 1' What did he take ber for — one of the spaniel, women, who love all the - better for being beaten ? Ah, the misery of hav ing to wait for that Indian letter, with the dread that when it came she might Only find herself more powerless than she was now ! To be perhaps obliged for the rest of her life to keep up some semblance of oonsinly feeling. There was only one faint hope to live upon— the possibility of the will not having been executed, and some former one made before he took Jean into his favour Btill existing. She mfidO ho reply to Nugent Orme's letter. If he supposed he Was going to escape so easily he would find himself very much mistaken. There was something yet to hold him by— is honour. Without news about either Maude or Jean, his aunt would tell him nothing, assuming an air of cold, dignified disapproval, though she was finding it more difficult every hour, and he dared not compromise either by aeking questions elsewhere, Nugent Orme was passing his time as wretchedly as Maude could desire. Half the short nights— as long as he could do so unobserved — were passed in W&tofring; the Win- dew of Jean's room. Sbe sat there long hours, her eyes upturned to the stars, unoonscious of his nearness, bat the prayers offered up for her did not remain unanswered. Even he could see with keensightedness of love that, hopeless and cast down as she looked, her spirit had been only bent, not broken, by the storm which had burst over ber. Louis and he had met but once since the crisis, and the former's scowling looks and half- averted face had taught him what he might expect from that quarter. His faithlessness to Mande was not the worst offence in Louis Poyn- der's eyes ; nor hie love for Jean. It was the tetter's love for Nugent which could not be got ovef. Maude had meanwhile amused herself, if it might be called amusement,, by exciting her brother's worst passions. Whilst taking none into her confidence respecting her own feelingB, she rather enjoyed exposing her brother's selfish ness and vanity, though he did no; scruple to throw back all sorts of ooarse taunts in reply. She was quite impervious to such arrows as he could aim. She did not mind his telling her that she was in the same boat, with rather worse j chances for the fnture — couldn't he find lots of girls ready enough to jump at an offer from him —and so forth, when she laughed at him for fanoying Jeau was in love with him. His telling her that she had fancied Che same thing with respect to Orme did not sting her as her words stung him. With her the sting was in the faot that the thing was possible, and not in anything he could say about it ; whilst it enraged him almost beyond endurance to be taunted about having lost Jean and her fortune together. Mrs. Poynder sat silently crying, afraid to utter a word. The days dragged drearily on at the oottage — never was waiting more weary. Maude's one little distraotion was ordering the mourning, the richest and most becoming to be had for money, with all the newest devices in the way of ornament. It was some little solace to know that black was not so unbecoming to her as to most people. If not selected with quite the same eye to the becoming, Jean's mourning was also ex pensive, and suitable for the daughter of a rich man. If she proved to be her father's heiress, ae he had asserted she would be, they dared not offend her. I must wait,' Maude told herself again and again. The waiting' was not much less a trial to Louis and her mother. Fortunately for herself, Jean was not present when the long-looked-for letter arrived. She had been accorded the privilege of doing as she pleased in the matter of joining them as she grew stronger, and had gladly availed herself of it, living almost entirely in her own room. The ten days' rest and quiet had restored her to a more healthy state, both physically and mentally. Little did she share or even suspect the others' excitement about the coming letter, He was dead, and the rest mattered nothing. She had not at any time given much thought to the money part of the qnestion, attributing almost ail her advantages to her aunt's kindness, and for getting the cheques as soon as they had passed through her hands. She had everything she required — more than Bhe had ever dared to hope for when she was at Ivy Lodge — and she did not trouble herself to enquire the cost of it, so that her annt was satisfied. Indeed, she had very in definite ideas of the money value of thiugs, never having been aocustomed to spend. If she gave a passing thought to future arrangements it was to hope all would go on as before. After Maude was married she would try to be a daughter to dear Annt Maria, and they would live peaceably on at Fernside. The picture seemed a little oolonrless. at present, but it would be different when she had learned to be good — when she could hear his name without her cheeks burning and her heart throbbing as they did now. Mother, son, and daughter quite astonished the servants by their suddenly acquired habit of early rising, each making an effort to be in the break fast-room by the time the morning post came in. 'At. test!' All appearances were forgotten when their eyes one morning lighted upon the expected tetter. With trembling fingers Mrs. Poynder snatched the letter from the wondering maid's hand, in her haste scattering fiye or six others which aooompanied it upon the oarpet. _No, do not wait, go away,' as the girl stooped tQ father them up. Maude took the letter from her mother's trembling fingers, which essayed in vain to open it. It was immediately snatohed from her by Louis, who it open, and greedily devoured the contents. ' Hurrah !' What— oh, Louie, tell us? exclaimed his mother. 1 All right, it's mine I3 She saok on to a seat. ' Tell me, please, dears.' But neither gave a moment's thought to her. Her son stood gazing out of the window, with a triumphant smile upon his face, trying to realise the ' splendid luck,' and Maude was going slowly through the letter word by word, the colour deepening in her face as she read. Presently she said, with a quiet smile, addressing her brother- 'It's mamma's first, you know. He laughed. All the same, isn't it, mater F It's worth something to b6 yofcr son after all.' Has your uncle left his money to— us, then, dears ?' asked the bewildered mother. Lost in pleasant thought, her eyes dwelling smilingly upon ' some mental pioture, Maude heeded her not. But at length her son conde scended to explain to her. ' Yes, it's all right for us. The old man made a will jost before he died entting as ont as he promised, but it appears it must have been de stroyed, and she can only take what we choose to give her. Then his marriage to her mother is supposed to have been all a myth. There is no evidenoe of it to be found, and there was always a mystery about the woman he took out with him twenty years ago, and she must have died long since. There is no doubt whatever about it, Jean is illegitimate, and we take all as nearest of kin. Won by a fluke!' Mrs. Poynder uttered a sigh of relief. Never to be pressed for money . again ! ' Is it much, Louis ?' ' Much 1 I should think so ! Supposed to bring in nearly five thousand a year.' At which poor Mrs. Poynder became hysteri cal. 'She shall have everything heart could wish— she shall never know the want of money — shall she, dears F I will go this minute and tell her that ' 1 No !' Maude laid her hand upon her mother's arm, and added, with a smile which the other shrank a little from, I will tell her.' ' Don't quite kill her,' laughed her brother, whom good fortune made a little generous to Jean. ' Jove, Maude, I did not think yon had so much of the vixen in you. What furies you women are to each other.' Ton — will tell her gently, won't you, Mande dear F' pleaded Mrs. Poynder, as her daughter swept out of the room.' CHAPTER XIX. HOW MAUDE BBOKE THE HEWS. Well might Jean shrink back in her seat with a little cry of alarm, when, swift and silent, Maude entered the room, and locked the door behind her. ' Is there anything the matter, Maude F Why do you look at me like that F Maude stood looking, only looking, at the girl who 'had won his love from her — who bad stepped between ber and happiness.' But it was enough to make Jean rise nervously from her seat and shrink farther away. ' Ate you angry with me F' she faltered. For a few moments Maude made no reply, her eyes still fixed npen Jean with that terrible look ; then presently she asked in a low voice, ' If some crawling thing had stung you, and you had got it under your heel, what should you do F' 'Crush it, perhaps ; but I should be very sorry to do it, Maude.' ' I should not,' and her eyes so unmistakably hungered to crash, that Jean cowered back again with a low cry. She saw now that her secret was known, and thatwbe must expect no mercy. Mande langhed aloud. ' Why a viper oould not look more afraid.' 4 1 am not afraid, Maude, only sorry, very, very sorry, that yoa think me so bad as I see you do.' ' Bad ! is there any word had enough lor a girl who ooald treacherously take advantage of a friend's absence to spread a net' for her lover F' ' £ spread no net. I did not know— oh ! Maude, do believe it, I did not know he was yonr lover, and I couldn't help loving him until it waB too late. When I let him eee it, he told me at once that he was engaged to you.' But it was not that Jean loved him; what would her love have mattered to Maude if he had not returned it? She could have watched the heart-breaking process oalmly enough in Jean's case. jLne never- to- De-forgiven onence was tnau he loved her. ' Do you think I will ever release him ?' ' He does not desire it, and he knows I do not.' Mande chafed at her qniet hopeless tone. She had expected passionate weeping— all sorts of rhapsodical lamentations ; but what was there to triumph over here F ' You will never persuade me that you did not know.' ' But indeed, indeed, I did not!' ' You will never persuade me.' ' But I shall know it myself, and that will prevent my being as miserable as though I had wronged you intentionally, Maude. I shall not be entirely without comfort.' ' You are thinking of your father's promise to leave you his money ?' 'No.' I say yes. You are thinking of the power it will give yon; all that yon can do with five thousand a year ?' ' It would not buy what I oare for most. It would not buy my father baok for me, or it should be thankfully given.' ' Very sentimental, but bow if it is not yours to give after all— if you have neither father nor money ?' Fixing her eyes eagerly on the girl's face, she went on : ' What if the will was never signed ? What if your mother was never married to my uncle, and yon are illegitimate and left dependent upon oar bounty for your bread ?' 'Not married!' faintly echoed Jean, every vestige of colour dying out of her faoe. 'At last! Yes: one of those women who > ' We are women, Maude.' ' Do not bracket yourself with me.' 'Is that all I've got to know ?' whispered Jean. 1 Is it not enough ? Can there be anything worse than to be branded as one degraded amongst women ?' 'Yes, yes, yes!' Maude stared at her, for the moment utterly dumbfounded, as she went on passionately : ' It would be worse a thousand times to h degraded, and I am not.' Mande caught hef arm, roughly shaking it in I her anger and mor tifioation ; she was all the more violent for beginning to feel ashamed of her own violence. @nd had not meant to go1 to such lengths as this, but then she had imagined the victory would be more easy. She hated the girl all the more for making her loss her self-respect in this way. She must bring her to her knees now at any cost. ' Have not you one spark of womanly feeling F Are you proud of being tbe child of shame ?' ' Oh, Maude, do you like to say such things to me?' ejaculated Jean, the tears streaming down .her cheeks, utterly unable to comprehend the Mother's feeling. ' I was so very sorry for you.' ' How dare you tell me that ? Sorry for me ! You F whom everybody will scorn.' ' I don't feel a bit more deserving of soorn than I did yesterday, and it can't make so very much difference or else people would have found it out and scorned me before.' Then, remembering what Maude had had to bear, and allowing for what was perhaps a cqpsequenoe of her disappointment, it almost looked as though it had affected her : brain a little, she used to be so very different, she went on more gently: 'Cooein Maude, do believe me. I am very, very sorry to have caused you any pain; I am more sorry for that than being soorned, ever so much, and I know you don't really mean to he unkind to me.' Maude looked moodily at her. If she could have.felt that the girl was only a fool. How much better she oould have borne any amonnt of anger than this ! ' What do you intend to do for a living ?' Not that Maude in her heart intended to drive the other to work for it. The mere cost of her food and clotheB would matter nothing to them now, and she was not ungenerous with money. 1 Oh, do not think about that,' oheerfully replied Jean, anxious to set her cousin's mind at rest upon tha point. ' I should really prefer hav ing work to do now; I should not have so much : time for thinking, you know, and I never minded work.' At last beginning dimly to peroeive what kind ef armour it was that blunted her weapons, Mande moodily unlocked the door and went forth defeated. She saw now that in her haste to strike she had gone too far. It would nerer do to incur the scandal of turninn Jean out of doors iuafc after her father's death and their inheritance ef the property ; it would be making a martyr of her at once. Besides, it would be necessary to keep up appearances with the Ormes. In her heart of hearts she was not without some gloamings of hope that Nugent might be won back to his alle giance. She knew that, however he might desire to be free, he would now hold himself bound nntil she choose to release him, and trusted to be able to win baok his love if she conld oontrive to get him to come to Fernside, and be on some thing like the old friendly footing with them once more. He had loved her (she still tried to believe that), although those few words he bad spoken to Jean were so terribly unlike any she had ever heard him utter to heraelf), and was deeply oaneoious of having wronged her — both advantages on her side, to begin with. And now, in her cooler moments, Maude reflected that it would be the height of folly to offend Miss Orme ; she could not afford to lose so very uselul a parti san. So, when next the little lady presented herself at Fernside, her dear Maude found herself well enough to be seen, and gave her a very affection ate reception. ' You may imagine what I have endured when it has prevented my seeing even each a dear old friend as you,' said Maude, returning the little lady's kisses! Hating the deception, yet sincerely believing that not she but circumstances were to blame for forcing her to nee it. Would sot she have preferred doing right ? Had not she always preferred good to evil ? ' Don't say a word, my love ; I quite under stand. I only wonder you are as well as you are after such cruel ' ' You must not think I blame Nugent, dear Miss Orme ; I can never believe that he meant to wrong me.' ' How good and like yourself, dear Maude ; how very good !' ejaculated the little lady, very muoh comforted. It had been so terrible to believe, that her boy was to blame. She could not think it, though she meant to be loyal to Maude, and it was a great relief to hear the latter absolve him. ' I do not want to speak about her now she is in trouble, but we all know where the blame rests. The best of people err sometimes, and my poor Nugent was to unsua- peotiog' — which was the utmost limit her blame oould reaoh. I can only hope that she may be brought to Bee her error in its true light. Her father's death seemed quite a judgment— quite a judgment. jxlub urme returneu 10 cue vrrange wiia just the impiession she was intended to oarry home. Dear Maude bore her trial so meekly, uttering not a word of complaint, and had been so thank ful for her kind old friend's loving sympathy.' Ail was circumstantially repeated to her silent nephew, with the little additional speech bo care fully taught by Maude. ' What the dear girl feels most is your avoid- anoe of them ever einoe, Nugent. What have they done, you know ? Not one word of blame have they uttered ! Poor Mande expressly said she did not blame yon. Bat she oould not repress ber tears when she said it seemed so hard to have lost your friendship as well as your lore, when she had never uttered one word ef reproach. If you would only look in at Fernside sometimes on your way past, you know, dear, it would not seem so marked.' ' I will oall certainly — if they wish it ; but I think it would be better taste to let things remain as they are — for the present,' he replied, a little hesitatingly ; wondering that Maude should desire him to oall. You have not any unkindly feeling towards poor Maude, dear Nugent ?' anxiously. ' No ; she knows it.' 'Then do not you like to go beoause you are — .' . Was he afraid of himself if be met that artful girl again ? Miss Orme had succeeded in oanvinoing herself that Jean had, so to speak, bewitched him against his will, and believed that if she were kept out of his sight, he would very soon forget her and return to his first love. Per haps dear Nugent was afraid of trusting himself in Jean's vicinity again. « I do not think you need be. afraid of meeting anyone you do not wish to see, Nugent. I hear no one sees her ; Bhe has sufficient decency to keep out of sight— and———/ Her nephew's eyes warned her to say no more ; but she flattered herself with the hope that she had not been entirely unsuccessful. Nor had she. Surprised as he was at Maude inviting him (what was it bnt an invitation F) to go to Fernside, at any rate so soon, he felt that he oould not decline her invitation. The next day lie made his appearance at the oottage, somewhat — — >— — — MS I awkwardly enquiring for Mrs. Poynder, conscious that the maid- sorvtfafc delayed her reply to study him with curious eyes'/ full possession of the story of his faithlessness, 00 indeed was everyone ho met. He was shown into the dra'wing-room, and ! council was immediately called in tb® kitchen to ! discuss bis probable state of mind — his looks, tone 1 of voice, the issue of the visit, etc. eto. The visit passed off more tolerably tiSau ho had anticipated. Carefully prepared by her daughter, Mrs. Poynder behaved admirably. t?h© was as cordial as an eld friend should be in her" tone, with only just a soticon of dejection and lowering of the eyelids now and then 5 whilst Mande seemed most anxious to divest his mind of the idea that she desired in any way to reorimi- 1 nate upon him for the trouble that had come . upon her. He was impressed with the belief that, as far as possible, Bhe wished to spare him, and avoided giving any sign of her own suffering or appealing- even indirectly to bis sympathy. She- , conld not, of course, prevent bis seeiDg that she looked very pale and out of health ; but she ex cused that by explaining that dear Uncle Oliver's death had come upon them so suddenly.' Her generosity was fully appreciated, though it caused his tone to become lower and more regretful. He felt terribly guilty of having caused that other and evidently deeper suffering. She had known her uncle too slightly to mourn for him to euclr an extent as to affect her health. His manifest self- condemnation was very satisfactory to Maude. Bat just as she was congratulating herself upon getting on so well, Jean's voice was heard in the hall as Bhe entered from the garden. It was only a word or two addressed to one of the servants, as she passed the drawing-room door .on her way to her own room ; but Maude was quite startled at the effect. He seemed for the moment com pletely unmanned, and for tbe rest of his sty re mained disturbed and abstracted, finding the greatest difficulty in doing his part of the conver sation. Mande mentally vowed vengeance upozr Jean. But she presently told herself that Bhe mast be patient with him ; upon the whole, things had gone as smoothly as she could expect from a first visit. He had evidently done his best, and felt terribly conscious of having brought trouble upon her. Then she tried to believe that his die- tiiahatiNA A A fliA tAnnJ .TA«W WAIAA IJ3 MA iiuivduvu caw sue ouuuu us «wu o vuivo usu JJUU necessarily proceed from his love for her. She must, if possible, keep him to paying them an oc casional visit. Her last words, as he rose to take leave, uttered in a timid, hesitating voice, May I beg the loan of the last Quarterly, Nugent? I am so desirous to see Muiler's attiole, and the Baystone people are so long in getting things,' was a master pieoe in its way. Quite ashamed of having obliged her to ask for it, aconstomed as she had always been to receive it, he replied hastily, ' Oh, yes ; I will send it immediately ; I hope yoa will exonse my having; forgotten to do so before.' He was a little sur prised, nevertheless, that she had any thought to give to such a matter at that moment. On his way home he puzzled a good deal over his re ception, it had been so very friendly and oordial,. so muoh more so than he had expected or had any right to expect. It almost looked as if — Was there any possibility that Mande had found ont that her sentiments towards him had been after all no warmer than his were towards her, and she was goiDg to be content with friendship P He was afraid to indulge the hope. CHAPTER XX. A BIT OP SUNSHINE. The time was passing drearily enough with Jean. With the elasticity of youth she had soon regained her mental and bodily health; bat, from want of proper exercise, both were a little) deteriorating again. She had had an intuitive knowledge of her own need when she told Maade< that she would be all the better for having work: to do. Her present life afforded too muoh time for thought whilst supplying no healthy food for it. She was almost always alone ; it had come to be understood that she was not to make her ap pearance in the drawingroom when visitors were there, and Maude arranged that her exercise should be taken at a time when she was not likely to meet any of their acquaintances ; although even that contingency would not be inimical to her self now that people were prepared to regard the girl, as not belonging to their sphere — a nobody de pendent upon the Poynders' charity. Jean walked her couple of hours or so in the early morning, about as enjoyably as she' had got through the re creative walks at Ivy Lodge. 'If only they would speak to me sometimes, and Maude would let me- do something !' sighed Jean, envying the maid servants as they laughed and chattered over their: work in the kitchen. Suddenly a bit of sunshine found its way into her life, tier aunt ana cousins were out, and free to roam about the house as she pleased (no visitors would be admitted during their absence) she took her book into the drawingroom. She was poring over it, trying to imagine herself one ef a merry touring party described, when the door was softly opened, and Bomeone entered the room. She did not raise her eyes from her book , taking it for granted that it was one of the ser vants upon some errand. To her astonishment, she suddenly found two arms put round her neck, and a hearty kiss pressed upon her oheek. ' Annie — Miss Lawrence 1' she ejaculated, hardly knowing whether to laagh or cry in her astonishment. This was more like the Annie o£ old than the stiff young lady who barely ac corded Jean a bow upon the two or three occasions they had happened to meet since theh memorable day of the fSte. ' Annie, if you please, my dear. Pray don't look so soared. I hope you are not sorry to see me ?' 'Ob, no, no! How oould I be? Only I did not expect to see you, and Pre been so — stupid lately/ Annie nodded. ' You see it was no use telling me that you couldn't, wouldn't, or shouldn't be seen. They might have known that was just the way to ensure my seeing you. How kind of you ! Oh, Annie dear, did you 'really want to see me ?' eagerly asked Jean, with flushing oheeks. Annie laughed. 'If I'm to be absolutely sincere, I am not quite, sure that I did, until somebody talked me into it. Well, give me a kiss, child ; I promised not to say one word that might sound like a reproach, and I suppose I mutt like you a tiny Uttte since I feel so awfully glad to see you again. Naughty heroines are all the rage, or else I shouldn't, of course. Good gracious, how I do envy you 1 ' Euvy me— me ! Oh, Annie, you don't know then.' ' Oh yes, I do. IPs all over the place, you . know. . A lover dying for you, when he ought to be dying for somebody else ; somebody eteenafly to kill you, but trying to behave like an amiable martyr. Nobody's child ; without fortune, friends, or anything else bat lovers — all sorts of delioious complications. I should think I do envy you. Poor I am obliged to do everything in the meat humdrnm manner, engaged iu the tamest way to everybody's satisfaction. Arthur says he will run away with me if I like ; but where's the use, when everybody knows we can be married whenever we please f ' Arthur — Mr. Brayleigh?' ' Yes ; it has come to that, dear ; I did onoe think I oared most for Louis, but it turned out to be Arthur. The worst is, he took me by sur prise, and the moment he spoke found out that I cared for him ; so he wasn't even kept in sus pense. He's such a dear, too, that I really can't quarrel with him. He helped me to make my way to you, but I promised the girl not to tell ho ir, and we have so enjoyed outwitting Miss Maude. Do tell me, Jean ; isn't she more wild about it than she pretends to be P I don't believe in her, and that's the truth. I'm quits sure she's not quite so sweet about it, as she wants people to believe. I never did like martyrs. \?hy even you oan look daggers sometimes, and Edward says you are just the girl — Ah, that reminds me, I was to say all the kind things I could think of. He made me learn a most elaborate speech abont his deep respeot, and regret, for your trouble, and all that. But the gist of it is that he is a dear good old fellow, and wants you to under stand that if you need a friend there is one at the Elms Teady made.' 1 How good of him — how very, very good !' 1 Don't be sentimental, there's a dear. His being good is not a cause for tears, you know. Besides, you look— what word was that, Arthur ? Qh, hipped enough already. 1 Hipped ?' ? Out- up— worried, you know, with a superior air, J I could hardly be anything else, after ' Oh, no, £0, of course not ; you must not mind my way.' Then, to create a diversion, What do you think of this jaoket, dear V f It's very—' ntterly at a loss what to say, Jean added, 'Nice and warm, isn't itP' « But the shape — what does it look like, child ?' Isn't it — something like a— gentleman's short goat ?' hesitatingly, Yes i' delightedly replied Annie. ' Of coarse it is j I had it made by Edward's tailor. Daring, isn't it P And this cravat; do ypu notioeP No one could take this for a lady's. I bny them at the hosier's to make qnite sure, and I won't have it called a tie because that's of no gender. Jean began to laugh. 1 You really do look like a boy at the top of you, Annie !' 'All right!' replied Annie, contentedly. Pre sently she went on, eyeing the other a little ourionsly ; ' I suppose you are engaged to Nugent Orme now, Jean P' « No ; oh, no, no !' 1 Then that acoounts for Miss Maude being so meek about it. But there can't be much chance for her, after hie falling in love with you. Mr. Orme wishes her to be his wife, Annie, and I think she will Oe.' The story is that he doesn't wieh it.' 'I cannot think how such a thing got about. 1 Don't you know, Jean ? In the simplest way jn the world. It appears that when you heard of the bad news from India, you became insensible, and he got frightened, and talked to yon in the most loving way before all the servants, qnite raved over you ; their housemaid told our Emma, whilst Maude stood listening as white as -1 1 a ghost. ' How terrible for her !' / - 'Well, it oouldn'c have been very pleasant. shouldn't like to stand by whilst Arthur was making violent love to another girl oertainly ; but it would make some difference if she did not want him, as I suppose you did not ?' with a keen questioning glance into the girl's face. Poor Jean. In spite of herself a burning flush mounted to her brow and her eyes fell. I Ab !' ejaculated Annie. ' I do believe you are as good as somebody always said yeu were, aod that you are going in for self-sacrifice and all that ! I should think if he were here he would say that I might go on now she mused ; study ing Jean's face. 'He said I was not to let- any thing, not even her engagement to- Nugent Orme, deter me.' She added, 'And I haven't told you what I came specially to say, Jean. I a 11 going to stay at Eastbourne with Arthur's aunt for three months. Between ourselves, I think she's going to try to convert me from the error of my ways. She actually told me one day that she feared I had a tendency to fastness — as if it were desirable to be slow ! Anyway, she has taken a house at Eastbourne and talked papa over about the good it will do me to have three months with her before my marriage, as I had never experienced the advantage of a mother's care and counsel, Mamma died whilst I was an infant, you know. Poor papa in sists Hpon my going, and even Arthur dared t) say it would do me good. I've been think ing that there's one thing that would make it bearable, and only one, that is your ooming with me ?, ' Oh, Annie, what a kind thought ! How very good !' ' Don't admire the goodness too much, my dear ; it may not have originated from myself, you know. But I shall be really thankful if you will come. Fancy how awful it would be to be imprisoned for three months with a stiff old woman who seems to have no other eubject for conversation bat feminine propriety !' I I don't know how to thank you but— ' You won't come P , ' I cannot, Annie.' 1 You are afraid of Maude ! It is no use deny ing it, for I know you are, but leave me to manage her. I will get her into such a corner that she will be forced to consent. My dear, I should quite enjoy it!' said the laughing girl. ' I should like to give her pat for every little nasty speech ebe has made to me. Only cay you will come and I'll take oare she shall let. you. She may be a little glad to get you out of the way, you know. Say yon will, Jean ?' But Jean shook her head. Grateful as she felt for their kindness, she saw that she ought not to enter into any closer relationship with the Law rences. So, though Annie Lawrence used all the arguments she could think of, she went away ub- successful. But she left Jean a great deal oheered by tbe visit. It brightened her wonderfully to know that the Lawrences, who seemed acquainted with so much of what had occurred, could still have aueh kindly feeling towards tier. If they had even .known the worst part she couldn't help be Btrwg they wouldbafe \ 