The Sportsman. The New System of Boring Guns. "THE CHOKE-BORE." RAMROD. ACCORDING to Greener, every sportsman with a gun built on this system is to become a perambulating genius of destruction, from whom no bird inside of 100 yards will have a ghost of a chance. It is not by any means a new idea, as Pape, of Newcastle, tried it about fourteen yean ago, and abandoned it under the impression that the great amount of friction would be fatal to the barrels. The principle is very simple ; it consists in the bore decreasing in diameter from the breech to the muule, so that the shot will have a concen trating tendency on leaving the barrel, and there can be no doubt but it gives a better pattern, as the recent trial of guns by Greener, Maleham, and Barker, show 173,192,198, and as high as 210 pellets of No, 6 shot in a 30-inch target at forty yards, but the penetration is not equal to the old style of gun. The choke-bore system is badly applicable to muzzle-loaders, on account of the wad being too small on reaching the charge, but a modification of the bore would go far to meet this difficulty. __ There can be no doubt whatever that the fric tion of the shot is very great towards the muzzle, and that much more of the charge is jammed out of shape than by the ordinary gun ; but still the action of lead on laminated steel would need to be of long duration to seriously in jure the barrel. It is of little consequence to many British sports men if they have to buy a new gun every season, but an Australian would expect to hand his down to the third and fourth generation. We> cannot afford to purchase a forty-guinea gun every year out here, but the time will come when the wealthy Queenalander shall go forth with his brace of pointers, his choke-bore, his ventilated ooat, his Glengarry boots or Lome brogue%, and an impermeable hat, to revel in fields of par* tridge, pheasants, grouse, hares, and every other kind of European game, without that degenerate system of beating and driving which has brought shooting into contempt. Greener lauds this new system of boring into the seventh heaven of perfection, but then we know that he is the chief maker and most deeply interested; besides, Greener is such a capital hand at blowing, as to rival the " Colonial*' of " Anthony the Truthful!" That he is a first class gunmaker is indisputable, and that there are many others equally good is just as certain ; but Greener claims to be Ajax Telamon, and so long as this is granted, he cares very little who may be Ajax the Leas! Pape, of Newcastle, is a formidable rival He defeated Greener in '66, a fact which the latter has not forgotten yet, nor is he ever likely to, but Pape is nevertheless quite able to make as good a gun as Greener at any time. The Field is undoubtedly the greatest author ity on guns, and to that source must we look for reliable information, for it is a journal not at all likely to favor one gunmaker more than others. Maleham has also defeated Greener in the late trial with choke-bores, by obtaining a better penetration and an increased pattern. Now Greener professed and professes to make guns for anyone that will give a pattern of 200 at forty yards in the 80-inch target, and yet his highest in the competition is 191, and we may feel satisfied he used the best gun he could find. The latest novelty is a gun by Lang-, which differs from the ordinary one by being self-cocking. It is on the Lefeaucheaax principle, but on press* ing the lever the gun is opened, and the ham mers brought to full cock with the one motion. This gives greater rapidity of fire, and is decid edly a capital idea. There is a tremendous spirit of emulation amongst the gunmakers, and it results in new discoveries, fresh improvements, and exposure and abandonment of all defects. The principal gunmakers are Greener, Pape, Dougall, Long, Turner, Maleham, Lancaster (2), Boss, Tisdall, Woodward, Grant, Horsley, Hol land, Vurdey, Blissett, Rigby, Reilly, Berry, Woods, Westley Richards, Cogswell and Harri son, Needham, Adams, Fuller, Daw, Blanch, Scott. Hollis, Powell, Richards, Crane, Walker, and, in the words of Virgil, a host of others too numerous to mention. Guns from any of the above makers are likely to be genuine, because they have a name and reputation to sustain, and consequently allow no barrels to receive their names unless of fint-class make. The reader will bear in mind that the guns I speak of are high class, and not the three-pound ten Brummagems that so much resemble the Arab's gun which hung fire until the enemy walked out of range, and then burst and blew the Arab's head off. In this country, where hun dreds of boys are allowed out with cheap guns, with not the slightest idea of using them, and entirely ignorant of the danger attached to the treatment they give them, it is a wonder there are not more accidents from the use of firearms ; but it is not difficult to explain the small number of barrels burated, and the scarcity of accidents from that cause. In the first place, the most common Birmingham barrels and the cheapest rubbish exerted require a pressure to burst them which is remarkable. They are made of good iron, with plenty of metaLiu the breech, and receive no dressing after receiving the proof marks from the London or Birmingham proof masters, and therefore are comparatively safe to a certain extent, although the preof-marks on a gun are not a guarantee of absolute freedom from danger, especially in the higher class guns, as they are tested with the proof charge with the barrels in the rough, and are dressed down and polished afterwards. A barrel of 61be., when tested, might be after wards dressed down to 31bs.. and yet the proof marks remain intact; and consequently we must rely more upon the integrity of the gunmaker than the proof-masters. It U a serious mistake testing the rough barrel instead of the finished one. Common guns of the colonial stamp are nearly always loaded with weak common powder, and as boys have a decided objection to the violent recoil of a heavy charge, they only use such small charges as entail very little danger from a de funct barrel. Iv the rough unfinished bore of a oheap gun very small charges produce a recoil double that of the same fired from a highly polished barrel, and therefore in the " kick" of the " Brummy" lies her comparative safety from dissolution. Diamond, grain is the powder moat liable to burst a gun-barrel, its great strength and sudden and violent ignition exerting a tremen dous strain on the breech end. Let any sports man fire three drams of this powder and one and a quarter ounce shot, and then try three drams of No. 6 powder with the same oharge of shot, and the difference of recoil is astonishing. The coarser the powder, the lees recoil, less damage to Bhot,*less Btrain on the gun, and altogether far better results in shooting. The objection to gun cotton is its instantaneous ignition, which gives a great recoil, and immense pressure on the breech end. Its advantages are its cleanliness, and giving off no smoke to obscure the view. It is used in England by a good many sportsmen, but is far inferior to gunpowder, and not at all likely to supersede it. Schultze's wood powder gives little smoke or recoil, and is an excellent powder to use. The powder most ÜBed in Eng land is the No. 3, 4,5, and 6 grain powder of Curtis and Harvey, or Pigouand Wilks. I forgot to mention in the first part of this article that though Maleham made the highest tingle shot, Greener was best in the average. Maleham put 240 pellets in a 30-inch circle, at forty yards, with a 12-bore Damascus, 30-inch, loaded with three drams powder and one ounce chilled shot. This is really an extraordinary pattern, and at thirty yards would cut a bird to pieces and spoil it altogether. To show the irregularity of Bhoot ing, some of the shots were as low as 53, and up to 240. A difference of 187 pellets, whioh looks bad for the choke-bore in comparison with '66. 