LEYHUR& REEFS. A coiirespondent, under the signature of An ' Old Reefer,' sends us the following : — Having been attracted to the Lcybura reefs froru a paragraph I read iu your journal con cerning the same, I wish to inform my fellow diggers and tlic public in general what is doing and what has bceu dune during my six wceks^ stay an the field. Tlw. nrinrmini l-nnf* )mt-/- .a fltn 1Xiramrniwiiii-n The prospectors liuld a claim of four men's ground, and considering the time they havo been working, which is abuut two :md a half years, one is astonished to bco so little work done ; but tlic fact is, the men know nothing whatever about working a reef. It is a great pity to sec su nice a reef muddled about as it is. After two nud h, half years' work those juen hove ouly raised about 180 tons of stone, aud that from a vein averaging eighteen inches thick, and embedded in soft blue slate. From this claim has been crushed a parcel of five tons, of which 1 shall have more to say hereafter. No. 1 West is a claim of six men's ground, and is under the management of a person of tho name of James ltyau, who, 1 must say, thoroughly understands his business. Tiiey have in this claim a wcU-dcGucd reef, two and a half feet thick in places, and, from what L know of reefing, I should expect to sec this claim turn out one of the best on the line. No. 1 East is a claim of six men's ground. They have a shaft fifty feet deep, and expected to have cut the reef in a very few feet, but owing to the turu things have taken by the crushing of the prospectors, they Lave decided upon a temporary registration. i\ow, wuii regai u ut me crusningoi me pro spectors' stone, tiie result of which caused the registration of several claims, as well as a par tial stagnation of all ininiug matters, the pro spectors — silly fools as they were ! — entered into an arrangement with Bell and Co., machine owners, to give them fifty tons of stone to crush. —Dell and Co. only charging one ounce of gold per ton of stone for crushing (not a bad reef that would realise it), for they say it could not be done cheaper, as they had to send all the way to Ciympie for a practical man to superintend the crushing. After a good deal of delay they commenced crushing upon stone that would warrant two ounces to the ton ; but had the stone contained ten ounces to the ton, I should havo staked my life that they would uot have saved a fifth of it But seeing everyone so sanguine of success, I did not like to damp their ardour at the time by shewing how, if they continued crushing in that manner, they should lose all their gold ; aud seeing also that tlic prospectors themselves were quite satisfied with what Was doing aud what was done, I thought it would have been presumption ou my part to offer a hint Af tercrusUing a parcel of five tons, the proprietors of the machine decided upon washing up, and the result _ was _ seven pennyweights to the tou. You may imagine the disappointment. The public may not understand me, but my fellow-diggers can, when I tell them that tho stamper-boxes contained but two ounces of silver after five weeks' crushing ; that the tables were as flat as a plain, and that it took the united efforts of the manager aud two assistants, with mops aud brushes, to keep the tables clean, as well as an extra hand at times to dig the saud oil' the blaukets, which blaukets wore never re moved or washed once during the five weeks' crushing. How, then, could it be expected that the stone should turn out well after such treat ment 1 Still, I am confident that the stone from the prospectiug claim aud No. 1 West will pay, and that handsomely : but uot if they allow it to be crushed by men who know nothing whatever about the saving of gold. As u proof that the stone is payable, a few of the most 60UBible of the miners, not bciug satisfied with the treatment the stone re ceived, waited upon the Warden (Mr. Cardew), nnd he kindly consented to ask the prospectors for a ton of their stone, to be crushed under the supcrvisiou of the miners. They acceded to tlie request, and the result was one ounce and three pennyweights ; aud the miners are fully satisfied that had they becu allowed to remedy the defects of the table, they should have saved a third more gold. I must uot forget to add a caution to my fellow miners who may be passing through, uot to be led away by idle re ports concerning those reefs, for at the present time there is uot the ghost of a chance of the Uonafulc uuuer getting a job, unless he Do a good drinking man. It is a great pity that those men who have embarked capital in tho reefs should not do their business direct with the miners, for they are the proper men to appeal to for iuforina- ' lion — their opinions arc backed by experience. Hut here the opinion of the miner goes for nothing. If you were to complain of your gold being lost you are simply told that you know nothing of it ; one has to stand by and see his own gold washed away boforo his eyes. There is one thing I am certain of, that tho miners will have uo more stone crushed under the pre sent management of the lunchiuc March 15, 1670. 