ALONG THE 8HORE. Tho Shore Lino Railway, running from New Haven to Kew London, is a division of the New York nnd New Haven Railway, and like that magnificently kept route, is grand in upholstery, smooth in bcd, trim in track, rapid in speed, end more thun ordinary in scenery. The routes of travel under control of Vanderbilt are barti cularly noticeable for the vivid contrast between the ordinary coaches and the drawing-room or palace afiairs. 'ibis contrast is kept up at the little end mostly, the common cars being es devoid of beauly and comfort as tho new clothes of H neighbour. The N. Y. & N. H. Co. do things differently. They are not in league with Pullman or Wagner. At Kew Loudon the cars aro ferried over the Thames River, end on the other shore run on to thc track of the New London and Stonington road. Thc boat thus employed is an immense structure, is in perfect good nature, receives six cars without moving, and charges a dollar for meals. If thc proprietor of the eating saloon owned the boat I etiould bc afraid to sail in it. llioseoffho passengers who didn't risk their lives in trying to swallow ono dollar's worth of victuals, employed the twenty minutes allotted ts sail in examining the furniture eud various appliances ot tho boat, and ewearing back at the ofllcers who sought to interfere. lu this manner we passed over the water, farmer] tbs proper connection on the other eldo and sped away to Stonington, tea miles distant. . My object in coming here was to attend and report the first annual meeting of the Connecti- cut Baptist Social Union. There is a name copious enough to suit a native of Maine. The organization wai holding a business meeting in the Baptist church thero on arrival. This was half past six. It closed before I could get fixed up and get there, Bud so I employed the interval in looking up the chief charms of the town. Stonington as a town boasts six or seven thou- sand inhabitants, but as a borough it is cut down to one-third in number. Stonington was a place of some importance during the Revolution, and enjoyed a battle of a sanguinary nature. Later in life it became noted as a whaling town, and now keeps in place in history as the depository of the " Stonington Linc." It is also a "resort" for city people, and in this connection has a hotel which is not only roomy and handsomely located, but is also clean, and is managed as carefully and cleverly as the best of homes. I refer to the Woda wauuck House, kept by T. M. Mason. The place is popular, and always crowded through the summer season. Its clerk, J. B. Adams' was formerly of thc Clarendon Houss,Grecn Cove Springs, Florida, and a very gentlemanly clark ho is. Stonington bas its newspaper, of courso, a sprightly local, with Jerome 8. Anderson os editor. I found Mr. Anderson an invaluable chaperone, [I peeled that name from the cover of a collar box I fonnd on tba cars. I don't kpow what it means, but it looks nice,] and through bis kindness and patience I am able to give your readers some information that will make their beads ache. I know just as anybody how bitterly opposed tho American people ss a class are to receiving knowledge, but I will give them valuable information when they don't know it, aud they never will know it, Til do it so adroitly. Stonington is in tho extreme eastern corner of Connectent, where it laps on to Bhode Island end the Atlantio Ocean. It is beyond Long Islsnd 8ound, and the water that washes its piers and beats mournfully against tbs break- water wall is of the genuine Atlantic. This is a bit of intelligence yon »ill receive in Stonington before you bave a chance to show your igno- rance. The place has a look about it that ÍB very sug- gestive of St. Augustine, Florida. The moon- light, the deserted piers, the inactive atreets, and the quiet appearance of the business places which ara built solidly against the walks and stand there as sombre and as expressionless as a row of town officers being photographed, smack strongly of theprominentpoints of 8t. Augustine. But the business men aro active and shrewd, and show that they didn't fool away any time while dealing with tho old salts who once fre- quented the town; and whoso profanity and sweat would confuse tbe bead of a nail keg. One of these merchants struck mc ss beings very interesting gentleman. Ho said ta rae, "Here, Mr. Perkins, you will see (ho genuine Atlantic Ocean. Tho water that laves our shores is the pure ocean." I thanked him and retired. Tho breakwater I recently spoke of is a struc- ture built by thc government to protect the bar- bour. It runs out into the water a great num- ber of feet-I forgot bow many, but about as many feet as a breakwater would require to run that distance-and ends with a light-bouse. This wall which places its sides against the wilderness of waters, is made of ponderous blocks of granito, and forms on its surface one of thc prettiest promenades on the coast. A gentleman to whom I wes introduced hero, called my attention to the fact that the waves which curled along the wall were from tbe Atlantic, and ill Ibo water I could see on either band came from the genuine ocean. I thanked bim, and got away to tho point, and stood there with my bat oil, and looked away off to the oast where the purple sky and shadowy water seemed ta unite, and then in the west where great banks of cloud tried to frown and appear mad, tut couldn't succeed for the golden rifts and silver smiles which tossed their blackness into purple billows, and buried it into a tomb all orange and scarlxt. Down on the bay tho light of the de- parting day was reflected in many colours. Its surface ehoue like glass, and the vessels which here and there broke the light were as motionless as the rock on which we stood. To the south is Fisher's Island, but dimly seen now, and back of us is the long point, of land which Rhode leland runs into tho ocean to accommodate several hotels and hundreds of city people. Wo were told that that was " Watch Hill," sud that iu the morning we should bo taken over there and made sea sick. At this point of conversation I turned to go. casting ono lingering glance over the magnifi- cent display of water and sky, and nearly tripped over an old buffer, wbo bad inconsiderately got ander my feet. I commenced to apologize, but be politely prevented it by observing,-" It ia no matter. Seeing that you are a stranger, I wish to coll your attention to the fact that these j waters are from the Atlantic They are of the | genuine ocean-tbero is no discount to that." I wrung his band tn gratitude, and fled. I bad pointed out to me piers whose number- less whnlinE vessels had received their stores and shipped their men for years of cruising. But tins was a long time ago-before mature man- hood waa gifted with a desire to blow down lamp chimneys, and beautiful little girls in woollen drosses acted as fatal inceneeto obstinate kitchen Ores. Kow the piers aro quiet, and with the excep- tion of an occasional sealing vessel, no indication of the former glory remains. There is a sealer fitting out here that is a marvel to seamen. It is not any longer than a city building lot, but it is proposes to go to the Shetland Islands for seals. We don't know how many ssals it will accommodate with its crew and provisions, but unless the seals will consent to lie close, the trip will be more productive of famo than spondulicks. [Ibis termsignifics money, and was very popular in tho dark ages.] I returned to tbe hotel after a pleasant stroll, and found tbs members of the Union about tc sit down to a supper that looked in every way tempting. The meal passed with due animation, and was followed by brief speeches by several of the members, which were listened to by a pleased and pronc-to-applaud auditory. Mr. Amesbury, of Danbury, and myself, designed going to Providence on tba trsin which is popularly supposed to leave Stoning lion for Boston upon the arrival of the New York boat. This event comes off at sometime between one and two o'clock a.m. Having ascertained this much, the porter was notified of our intention, and agreed to take a liberal interest in whatever efforts we should make to keep bim awake until that time. Shortly after midnight I dropped in lo aee mattera progressed, and found Mr. Amesbury and the porter wide awake. I don't really know what kind of statements my Danbury friend bad been miking, but the porter, who wes a coloured man, was sitting bolt upright on a chair, and looking around OB lively as if a ghost was about to step in and borrow an umbrella. Pretty soon he detected the sound of a bell in the direction of the landing, and told us the boat was now about two miles out, and then he disappeared up stairs. I waited and listened. I didn't hear the boat touch the pier, but presently I could distinguish the fact that the locomotive was doing something down there. There was a putting, and blowing, and creating for awbilo, followed by whatsounded auspiciously like a train of cars moving away ita a burry. But I knew Ibo porter knew hu business, and so I didn't feel uneasy. Betides, the train might have become tired of waiting, and was taking a little run into the country just for exercise and to kill timo. When the porter returned, he picked up the baggage, and said it was queer that boat didn't come in, and started for the pier followed by us. We got there about fifteen minutes after the train had left. The porter was surprised. " I doclarc !" said be, and ut once returned to tho hotel. We followed after, my companion walking stiffly, and myself thoughtfully, every few minutes describing a circle over the walk with my foot in hopes of coming across a rock large enough to kill a coloured man. He showed us up to bed in silence. As ho closed tbe door bo gave us a glance and spoke volumes of regret, and said, " You ain't on the Sound now, gontlemon ; the waves you bear besting, against the wharf is from the Atlantic ; it's the genuino ocean. Good night." We got up early next morning, os we wero to take the seven o'clock train. I took a run down to the pier while breakfast was preparing. The sky was densely clouded, a cool bréete was blow- ing, and the air eeemed to put en abundance of inspiration in mo. Out on the end of thc pier I Baw sn object clothed with a tarpaulin, as oil cloth cape, and a pair of dark pants. It WOB a figure cut out of wood, but painted so naturally thot it looked like the rear view of an " old salt." I had heard of such things before, and said to myself, " Now here is a genuine curiosity-a regular figure-head," and as no one appeared to be looking I picked upa rock and heaved as it to see if it was hollow. I am not a bit superstitious, but when that wooden structure suddenly faced about and distinctly ennnciated, " D-n my toplights," I felt my hair instinctively lift- also my feet. After breakfast wc wont down to tho cars, and aa I was getting aboard, I ran against an old acquaintance. ."Hello, Perkins," said be, "what are you doing here ? " " Summering," enid I. " Nice place, ain't it p " said he. " Tba real old Atlantic you find hero. Every wave is 1 from the genuine " " There, there ; that will do," said I, wearily, and (he tram mored away. -Danbury News 