COUNTRY LETTERS. GEORGETOWN. June 9 Owing to high floods in the Broughton the Adelaide mail, due yesterday at noon, did not reach here till about 2 o'clock to-day, and con sequently the whole of the postal arrangements are thrown oat of gear; but it has teen arranged to send off a mail to-night to go through to , Clare. Yery heavy rains have fallen. Host of the seeding is, however, over, and country is looking green and beantifnl; bat Georgetown is shockingly maddy, except the small piece of metalled road through the main street. Trade is dull, _ BDITHBURGH, Jane 7. On Friday the election for the House of Assembly differed from contests in other places, as no excitement prevailed. Why out of 400 persons on the roll only 40 recorded their votes could not he understood except by people living in the district. As in the former contest no candidate considered it worth the trouble to explain his views to the inhabitants of the soothern portion of Yorke's Peninsula, so the settlers got disgusted, and the great majority did not vote. The population in these Areas, however, is increasing fast, and before long the roll of electors will count votes by thousands. The time is not far distant when this portion of the district will turn the scale, notwithstanding the efforts of the mining population. However, we consider it unjust and a want of courtesy that candidates do not visit the agricultural portion of the Peninsula, but slight the farmers. No doubt aspirants will ere long be glad to come and court the assistance of the agriculturists, but not till then mil the southern settlers poll unanimously. On _ Friday those who did vote would not give their support for a man who would not be a credit to the House or an ormament to his con stituency. MEADOWS, June 16. Very heavy rain has fallen, and last night it came in torrents. The land is so saturated that seeding and ploughing operations will have to be suspended until the superabundant moisture has drained away. The works at the new bridge over the Meadows Creek are almost at a standstill because of wet weather. The Hall Committee held a meeting recently, at which the Secretary reported that over £70 had been collected. It is proposed to commence building as soon as £100 has been subscribed. Hoopicgcough is prevalent, but without fatal results. The postal arrangements are very unsatiafae tory, the mail seldom reaching the Post-Office before 7.45 p.m., while according to the time table it should arrive by ten minutes past 7 1 o'clock. Why this should be no one appears to j know. While the opposition coach was on the road the mails were frequently as much before time as they are now behind. TWO WELLS, June 17. A steady rain with its attendants—bad roads and swollen rivers—cause this little town to appear duiL The Good Templars held their first public meeting here in the Government Schoolroom to welcome Mr. S. D. Hastings. The building was full, and Mr. S. Moody, J. P., presided. The visitor spoke as he had done at numerous other places on the position of the Order and pro hibitive legislation much to the satisfaction of the audience. Several recitations and vocal and instrumental selections were given by lady and gentlemen amateurs. BOOBOROWIE, June 18. The weather has been almost continuously wet, and the rain has fallen in such quantity that a creek has run more since the 8th than it did in the whole of last year. The plains, from the want of proper guiding channels for storm water, are in a shocking state. The eating-house was described as a lighthouse in the dark a few years ago, and is in that state now. From Baldry Post-Office to Gum Creek Paddock horses could propel a load through the mud better in a boat than in a wagon. One man at the latter place bad to divide his load into three to get it to Farrell's Flat. The wool in all South Australia, except within the rainfall line, wfl be "breachy" this year, also in the Riverina districts of New South Wales, because the locusts and drought caused such poverty in the sheep as to make the wool thin; and now, with green herbage, rain, &c.;, when the sheep pick up flesh a strong growth of wool will start afresh, leaving the middle of the year's growth " breachy," which will there break in two in manufacturing. That is the reason poor sheep are dear at a gift in June. This should tempt the farmers within the rainfall region to grow wool, seeing that with care it will always command a fair price, because it is never " breachy" there in acy sheep. The wool here is excellent. It will scarcely be credited in Adelaide that the wages for competent shepherds here are less than 15s, per week and rations, with little lack to replace vacancies for a smaller amount. It seems that *' Drunken Darnel," or drake, finds little disfavour with the millers, for wheat free from it has fetched little more money than that with abundance. Tilling operations are so nearly complete that men are being discharged, which must happen in a newly-settled district like this without barus for indoor work, as in the present wet weather labourers could only heap up fires and feed horses. A few broadcast wheatsowers have been used here, but unless some contrivance be added to easily lift and empty the heavy wheatbags into them, they are scarcely worth their cost. WILLTJNGA, June 15. Very heavy rain has lasted a fortnight or three weeks and retarded farming operations. Soma places are quite boggy, especially the biscay land. Fine weather is much wanted to enable farmers to finish seeding. TRURO, June 22. Monday was observed here as a holiday. The stores were closed, and no business was transacted. Cricket was played, and a number of young ladies got up a croquet match with spirit. The games were kept up till the shadows of the night interrupted the sport, and the players then adjourned to the Crown Inn, wlmre a gocd dance took place. ROCHESTER, June 22. OwiEg to the almost continuous wet weather the main road through the township is gradually being washed into watercourses for want o proper drainage, and on each side the roads are like a strip a chain wide of well-ploughed land with an occasional lake to relieve the monotony, A resident sent his horse to grass, but the animal entered an open and vacant farm hut and then the door must have blown to, thereby imprisoning the beast for a day and night. It was accidentally found by a boy, who, on first hearing a noise, thought it must have been from a ghost. The roads, rivers, and creeks are dreadfully out of repair. A day or two ago a farmer was thrown from bis horse into the Magpie Creak, and severely bruised. Several narrow escapes to persons crossing the Broughton have been re ported. The river is about as high as ever it has been since the region was settled upon. This place is a little livelier than usual on account of the buildiDg of an hotel; but a butcher's, baker's and shoemaker's premises are needed to make the village class with some of the better known Northern townships. BLINMAN, June 21. The weather is fine and dry, free from frost, hut rain will be acceptable. The Adelaide mail arrived at 2 o'clock this morning, which is an improvement on the past few trips. The Wesleyan Sunday-school anniversary ser mons were preached on the 20 th, and on Monday, after tea, Miss Buttfield presided at the harmo. nium, Mr. Perry leading the scholars in singing. A cheque for £20 was presented to Mr. W. Richards on the eve of his leaving the district as a token'of gratitude for his attendance on the sick in the absence of a doctor, his superinten dence of the school, and his conducting of Divine service when the minister was away. An address in recognition of his urbane and manly character and conduct was read by Mr. J. W. Duck. Mr. W. J. Paul and the Rev. W. T. Carter spoke in highly eulogistic terms of Mr. Richards, than whom none would be more missed of all who went from Blinman. The recipient of the gifts feelingly replied. Pro ceeds of the anniversary £19 lis. 6d. CLARENDON, June 23. The weather contiautng very wet and cold is causing sickness. Pruning has commenced, and the farmers are still very busy. Business is rather dull, conseauently money is scarce. If it were not for the timber required for various Government works many men who now get a living by sawing would have to leave this place. The "Wesleyans are adorning the town by building a new chapel, which is now being plastered, and will be a neat place of worship. KOORINGA, June 23. Excellent photographs of the Burra Mine, taken by Mr. H. J. Thwaites, deserve mention. Wheat is beginning to spring, and the billa present a beautiful appearance, being covered with a rich carpet of green grass. Monday was not observed as a holiday, the tradesmen preferring Thursday, the day on which the mine holds its animal holiday. LYNDOCH, June 14. Serious floods have again occurred- here, heavier than for many years. A good shower , this year is almost certain to resultin the forma* faon ot lakes, as if the hills received an imnmnJ portion of the fall and sent it to the valley in sheets, Last winter nothing like these floods were experienced. The roads are suffering very much, as in many places the top metal li" been washed away and other injury done. On Saturday the newly-elected member for Joarossa, Mr. J. Dunn, jun., passed through to Tanunda, with three Gawler gentlemen, inclu ding the Mayor. They were joined here by a resident. On coining to Lyndoch Creek, Brad ley s driver was afraid that his horses would not face the water, as it was veiy high. However, : on the mail coming, which contained Dr. Hubbe, the team ventured to follow, and got safely j through, although the water was up to the 1 bottom of the vehicle. After this all went well' anal the party came to the long-famed Jacob's Creek, which was high, " Johnny" rushed at it, and presently the defeated candidate was. safely through, but Bradley's team, fright ened at the boiling current, to which they were strangers, stopped in Hie middle, ;and could pot be moved; fortunately the water was not nsing, or the probability is that Mr. Dunn would not have been forthcoming to take his seat in the Assembly. Flogging, coaxing, and shoutiDg were tried in vain, and not a move would the horses make. After some time Messrs. Jacob, sen. and jun., Mann, and others arrived, and for the first time the party in the coach learned that there really was danger, and that it consisted in the horses yielding'to the force of the current and turning to the left, where they would get off the ford into a large bed of rocks, where a man was drowned some time since. To prevent this a rope was thrown from the company gathered on the footbridge, and fastened to the pole of the omnibus between the swingletrees. Mr. Dunn and another pulled off their coats and appeared in shirt-sleeves, determined to "do or die," One gentleman unfastened his gold watch and chain, and secured it in his trousers pocket, so that if he were drowned it should "not be lost." Even at this moment of excitement the men kept cool, and speculation was indulged as to whether, if Mr. Dunn went down the creek and was drowned, Dr. Hubbe would not be declared the member for Barossa. After being in this awkward fix" for 20 minutes or more a united effort was made, those on the footbridge pulling heartily at the rope, when the horses felt the conveyance move, and with a jump and a plunge away they went, and got safely through. Then those who had so kindly assisted were unanimous in condemning the foolhardiness of even a newly elected M.P. for braving such a creek, even though Her Majesty's mail had led the way. for, as a lady remarked, " Johnny is used to it, but he is too courageous." An adjournment to the celebrated Moorooroo Wine Cellars soon made all right, and the folks went on dashing through creek Ho. 3, the Tanunda Creek, and into the yard of the Tanunda Hotel amidst the cheers of an assembled crowd, who, one gentle man remarked, were just thinking of going to the assistance of the be-fiooded party. Of course, the electors thought none the worse of their candidate, who . braved such danger to appear at the declaration of the poll. Mr. Jacob said that the creek was very little higher some time ago when a wagon and horses were washed over, and the man, although a good swimmer, was drowned. He also stated that the water was on Saturday 2 ft. 9 in. on the post, or nine inches above the safety-mark. The current being 60 strong, he considered that the party had st y&ry; narrow escape from destruction. j REDHILL, BROUGHTOH, June 16. ..The weather has been so remarkably wet that all outdoor work had to be suspended. The river has been impassable for several days in consequence of heavy floods. It has been higher lately than for years before. Several travellers swam their horses across with a rope to pull them over. The new footbridge was of great service. Messrs. Hill & Co.'s coach made its terminus here, leaving the passengers to take refuge with Mr. Reynolds, the publican, the mail being carried on horseback to Port Pirie, but the horse had to be first pulled through the river. The anniversary sermons of the Wesleyap Chapel were held on Sunday in the Primitive Methodist new place of worship, it being larger, j Mr. Watt, of Port Broughton, and the Rev. J. Dingle preached. __ On Monday, after a largely j attended tea meeting, Mr. Treloar presided, and the Bev. H. Holmes, Primitive Methodist, Revs. J, Dingle and SimpsoD, Bible Christians, and Messrs. Watt and Wellington spoke. . Subsequently bachelors provided an excellent 1 supper in the Wesleyan ChapeL The total proceeds were £35 lis. 7d. towards reducing the debt on the building. Several acres of growing wheat were promised for the same object. . Yesterday, as Mr. Botham was crossing the river in a waggon, his two fine horses, as soon as they entered, were washed to the other side and Dearly drowned. The owner released the animals from the vehicle, leaving it nearly sub merged. . STRATHALBYN, June 14.fi We continue getting fine showers, whilst among our miniature Grampians tho rain has fallen in torrents. Yesterday was verv wet, and the river rolled along swifter and fuller khan ifc has done_ before for twelve months. Many logs, posts, rails. &c.;, were borne down the stream, and two cows had a narrow escape from going, but managed, one on one side and the other on the other, to get a footing, and so saved them selves. We now want a tittle warm sunshine, and the crops, checked by the late cold and frosty weather, w21 grow rapidly. The crops, pastures, and flocks look well. BELALIE EAST, June 11. The weather has been extremely wet; indeed for two sights and a day it rained incessantly. Yesterday it also poured nearly all day, and now the weather is boisterous. Those settlers who had not completed their tilling before these showers came will have rather muddy labour some who had only a few hours' work to do completed it between the showers. The_ District Council movement is to be put down if possible by the opposing party. The ground is in fine order at present for post hole sinking—an important part of fencing operations. NaRRACOORTE, June 16. Abundance of rain is still falling here, and in consequence many of the roads are exceedingly boggy. Owing in a great measure to this the Adelaide mail has, notwithstanding the two hours earlier start granted to the contractor, been very irregular in its arrival here. Oa one or two occasions it has been 10 or 11 hours late. This is a state of things which should be at ouce remedied. South Australians are a very long suffering people, and in any other colony such irregular mail communication between au im portant district like the South-East and the metropolis _ would not be tolerated. Great as the inconvenience is to us here, it is much more serious to Mount Gambier, The completion of the N arracoorte and Kingston Railway, which is progressing very quietly, is impatiently looked forward to. One of the many benefits which we hope to derive from this work is the more regular delivery of our northern mails. Whilst referring to the railway I feel in duty bound to remark upon the great folly of the Government in selecting such a site as the one chosen for the terminus. Those familiar with this locality are aware that there are two townships—one a private township, Kincraig, containing the great bulk of the i nhabitants and nearly all the business places; and the other a Government township, Harracoorte, comprising some half dozen houses, and situated nearly a quarter ot a mile from Kincraig. One ' would naturally think that the terminus should in a spirit of fairness be at least midway between these two places, but instead of this the site selected is at the further end of Harracoorte, and altogether away from Kincraig, This is mani festly an unfair attempt to advance the Govern ment township at the expense of the one formed by private enterprise. The plea of expense which it has been said would attend the exten sion of the line to midway between the townships is altogether untenable^ as in the event of the present selected site being used approaches to it will have to be made, the cosr of which would equal, if not exceed, that of extending the line to the desired point. This is a matter which is so patent to all that I think it only requires to have the circumstances represented at the proper quarter to prevent such an injustice as that contemplated from being committed. With regard to the motive power to be employed upon, the line, none who have any knowledge of the railway or the county which it will traverse can question the fact that horses are not to be compared in this instance to loco motives either in point of utility or economy. The rails to be used and the permanent way in courso ef construction are quite suited to locomotive traction, and this being the case it would bo a most foolish idea to go to au enor mous expense in having a line of such extent. The stamp of horses that would be required for this work are at present very scarce, and would have to be purchased at a very high figure, which ■would render the maintenance of such & syEtsm very expensive. The absence of one of our members (Mr. Conner) from his Parliamentary duties is a source of much dissatisfaction hare. At a dinner held here last week the toast of "The Parliament" was made the occasion for some hard things bring said. BROUCHTON EXTENSION, Jaw 18 The luiw has been most favourable for the farmers, and the wheat plant looks promiaiBg. A public meeting was held at Mr. B. Harrifr residence on the loth to consider pubbc eobool affain. There was a Rood attendance, and Mr. F. 8tarr presided. Mr. Harris remarked that the settlers had been waiting for a considerable tame for the Government m aeil the rarrmd township lots and reeerre a piece of ground for school purposes* Ho moved (hat s nmsorfsl bo prepared, miring the Government to grant a i block of land for a school site and rannmmsnd a I suitable allotment. Mr. G, F,owere Trdrd Mr. G. Touohel supported. He considered that the time had come to urge the advisability of erecting a ectaoolhouee as quickly as pcsaibls to make up for lost time. PORT PIRIE, June 2L After a positive assurance from the late Ministry that measures for protecting this place from inundation were many weeks ago actually m hand it seems strange as yet nothing has been done m the matter. Perhaps another and toon calamitous visitation must^ertakeus btforetfae authorities are amused to vigorous action. —J u» the meanwhile it is the reverse of enooaragmg *f **"■ Pearoe'e motion for the appropria tion of the necessary funds has been panned » m hoped that the work wffl not be delayed from tins or any other cause. Surely Mr. Mann, as a member for the district, eould reus his rows in the matter, especially as Sir George Kingston is by his offioe virtually dis qualified from acting for his constituents in questions that are decided by rotes in the House. A lecture on "Courtship and Marriage." in Wednesday evening, and natur&Uy; attracted a numerous audienoe. He, after premising that the marned portipn of his hearers doubtless gMnerea then: fondest memories and pleasanftret associations from the subject of bis address, and that those who were as yet bachelors or spinsters thought of the same tilings oftoner than of any thing else, gave amusing anecdotes of hasty and ill-assorted unions, pointing pungent morels from the unhappy results sure thus to accrue. These humorous reminiscences were a sort of sauce to the more solid portion of the leoture, which con sisted mainly of advice to thnan who wore married as to the best method of establishing and re taining conjugal felicity, and to those of both sexes at present living in hope as to the conside rations and motives which should guide their choice of a helpmate. Ho doubt were good counsel of tins sort always or generally followed asocial millennium would be near, but unfortu nately it is a mere truism that the trouble of giving advice in matters of courtship to young sters who have never learnt worldly prudence, or to older folks who have ignored or forgotten rt, is clearly and hopelessly labour thrown away. However, the audience got plenty of innocent amusement, if not of lasting benefit, and the success of the entertainment was enhanced by , an apt recitation of "Ask Mamma," well I given by Mr. Young, and " Misadventures at Margate,' humorously rendered by Mr. GelL The Postmaster, Mr. Bowley, b«y been com pelled to apply tor leave of absence, owing to continuous ill-health, and, with Mrs. Bewley, left on Friday, in the a.8. Euro. During their stay here their uniform courtesy to the public, Mid the thoroughly efficient manafftment of the Post and Telegraph Offices, have been warmly appreciated. The general feeling of regret at the cause of their removal is tempered by hope that we shall soon welcome them back. I have somewhere read that the degree of culture and refinement reached by a com munity can be accurately gauged by ty» amount of care and reverence shown by them to the restiag places of their deof. Judged by such a rule the civilization of Port Pirie would certainly be set at zero. Away across a wilderness of mud In wet weather and of blinding dust when dry, on a bare sandy ridge, a few uncouth mounds here and there mark the graves of those who have passed from our midst. No fence encloses what should be sacred ground, not a sign of any attempt to soften by the rudest or simplest means neeee sarily sombre associations of a buiying-grouod, more than ever sombre here, where the spot is • unsheltered and to the last degree unlovely, and where the ghastly barrenness of the sofl refuses to supply even a homely softness of the " grass green turf" unaided. Of course the first thing is to enclose the area with a substantial fence, and so much at least should be without delay. . When Port Puieans assemble and discuss or initiate anything for the social advancement or amusement of the place it is safe to predict +*»-* they won't err by proposing to do too little. A movement has been set on foot to provide an amateur literary entertainment for the towns folk, and at a preliminary meeting the other evening a sort of Serio-comical Oramatico-terpsi chorean Association was inaugurated, and a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Seore tary, and Dramatical, Musical, and Literary Committees, were elected. The programme of future proceedings is comprehensive, including dramatic performances, debating meetings, essays and reviews, singing, dancing, vocal and instrumental concerts, and conversaziones. For admission to these festivities new members are to be charged a moderate fee—the thus accumulated to form a fund, out of which it is proposed to provide a piano for the Institute, and to assist in such measures for the social advancement of the town as may seem desirable. In Yankee parlance the above outline of opera tions entirely covers the ground, and there was really no excuse for the impertinent suggestion by a profane outrider—that part at least of the prospective revenue should be set aside for the partial extinction of the British National Debt. GLADSTONE, June 21. The railway works are progressing very slowly, and the road to Port Pirie in consequence of the late heavy rains is almost impassable, and the transmission of goods is delayed thereby. Strenuous efforts are being made at George town to form a District Council, embracing the Hundreds of Bundaleer, Yangya, Narridy, and Koolunga, much to the disgust of many people. Party spirit runs high, and public opinion is divided. If a memorial is presented to the Government asking for a Council with such a large extent of country there is likely to be strong opposition. On Friday evening a successful meeting was held in the Gladstone Hall to form an Elocution, Debating, and Book Club, Mr, A, Catt pre- siding. A number of members were enrolled, and the officers chosen were—Mr. A, Catt, President; Mr. J. A. Leak, Vice-President; and Mr. W. K. Ghrimes, Secretary and Treasurer. Something of the kind was badly wanted. Doubtless the formation of an Institute will eventually arise from this movement. The adjoining township of Booyoolee is making progress, two or three shops and other buildings being in course of erection; but enter prise is to an extent checked in consequence of the delay in the construction of the Gladstone and Port Pirie Railway. The Rev. Hartley Williams, Episcopalian, preached to a large congregation last night. His periodical ministrations are much appre ciated, The spiritual requirements of the residents are well attended to, the Gladstone Hall being open to all denominations. The Wesleyans and Bible Christians manifest some enthusiasm in providing religious services. A union Sabbath-school has just been formed. It is well that there is so much unity among the people, and it is hoped that this good feeling may long continue, for how much better it is to see one church well filled than half a dozen empty. The population is not large, but when it becomes so no doubt several denominations will have representative churches. To-day, although gazetted a public holiday, is not generally observed, the Bank of South Australia being the only business establishment closed. Business is rather dull, and money is some what scarce. The farmers are jubilant in the prospect of a favourable season. MOONTA, June 2?, The talented Japanese Troupe opened their spacious marquee here on Friday, and were favoured with a good company, and on Satur day, after playing to a troupe of juveniles they had^ a crowded house. On Monday there was again a good attendance with a change of pro gramme. On Tuesday, owing to cold threaten ing weather and other adverse causes, the spec tators ^ were fewer. This - afternoon a free invitation to all scholars aceompanied by their parents, teachers, or nurses was numerously responded to, and a host of 600 happy youngsters was the result. The Management are com mended for their act of generosity. _ Hearty laughter and frequent .plaudits testified -the thorough enjoyment. NAIRNE June 23. The almost sudden demise of Mrs. J. W. Parsons has caused a profound sensation in this town and neighbourhood, she having resided here for nearly 20 years and during most of that time, while widely connected in business, by her kindness and sympathetic feeling endeared herself to a large circle of friends. At the funeral there was a good gathering, including many persons from Mount Barker, Woodside, Kanmantoo, and Callington. Around the grave there were noticed the Hon. J. Dunn, M.L.C., Messrs. T. Paltridge and R. Perkins, J.P.'s. The Rev. Mr. Worth referred, to her death at the Wes leyan Chapel on Sunday evening. The building was crowded. He delivered an earnest and eloquent address based on Revelations xiv. 13. BHYNIE, June2l. Rjtin fg almost incessant, consequently sowing Iim been almost stopped. Few farmers have •finished, and many hare got little seed planted, so if the weather does not soon change they mil give up hope for the present season. In nume rous places it is too boggy far man or beast, and 5n others the grain is being washed away by Hoods. A number of changes have taken place within the last few days among leading tradespeople. "Mr, H. Kewson, of the Springs Hotel, disposed of that property to Mr. J. Ellis, of the Emu Flats, formerly a resident of this town; and the mill, the property of Mr. D. Howard, where he ban carried on a successful business for seven or eight years, is to pass into the possession of Mr. T. Fine, an employe, and Mr. J. H, Curnow, a farmer, of Woolshed Flat. Several freehold properties have changed bands, and building improvements will follow. Two cottages and another general store are about being erected, which wiU greatly Improve the appearance of the township. The want of a resident medical man is much felt, as settlers in a large extent of country depend on the services of the professional men in Kiverton and Auburn. It is often a matter of great diffi culty to secure either of those gentlemen, conse quently they are apt to be wrongfully blamed for being neglectful. A day school has been opened after having been closed for about 12 months, and during that time most of the children in the town hare oeen depending on the teaching of the Sisters of St. Joeepb, who deserve credit for the manner in which they have advanced the youngsters; and for this reason, and ou accouut of many changes having previously taken place in the licensed school, many parents are reluctant to again seeding their children until a suitable male teacher is secured, aud a schooluouse and teacher's residence are built to invite him to occupy. Steps have already been taken to get these, and it is hoped that after the seeding season the Committee will endeavour to push the matter ahead, and succeed in their undertaking, as already about £60 is promised towards the cost of the building. ~JAMFSTOWN, June 21. TLcro has been almost incessant rain for nearly a fortnight, consequently the roads are he&v; /, and travellers by the mail convevance are to be pitied. Business is dull, and toe farmers are busy finishing their sowing, but the dull weathor having given place to fine days affairs may become brisk. Masons aud others in the building trade are actively employed. It is stated that a rain-gauge was supplied to some resident by tbe authorities, but the result has not apparently been published. The residents hope that telegraph facilities will ere long be extended to this place, certainly before next harvest as promised. Swindon's coach from Laura to Farrell's Flat, via Jamestown, is being well supported. A brewer's van was seen last Sunday col lecting empty beer barrels at the hotel, but pos sibly that was unavoidable. MORPHETT VALE, June 23. 8eeding has been greatly hindered by the recent incessant rains. Hie weather ha-, how ever, changed ainoe Monday, and every effort is being made to get sown what has been long since prepared. The soaking which many walla of houses have received has resulted in a further destruction and reduction of what was once the glory of the district, and should this continue and tbe persistent exodus of the popu lation little will be left to tell what the place once was. 