THE DESTITUTEl GERYUN IMMIGRANTS. EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES. The following narrative, written by a special reporter, appears in the Melbourne Argus of November 29„ Benalla, Sunday. The "extraordinary story" extracted from the Maryborough Standard relative to a num ber of German families being in a starving condition on the Major Plains caused a con siderable amount of surprise here, as nobody had heard anything of the affair before; but upon makiBg a visit to the spot, it was found that, although the lester of Mr. Grube contained many Incorrect statements, the Tnain facts were true. The German Consul having forwarded Mr. Grube'a letter to tho Chief Commissioner of Police, Captain Standish telegraphed to Inspector Brook Smith, at "Wangaratta, on Friday, to at once proceed to the locality, and, on fcehalf of the Government, render any assistance required. Upon reaching Benalla, Mr. Smith, with the representative of the The Argus, and accom panied by an interpreter, started for the locality referred to. Upon reaohing Dookle or the Major Plains—for the place is know by either name—it was found that the Germans wero not located at that plaoe, but some 20 miles further on, at what is known as the Hill Plains, on tho Yarrawonga Station, belonging to Messrs. Niohol and Telford. Before proceeding to desoriba the camp, may be as wall to explain the reasons that led these poor people to leave their na'ive land. It appears that they all come from some small villages near Hainan, in Silesia. Thoy profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Ma- ia Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration during theso attacks. Tho ignorant villagers began to believe la her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters camo true. At last she prophesied the Franco-Prussian war, and when that took p1ace their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits sho announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She there fore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusa lem, which would be their Becond resting plaoe, after which they would return again to Ger many and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weary journey. All their little savings were put into one common fund, and, oarrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, numbering 64 souls, and made their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a ship to carry them to Australia, their land of promise. Thev took Daseasre in the steamer Somerset. shire, and arrived In Melbourne in April last, Here four of the party seceded, thus reducing the number to 60. Their stook of money at this time amounted to £210. They made enquiries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla distriet who came from their own part of Silesia, they decided to settle near them, and aooordingly made their way to their present camping ground, The settlers referred to are two brothers named Oarl and Wilhelm Berndt, and not Burns, as was s'ate^; From what can be learnt Mr. Oarl Berndt has behaved very k ndly to these poor people, but just now they have disagreed, for when he foUnd that instead of taking the sound advise he gave them, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any lurther business transactions with them. As he is the only one in the vicinity who can converse with them, this is no doubt a great loss to them, and they, therefore, feel all the more wroth. Prior to visiling the Germans' encampment, a halt was made at the hut of Gray, a shepherd at Oocked hat Ore.sk, on Mr. Telford's run, about a mile distant from the Germans. This was done with i a view of ascertaining from some of the neigh bors whether there was any knowledge in the district of the alleged starvii g con dition of the new settlers. In answer to questions put, Mrs. Gray said that there were three or four families lower down the creek. They Bad been in very poor health for some time, owing tQ the want of proper food, but they were getting better. She had given them milk, and eggs, and goat's flesh, for which they had been very thankful. She thought they were kindly disposed people, as, in return for what she had given them, two of them went to her place one day and chopped and stacked a lot of wood for her, but refused to take any payment, although money was offered. ' Proceeding down the creek about a mile the German settlement was reached, and the party were courteously received, and invited to enter. Mr. Miers, the interpreter, at once entered into conversation with them, while the othors made a tour of inspection of the huts. The people appeared to be delighted to meet with a coun tryman, and they were soon engaged in ex plaining their condition. The settlement con sisted of three bark huts, "with two outbuild iugs constructed of the same material. Two of the huts have only one room, but the third was considerably larger, and contained two rooms, one of them being used as a general room for the whole of the settlement. This room mea sured about 30 feet by 25 feet. There are three families located at this place, and originally they consisted of eight adulls and two children. One of the men has since died ; and when the huts were visited on Friday there were only three women, one man, and two children at home. The absence of the others was explained by the statement that they had gone up to the mill to obtain three bags of fl >ur on credit if possible. The man was at work at a carpenter's bench in the general room, while the women were sweeping the earthen floors and perform ing other domestic duties. At one end of the general room was ihe fireplace, and there wag a large tin of ibur mixed in readiness to make damper of. Oao of the women wa3 cutting up some small cabbage and lettuce plants, and this they stated was to form their meal for the day. The only furniture consisted of a rough table and two or three equally rough stools. There was a carpenter's bench in front of the opening that served as a window, and on this were a number of well-worn tools. The sleeping rooms, which measured about 20 feet square, were also very clean, the beds being arranged in a row down the centre. Some of the bed steads were low iron ones, but in one of the huts they were simple stretchers, while the two ohlldren slept in a large bunk in one corner. The furniture, what there was of it, had evidently been brought from Germany, and a great saving of-money might well have been effected if the greater portion of the old rubbish had been left behind. A number Gf solid old oak chests served a3 seats, and in each hut was a great heavy wardreba. At the back of the huts about three quarters of an acre of land had been cleared, and turned into a vegetable garden. It was surrounded by a neat fence, and well la!d out. In one corner a small flower garden had also been prepared, and appeared to be flourishing. The only man here wa3 about 60 years of age, lean and withered in appearance, who said he was a carpenter by trade. His wife, the eountoijpatti of himself, was in good health, while the youDger woman of the three was evidently well able to do a hard day's wojk. She was tall and strongly-built, but had apparently not the best of tempers. The third woman was weakly, and com plained much of severe pains in the head and general weakness—the latter no doubt arising from the want of proper and suffi cient nourishment. The old man, in answer te enquiries, Btated^that although they were some distance away from the main body of the immigrants, they were all working together as one company. They did not all come from the same village in Silesia, but they had all lived within a radius of three miles of Hainan. The reason they had ooma out to Australia was beoause the Almighty commanded them to dp so. This was said with a great deal of' reverence. They had placed all their money |n one common fund, which was used for the benefit of all; "When they first arrived in the district they stopped five weeks with Carl Berndt. and then took up some lani. Tksy had amongst them 893 acre3, of which 700 acres was at Hill Plains, and 190 acres at Cocked-hat Creek. They selected tho land in June last, but had not yet paid any rent for it. What little money they had when they arrived had been spent in purchasing rations, and when that was finished they sold two horses and a dray, which they had purchased in Melbourne. Thi3 money had also been spent in getting food, and now they had no more left. They sold the two horses for £5 each, and the dray for £7. He csuli not say how mnoh ihey paid for them in Melbourne, as they did not understand English. A man named Gmbb had transacted all their business for them. He denied that they had been starving, but at tbe same time they_ had very little meat or vegetables, their principal food being flour made into damper. Out of the 890 acres they had taken up they had cleared and fenced about 60 acres, on which they had wheat and barley growing. They fully expected this crop would carry them through the winter, but at the same time, if thoy could obtain some little assistance in food until the harvest was gathered, they would feel very thankful. He was ssked whether it would not be possible for some of the able-bodied women to go into service, so as to render a little assist ance to the common fund. One of the women, however, strongly protested against such a course. She said that it would be impossib'e, »3 they would all have to work together in getting the rest of the land fenced, doing the work the sick people were unable to do, and also assist shortly in getting in the harvest. As there appeared to be a strong objection to the party separating, thi3 point wa3 not pressed. The old man further s:ated that all that Carl Berndt had to do with them was to pay.the carriage of their luggage from Melbourne to Benalla by the train. The old man also expressed himself rather bitterly respecting 10 of the party who had secsded, although thoir passage to Australia had been paid cut of the common fund. He explained that they were working for Carl Berndt, and thi3 appeared to him to be an aggravation of their conduct, A start was next made for Carl Bernut's place at Hill Plains. Mr. Berndt has a large selection here, and has also a farm near the lime-kilns at Major Plains which i3 at present in charge of his Brother Wilhelm. On the two farms he haB no less than 11 of these poor Ger mans, seven of them being children, who, when visited, were busily engaged in the haySeld, The adults in his employ are Augnst Schmidt, a blacksmith, and his wife. Mr. Berndt' states that as these people came from near his own village he felt an intorest in them, and was desirous of render ing them every assistance in his power, espe cially as there were none amongst them able to speak English. "When they first arrived in Melbourne two of their number camo up to Major Plains to ask him about land. He ex plained to them that there was land open for selection at Hill Plains, near his own farm, and also liuuimtsa oawui oi some rme iaua Being open lor ; selection in another put of the district. They, however, desired to settle near their country men, and sending all their luggage to Bona'l.t, the whole party took the road, camping each night 01 the way. When they arrived at Hill Plains they at once proceeded to BIr. Berndt's place, and as they had very little money, ho paid the sum of £59 10s., the railway freight of their luggage. 1 hey remained with him seven weeks, during which he fed them while they were looking out for land and get ting it surveyed. Some of them certainly did a little work in the way of fencing, but in con sideration of that he fed the whole party. During the time they were with him they con sumed 25 bags of flour, and between 30 and 40 sheep, They had iv woman amongst them who controlledthem, and whatever she told them to do tLey did. She had prophesied to them that when tbey arrived in Australia they would find houses ready built for them, and the land undor cultivation, so that they would be able to live easily. When they reached here they were somewhat surprised at not finding things as she had led them to believe, but still they did not look upon her as a false prophetess, as she explained to them that some of their number were sceptical, and this was a trial of their faith. The first causo of disagreement between Berndt and the immigrants was in consequence of this woman. He enquired what money they had, but while thoy rt fused to tell him the exact amount, they let him know that it was not very much. Consequently he advised them not to taka np too much land- for- their oapital. The prophetess, however,, ordered them each to take up 2C0 acres if possible. Some high words passed batween them, and Berndt expressed his de ermination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in following the advio i of this v> oman on su ch sub ject s. Since then they have only spoken occasionally. He stated that wheD they landed they had plenty of provisions which they had brought with them from home, and also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession of the land they had se lected they commenced to clear the most light'y timbered land, but they used only to work for a few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every "one, did a portion, even down to the little children. When their pro visions were exhausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have thoso articles cheaper than he sold them in the mar ket. He had never reoeived back the money he had expended in paying the railway fre'ght of their luggage, and when he asked them to give him aa acknowledgment that they owed Lim that amount they refused to do so. They _ were all in excellent health when they landed, j but now several of tbem were in very poor ' health, and nine of them had died, owing, he believed, to the want of sufficient nourishing food. They were only two miles distant from him, but as they persistently refused to take the advice which he gave for their good, he now kept clear of them. He had told them, how ever, to send over every morning, when he would givo them some milk for ihe children. They had not even done that lately. ' As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Borndt's farm, a request was made that he might be seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, was found busily engaged at the forge repairing some tools. Tho object of the visit was explained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the information in bis power. He stated that ho was away from his village (juring the Franco Prussian War. He was la tne 42nd Begimeat of the line, and served at' Metz and Amiens. After the evacuitionof France by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in the neigh borhood of Hainan. She was about 30 years 01 age, ana was eaucated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in consequence of her conduot. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a mes age in her sleep that Messingbrod, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequenca of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they had been on the Hill Plains that man bad died, and she had then chosen another man named Schults. He was now living with hor She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told the n. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsense, and with his vife had left the commnnity, and was now working for Mr. Bcrndt. His parents and sisters still lived at the settlement and he had done all in his power to get them away, bnfc without avail, as they fully believed in this w man. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he believed Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. He thought It would be 3 good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to take Maria away, as she was certainly the cauae of starving them all, for she would not allow them to go to work Since they had been there, ehht of their num. bar bad died, Notice of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major Plains 5 bub the others were simply baried at the settle meat without any notice being given, or any doctor attending them, Maria said some prayers at the graves. The party, under the guidance of Mr, Beradt, next proceeded to the settlement, about two milos distant. The huts were seven in number, and constructed of bark, similar to thos9 seen at tbe other settlement, but tbey were much smaller. Most of them only contained one room, about 15 feet by 10 feet. Put in two instauces, where there were grown-up daughters, | the huts were rather larger, and were divided | into two by means of a curtain. Here, as at the other place, they appeared to have plenty of bedding, but in place of blankets they had as covering small feather bads, as is the custom in some portions of Germany. The children, who were running about, at once congregated round the strangers, and a few lollies given them soon won their confidence. There was no appearance of starvation, and the children appeared to b9 in rude health. They were bright, rosy children, who evidently enjoyed life heartily. There were four or five girls from 15 to 18 years of age, who were very cleanly and tidy in their appearance. The elders of the place soon made their ap pearance. Although bearing that worn and aged appearance that so often distinguishes the German peasant, they appeared to be in toler ably good health. They were very courteous, and invited the party to enter their huts. Before doing so, however, an inspection was made of the settlement. It was found that the huts were ranged in a row, and at the rear about an acre and a half of ground had been turned into a vegetable garden, and gave pro. mise of a good crop in a short time. Upon entering tho first hut a woman who said she was 36 but looked 60, was found suffering from the effects of a severe attack of rheumatism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In anothc-r place' there was an old man of 60 confined to his had from scurvy and general debility; and in a third hut was a lad of 13 in a very bad state from scurvy. He waB in a most emaciated condition, with very much swollen feet, which presented that doughy appearance whioh is one of the signs of scurvy. His gums were also very soft, spongy, and bleeding, plainly showing that he was suffering severely from the disease. In fact the mem bers of tho community had so far made up their mind to his early decease tjiat they had pre pared his coffin, and this was shown to the party with some little pride in one of the outhouses. Tne lad was not in a very cleanly condition, and it was suggested that a warm bath would help his recovery. It was, however, alleged by the elderly woman, who was tending him, that ha could not hear the touch of water, and that they had in consequence desls'ed from their attempts. The gift of a few lollies and half a crown to buy more, appeared to brighten the boy up wonderfully, and from the manner in which he looked at the coin it is doubtful whether he ever had so much money before in his life. _ Inspector Smith had, of oouvse, certain official duties to perform-that 11 pn ARPlfcafcftd on inforTrfam Maria Heller, and an enquiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at oeco shown her hut, on reaching which it was fuund that the inmates were about to com, roence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, they were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming abent in a plate of greasy water, dignified by tho name of soup. While the prophetess and her com- i panions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the elder children, who answered all their enquiries readily. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She was sitting at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shaking bo much, ap parently with fear at the sight of the police uniform, that sho could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Schultz, who, according to the man Schmidt's statement, is her chosen companion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little, thin, miserable, prematurely-aged looking young man, with a livid white oomplexioa, and evi dently far gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down, and far a time it was im possible to see her face. The conversation had scarcely commenced—in fact the interpreter had not asked her name—before she pretended to get veiy excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to work herself into an hystoucal fit. The other women—all of whom by the way are older than herself—at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a i spoiled child. As it was so palpable that the woman was shamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut : off the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of water over h6r. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, requested a few minutea3 delay before speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. While this had been going on, the men i who had been away somewhere, returned to j the hut, and they were interrogated as lu I their condition. They admitted that there was no money amosgst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour loft iu tbe camp, but they were in hopes of getting some more from the mill on credit to carry them., on until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, their principal food being damper. They would be very glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest, As to the power exer c'sed ov.r them by the woman Maria Heller, they refused to give any information, until at last one voluble little man stated that he was her stepfather. He was at once pounced upon and led far away from his companions, and submitted to a series of questions. Ho sild —S1 My name is CarlSoholfze. I am 56 years of age. I consider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller. She is 33 years of age. I am her step father, because her parents a>e dead. I have known her about five years. I knew her at Jhor danton, near Hainan, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when sho is in a trance, she has conversa tions with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a God in Heaven. I am con vinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses wi hherinthe same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mou:h when she is in one of these fits. I am aware the law has been broker^ hy burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to tho authorities—bat what were we to do ? Wo cannot speak English, The notices of tbe first three deaths were sent to the policethrough Carl Berndt. We also sent him the other five notices, uuu 110 reiuaea to sena inem 011. Maria does not interfere in oases of sickness. We could not send for a dootor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this .dialance without payment. We have no,t much food. I think if anno of those who r,re dead had had good food thoy woqld no.t have died so soon. I do not knew hpw often Mayia has these tranoes. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to eome hero because wo were com manded to do so by the Almighty." While this conversation was going on Maria had recoveied from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if Bhe was afraid that he might in his loquacity make certain re velations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going od, and then was afforded the first oppor; unity that had been obtained of seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation ind death. She is a woman about o feet in height, and "looks about 40 years of age, although only owning to 33. She is far from prepossessing in appearance. In fact, she is the most ill favored of the whole com munity. She has a low Tetreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of ooarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a. suspicious uneasy appearance. Her nose is bread and 3. i.i, her lips thick and sen'.ua!. She h»B a massive lower jaw. With out waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows : —"I have had these trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to ms when I ana in them. I believe the Lord speaks to me than. I only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men, I don't attempt to guide or inter fere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep, them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, hut I believe that the Almighty often speaks to me." This closed the conversation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beech worth Asylum. Inspeotor Smith having carefully taken the whole of the statements into consideration, came to the conclusion that It was biB duty to order a certain quantity of provisions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, &c.;, to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest, for which they appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the children as they listened to the list," which • was road over by the interpreter; it was evident,. although they did not show it, that a good sub stantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of those who have di6d :—Mrs. iteich, aged 70; Phoebe Phibig, 70; Wilhelm Sohuman, 50; Qott lleb Anders, 50; Herman Anders, 17; Gottlieb Messingbrod, 50; Martha Messingbrod, 25; and a still-born female child. The four now sick aro Martha Vitelhoven, with pains In the chest; Gotfriid Dinnanfc, aged GO, scurvy and.general debiiity; Johanna Dinnant, 36, rheumatism; Julius Anders, scurvy. As it bad been stated that the water which these people drank con tained mineral matters, which had partly caused their illness, a bottle of it was taken away for analysis. The letter which appeared in the Argus was traslated to them, and at several portions of it they expressed great indignation. They emphatically denied that any of their children had ever run to the writer crying with starvation, or that he had given them two pounds when he visited them. Both of these statements they stigmatised as groBS untruthB. All the assistance they had received was £9 from the Adelaide German Association, and not £15 as alleged. 