MOA^. (FROM OUR/OWN ilKR'iSPONDENT.") I perceive that Mr. Barbi*- ha« been before the elcctora at Deniliquin on the smination dar, anil that 4 h* treated them to the usu, amount of cheek," which has been bie ehief »trk-in-tnide for many a long ilny. How a man that hs never done anything for the public can now stand trward, and Bay that he is willing to devote hinnelf tbthe public terviee, free of all charge, gratis, and fornothin*, sensible men cannot understand. The nmber ot your journal, containing an account of tbt nomination, brought also an account of an action ried at Deniliquin on Saturday, the 19th of Dec»mltr, in which Mr. Barbour was sued for £10 la 6d, a tbt incurred in hiB behalf by his superintendent. Mi Pitty, who haa been with Mr. Ba<rbour, on tho Mtray, for many venra. While Mr. Harbour .wes awaylin" India, Mr. Pitty looked after his omployer'a affats, enjoying his confidence, paying and receiving rnpey for Mr. Barbour. Now, let us look carefully intohhia burial butiutaa, he«au»e it clearly illustrates the sbaractar, habits, and dealings of Mr. Barbour, and rteu the cleotois have read what I say (which i» trueuet them ask themselves if Mr. Barbour is a fit an j proper perion to fill thn honourable poattion of a repipentative in Parliament. The poor man named tie] had aleo been many yeari in Mr. Barbour's employ; U was one of those quiet trustworthy men that one lile Mr. Barbour lovea to Ret hold of. Gee waa honc«t ajtbe day. ami plastic as clay its«lf. "When Mr. Barboui ruBhpd B.iiatta run, and seleeted on it as a man bent h trying to .ruin the leatee of the run, he chose Frederlk Gee as one of hii riummiea, Mr. Barbour having tien eeventoen selections up in one day. The uuforthate man Gee went to Deniliquin at the proper time I make the neceiaarv declaration that he had resided a his selection, and then transferred it by deed to If master (Mr, Bar- This was the laet act poor Gee in this the poor fellow, in rivinjr home Mr. dray, waa drowned ear Deniliquin in vaterhole. After his body was found (the horseB were drowned too), an inquest held on the body. Mr. Barbour's superintendent, Mt Josiah Pitty. a'tr, the plaintiff in tended, and ordered Mr. H. Hun the action, to decently bury the ret line, and send the bill to Mr. Barbour, which was do p, and wbich Mr. Barbour forthwith repudiated. ence the notion. Can it be believed that our honvura t candidate denied hin logal liability—that i«. 'yt his super, Mr. Pitty, haa not any authority to gi a the order fot burying poor Gee, though he had pi ished in his (Mr. Barbour's) employ, and bis last act vas to assign the selection to Mr. Barbour, who still etains the allotment. In the face of this iwearing >f 41 r. Harbour's the judge (Francis) eeuld only give Irgul verdict for Mr. Barbour. Now, 1 contend that i Mr. Harbour had not done anythinj wurse than this i tin: electorate, bo It us thoroughly unfitted himself ! .r becoming our representative.- Is it of Bitch itulf i. is Mr. Barhour that our members of Parliament are nade of? Thi« act is worthy of the tfan, nnd the mai is worthy of the <cl. I W'.uid wager that n.> other mi i in the district would hare anted thin. No puor in> i would let hia mate or bis iu»n be tlina buried at tl» oxpenno of the undertaker. But our hon. candidate ill do anvtbinn of thia kind. Where tire the rieiid mai » wiiges ? Mr Harbour always manages to owe his m n money—he is for ever borrnvinic, which, a> Jack jfalntaff said, ia pleasant enough, "lint, p.ayinj bnck.lyou know," as Falelatl said, "i» dnubln trouble." When, then, Mr. lturt.i ur Inlks. of spending all hia time t« our representative at his own expense, lie talks nonsense. He can't afford to pay hia expenses. Duel be think that the Sydney people will take hia poat- datel cheques ? An atmisiug affair lias jnit happened in rl^ard to one of these poat-dateil ehcquea of Mr. BarUnr's. He had Jfiven oDeto an inhabitant of Mathouri. for £50, which was duly sent to tbe Biink on which it wae drawn. The clerk at the Bank took it, and not looking at the date, entered it 118 if it had been properly limed. For this oversight the clerk got discharged or suspended (one or other.) I ask the electors, Is it such a man we should send to Parliament ? ls he likely to do criulit to our choice ? Is the constituency likely to benefit by hit labours there? Will he carry any weight in the Houae? Ought we to prefer hinifo one who haa been a tried man, who is bonourattU in all his dealings, and who would stand up before thp electors oi nomination day and challenge them to point, out onrainglq plrdge that he hail given aud that he had not redeemed ? Some of ths electors say hore that they wan; a change—but is not Mr. Barbour a change for tbB worse ? If we, selectors, want to measure swords with the equuttera, then let us put forward a b»na fide selector, one of our hard-working, hard-headed, but honourable selves, and not a man like Mr. Barbour, who brings us, as & class, into disrepute, by pretending to ftjlit our battles, while lie is only trying to promote his selfish endB iu sei: ing a revocation of the Murriy t.imbnr reserves ; alter securing this, the selectors, :iieir wives, ami children may fallow poor Goe, for ausht that ,\lr. Barbour cares, for he would (politically) sell tham while they are living and refuse to bury th"m when dead. Surely the 1,-hoBt of poor Gee will folluw Bnrbour, and will appear against him at the l)Hr of the Assembly when Barbour get* there. If ghosts- could talk (and Shukespearc mtikes the ghost of Hamlet's father Bpeak), the Bpirit of (jee would appear. When Robert Barbour shoiits for liberty, Humanity will ri6e and thunder GUK. And tlie electors of the Murray should cry " Amen." 