SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. ( From the Examiner. ) The Rev. Dr. Maurice Davies, in the string of, papers on Spiritualism, which lie calls " Mystic London," tells an amusing story about a certain young medium, whom he calls " Miss S,," whose attendant spirits are known in "psycho logical" circles as "Florence Maple" and " Peter," and who has, it appears, been taken in hand by " a serjeant learned in the law." It seems that one evening Miss S. consented to give a seance for the exhibition of spirit faces at the Serjeant's country-house. She was put into a little cabinet with a chair in it, and a hole in the top of the door, and in a few minutes, of course, a spirit face was looking through the hole. A sceptical lady who was present made a rush at the cabinet and opened the door, and, as might have been expected, discovered Miss S. Standing on the chair and making faces through the hole. " The learned Serjeant," says Dr. Davies, "still clings to the belief that Miss S. was in a condition of ' un conscious somnambulism.' " With the example of the learned Serjeant — whose identity Dr. Davies makes no pretence to conceal — before our eyes it becomes possible to understand the astounding depths of human folly that are opened to us by the affaire Buguet . It seems that some few years' ago one Allan Kardec, a sort of grand lama of the Spiritualists, started at Paris the Revue Spirite, described as a " Journal d'btudes psychologiques." Kardec dying, the journal was continued by a certain bankrupt tailor called Leymarie, who claims to be Kardec's successor in the highpriestship of "psychology." Leymarie had a friend called Buguet, an unsuccessful photographer in the Rue Montmartre ; and before long the Revue Spirite began to announce that Buguet was a medium, and could for a fee of twenty francs photograph the " materialised spirit forms " of the dead. The mode of procedure seems to have been very easy. In a room adjoining his studio Buguet kept a big doll with a large stock of pasteboard heads which did duty for the spirit. A few adroit questions soon told him which head to select, and if by any chance he made a mistake, it was only necessary to explain that evil spirits had obtruded themselves, and to suggest that a second sitting might perhaps be more successful. The game nad been carried on for some time when the Parisian police suddenly appeared on the scene armed with a warrant for the arrest of himself and Leymarie, together with a confederate called Firman, as common rogues and swindlers. Leymarie and Firman protested their innocence. Buguet with a frankness which does him infinite credit, at once confessed the whole fraud, showed the police the doll with its pasteboard heads, and after explaining the entire process owned with the greatest candour that his claims to medium- ship were an imposture, and that he had never taken a genuine spirit photograph in his life. The Correctional Tribunal, in spite of Buguet's laudable anxiety to make a clean breast of the matter, has sentenced him to a year's imprison ment and a fine of 500 francs. Leymarie shares his fate, and Firman gets off with six months and a fine of 300 francs. The most extraordinary feature, however, in the trial is the pertinacity with which Buguet's dupes, in spite of his cynical avowal in open court of his own fraud, persist in declaring their belief in the genuineness of the spirit photographs with which he fur nished them. One of them, a certain Comte de Bullet, who paid Buguet no less than 2500 francs for the photograph of his deceased sister, after being shown in Court the very head which had done duty on the occasion, answered gravely, " J'ai bien vu une tfite, mais qu'est-ce que cela pronve ? Cela ne fait rien ? il est medium." Other people, the Count thinks, may have been taken in once or twice ; he admits, indeed, that the doll and the cardboard heads were probably not there for nothing." But in his own case he is certain that the photograph was genuine. "Moi, j'ai dvoque resprit de ma sceur ; ilm'aapparu. Quant i moi, je suis convaincu." Another gentleman, M. de Vehe, was even more emphatic, and ex pressed himself shocked at the frivolous manner in which the Court treated such serious ques tions. M. le president," said he, in a tone of grave rebuke, " vous ne croyez pas aux esprits ; moi, j'y crois parce que j'en ai vu ; si je n'eu avais pas vu, je me serais moqud. Mais avant de juger on devrait essayer de voir." We have given the answers of these two gentlemen toticlem verbis, because they are the stock replies which Spiritualists always make when taxed with any gross and undeniable case of imposture. This particular medium, you are gravely told, may no doubt on a particular occasion have made faces through a hole and have said it was a materialized spirit form, but that is no. proof that spirit faces do not sometimes show them selves. Or else you are assured that it is pre sumptuous on your part to pass judgment on a thing into which you have not looked, and that if you were to inquire into Spiritualism patiently and without prejudice for, let us say, a year or so, you would end by confessing that there is more in it than you suppose : " Avant de juger on devrait essayer de voir." With people of this kind it is really as impossible to deal seriously as with Mr. Whalley. Mr. Whalley has, we believe, publicly declared that if the Tichborne Claimant were to state on his oath that he is Arthur Orton, he would not believe him. Whether he would put it down to " un conscious cerebration " on the fat convict's part we cannot pretend to say; but if he did he would hardly be more ridiculous than Dr. Davies' learned Serjeant, with his hypothesis of "unconscious somnambulism" to account for Miss S.'a palpable fraud. It is idle of course to reason with such people as this, or to expect them to grasp so elementary a canon of evidence as that which tells us that when we find a good deal which is false mixed up with a good deal which may he true, but which is probably false and certainly unsupported, our only course is to reject the whole. Indeed, when a man tells you that M. Buguet used his doll on Monday it does not follow that his Tuesday's photographs were not those of genuine spirits lie can only be considered as past argument altogether. There are certain delusions, such as the belief in the possibility of the squaring of the circle, or of discovering the secret of perpetual motion, or of demonstrating that the surface of the earth is a plane, which it is possible to re- gara wibii toleration, ivxr. JtLampden is, no doubt, sane enough ou all ordinary matters, and is probably, in his own way, and apart from his conviction that those who hold in the sphericity of the earth must be either fools or knaves, a very estimable and even amiable person. Spiri tualism, however, like most forms of thau- maturgy and miraele-mongering, has a great deal about it that is, to say the least very questionable. Apart altogether from the ugly stories which occasionally float about of credu lous old women who have been swindled out of large sums of money, it is quite certain that professional mediums, whether male or female, are, as a rule, a more or less disreputable kind of people. In the present case we find that Buguet is a broken down photographer, who, being unable to make an honest living by his art, took to spirit photographs at Leymarie's suggestion. Leymarie himself, the editor of the Revue Spirite, president of the Parisian "Psycho logical Institute," is a bankrupt tailor. It was claimed for him by Maitre Lachaud, his advo cate, that he had acted in good faith through the whole affair, and that he had no interest in Buguet's frauds. Buguet, however, declares that Leymarie was "never such a fool "as to believe in "the photograph dodge," and the Court, if we may judge by its sentence, appears, in spite of Maitre Lacbaud's eloquence, to have inclined to the same opinion. Firman, the third in the trio, seems to have been a very second-rate kind of knave indeed, whose task it was to sweep out the studio and occasionally, upon emergency, to personate a spirit. He, too, was a medium as a matter of course, and had the gift of " bicorporeity " — a something the exact explanation of which we are quite content to leave to Mr. Serjeant Cox. Asso ciated with these three rascals is a certain Madame Stourbe, "medium gudrisseur dans l'immatdrial et marchande de tabac au naturel." Such is the little ring which the Parisian police has scattered, and the description given of its members is, to say the least, suggestive of the kind of company with which an amateur of Spiritualism is likely to find himself brought into contact. The case would hardly be worthy of notice were it not that Loudon has its Buguets and Leymaries as well as Paris, and that spirit photography has become amongst us as recog nised a form of mediumship as any other. It is consequently worth while to point out with regard to it that the position of the medium caunot be explained away by " psychic force " or " unconscious cerebration, " or. any other such entities. Somehow or other, the figure of an apparent ghost finds its way on to the plate. Either the ghost is a veritable ghost, or the photographer is a rogue. The facts are capable of no other possible explanation, and it must not be forgotten that those who accept the ghostly hypothesis require us also to believe that the spirits of the dead retain their earthly appearance, that they wear clothes, and that both they and their clothes are sufficiently material to reflect the rays of ordinary light. When _we think of the folly which these asump- tions involve, and the land of roguery it is which trades upon it, we cannot but ask our selves whether the law which locks up old women for telling their fortunes to servant girls and leaves their mistresses to be preyed upon with impunity by professional mediums, is -not somewhat unequal in its operation. The indict ment accused Buguet of "exploitation .de .la criSdulitd publique," and that such a charge should be maintainable shows how much better they manage these things in France. A man who makes a living by pretending to miraculous powers which he does not possess ought to be in all cases punishable as a common rogue and vagabond. 