A DAY'S SHOPPING IN THE BAZAARS OF I DAMASCUS. s FROM "THE INNER LIES OF SYRIA, PALESTINE, AND TU ii HOLY LAND." By ISABEL. BURTON. AFTER a long residence in Damascus, [ always say to my friends, " If you have two or three days to spare, follow the guide books; but if you are pressed for time come with me, and you shall see what you will best nice to remember, and you shall buy the things that are the most curious. We will make our purchases first, visiting on the way everything of interest. We will ride our white donkeys with their gaudy trappings, firstly, because the horses slip over thestouesfand secondly, because, just as you are examining an able or an izar, my horses will probably last their heels into the minds of the stall, and playfully send everything flying; perhaps they may pick up a child in their mouths, and give it a shake for pure fun, or, as we move along in the crowd, devour an old man's tray of cabbages from the top of his head. It is a state of funny familiarity into which all my animals grow in a very short time amusing, but sometimes tiresome. Whilst our donkeys are preparing, let us go and sit for a little while in a myrtle wood in Abu Db's garden, next to my house, and which is just as open to me as if it were my own. It gives a delightful shade, and will be a refuge from the heat and sun until we are obliged to face them. The cool stream is very pleasant as it gurgles by. Do you hear that strange noise like a rustling in the air, and the shouts of the people 1 and do you see how darkness comes on ! Do not be 1'rigb.Uucd, it is a flight of locusts coming. In ten minutes they will be here. Down they fail like a hail-storm. It is very unpleasant to be covered with them ; they will not have us, but they will strip every garden in an hour. If you do not fear a few nestling in your hair and hut, and running about your throat, you may watch that tree covered with blossom ; it is already alive with locusts, and you will see them strip branch after branch, as it somebody were using a knife. Poor people ! no wonder they shout. These dreadful insects will destroy all their crops, produce a kind of famine by raising the price of provisions, and often in the hot season announce cholera. Before we enter the bazars, look at the Afghan sitting under yonder tree. If you like to invest in a little brass or silver seal, he will, for a few piastres, engrave your name upon it in Arabic. We will then enter the sadlery bazaar, where you can buy magnificent trappings for a pony or donkey for the children at home. This is a pretty Silk. There are saddle-cloths of every colour in. cloth, embossed with gold, bolsters, bridles of scarlet silk, with a silken cords single rein, which makes you look as if you were manag- ing a fiery horse by a thread, and the bridle is effectively covered with dangling silver and ivory ornaments. There are mule and donkey trappings of every colour in the rainbow, mounted with little shells. As we leave this bazar I must call your attention to a venerable plane tree ; its girth is forty feet. We should do wisely to go into the shoemakers' . bazar. You see how gaudy the stalls look. I want you to buy a pair of lemon-coloured slippers, pointed at the toe, and as soft as a kid glove. The stiff red slippers and shoes are not so nice, and the red boots with tops and tassels and hangings, are part of the dawn dress, and that of the Ashantis generally. Why mii3tyoubuya pair of slippers ! Because you must never forget at Damascus that you are only a " dog of a Christian," that your unclean boots must not tread upon sacred ground, and that if you wish to see anything you must be prepared at any moment to take off the impure Giaonr things, put on these slippers, and enter reverently; all around you will do the same for that matter. Here we cover our heads and bare our feet to show re- spect ; you Franks cover your feet and uncover your heads. Do not forget always to have your slippers in your pocket, as naturally as your handkerchief and your purse, until your return to the other side of Lebanon, or you will often be hindered by the want of them. We will now inspect the marqueterie bazar, where we shall find several pretty things inlaid with choice woods, mother-of-pearl, or steel ; the former are the best, if finely worked. These are the large chests which form part of a bride's trousseau. Those ready made are generally coarse, but you can order a beautifully line and very large one for about five napoleons. There are tables, and. the dogs used by the hair. in marble courts. You will likewise find toilette hand- glasses, but they are far better at Jerusalem or Bethlehem. Now we will go to the smithy-like gold and silver bazar, where they sit round in little Eena, hammering at their anvils. Each seems to have a strong-box for his treasures. All this is the greatest possible rubbish for a European to wear, but you will pick up many barbarous and antique ornaments, real gold and real "tones, though unattractive. You may buy all sorts of spangling things as ornaments for your horse ? ; you will find very beautiful Zarfs, or filigree coffee-cup-holders ; you may order, on seeing the latter, some very pretty rich cups of silver, in aid with gold, very minute, with a gold or silver fish trembling on a spring, as if swimming in the liqueur. Whilst we are here, I will take you up a ladder on to the roof, not to lose time. The men will give me the key of the door for a little hashish, by this way we shall reach the southern side of the great mosque, and after scrambling over several roofs, and venturing a few awkward jumps, we shall arrive at the top of a richly orn i mented triple gateway ; it is outside the mosque. and hardly peers above the mud and debris and bazar roofs, which cover up what is not already buried. Over the central arch is a cross, and Greek inscription : " Thy kingdom, O Christ ! is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion on dureth throughout all generations." It is a serious reflection that this bit of truth should have remained upon a mosque, perhaps for 1732 years. It doubtless belonged to the stupendous Temple of the Sun, befitting the capital. After the birth, of our Saviour it became a Christian Cathedral, dedicated to St. John the Baptist, whose head is said to lie under a little railed off cupolas tomb, and is still venerated by the Moslems. The Christian Cathedral was divided at the conquest between Christians and Moslems, but it has long since become wholly and exclusively Moslem. Yet this inscription testifying to the truth has lived down every change of masters. We will now pass down a narrow lane joining two bazars. A wretched wooden stall with shelves, filled with dirty bottles, and odds and ends of old china, here attracts your eye, and squatting on the counter a shrivelled little old man sits under his turban, with his palsied chin shaking like the aspen leaves. You see how smilingly he salutes me : out of those unwashed bottles he is looking for his finest atr (Cottar) and his best sandalwood oil. Being fond of ladies' society, he will saturate our handkerchiefs and clothes with his perfumes, and we shall be trace- able for a week to come it is not easy to divest yourself of other when it has once touched clothes. He has long ago given me all his confidence. He is not so poor as he looks. He has sold offer and sandalwood-oil all his life, some 35 years ; he his 15 wives and 102 children, and he would still like, he says, to marry again. I reprove him for having married eleven more than allowed by the Koran. Now we will repair to another bazaar, and likewise to a khan. You must see both before choosing an cabbage large, loose, square robe worn by Shaykhs, of the richest silk, powdered with gold. The ground maybe black, scarlet, sky- blue, rose-coloured, or what you please. It will make a fine smoking dress for your husband, or a sortie de bat for yourself. The other articles are Damascus silks, and carpets knives, which is a large coloured and tasselled handkerchief of pure silk, or more generally of mixed silk and cotton, also gold-powdered. The Bedawm wears it on his head, falling about the shoulders, and fastened by a fillet (aghal) of camel's hair. How anybody can travel in any other head-dress Idon-ttaMW, ItkeepotíWfauaofftiwhaad and the leaves of the neck, which are the 'dangerous places-it t takes the place of umbrella", hat, wired,: veil, and spectacles ; in one word, you have not to make a" guy " of yourself, or cucumber your self with what you would like to throw away on a restive horse. It keeps out wind, cold, and rain. I used to wonder how I should be able to beat Europe without one, The best are those from Mecca or Baghdad, sold Pvt Damascus, and the usual agha in chocolate dyed, with gold knobs and tassels. You can also buy an izar, to walk about the bazars incognita, like a native. I. covers all, except your face, from head to foot, like a shroud. It is pure silk, and you can choose your own colours ; they are mostly brilliant, but I care only for black. Some are worked beautifully in gold. If you wish to pass for a. Christian, you may cx pofeG your face, or wear an apology for a covering ; but as Moslemahs we must, buy councils, white handkerchiefs, or coloured, with flowers and figures So thickly laid on that no one can recog rose our features. If you have one of the black and gold or coloured stars, you will be a grant personage. If you want to pass unobtrusively, you must wear a plain white linen sheet, wittTa thick march, and in that costume you might walk all day with your own father and not be known except by the voice. we will now have our donkeys saddled with ordinary native saddles and trappings, and ride You need not be ashamed of appearing as cashier, for the Syrian women know no other way of riding. There are only three of us here who really do ride, and we attract immense attention by our funny seats. The people gape, and wonder how we manage " to hang on by that peg," and they are satisfied, until our horses have done something demand, that we shall fall off". Think that nobody knows you are a European in this dress. I remind you of this, because I remember how ashamed and miserable I felt the first time [ dressed and rode like a native, forgetting that I looked like the myriads of white, ghost-like looking women who passed us. I will also recommend you to invest in an embroidered jacket (pair), of gold- embroidered cloth, with long flying open sleeves, to be worn over a white muslin bodice ; it will be very effective in red, blue, or black. You must not forget to buy a few pure silk towels ; they are very pleasant likewise an embroidered towel or two, worked with gold. The latter is slung over the shoulder of the servant who hands you the sherbet, and you wipe your mouth with it. In a broad street outside the saddlers' bazar are all the brass carvers. You will see in most shops, plates, pans, chargers, and basins covered with Arabesque ornaments, and carved with ancient in- scriptions. Some are 700 or 800 years old, and bear the names of kings or famous personages. Figures, such as the lion and the sun, or the spies of the Promised Land bearing on a polo bunches of" grapes the grapes of Eshcol bigger than themselves, are the commonest kind. We will try to pick up a handsomely carved brass basin and ewer of antique shape, which are here used for washing the fingers before and after meals. incense burners, carved trays for cigarette ashes, large carved coffee trays, both of Arab and Persian work, the former with far broader and grander lines, the latter incomparably more delicate, seduce almost every traveller. I never see them out of Damascus, and some are real antiques Is it not strange that we English are the only people who have no original idea of form. li 1 were to visit the commonest potteries above our house mere holes in the mountain side every Jail would say, " May I make you a vase, lady ':" He will then twirl a bit of soft muddy clay upon a common wheel with his finger and thumb, and from his own device in five minutes he turns me out something exquisitely graceful. You want a divan. Now, as I know that the European houses will not admit of seats all round the room, I will recommend you to have two in each chamber. Order your carpenter to make two common deal settles, ten feet long, four broad, and one high. On them put comfortable mattresses, and nix long narrow cushions or pillows upon each. At the Greek bazar (Suit el ArwAru) we can buy divan covers, which you will take to England. The Damascenes of the higher classes use gay silks, stiff with cotton backs, for this purpose. I greatly prefer the peasants' woollen stuff with a black or dark-blue ground, and a thunder-and-lightuing pattern, or the ordinary blue and white prayer carpet. Here you can also purchase gaudy Persian rugs. No traveller should miss the Silk 1 Arwin : it is full of curiosities. You ask what is that Moslem eating for supper 'I That is Leben, and the other dish is a peculiar salad-two of the most delicious things that he knows. Leben is soured goats' milk, an admir- able drink when you halt after a long, scorching ride, dying of thirst, and almost afraid of water. You will call to the first goal. herd, Slave you Leben?" and he will hand you an earthenware basin, something like the saucer of a large flower- pot. I have drunk three bowls, almost without drawing breath, when entering the tent. This is how it is made : take the milk and boil it let it become lukewarm, and then add a handful of sour yeast, or leave. A little of the boiling milk must be mixed till it becomes a thin gruel, then strain it into the rest, and throw away the dregs. Cover up your bowl with flannel or blanket, is a warm place, and leave it to stand all night ; next morning it will be cold, thick, and sour. To continue it. you must take a cup full of it, boil some milk, and when lukewarm mix the old Leben with a little milk, pour it in and stir it, and leave it to stand as usual ] do this every day. In England I should use cruet instead of heaven. You may not succeed '"in spotting Leben the first four or five times, but when you do you can always make the new with a cupful of the sour. The other dish, the salad, is made by chopping garlic, thyme, mint, water-crass, sage, or any other sweet herbs, putting in a piece of silk about the size of a nut, mixing it all, and then burying it all in Leben, Sprinkling the top with chopped herbs ; than dip your bread in it, and eat. What is that brown powder 1 No ; it is not snuff. That is henna ; it is mixed with lime-juice, spices, burnt nuts, and other things, and it stains the hands, feet, and finger- nails. Brides, and especially Moslem Brides, are ornamented with moons, and all sorts of devices in henna. They will dye a pet lamb. My servants stain, for ornament, my white donkey and my white Persian cat, but it is mostly used for the human hair. Mix about two teaspoonfuls with half a small teacupful of water, boil it till it bubbles, and take it off once or twice as soon as ebullition begins ; strain it through a coarse muslin, and drop it into the water in which you wash your hair, or you may comb it through your hair ; it cleans and strengthens it, and makes it glossy and bright. There is black henna from Baghdad, and red from Mecca. The former is the powdered leaf of indigo. That dish of what you think are lumps of mud or clay is intense. You see it is arranged in heaps and in various sections. There are many different qualities. That black-looking stuff is very dear-a sovereign would not buy you much. It has a delicious aroma, and realizes the idea of all the perfumes of Araby the blest." That small, gummy looking quality is cheap enough you can buy a great deal for a few masters. The best comes from Somaliland, and all the country round about Guardafui. it is imported by the Arabs to Jeddah, thence to Mecca, and the flag, or Mecca pilgrimage caravan, brings it here. This reminds me that I have not yet take you to the pipe and Margules bazar. The incense is somewhat connected with them. They usual use, however, is to take your brass inconse-bumer, put into it a little live bruise, and drop a lump or two of this incense upon it. When you receive a visitor in Oriental fashion, a servant precedes her into the house, so that coming out of the fresh air she may find nothing but what is agreeable. But v by no means the worst use is to take a small speck of the very best incense, and place it on your car- hitch, or chibouque ; it would not answer with a cigar, this sprinkling meat with sugar or eau de cologne. All my European visitors wonder why my merciful are so much better than another. it's X?c-,cl -m s ?hl>1* in- M'GOWN 'is always' stresses this kind. I can very fond of Oiieuî.,1.' may see fit people leave it'bthiiïd, that as far as music Ices, collar, nicely-, and divan goes, I shall al was take mine with me. Now we come to the piano and eighties? but up Firstly, we will Look for some amber m.f*uth.uiee<¡s. We shall see thousands of "fantastic shapes and diilerentFoiH'.andif we do not, smic ours lost in the bazaar, we shall at believes CLEWES. This worthy will try to sell his waist at his best one--, but let me choose for you. We will make on up. Firstly, I will take the stick of the mouth- piece, and will choose three or four Lint were shaped lumps and knobs of the poorest lemon i coloured gum, without stock or flaw?. L will then separate the first and second piece by's gaudily enamelled Persian ring-if you wore. a Roth child should prefer a hoop of diamonds. The third and fourth pieces we will divide by a cylinder of black amber, two inches long:?, with inlaid gold fights. When we have fastened these nil upon this little stick, you will have a mouthpiece twelve inches long, and fit for their 1 Rushid, had he smoked. The next thing is to look for a good straight pipe stick, about two yards long. Jessamine and myrtle are the best, cherry is the common use, and the green stick of the rose is not in the market. A good Moslem will not smoke the latter, because it is one of the trees of Paradise. Moreover, it is troublesome, and you must have fresh ones the old are fit only for burning. You can have an assortment of earthenware bowls, adorned with gilt figures. 1 will also have some fancy things made for you in the potteries above- our house. My husband's held nearly an ounce of tobacco, to the wonder and astonishment of the natives, who suggested small flower-pots. Now we reach the Margules stalls. Firstly we choose a sheehan, a prettily carved and fanciful looking water-bottle, of graceful shape, and a saucer or tray of the same material for it to stand on. In another stall we find the the lips, or head ; you may be as fanciful or as simple as you please in your narghileh*-. You may have one for fifteen francs, or one for £50 sterling. The Ras- supposing it to be of brass and pink china looks almost like a little Chinese pagoda, or a series of cups and balls, terminating in a metal cup, to hold the tombak ; it is hung also with bells and dangling things, in fact, with any fantasia you may choose. In another part of the bazar you choose the varnish, or tube, made of kid skin, and a twined around with gilt wire. One end of this i snake fastens into the side of the Bay, and the other is a wooden mouthpiece, through which you draw as if you were discussing a sherry ' cobbler. I always use wooden mouthpieces, as they retain a single drop of other, or any other perfume, and they are always clean ; many, however, prefer metal. If you are going to travel, I recommend to you the short, common, strong, plain red varnish. For the house and for guests, you must have the gaudiest, several yards in length : the longer the varnish the higher your rank, and the greatest compliment you pay your guest. I always order mine to be of dark choco- late colour and gold, and measuring from four to six yards. It is not safe to have less than twelve naiglu'lchs in your house. Preserve one for your own smoking, and a silver mouthpiece in your pocket for visiting. Keep a dozen for guests, and a servant on purpose to look after them, and to clean them every day. Constantly change your varnishes, and also have two or three in the kitchen for your servants, and your servants' frier di, to save your own. I must explain to you how to use these things, or you will buy them to no purpose. Firstly, you wash out your glass with a brush like that used to clean lamp chimneys, and fill your bottle three quarters full of either plain water, or you may drop some perfume (rose-water, for instance) into the water. For fantasia a red berry or two, or a flower, may be placed to dance and bubble on the surface, when you take a handful of tombak (not tobacco), break it into small pieces, and wash it, squeezing it in a bag to lessen its strength. Some requires to be wetted seven times ; if this be not properly done, the nicotine will affect the strongest head. Then ball it in the hand and put it in the Bas ; inhale for a moment through the hole into which you are going to put the varnish ; if the water rise up too high pour a little out, if it only bubbles all is right, and you may put on the Ras. Then take a K'ras, or lump of prepared charcoal, with a hole in the middle; it is shaped like a little pincushion almost the size of a halfpenny, and sold in strings about the market. Make it red hot, and with the pincers set it on the top of the to make screw on your ambush, and draw. You may also put flowers in the saucer, or stick them in the little dangling chains. It is very amusing to see people smoking a Margules for the first time. Firstly, they blow down instead of up, and puff the Kurds and the combats over the carpet, and there is a scrambling of servants to pick it up. They are afraid to inhale too hard, for fear tobacco water should rise to their mouths, and they look very red and foolish because they can't make the water bubble. Then they use so much exertion that the smoke goes the "wrong way," they swell their cheeks, and they got purple and exhausted, till you are obliged to stop them, for fear of apoplexy. All the early struggles would cease if young smokers would only remember the sherry cobbler and the straw, and work away calmly without fear. Some gain a violent headache or dizziness by their exertions, and never touch a Margules again. There is also a Margules pipe much used among the peasants-a cocoa-nut, which is often encasuU or ornamented with brass or silver, for a bowl, and two tubes protruding from it, forming a tie angular suspect pipe. It is picturesque and pleasant to smoke, but you must be sitting low and balance it on your knee. The best of these pipes I are the kalyan sold in the Persian bazar. Tom- back is a peculiar growth of tobacco that comes in large dried leaves, and is bought by the bag, as big as a coal sack. It reaches us with Hay, and we can get excellent qualities at Damascus at 225 piastres (50 pence) the yoke (2 lbs. ). To make your chibouque pleasant, invest in soiueJebayl tobacco. It is Syrian, and the best and most delicate. Always blow through your pipe stick, in case anything might have got into it the servant fills your bowl and puts, with the pincers, a bit of praise in the middle. A little carved Persian brass tray on the ground holds the bowl, and catches the fire if it fails. I must tell you and try not to conceive an insular prejudice against me for saying so that you had better learn to smoke if you can. You will find yourself rather an alien in the harlow without it, and be a wet blanket to other women. They will be always flattered at your visit, and like to receive you as a visitor, but en entime never. They will respect your prejudice if you tell them that it is not the custom of your country, but they cannot feel that you wish to be as one of them, unless you adopt theirs. They would suffer greatly if they had to pass a whole day without tombak or tobacco. Besides, to confess the truth, do you not think there is something vulgar in attaching any idea of respectability to not smoking 1 Of course, if the fumes really hurt you it is quite another thing, but as to holding smoking " fast," when it depends solely on country and climate, it is no more so than siesta or snowshoes. I am glad to see that some of the hands voice of England are throwing off that in- sugar prejudice, and I hope soon that it need not be done on Hachette. I cannot conceive why this idea should exist only in England, where I am told that the middle classes believe that if a woman smokes she must have all the other vices. This is certainly not so. In Russia, Spain, South America, Austria, nay, in almost every country, the best of society smoke. In many lands where I have lived and travelled, all our festivities have ended in a supper and cigarettes. In Brazil we used to have them handed round between the courses. I confess I do not think that a big cigar looks pretty in a woman's mouth, nor would a short meerschaum, but what can be more graceful than a cigarette. Still more so the Margules, or even the chibouque, which is, however, quite a man's pipe. relish " x. At the same time I sympathise with those who have small r<iom«^5tttflV with on Hains'and' car p* 11, where the smell of stale smoke would be intolerable. I speak to those who can have a ..(?.luí* parking divan in the house. YY men who dislike, or effort to dislike, smoke, breast' I they think it is the comet thing, can J have an. idea how they drive their husband-) away . torn house. If a man may not awake in his own home he will smoke in some other cause, is prn Hiciice to a lonely puff in the street and that is worth a thought. Allow me to end this long tirade about smoker" with the charming old French sonnet *. " Doux ellarine du ma solitude, '"Kiimiintc pine, in dents fourneau, _ Qui purge iVhuinotir mon serves," lit mon esprit d'inqujétuilc. Tabac done more came es have, LorKjuo jo to vote- under a fair, Aussi promptness quite eclair, Jo vois 1 image de ma vie. " Jo remets dann mons Botivonir, Ce quite jour he does devenir, distant quarries centre armies. "Et tout d'un coup jo dispersals, Quo courant apres la fume, Jo mo perds Aussie beer quo for." I think you would regret missing the roof of the book bazar, which leads to the west gate of the Mosque. On its left is a curious flight of steps through private houses. Arriving at the head of these stairs you can see four massive columns in a line, and at each end a square pier of masonry with a semi-column on the inner side. The shafts alone are visible from the bazar, as the capitals rise over the domed roof. The people will not mind our scrambling over their roofs, as we are " history," and then we can examine both capitals and superstructure. These pillars formerly formed part of the magnificent pagan temple, which must have extended some GOO yards square, for there are columns here and there in situ, all in four straight lines. They are unnoticed, because the bazars, houses, and mud walls cling to them like wasps' nests. They support a rich and beautiful arch, of which only a fragment remains above the roofs ; but if you examine this remnant you will say that it is one of the finest of ancient art in Syria. This noble gateway must have been at least 80 feet long and 70 feet high. Now we will come down, and in the first friend's house I pass we will borrow hats and veils, so as not to be known, and get a Moslem woman to accompany us, and to speak for us. I want to show you something to amuse you, and if they know what we are we shall see nothing. We will go to an old Shaykh who sells charms, spells, and potions. You see his reception place is full of women with their faces well veiled. I will not speak to any one but our Moslem friend, and that in a whisper. Not long ago a native said to me, " Would you like A to hate B ?" speaking of a bad man who had a very evil influence over a good, honest man. Without thinking, I replied, " Yes ; it would be the best thing that ever happened. He only answered me by a gesture of the hand, which literally means, " leave it to me." The next day he secured a bit of the bad man's hair, and sewed it into the cost of the good man. Strange enough, as chance fell out, that day an event happened which opened the eyes of the latter to his friend's character, and they parted company ; of course nothing would persuade the native that it was not the effect of his charm. The ingredients they use are wonderful. The hair of a pig, the tooth of a monkey, the person of a snake, and goodness only knows what else. That young-looking woman, and I know her by her voice, is asking for a drug to make her husband love her. That other, with the dark mandil, wants something to make her spouse hate all his other wives. That client, who is aged enough to be our grandmother, pays the Shaykh to write her a paper that she may become the happy mother of a son. You cannot imagine the in- trigues which are hatched here, and the extraordinary charms and spells that are manufactured and given, the honest faith which the people have in them, and how readily they pay. I must pretend to wants charm, or else we have no business here, and maybe suspected of being spies. I will therefore ask for a paper, through the interpreter, to make my husband put away his fourth wife, of whom I will feign to be jealous. My case is to be dealt with by an old crone who is partially mad. She makes me put money in a basin of water, and predicts. She can only hear when spoken to in a whisper. This corresponds with fortune telling at home. Let us retire now-a little of this goes a very long way, and I never come except to amuse English friends-to the sweetmeat bazar. Some of the "goodies " are not bad, and here we can hand over the Czars and veils to our Moslem friend. We will finish our afternoon at Shaykh Bandar's, the venerable, white-bearded Abu Antikil (father of the antiquities), as he is nick- named. We must ride, for it is far away from the bazaars. The hole in the wall is his door, opening upon a poor court-yard. He is a venerable, white bearded, turbaned Turk, with an eye full of cunning, the manners of a gentleman at least so you think. Wait a little, until I excite him by bargaining over his prices; you shall see him tear off his turban, and his beard, and fling a few solid brass and head-breaking pots across the room. The blood will rush to his face, as if he We re going to have a fit ; he will disappear, and after a short absence he will come back and beg pardon most humbly. He is the only Oriental ever say so moved about money. It lakeside suspect Jewish blood somewhere, or else it is a splendid piece of acting to frighten women-he never does it when the Kawwasses are there. J always tell him he will play this trick once too often, and some day he will end in an apoplectic accident-an unpleasant bourne to all his pecuniary prospects. He smiles grimly when told where his faith consigns the usurer and the easier; it is a long way off; but when I add that another will have all his goods and money, the smile vanishes with an expression of ghastly dismay. One day, the first time, I was frightened and sorry, and followed him to see if anything did happen to him, and found behind all this apparent poverty that the old Harpagon had a magnificent court-yard, marble fountains and gold fish, orange and lemon trees, a very fair harem, and a house full of riches ; splendid old china, too, of which I bought a quantity for my friends. We will go in there as soon as we have finished our greetings. . " Good evening, O Shaykh ! Peace be with thee." " Good evening, O lady ! and blessed with good luck. May Allah be praised for the sunshine of thy honourable visit !' He unlocks a mysterious door, and introduces into a small temple of treasures. Yes! you may well ask where you are to sit down. There are specimens of every curiosity and antiquity on the face of the Syrian earth, in incongruous, piles and heaps on the floor, the divan, and the tables, hung to the ceiling and to the walls, and crowding all the shelves. The next difficulty after sitting is to find anything you want, or to distinguish one article from another. He will clear a space on the divan where we may sit and rest. We shall have a cup of coffee in five minutes, and meanwhile we will chat with the old man and look about us. Presently he will offer us some sweetmeat, which he fancies, poor soul ! is slightly intoxicating. It is not so in the least, but it is delicious, and he always fancies that people buy more after eating it. So I favour the delusion, and in order to extract it I bid low till he produces it and rise a few piastres with every mouthful. As you justly observe, divans and narghilehs require Turkish coffee, and whilst the old man is looking for his sweetmeat I will explain to you how coffee is made. The little gold or silver thing (Zarf) which you hold in one hand guards a china egg-cup (Finlan), and the latter contains the coffee. You can buy both here, but antiques chiefly. I have a very handsome silver-gilt set, studded with turquoise coffee-pot, sugar-basin, and rose-water Btoup to match-from this collection, The coffee is delicious, thick, and only, with a sort of bubbly cream (kayak) at the top. kick your beans, carefully clean,' rest on an iron plate until broadened black, as in England grind them, have a small pot of boiling water, put in two tablespoonfuls of coffee, stir it, and hold it on the fire a second or two till it is ready to bubble over. Take it off, and repeat this, sty, three times. Set your cups in a row-first put in your sugar, if you mean to have sweet coffee fill up, disperse the bubbly cream equally into all the cup with a small teaspoon and serve it hot. Your cup must not be bigger than a do! so, because you are obliged to take it perhaps fifteen interested day you must drink coffee with every visitor and it is as strong and refreshing as I can impugned. Many cat the dregs with a spoon! When J. first came I brought English coffee-cups with me, which greatly amazed the servants. I had also a stable mill to grind Indian corn, as that was what our horses lived upon in Brazil. The groom came to me one day, and asked if that was an English coffee-mill. "No," I said why do you ask ?" ""Because I thought, O lady ! that it those were the cups, this must be the coffee grinder to fit them." AH coffee was made an unkind use of in our ministry, I grew up to the age of twenty-two without tasting it, and did not even know what it was like, unadulterated. I was once twenty four hours on a journey without even a crumb of bread or a drop of' water, and at the end of that time a kind soul brought me a cup, with a little Cognac in it. I thought it was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted : it broke the ice, and I have liked it ever since. I could not, however, drink English coffee which is thought ready ground, and mixed with all sorts of things, and kept perhaps a week in a paper ; two teaspoonfuls to a pint of water finally boiled, instead of a tablespoonful to six doll's cups ! I see the sweetmeat coming, and I am going to bid low. When I have collected upon the floor a heap of things you want to buy, I will say, "How much for that heap, O Shaykh ?" He will ask a fabulous price, and swear that under Allah's protection he is losing an enormous sum to gain my friendship, and the patronage of my friends. That suit of armour he recently. refused to my cousin Lord Be for £100 sterling ; he repented when it was too late, and has never had a higher bid than £30. Don't fancy that those are Damascus blades, or that that one belonged to Harun el Rashid ; there is not a Damascus blade left in the city, at least for sale. They come from Sheffield, Doncaster, Berlin, and Munich, and are set up in antique handles and sheaths. You see there is every kind of bric-a-brac, Persian enamel, coffee-cups, jewellery, bits of jade, eastern inkstands, incense burners, rose-water soups, brass trays, china, and what not. Those little bottles of silver, with crescents and chains, contain the gold for the toilette. It is finely powdered antimony, and is put into these little bottles. ' They take a long pin. bodkin, or stick of silver or ivory, wet it if much is to be put on, dip into this powder, close the eyelids upon it, and draw it through from end to end. For an in- stant the eye is filled with the powder, smarts and waters. They then wipe away the superfluous black under the lids. Men use it as well women ; the latter prefer a mixture of the mineral with lampblack, oil. and spices, and men prefer simple powder, without any addition. It is a pity European oculists do not order it to their patients. The object is to strengthen and cool the organ, and to keep off ophthalmia. With the eye well behind, you can bear the reflection of heat from the desert, and look at objects without being affected by that way, quivering glare so painful to the sight. Thus I would undertake to stare without blinking at an English sun, and perhaps for this reason I never had opthalmia and scarcely ever wore spectacles in our long desert ride. In Europe it seems out of place, and would be considered as painting ; here, also, the chief draw- back is writing and studying so many hours under gas, in which case it is not so beneficial. The harems apply it for ornament, but it is openly and coarsely put on. If they would learn to use it as English and French actresses apply their paint it would be very effective ; but they smear it like an unwashed sweep, and only partly wipe away the surplus. Now I see you have chosen your things, a Persian brass tray, an incense burner, u rose- water soup, an inkstand for the belt, some ash- trays, a little amber, and gold cigarette mouth- piece, a brass saucer for chilbouquo bowl, a gold inlaid dagger, a silver-backed hand mirror for toilette, a brass carved drinking cup, coffee-cups and holders, coffee-pot, brass jug and basin for washing the hands, and a silver-mounted near- which. " Now, O Shaykh! what do you want for all this 1" " O lady! Allah, knows that if his servant gives them to the for 1000 francs it will be like a gift and may they bring them a blessing!" " Thou art mad, O Shaykh! I will give thee one hundred francs." (I know they are worth between three and four hundred.) The blood is rising in his face, but he struggles to keep it down, and to cool his temper walks away for a little, as if it were not worth his while to do any business with me. Whilst he again fetches the sweetmeat, I will tell you a story about him. The Comte de B-, an Italian, who was travelling for pleasure and adventure, paid a visit to Able AntikA, and on seeing the treasures he went quite beside himself. He suddenly looked up from choosing items, and asked how much he would take for the whole room-full, offering at the same time 15,000 francs. The Shaykh was struck almost dumb with joy ; but seeing the Italian so excited, he was " too clever by half, as they say, and thought that they could get more ; so showing no emotion, he replied " Not so, chassis (mister) ; but I will take 20,000." So they parted. The Italian came to the hotel, and raced up and down the room, saying to a friend, "Do you think the Shaykh will relent and take my offer 1" and he was very nearly running back to offer the 20,000. " Yes," said his friend, who had lived at Damascus for some time; he will come, but not till he has removed all the most valuable things into the hands, which you will never miss not remember." The Italian was cured, and thanked his friend. Abu Antill went to his harem, and saved as the Count had done, occasionally lifting up his turban to cool his head, and exclaiming " 15,000 francs ! why I could start doubly and trebly again with that. What a fool I have been ! I wonder if I am too late if that mad Frank will be gone. If Allan only protects me through this act of avarice, I will be an honester man for the future." Accordingly, Abe Antika appeared and said, " O Dowlatak (your Highness), have been considering the matter, and in my anxiety that your Highness should go away satisfied from Esh Sham, am pleased with your humble servant, I have resolved to forego the 5000 francs, and to content myself with the poor little sum of 15,000 francs, though the goods are worth double the money, and I must begin life all over again." The Court replied, " I am very sorry, 0 Shaykh ! that thou have had this trouble. The sight of the things drove me mad, but the fever that I had to possess them when I offered them the 15,000 francs has passed away, and I now see how rash I was to do so. I would rather have my money, were they worth double the sum." Aber Antilles! has been mentally tearing-not his hair, because he is shaved, but his" beard, ever since that affair, still it has not cured him. -of Now you see he has returned quite coolly, and offers us more sweetmeat as a peace offering. We will now go up fifty francs at every mouthful because it is near sunset ; we have three-quarters of an hour's ride to Salahiyyeh, and the gates will be shut. If you give me carte blanche, I will stop at 500 francs. I have made a mental calculation whilst I have been talking. They will be well paid for at 400 francs, and 500 will give him something over. He will have every reason to be satisfied, and so will you, for they are really worth the money, and in Europe they would fetch a much higher price at the same time none but English would give him that sum here, and their travelling dragoman would cheat him of half of it. So now I have told him, and also that we wish him a cm dial good day, and blessings upon his house. We will mount our donkeys, leaving a Kiiwwass to pick up the goods and load a boy with them; the thanks attends us to his gate, sweating that we have ruined his prospects for ever. You ask me if it is always necessary to go out with to much stale with one or more Kawwasses, said I. must answer this-it is necessary, unless you go out in native dress, veiled. I mean, of George st-, at this side of the Lebanon. _ I thought the honour of my position, never being; allowed out without an escort, a very great bore at first. It used to distress me to be made so much fuss with, and to have the road cleared for me as if I were a sacred object. I used to beg of the Raw was as not to show their zeal by doing more than was needful for the customs of the country and the honour of Ike Consulate ; but after I saw one group got a pail of dirty water thrown over them with insolent gestures, after hearing of a minister's wife being kissed in the bazaar, and a clergy- man's wife being struck by a soldier because her dress touched him or peasant, rendering him un- clean, I learnt that my meekness was quite mis- placed, and that it takes some time to know now to behave in a manner which will gain respect in the East, which is the very opposite of that in the West. What would be considered conciliating, high-minded, delicate, and well bred in certain cases, would here be only mis- taken for cowardice, meanness, and half-witted ness. The person who is most loved and respected per ne in the East, man or woman, is who is most brave, most just, most strict with them, most generous with money, and whom they cannot deceive with little intrigues. To punish an Eastern you have but two holds over him to hurt his person or his pocket ; but he much prefers the former. Hence it is that frequently an official sent out from England, without any previous knowledge of the East, a gentlemanly quiet man, who would have been a great success in Paris or Berlin, is despised beyond measure in the East. I dare say you' feel quite tired. We will go home, and you shall go to your room and wash your hands for dinner at once ; I will go round to the stables and see that the animals are all right, and be with you in ten minutes. 