A QUADRUPLE EXECUTION AT BANGKOK. Tun culprits were four'--an incendiary, sentenced to have his hand cut' off; a muiderer, to be ripped . open ;. the third, a political offender, to be de.. livered to wild beasts; and the fourth, a blasphemer, to:have: lIiiad buint off. Thie 'execeiti;n'ery' madrle. f11 call eeqd, grinding their axle s an I ter:,;l ess ing the fiCunaee, inld i. eparing the belvlows. T 'The itecaulianr'y can first and teiiilered his wrist, and his hand was iinrn-idiately seen flying in the air. The nintil?lton did. not appear to affect him rulch,'for he went amongst the crowd 'o witness the following executions. The murderer next takes a seat on a stouie, and whilst they:are cutting into his abdomeui he keeps biting a bdinana; the sufferer is .then seen to gnash his teeth, and under hor rible convulsions, loses the banana and sinks to rise no nmore. The traitor to the kit g uneanwhile is look ing down a den speaking to the tigers, aand recomnmending them to sharpen their appetities. Tile executioners seize him, pass a' Irope uder his arms," and lower him slowly into the horrible hole, af'ter which they slowly': draw the rope up. Then we hear, says: M. Chaulues, an eye-witness, sometlhing like- nffled crepitation.; fr'om time to time a human formu is seen jerked ip; the .breakilig of, the ikull and t.he thigh bones is distinguishable. The wild beasts are, roarilg ;all the time, but no human cry is audible. As for the sacrilegious criminal the exceu. tioners: tied. him on a'' plank, arid placed his'h'ead betw?eei tiwo coral-, pans.' : They theu:i work.i thl~ bellhi\s; and direct jets of flame oni the cul. prit's head, who continuins singing what is supposed. to be .. an inmpiors or." blIShpJhemois song:r. Iiid teimples are blistering -ti. der the darts of fire, nrid yet liecnietinrius his psalm ody. - Meanuiwile the body writhes in awful convulsions, his eyes are bleed itig, the bones ciuclilitg, and, lie fin-: 'ally gives:up the ghost with a fearful. yell; . 