THE PE0GEESS-03F THE ARCTIC EX- I'EbrrioN THE correspondence brought by lier Majesty's-sliip Valorous at Plymouth, tellS interesting news of the Arctic' Expedition. The Valorous gave what German students' • call"' v ' das Geleit" ; to the vessels engaged in the 'Expedition. : She escorted them : on 'their 'way ; as far as the Island of Disco, off ths' Coast pf Greenland ; that is to say, the Valorous made thte voyage to Disco, and kept the J other ye^iels iii '• dght.as' well ! as. she Could during the: time,' but she was; often obliged ^part' company.',witt^ them for an_ interval. ITie vessels had.' rather rough expferieiices to" .begin, with. As one of the lettere. puts '".it, the' Ex- ' pedition had stai- ted to invade the most sacred territories pf Nature, " and, instead of remaining quietly at home until he had arrived at the . threshold! of her jealously-guarded domain, she has met and opposed us from the yery start," Strong • head . winds, an occasional gale, and frequent fogs beset the invaders. -The gales/. the fogs, the sudden changes -were sometimes almost as fantastsc and .bewildering in their rapid appearance as the varying.shapes which obstructed and tormented the journey pf Undine's Kniglittlirough tie. haunted, forest. - . Before, reaching ; Disco, the ships; suddenly -came upon fine weatlier. ; As they approached tlie land they.found the sea blue and calm, the, sky sunny, the mountain ranges glittering in snow, and-the icebergs on the seaward horiion looking like the crystal islets of some fairy legend;- The first sight of an iceberg is, . as many of-pur readers know, a sort of event ° in one's life—to a voyager, that is to say; from our milder latitudes, who :is unused to look on.ice in greiitcr .-masses than the ponds in tlie parks can show ixi wiriter time. The lirst glimpse of an iceberg is to such a voyager a muck more remarkable aild thrilling sight than the, first glance of a palm-tree, in wliicli the author oi "jEothen" delighted. " There is something a"wful and 'supernatural about thatgreat white, gleaming,' unreallooking shape which breaks the horizon. It impresses the imagination at r first almost as much as a ghost' might do. It seems, indeed, like the visible spirit' of the Arctic solitude. . . . . Tlie "Valorous finally parted company from the Arctic ' ships on Saturday, July 17. All the members of the expedition were then in srood health and very hopeful as .to their prospects of success. The Valorous had reached Disco on the 4th of July, after having lost sight of her companions -for some days, and having fought her way through the winds and fogs of which we have before made mention. She was the first to make her appearance at the place of rendezvous, although it would seem that her -companions had.entertained i rather a poor . opinion of her powers previously,. and had. professed; to give her . a .sort of ironical good-bye- The naturalists of the three vessels seem to have been a.liftle disappointed with the plants which they found. „ Many of those . which, they discovered- are described as familiar ; to the Alps; and some to the higher parts of the {English lake country. : " In fact," says - a writer on board the Valorous, /' according -to Dr. Hooker, the continent of Greenland,-m spite of its being so favourably r,situated •for harbouring an , Arctic 'American vegitationj- tpresents -an almost -absolute identity of botanical features with those of. Europe." • 33ie < /scientific .men •"were disappointed;' t too,?, in; not i finding anv meteoric atones fin a place where such • objects were once i discovered in, • considerable numbers; and where a native of: the island-had assured the party that he had himself lately 'seen 'others: • The settlement off which the vessels of the expedition had anchored was'peculiar and strange enough in itself • "to "satisfy any one merely|in search of new sensa- -tions. A - place consisting'of a dozen •houses or so, with a population "under , a hundred, is presided over by the inspector of-the j Danish possessions in 1 •Greenland. This official'has to remain' in "the region for eight years. Except a -few assistants and workpeople, he -has no white associates. The remainder, of the little population is. made up of, half-breeds^ who tare hke the Esquimaux in habits, and jthe Esquimaux themselves. The Danish inspector must have welcomed^the.English expedition as a heaven-sent, interruption of his monotonous and all ' but solitary existence.* The strange ordeals of human: ambition can hardly,-,.one would think,, •have a morercui^ous example than is found in., the4 devotion., to an .official career.-iwliich- has ejght years of-such an exile fpr,a stej) .in lts^progress..- ,,Everyho*dy h'aa -heard of the Englishman jirho accepted the office of,,keeper,•of.aiight^ house .because he did not. like ooufineiment;, (Perhaps i there t.may, < have ,been found a- -Danish official.,to acpept 0;the .post of.inspBctoj-iof thisiiregion because hp s,did nofc siike ;lonehness.b'!0ura;Bx< pedition fell upon-thenholiday. ^time of the native population. •-The Seals , ian d .the whales goiand cofie with. tKedce, and the people had ilittle -to do ibutvto amuse - themselves while our vessels were anchored offr, .the island. The officers and menoftheaexpedition went to work •with. : hearty- ^goodwill-. Ho amuse f the; natives and tthemselveg at 'Once.' .' The' Eaquimaux;'imen."and:women;fi I delight inadancing,andiaccoiSlinglyevfery might :whileLthe;vegsels reiiamSi at the'island !thexe ^aaanaropTomptuKall,^metimes" withind^bnandjumetimesintfa^^ j There ought to be found tome •pencil to illustrate the odd scenes which J some ol of tHe the Ifitters tetters describe—tlie seamen, ] and their partners, the costumes of the women, J^il?-- the, dances, 1, the native " wall' flowers" crowding in the. doors and the corners, and all the other features of aM^j&cticmfe;^-^k&g.; liine'of^&islandera;^^is'ljut short. ~The' The -'harbour had been' loiiked :up with frost until» fortnight before She*arrival of the expedition, and the ice'would close inagain about -the end of "August-. • . So far,' of • course, we have' nothingbut the preliminaries of the expedition. The evening dances with the'Esquimaux ipon came to a close, and the vessels •went" their way. The Valorous' returned ; ! th e Discovery and : the :J43ert pursued their course. The two latter vessels took up their necessary outfit of dogs, who are to do something Iike the •work of reindeer br camels, or' the uncomfortable Himalayan yak, in other : regions arid expeditions. Sotne Esquimaux will also probably be taikeii to. help in managing" the dogs. ' The most hopeful'temper .anid spirits prevailed in 'the vessels. The writer of one letter which we publish declare^;'.that in so a region r he does not see how anything could well happen to them so long as. they'., escape :sbme accident ' against which foresight can : hardly guard.— Daily News. .„ ... 