TO THE EDITOB. Sin.-As I am not acquainted with you, otbor than through your paps;-, may I iay a few -words respecting Sir. Maorossau'e speech, Ibe other night in the OddfeiloW Hatt \ in the first pUce, 1 may say that ho will not got many to endorse Lie opinions or you, iuas much as not only myself, but all tbo intelligent and right minded of tbo Charter® Towers public, look upon you as a fearless, right o pable and right uinnly vindicator of (be peopled righto. Without stopping to con* Bidnr who the author of tho injustice was, let me therefore «ay, that I find tliat tho verdict Mr Macrosfian anticipated would ho given against you has turned upon himself, and the verdict Is tnat he is no credit to us and not & fit and proper person to represent us in Parliament for manvreasons, some of which I will now mention. First.- Thou he hus not kept liis word with the won who relumed faim to Parliament; did he rot promise to fitippopt a bill for Free and 6ccular Education ? Mm ho done so P No, he has not, he opposed it . Paragraph by pnttigrnph and yielded inch bv inch, oe no was driven from clftueo to* clause by tho invinoable King; be comes to Charters Towers to give an acoount of his stewardship, but ho snya lie has come for a far more important purpose, that was to abuse the oditor of the Northern Miarr. but he was dcccircd, and bore Is ouo tnoro change upon the Towera that Johnny did not remark, Hi a rowdyism i be left on the Towers has dopnrtcd and common sense takon itR placo. What reason does Mr. | MacrosBHii give to his constituents for his not supporting the Ministry on tho Education I Qucbtiou P His conscientious convictions that 1 tho bill wns godless and unjust. We ask whero was his coiiscienco at the time he pledged lit'm* 1 self lo support it, but 1 supposo he acted upon 1 tho jfsuitical assumption that the means ho em ployed to pet returned wew justifled bv tbc end sought, that isf not only to uphold tJltramoa*! tauism, but to prodagato it in Queensland ; ho | says he aetcd as his conoienee dictated to him, ; We ask what proof he has given the electors of tho Kennody of the purity and unerring infalli bility of his consoienco, that they should not dare to think of, or ask him any pplitic&l; right, or the repeal of any politieat grievance if it do not agree with hifl tutored conscience, but (his rot will not last any loftier on the Towers There are hundreds of intelligent men here who kaov.aS well as Mr. Macrossan, that he is not euppoaed to hare a concieaoe where and when tho church speaks, but especially when they would say other than the churoa'e will, This we all know, let Mr. Maorossati be deceived no louder. Mr. Macrossan says there aro soma people who do not want religion because they I advocate Seoular Education and Secular Educa* I tioj is Godlass Eduoation, at least, auofc it the I definition of theOoajutor Bishop of Sydney, and such is Bishop Quintt's definition of the word, nndsuoh is Mr. Mocrossan'a definition, henoo it mast be right. Has it never struck the very sensitive conscience of Mr. Macrotsan, that if secular moans godless in the echools, H must; rccan the same in the churoh, and the church which defines the word tbns, has an army of such teachers, but the church wills it and that 48 enough ; again, Mr. Macrossan eays he had no ?? hand in the mining laws, he *8 wrong again/ for ' they hod to pass through Parliament before they became law, therefore he had'ereiy chance of letting his light of cxperfehco shine on'them, but they did not interest brm. jost then; again, what was the snn£and substance of bis stump ' orations at Havonswood, and here but one con* tiouous denunciation of the mfsmJc of the gold' fields, and the iniquitous leasing laws. Can the Honorable Member for the Kennedy refer ub to any newspaper containing his speech against. those laws, if he cannot, then tue inference is tha1: tho Honorable Member had more money, when in -Parliament than he had when mpJ»'"g those orations, and this modified their evil con* sequences very much. Has Mr. Macrossan not been returned to Parliament as & supporter -of the present government being the .people's choice P Has he done so? No, he has aof, the fact is that he voted for Ivory, aud lo-when the Government was trying to pass 'measures which they liad promised to the people, it is tens. that be did vote many times wun tue uoyeni xnont, but those rare occasions when tha Qotcih* meat bad strong majoritiw t why did he oppose Mr. Adam Black so persistently? For this reason -Adam Block was & staunch supporter of the Miuistry and pledged to support a bill for, Free Secular Education, so by getting rid of Mr, Black, the Secular Education Bill would hpva ouc advocate less, and the Ministry- one sup portor less, for he was spleeney With the Govern ment when he found they would not sacrifice the bill upon the Ultramontane altar, Now, sir, for one more specimen of Mr. ftLacrossanfc -I was going to say sophistry, but that fe wrong he is not clever enough for a sophist-then I .hall call it illogical twaddle. He says in relation to the Education Bill that he does not want to put bis opinions upon a y one? nor will he permit any one topnt their principles upon him. What does the man mean F Does be tutend io insinuate that ihore are theological principles taught in secular schools. The principles taught in secular schools are useful elementary education, in a word that educatijn which enables a nan to transact all and every business of life, with ease and safety, but here is the evil, tho Ultramontane dreads all over the world contact with protestant intelligence and free thoughtr and for this reason have they drawn their people out of every society visited by Pretestants. Bnt , sir, the Jesuit well knows that this is the age of controversy and enquiry, and that intolerance cannot exist much longer, therefore have they declared-war against the social world : therefore. I sir, let me say an conclusion that it is too much 1 to czpeot Mr. Mraossaa to support in Parha* ment any educational measure that would-be productive of intelligence in the plebfitui ranks, for is it not a fact that tho Ultramontane* hate always tried to keep the door of knowledge shot upon the lower classes, if such is not tho taol why arc those nations where tho Ultramontane reigns supreme, more intelligent than what they arc F For instance-Italy, Spain, and Portugal* are 100 years behind the ether states ot Europe. The education of those natfrns consists chiefly in legondary lore of ghosts, bosh, gocd and aril, and the fabulous miracles done by ten thousand saints ; what then we ask is the cause of this ignoraucc P Why this tho Ultramontano dread a more man . elevating and enobting education. £ enter into these facta to show the reason why our member is incapacitated from Iccpht; hie word with his constituents, and therefore it follows that he cannot honestly and honorably represent any constituency of the British dominions in the year 1875, or until the Ultramontane has laid down the sword of the Transalpine Court and cancelled his political allegiance to that Court, and publish to the world (hat unrestricted intelligence without respect to caste, country, creed, or colour, is the gift of God to oil Adam s children. Yours &e.;, rfiO BONO PUBLICO. 