AN IRISH GHOST STORY. An Irish ghost story has generally some thing to do with the banshee, or death \v?.;vier, but a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wiids of Kerry the other day is sufficiently thrilling, although th-- ap parition concerned had 110 hereditary sfatiritiisr. It seems thnt a woman residing in G-ifiifi;j--k received a call from the spirit ot her iiu-sband, ' a man of the fanning class, dres*ed iti a shroud and white stockings and gloves.1' The fanner in white gloves stated tbat since his death, some months back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on account, of owing a sum of JJ15 to friends cf his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a few days if he cmie for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumstances of the case, and this gentleman acted very differ ently from the clerical isoiiitor of Micky Free, who may be remembered by the readers of *' Charles O'Malley.' When tbe 'host in complete burial costume arrived for the bank note, he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day. to be a mere pretender, p'.aying a part, who svill have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of res' dra matic cunning iu the fashion io which tuia rogue tried to impose on the simple k.i-i'i^. The shroud, the stockings, and, above all, -.h;- «rlnws. wfii'fi at once rficofiiisp.ri bv iIih :nnnr woman as the most fitting garments for her husband, as they wei'e the last in which she had seen him. If he had- presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flinnel jacket and corduroys, she might have wonder ed how he contrived to procure a change of working clothes. Here is a hint for spiritual ists who have some difficulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. Tt;e Glenflesk ghost has not solved the }no biem, but his rigid adheience to charnel properties ought to be a lesson to those who represent spirits in shooting coats or walking dresses. 