CHAPTER LXIII. MARY ROGERS' LETTER TO EDITH. i'ive days after the bridal party at Sohuyler's Hill Edith and Gertie sat together in the boudoir of the latter, talking of the Providence whioh had thrown them so constantly together, and of the way in which they were at last made known to eaoh other. " I have often thought of the night Mrs. Rogers died," Edith said, " and, as I reoall her manner toward me, I think there must have been something on her mind which she wished to tell me about you, Do you suppose she could have known you were my ohild ?" "No, no, not that, and kept it so many years," Gertie said, " and yet I can remember many things she used to say, and hints she used to throw out regarding my parentage, which I interpret differently now from what I did then, when my thoughts were all in another channel." " One would have supposed that, knowing as she must have known her liability to sudden death, she would have left some writing whioh might throw light upon your history. You are sure she did not?" Edith said, and Gertie replied : "Yes, sure; or, at least, I think I am. Norah and I looked over everything oarefnlly at the time, and there was nothing but a bundle of old letters and receipts " "Did you destroy them ?" Edith asked, and Gertie answered her : " No, I have them still in the box where I keep the souvenirs of my ohildhood. I'll bring them, if you like, and look thom over again, though I am quite sure there is nothing in them." The box was brought and opened, and bunt- ing out the bundle of papers and letters, Gertie began to examine them more carefully than ever before. Then? were dress makers' bills and grooers' bills and landlords' bills and musio bills for Gertie, and letters to Annie Stover and " John Rogers, Birmingham," and then Gertie oame at last upon a fresher-looking envelope, the seal of whioh had not been broken, and on whioh, in Mary Rogers' hand, waB written : " For Mrs. Edith Sohuyler, if I die suddenly." " Oh-h-yes-here-it must be this !" Gertie gasped, as she passed the package to Edith, who was pale as a ghost, and whose heart beat with an undefined dread lest after all there might be some mistake, and her darling be wrested from her. " Shall I read it, or you ?" she Baid, and Gertie replied to her : " You-it's for you, you see ; but read aloud, if you please. I cannot wait to know." , Edith could not read it aloud, and Gertie did not wait, but leaning over her mother's shoulder read the letter with her. It was as follows : "HAMPSTEAD, April 10th, l8-. " MHS. COL. ¡aOHtnrtER-MADAME : Warned only »this day by a twinge in my heart and. abôrrtrmy vitals that I may be taken away sud- denly, and before I have a chance to tell what, perhaps, I should have told before, I am going to commit to paper the true and veritable history of Gertrude Westbrooke, the girl known as my adopted child, but who has not a single drop of my blood in her veins. Mrs. Sohuyler, did you ever hear of a beautiful young girl-a very beantiful young girl, who came one day years ago with her mother to a dreary kind of lodging in Dorset-street, .London ? They had the back rooms looking into a Sirty oourt, and the beautiful girl had a baby bom there, a wee little girl baby, with eyes like robin's eggs. " There was a housemaid, who waited on the ladies in No-; her name was Mary Stover, and she admired the young lady so muoh, and was carious about her, too, especially after the birth of the baby. That housemaid was me, and the beautiful lady was you, who your mother called Heloise. She was Mrs. Fordham then, and I did not like her muoh. I always mistrusted her of being able to do anything, and, after I accidentally beard what she said to you about sending the child away, I knew she was hard, and kept a watch on her. " I was going to your room with a jug of water, and heard it all, and saw her the night she went oat with a bundle under her arm. I was sure the bundle was the baby, and, when she got back, I let myself out on to that little balcony under your window, and waited till I heard her tell you where she had taken the child. There oertainly was a Providonce in it that I had a sister nurse in that very hospital, and, to make sure your mother told you true, whioh I mistrusted, I got leave to go out next day, and went to see my sister. " By a little olever management I found that a girl baby had been left there the night before, with Heloise pinned on its dress, as Mrs. fordham said, and that it was further marked on the bosom with a drop of blood. I got Anne to Bhow the baby to me, and knew it for the same I had seen in your room. You remember I tended it an hoar or more onoe. " I love children very muoh, and this poor deserted one interested me more than I can tell ; and I said to myself I'll keep watch of it, and the mother, too, and some time maybe I oan unravel the mystery, and bring them to- gether. From what I overheard, I believed you had been married-made a bad match, most likely-and that your husband wiè dïad : and that was all I knew of tiim. But I pitied you, and toved the ehild, and, without telling Anne why, I made ber promise to be very kind to the little one. f " When you left Dorset street I lost track of you entirely for a while, but that only made me more anxious ab jut the baby. I saw it often, and it soon got to know me and follow me with its pretty eyes, sled I loved the little crea- ture more than I can give any reason for Mother lived in Dorset street, too, and as she was very lonesome from week's end to week's end without« us, I took the plan to have her take thefc^by for oura. It waa hard work" to bring heyW. 'li> anl* Anne opposed it, too ; but semetbing seemed to push mo on and say that it muBt be done, and I got her consent at last, and she took Heloise to our house in No. -, where she was just like a little sunbeam, and it was hard to tell which loved her the most, mother, or Anne, or me. I olaimed her for mine, and dressed her with my wages, and meant to bring her up above what we were if I could. I had got another plaoe then, and a better one. I was waiting-maid to a Mrs. Westbrooke, who lived in a fine place out at Old Kensington. She, too, had a little baby girl named Gertude, and, when it died suddenly of croup, I thought she would have mourned herself to death for it. " About that time mother went off with cholera, and then I told Mrs Westbrooke about my baby, and asked if I might bring it and show it to her. You don't know how pretty she was, with her golden red bair curling all over her head, and her sweet blue eyes My lady got very fond of her the three days she staid with me, and, when I spoke of oarrying it away, she said : " ' Mary, I do not believe I can let baby go. It seems like my oijn lost darling. Will you let me have her ?' >. - *V " ' Por your onn 7 I asked, and she answered : " ' Yes, Mary, for my own.' " This was just what suited me-to see my pet grow up a lady-and I told her yes, and, as the master did not oppose it more than to say 'it was a pieos of nonsense-r-that he did not oare especially for other people's brats, and this one must be kept out of his way,' it was settled that baby should stay, and I do believe my mistress came to love it like her own. She gavav it her lost baby's name, and had it christened ' Gertrude Heloise Westbrooke,' so that it sure would have a name. She was a sweet-tempered lady, but weakly and nervous like. I think she had consumptien, for nothing in particular appeared to ail her, only ehe was tired like all the time* and never could sleep nor get rested ; and at last she lay down to die, and left an annuity of forty pounds a year to little Gertie, and said I was to have the care of her. *. " Aborft a year after her death the "mister married again, a fashionable, fussy little woman from Glasgow, who dhliked children worse than he did, and never noticed Gertie in any way after she found out that she was only adopted and not Mr. Westbrooke's own. I was about to be married myself, and asked the master if I might have the ohild. He was more than willing, and I took her to my own comfortable home on the second floor of a house in what is now Abingdon road, but was then Newland street. All this time t had not been able to track you, though I never went out that I did not look for you, and many's the time I drew my little girl to the gardens of Kensington and even to Hyde Park, where I sat by the hour watohing the people as they went by in hopes of seeing you. But I never did, and I had almost given it up, when one day in October I went into a linen draper's on High-street to get a new slip for my darling. The girls were all very busy, and I had to wait a bit, and was looking at the dresses in the window when I heard some one say, ' Isn't she beautiful ? ' and looking up I saw you ooming in I knew you in a moment, though you were handsomer than ever, and looking well and strong. In my ex oitement I forgot what I had come to get, but stood watching you, my heart beating so loud, I was afraid you might hear it. "I do not remember what you bought, bu' you ordered it, sent it to ' Mrs. Dr. Barrett's No -, Caledonian-street,' and then left "the shop, while I followed close behind. You turned into that shady lane or road which leads past the Holland House to Bayswater, and I kept as near yon as jL could without attracting attention. Once you sat down under a tree as if you were tired, and going a little further on I sat down too, and watohed you when you did not know it. There was a pretty little girl about Gertie's age playing near, and I remem- ber you oalled her to you, and smoothed her ourls, and caressed her little hands and asked ber for her name, and when she went back to her nurse there was a sad, sorry look in your eyes and on your face, and I said to myself, ' Is she thinking of the baby, I wonder ? ' " I knew from Anne that a woman in deep black, with her veil drawn olosely over her face, had been to the hospital to inquire after it, and had seemed relieved when told it had been taken by a woman who was sure to be kind to it. I waB certain the lady in blaok was your mother, but could not tell whether she had ever inquired again for the ohild. I meant to know for sure where you lived, and if Caledonia-street was your home, so when you got up, which you did after a time, I got up too, and kept close behind until you reaohed Notting Hill station. I was standing by you when you got your tioket, and took the same carriage you did, and alight- ing at the same station, followed you to your very door, and saw you go in like one who was at home. There was a baker's shop near by, and I bought some bread and buns whioh I did not want, and questioned the girl who waited on me with regard to the houses in the neigh- bourhood, pretending I was looking for one to rent. Ia this way I learned that the Mrs. Dr. Barrett who lived at No -? toek lodgers, and had & beautiful daughter, a Miss Lyle, the child of a first marriage, the girl supposed, as old Dr. Barrett, who had owned the place for a long time, had only been married to the present Mrs. Barrett two or three years when he died. So muoh I learned, and then I left the place for home, determining to" keep traok of you after that, and not lose sight of you again, and I did I knew when you were governess at Allanbanke, and when yon played the organ in- ohuroh, and used sometimes on Sundays tako Gertie there to ÜBten to the musio, but never gave her a hint aa to who the musioian was. There was a kind of pleasant exoitement in thoa watohing you, and feeling that I had your seoret, and I enjoyed it to the full. "At last yon were lost to me for a little while. I nursed my husband in his last sickness, but greatly to my delight you unexpectedly turned up again" at the very house where my cousin Norah was living as lady's maid-at Oakwood, yon know. I saw you there one evening when I was calling on Norah, and learned that you were MrB. Seymour's companion, and was going abroad with her. AsNorah,too,wastoacoompany her mistress, I was certain to know when you re- turned; and I did, and saw you dressed for dinner one day, and thought you the most beautiful woman I ever saw. I was a widow then. My husband had been dead for some time, bus he had left me quite comfortable for a woman of my class, while Gertie's annuity was sufficient for her. I was anxious that she should have a good education, and I tried to bring her np a lady as far as I knew myself Just what I intended to do, or whether I should ever let you know of her existence, had now become a matter of some doubt, for I loved the girl too well to part with her willingly. She was the very apple of my eye, and I said unless something happens to me, or her mother mar- ries rich, I will keep the seoret all my life Still I liked to be near you-to know just what you were doing, and BO I applied to your mother for apartments, with what success you know. Then Colonel Sohuyler oame, and Norah told me of your probable marriage with him, and I bad a great battle with duty and my love for little Gertie. The first told me that when you was in a position to do for the ohild what I never eould, I ought to give her up, while the last said I never could ; she was all the world to me ; and so I decided to keep her a spell at least, especially as through Norah it was so arranged that I was to go to Ameriea when you did. In any event I Bhould have followed you after a while, and I thought it a special Provi- dence whioh made .my going with you so easy. You can imagine the interest I have felt in you and everything belonging to you, and how at times, when I saw my darling snubbed by the young ladies at the Hill, I haye been tempted to olaim her right to bè-there a» ^their equal and oompanion. " I never eould tell whether Colonel Sohuyler knew that snoh a ohild had ever had existenoa. If he did not, and your passing for Miss Lyle instead of Mrs., made me suspeot that he did not, I jhought it would be a oruel thing for me to tell it to him, and that pf itself might have kept me from it, even if I had loved Gertie lees. If it waa not for this frequent pain which warns me of sudden death, I should perhaps 'keep the secret for ever, but I-must not leave my little girl alone, if anything hap- pens to me, and so 1 write it down, begging you to taken her and do justice to her, for I swear ' to Heaven she is the child bom in Dorset-street, Jan.-, l8-, of the young woman, Heloise or Edith Lylo, whose mother oalled herself Mrs Fordham, and left the baby on the steps of the-Street Hospital. " Perhaps you need not confess tho truth to your husband, if he does not already know it, but you can at least adopt Gertie and treat her as your own, and this I beg of you to do. " And now I have told you all I know. Who Gertie's father was or where he died is a secret to me; only this is sure, the girl known as Gertie Westbrooke is your own daughter, and may God deal with you and prosper you accord- ing as you deal with her when I am gone. " Written this day at Hampstead, and sworn to solemnly by me before the Eye which sees me and which knows what I say is true. " MART KOOEM." This was the letter which Edith and Gertie read together, the latter with burning oheecks and tear-wet eyes,-while the former was palo as ashes, aad almost fdlfc-the'-touch of the iron fingers as she was again taken back to those dreadful days in Dorset-street, when the great sorrow or ber life bad oome upon hor. Had she wanted any proof of Gertie's identity, she had it before ber, but she did not. She was sure upon that point, and olasping the beautiful girl in her arms, she burst into a paroxysm of tears, moaning softly, " My darling, my baby ; J i it seems so like a dream, and God has been so S good to keep you all the time and bring you at last to me. Ob, if mother oould have known ! She always loved you from the time you went to lodge with her in London." -" Mamma," Gertie said suddenly, " she did know, I am sure of it, or she must have guessed. It was the night she died when I waa sitting with her, and aooidentally mentioned my birth- mark-that drop of blood. I remember how exoited she grew, and how hard she tried to talk and tell me somothing, but could not. It must have been her suspioion of the truth." " Perhaps so. I would like to believe she knew it," Edith answered, and then they talked more freely than they had ever talked before of Edith's early married life; of the time she lived at the little vine-wreathed cottage, and from her obamber window watched the building of the house which was now her home, and the young husband who worked upon it, and met his death so tragically. And then Edith told her daughter of the Lyles across the sea in Alnwick; the sweet faced old lady knitting in the sunshine, and the bare-armed Jennie, who had so shocked and disgusted her. Gertie was interested in the grandmother at once, and proposed writing to ber immediately, and telling her that the son whom she had mourned so long had left a ohild, who would some day And her ia her humble home and oall her grandmamma. But Edith opposed this plan, feeling intuitively that I Jennie Nesbit had only to know of rich rela- I tions in Amerioa to pack her things and start at once for Sohuyler Hill ; and this Edith oould not endure, nor would she voluntarily subject her husband to the humiliation; so she dis- suaded Gertie from her project of writing, telling her that as she was going abroad in the spring, she oould, if Godfrey thought best, oall at that oottage in Alnwick, and see her father's mother With this Gertie was satisfied, and as Godfrey just then carne for her to drive, she went out to him, leaving Edith alone to think over the strange events which bad finally oulminated in bringing to her a greater happiness than she had thought it possible for a human being to know-her luxurious home, her noble husband, hor baby boy Arthur, and sweetest and best of all, her beautiful daughter Gertie. 