WELLINGTON. [VIA MELBOUHKE.] The Maories send two delegates f loni among themselves, accompanied by a lawyer, to England, to test thc validity of thc various ! purchases of laud from the Natives. THE members of thc Bachelors' Amateur Dramatic Club arc requested to bc in attend- ance, at thc rooms, at nine o'clock sharp, for rehearsal. Tire Postmaster, Mr. Peterson, received a telegram from the postmaster at Bowen, stating that thc steamer Florence Irving left that port at ll o.m. yesterday. She calls at Flat-top Island, and, we are informed, cannot he in Keppel Bay before midnight to-night. The steam tender Bronzewing will leave thc wharf at 3 p.m. to meet the Florence Irving. Mails by this opportunity for Brisbane, Australian Colonies, Kew Zealand, and Fiji, closo at Rockhampton at 2 p.m. to-day for ordinary letters, and au hour earlier for registered letters and newspapers. AT the request of Messrs. Wood and Wood, j we hasten to correct a paragraph in yesterday's Bulletin, wherein it was stated that the ¡ steamer Florence Irving having left Cooktown a day late (probably, as we suggested, to oblige His Honor Judge Hirst and the public,) she could not bc expected in Keppel Bay that day, Thursday, the date fixed by the time- table. Now we find that the date fixed is not Thursday, but Friday (to-day). Wo also plead guilty to what tho agents please to designate another error, having stated lost week that they notified thc post- master at six o'clock on Wednesday evening of the Boomerang's intended call at Brisbane e» mule for Sydney. The notice, they say, was given at four, not six o'clock. Possibly so, but our information was obtained from the Post Office, and if wrong by two hours, it cannot be helped. However, we trust that Messrs, Wood will accept our humble apology for our share in the errors which have occasioned them such extrctnd annoyance, more especially as tho statements made were not intended to injure tlmee gentlemen them- selves, ur llio cowpony tlu,y represent. THE names of the magistrates on the roster for attendance at the Police Court thia ( Friday) morning, are Messrs. W. Callaghan and C. J. Clarke. THE usual monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of the Port Curtis and Leichhardt Dis- trict Hospital will be held in the Court House this afternoon at four o'clock. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, Bridget Mary Mumford was charged with being drunk and using profane language, in Easfrstrect, on the previous evening, and discharged. The same defendant was then charged with using obsceno language in East-street, and was fined £3 ; in default of payment, twenty-one daya' im- prisonment in Rockhampton Gaol. THE Beliriugers had a fair house at the Theatre Royal last night. Another chauge of programme is announced for this evening, which is to be the last performance in Rock- hampton. Those perseus who have not yet attended these interesting entertainments have therefore another opportunity offered them, and they will consult their own pleasure by taking advantage of it. WE learn from Mr. Phillips, that half-a dozen of the immigrants per Sepia, who had been employed on the railway, returned to the Dépôt yesterday, being out of work. They had just finished a contract for Messrs. Clarke Brothers, and at once returned to Rock- hampton, not knowing anything about calling on Mr. Manu. One wonld suppose that'mcu desirous of obtaining employment would not forget to apply for it. Wc have already, said that Mr. Mann has given instructions to employ all the immigrants who present them- selves, provided, of course, they are able and willing to work. FROM the Bmidalerg Star we learn that Captain Trouton, general manager of tho A.S.N. Company, visited Bundaberg last week, in consequence of complaints modo by the people of Bundaberg to the head office of the Company, of the conduct of Captain Brooks, in passing their port. Captaiu Trouton informed a deputation who waited upon him on his ai rival at Bundaberg, that thc Com- pany hold Captain Brooks in high esteem, and that the latter was exempt from blame iu the matter complained of. The Company, however, wished to remove all just cause for dissatisfaction, and had made arrangements for the steamer Queensland not to proceed further north than Bundaberg, making that port its terminus. The new arrangement would come into operation as soon os thc steamer Lady Bowen was ready to resume her place on thc Brisbane and Rockhampton linc. In future, maize and other produce for Rockhampton would have to be forwarded to Maryborough and transhipped to ono of the steamers pro- ceeding northwards, at the cost of the Com- pany. The deputation asked if the Company could not put another boat on the line, and give weekly communication ; to which Captain Trouton replied that it would not pay to do so. The change iii the "running of the steamers would take place in abnut ten weeks' time, and the communication would then be almost weekly. We should like some further information as to this arrangement. If the Queensland, steamer, is intended to in all the Bundaberg trade, with perhaps an extra boat now and then from Maryborough, and two steamers; are to be put on again between Brisbane; Maryborough, Gladstone, and Rockhampton, making n regular weekly service, with fixed days for arrival and departure, the people of Rockhampton will not complain, as such a plan would be preferable to the never-ending uncertainty at present attend- ing the movements of the Company's steamers. Wc eliall be sorry to lose direct communica- tion with Bundaberg, but thc calls at that port, in addition tn Maryborough and Glad- stone, inconveniently prolong thc run between Rockhampton and Brisbane; and thc expedient lately resorted to, of special trips to Mary- borough between the regular trips, has made thc irregularity and delays of thc Company's boats on the Brisbane and Rockhampton Hue positively too annoying to be patiently sub- mitted to. It may be hoped, therefore, that thc proposed change is intended to restore to Rockhampton regular and speedy communica- tion with southern ports. THE Inqleoooi Advertiser has the follow ing :-" My daughter hung up a white sheet when it was nine o'clock," said an applicant for land at Inglewood local land hoard on Friday, when asked how he knew the exact hour at which to mark out a forfeited block. Such are the expedients resorted to where time-pieces are scarce. LAUT year, says the Melbourne Age, a )od named GaUoghly, living at Richmond, had his head cut off by a train passing over him at the level crossing, Swan- street, Richmond. His father brought a Supreme Court action againBt the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company, and by a three-fourths verdict secured £100 damages. On thc 21st ultimo, the full Court, in banco, were moved to grant a nonsuit, on the ground that there was no negligence proved on thc part of the company or its servants, while at the same time there was great negligence Bhown by tho boy in crossing while two trains were approach- ing the station at once. Their Honors con- curred in the latter view of the case, and granted a nonsuit. A vjuiy distressing accident, reports the Kyneton Guardian, occurred at Hesket on Thursday last, which there is every reason to fear will be attended with fatal results. A young man named Oates was chopping wood in the bush when his elder brother came up to him with a gun with which he had been shooting birds. The gun was loaded with slugs, and WBB at half-cock. Whilst talking together the elder Oates saw a bird, and re- marking that there would be a good shot, was in thc act of raising tho gun, when it exploded, and the charge entered his brother's left side. Thc unfortunate young fellow was immediately carried home, and a messenger was at once dispatched to Romsey for medical assistance. Dre. Phipps and Birney were shortly after- wards in attendance, but upon examining the wound pronounced the caBe almost hopeless, as tue full charge had entered the most vital part of the body, A MEETI.VO of the O'Connell Centenary Committee, appointed by the pnblio meeting held in St. Patrick's Hall last Monday night (says thc Age of the 22nd ultimo), was held yesterday evening iu the same place, for the purpose of selecting a programme for the cele- bration of thc centenary. A considerable number of gentlemen were present, including Sir John O'shannassy, Hon. J. V. Sullivan, aud M. O'Grady, M.L.A.'s, Kev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., Rev. W. M. Finn, Rev. J. Dalton, SJ., Rev. J. «'Malley. S.J., Messrs. J. Curtain, F. C. Mason, M.L.A/s. J. Dwyer, M.A., and J. J. Walsh. Sir J. O'shanassy was elected chairman to the movement, and Mr. T. E. Healy, hon. secretary. It was decided to give a banquet on Thursday, £th August ; hold a grand Irish national concert iu the Town Hall, on Friday, the centenary; and bave a monster procession, with sports, in some of the ndjacent grounds of the city, and adopt a course that will make a permanent record of O'Connell's Centenary. Some dis- cussion relative to a statute took place, but j was postponed till tbe next meeting, which j wi(] bc held un friday, thc -5lb instant. THERE bas been a romear afloat during the past few days (says the Gympie Timen) to the effect that Mr. lord, MX.A., who is now in Gympie, intends to resigo. The actual trott is that Mr. Lord had some idea of resigning ir tíie event of thc Payment of Members Bill passing in its integrity ; for in that case then wonld have been a probability of some suit able local man coming forward to relieve Mr. Lord, who is desirous of devoting more per sonal attention to his private business than hil Parliamentary duties permit. But, as th< honorable obstructionists of the Opper Hnusi have emasculated the bill by allowing onlj travelling ezpeusea, Mr. Lord has no linnie díate intention of resigning. THE Gippsland Timi s states that "i natural curiosity of a peculiar character, tn bi seen on the Mary vale run, near the Morwell hos been reported to us by a gentleman whe has lately returned from that locality. Snmt short distance from thu Maryvale homestead is a small round waterhole of alwut ninetj yards iu diameter, which so far as has yet beet ascertained has no bottom, although severa attempts have been made, by going iu thi middle in a boat with all the available Iin< and sounding for several hundred feet. Thi hole is iu the basin of the surrounding hillocks, and thc formation round the sides is of s ligneous character. A singular fact is thi influence tho moon has on the water as at full moon the level is highest but after that thc water slowly ebbs till at the first quartet of thc next it i quite three inches lower, again rising imper ceptibly till it attains its maximum height a thc next full moon. It has been discovorci that the side of the hole overhang a fev degrees, and thc water is highly mineralised tasting, so says our informant, something )ik< the mineral water from Ballan or Hepburn It certainly appears as if some subterranean communication existed with the ocean ; or can our sarants else account for the rise and fall? It is intended to send to Melbourne for a few deep sea sounding lines with which the bottom may be reached. The general appearance of the locality points to the supposition that the hole has been the crater of an extinct volcano, which must have been of no ordinary magni- tude." THE Border Pott states that Mr. J. T Fallon, the proprietor of the Murray Valle; Vineyard, has secured the services of Mons Frere, who has had many years of experienc in the wine-growing and brandy-dietillatioi districts of France. On the first of May las this gentleman distilled fifty gallons of brandi from wine made from the grapes grown on tb Murray Valley Vineyard last season, am though it had not thoroughly completed thi process of fermentation, yet the results, s< far, were highly satisfactory. The still uset is one of the ordinary description, hut thi process of distillation was directed in aocor dance with the practice pursued in Cognac SampleB are in course of preparation for exhi hition at the Melbourne Intercolonial am Philadelphia International Exhibitions. Thea include-1. The pure spirit aa it ran from thi still, which ie 15 deg. over proof. 2. Th spirit prepared as palo brandy and rectified t proof Btrength. 3. The spirit prepared a dark brandy, also rectified to proof strength 4\. The pure spirit as prepared by the un skilled last year. Besides these samples, fo the purpose of comparison, M. Frere nos als samples of Hennessy'* pale, Mid MartelT dark brandies, and notwithstanding the age a the foreicn spirits is three years, and thi Murray Valley only six weeks, thc latter com pared very favourably. So far the distillatioi is purely experimental, and only for exhibitioi purposes. SOME interesting particulars aro publishei by thc Bendigo independent in reference to th re-appearance of a destructive Bpecies of worm whose devestations amongst the gum trees o the Kamarooka State Forest attracted som attention last year. The' journal alluded ti states :-" Lost year these pests, wbiob ari very much like an ordinary silkworm, ant produce something like silk, denuded a patel of box five miles long hy a mile wide, bu they made their appearance two months later This year they have appeared on the whit* gum, which is supposed at this season to bi more succulent. They are peculiar in theil habits, and coil leaves almost like the chrysalis and it would appear probable, from observation thatthey deposit "tbegrain" here, andthecater pillar eatB its way out. Soon after denuding thi trees they commence spinniug, enveloping th< naked boughs with what appeared to us-foi we have seen a sample of it-to be pure silk. Last year Mr. Warren sent some to th< i Inspector of State Forosts, at Mount Macedor 1 Nursery, who submitted them to savants ii I Melbourne. Drawings were takou, and thc i caterpillar was pronounced to be of a perfect)¡ ucw order, unknown previously. When the members nf the forest board visited the foreel last summer, they observed thc destruction , which was then apparent, and consented to ; allow the esplines licenses to be issued, undei the impression that they would be no further good. In the heat of summer, however, the trees, many of them, put forth luxuriant foliage again, but the depredations of the caterpillars must, it is conjectured, stunt theil growth." THC Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant , Creek News hos not a very high opinion ol the men at the Corner :-"Two thousand one hundred pounds in dividends declared in oue week in the quiet little village of Creswick. Creswick years ago was voted OB worked out completely. No one presumed to explain why, but the mere ipse dixit of a parcel of ' miners ' of the Ballarat Corner stamp so pronounced judgment, and their word was law. These fellows, without the pluck of a shrimp or the , knowledge of a schoolboy, did the croaking, [ and others followed suit. Thc result hos, ] over and over again, been observed tlie utter abandonment of promising mining . centres, the consequntfallingoffin the yield of ; gold, thoBcarcityofwork, ana,asasequcnce,the 1 want of bread in many, many cases ; yet the real, the iona fide miner-the mau who takes off his coat and lifts pick and shovel-has gene on quietly in some piases, and hence thc Kingston success. If three-fourths of the men who smoke bod tobacco and shake dice About the Ballarat Corner were to do as they ought to do-go to work as miners-things would be different in a little while. As it ia now, thc bare idea of a man who cannot, per- haps, write his own name or spell out thc letters printed on a share certificate, aud who cannot raise a £1 bank note, setting himself up os a mining speculator and authority, and writing himself down as a broker, is farcical, and what is more, disgraceful as it becomes humiliating." ' I Mu. MITCHEL'S NEWSPAI'ER.-AB a speci- men of the late Mr. Mitchel's newspaper literary style, the following may be quoted from his paper, 'United Irishmen,' April, 1S4S. It was in the form of a letter to " His Excellency the Earl of Clarendon, Her Majesty's Detective General, High Com- missioner of Spies, and General Suborner of Ireland":-"As for mc, my lord, you have been told that I am mad, a dangerous lunatic, laliouring under cacO'thes serihendi. Do not believe it. I am merely possessed with a rebellious spirit, and I think I have a mission, to bear a hand in the fina! destruction of the bloody old British Empire, the greedy car- nivorous old monster that has lain eo long like a load upon the heart and limbs of England, and drank thc blond and sucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Against that empire of bell s thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen shriek nightly for vengeance, vengeance ! To help this grand | work of necessity and mercy is my highest ambition on earth ; And I know no better way to do it than to make Ireland armed for battle. So be it. It is a grateful and blessed sound this cry. 'The people are arming,' Thauk God, they are arming ! Yoong men every- where in Ireland begin to lora the clear glancing of thc steel, to cherish their dainty rillcs as tho very apple of their eyes. I expect no justice, no courtesy, no indulgence from you ; and if you get me within your power, I entreat you to show me no mercy, as J, so help I um Cod, would show none to you !" ' 