A TALE OF THE PAST. By L. M. Child. Ir was a long, long time ago, before the flame of gaB was seen in the streets, or the Bounds of the railroad were heard in the land ; so long (before, that, had any prophet then liviDg foretold such -magical doings, he would have been deemed .'a fit inhabitant of Bedlam. In those primitive times, the Widow Lawton was considered a rich woman, though her income wonld not go far toward clothing a city fashionable in these days. She owned a convenient house on the sea-shore, some twelve or fifteen miles from Cape Ann ; she cultivated fen acres of sandy soil, and had a well-tended fish-flake a quarter of a mile long. To own an extensive fish-lake was, in that neighbourhood, a sure sign of being well to do in the world. The process of transmuting it into money was slow and cirouitous ; but those were not fast days. The fish were to be oanght, and cleaned, and salted, aod spread on the flake, and turned day after day till thoroughly dry, Then they were paoked, and sent in vessels to Maryland or Virginia, to be exchanged for .flour or tobacco ; then the tobacco or flour were sold in foreign ports, and silks, muslins and other artioles of -luxury prooured with, the money. The Widow Lawton was a notable, stirring e woman and it was generally agreed that no < one in that region kept a sharper look out for i the main chance. Nobody sent better fish to i market; nobody had such good luck- in hiving i bees ; nobody could spin more knots of yarn in a day, or weave such handsome table-cloths. | Great was her store of goodies for the winter. I The smoke- house was filled with hams, and < the ceiling of the kitcheh was festooned with i driedapples and pumpkins. In summer, there 1 was a fly-oage suspended from the centre. It was made of bristles, in a sort of basket-work, in whioh were arranged bits of red, yellow and green woollen |cloth tipped with honey. Flies, deceived by the fair appearance, sipped the honey, and remaied glued to the wollon ; their blaok bodies serving to set of ff the bright colours to advantage. In those days a cage was considered a very genteel ornament for a New England kitchen. Rich men sometimes have their coats of arms sketched on the floor in coloured crayons, to be effaced in one night by the feet of dancers. The Widow Lawton ornamented her kitchen floor in a manner as ephemeral, thongh less ex pensive. Every afternoon it was strewn with white sand from the beach, and marked all over with the broom in a herring-bone pattern ; a very suitable ooat of arms for the owner of a fish-flake. In the parlour was an ingrained carpet, the admiration and envy of the neigh bourhood. A large glass was surmounted by a gilded eagle upholding a chain — prophetic of the principal employment of the bird of freedom for three quarters of century there after. In the (Franklin fireplace, tall brass - andirons, 'brightly burnished, gleamed through a feathery forest of asparagus, interspersed with scarlet berries. The high, mahogany case of drawers, grown black with time, and lustrous with much waxing, had innumerable greatdrawersand little drawer aall resplendent with brass ornaments, kept as bright as new gold. The Widow was acustomed to say, " It takes a good deal of elbow-grease to keep everything trig and shiny ; " and though she was by no means sparing of her own, the neat and thriving condition of the household and the premises was largely owing to Ghole, her slave and servant-of-all-work. When Chloe was a babe strapped on her mother's shoulders, they were. stolen from Africa and packed in a ship, What became of her mother Bhe knew not. How' the 'Widow Lawton obtained the right to make her work from morning till night without wages, Bhe never inquired. It had always been so, ever since she could remember and she had heard the minister say again and again, that it was an ordination of Providence. She did not know what ordination was or who. Providence was; but sbe had a vagu idea that both were up in the sky, and that she had nothing to do but Bubmit to them. So year after year she patiently cooked the meals, and weeded the garden, cut and dried the apples, and scoured the brasses, and sanded the floor in herring-bone pattern, and tended the £sh- flake till the profitable orop of the Bea was ready for market. There was a melancholy expression in the eyes of poor ignorant Chloe, which seemed to indicate that there might he in her soul a fountain that was deep, though it was sealed with the heavy stone of slavery. Carlyle said '.of a dog... that howled , at the moon, " He would , haye ; been a poet,: if he could have found' a ' publisher." And Chloe, though she never thought about the Infinite, was sometimes 'impressed with, a feeling of its mysterious presence, as she walked forth and back tending the fish'-flake ; with the sad Bong of the "sea ;for ever reso'onding in her ears, and a glittering orb of light sailing through .'the; great. 'blue "arch over her head and at evening sinking into the waves amid a gorgeous drapery of clouds. When the moon looked ou the sea, the sealed fountain within her soul was strangely stirred. The shadow of rocks on the beach the white sails of fish ing-boats glimmering in the distance, the everlasting sighing of the sea, made her think of ghosts ; though the oppressive feeling never shaped itself into words, except in the state ment, "I 'bo sort o' feared o' moonlight." So poor Chloe paced her small round upon the earth, as uucouscious as the ant in her molehill that she was whirling round among the stars. The extent of her moral development was that it| was her duty to obey her mistress and believe- all the minister said. She had often been told that was sufficient for her salvation, and she supposed it was so. But the dream that takes possession of young hearts came to Chloe also ; though in her case it proved merely the shadow of a dream, or a dream of a shadow. On board of one of the sloops that carried fish to Baltimore was a free coloured man, named Jim Saunders. The first time she saw him, she thought his large brown eyes w.ere marvellously hand, some, and that he had a very pleasant way oi speaking to her. She always watched for the ship in which he came, and was verj particular to have on a clean apron when shi was likely to meet him. She looked at her owr .eyes iu a bit of broken looking-glass, anc wondered whether they seemed as'' handsomi to him as his did to her. In her own opinioi Bhe had rather pretty eyes, and was not mis taken.; for the Scriptural description, " black 'but comely," was applicable to her. Jim ha< never told her so, but she had somehov roceived an impression that perhaps hi thought so. Sometimes he helpod her tun the fish on the flake, and afterward walkei with her along the heacb, as she wended her.. way homeward. On such occasions there was a happy sound in tbe_song of- the sea, and he'r heart seemed to dance up in sparkles, like the waves kissed by the sunshine. It was the first free, strong emotion she had ever ex perienced, and it sent a glow through the cold dulness of her lonely life. Jim went away on a long voyage. He said perhaps he should be gone two years; The evening before he sailed, he walked with Chloe on the beach ; and when he bade her good-bye, he gave her a pretty little pink shell, with a look that she never forgot. She gazed loDg after him, and felt flustered when he turned round and Baw her watching him. As he passed round a rock that would conceal him from her sight, he waved his cap towards her, and she turned homeward, murtfiuriijg to herself, "He didn't say nothin' ; but he looked just as ef he toante'd, to say suthing." On that look the poor hungry heart fed itself. -It was the one thing in the world that was her own, that nobody could take from her — the memory of a look. Time passed on, and Chloe went her rounds, from house-service to the field, and from field- service to the fish-flake. The Widow Lawton had strongly impressed upon her mind that the Scripture said, "Six days shalt thou work." On the Sabbath no out-door work was carried on, for the Widow was a careful observer of sstablished forms ; but there were so. many, chores to be done inside the house, that Chloe vas oa her feet moBt of the day, excepting rvhen she was dozing in a dark corner of the meeting-house gallery, while the Reverend Mr. Gordonmammon explained the difference eetween justification and sanctification. Chloe didn't understand it, any more than she fid the moaning of the sea ; and the continuous sound without significance had the Bame tendency to lull her to sleep. ' But she regarded the minister with great awe. It never entered her mind that he belonged to the same species as herself. She supposed God had sent him into the world with special instructions to warn sinners; and that sinners were sent into the world to listen to and obey him. Her visage lengthened visibly whenever she saw him approaching with his cocked hat and ivory-headed cane. He was something far-off and mysterious to her imagination, like the man .in the moon ; and it never occurred to her that he might enter ns a disturbing element into the narrow sphere of her humble affairs. But so it was destined to be. The minister was one of the nearest neigh, hours, and not unfrequently had occasion to negotiate with the Widow Lawton concerning the enring of hams in her Bmoke-house, or the exchange of pumpkins for dried fish. When their business was transacted, the Widow usually asked him to "stop and take a dish o' tea ; " and he was inclined to accept the in vitation, for he particularly liked the flavour of her doughnuts and pies. On one of these ocoasions, he said : " I hare another matter of business to speak with you about, Mrs. Lawton — a matter nearly connected with my temporal interest and convenience. My Tom has taken it into his head that he wants a wife, and he is getting more and more uneasy about it. Last night he strayed off three miles to see Black Dinah. Now if he gets set in that direction, it will make it very inconvenient lor me ; tor it will take mm a good deal ot time to go forth and back, and I may happen to. want him when he is out of the way. But if you would consent to have him marry your Chloe, I oould easily summon him if I stood in need of him." "I can't say it would be altogether con venient," replied Mrs. Lawton." He'd be coming here often, bringing mud or dust into the house, and he'd be very likely to take Chloe's mind off from her work." "There need be no trouble on that score," said Mr. Gordonmammon. " I should tell Tom he must never come here except on Saturday eveningB, and that he must return early on Sunday morning. My. good woman has taught him to be so oareful about his feet, that he 'will bring no mud or dust into your house. His board will cost you nothing for he will come after supper and leave before breakfast ; and perhaps you may now and then find it handy ;for him to do a chore for you." Notwithsta'nding these arguments the Widow still seemed rather disinclined to the arrangement. ' She fearod that some moments of Chloe's time might thereby be lost to her. The miuister rose, and said, with much gravity : " When a pastor devotes his life to the spiritual welfare of his flock, it would seem reasonable that the parishioners should -feel some desire to'serve his temporal interests in return. But since you are unwilling to ac comodate me in this small matter, I will bid you good evening, Mrs. Lawton." The solemnity of his manner intimidated the widow, and she hastened to say : " Of course I am always happy to oblige you, Mr-. Gordonmammon ; and siuce you have set your mind on Tom's having Chloe, I have no ob jection to your speaking to her about it." The minister at .once proceeded to the kitchen. Chloe, who was carefully instructed to use up every scrap of time for the benefit of her mistress, had seated herself to braid rags for a carpet, as soon as the tea things were disposed of. The entrance of the minister into her apartment surprised her, for it was very unusual. She rose, made a profound courtesy, and remained standing. " Sit down, Chloe ! sit down !" said he with a condescending wave of his hand. " I have come to speak to you about an important matter. You have heard me read from the Scriptures that marriage is honourable. You are old enough to be married; and it is right and proper you should be married. My Tom wants a wife, and there is nobody I should like so well for him as you. I will go home and send Tom to' talk with you about it." Chloe looked very much frightened, and exclaimed : "Please don't, Massa Gordon mammon. I don't want to be married." " But it's right and proper you should be married," rejoined the minister ; " and Tom i wants a wife. It is your duty, Chloe, to do whatever your minister and your mistress tell i you to do." i That look from Jim came up as a bright \- vision before poor Chloe, and she burst into s tears. i " I will come again when your miud is in a 1 state more suited to your condition," said the i minister. " At present your disposition seems i to be rebellious. I will leave you to think of \- what I have said." , But thinking made Chloe /' still more 1 rebellious. Tom was fat aGd stupid, with t thick lips, and small, dull-looking eyes. He i compared very unfavourably with her bright i and handsome Jim. Sho swayed back and 1 j forth', and groaned. She thought over all the paVtioulars.of that laBt walk on the beach, and murmured .to herself, "He looked jest as ef . he wanted to say suthin.' " She thought of Tom and groaned again; and underlying all her confusion of thoughts there was a miserable feeling that, if the minister and her mistress both said she must " marry Tom, there was no help tor it. The next day she slashed and slammed round in an extraordinary manner. She broke a mug and a bowl, and sanded the floor with a general conglomeration of scratches, instead of the neat herring' bone on which she usually prided herself. It was the only way she had to exercise her . free-will in its desperate \- struggle with necessity. Mrs. Lawton, who never thought; of her in any other' light than as a 'machine, did not know what to, make of these singular proceed ings. " What upon airth ails you ? " ex claimed she. "I do believe the- gal's gone crazy/ , Chloe paused in ber harum-scarum sweep ing, and said with a look and tone almost defiant, " I don't want to marry Tom." "But the minister wants you to marry," re plied Mrs. Lawton, "and you ought to mind the minister." Chloe did not dare to dispute that assertion, but she dashed her broom round in the sand, in a very rebellious manner. "Mind what you're about, gal ! " exclaimed Mrs. Lawton'f 1 I am not going to put up with such tantrums." Chloe was acquainted with the weight of her mistress's hand, and she moved the broom around in a more systematic fashion; but there was a tempest raging in her soul. In the course of a few days the minister visited the kitchen again, and found Chloe Btill averse to his proposition. If his spiritual ear had been delicate, be would have noticed anguish in her pleading tone, when she said : "Please Massa Gordongammon, don't say nothin' moro 'bout it. I don't want to be married." But his spiritual ear was not delicate ; and her voice sounded to him merely aB that of a 'refractory wench, who was behaving in a manner very unseemly and un grateful in a bond-woman who had been taken from the heathen round about, and brought under the guidance of Christians. He therefore assumed his sternest look when he said : "I supposed you' knew it was your duty to obey whatever your minister and your' mistress tells you. The Bible says, 'He is the minister of God unto you.' It also says, ' Servants obey your masters in all things ' ; and your mistress stands to you in the place of your deceased master. How are you going to account to God for your dis obedience to His commands ?" Chloe, half frightened and half rebellious, replied, "I don't think Missis would like it, it you made Miss Katy marry somebody when she said she didn't want to be married." " Chloe, it is very presumptuous in you- to talk in that way," rejoined the minister. "Thero is no similarity between your condition and that of your young mistress. You are descended from Ham, Chloe ; and Ham was accursed of God on account of his sin, and his posterity were ordained to be servants ; and the Bible says, ' Servants, obey your masters in all things ' ; and it says that the minister is a ' minister of God unto you.' You were born among heathen and brought to a laud of (juspei privileges ; ana you ongut 10 oo grateful that you have protectors capable of teaching you what to do. Now your mistress wants you to marry Tom, and I want you to marry him ; and we expect that yon will do as we bid you, without any more words. I will come again, Chloe, though you ought to feel ashamed of yourself for giviug your minister so much trouble about such a trifling matter." Receiving no answer, he returned to the sitting room to talk to Mrs. Lawton. Chloe, like mo9t people who are alone much of their time, had a confirmed habit of talking to herself;' and her soliloquies were apt to be rather promiscuous and disjointed. "Trifling matter 1 " said she. "S'pose it's trifling matter to you, Massa Minister. Ugh ! S'pose they'll make me. Don't know nothin' 'bout Ham. Nevor hearn toll o' Ham afore, only ham in tho smoke- house. If ham's cussed in the Bible, what fur do folks eat it ? Hearn Missus read in the . Bible that the Divil went into the swine. Don't'se what fur I must' marry Tom 'cause Ham was cussed for his sin." 'She was silent for a while, and, being unable to bring any order 7out of tho chaos of her thoughts, she turned them to wards a more pleasant subject, "He didn't say nothin',' murmured she; "but he looked jest ns ef he vjunted to say suthin'." The tender expression of those great brown eyes came before her again, and she laid her hoad down on the table and sobbed. Her protectors, as they styled themselves, never dreamed that she had a heart. In their thoughts she was merely a bondwoman taken from the heathen, and consigned to their keeping for their 'uses. - (To be concluded in our next. J 