LITERATURE. FOR EARTHLY PASSIONS' SAKE. BY DONALD, AUTHOR OF "SCRIPOPOLIS," ETC., ETC CHAPTER VI. THE BEARDED HORROR SEPTIMIUS DEPORTS HIMSELF HEROICALLY—A NIGHT IN A CELL—A FEARFUL DISCOVERY—THE BEARDED HORROR—DAYLIGHT BREAKS—THE SCENE IN THE COURT—TRIED TO THE UTTERMOST—WADY'S FIRST LIE. Septimius and Jerry were followed to the lock- up by as large a crowd as ever collected to witness an arrest in Melbourne. The extra- ordinary appearance of the prisoners no doubt was the cause, although the strange behaviour of Septimius added to the excitement. He harangued the constable in exceedingly shady Latin, but that worthy quietly told him to ' shut up,' and that he would have none of his gammon.' Numerous were the inquiries as to the identity of the prisoners and their crime, to which the con- stable only vouchsafed sage nods of the head. Whereupon an impression spread that they were a pair of murderers. The sagacious part of the crowd were not slow in discovering that Septimius had the face of a homicide ; indeed, one elderly gentleman remarked that, if it were not the nine- teenth century, people could righteously assert that he was a Faust, and Jerry his Mephisto- pheles. Jerry's teeth chattered, and during the middle passage he loudly implored the " genty- men to save a poor fellow. The conduct of the pair, howeverr, was charitably set down by the public and the police to artful dissimulation, suiting the well-known characters of Tom Walker, alias Schoolmaster Tom, and Jemmy the Black- fellow. In accordance with this, the unfortunate culprits were quietly transferred to a large cell, where an inebriate snored the happy time away. 'I give you notice,' said Septimius gravely, as he was being thrust into the cell, 'that I will begin an action, ad captandum in medias res, against you all, severally, individually, and col- lectively, et eat hog genius.' ' Did you call me a hog?' asked the lock-up keeper in a rage. 'Put that down, Mike Delaney' agin we have him up to-morrow. Assaultin' and abusin' a constable of Her Majesty.' 'Nay, friend,' said Septimius ; but ere he could say another word the lock was turned, and he was shut in. ' Berry bad,' said Jerry, with a groan ; ' what white fellow do ? Him kill us ?' ' Baal,' was Septimius's reply, for he accom- modated himself to his company occasionally. To-morrow, Jerry, I will decimate these rude Scythians with a Venus, Vidi, Vincit.' 'O, Masser Wady, Wasser Wady !' cried Jerry; where you sit down, Masser Wady ?' 'Nay, lament not, gentle Ethiopian,' said Sep- timius; 'nor cry 'unto Wady, who now revelleth in the bosom of his Pythias, Rainey. Lie down, Jerry, and forget thy sorrow in somnambulistic sleep.' But Jerry could not sleep. He crept closer to Septimius, for, to his rude imagination, the cell was tenanted with shapeless spectres, '.debbil- dibbils' grinning in every corner. And so the night wore away, Septimius starting from sleep oc- casionally to address some consolatory Latin to his companion, the drunken man joining in with a chorus of blasphemy. Just before daylight the cell door opened, and the lock-up keeper entered. Two policemen pushed in a burly man, in whom Septimius at once recognised his acquaintance of the previous day, the gentleman who was so anxious about the fate of the ' leetle dorg.' 'In wid you,' said the policeman, ' you schamin' villain; 'tis you we've been lookin' for this long time. In wid you, Blinkin' Joe, and it will be a trifle of time before you see the outside of a gaol again, my fine bird. Believe me, now you're caught, it'll be 'safe bind, safe find.' 'An' what about his ' leetle dorg ?' asked one of the policemen with a grin. 'He'll have to find another master,' was the humorous reply. The man said nothing to this; only grinned diabolically. 'I denounce him,' cried Septimius, loftily, ' as the man who inveigled myself and this innocent child of nature into the accursed cabaret, where we were fleeced of the £10 note our master gave us.' 'None of your gammon,' cried the lock-up keeper; 'it's well-known you're pals, and have been. So you two can spend the remainder of the night together.' And he shut the door with a vicious bang. 'Monster of iniquity,' cried Septimius ' incubi- of the incubi, see whereunto thou has brought two poor children of the bush. I prithee, as thou knowest the guilelessness of our hearts, give thy word that we were swindled.' Scroogs whistled, and then in a mock, hypocri- tical tone drawled out ' 'Ave yer, seen a leetle dorg?' 'Friend,' said Septimius ; ' if thou bearest testi- many to the innocency of our hearts, truly will I assist thee in searching for the little canine; the case of which troubleth thine heart, for which feeling I honour thee.' The man laughed loudly, and muttered some- thing about fools of a sanguinary colour. Jerry and Septimius groaned. The gallows appeared before them. As the dawn came in through the bars, Jerry began to gaze fixedly upon Joe Scroogs. A puzzled look stole into his black face, and for a while he seemed in deep thought. At last, seizing the hand of Septimius, he cried: 'You lookee there. Baal you spot him—him Bearded Horror. 'Septimius looked narrowly at the ruffian, and a light broke in upon him. 'The Bearded Horror,' said he, with surprised, 'so it is, but he weareth no beard now. O, High Heaven! That I and even thee, child of nature, should spend a night in the prison cell with the Bearded Horror, ay, the Murderer, whose crimes are blacker than thy skin, Jerry. Avast, Thing of Horror, Demon of Destruction, Anathemum Maranathemum !' The man seemed startled and fiarly taken aback. The deep hue of his face for a few moments changed, giving way to a ghastly white, the more pallid because the light of dawn shone upon him. But the hardened ruffian soon recovered himself, Glancing at Jerry and Septimius as if he could have annihilated them, he spoke : 'Just you let that name out, and by G — — I'll kill you.' 'Horror in human form,' cried Septimius ; ' I will denounoe thee to man and Heaven, if death followed de morteus dolendem.' ' Not you,' said the man with singular emphasis, 'Do you love Wady Shadforth?' 'Why asketh thou that question,' cried Sep- timius ; why should thy impure lips form the name of a being so pure and good ? Contaminatue, contaminatus.' ' Because,' said Joe, ' because I have him in my power. I could break his heart to morrow.' Septimius stared at him aghast. 'Ask himself,' said Joe, carelessly. . ' If me have you longa bush,' said Jerry, 'me kill you.' 'You tried it once, you black bully' said Joe. 'but it didn't come off. My advice is for you to keep quiet, and Wady will come to take you out. Believe my word, he'll take me out too.' 'Never,' cried Septimius, ' thou wilt rot in gaol until they hang you on the highest gibbet in the city.' 'Old man,' said the Bearded Horror, ' you'd better listen to what I say, if you regard your master.' 'Regard my master,' cried poor Septimius, ' who says I do not love and regard him as I do the Deity. O that Wady were here. Sorrorum cum sorrorum.' The Bearded Horror said nothing in reply. The sun rose, and its beams soon found their way into the cell, revealing the four occupants cold and ghastly, with bloodshot eyes. The drunkard rose with fevered tongue, and swore loudly for drink. The Bearded Horror took things passively; he was no novice in this kind of thing. Jerry felt warmed and cheered by the sunbeams, so loved by the aboriginal. About half past 9 o'clock the door opened, and Wady, escorted by a policeman, entered. In a moment Jerry and Septimius were hugging him, kissing his hands, clutching his garments, dancing and capering with joy. Never was the rising of the sun so welcome to the belated traveller as was Wady's appearance to these poor creatures. Wady himself looked miserable. His face was pale and drawn in, and there were great circles around his eyes. He had had no sleep. Misery, abject misery was depicted in his face and ap- pearance. He had risen early in the morning, and had read in the Telegraph the sensational account of the arrest of Septimius and his companions, with the statement that they asserted their real names to be these, whereas in reality they were such and such, so well known to the police. Wady at once understood the real aspect of the case, and hur- ried to town to set matters right. Were even his poor followers to be doomed to trouble? Septimius had no time to explain the affair when the Bearded Horror came up to Wady, and sald to him in a low voice that he wished to speak, with him. Wady glanced at the man, and then recoiled as if a deadly serpent were at his feet. But the Bearded Horror — he did look a horror now — was not a bit startled. He repeated his request in a low but firm tone. And Wady followed him to a corner of the cell, and held a low conversation with him. They were interrupted by the constable. ' Time's up,' said that individual; ' the Court's ready. Come along now. The Melbourne Police Court was filled as usual with the dregs of the population. That morning a great crowd of the unwashed attended to have a glimpse of the well known hero, Tom Walker. The Court room smelt abominably, of course. On the Bench sat three police magistrates, and not a few J.P.'s. These gentlemen resemble carrion crows ; they smell evil from afar, and although on ordinary occasions, when there are no great criminals to judge, they are conspicuous by their absence, whenever any great member of the tribe of evil is in the dock there is an inconvenient crush on the Bench. There was no little bustle when the case of Thomas Walker, alias Schoolmaster Tom, and Jemmy the Blackfellow was called upon. But when the prisoners made their appearance, certain habitues of the Court were disgusted to find that the man sees not their old friend. The proceedings were, brief enough. Wady got into the witness-box, and made the case clear. One of the detectives who knew Schoolmaster Tom also gave evidence, and the prisoners were discharged. 'Your Lordships,' said Septimius as he was leaving the dock, ' if I might objurgate, con- observationis——' 'Come down,' cried the sergeant. Septimius came down in reality. He missed his footing, and rolled headlong on to the matting, the pyramidal hat sustaining vast damage, and his head meeting with a severe contusion. There was a roar of laughter in the Court when he stood up and rubbed his head and hat dolefully. Wady did not leave the Court. He sat on a form, and leaned his head on his hand, as if utterly worn out and broken down. Presently Tom the Bilker, alias some fifteen other names, was called upon, and as he appeared, in the dock a suppressed murmur of satisfaction and admiration went around the Court. The case against him seemed clear enough. It came out that the person who informed against him was the very hotelkeeper with whom he had refused to go shares. A grim smile stole over the worthy's face when this fact was elicited. 'Please your Worships,' said the Bearded Horror, when the case for the prosecution was over, ' this is all a mistake. I'm a respectable man, and just down from the country. It's all mistaken identity. I can call a highly respectable gentleman who knows me well, and can bear tes- timony as to who I am. Is Mr. Shadforth here ?' ' Yes,' said Wady, rising and going towards the witness-box. What a contrast was that pale, handsome boy to the disreputable crowd in the Court ! He was like the god Apollo just dropped down amongst some Ægean fishermen. The Bench listened respectfully and attentively to the wealthy and responsible witness. They always listen respectfully to such witnesses. And for the first time in his life Wady Shad- forth told a lie, at least he fenced with truth. He knew this man, his name was not any of those which appeared in the charge; he was respectable; had been in his employ ; had been a servant at Tarara. The police rubbed their eyes at this. Sep- timius and Jerry opened theirs very wide. Could they be mistaken? the police asked themselves anxiously enough. No— that was the man. But the Bench did not agree with them. A respectable wealthy man like Wady Shadforth, Esq., of Tarara, could not be mistaken — could not have any object in taking the part of this man. Besides he offered substantial bail for him. The Bench were of opinion that the charge had not been proved ; nay, they reflected severely on the principal witness, the publican, and they con- cluded by discharging the prisoner in his own recognisance to appear when called upon ! The police asked themselves if they heard aright. The wicked landlord slunk like a beaten hound out of court, fancying he heard the prisoner's laughter all the way. It was no joke for the landlord. He knew he was now a marked man. The spectators fancied they saw on the pri- soner's face a grim jocular smile. ' I knew it,' said Jerry, as he and Septimius fought their way out of court ; ' I beel sure oft — de debbil-debbil sit all about here. 'Truly, son of the wilderness, I am inclined to conjugate with you there — conjugatibus, marvel- libus. Verily, I know not whether this is myself or not. Feel me Jerry, to see if of a verity I have been transformed into an ass — asinissimus transmigraformus.' Wady Shadforth passed out of the court with a still heavier shadow on his face, looking upon himself as the meanest and most contemptible of the things that crowd upon the face of the earth. Where and when was all this end ? Where was Rainey ? How he wished he was back in the old forests of Tarara, near his beloved sister, to receive con- solation and comfort from her, yet he dared not tell her what he had done. And there was another female face that now haunted his mind. CHAPTER VII. THE WORKING OF THE SPELL. THINKING—A LOVED HAND REMOVES THE DREAM— LUNCHEON AT SCOTTS—THE SHADOW APPEARS AGAIN— ON THE BL-CK—SOPHIA PLAYS WITH EDGE TOOLS THE SHADOW ON THE TRACK—A FORECAST OF WHAT IS TO COME. Wady spent a few gloomy hours at Scott's hotel, reflecting on his position, and wondering what he ought to do. He had come down to Melbourne to enjoy the society of his friend, but such a terrible crisis had taken place in his existence, and so many dangers were hanging over him that it seemed best to escape them if possible and seek in the seclusion of Tarara an asylum. There a dear sister would sympathise with and advise him what to do. He felt that a great epoch in his fate was impending. His erring brother, whose conduct had clouded the early part of his life, had returned like some dreadful ghost of the past to torment him. He knew that ere long the storm would burst, and his own fate must be a dark one. He only dreaded the coming tumult for the change it would make in his poor sister's fate. Why should the innocent and the guiltv suffer alike ? And Rainey! He had absolutely given to the spectre rouge of his life the means to defraud Rainey of the love of the woman who was so dear to him. Yet how could he help it ? While thus thinking, nature ass erted her rights, and sleep came upon him. He was awakened by a hand affectionately laid, on his head. Looking up he saw his dear Rainey bending over him. 'Rainey, how glad I am,' said Wady with a sigh of pleasure; 'I was so miserable. " 'Bah ! said Rainey ; 'why make your life misery, my dear boy. Why not take a pattern by me? I know nothing of misery ; I live for the day and its pleasures; I do not look for- ward ; I do not conjure up the phantom forms of beings in the dim Future. They will come in time sufficient.' ' True,' said Wady ; ' but what if these beings are not far off; but cast their shadows already on the path, soon to follow themselves in all their horror.' 'Let them,' said Rainey. ' People like you resemble persons who anticipate the twilight when the sun is rising. While the sun shines let as enjoy the daylight ; it is time enough to walk in darkness when the night comes.' ' But, dear Rainey, you do not know all the mysteries of my past life.' 'I don't want to know them ; I know they are terrible. Forget them in the present. Enjoy life with me, dear old Wady. We are young, let us be happy as befits the young.' Wady sighed. Ah! that he had half the spirits of his young friend. He little knew that as dark a cloud was hang- ing over Rainey, and under his boyish gaiety there was as deep a sorrow as that which lay upon his own life. ' Come, old fellow,' said Rainey, with his magic laugh, ' let us to lunch, and then we will travel. A bottle of Moet and Chandon will raise your spirits and dissipate your gloom.' Wady had to obey the gay, rattling young fel- low. He tidied himself up, and went down to the lunch-room. As usual at that time of day, it was full of bankers, squatters, and merchants, intent on the midday meal, talking away on all kinds of subjects. Wady turned pale when he noticed Henry sitting amid a prominent group, a bottle of champagne close to his plate. He was splendidly dressed, a costly gold chain crossed his spotless white waistcoat, diamonds glittered in his studs and solitaire, and in the ring on his finger sparkled a precious gem. The £2,000 had been invested. He was evidently the observed of all observers. His face did not move a muscle when he observed Wady. As there were no seats except close to Henry, Wady and Rainey had to seat themselves near him. Consequently they were compelled to hear a good deal of the conversation which passed be- tween him and his companions. ' Then yon have resolved to settle down here ?' observed one to Henry. 'No, my dear fellow, not exactly to settle down; I have merely hired a villa at Brighton just for a few months. A fellow can't live in hotels, when he's been accustomed to have his own house. I've taken Willoughby House, near the beach.' 'Beautiful residence.' ' Middling, middling ; nothing like what we have at home and in America.' 'Do you think of buying a station?' asked a banker, who, having one on hand, heavily mort- gaged, was anxious to sell it to some capitalist. ' Don't know,' replied Henry ; haven't quite made up my mind how to invest my capital ! Bother it ! who wants to be troubled with business for a while ? Some Moet, Mr. Passcheque.' ' Thank you.' ' That fellow does it heavy, don't he ?' ob- served Rainey. He had the impudence last night to show marked attentions to Sophia. Fancy his impertinence!' ' Is he wealthy ?' 'I believe so," replied Rainey; 'but wealth won't win Sophia. She's mine, Wady, mine be- yond redemption.' There was a strange significance in his voice ; a deeper meaning than Wady had yet noticed in his tone. He wondered what Rainey meant. It was with pleasure that Wady quitted the luncheon-room and walked out into Collins street. Before he went out he saw his dependants. Septimius was in a very dejected mood. He felt he had entirely failed to prove that he was the finished man about town he had held himself forth to be. In fact, he accused himself of being a fraud, and of imagining he was one of the cha- racters he had read of in books, instead of his plain self. Indeed, he had some glimmering idea that even simple Jerry had his suspicions on the matter. Under these circumstances, he kept what at Tarara the shearers would call a " stiff upper lip," and dealt very cavalierly with poor Jerry, upon whom he cast all the odium of the late faux pas. Jerry had already made up his mind that the Debbil-Debbil had settled down in Melbourne, and he wished to go back to Tarara at onoe. On one point both were mystified—the action of Wady in regard to the Bearded Horror. That fairly settled them. They could not believe the evidence of their senses after that. ' Well, Septimius,' said Wady, with an attempt to be witty, ' you don't want another £10 note ?' ' No, Master Wady,' said the old man, with a doleful expression of face ; ' truly I do not. This city is beyond my comprehension. Why a man who is solicitous for the fate of a dog, though that creature be relationibus humanitas, yet wrongs his fellow creature, caninus superiores, truly my knowledge of human nature avails me not, and I cry peccavi, Septimius Longipedos.' ' Debbil-debbil, massa!' said, Jerry, with a knowing shake of the head.' ' A funny pair,' said Rainey as they passed out. 'Septimius is certainly amusing,' said Wady; 'when I was a boy he was far more rational; but a long spell of loneliness in the bush, with sheep to herd and novels to read, has fairly made him a monomaniac. He has gradually fallen into the hallucination of supposing himself one or more of the favourite characters in novels he has devoured, and although I don't suppose he ever learned even the rudiments of Latin, he supposes himself a first rate classical scholar. But he was the first to teach me to read and write.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 