CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF VICTORIA. A public meeting in connexion with the annual service of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria was held at the Collins-street Congregational Church last evening. There was a large (attendance; The retiring chairman, the Rev. Mr. Legge) introduced the chairman for the ensuing year. The Rev. S. C. Kent delivered an in- augural address. After commenting upon the changes in the church which had taken place during the past year, and alluding to the congregationalmeetings in England, he said, Here everything is new. Within the memory of some to whom I speak the first stone of the first Congregational Church was laid. It was my privilege to be present with you when the first Congregational Union meeting was held in Melbourne, when Mr. Stowe occupied the chair, and Messrs. Fletcher, and Poore, and Miller, and Odell, and Landells, and Sargood, and Fulton, and FOsS sat around him. There has been growth since then, for at that time to hold a Union meeting at all we had to assemble from all the colonies. But, even now we are some really a feeble folk. The Episcopalians,' Presbyterians, and Wesleyans were in this field long before us, and greatly excel us in the number, influence, and wealth of their adherents. Undoubtedly we have duties in relation to the ever- increasing population around us duties the magnitude of which we have scarcely realised j nevertheless we are not exclusively responsible for the spread of the gospel in this land. in proportion to our numbers, intelligence, possessions, and opportunities we are answerable, but only in such proportion. Those who, in every sense, are stronger than we and who for many years had access to the state treasury, have no right to reflect upon the smallness of our doings. We rejoice exceedingly in the great advances which have been made by the churches of other denominations. When we laboured to deprive them of state aid they thought we meant them mischief, but many of them are now willing to acknowledge that we ought to be numbered with their best friends, and they are working the voluntary principle with an earnestness, zeal, and success which should cause us to look to our laurels. We can- not forget that in Victoria state aid to religion expires with 1875. Believing, as we do, that our sister denominations will be stronger, better, wiser, and more powerful than ever, we rejoice exceedingly, although they are all becoming so congregational that there is danger to us last men should fail to perceive any special reason why we should longer exist as a separate and distinct branch of the church. I speak advisedly when I say that some of our leading Presbyterian ministers are prepared seriously to entertain the question of union with us, not, if I rightly understand them, that they expect us to become altogether Presbyterian, nor that they are prepared to become wholly Congregational, but they think that the time is at hand when we might with great advantage deliberate together and draw nearer to each other ; when at least we might, in a college common to us both, educate our students for the ministry ; when we might act in concert in sending out missionaries, not only to the heathen abroad, but also into the neglected portions of our own colony and when, as in America, there might be such an inter- change of pulpits between us, even as to their permanent occupants, that the terms Presbyterian and Congregational should become almost synonymous. The abolition of state aid in these colonies, followed as it was by the disendowment of the Irish Church, is leading on and up to disestablish- ment in England. We have not forgotten the utterances of that sagacious man, the late Dean Alford, in connexion with the centenary anniversary of Cheshunt College. "Weare to be," he said, "Not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. And to my mind, His will has been unmistakably manifested in the free expansion of the Christian conscience is now found among us. It is our duty not to fight against His providence, not to attempt to work our way back to a uniformity which has utterly gone by, but to surrender our miserable jealousies: to accept bravely and frankly the state of things in which God has placed us to walk in the Kingdom of God, and to the house of God, and in society before the world, hand in hand with our Nonconformist brethren. Thus I only shall we of the Church of England be making safe and wise preparation for the day which must soon come upon her. We may, if we please, lower ourselves by ex elusiveness and uncharitableness, so as to become in that day a mere sent among sects ; but we may also, and I hope we shall, so lift in our esteem our Christian brethren around us as to find ourselves, when deprived of the aid of the state, a church among churches." "The Church of the Future," respecting which the lamented Rev. Thomas Binney so wisely wrote in a work we rejoice to claim as an Australian production, may not be precisely like any- one of our existing organisations. The work to be done in this land is so great, and the field so wide, that there is no excuse whatever for jealous rivalry. I had hoped to have been able to have placed before you full statistics, showing, as far as figures can show, the amount of moral and spiritual work to be done, and the proportion of that work which we, as a denomination, might reasonably be expected to undertake. I have found it, however, impossible to obtain from our Government Statistics, or from any other source, the kind of information I re- quired- ice, in such detail and to such an extent as would justify my using it in the way I desire. Our population may be said to be, in round numbers, 800,000, the accommodation in buildings of all descriptions used for public worship under 400,000, and the number of persons usually attending at the principal weekly service under 250,000. The number of Sabbath scholars may be estimated at about £12,000, and the number of their teachers at about 12,000. The number of ministers of all denominations, including theological students, lay and Bible readers, missionaries, catechists, He, is about 700, or about 1 to every 1,150 of the population. About 25,000 arrests are annually made by the police-that is to say, for every 32 persons in the community one arrest is made. In the last year of which we have any complete record, 1873, 101 of those arrested by the police were under 10 years of age ; 745 between 10 and 15 and 1.695 between 15 and 20. The arrests for drunkenness alone amounted to 11,195, The aggregate number of persons who passed through all the gaols in the year under review was 9,82), and the number who passed through all the penal establishments was 1,918. It is probable, however, that some of these were merely transferred from one establishment to another, and therefore that the actual number of distinct prisoners was less than this. The number of suicides is schemes 95. The average number of patients in our lunatic asylums is 2,304. I should have been glad if I could have ascertained the number of places licensed for the sale of intoxicating drinks, the number in which gambling is openly practised, and the number of houses of ill-fame ; but such statistics do not appear to be procurable. The canon of child desertion and infanticide, which for some months past have been brought under our notice by the daily press ; the profane and loud expressions one cannot avoid hearing as one passes along our crowded thoroughfares from the lips of the youth of both sexes, of whom it may be said their throat is an open sepulchre," no fewer than 1238 arrests being made annually for obscene and threaten- ing language; the number of women who i sbamolesBly parade our streets by night and the repeated efforts made by men in high places to secularise the Lord's Day, indicate a state of things amongst us calling for serious consideration, wise consultation, earnest prayer, and well-directed effort. I rejoice to know that from numerous pulpits the gospel is earnestly and faithfully proclaimed; but are the results equal to what we might reasonably anticipate, and have we not occasion to ask, "Is the Lord amongst us or not?" But do we not require an increase of piety in the members, power in the services, and fruit in the labours of our churches J The Bible is a book better found than in the days of our fathers. Its covers are more beautifully wrought, and its edges more tastefully gilded. But is it a book better read? Light reading, as it is called,, is emasculating the intellectual strength of thousands. The immense popularity of trashy books, the prevalence of a tainted and polluting literature, the prominent incidents in which are abominable mysteries of iniquity, denote, too surely, a lack of moral tone and' meditative habit Is there not a tendency, among our young people especially, to seek entertainment night after night away from home, and that sometimes in places and ways exceedingly questionable ? Recreation is fast degenerating into dissipation. Even in religious and varsity meetings, is not the element of amusement largely depended on for success? Ought those things so to be Can money so won for the treasury of the sanctuary compensate for the mischief done ? Have we not reason also to fear that in many instances the difference between those who are openly of the world and those who professedly belong to the church isotope found in this, that the former worship only one god, mammon, and the patter try to worship two, God and mammon? Is it not true, that in the hurry ' and bustle of colonial life, in'the'hot race after wealth, Christian character sadly deteriorates ? Surely I have said enough to convince even the most sceptical that we greatly need an improved state of things.! Whether we consider the lack of spirituality; in the church, or the abounding wickedness in the world, we cannot come to any other conclusion. The question is-' Can we have that which we need ? I have recently read a book published by Hodder and Staughton, entitled J. L. Moody and his Work by Rev. W. H. Daniels, A.M.J Chicago, and I may say that I am no longer astonished at the results of Mr Moody's visit to the British Isles. They are just such as might have been expected in the case of a man so unreservedly consecrated to God, so' full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, and so trained and prepared by Divine Providence and grace for the kind of work to which he is manifestly calle... Neither John the Baptist, nor John the beloved, neither Luther nor Knox, neither Wesley and Whitfield, were more adapted to do the kind of work they did than to this man, who of late has so largely occupied public attention, to do the work for which I believe God has raised him up. Maybe there are some who are disposed to regard revivals with disfavour because of the I excesses and extravagances by which they have sometimes been disfigured, and because, in their judgment, they are comparative novelties in the history of the church. In answer to the first part of this statement, I think it might be successfully maintained that even wild-fire is better than no fire at all, and that the revival of the past two years has been singularly free from objectionable elements; and, in answer to the second, church history shows that re- rivers have occurred in all ages, from the time of the apostles until now, and the Bible provis, both under the Old and New Testa- ment dispensations, that God many times in a remarkable way, by special spiritual influences, agitated His people, and so revived His work. Are not the Acts of the Apostles rich with revival records? Was there not a mighty revival of religion when John the Baptist preached in the Wilderness of Judges, and when there went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptised of him in Jordan, confessing their sins? Ii 2 of are to have a revival of religion, if here, in the ends of the earth, we are to feel the reflex influences of those visitations of love and mercy with which other lands have been favoured-and we surely may-if so, each one of us must begin with himself. The individual must not be merged in the society. Let us, each one of us, and all of us together, wake up for prayer, for work, and for self denying generosity. The address was loudly applauded during its delivery, and at its conclusion the speaker was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. The meeting was closed with prayer. 