IT seems that “ the Major ” does not like the aspect of affairs at the present time. In his innocence, he believed that, he and his - toady, who is paid with a billet, were going to have all the fun to themselves, and they thought that they could bounce the whole community. The calculation was made that no one would care to enter the field of dirty abuse, so well occupied by them, and that they would be able to have the business all their own way. For the benefit of the Tele graph, which is very fond of giving us advice, but which seldom or never finds fault with the coarse and mean, because interested, abuse of our local morning contemporary, we may say, that we were quite willing to discuss, as we always have been, a public question upon its merits. Wo refrained from so much as one word of personal attack upon “ the Major” for a long time, although we knew so much about him, and were quite aware of the way in which he goes to work to win an election for himself or a nominee. It was only, when we found that our policy was misunderstood, when we heard two ex-Ministers abusing the other side, and not being very particular as to what they said, that we found it necessary to accept the challenge, and fight the battle upon personal grounds. Not we, but the other side, chose to put the question thus. The ponde rous organ which has toadied every humbug in town, and is equally at home in Corner dodges and political little games, chose to take, this time, its inspiration from “the Major,” for reasons, : some of which we have made plain, and fell foul of Mr Jones in language which, happily, rarely disgraces the columns of a newspaper in this colony. The natural enquiry of the people of Ballarat was, what right has this precious toady of “ the Major,” on whose side success was at first sup posed to be, to use such language, when the man who pulls the strings could not stand a week’s discussion ? No reason was to be found, save that “ the Major” was at his old games, and had mistaken the, support given to him as an excellent political scavenger, for faith in his abilities as a politician. Why, it is notori ous that even his own most ardent followers do not believe in him. Those who vote for him"as one ready to serve the turn—and him self—never pretend to care what his political opinions may be, but regard him as a useful,' but not elegant'or altogether; agreeable, piece of political furniture. Knowing all these things, and a great many more,; we felt that it was necessary, unpleasant as the task was, to take up the- challenge, that the contest was a' personal one, and' fight the vilifiers and bpuncers bh their own ground. And “ the Major” does not like it Nothing was more agreeable than to almao aMcolleague, who has treated-him far better than he de upon when that-|colleague’s mouthjgwas- shut, : and to pfppagate slanders such as it has seldom been our dot to hear, and vye. have .seen sdme of theHvcMeSt electadn •work: 1 -- So long aA|fiefe was no-feply/so long as the games behind the scenes were not ex posed,-aU.-Was. merry-as-possible, l and-it-did not, strike,, anybody. to .complain.’; But,mo; 'sooner had we opened fire, albeit we" kept .wetf ■ of ( ' and took care not to - might- have been, and may yet have to be, said, than it is discovered that this sort of thing is very wicked, and “ the Major” rather thinks that he 1 will hot stump the district, and backguard.Mr Jones by the way. The- latter gentleman' is, we must say, either very indifferent or very meek. Few men, even in those dark days when the C. E; Jones toadyism was going; on here, have been so foully attacked as he has been, and on such grounds. ; A more utter off truth we never saw,- even in those quarters where truth is very much rarer than fiction, and we are somewhat surprised that he has not dealt with the assertions long ago. We assume, how ever, that his position forces him to hold his' tqpgueior.a few days, 1 but wb! fancy'that #hen he does speak there will be still greater con sternation in the opposing camp. In the meantime, we have found it necessary to speak on behalf of that large portion of the consti tuency which is not going to be bullied by, a little ;knot|of-busy-bodies,: whose; arts are very familiar, and who are not restrained by trifles. The result is, we are aware, very unpleasant to them and their toady, but all we can' recommend them is,‘better manners and some little regard for the truth. With these preli minary requirements of public life, future contests may prove to be more pleasant to . them than the one now going on. When Mr W. C. Smith accepted office one of his trump cards played .at the Theatre Royal and elsewhere was the vehement declaration that he : would;preveut the further'alienation of auriferous lands. We for a time thought he meant what he said. ; We hoped and believed that he would really make a good Minister of Mines, and regretted that'he had not fallen in with a Government that could live and work in the interests ,o£ the .colony.-, Nor can we say that he has not done some good, and might have done more, but we have officially brought under our notice, what at present looks like. a gross breach of his:promise to the electors of Ballarat West, in the matter of the alienation of auriferous lands. AMr Quiriey, son of a hotelkeeper in Geelong, applied to: the Eoke wood Land Board on the 4th August last, under the 19 th sec. of the Land Act, for Lots 36 and 40, parish of Shelford, area about 267 acres, and the board recommended the applica tion. The adjoining land was known to be gold-bearing, and a lead was, supposed .to go through ;the)land Quiney applied for. - 1 Cor respondence with Messrs M'Donell and Nettell, of the Mining Board, was at once opened (6th . August) by miners in Grenville and' Break'o’ Day, requesting the intervention of the Mining Board for the prevention of the threatened alienation, and the secretary of the-board was instructed at the board’s next meeting to communicate with the Minister of Mines, which was done on the 26th August, the Minister being requested to take immediate steps to prevent the issue of a license to Quiney. Mr Smith was then in power and carried-, about; with:- him; the l stern resolve to prevent the -alienation of auriferous lauds. A month from .the .date of the land board recommendation is allowed for objections to be made, and the Mining Board, as we have shown; was to’the fore in the interests of the miners. The Secretary for Mines for the Minister- acknowledged ithe' receipt of the Mining Board protest on the 27th August, aud assured the board that the objection “ will receive prompt consideration.” The Break o’ Day miners watched events and saw by tbe Star report that the Mining Board had been moved in the matter, but one of them, a Mr Grant, put himself in communication with Mr Lorigmore’s 1 Lands ’ Department also, protesting against the issue of a license to Quiney. In reply, on the very day the secretary of. the Mining Board sent its protest to Mr Smith’s department, Mr Longtnore’s department wrote to Mr Grant that tho Mining Department had made ( . no. objection. Upon this Grant at once wrote to' Mr M'Donell, his representative in the Mining ‘Board, urging further action. Mr M'Donell lost no time, :ind on the 7th September the secretary of the Mining. Board, again wrote to Mr Smith’s department, the echoes of the Major’s loud declarations being still audible about Ballarat. In bis letter Mr Bickett stated that the Mining Board “ strongly .pro tests against the issue of the license, and re quests the department to take immediate steps to prevent it.” The board did not rest at that, nor the miners either;’’ and 1 when the board sat on the 27th September the secretary was again instructed to write to the Major’s department, Will it be a whole mouth after that was allowed to elapse before a reply was received 1 Our gallant and much promising friend of the miners gave up the official ghost, and apparently without doing anything in the matter. Meanwhile Quiney was in occupation aud, let us hope, happy, how much soever the. miners had tognashAheir teeth. On Wednesday last, the 27th Octo ber, the secretary of the Mining Board received a letter from the Secretary for Mines, informing Min that the matter had been brought under the notice of the Lands Department, whose reply was that “ as Quiney was in occupation could not-see how it could interfere to prevent the issue, of Ms license.” This is the outcome in that one direction of Major Smith’s guaranty of the interests of the miners in,the of the alienation of auriferous land. As he was the responsible officer, perhaps he will be good enough to explain. We have already shown a sample of Ms patriotism in serving the brother of another of his patriotic band. The patriot Longmore may be to blame, and “ my friend the Majar” be inriocent; but wefeela 'diffiLiilty at present in seeing how both can be good men and true. 