review. ./, .. ; ' The Internal Mission of ike Holy Ghost. By Henry Edward, fJardinal-Archbisbop of Westminster. London : Pickeriug, 1875. Whatever the world may have to say ^against : Cardinal Manning, they cannot charge him with either lack of energy, lack of zeal, orlackofj f aibh. . , Like a good , watchman'of the j Efcerhal; iCity./he neither sleeps nor slumbers at his post, Wesuppose there are few men in this Empire on who3e shoulders a more overwhelming weight of official duties have fallen. Representing the Court of Rome i in 'England, and England in the Court of Rome, . entrusted with the care of the churches, charged(with the responsibilities of a prince, with the daily duties of a priest, and with many works of charity and courtesy arising out of hia ecclesiastical and social position, he issued a ref utation of Mr. Gladstone's mistakes with surprising rapidity; and scarcely has that work been read and digested when we find another of nearly 400 octavo pages, oa ',The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost.' Wefiad some difficulty in describing this work, since it is difficult to detent where theology ends and religion begins — when his Eminence is ail ? reusing our minds, or whon h». is appealing :o our hearts, It is clea.-ly not a theological treatise. It makes no display of profound theolo gical learning, siace that does not seem to be the main object of tke work. Its object does not &9em to be the instruction of theological students, but the edification of Christiana. It is not ad dressed to Catholics alone, but to thoae who, accidentally outside the Catholic Church . do their best to deserve the name of Christians. It is, in effect, a devotional work, showing how a real faith in the Holy G-h.osi implies anhabir' tual sense of the reality of a spiritual and super, sensuous world, how a living faith in the Holy Ghost implies a corresponding elevation of character. It is a sequel to what his Eminen ce describasas a 'very slender bookon the temporal mission of the Holy Ghost.' The definite object of both volumes we cannot do better than give ia the Cardinal's own words :t— ' My belief is that these topics have a special, fitneas in the nineteen century. ? - They are iha direct antidote . - both, of the heretical spirit, which ib abroad, and the un3piritual and worliily i miud of so many GarisLiaus. . ' Io would seem to me that L-fche development of error: has oonstraiued the Ciiurch in these - times to treat especially of the third and last clause-of the Apo3tle's Creed-*— ' I believe in. the. Holy Ghost, the Huly Catholio^Church, |the Communion .of .Saints!'... Tne definitions of the Immaculate Conception of the Mother of G-od, .pfjtbe Infallibility of the :Vicar Ojfj Christ, bring out iuto distinct relief the twofold offioe of ithe Holy Ghost, of which one part is His, perpetual assistance in the Church, the other His saoefcifi cation of the soul, of which the Immaculate o°'fr':''', -« the first fruits, and the moat per fect exemplar. ' ** The living consciousness which the (Jacnouu Church has, that it is the dwelling-plaoe of the Spirit of Truth and the organ of His voice, seems to grow more; and more vividly upon its pastors and people as the nations are falling ,away.' . . .. ,. : ? ? In spite of our being so fearfully aud wonder fully made, there are lights too strong for our sight, feelings too delicate for expression, ideas too boundless for analysis. We can appreciate the utter incapacity :of our intellects when we attempt to compreheud- the Divine 'nature. We know by faith, and we cannot know by any other means, that although God is- more abso lutely one than any unity we can conceive beyond the domain of mathematics, H;j has nevvxthoiesa a 'triple persoaality. We cannot comprehend this, but for all tLat we know that the Blessed Trinity is essentially one. This our minds cannot take in all at once, therefore we have to divide it in parts and dwell on one at a time. , ? ; ?« There is one God' says the Cardinal ''and all the acts of Omnipoteuce are th-i aota of that God ; nevertheless there are Rpecial offices which have I'een assumed and are exercised by th-s threo Persons distinctly. God the Father is the Creator, God the Son is the Redeemer, God the Holy Ghost is the Sanctifier ; and yet not so that the Sou and the 0.-ly Ghost are excluded from Creation, or the Father aud the Holy Ghost from Redemption, or the Father and the Son from our Sanctificatidn. But eaoh of these . three Persons has asaucied to Himself, by an economy of His own Supreme wisdom the discharge of one of these three offices.' When, then, we speak of urging special devo tion to any of the Three Parsons of the one God, it is not by way of preference, as one individual might have a special devotion to one saint, ano ther to another, arising from idiosyncrasies of disposition ; but because our souls, while of the earth earthy, are incapable of feeding all at oace ou the separate manifestations of each of the Divine Persons. Now, as the Cardinal points ou% there does seem to be a lack, even among good Catholics, of a special devotion to the Holy Ghost, Troe» Catholics have a i - olear, certain faith ; and when we worflhip one, we worship all. But if wo perceptibly neglect devotion to tbe Holy Ghost, we, to a certain *-t- tent, lose sight of His loving deal i^g* with ns, our souls miss an illumination which they ot«er. wiee might have had, Cardinal Manning seems to ask in effect — How could suoh lives be led aa are led, such deeds be done as are done, if wo could;realize thaB all who are baptized, and who are not in a state of mortal sin^ are ' temples of the Holy Ghost, who dwelleth in us?' , - - We feel, we would be disappointing our readers j were we not to give more extracts alluding to the awful doctrine that no one oan b©: saved out* Bide the visible Church. He says :— . .; \: ' There are men so narrow as to say that no soul among the heathen can be saved/ Th» perfeotions of God, 'the attributes of theroy, love, tenderness, justice, equity — all rise np in array against so dark a theology. The word of God ideclares, first of all, that the Son of God ;is 'the true Light that enlighteneth every maa that cometh into the world' (S. John i. 9)1' And again :.— ' ': ' - ! ! ' - 'Two Pontiffa ' have condemned as heresy the two following assertions : That the heathen-,, and the Jews, and heretics, receive no inEueno© ? from Jesus Christ, but that their will is without help that is, withont grace, was coudeiraued aa a heripsy Vy Al-xiuder VIIT. Agftin, that th -re is no grace giv«in pniaide the Chnioh, w;is al=»o ooncleiiiofil as hereny'V-y O ema.-n XI. (Dds:zii« yei\ 'E.chiridou Symb -!auin,' Wurzbu-g, i874, tin . 1162 and 1&41') The work, theref,r& of the Holy Ghost, evon.in thf order of na;urev so to say, that is, outside of the Church of God and of the revealed knowledge of Jesus ChriBfe among the heathen — that working is universal in the soul of eyery individual human being g and if they who reoeive the assistance of, th© Holy Ghost are faithful' in correBpodiug with it, God in His unrevealed mercies will deal with them in ways secret from us. His merqies un known to us are over all His worka j and tiie in finite merits of the Redeemer of the world ar» before the, me-rcy seat of onr Heavenly Father, for the salvation of those that follow even the little light whioh in the order of nature. they reoeive.' So rauoh for thoae enlightened Protestants who oharg© Christ's Churoh with teaohing that no one without hir 'pale can be saved. There is one more passage which we cannot forbear quoting, beoause it is an eloquent ex pression of a truth whioh is every day becom ing more and more apparent— we mean' the ? -? ,fact, that, even from a worldly point of vieir0 Protestant and Eraatian Churohea have proved total failures. !. 'r- ?? - ? ? .? ; .. 'Set before your oyes two things.' The Catholic Church one in faith, worship; and jurisdiction, perfectly united, not only in dogma of faith, bufc also in1 the principles u.nd judgmenta which descend from faith, filling the whole world at this 'moment with a couip«c«'Jand solid unity, agair.si which the 'world- is storming in every language and conspiring in every pla^e. And with: what result ? As the hummer welde the iron, into a closer mass, bo the indissoluble unity of the Catholio Church is, by p?rda-.-utiona tested, conlirmyd, and revealed. For eiwhteea centuries the mys'tioal vitii*. has s^od, » living tree,1 rising in its sbature, spreading in its reach, ing its imperishable vitality m every branch am* in every Spray. Tuis is on one side^ Look on the other. Look;at those who, three hm.d red years ago, vpj cted tho pnnoiple of divine faitha arid adopted in its stead the theories of critioiafn, of private judgment^ of private interpretation. ?Look at Germany and! Switz rlaod ; lo.k- nearer home. What *io we s°e at th'S'day? The Christianity of these separated countries is like a tree that is dying. If the trunk stands, trie branches are bare; or if there be lo.iv-s they arc 'wh'tiierfd- lon^-a^o. '. National religions are gradual. y drying up. Th« tree is return. ug to the dust, failing in upon ita Ovvn roois. In a libile wtiild the yljce thereof shall know it no nwe. Becauaa mm refus- t-- believ ??. in the diin- Teacher, they have lost,, first, trie divin© Cfuta.pty of rev.lation ; nax'., ilc fu.u.2j of truth ; then ika ceriaiu ivt^rpretati'm, or Holy Scriptuie ; and, last'v, th; inspiration andj oanon of Sariptmro-ilself, to^other wish th^ oon» ..auiouanesfi that, faith is a grace infused into the soul, whWeby wa'iiye in a supernatural ord-r.' ' ' , , . To understand how alive even Protestant : statesmen are to the truth of this stricture, we need go no further thin tho report of the de bates on the Established Church, and we TriU then Bee how she is regarded by Protestants as an utter failure, : Our having- given these extraots may have given our readers' a falsa notion of the nature of the book. Ib is not controversial, it is a little theologioal, but ib is decidedly devotional ; and we cannot do better than recommend it to the notioe of all, whether rioh or poor, learned or simple. No one could read it in the spirit in which Cardinal Manning intends it to bo read, without being wiser, and, let us hope, better. 