THE- FALL.bi' This 'PiPAGYliNETLEi , . Great .eyents; cas.t .their shadows before them; When -the dogma, of ,- , the Rope's, infallibility was announced from ;tlie, Vatican, and anathema pro- nounced.on all who 'presumed to dispute it,; the d.oom of the Papacy was sealed; Such blasphe mous ; assumption . could not do otherwise than attract. the attention. of -the Deity. It would be contrary to all antecedent, history if God did not, sooner, or later, resent the insult then offered 'to His Majesty; ; Since, in no part of the revealed will of Gd, is there an instance to be met with of His i delegation of mundane sovereignty to any ;man,- .its assumption,, by a mortal; can only be deemed a daring act of rebellion, which would call for Divine interference for the purpose of chastising the bold usurper. "My glory will I not give to another" (Isaiah, 42, 8— 48, 11) is the language of God. No conclave of Cardinals, no council of Bishops, priests, or laymen, could lay claim to Divine .inspiration in announcing such a dogma. It could never emanate from the in? spiration of the Hply Ghost, beCause.it would be inconsistent. with the. Divine glory, with the nature.of Him "who ruleth over all, " and is a , '' jealous Gocl." , The sovereignty of God is a conspicuous part, of .His glory, to curtail (any part of which would bo to detract from the grandeur of the whole — an act, therefore, con trary to His nature, and one in which it were utterly impossible for the Holy Ghost to parti cipate. Whom God means to destroy, He not unfrequently permits to be led away by infatua tion. , Such is the fatal disease which has taken hold of the Papacy. The lever of infallibility is at, work, and is spreading in all directions, and soon the whole Papal empire will be one vast scene of commotion. Whoever takes a calm but irit'elligerit view of what is now transpiring will see that a deadly struggle is inevitable, and as sure as it comes, the Papal power will fall, for He who has declared He "will not give 'His glory to another'.' will destroy the power of the usurper, and annihilate both him, his iriyrini- dons, and his kingdom. Protestantism must arid will- prevail — it must triuiriph. Why ? why! because it acknowledges and vindicates the unalienable undivided glory of God. It de nies. the ' alienation of such glory, and conse quently all delegation of it is impossible, because it is Inconsistent with God's expressed will, and it denounces all who lay claim to any participa- tion in it as impostors, traitors, , and usurpers. God's' glory, in' one of its eSs'ential elements, consists in His power and ability to govern. To delegate any portion of that power would indi cate either unwillingness, inability, weakness, or want of strength to sustain the burden of universal sovereignty. Omnipotence and omni presence need no assistance. Infinite wisdom and infinite justice require, no assistauts. Imma culate holiness, boundless love, and infinite mercy require no- Popes to dictate to whom their bounties shall be dispensed, or assist in their distribution. The God who embodies all these glorious attributes in His own myBtic person would be parting with His glory to another were He to delegate- any portion of it, even to the highest archangel, much more -to man. The only approximation to delegation known of- is that which is met in the person of Jesus' Christ; who, being the express image of God, equal to and one with God, the power-He exercises is not in any way analogous to that of a vicegeraricy -; it is an union of will, purpose, power, and dig- nity, indivisible and inseparable from God Him self, through the mysterious union of God and man in one Divine person. The fact of this in timate union of the two natures in one God is quite sufficient to show that any delegation of authority to any other .being, or- any other per? son 'than Jesus Christ, is impossible, because it would be abstracting a portion of God's glory and conferring it on mortal man, and thus falsi fying God's express declaration, , My glory will I not give to another. " The , Papacy, therefore; must and will be destroyed. Ha3 not tho Pope ievoaled himself as the man of sin spoken of by St. Paul in the second epistle; to the Thessalo- nians (chap, ii,, 3, 4), by the declaration of his; infallibility,1 as ho who exalteth himself above all that is called . God, or that is wor shipped V so that he, as God, sitteth in the tem ple of God, showing himself that he is God. Iho;Son of perdition by nature, to perdition'he is, rapidly hastening. Analyse this passage and notenits construction— " Before the coming of the day of our Lord, there i3 to be a falling away -from tho; faith first delivered to' the saints ?" i - .Has not this taken place in the ritual istic practices, and: secedings of the Church of Rome, and by the practices of that Church? St; Paul, say s-r-1; Anil that man of sin be revealed;" that is; a particular man of sinful character, a violator of the laws of God, " the son of perdi tion or destruction," who opposeth or resists and exalteth himself " above all that is called God, or that is worshipped ; that is,, all who are treated with dignity, eminence, or- respect, such as Emperors, Kings, or, Princes, "so that he, as God, sitteth in the temple of God," or,- as the representative of Deity, sitteth in the temple of God, ;exhibiting himself as the vicar or agent of God. . i Transpose this .into .the language of the present day, and it will read thus : " Before the coming of the day of Christ, there Bhall be a relapse, into error, and a particular person — a violator of the laws of God- rr-discovered, the son of: t destructive councils, .who. will resist all and exalt himself, above all that are treated by others with dignity or respect, or who hold sovereign authority, so that, as the representative of Deity, he sitteth in the temple of God, exhibit ing himself ai the agent or vicegerent' of God.". Since the. promulgation of the dogma of infalli- bility, every word of this prediction of St. Paul's has been verified in the person of the present Pope Pius IX. Can God, or will God, permit such blasphemous arrogance and assumption to continue.?, Certainly, not, or no longer than in His wisdom He deems prudent. : Is- it not a direct ; violation of God's determination not to transfer His, glory to. another, and therefore an act on the part of the Romish Church which He must and will punish by the. destruction of the usurping power ?. The Papacy, then is doomed:; nothing can save it. , .The God in whom there is no variableness, neither shadow, of turning; who is<; the same, vesterdav. to-dav.. and -for ever. never has alienated and never will alienate any part of His inherent. glory to another, much less to a sinful, weak, erring man. The veryidea'of the; Pope, being God's vicar on earth is an . insult ' to God. and. an .impudent assertion. , Peter, as it is now weli known, never having, been in: Rome; thepower of the keys never could have descended from him, as Bishop of Rome, to the present or any previous Pope— a power which.Peter only possessed or, shared in common with all. the otfler apostles. He laid no special: claim to the keys. , i Having denied his Lord, he was restored to favour and reinstalled in his apostolic office iri a marked manner, but no special pre- eminence was, by that act of grace, conferred, upon him; The power to biud and loose was conferred upon men especially imbued with the Holy Ghost,-, and as such were under his immediate influence, guidance, and protection, and therefore never likely to abuse the power conferred upon them. The Popes, not being the successors, of St. Peter, can only be regarded as usurpers' of that which never came to them by right of succession and. by special delegation from God. Let Pro testants rejoice. The war now being .carried on between the Papacy and true Christianity must terminate in the triumph of truth over error. The sou of perdition — the man of sin— is doomed. The, battle is the Lord's. .Take courage and fear not. Be consistent — be united, , . Mixed MaIkriagesUnlaVi'ul in the Romish; CpuRCiri— If there' lie a prescription ,in all. the force of the term in ;the i universal discipline iof the Church, it is that whereby when Catholics/ by speciar dispensation of' the'Holy See'and only, for special reasons, | are, allowed to marry non-Catholics, the condition-is always to be;ex« acted that'the oflsprmg of such marriages are 'toi be brought up in the Catholic faith. To suppose that the Catholic Church could act otherwise, is to suppose that, it i3 -not the Catholic Church:; for it is: well-known1 to' frieiid and foe alike; tha!t the/Catholic Church recognises no pother, way. of salvation than herself, rind therefore, she cannot hand over souls unborn to be brought up out' of. her pale. V The EsirRESs Eugenie:— It is riiinoiired that, the Empress Eugenie is1 dying of consumpiion.;' If she could follow in the course, of Isabella pf Spain, and- plrice her son upon 'tho "tjmraeipf France, doubtless the pious devoiee could .then! depart in peace. The present position' of Sir-' rano is "'rather , a: ' peculiar one. It is , not; e very general who enjoys the /privilege of placing bis, own son', uperi a'tht-one. . ' 