FATHER BURKE. " THE PONTIFICATE OF PIUS IX." LECTURE IN WATERFORD. We are indebted to the Watcrforcl News for the following report of Father Burke's lecture in Waterford on " The Pontificate of Pius IX." : — This nineteenth century of ours has been called, and not without reason, a wonderful age, and amongst its many admirers, it may seem strange in your ears, there is not one more ardent or more sincere in his admira tion of the age than myself, although stand ing here the representative of an old Medneval Order. (Hear, hear.) I am proud of the nineteenth century ; I am proud of its spirit, proud of its wonderful discoveries, and and of the grand results of its scientific know ledge and researches ; I am proud of the age which has annihilated space ; the age which has grasped the world in its scientific hands ; which has caught the lightning of heaven, chained it down, and made it the faithful messenger of the thoughts of man to man from one end of. the world to the other (hear, hear) ; but amid all the glories and all the wonders of this boasted nineteenth century, I hold the most wonderful, the most glorious of them all is the Pontificate of Pius IX. (Enthusiastic cheers.) In all the tri umphs of this age we behold the efforts of man, the wonderful achievements of human genius aud invention; the development of nature's powers, with the discovery of nature's hidden laws ; but when we contemplate the man who for nearly thirty years has stood at the head of the Catholic Church, aud filled the awful position of God's Vicegerent upon eartli, it is 110 longer the energy of man ; it is no longer the resources of human genius, or the strength of human character, which we have to regard ; we there see in the person of Pius ' IX. the realisation of the most glo rious promises which God .has made to His Church in the person and in the Pontificate of this most illustrious Doctor and Pope. (Hear, hear, and warm applause.) I am not here, my dear friends, this evening to speak to you of the personal character of Pius IX.; my subject is not the Pope, personally ; if my theme were so I would find it a glorious one,' and a fruitful one, too ; for I have knelt before the man in my youth ; I have received the blessing of the Holy Father when in the prime of glorious manhood ; and I have gone, again and again, to kneel at the feet of this venerable man when sorrow was bending him down, and whitening his hah, with care deepening the lines upon that once fair face. (Hear, hear.) The record of that time, fresh upon my mind from my recollections, makes the personal character of the Pope dear to me, and would constitute it a fruitful theme in my mouth ; but this is not my subject this evening ; I have now to deal with the Pontifi cate of this man ; I have to tell you, my dear friends, of this man's long reign with which God has blessed His Church, and to speak to . you of the glorious things done for the Church in that time (hear, hear.) I have not to speak to you of this temporal king, unthroned and uncrowned, but of that Pontiff whose throne can never be shaken, or whose crown can never be torn from his brow, because that throne is placed upon au unshakable rock, and that crown is set upon his head with the hands of Jesus Christ Himself (im mense applause.) It is of our loving Pontiff sitting as the supreme head on earth of the Holy Roman Catholic Church, as the Vicar of Christ upon earth, as the governor of God's Church, as the man who gathers to himself the fulness of Apostolic power and of juris diction ; the man whose hand is at the helm of the barque of God ; the man who tides it through all storms, who brings it through all Seas — it is of this man in his Papal character, in his spiritual character, that I would speak to you this evening (hear, hear.) I lay down this proposition, which I undertake to prove, that from the day that Christ, the Son of God, laid His hands upon the head of Peter, and said : " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her, and to thee I will give the keys of the kigndom of Heaven ; I shall pray for thee, Peter ; your faith shall never fail ; and go forth strength ening thy brethren, 0 Peter" — from that day to the present hour, although in the list of the successors of Peter to many of whom the world has given the name of Great, there has not been amongst the number a greater Pope than our glorious Pontiff, nor a greater Pon tificate than that of Pius IX. (enthusiastic applause). His lordship has told you that this is a theme at once of joy and of sadness. When we look upon the majestic figure of the uncrowned King, but who is the crowned Pontiff in the hearts of the Catholics of the world, our liearts are filled with true Catholic joy ; but, at the same time, our eyes are dimmed with tears of love for our Holy Father, and of sympathy for the sorrows | which have come upon him (hear, hear). It is not, however, of his sorrows, great as they are, with which I am going to deal this even ing ; it is not of the aged man, so persecuted in his advancing years, with his cup of life embittered to the last dregs; it is not of those sorrows nor of those persecutions of which I am about to speak ; but it is of his imperishable glory, which, as such, cannot pass away; of the title of pontiff, head of the Holy Catholic Church, a title which can never be forfeited, a Pontificate in the long course of which he has shown himself a most worthy successor of S. Peter, one of the most illustrious Pontiffs who ever wielded fho sceptre of God's universal spiritual dominion in this world (hear, hear). Now, my dear friends, to understand this subject, let us consider what are the glories of the Pontifi cate of Pius IX? We must take a given standard to enable us to measure, to estimate the roal mature of those glories, to put us in a position to judge of this man's long and able reign. What is the standard by which we are to measure the Holy Father's Pontifi cate ? See how far he has come up to that standard, and how far his innate character of excellence, in conjunction with the divine grace, has enabled him to fulfil the high duties of his exalted position (hear, hear). The first standard by wbich we stall form our judgment is one at wliieli you will, doubtless, . smile, and ask yourself can it be the case: That standard is the hatred of the world for the Pope (hear, hear). Is he well hated? Is he well abused? Are men wishing for his death? Are men trembling lest his life should be pro longed ? If that is the case then he must be a particularly great man (bear, bear). You remember O'Connell, our immortal Liberator (bursts of applause) ; he used to say he was the best abused and hated man in the House of Commons — and well he might say so (hear, hear) — and that fact he made one of his best titles to tbe respect and to tbc love of the Irish people (bear, hear). The world outside the Catholic Church is the enemy of the Church, for that Church is the Church of God, and the Scriptures teach us that the world is the enemy of the Church of God. That being so, the more a man is faithful to God and to His Church, the more is he hated by the world, and we are told by tbe great S. Paul, in bis epistles, that tlie world's friend ship is enmity to God (hear, hear.) In that long line of Pontiffs, from the time of Peter, in that long succession, in which so many martyrs shed their blood, and in wbich so many Pontiffs expired under persecution for the Church; in that long array of holy men, there was not so universally powerful, and yet so conclusively, positively hated a man by the enemies of the Church of God as Pius IX. (hear, hear). Whatever the secret is, Pius IX. has managed to make himself more feared and more hated by the enemies of the Church than any who lias gone before him (hear, hear). At this moment the strongest man in the world is Prince Bismarck. He is a man of superior ability, of towering genius ; a man who succeeds hi all he un tier takes ; he has a powerful empire at his back, with 2,800,000 soldiers at his command ; lie has put his foot upon the neck of France and crushed that army that the world thought could not he conquered-; he has humbled Austria, annihilating all before him ; and this man, who has 110 dread, cares for 110 opposing army, lives in fear of one man, and that man is the old Pope of Rome (tremen dous applause). Bismarck is afraid of the Pope, and is continually crying out : " Save me from that dreadful man ; I must have more soldiers ; I must have more prisoners aud make more laws; I must put more bishops into prison; I wonder when he is going to die" (hear, hear, and laughter). Bismarck writes to the Cabinets of Europe, saying, " We must join in seeing to the ap pointment of his successor ; you must assist me." The old Pope, all this time, stops in his prison quietly, and he will not die, even at Bismarck's desire (hear, hear, and warm applause). Not long since I said to a poor laboring man in the West of Ireland: "Do you know the news?" "Oh, yes!" replied the man, "I read the papers every day." "Is it not a wonderful thing how long the Pope is living ? " I said to him, and his reply was: "Why does God leave him so long on earth is it ? Why, then the reason is, God leaves him upon earth to deprive Bismarck of his appetite " (hear, hear and laughter). This standard, however, is not the only one by wbich we are to measure and estimate the glorious Pontificate of Pius IX. There is a, far higher and nobler standard, and that standard is — the more a Pontificate brings out the enforcement of the great attributes of God, as centered in His Church, the more glorious is that Pontificate ; and never, in the long list before bis day, has any Pope brought out those attributes or proved them more strougly than has Pius IX. iu his lengthened Pontificate of thirty years (hear, hear). What are the divine attributes of the Catholic Church ? and how have they shone out during the Pontificate and under the guidance of this good old man? Any one who reads the Scriptures must come to the conclusion that, whoever Christ was, He intended to found a Church. Ho is always speaking ox it as His kingdom, His city, His dwelling-place. Ho calls together His Apostles, aud says : " Amen, I say to you, the kingdom of God is in you, that kingdom which is of the kingdom of Heaven." Certain it is that Christ's first thought was to found a Church, and with that Church Ho tells xis He shall abide for ever (hear, hear). We believe, with oar Protestant fellow-countrymen, that Christ is the Son of God, and if He founded a Church, as He did do, that Church must be tbe Church of the living true God (hear, hear). He has conferred upon that Church certain attributes marking her as the Church of God. He has given her unity, sanctity, apostolicity, and strength, four attributes solely hers, because she is the Church of the living God. Christ made this Church one, holy, and apostolical, the strongest thing ever built iu Heaven or upon earth ; and He not only made His Cliupch all this, but be took espe cial care that all those gifts should be en trusted to lier, to remain with her for ever. Sanctity lie' guaranteed to her, through the sacraments administered freely to the faithful, as they are given by the priesthood throughout the world (hear, hear). It may be said that her sanctity scatters those gifts broadcast oyer tbe world for the salvation of her people. The other tl;reo gifts are liiade to concentrate jn that of sanctity. He made Himself the centre qf her unity (hear, hear), arfd tl;e fountain-head of her apostolicity. IJe made Himself the guarantee qf her strength and qf her immortality. Listen to what He said at His Last Supper : "O Father in Heaven, keep them one in the unity of that word, My word, Thy word, which . I have given them ; let them he one in the unity of that truth, as you, 0 Father, and I are one." Thus He made Himself the centre of the Church's unity. He made Himself the fountain-head of her apostolicity when He said to His apostles : "As the Father in Heaven sent me, I send you ; go and teach all nations ; tell them all things I have told to you." All went forth then in the name of their Divine Master, aud tlicy said to the people : " Christ sent us, and therefore we are oornp to you." He made Himself tbc guarantee of the Church's strength, for He said : " Behold, I am with you even to the consummation of the world, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her. Behold, I have given you many things ; Heaven and Earth shall pass away, but My word shall not pass away." He declared Himself the strength of His Church, pro mising that no power in earth or in hell should prevail against it, and that strength remains with His Church to the end of time (hear, hear). When Christ was about to leave this world, and ascend into Heaven, He selected one of His twelve apostle3, and made him head of the apostolic college, constituting him His Vicar on earth. Peter was selected, and thus became the vitible representative upon earth of tlie invisible head of the Church in Heaven, becoming to the Church, through the divine commission given to him, all that its Divine Founder was to it on earth. As Pope, Peter became the centre of the Church's unity, the fountain-head of her apostolicity, the guarantee of her strength here, and of her immortality hereafter. The more those attributes sbine out in a Pope the more illustrious is that Pope to be considered. From Peter to Pius, tbe Church of God has possessed those three great attributes, as represented by the Pope, tbe centre of the Church's unity, apostolicity, and tlio gua rantee of the Church's strength, and never have they shone out more gloriously than in the Pontificate of our Most Holy Father Pius IX. (hear, hear). What shall we say of this great Pontiff' as the centre of unity in the present extraordinary age of the world ? Many illustrious men went before the present Pope in the chair of Peter ; there were Gregory the Great, Leo, and another Gregory amongst them, but where in the history of the Catholic Church do we fine the unity of the Church so powerfully displayed as it was in tlie . magnificent spectacle of the last Vatican Council (hear, hear) ? There were assembled 800 bishops from tbe ends of tbe earth, and never did the Catholic Church behold so vast an army of mitred prelates' congregated 011 any one previous occasion. With and around thein were some thousands of philosophers, aud other learned men from the colleges of Europe, bringing with them their deep learning, and their profound expe rience, with the full approval of the people they represented, men of many nations, all acknowledging the supremacy of the Pontiff, the head of God's Church upon earth. In the midst of tliem all, in that great Council, stands the sceptred monarch oPGod ; lie calls upon them to make an act of faith in the Church's unity, and then came forth upon them the voice of ages, " Thou art Peter, the rock upon which my Church is founded" (immense applause) . From the martyr's grave of early Christianity comes forth the voice, the testi mony of truth, " We formed the centre point of the unity of the Church of God," and from the mediaeval age of the Church comes the voice, "Peter, thou art the rock; the Church is the one true Church of God ;" and forth from the 800 bislions in tbe Vatican comes the one universal acknowledgement ; "Peter, thou art the infallible Vicar of Godupon earth ; He speaks in thee ex cathedra, and the Church of God will bow down before thee in submission as if it were tbe voice of Jesus Christ Himself, whose vicegerent thou art on earth." (Hear, hear,) Will anyone there raise up and dispute the claim ? No, not one. Each consecrated prelate bows down humbly aud says, "it is true," (hear, hear), true as tlie gospel from which it is taken. Never was the unity of the Church so gloriously dis played ; never more impressively proclaimed than it was by the lips of Pius IX. ; that unity which so distinguishes her from the sects of the earth, and marks upon her the image of her Divine Founder, Jesus Christ (hear, hear.) Never has that grand attribute, the first of God's Church, come out more glorious tbau it has shown out in the Pontifi cate of our illustrious Pope, never so remark able as represented in the grand figure of Pius IX. (cheers). More than this, Christ made his Church an apostolic Church. He not only made it an essentially working, hut he made it an aggressive Church. We are blamed because we are seeking to make con verts ; because we cannot keep quiet (hear hear). Is it not too bad? (bear, hear, aud laughter). Nothing but Sisters of Mercy, the Little Sisters of the Poor, the friars, the bishops, and the priests are bothering us about their religion. That is what the people of the world say of us Catholics. My dear friends, we cannot help it (hear, hear). If there are any 11011- Catholics present, I say to them "We would let you alone if we could, but ive cannot help it (hear hear). If avc let you alone you Avould never become Catholic, you-AVould go to eternal ruin, and we Avant to save your immortal souls " (bear, hear). " Woe unto me," says S. Paul, " if I do not preach the Gospel." Christ Himself said to his Apostles, "Go out and preach and teach all nations," and g. Paul gives the same in junction to his disciple Timothy, when he said, " Preach in and out of season." The Church must Avork ; she must preach ; she must spread the truth, and she must convert the nations. If the savages require her ministrations, she must send out to the savages. Tim Jesuits, autl the other Catholic Missionaries, will soon find their way to them. The missionary Avill find his way to the camp of the red man, amidst the shows and storms of the Rocky Mountains, and will expose his head to the tomahawk and the scalpknife of the savage, for the one sole purpose of bringing to him the saving know ledge of truth, aud the missionary is perfectly . ready to water the land with his blood, if by doing so he can he the humble means, nnder God, of saving an immortal soul (hear, hear, and Avarm applause). The Church must send out her missionaries to the heathen, and to the heretic, because she must obey the in junction of her Divine Founder, " Go -forth and preach to all notions." Is not this the history of the Popes ? Where is the nation, Avhere is the province, and Avhere are the people, who have ever received Jesus Christ except through the Popes ? (hear, -hear.) Who sent the glorious apostle S. Patrick to Ireland ? (cheers). Pope Celestine, Avho con secrated him Bishop of the Irish people, saying to him, " Go and preach the faith to the people of Ireland" (hear, hear). S. Patrick came to the great assemblage at Tara, and said to the people, "I, as a mes senger from God, have been sent to you by tbe Pope of Rome," and they accepted him as one coming from him Avho had authority to send, remaining steadfastly faithful to his successors to the present day (hear, and Avarm applause). Before his death S. Patrick said to his people, " If ever a dispute shall arise between you, go to the Pope as children Avould go to their mother ; lay the dispute before him, and he will settle it for you " (hear, hear.) Who sent S. Augustine to England ? Pope Gregory the Great. The Popes sent missionaries to the Northern countries, and to Germany ; those people became converted and Avere received into the one fold by the Popes. What Pope amongst the number succeeding S. Peter, Pope and Martyr, has sboAAm more of that apostolic spirit than the present Pontiff, who, after a reign of thirty years, is the only Pope who has outleved the term of the great Apostle (hear, hear). When Pius IX began to reign there Avere scarcely tAventy Catholic bishops in America — there were not twenty ; at this moment the land is covered Avith cathedrals, the bishops are numerous, and the Catholio faith is said to be tbe only united, perma nent, Christian faith in the United States (hear, hear). At the time that Pius IX. ascended the Papal throne there was not a territorial bishop in all England ; to-day this man has restored the former glories of the English heirarchy; he has rebuilt England's stately Chmch, Avhich had crumbled into ruin during three hundred years of persecu tion. His paternal care has gone over the universal Church of God, to the very ends of the earth, and the Catholic Church, Avith an heirarchy, has sprung up at the Antipodes, in Polynesia, in the Pacific ; wherever the sun shines the Catholic Church has been reArived, strengthened, and brought into existence under the touch and thrilling encouragement of our great and good Holy Father (enthusi astic applause). God has given this great poAver of progression to His Church, and the Church cannot stand still. We see nothing indestructible in this Avorld ; we find history repeating itself every day. We have seen the strongest nations crumbling into dust ; Ave have seen the collapse of the grand army of brave, heroic France, in opposition to the German conqueror, going doAvn under the iron heel of. the a'ictor ; these things, and many others of the same kind, should teach us, my dear friends, the lesson that all things Avorldly contain each Avitliin itself an element of Aveakness, all things on earth except the Catholic Church, and shejis indestructible, because she lives upon tbe strength of the VLJ. \ 1UO JJi U1LUPJ13 uRlbil LfCtll IlWvtJl JLUilA lit/1) liUCI has her foundation upon those principles of honor, justice, and of mercy Avhich, coming from the hand of God, animate His Church, and can never he SAvept aAvay (hear, hear). Those principles can never be put down by persecution; tbe sneers of the world can never crush them to silence, for they live eternally, being a portion of God's Divine LaAV, and stand forth resplendently in the Pontificate of Pius IX. (hear, hear). There Avas 110 greater Pope than Gregory the Seventh, Avho was called " Hildebrand " ; he stood up always boldly for the maintenance of the Church's rights ; and, in doing so, fought all the immense poAvers of the Emperor of Germany, humbling to the dust the proudest in that long line of Roman emperors, and made truth triumphant (hear, hear). At that time, however, he had Ca tholic France, great and poAverful, at his side ; he had an age of faith to back him up, and had many monarchs sustaining him, because in doing so they maintained their own in terests (hear, hear) ; hut Pius IX. stands alone against all the poAvers of the world. With public opinion divided, and heresy ruuuing rampant, Pius IX. has no rallying of mon archs around him to sustain him in his Heavenly mission ; he has no government supporting him ; he has nothing hut principle, honor, faith, and justice on his side ; yes, he has the all-poAverful AYord of God, and with that he is calm and assured in his conflict Avith the world ; his ansAver to all attacks, to all offers, is "1101; possumus," it cannot be done (hear, hear, aud Avarm applause), When the JeAvish child, Mortara, was relegated to the Catholic faith, by being baptised, he be came at once the special charge of the Pope as the earthly head of that Churoh ; being baptised, Pius IX. could not give hem up and nobly did tbe old man discharge his trust (hear, hear). The fleets of England and ofjFrance blocked up bis ports Avhilst the demand Avas made upon him for the sur render of the child; cabinets sent their messengers here and there 1 hut the illus trious Pontiff, thoroughly conscious of his gi oat duty , Avas fully equal to the occasion, relying onj the unchangeably Ayqrd of his Divine Master. " No," replied he, as he answered the demand; "no, no; you may imprison me, you may take my life, but that child can never be surrendered; I tell you I will never do it ; non possumus— it cannot be done " (enthusiastic applause). This was another great victory for the cause of God, and thus nobly was it won by our illustrious Pontiff ; the answer was all-powerful, and the wicked world bowed down before it in sub mission. The hand of that child, Mortara, I have shaken as he grew up to the priest hood, and I will never forget him (hear, hear.) In this way has the Pope conferred immense and lasting benefits upon the Church of God, and in that way have the attributes of God shone out conspicuously during his Pontificate, because our Holy Father, in a great degree arising from his wonderful sagacity, is enabled to anticipate events, and to provide for them in that way most conducive to the authority and the teaching of the Church of God, and putting those measures in operation at the proper time. Witness the promulgation of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception. What do you think was said? to me by a peasant in the West of Ireland to whom I spoke upon the subject of Immaculate Conception? I inquired from him if the Pope did not already know of the dogma, that is, of the Imma'culate Conception, and if it was not already an act of the. Church? His reply was, " The Pope knows better than all when the proper time will be for him to act, and he knows better than all the proper way to do it." The Holy Father knows better than all else when to do what is for the service of the Church, and of the great God, and it is that knowledge of things in the future which, in their results, has made the Pontificate of Pius IX. so glorious (hear, hear). Foremost in those acts stands the dogma of the Im maculate Conception, of the Mother of God conceived of Him who is the founder of the True Church, the Queen of Heaven, and to our Holy Father has been' reserved that glorious privilege of declaring the dogma, "Mary conceived without sin" (hear). S. John at |Patmos, cries out, "I saw a great sign in the heavens ; I saw a woman sitting upon a throne, clothed in the sun, the moon beneath her feet, bearing a crown upon her head, set with twelve stars of glory, as the mother of God 1" For over eighteen hundred years, the glory was reserved for Pius IX. to promulgate that dogma, received with such joyful fervor by the whole Catholic Church (hear, hear). In those dogmas the Pope showed his wonderful sagacity; when the proper time came, and not until then, they were sent forth to the world; when the fitting time arrived, Pope Pius IX. declared the Immaculate Conception, and at the fitting moment he decided that then was the period to call . the Church together, and to crown the sacred edifice with the declaration of her infallibility (hear, hear). The bishops of the Church came to that Council in obedience to the call of its head ; they heard the declaration, and knew that in his capa city as Pope, speaking ex cathedra, the suc cessor of Peter, on whom had descended the Holy Ghost, could not, could not, ask the faithful to tell a lie, and therefore had the dogma been received with all reverent humility, and the most implicit faith ! The Pope may remain still longer uncrowned ; he may still be suffering persecution from the enemies of the faith of God, but there is that upon him which nothing can remove from him as Pope, and that is the mystic sign which has been put upon him of infalli bility, when, ex cathedra, he speaks to the faithful of God (hear, hear). They may con tinue to persecute our bishops, they may imprison them and our priests, but with her dogmatical union of faith and infallibility she will overcome her enemies, and give another proof of the wonderful sagacity of Pius IX. In his reign he has illustrated the unity of the Church, and her power of doing good, in a way to surpass the Pontificate of any one of his predecessors, and if he has now for a time lost his temporal crown, worn by many of his predecessors as earthly monarchs, the Church of God has put upon his forehead a triple crown the glories of which will never fade (enthusiastic applause). When peace shall come to the Church of God upon earth, and our Holy father may be crowned with length of days until then, he will see the many enemies he has overcome plunged into ruin; but he will not rejoice over that ruin ; no, he will pray to his Heavenly Father that he may be permitted to take them to his paternal bosom, and receive their sorrowing repentance for the evils they have wrought (hear, hear). Foremost among the nations, Ireland has ever been faithful to the Pope, to the Church of God ; their fidelity and then- faith have ever been remarkable (hear, hear); in good repute and in bad repute, Ireland has taken her stand by the See of Peter, with hex- heart and voice raised in humble, earnest thankfulness to God for this great Father of the Church ; to that fidelity and to that faith they will ever remain true, and sure I am that they will, one and all, cry out from their hearts, "0 God bless Pius IX., Pope and King 1" (tremendous continued applause, amid which demonstration of hearty admira tion and love the distinguished lecturer retired to the chair prepared for him). At the conclusion of the lecture, the Very Rev. Dr. Cleary, President of S. John's College, Waterford, proposed, and Mr. R. Power, M.P., seconded, a vote of thanks to Father Burke ; and the Mayor proposed, and Father Burke seconded, a vote of thanks to the Most Rev. Dr. Power, Bishop of Waterford, Who presidod. 