R4iM GOARLBS CliARK (1: TOW4ER OF LONDON. TasI IEVc CHlARLES CLARK favoured the in hab .tants of Wallsend with a grand literary tre'at f~i the second time, on Thursday even ing, when he .lectured on the Tower of Lon dofi" in the Assembly Rooms. On this occasion the audience was much more nuudhirous than on the previous evening,. and was evidently cqmposed, as- on the first night, ofthos'e"- whb .possess. the intellect to. appre ciate talent in its grandest and most interest ing ·hape.. When listening to the scenes depicted izi the dourse of'the lecture, and esp~cially whilst " Clarence's Dream," and otpr so;i;-stirring passages from SBaKsrEARIt were being deliv, red, the, audience were com pletely carried away, and made to imagine they wer'e particapators . in the events which had been.enacted ages ago. ... :,Mr. CLARK, withoutany hesitation orprelude, edit~ered pon his lecture at once, and referred to tb'?deep "imipression made op the mind by a: suFvey .f.the..onuments of the past, particu larly those which were connected with the battle giouids of their liberties They also stood out as a recoid of the fact whether thenations w~re greowing in prosperityor declining into dccrepi-. t~ide. s .:t-s:time passed on, leaving them alone and desolate, tlhey appealed to sensitive hbikts. -His -nature was very low whose hsiit~tibever 'warmed when he surveyed the monuments. of the battle fields of the past. As the Coliseum told of the decay of the Iooran Empire in-the weeds growing within it, and the silence which reigned in the place where the crwa~i'h'eard "The Christians to the lions," s~da'igiit of'thei Tower of London carried the' h'earts;of .Englishmen back through the cen turies'of the past, and to the different uses which it- "filfil~d' as 'a fortress, palace ~sind prison. A~:doit hilf a mile below London Bridge,'the Tower 'was.situated on.what was.once a bluff, anduit was called officially " Her Majesty's Tower;"-but-was known to the generality of Englishmen as the Tower of London. It was one of the most'.ancient in England, and was believed to ..reach back to the time of Cesar; in fact one of the towers was called t0??his Wa"dgy',: Ocsar's Tower.. Traces. of a Eirmnaun wiil weire also fodud in the moat round'-tlH'". Sando~ . writers spoke" of' it'"so there must have bee"n a tower .in their time. The 'itsenht building was first com menoed in the tiame of.Wilhliam theConqueror, and has been continually added to bydifferent monarchs. -,It covered twelve acres of ground, and'w~i~ailivided'into two unequal parts,-by an outer andan inner wall. The lecturer then pro ceeded to'describe the different chambers and towers : in the inner wall were Caesar's tower, the 'ib'g~p`livate chamber, and the 'K~ing's private-block. In the outer wall,' that facing the river were what was known as the Water gate, St. Thomas's gate, and the Traitors' gate From the "time of Henry III.. -the Tower had-l beei alternately the magnificent home and the prison of all the 'iovereigns, and many nmbleshsad passed under the ponderous hinges ofthbeTiaitore gate whb had been compelled to lanigslis, i$i the dungeons as victimes of tr'eachery, fanaticism, and tyrannic power. Criminal and innocent werealike. imprisoned in its dungeons, the walls of which were still inscribed with sentences which were the groan idnga of fittlligent and vigorous lives. young and brilliant-spi?its, which had been crushed in2it-deai$h. The lecturer then described the oppositiod, of the citizens of London to ?tihe.effortsa of Henry III 'to fortifv.ithe Tower by the erection of the Water Gate, and its collapse on twbocoasions into the river, both oceirring on the'self-same night in the year, and also the statement of a priest tha~t he' saw an apparitioin ofa 'bishop -in full cononicals, which was put:: down -as the ghost of St. Thboma~ 'Beckett. The kingwas not frightened by this story,.but set to work again, and the gate was built• so well that now 'after the lapse of 630 years, it:was as firm as the 'ground on which itb?asfirst erected. He next referred tpa.te imprisonment of the.Bishop of Durhanm byi'Henry, who considered that he had not paid in all.the taxes collected as. the Chan cellor of the Exchequer. His imprisonment add eseapes wiere'also related' in ''a' humorous ediiher, and also 'the' failid of'bhis Royal Hi~inessPrinoe Grifin to escape some fifty or sixty years after, being killed- in . the fall. Thi'"im?'p qmniment, of Roger Mprtimier. was ne't. t &?ip?he upon, and the interviews between him and the Queen -'of Henry I:1-and 'his' esoan :ii the- d'Queen and their arrival in France, -to which place she followed 'him. Tti'eitetiibr:i e?dnimended his heiiers if- ever te~ " 'foimida themselves in gaol to fall :in love with the gaoljr's .wife, when their esoepe wouldhe .'easy' 'enough. The next Royal pdioiidige?' whose imprisonment was touched upon was Prince Charles of OliNeans, wlp had come into the power of the Englih~~ at the battle of Agincourt, when he was taken to London and a ransom of 300,000 crowns.plaed dpon his head, remain ing five-and-twenty years- before the money was raised. haksrpeare had filled the tower with different personages; He presented to them Glouces rI lt 'the Council Chamber and in otheir'psa'ritd had thrown a halo of,romance roundth e ow'er; . Thelecturer then thrillingly recited.Clarence's Dream, from' Shakspeare's "RioJardIII;'i amidst a great silence, and.was loudly applauded at its conclusion. After the condlusion iof'thie Wars of the Rdses, 'and when Henaiy' VII., was firmly seated on the throie, it was only prisoniers' 'of state who were indar cgralted in the Tower. T?The ease df'Dr. John Fisher-, Bishop of Rochester and Cardinal of Romeirwa¶'dwelt upon, whose imprisonment resumi*'froim' the protest he raised against the divorce of Catherine of Arragon. The Cardinal was eiglhty-four years of age when sent to the Tower, he was imiprisoned in the Belfry T ~?w differ`ed a great deal 'from the ifogs o-thb~' -The irprimsonment and death' of Sir Thomas More," tlih-"eleverest lawyer, chancellor of the'kizmgdom; and the most learned man of the ae, wais referred to. The lecturer related 'tli"e itdirvioew. between him i and' his daughter Margaret on his way to the. scaffold, as related by herself,.and.the account of his ezeeutlon..by 'Froude. His last words were, aftdir havi iis igned' for a moment's respite to remov hi'long flowing beard off the hbl6ok, m'?id .~"t' is a piy to cut that, it has never comi ? doitf tre'aon." 'With' referenoe to those who suffered death in the-time of Edward VI he .dard: ~hbtiitdfmdi t;o dwellj' thei'kise W: thee price of treason, Pt- they paid it; but t~aim interest in Lady Grey was not meisplaced, and their sympathy must be awakened at the optg~.tione of her life, and at the bloody death with which her spotless lifo was closed. He' coitrdisted the" conduct' :of: the Duke of Northumiberland, and his cringiinj pplicatidn for life at the eipense of hi5 companions, withi thiiat '.'of. his chief victim, Lady. Jane Grey. Thie lecturer related the incidents of her death, as also those 'of 'the: othersmentioned above;,' with a.pathos that produced a very powerful effect bn the audience. The deaths of Cran?ner, Ridley. and Latimer were next touched upon, end the recantation of Cranmer, which he with: drew on finding that it was the debasing "of the cause which was sought. The lecttier did not go into the dogmatic difference between the differeha'parties, but urged that similar deeds were committed by both parties, and that intolerance was the same under whatever name it existed. Theyshould pity such men as Sir Thomas More, who find themselves compelled for 'conscience sake to act in opposition to the state of the age, and striving' to do what was ~ght,'dcespite all: results. They adlnired a generous courage and self sacrifice equally ian an enemy as in a friend. The reign of Eliza beth was next -touched upon. 'Thoigh "na'6 marked with the same excesses as durinig' 'the life "sf her predecisors, 'anid "tl 'oib ' it was the boast of Englishinen that duing the first twelve years of her reign no one- wnas pt "to death for political' -offences, 'several notable persons were shut up in the. Tower. -.The most eminent was Sir Walter Raaleilgh. '"The lecturer dweltfor some time upon the character of this eminent 'statesman,- his appearance, his exploits,' and the cause of-his imprisonnient2 He expressed his opinion thait Sir Whlter and his wife were the parties whom Shakspeare!had in :view, when writing the love scenes between Othello and. Desdemona. He laid upon ?King' James the first of Englanrid and ixth of Scot. land' the'eterinal inifamy of Sir Walter Raleigh's inurder for the purpose of pleasing:the King of Spain. Sir Walter's demeanoui oi ' the scaffold was depicted in the most impressive terms.' With. reference to -the Gunpowder plot, he contended that it was not what King James ata~aid to'lead the publie to "bhlieve Thdugh" the 'sev'en Iadinig miies :~ere Caitbholii, he contended that it was not a plot concocted in Rome.- - He expressed his opinion that-if-the plot sucoceeded, James would have been hanonized as a sort of Protestant saint, and isat the' Catholic Emancilpation Act,'by which such tardy justice was :nieted "ut 'to the 'Catholicsg i,'.woild not 'have:. lbeen, passed to th':peseint 'day.' 'H~b 'iet ds'crid,' 'the attem? i. ade . by Colonel rlood .,and Hunt' to "steal the Crown!.jewels,.an u .attempt to' which the lecturer :expressed his belief King Charles -was a party; and he said he founded his opinion onthe fact that Blood, for stealin-g the jewels was.given £500 a year to live.upon,, while the 61??d man who was nearly killed in protecting them received a niote for £200, and his son; who was the person-who prevented the carrying out of the theft, a note on the' Exche quer for '100,' which notes they cobnld not get cashed. He next referred to the cn~it'i'n'the reign of Georgei I., ;ithe reboellion 'of, Soottish noblemen in 1715, and the imprisonment aiid escape of the"Earl!of Nithsdale, which'vas ac-. complished 'by thd 'exertions of his wi?.' th'l Countess of Nithsdale., . In concluding he.ijew" the attention of the audience .tothe. various: scenes the Towrer of London brought to thei're-' membrace 'from? the time'of Jiulias Ciesasi, '1ilI the' rise of the British Efouse'of Comm'ns,an~d remarked that it was one of those ~cenes Which once visited remained impressed on the memory for ever.. de drew a comparison of the Tower of the present day to what it was in the-past. The axe and the block now -only excited the curiosity of the visitors, and on holidays the voices of the children rang in chambers which the vizored headsman once occupied. And when they were driven forth by the tall yeoman of the guard dressed in the same costume as in the time of Henry VIII., on passing the gate' they were at once under the care'of :the- modern protector of -the:' ub'lici dressed in blue. Thus the old and .new mingled together.' 'As it was the' ?osst.i 'the rAeign of Elizabeth'that no'one ha~, been. put to death for political offences during the:first twelve years of her reign, so it might be the boast of them in the present day that no person' had suffered death for a political offence during the thirty-eight years of the reign of Victoria.-The lecturer then drew his magnifi cent oration to a close, by reciting a passage from Tennyson, and urged that " brotherhood" be the watchword of the people, if they desired to push on the great work of civilization and enlightenment, which would rapidly be brought about if England and her people but to them selves proved true. At the close of the.lecture, which occupied about·'san' hour. and forty-five- mitiutes in delivery, Mr "Clark was greeted with' tre inendous applause, and during the deliiery o his 'oration he'was repeatedly 'iiterrupted with demonstrations of approval and adnmiration, the attention of the audience evidently; being thoroughly rivetted on the lecturer. , A great portion of these 'two 'reports are from the Mereury,-reported in Maitland. Thereis a man in Brown County, Indianas, who is most portentously paternal'. Thrice has he'led a blushing bride to the altar.' No. 1 brought him ten pledges : No; 2 brought him also ten ;> the present incumbent eight. The grand total up to Aug.. 7, 1873, is, there fore, twenty-eight. Still this patriarch is ambitious. He sighs for .thirty I What a forcible' illuatration of the unsatisfactory nature of ill' eiarthly 'honours How gbnerally and how ungrateful is human discontent.-' Ta? PrtAiA's STriairAGE?;i A shbrt time ago, a pitmain ad hits wife had occasion to pass over Wylambridge, for which the charge is one halfpenny. The couple pospesed only that small.sum between :them, when they .re sorted the following stratagem to pass to the toll keeper :--Within a'few yards of ite 'toll• gate they began to qujiarrel' T-he toll-keeper htarin'g a noise1 asked what 'was the matter. "Wy, louk here, mistor," said Geordy, " in fe an'!n i me's just bhen' argee'ngm a bit.- a, said that .according te..tti' eriptors,,an whati the preeshor said wen we wor marreed, that we wor one,'de'yo See I" " Deeldedly, 'you' are one t" said the agreeable toll-keeper.'" -' Then hear' as had'poiniy:. that'll do for is byethi ' And away., marched Geordy' and his wife, across the bridge,, to thie great astonishmen?o the tollhkeeer. . : . :' " , It was midnight wheri Mr. Burger of Macon Ga.' discovered a coloied' preacher in 'his stablont4ng a hored and the preaher onaly bbsbredi'' Jes's' what' I' iaid"'1 'l~'tei'e" i nte, Mistebh' ?ibge ; 'Ybi ' :hosis'bsy, sure enilff and dat 'spute between me an' Brudder Jack son is mottled.' 