CHLOROFORM DANGERS. [From the Scientific American ] The death of another patient in the dental chair, while under the influence of chloroform, again attracts public attention to the dangers attending the use of that anaesthetic. This latest accident occurred in Boston, and the opinion of the physicians points to the fact that the lungs of the deceased were affected by con sumption, and hence unable to throw off the influence of the volatile spirit. However, the Jury impanelled at the Coroner's inquest ignore in their verdict the previous condition of the patient, and, while asserting that the death was due directly to the inhalation of the chloroform, add that, owing to our present lack of know ledge regarding the same, its use as an anaes thetic is utterly unjustifiable. They also recommend legislative enactments to prevent its administration. The distressing effects of sulphuric ether upon a large class of patients, more especially those of extreme nervous temperament, have been the cause of the preference given to chloro form by many physicians. It is argued that the latter anaesthetic is not dangerous so long as the inhaler's heart is not affected, and that its more speedy acion in producing insensi bility is eminently advantageous in many sur gical operations. But these claims in its favor, it must be conceded, are greatly outweighed by the consideration that, while there are re peated instances of death being tbe direct sequel of the administration of chloroform, there is no record of ether having produced fatal results. It does not appear needed, however, that legislation should interfere to check the use of chloroform, since the growing tendency of the medical profession is in favor of pure ether as a substitute, or else a mixture of chloroform, ether, and alcohol, which, we understand, pro duces good results without causing the dan gerous depressing effect of the chloroform or the nausea of ether. The employment of nitrous oxide in dental surgery is also greatly extending ; and since it is both a harmless as well as an agreeable anaesthetic, it possesses peculiar advantages in connection with the rapid operation of removing teeth, or, in fact, with almost any case in which a minute or two of time is ample for the purpose. As regards the proper treatment of patients who fall into a dangerous syncope while under the influence of chloroform, there is some differ ence of opinion among physicians. The most recent mode of procedure (which the eminent French surgeon, Dr. Nelaton, not long since deceased, as well as Dr. Sims, of this city, both state to be very efficacious, having in six different instances saved the patient's life) is as follows (we extract it from the Tribune) : — These surgeons had come to the conclusion that death from the inhalation of chloroform was immediately caused by a want of proper determination of blood to the brain. 'The want of this stimulant to the brain's action rapidly led to the suspension of other vital organs of the economy. When, therefore, M. Nelaton's patient, upon whom he was operating, suddenly ceased to breathe, he caused his legs and body to be elevated, the head hanging downward. The blood, by specific gravity, tended to the brain. Artificial respiratton was kept up, and after a time the patient again began to breathe of his own volition. He was laid back upon the table, and the operation was about to be continued, when it was noticed that he had again ceased to breathe. The same process was gone through with, and again the patient was resuscitated. A third, and even fourth, time he relapsed into the state that would have been death, and each time his breathing was restored by this process. The fifth time he relapsed the effects of the antaes thetic had almost passed off; and, while the patient was suspended in the air, head down ward, and when artificial respiration had just ceased, with the returning regular breathing he asked M. Nelaton why they were holding him in that extraordinary position. The operation was finished without further administration of the anaesthetic, and it resulted successfully. In the other cases the patients were resuscitated, the medical men having charge of them testify, by the same process. These cases are considered enough to demonstrate, with a reasonable degree of certainty, the proper treatment to be followed in cases of syncope and approaching death, from the inhalation of chloroform.' We have received from Messrs. E. S. Wigg ft Son a new work by' K. S. Whitwortb, entitled 'Cobb's Box.' Like some of Mr. Whitworth's former works, this consists of a series of well-told tales, supposed to have been repeated to the author on the box seat of one of Cobb's coaches in the various parts of Australia and New Zealand. The tales are strung together with a slight thread of narrative, and are prefaced by a capital introduction, giving a historical sketch of the great Coaching Com pany which for near a quarter of a century has been knows in the colonies as 'Cobb's.' The tales are supposed to be told either by the coachmen or by fellow-travellers of the author, and they form Interesting reading. They com prise 'The Murder by the Hut,' ' How James Bradley Came up to Time,' 'The Dream Wit ness,' 'Machett Under Difficulties,' 'The Ghost in the Glass,' 'Bum and Bitters,' and 'A Grim Joke.' Though the stories aro possessed of various degrees of merit, they are all worth reading, and they give a good idea of some phases of colonial life. - . - We have received from Mr. Woodman, music publisher, a copy of the song ' Don't go, Mollie Darling ' which was sung with so much success by Mr. Beaumont Bead, of Madame Bishop's company. It is a simple air, the music being by Edward Kearns, and the words by F. Mean, 