Intercolonial News in Brief. A YOUNG solicitor, named Leary, died in Auckland a few days ago, and a settler has declared on oath that at the time Leary died in Auckland he saw him, as plainly as in the flesh, sitting in his house at Hamilton. The settler, too, declares he is not a believer in ghosts. Agricultural news from Victoria, is, on the whole, favorable, although heavy rains have materially interfered with the crops in many districts. Stock of all kinds are doing well, as there is a plentiful supply of feed, but the cold weather is retarding shearing operations. At the annual horse show, Melbourne, the highest price realised at the sale was 980 guineas, paid by Mr. G. Roskrudge, of New Zealand, for Black Champion. The Tasmanian Government propose a tax of Is. in the £ on the value of property. A miner named James Downing was smothered by foul air, when examining a well in the Mag num Bonum mine, Maryborough (Vie). At Sydney, Charles Rose, alias Smith, alias Allen, has been committed for trial on three charges of forgery. Prisoner could scarcely spell or write. At Auckland (N. Z.), a man has been fined £5 for adulterating milk with water to the ex tent of 40 per cent. The Bendigo Advertiser says the suicidal mania is alarmingly on the increase in that district Another case occurred last week, a man named William Ball, a carpenter, aged 60, having out his throat. The suicide had been a staunch teetotaller for several years. Last month 102,000 fat sheep crossed from Moama (Riverina) into Victoria. The AUumbagh, 100 days out, arrived at Auckland (N. Z.) with 400 immigrants. Four teen children and two adults died on the voyage. The Port Adelaide (S. A.) Corporation have addressed a letter to Mr. Plimsoll, thanking him for his eminent philanthropic services on behalf of the mercantile seamen of Great Britain. At Auckland (N.Z.), Vans, a publican, has been fined £24 and costs for a breach of the Licensing Act, for Sunday liquor- selling. The proposed new Scab Act in Tasmania, which is excessively Btringent in all its clauses, has created great indignation amongst the pastoralists there, and meetings are being held to protest against its introduction. It is just eight years since the North and Middle Island (N.Z.) were connected by tele* graph. There were 108 stations in the colony at the end of last year. Thje bark of the melaleuca, or bottle-brush, apparently answers all the purposes of ordinary writing-paper. On specimens forwarded by Mr. Hogg, of Lake Hindmarab, Victoria, to several newspaper offices, inscribed with a few lines, the writing is quite legible, and perfectly free from blot or slur. Messrs. Brogden and Bons have made the offer to build a railway from the Thames (NJZ.) to the Waikato. The terms are that the Got* ernment pay the firm in 200,000 acres of land. Typhoid fever is said to be spreading at Gulgong (N.S.W.), and the Government are about to send a commission of medical men to inspect and report upon the sanitary condition of the town. Great numbers of forged £5 notes of the Bank of New South Wales are in circulation in Melbourne. Thi Claud Hamilton, s, took ISOOou. of gold from Port Darwin (N.S.) to Adelaide this week. Ths 8. M. Herald of the 3rd instant remarks : —Mr. E. S. Hill, J.P., has been requested to procure choice samples of the different kinds of maize in cultivation in this colony, for the purpose of Exhibition at Philadelphia. To send make to Philadelphia may appear very like sending coals to Newcastle ; but any exhibition of the products of New South Wales would be incomplete without a good collection of "corn." The annual produce of the crop exceeds 4,000,000 bushels, and the value of the surplus for exportation exceeds £300,000. At Geelong, Mr. Gunsler, who undertook the management of the business of Messrs. Hughes and Co., when they got into difficulties, has paid all the creditors 20a. in the £ —amounting to over £6000. The latter have presented him with a gold watch and an illuminated address. Five hundred and fifty-two bags of tin-ore were received from the tin-mines of New England by the Clarence and New England S. N. Co., during the past fortnight. The Pastoral Times aayß there's scarcely a marriageable female to be found in Wilcannia (N.S.W.), or within fifty miles thereof, and it is reported a number of bachelors are about to leave the Darling for Sydney and Melbourne, to try the matrimonial markets thereat. Out of a male population of 430,000 in Vic toria, 142,805 having their names on the electoral roll, only 80,708 persons thought fit to vote at the last general election. Snow, in considerable quantity, fell at Toung (Lambing Flat) on Thursday last. The Intercolonial Exhibition (Melbourne) was opened on the 2nd mstant by Hiß Excellency the Acting- Governor, who was received by a guard of honor and attended by a numerous staff. About 5000 persons were present to wit ness the ceremony, completely crowding the building. Nearly 4000 season-tickets have been disposed of. The whole display gives very fair evidence of the manufacturing and general in dustrial resources of the colonies. Nearly every description of product is well represented. A man named Sawyer, an employe in the Bank of Victoria, has been arrested on a charge of being oovnerned in the recent bank-vote rob bery in Melbourne. Richard Whycross Saivera, reiving teller in the bank, has been arrested for embezzling £1400. He has partially ad mitted km guilt, and this, it is thought, may probably lead to the recovery of the missing or stolen notes. Thk gates and booths at Randwiok, for the coming races, have been sold for £1700. The formation of a Humane Society has been proposed at a meeting of the Cruelty Prevention Society at Sydney. A very curious volume on Freemasonry and Egyptology has been beautifully written and illuminated by Mr. Alex. Euston, an inmate of the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, Victoria. It is proposed to dispose of the M.S. by Art union. Several Victorian members of Parliament have waited upon the Minister for Mines and Rail ways to urge the desirability of constructing a railway from Griffith's Point to Cape Patterson, for the development of the Western Port and Kilcunda Coal Mines. It was stated that a traffic of 3000 tons per week could be relied upon. A ewe, the property, of Mr. James Josephs, of the Carlton, Tasmania, has given birth to three fine lambs this and the two preceding years. r 6 A correspondent of the Melbourne Argus con jeotures.tbat "diphtheria proceeds from the use of kerosine oil in badly-trimmed, badly-cleaned lamps, used in close, ill-ventilated rooms, the poisoning fumes from the smoking lamps inju riously affecting the delicate, sensitive, predis posed organs of some children, while adults, from their stronger fibre, and greater freedom of volition, are almost strangers to the attack." Respecting the value of the New Zealand timber trade, the Auckland correspondent of the Otago Guardian writes as follows :—" From a return recently prepared for the Government I find that we have fourteen saw-mills in full working order, in what is known as the Thames District alone, the total cost of which, with their plants, has been returned at £106,855 ; while the present value of the mills, plants, standing forest^ and timber in stock is estimated at £209,782, of which the logs in stock in the bush or at the mills is calcfilated at £64,982. The number of men employed in the mills and forests is 678. There are continuously employed in the timber trade 27 vessels, manned by 82 men; Iheße are, of course, irrespective of the large number U chartered vessels employed for special freights. The total average amount of timber cut annually is 27,600,000 feet, the value of which is estimated at £120,750." THE.other day (says the Riponihirt Advocate), whilst conversing with a resident of the bush not far from Beaufort, the high price now ruling for stock cropped up, when the countryman re marked that "he would not trouble himself about beef and mutton ; kangaroos were numer ous in the ranges, and he intended to live upon them until such time as the price of stock had somewhat depreciated." He stated that he ad vised his friends to follow his example, and that they intended doing so. The Otelong Advertiser states that the local Bench was afforded an opportunity of deciding on the relative value of locks and limbs on Friday. A young man who had ventured to break open a padlock belonging to one of the gates of the Eastern Park was fined £5, and a few minutes afterwards a fine of 20s. was in flioted for breaking a man's knee- cap, and 40s. for nearly cutting an old woman's arm off. Spellino bees (says the Melbourne Herald) are swarming in all directions in South Australia, At one of them, over which the Rev. Mr. Jefferies, L.L.8., presided, the word " syllabus" occasioned a dispute, a competitor maintaining that he had often seen it spelt " sillabus." The chairman said it was a difficult point for him to decide, as the competitor was so positive. He, therefore, gave him the benefit of the doubt. Fancy a public lecturer being unable to decide on such a word as " syllabus !" In the eyes of those who " know, you know," it must have made him look very silly. The Argus states that Japan has forwarded a large and interesting collection to the Melbourne Exhibition, and officials of high rank in the Government have been accredited to act as com missioners there. Their names are Haruo Sokata and M. Hashimoto. They have both visited Europe, and the former was attached to the Japanese Commission at the Vienna Exhibition of 1873. They are accompanied by two other officials, M. Funaki and K. Eda, who are con nected with the Agricultural department of Japan, and whose mission here is to collect in formation relative to agricultural pursuits, the process of sheep breeding, and the method of settlement on the lands. 