STRAY NOTES. Since the publication of the epistle said to have emanated from a gentleman at Sandy Bay, in which it wus stated the ghost had been caught, people in all parts ofthe city have been anxiously waiting to hear his ghostship, or to see whether proceedings arc to be taken against tne supposed person who assumed the white robe in which the knowing ones say ghosts appear. If anv person can lay his hand upon the Sandy Bay apparition I trust that he will have him brought to justice, and that'hc will lie dealt with in the same manner as the ghost was who recently made his appearance in Ireland. Of this gentleman 1 have to report ns follows: — An Irish ghost story has guicrally something to do with the hans'icc. or dcatii warner, hut a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred iu the wilds of Kerry the other day is snfiieicntly thrilling, although, the apparition con cerned had no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman residing in Glenfiesk received a call from the spirit of her husband, a "mnn of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves." The farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some months hack, although he ought to he in heaven, lie wns detained elsewhere on account of owing a sum of £15 to friends of his, and lie begged of his wife to give liiin the money. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a few days if lie came for it. Alcnnwbilc she went and tcld the priest the circumstances of the case, and this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Alicky Free, who may be remembered by the readers of "Charles O'Mally." iVlien the ghost in complete burial cos tume arrived for the bank-note, lie was nt once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to be a mere pretender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. The shroud, the stockings, and, above all, the gloves, were at once recog nised by the poor woman as the most fitt ing garments for her husband, as they were the last in which she hud seen him. If be had presented himself in the more questionable guise of a finnucl jacket and corduroys she might have wondered how he contrived to procure a change of work ing clothes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who have some difficulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly pkantoins The Glenfiesk ghost has not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to charuel properties ought to be a lesson to those who represent spirits in shooting coats or walking dresses. A writer in the S. M. Herald has been trying the effect of an allegory. He speaks thus : — Once, in the far South, there was n noble city which hid' fair to become the joy -of the whole earth; Unrivalled for beauty of situation, she' was, as a con venient seaport, the centre of a prosperous commerce. Wealth flowed iu on all sides, and many rich mcrchnnts resorted thither. Year by year, indeed, month by month, the city grew larger and larger, and her streets were ever more and more adorued by' stately buildings. Learning, science, the flue arts, all flourished ; and better than everything else, the fume of the city's climate drew many sick persons from dis tant countries to seek for health, that best of gifts, without which all else is unen- joyable. Things went on in this manner 'for many years, but slowly and surely, a sad and disastrous change was approaching. Two strong invisible powers, lethargy and indifference, were working for .evil, and began by blinding the eyes of the citizens to their danger. A terrible foe, disease, had also his secret emissaries at work ; and they poisoned the water, caused the drains to be neglected, and all the gutters to be left full night and day with the dirt, refuse and, decaying vegetable matter that col lected there. Aleanwhile there was a great and influential body of citizens, who met at stated times to. hold- grave counsel to gether.- Their two principal duties were to provide' for the cleanliness of the city, and to further its outward improvement by making new buildings for public meet ings or amusements. Alas ! this first and most important care, ou which' the health of all depended, gave way, generally speak ing, to tne second and comparatively un important matter, And now a ipoft immi- nent crisis arrived. The funds at their disposal were at a very low ebb, and some thing must, be abandoned. Many and bitter tears did the city's guardian angel iiieu at the rash and- blind decision. The streets must he repaired, but'ilevcr mind tne fountains of wutcr or the daily clean- sings. Now beats the summer sun with inorc than its wonted heat— the air is heavy with impurities — the parched earth, so sorely in need of rain, almost refuses to yield her fruit in its due season. Will there be a pestilence ? Hovers the nngcl ol death with his black wings outspread over the devoted city ? Hush ! for even now, n some ofthe narrowest and most crowd ed streets, there is a cry oi great grief, f«t many young children arc taken. Awake I throw off your sloth, your lethargy, your indiftercucc, 'oh citizens 1 Call together quickly a council of your most learned and most wise men, and let them consult ou the host means foraverting this scourge that hangs over your city, and which might have fallen long ago. Begin by fencingin the laud near the water reser voirs, to keep the minimis from straying tiicrc and mnking impure the sources. Tiic Pleasant Creek S'ews says some funny things. The latest that has come under my natico is the following: — It is not often that the dry dotails of business transactions afford joking matter, but the following incident shows that it sometimes occurs. An up-country stationer who sends to Stawcll for his nnimal supply of valen tines, received his consignment in due course recently. After examining it he wrote to the effect that a sufficient variety had not been sent, and that he needeel some "infants in arms," and "asses' heads" —two kinds of article known to the trade. He received as answer the following note, written in good faith, and apparently in all seriousness : — " Hear Sir, — Yours to hand ; ' infants' will arrive during the week. Cannot send ( asses' heads, ' as all we have will be required iu - Stuwell. Would have sent them nt nt first, but thought your neighborhood already well supplied. " OlijA Podrida. 