ABOUT TOWN. The races,-, durin'g-utlie week that bu just passed by like n carnival, have made short work with the ghost, who, with (be exception of in the minds of a few of tie very smallest children,' has suuk into oblivion, and will have to perform some still more ,- wonderful, feats ; than he era has yet succeeded . in astonishing people with, before, lie, cam regain his position in I public estimation or notice. An ordinate I race week .was not sufficient to accompiiin I this healthy reaction in public" thought, I but the new course, the grand stand, and, I above oil, ,,the, live trains running on tie I line; 1 being 'such ' powerful and unused I nccessorcs, the desired cud hus twee I unquestionably - attained. No doull I -the visit . p_aid by so many thou- I sands 'out' into the pure air, and away I among: the!"alhi6st' subiimo natural set- I roundings of Elwiclc,' has had an improviat I influence upon the citizens, young and I old, of Southern Tasmania and Kanpna I Point. This must have been.the case, bolt I .physically. nnd morally, unless, pcrluv, I in regura to where the betting comes id, i and .the. gambling., .incidentals, -,wbid I appear "'to be ' inseparable— "althougb I I foopy 'bey. .were,, not such- pfomieeet I features "of the Eliviek' meeting as tbcyait I :on ' older: courses. - To those1' gentlemen I who have any qualms of conscience with I regard' J,to; the' perfect1 legitimacy of I acquiriag money, by these free, and easy I rncnna/f can'reco'innfeiid 'a"m'ost excellent I salve.; i,The Benevolent Society — which ii I an iristitntion for the , relief of destitute I persons principally, but also serves as t I means' or assistingthoee whodo not affeel I personnl charity ui'being ' able to get rid I of nn importunate --beggnr '.with a ticket I for soup— is in want or-rands, and a tithe, I or even a hundredth of the winings of I those who have sport at heart in prefereett I to greed and gain, would put the jade- I fatigable; committee , in a fiourisbieg I financial position: M At present the asir I seriptiqn'Iist of the, Society ..is comprised 1 of only sixty-three names, ;but I have ao fear it the racing community .were properly appealed to that the number ot signature! would. be at once, doubled,- and the aasetl increased .to. a very raueh greater extent. Verb.iap. ' The -butchers of Hobart ! Town hart only two sources of hope left them in their present anomalous circumstances— beiag I compelled to supply the inhabitants with very dear meat, and still realising no pros'- AVith their present disabilities,. ana un- toward surroundings they have. not even the gratification or feeling that theyue looked upon as the public benefactor), which, indeed, they-iqust bo admitted to he, by those who are made aware of the fact, that although. they charge 5d and oh per (lb . for legs of - mutton, they low on \- ever.one they' sell,- and have nothing to rely upon for meeting their engagement' but the deficit thus occasioned, 'ibc oni; two things they can do"ia'to appeal'0 ' Tallerman, or form'u company for the no portation of sea elephant .flesh, wbice admitted to be good eating ifwclleeoxe The ann's of the innovation ' lies entirety with the butchers,'' for as long as j' general public are' supplied by4 the, aicriftcing instincts of the purvevora, tt usual way, it may be depended 'on, toq H will not be persuaded to move au inoaw the matter". H A good deal has reoently .been about the condition of the peopw of 1 ..mania, and 'various remedies have ; been suggested for its improvement. 1 One of the most/amusirig: is: thati of trying to ... introduce more competitors for. bread into, j itnpon the supposition (which it a tenable 7'ohe)/thatit is, much Jess disagreeable to. "starve" and (fluffer, in .company itliau to. \- put up/ with; poverty in: a comparatively 1 solitary manner. Unfortunately for those \- who, believe in this paradoxical, panacea, tneemigruting ; birds of the Old ; World ,aie not;,to be, caught, by ordinary .chaff ; 1 ' they, require the genius and recourses of n el'.fo perfluadc. them.to come near. :In athe Ja8t session8. of our Parliament a pro . ppsltionjwith a much better ring to.it.'was ./made! byMr., Dooley to the effect that /Maud sboiildf be. given on, easy terms.: to "" native Trismanians to encourage them to r stop, as, , well as to immigrants: toiiinducc "themto come. I have no hesitation iu ad- . . iriittmg that. Mr. Dooley's; scbemc : formed /'.the material,; for )a wondrous i step in the right direction,' which would; have caused ; for(generationB .to conic animation and cn- " terprisc to take the place of that lethargy „autl, (want of vitality which paralyse the /'"'sons -/of the soil in their own native land.' .But there arc men calling attcntion'to, in' ' ' these latter days.the old, Jewish command, " Thou'shalt notsell.thc land for ever," either to alien or native born, but shall _hold_it.iu trust for the people, and of all the fair..countries inithe world where their teachings should be seriously and promptly considered. Tasmania, as a . comparatively ne\fr land, stands first. , Even now mouo- poly hasluid its c'rueliroti hand on the fairest and. most fruitful srictions, aud left nothing 'bht/rdcks'ahd precipices' for thcib/ia Jide 'tiller of the! soil, and if.we continue \ the goose with )thc golden egg process it will require, but a short time for the, whole surface" of' the colony to find its way 'into the hands of the few whose souls arc in sheep, and. whose only, aspirations arc for high wool markets and a heavy clip of that, product. - A.fcw tracts from the Vic-; torianLand League, and . a free distribu tion 'of thd utterances of John Stuart Mill and Herbert .Spencer on the subject would do more good in enlightening Tas- maniuns on the danger they are: in, nud how to avoid it, thau all the vapouriugs of a Parliament, arid nllthe grumbling of a people, neither/of which seriously enter tain a single broad, progressive, or;rcforin- atory idea., ' >. , The volunteer movement is slowly, and, perhaps, all the morc , surely, developing itself, for ihe youngsters arc rolling up in a manner, to show:thut there will be no. want ofthe. /raw, "material. , ,The oldsters and- the influential arc, however, rather, more chary of giving in their- adhesion ; . but, if they .see a prospect ot. cffjctual. orguuisa- tion being realised without their having to exert themselves much in the matter, they i will shortly be gathered in/ They could hot resist the, temptation of at once joining if they were fully assured that the thousand stand of rifles which, it is suid, the British Govcrnmentis willing to offer . were on their way out to Iiobart Town. -I;-.!:- J'! in. v. A: ; ! VOX 