MR BRIGHT AND MR 'GLAD STONE. To the right of Mr Lowe I see a figure which, foreshortened, from my point of view, is chiefly distinguishabla by a hat and pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker fashion. about the cut of the hat or garments, there is a breadth about the former and a looseness about the latter suggestive of Quaker associations. Perhaps if my idea were mercilessly analysed it would: appear that it has its growth in the knowledge that I am looking down on Mr Bright, and that I know Mr Bright is of .Quaker parentage. But I am jotting down my impressions as I re ceive them. Mr Bright does not address the House to-night, but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Chiltern, who has heard them, speaks quite sorrowfully of the evi dence they give of failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Commons under his. command, with as much ease as Apollo, held in hand the fiery coursers. of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more; he hesitates in choosing words, is not sure of the sequence of his phrases, and resumes his seat with evident gratefulness for the renewed rest. Chiltern 'adds that much of this nervousness is probably owing to a sen sibility of the expectation which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is not about to make the "great speech" which lhas been looked for ever since he returned to his old place. But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright is already a tradition in the House of Commons, and it is but the ghost of the famous Tribune who now nightly haunts the scene of his former. glories. Mr Glad stone was sitting next to AMr Bright, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favourite atti tude with him. His legs were stretched. out, his hands loosely clasped before him, and his head thrown back, resting on the cushion at the back of the seat, no that the soft light from the illumi nated roof shone full on his upturned face. It is. a beautiful face, soft as a woman's, very pale and.worn, with fur rowed lines that tell of labour done and sorrow lived through. ' Here again I am conscious of the possibility of my impressions being moulded by my . knowledge of facts; but I fancy I see a'great alteration dince last I looked on Mr Gladstone's,face, now two years ago. It was far away from hero,. in a big wooden building in a North Wales town. ':He was on a platform sur rounded by grotesque men in blue gowns and 'caps; which marked high rank in Celtie bardship. At that time he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow him, and .president of . a Ministry that thwarted all his steps. . His face looked much harder then, and his eye glanced restlessly round, taking in every move ment of the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to exist in a hectic flush of life, and was utterly incapable of taking rest. Now his face, though still thin, has filled up. The lines on his brow and under his eyes, though too deeply fur rowed to be eradicable, have been smoothed down, and the Pope being, let us hope, finally slain, there is about his face a sense of peace and a pleasant look of rest. Chiltern says that some times when the right hon. gentleman has boon in the House this session he has during the progress of a debate momentarily sprung into his old atti tude • of earnest, eager attention, and there have been eiitical maorments when his interposition -in debate has appearud imminent. But he has conquered the impulse, lain back again on the bench, and let the House go its own way. It is very odd, Chiltern says, to have him sitting there silent in the midst of so much talking.-Gent lemarn's Maga~iine. 