NO MORE TAMPERING WITH ROME ! To the Editors of tlie Protestant Standard.) Sirs, — Freeman! s Journal says (but pray how is it possible for any " free man" to be in alliance with slavish Ultramontanism ? bah ! the name is a priestly blind !) that Dr. Manning has been summoned to Rome to be dubbed Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, and at the same time "formally installed successor to Pio Nono as Pope." 'Tis an event of import as re gards England and the Colonial dependencies, for it is well known that the Doctor's zealous and able labours have wrought marvels among the young and rising sciolists of the aristocracy, and amongst the lively sentimental nymphs — the future mammas of the upper ten — who are ever astir to grace the zeal of young beardless priests who . minister at Church of England " altars," and how and scrape and do obeisance before a consecrated " host !"— (their soul and ' body of. divinity.) Who can wonder at such a set leaping into the withered arms of oily-mother Rome? Let them go ; one and all, my lord, lady and lap-dog, and keep in countenance my Lord Ripon and Marquis Bute. Let them place soul, body and estate under the manage of adroit Jesuit Fathers, and noque ad arno, and hear them contort the "truth as it is in Jesus " into a lie, viz., "That all is well with their souls ; that there is salvation in .no other name than that of Holy Mother Papal." O most deceitful falsehood! to lie against the Holy Ghost and the name of the Blessed Jesus ! for so Rome does ! Ah! my Hon. Mr. Gladstone, do we not know, without your affirmation, that' it is amongst the middle-class of Britain we find the patent preserving salt, of the nation, the savour of which keeps their hearts- core "true as steel" in defence of the truth, so pure of old ! O let but the middle section of society awake to the danger of Rome's insidious march for supreme control in England, then their great big hearts' pulsations will throb in unison. The Scots, in unison with the pious heroism of their holy martyrs and confessors ! The English,, in glad accord, with the calm dignified mien of Ridley, Latimer, and Cranmer, and their hosts of exileB and worthies ! The Irish, the poor, down trodden, priest-ridden, yet warm-hearted peasantry, in rags, ill-taught, ill-fed, slaves of sacerdotalism — worshipping his Reverence and his wafer-god, and who for his every service demands a fee. Poor Paddy's heart, wanned by the simple gospel story of Christ's love, will beat in unison with the "Men of Ulster." And all together clad in the panoply of honest worth will cause their voice to .be heard in accents of command— ' " No more tampering with Popery !" Even at this present we hear the sound borne o'er the billows of .the Atlantic and the Pacific of an awakened Protestant spirit in Homeland. Events conspire to augment its volume, and power, and strike an alarum in the ears of the carcleuand lukewarm. Itreaoheathe courtly circles of the lisping; prattling, semi-papal beaux and, bdlea, who in their homes and in churches . lore to' 1 don the manners, and .habits of the Papalini in worship ; for 'tis no secret, it need not be told in the ears of His Grace the Primate in hift' Archiepiscopal palace at Lambeth, that thes6 pretty daughters of England may be found in their artistically-beautiful boudoirs, kneeling before. "a cross and its image-hung crucifix, or before a pretty Italian "Madonna and infant" chaunting "Marie hymnals," all set off as beseems the fancy of the fair and sentimental devotees in the chastest choicest style' of mediaeval art modernized. '. Ah ! Mr. W. E. Gladstone, methinks 'twas time for thee, knowing .the tendency of these things, at the eleventh hour to 'veer round and chime in again with the manly heart of the nation, after all thy favouritism to Papalism in Ireland and Puseyisin in England, for thou hast a quick wit to scan where. British true honour dwelleth. And of Quaker-friend- John . Bright, see him now. He comes forth with his fazee and bundle of squibbs and. cheap crackers to divert the " liberals " of his party as he shows to ridicule the Fehian cry of John Mitchel — "Home Rule for Ireland, and Ireland for Paddy and the Pope !" Gladstone and Bright are English men first and they are Pusey and Quake second. Hence their intelligence is shocked at priests presuming to assume supremacy in faith and morals or aught else over their noble Queen Victoria. And, moreover, being privy or cognizant of the Btraiige- goings-on in high-life, and dreading the issue 'of all that's on the tapis, which is now beyond their ability to stem, they sound that key-note of alarm as a warning, and abide the issue. This from them is well done, and yet we trust them not. Our reliance is with them who fear God and honor the Queenly Pro testant Majesty of Viotoria. They are the salt of the land whose savour has made Britain great and free. And, thank God, such we have, in Australia, and will give a. good account of it in themselves, too, if need be. NEMO. 