LADY MACNAMARA.'S STORY. (Fao a ALL Tae, YeAE ROUND). It was eight-and-thirty years ago, and I.had been married five or six years, when I went to live at M3anorbere Lodge. The ship in which my husband had been first lieutenant was paid off. He had got his rank as commander, but had no immediate prospect of employ. ment afloat, so his mind naturally turned to the occupation be loved best, next to his profession- -fox-hunting: a passion for which sport came to him by nature, as the second son of a Lincolushire squire. His younger son's portion, with my dowryand his pay, though altogether making up a comfortable income, would not suffice for that very expensive amusement, unless we could find a house in a good situation, at a moderate rent; and we were looking for such a boase when one day Dick came in, radiant with expectation, to tell me he had heard of one beyond the dreams of avarice, or rather of economy. It was in the heart of the shires, within easy reach of three first-rate packs, had capital stabling, and was all to let by the year at a fabulously low rental. It is a maxim with me that nothing is to bo had for less than its value, so I was not quite so sanguine as Dick ; but I agreed with him in thinking it worth while to run down and look at the place.: He went, and came back delighted. He had spared no pains to find out what there counid be amiss with the house, but had come to the conclusion that it was almost faultless. Indeed, it seemed to him such a.prize that he had feared to lose it by delay, and had taken it at once for-a yearcertain, "I am sore you will like it, my love,' he said. ' It is an old house, a great deal larger and hand somer than we want, but that does not matter.' I was quite content so that he pleased, himself, and a very few days saw us settled at Mlanorbere. I found the place. all that Dick had said it was. The house as it now stood had apparently beet otnly a sing of the ancient mansion. Part of the principal building had . beeni completely pulled down, but flr some reason or other a portion-abutting upon the present house had been left standing, and was con verted, the lower part into a :art-house, and, the first-fluor into a place for oarpenter's work, lumber, and so forth. On the ground-fhor the communication had been walled up, where a door had formerly opened upon a passage running nearlythe length of the preeunt house. A similar corridor ran along the first floor, and here the disused part of the house was divided from the dwelling only. by a strung oaken door, heavily barred anribolt-d. A staircase led , up from the ground-floor to this end of the corridor; but it was seldom used, as we inhabited the ilts at the other extremity, and the servants' chambers were reached abo.by a different stair. The door itself- looked as if it could resist everything except treachery in the garrison,: and even a traitor would have had- some difliculty in removing the defences, so rusted were they in their places. There was nothing at all gloomy about the house. The rooms were large and light, with the ample windows charac teristic of English houses erected before the imposition of. the window-tax gave our builders their present traditions. The principal sitting- rootm was a very large one on, the groind-flor, looking nearly south, aid catching all the sun shinein its bay-windows. These opened on a raised terrace, beneath which was a pretty flower-sarden, and there was a paddock with filoe trees beyond. The stables were of much later date than the house, and were excel lent. Of course we soon made acquaintance with our neighbours, and the assetmbhes to see the hounds throw off on a fine morning were very pleasant atid soci able.. We had no close carriage, and our house was at a considerable distance from any visitable familiis, en at first we declined all dinner inivitations. But that sort of thing never goes on long when those concerned ate still young, cheerful, amld sociable, and very soon we gut tinto the way of going frequently to dine tid sleep at our ueighbours' ,laces. At the very first of these ditiner parties, the- truth came out about 31 uaor bhere. •It is very nice havitg yo onld Captain Macnainara at Alaiourbere,' said a -oertaiu lively Mrs JIlruodriuk to me, whent we nladies went to the drawingroou afsrltor diunor. 'I do so hate havirg a house shut up; and, indeed, there was a talk last year of its eiog pulled ldown, since nobody would take it,' ' But why would nobody take it? i- 1 think it is so charminig,' said I. ' Well, perhaps it is foolish; but you know a great many people really do not like living in a houa that has such a name.' ' A name for what ?' ' Being hanuted.' ' Haunted !' 'Good gracions: did not you know about the ghost ?' I burst out laughing. ' o that is the reason of our getting it so cheap ? I am really very much obliged to the ghost.' ' How odd that von should not have heard of it! Hiut I am so sorry I mentioned it. You are so mucnah alone there. I hope it won': make you uonoomfortable.' 'Thank you; it only makes me laugh. But do tell me the story of the house.' IlHush!' said another lady, 'don't talk about it now. Here comes Mrs Dormer' (our hostess), 'and she never quite likes the subject.' My curiosity, however, being roused, I begged M[rs Brodrick -the first time an opportunity offered for a tete-k tote to give me partioalars as to our tiers-parti at M.1anorbore. And this is the substance of her narrative : The last family that had lived in the house was that of Colonel Fearon, a widower with three daughters. They were a very pleasant, cheerful set; hospitable as far as their means, which were nout very large, would allow ; and ready to promote or to join in anything that was proposed in the way of social amusement. But nnfortunately a few mouths aftertheirarrival the colonel got a bad fall not hunting, and became for a time a confirmed invalid. He recovered ultimately, but at that period it was feared that he never would be himself again. His nervous system was so affected by the blow he had received on t the spinie, that he could bear hardly any noise or company, and he was s,, weak as to be reduced to a whee!.chair in which to take air and exercise. The family had selected for their own occu pa tion the same set of rooms *ve had chosen for ourselves at the opposite end of the corridor from the condemned door, and the rooms near ti it were reserved for guests. The hitherto gay and lively house had, however, for some trwie become quite changed in character, the girls giving up all society at home uocuin. plainingly, for their fatlisr's sake. Eleanor, the eldest, thought, however, after a time, that it was a pity her young sisters,. Effie and Luc, should he debarred from taking part in the gaities suited to their age which were going on during the winter; so the girls took it in turn to go out two and two together, some neighlboring mna tron being always ready to ant as chaperon when they joined her at the ball or soir6e. On one of these occa sions two young friends wie had come to the satme party from some distance on the other side of Manurbere, had been offered a night's loJgiug at the latter place to save them the long winter drive after midnight, and also that they mtight accompany the Fearons to a ball on the ensuing evening. Though it was not very late when the girls returned home, the invalid had retired to rest, and Eleanor was ready to follow his ex ample, when she heard her sisters and their friends coioing up.stairs, and went out in her dressing-gown to meet them, and see that they had all things comfortable in their rooms. The girls wero in high spirits, and, though subduing their voices le-t they should waken their father, Eleanor feared that some incautious lanth or excla niation might disturb him; so enjoin ing silence by a gesture, site led the way to the chamber at the further end of the corridor which had been prepared for her guests, stirred the fire into a bright blaze, lighted the candles, and told them now they might laugh' and chatter their fill, The young folks-did not hesitate to avail themnselves of the permission, antd hung over the fire dis cussing the party of that evening, and the prospects of the morrow's ball. till Eleanor declared she must take her sisters away, or they would talk all night. She had trice risen with this itatenttion without getting them'to follow her, and was now standinag with the door half open in her hand waiting for them, wheln they saw her suddenly put her finger am her lips, and peep -cautiously out; then she set down her candle, and stepped softly itto the passage. The others ceased talking in a minute, a;d loked inquiringly towards her. ' What is it Eleaior ' whispered Lucy, comrning to the dour. 'The most extraordinary thitng ! I thought I heard the door open.' ' What door ?' said Etflie. · Why the great barred door.' My dear Nellie, you must be dream ing. It is time we went to bed, indeed,' said Effie laughing, asd taking up her candle. Eleanor took hera also, buht itstead of retuarning to her room, walked straight up to the dior aid examnined it closely, followed by Lucy who looked at her in smiling wonder. ' Are you satisfied, dear I' said she, pointing to the cobwebs which tI many places stretrhed acros, from the door to its lintel S'Yes, I must have been mistaken. But it is very odd i' ' What did you hear, Nellie,' eagerly asked the others, coming to their room door. 'TLe first time I signed you to be silent, I thought I heard fuonsteps c,,miti gently anrid cautiously up the stair, and fnicied it was oue of the maids. They know I do inot allow them to sit up so late, and I waited to see who it wnas, stealiiig up this way where they nhave lno business. But iiinstead i, pasbiig by this room, the foottcps oeunted to .stop at the top of the stair, and then the door turned sluwly on its hinges.' 'Did you see it I' asked Lucy. ' Oil! oe. It onlly sounaded so' ' The wind or somuethiug.' *Perhaps. Now do go to bed, children.' And they all separated. The next evenitg one of their visitors, Isabella Murray, being rather tired, declined to o,0 Lb the ball, and said she would prefer stayiig to keep company with Lucy, whmob turn i: was to remain with her father. After he hal gone to bed, the two girls became so abl'rbed in a game of chess that the time slipped away unobserved, and they then be:hougb: themr of si:ting up frr their sisters, to give them what is called in Ireland, = a raking pat of tea ' on their return. Te bricht idea wasimruediateiv carried out. I he tea.things were set ini the guest chambcr, the fire was made up, :he maids were eent to bed, and the girls, after partially undressing, met :,,ether wrapt in their dressiug.guwns to enjoy the vigil. They had brought up their ches-b,,ard aid bot?ok, but presently agreer that if they t,,ok a nap they woui3 be a;1 the fresher by-a,.d.hye ; asn curling themseirves up on a oufa they were soon r.!eei. l'eier: silenice reigned thruugbou: the hbor-, aiid in the r.mom notihing was heard but tie soft breathing of the sleeper,. Sad. denly and simuntaneouslv both anokeo anld at up ; Lucy's little dog at the Came time star:ing fru:u his slumucers and pricking his ears. 'Is it the csrriae 1' sati [babel Murray. I don't know. Something mose mne. but I can't tell you what. Yes, it m:u-t be,' c,,ntiuned Lu:y, as the dcz went sniffling to the door, and she opened it and looked out. 'I heir fots:eps, but there :s no light. Iluw qu:etly they bare conle in ' Just then Pincher, who ha! ran out when the door wa, opeced, came cower ing back with drooping tail, acd at the same mome nt came the gratintg sus;d of a door turnisu oil rusty hinges, and then quietly, closel. [sabel sprang to Luac's side, and sof:ly closing all but a chink of the door, ttuod listening. Notbing more was heard. 'lhe girls looked at each other, and drew a long breath. " There's somuething wrong here, Lucy,' eid Isabel. Lucy quickly shut the door, and bolted it. ` Oh I Isabel. I am so frightened ! Only think if anybody can get :r. bere in the dead of the night ! We many all be mur dered 1' ' We must tell Eleanor, and, of course, it must be locked to. But the strange thing is, that the docr Ceetnsas if had not beenl opentd for a century.' ' On dear, that's nothing. These people are up to all sorts of tricks-- ' " What people 1' ' Why hou-ebreakers and burglars I' '1I don't think it can be a burglar,' raid Isabel, as be has been here already, and nothing appears to have been stolen. Perhaps one of the maids has afollouer whom she lets in by stealth. What is there on the other side of that door 1' ' I don't know. Oh yes, I d,lI A sor of lumber-room and carpe.nter's worlk room.' ` We ought to go to-morrow and ex amine' it od that side. I do not think there is any idanger for to-night, as the intruder, whloever he may be, seems to have ereparted. What's beeome of Pincher 1 Did you shut him ou: ?' On examinati.u the dcg was found under the bed, pressed closely against the wall, and trembling all over. L.ucy had some difficulty in coaxing him out, and even when she had got him in her arms her caresses failed to restore him to his usual spirits. ' Is he ill, poor fellow 1' a-ked Isabel. 'Ouly frightened. I think; but he is usua'ly so courag, ous ! I cannot under stand it. You may be, sure he has seen some one swho has terrified him somehow. I wish the others wouild come home !' Afterthis the raking potof teawar not as jovial an afftir as they hbad intended. The two watchers had not quite got over their alarm, anti the others heardr their account with anxiety and u'taeasiuess. Eleanor agreed that the first thring to do was to scrotinise both sides of the door, hut cautioned them all to keep entire silence on the subject, meantime. The next day they made their inves:i gation of tile carpenter's workroom, which wagentered by an outside wooden stair. Eleanor made the pjretence of wanting a piece of old-seasoned wood for a drawing. board, which gave them an excuise for psok. ig about unsuspected. Nut only were the door and all its adjuncts as rus'y aid cob web tapestried here as on the inside but they found heaped agaiunst it a quantity bf wood wbich bad beeu cut up fr msak. ing new hurdles. 'They might be lput there only for a blind,' Isabel suigest:ed in a whisper; so the astute Eleanor put a leading question immediately. SHave you not been a long time about those hurdles, Jones 1' SWell, ma'am, the hurdles is ready, and has been any time this three weeks. It ais'- msy fault they bean'; put up long ago, and I'd be glad to get 'em out of my way lobsherin' here. Perhaps you'd apes?k about it Eieanor promised to do so, and rem~rrk iig that her father's illness had caused sorne nieglect of out-door work, gave direc tiose about her board, and withdrew. ' No ight thrown on the mystcry yet,' she observed, as they walked away. 'That dor cannoit have been opened for years, I am positive.' T'L'he Mcrrays were to leave the lodge niext day. 'I shall move into that room to-morrow. \Vhen the servantsa KnoUW sone of the fasily is close by, they will hardly dare to carry on auy claude 'tite meetig. SBut tlhat's no good,' said Lucy ; ' if it to one of the servants the man will lie let ii lreweheie. Dear Nelle, do get to the bottomn o it. I amn sure if you dio not, I never catn feel that we are safe fur a single night.' M \y child, it is inot proved that anybody did come in. On tile contrary, it seems impossible.' SWe will watch to-night, anyhow, said Effic. Wllohen night came, howevei-, Eloanor desired her sisters wvould go to their own rooms, as she thought so many of tbel tolgether could. hardly keep quiet enough to avoid giving sa-me warniug to the mys. rerinus visitor. She also begged the Murrays to go to bed as soun as they were ready ; and they had done so, though they could not sleep. And au?., in the dead of the night, she sat in their room, the candle closely shaded and the door ajar, brea.hlessly awailing she knew u,: what. She had, without saying anything about it, brought with her one of her father's pistols. The fire burned lovr and red, and everything was profoundly still, when the omincous creaking struck on their terrified ears. Eleanor quickly seized her ca:nd:e and ran into the passage, fcll,,wed by the other two, "Lo had its:autly sprung out of bed. Au,:steps were d s:inctjy acuible de.e-nlict the stairs. "W1ho is there f de~maudea E:eanor. * Ansaer, cr i shali tiae' N, voice rep .ei. To?r held their caod!:s over he tbalustrale, but no one was :o be seen. At the same meoent !,ucy dar:ted f: m her roa:n, a:nd came down the c .rridur t , juin the group. " Is i: broken; a~` tI she burried!r. ' I ker: 2 bWhat l Lu:y tan past thenr o the stairs, bi I ii,;g themn follow. ' Louk here.' said she, shiwiug them a thread, the two ends oft hich lay acrors t. c stair. ' I tied this to- night to the bael - :rade and f -toned i: in:to the watl at the cp;o,i:e -ide. You see i: is broken in 'My chi:d,' said Eleanor. 's cotton thread mig:t eas!ly ailit, merely from bein. ,stretched too tight. That is no proof of any one havir:g passed by. In. deed, I am certain noboiy did, for I was out on this landing before be could by any possibility have got down-stairs, and I must have seen him.' ' How brave you are, Eleanor!' said Isabel, glancing at the pistol, and thence to her calm face ; and shivering with fear and cold she crept back to bed with her sister. As she carefully bolted her door inside, she could not repress an exclamation of thanksgiving that this was to be their last night in that dangerousahuue. Eleanor now declared her conviction that the mysterious noises were produced by some occult vibration or echo, as is not uncommonly the case in old houses, and that tney had nothing alarming in them. Lucy, however, would not be persuaded. Though she did not openly assert her incredulity, she ventured by herself to the terrible spot next night when all had retired, and tied a pack-thread firmly to the balustrade, fastening it with a treck to the opposite wall. Waking in the morning almost as soon as it was light, she immediately ran to look at her trap, and hurried back to -leanor with the intelligence that the packthread was broken i Slinw those stairs creak at the end of the passage !' said Eleauor to her maid, ::a she was dressing her hair that morn ing. She had chosen that moment because from the position Mrs \Wilkins then occupied behind her chair, her mistress could watch the expiression of her countenanlce ii the luooking glass. 'I heard them creaking quite loudly under sounebody's footsteps after I canme up to bed last night. I can't think what took any one that way. (To be Condinsed.) 