Political Gossip. WE have been handed a letter written from Sydney to it friend in Bathurst, from which we take the following politi-<*> cal tittle-tattle- " You are not far out in yoar conjectures relative to tlio movements of Farkes and his. friouds. Parkes lias rcmimed, in full vigour, his usual ont-of-oiSce work of aliasing and misrepresenting tfic men in power through .in abusiva paper, Formerly, wlicn Jie was deprived of place, he bod one tinii; tlic' G/wtY, at another the Lietor for Ins accommodation. Ufavr his concotitms are to be sjeen in tin , Stockufliip r which lias become notorious for thi-publicity it gives to the opinions of Free Thinkers. ' He has likewise, it is whispered, been endeavouring to get the ' tin' for the establishment of anew daily- paper ire Sydmvy, bnt the fatality wbi l> lias followed evory commercial in ileri-ufcing iv, which lie has been engaged is against him, and the ex-premier is compelled, for the lack of a better me dium for his purposes, to resort to tint Slackiehip and sometimes to the Cum berland Times. Walter Cooper is also a contributor to the StocktoKp, and lie Hatters himself that his slangwhang ing sgainst the Ministry is producing a wonderful effect, Cooper is writing sen sational rumours prejudicial to the Ministry, which he is probably the first to put iv circulation at street corners, and then in the press, as public rumours. one week he has it that most of the members oi the Government intend to take permanent billets, and that they are to be succeeded by members of ihe late Government. Next ho has it that tho Government arc preparing for a break up at Christmas, the wish, being, doubtless, father to the thoughts The attacks on ministers andltheir friend in the StocJcivTtip arc scurri ous enough iii all conscience, but not as bad venomous, and insulting as used to appear about Sutherland and Samuel iv the Lietor wheu they were members of' previous Robertson Ministry Suther land and Samuel hare been colleagues of Parkes since the Ghost and lActor days, and I am informed they haro reason to regret it. Parkes is again very hungry for office, and the rtnnour runs that he intends to trip-op the Government whenever he has a chance, iv the hope of getting back to place anil pay, but his prospects, are not bright at present. If Ministers act only with caution and judgment they will defeat his purposes and - keep him at bay as long, as the ' present Parliament lasts. Parkes' little political game has been played ont. His "high falutin" and lofty pretensions do not accord with his conduct when in office, and that is the general opinion. In office he gave himself airs, and out of office he has not forgotten them. I intend writing ont ' agahi.— Sat hurst Times Nov 6. 