' INSTAIiLA.TIOJfr OF BISHOP HALE. YEBTBiu&AY; ovehing at 7 o'olook tho ooromony '? of installing the new Anglican Bishop, Dr. Halo, took place, tho formal .part of tho core mony at tho a-ectory-houBo, and tho rpligious portion in St. John's Ohurch. The proceedings wero commenced by the \- Registrar reading the following mandato from the Metropolitan of Sydney : — , ,-. ', ,. ' Froderiok, by Divino Permission, Bishop of Sydnoy and.Metropolitan,. to our boloved in Christ, the Ven. Benjamin Glonnie, Aroh doacon and Vioar-Geueral of tho DiocoBO of ? Brisbane, in tho colony of Quoo.neland. 'Groetingt ? . . . ?; . ? ' 'WberonB thp Eight' Boy, 'Edward VFyn'd' ' . ham Tufnoll, Doctor, in Divinity; being at ttiij timo Bishop of Brisbane} in tho colon j of Queensland, did, oh tho 25th day of September, ' ' * 1874, resign to the Lord Arohbiahop of Canter bury his office of -Bishop of .the Diooese of Bris bane, and tho said reslpnation was duly accepted . and registered, nnd the acceptance of the resig nation notified by the Baid Archbishop to tho Ven, Archdeacon Glennie, Vicar-General of the Diooese of Brisbane aforesaid, and- the said re-1 - Bifination was subsequently signified to the ' ,. Metropolitan Bishop of Sydnoy by the said E. W. U'uffnell, late Bishop of Brisbano. And whereas the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbaho, ' at a spooial session, duly summoned and con vened for the purpose of eleofcing a sao- ? cessor to the -said Bishop, and held at' Brisbano oh the 24th day of Novomber, 1874, did deoide that, Under '.L1 tho 8th cUuso of the Buhop's Election .CanonJ the appointment, of th'6 Bishop for the Diocsso of BriBbano lapsed to the Bishops of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania. And -1U**'' ' whereaB tho Bishops of Australia and Tasmania b!^, aereod to appoint, the Bight Rev.' Matthe'W \Jfc Blagden Halo, Dobtor'in Divinity^ Lord Bishop of Perth, to bo Bishop of Brisbane,' and did, by a cftrtoin instrument in writing, bearing date the 12th day of July, in tho year of Our Lord 1875, under their hands and Episcopal seals, unanimously, aud cordially, and with the oon sent of the said Hight Rev. Matthew Blagden ? Hale, appoint him, tho said Right Rev. Matthew Blagden Halo, Doctor in Divinity, to bo Bishop of Brisbane, in the colony of Queens land. And whereas, in pursuance of Buoh appointmeut, and in ordor to carry the same into effect, it iB intended to 'inBtal the said Ri'{bt Bev. Matthew. Blagden Hale into the possession of the said Bishoprio of Brisbane, on tha 15th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1875, in the Church of St. John's, at ? Brisbane : ^Vo do therefore hereby oommand and require you, the Baid Benjamin Glennie, to attend at tho said Ohurch of St. John's, at Brisbane, at seven o£ the clock in the evening ? '? of tho said 15th day of December, and then and there duly to instal the said Right Reverend Mntthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in Divinityj ' . into the possession of the Bishoprio of Brisbane', and what you shall 'do in pursuance of these presents. ? ? - ' ' We request you to certify and make known '' to us aa soon thereafter as conveniently may be. 'Given under our hand and this seal' of the See of,_Sydney, which in this / behalf is used this 13th day of Novem ber, in the year. of Our Lord 1875, .land of bUr Consecration the 21st. 1 (Signed) FbedeeioS: Sydney, M;: ' - ? 'Registered atSjdn'eyi ? ^ ??? ; '..';?; ? ' the day arid year ' '? -.??.'?' ? . '?? .-.,?? within .written by . ..'.-- . ? :-.. .-.;: me. ? ' (Signed) Thomas Jaiies Jaques, '? .... ''' . ; 'Registrar.' ' The following is the reply,' which will : be sent in duo course :— .. -| To the Right Reverend the Bishop'of Sydney, ? / ' - 'Metropolitan.'- ' ' I, the within-named Benjamin Glennie, do hereby certify to your Lordship, that I did, on the 15th day of December, in the year of our Lord, 1875, in obedience to the within written mandate, duly instal the- Right Reverend Matthew Blagden Hale, Doctor in- Divinity, into tbe Episcopal See of the Bishopric of Brisbane. : . . ' Witneas my hand at Brisbane, this 15th day of December, in the year of our ? Lord, 1875. - . ' ; 'Benjamin Glenkib^ Vicar Generaij .. ? '1 ' Diocese of Brisbane. , ' On tbis 15th day of Dncember,-in the year of our Lord, 1875, wo hereby, certify and attest unto all whom it may oqneern that, on the 15th day. of , December aforesaid, the Vcnqrable . Benjamin ? Glennie,. Arohdeueon. and Vicar General of the Diocese of Brisbane, by virtue of . , a mandate under the name and seal of the Right jRi'Verend Fnther in God, Frederick, by Divine Permission Bishop of .Sydney and Metropulilau, boaring date the 13 th day of November, in the year aforesaid, commanding and requiring him ' to instal the Right Reverend Matthew Blagden, I Halo, Dootor in Divinity, into the possession of the Bishoprio of Brisbane; did, in the Ohuroh of St. John, ab Brisbane, duly inBtal tho said Right lioverond Mntthew Blagden Hale, Dootor . in Divinity, into the real and actual, possession or tho Bpisoopal See of the Biehoprio of Brisbane, with all the rights and appurtenancer thereof.. ' ? . '.?}.- ' 'In faith and testimony whereof we have : ; hereunto Bet. our hands the day aud. year first above written, to. serve and- ? ! ?. . avail »b occasion may require. . .'????.'?. . : ; . ' (signed) Thomas Jonbs, ' Incumbent_of All.Saints, Brisbane. .-. . ' . ; I ?; - . ' (Signed) John Sution, ! '** ' : ' -' ' Rector of St. John's,' Brisbane.' ? '. ' The Bishop, at the conclusion of tho reading of the mandate, Bubsoribeil to the 24th clause of ' the constitution as follows : — ?- : ' I, A. B., ohosen Bishop of tho Ohuroh and See of Brisbane; do promise that I will teach and maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Ohurch of England and Ireland, aa acknowledger! and received by the Synod of the Djoceso of Brisbane, and I do also declaro that I consent to be boufid by|all the Ounona. and Regulations of the said Synod which are now or may horonftor be in force ; and in o'onsideratioa of being appointed BiBhop of the said 'Charon, or See of Brisbane, I do hereby undertake im mediately to resign the Baid appointment, to gether with all the rights and emoluments appertaining thereto, if sentenco requiring such ; rbaiff'nflt-.inn nhnnlrl nf. nnv time ha 'naeadd unon mo, after due examination had by tlie tribunal ' acknowledged by the Baid Synort for the trial of ' ' ' a Bishop, saving till righta of appeal allowed by . tho said Synod.' ' A procession was thon formed, headed by the ; combined uhoirs of St. John's aud All Saints',' precedod by two vergers with otaves, the choir singing a processionul hymn. Then came the following clergymen two and two: — The Rsvs. John button, 'Thomas Jones, James Love, D. A. Court, Robert Oreyke, J. H. Blaok, James ,; Gilbertson, O. L. Williams, J. S. HobsbII, : T. Abrahnni.H. J. Campbell, F. Richmond, T.D. ' .Warrier1J.L.Warr,R,Leighjfollowin-»the8ewere ? ' tberogislrar of tho diocespj the Rev. J. Moseloy, ' ' with tho Rov.«T. Mutthewa, the Seoretary, the Vicar- Genoral, tbo Rovi. Archdeacon Crlennie, ? foflowed by ? tho .Bishop. Then came.' the Aoting'-Ohanoellor of the Synod, Mr. &. V, Helliuar, thft.lay secretary, MpBsrs .Drew, and ; ^-v Ooxon, tho treasurer and oliairman of com mittees, and tho churchwardens of St. John's . Tho Hon. Captain Simpaon and J^essrs. P. Phillips and B. Davidson. .... i His Excollonoy the Governor, with his suite, . . ' wbb present in his own Beat. .-;.'- ? ? : Hia Lordship was then conducted to' the very ? . handsome throne eroded for tho purpoBe within the altar railings, tlio following form of indue* tion being jread :— ;,. !f I, Benjamin Glonnio, Arohdoacon of Bris bane, by the authority to mo committed to induoij, iriBtal, and enthrone yon, tbo Eight Eov. Fathef-in God, ^Matthew Blagdon Halo, D.D., by. Divine permission Lord Bishop of Brisbane, into the Bishoprio and opiBOopal dignity of Brisbane, and into tho real, aotual, and cor poreal possession of tho aamo, with all and singular tho rights, dignities, honours, and ap pnrtenancos thereof. ? And tho Lord prosorvo your going out and your coming in from this time forth for evermore. And may you romain in' justice and sanotity, and adorn tho.plaoo to you delegated by God. God ia powerful, and may He increase your grace.' After the- 2k 2?ew|j» tho following prayer waB read by the Arbhdeacb'n ^- ? , ' Al/nighty God, the Giver of all good things, who by Thy Holy Spirit haat appointed divers order/i ofministers in Thy Olmreh : Mercifully behold Thy servant Matthew Blagden Halo, who is now appointed to tho high office and dignity of Bishop, of this Diocese; and eo replenish him with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with innocency of life, that both by word npd deed he may faithfully serve Thee in that office to the glory of Thy Name, and to the edifying and well- governing of Thy Church. \- Grant, we beseech Thee, that he may long live happily to rule .this Church t ond that having . worthily fulfilled his course, he may finally re ceive the crown of righteousness laid up by the Lord, the righteous Judge, who liveth and reignoth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one ,G. qd, .world .without end. — Amen.' The eervico (that for the evening), was full ohoral, and web rendered with groat effeot by the' combined ohoirs, with Mr. Jefferies at the organ. The servico was intoned by the Bev. D. A. Court, the Bov. J. H. Campbell reading the first lesson, whioh was taken from JoBhtm xxiv., v. 14 to 29, and the Eev. J. W. Warr reading the . seeond lesson— St. Matthew x. The.proper Psalms sung were the 121st, 122nd, 124th, 126th, and 126th. The anthem— Kont's —was taken from 1 Ohronioles, xxix., v. 10, 11, 12\. and IS. The choral servico generally was that byNnres, tho responses being Tallis'. While Handel's 'Hallelujah Ohorua' was being snog. in fine style by the choir, a collec tioa^was made, which, it wsb arranged, should be placed in the . hands of the BiBhop to use at Iub disoretion. The service was brought to a conclusion by a solemn benediction by the Bishop, and the pro cession having re-formed in the order first observed; the Bishop, clergy, and officers left the churoh by the western door, the ohoir singing tho Old Hundredth, and the large congre gation — whioh must have reaohed a thousand ' ' -—separated. The arrangements throughout were excellent and refleoted the. greatest credit on those who had them in hand. 