\- V > ' - ' CRICKET GOSSIP. '< BY BAI. : , -vAt lost the season may be 'said to have '.given up 'the ghost, and with it the South; -j .Melbourno Club have had to hand over the , 'Cup to their old foemen and rivals— the ' East Melbourneites. At the end of a sea- ' .son it is usually the custom to give an exten- i aive review thereof, taking the good matches -with ones of doubtful and even mediocre calibre, and thus making a general retrospec tive; glance at all round cricket. As the 'public interest seems to have centred itself j .mainly in the contests for the Cup, and as , the. -host cricket was unquestionably dis played therein, I will next week look back . ' at the Challenge Cap matches, and. the two intercolonial contests with New South V Wales, but before doing so I will say a few 'words about last Saturday's play, with a vTiasty look at Cup cricket. That the best i'teom won the game is open to. question, for, 'from the very start, when Boyle won the ' loss, bad luck, illness, and, what was worse . than all; delay, conspired to overthrow the J 'South Melbourne team. When the wickets i were placed north and Bouth either Allan or "Midwinter had to bowl against the wind, J which in the summer time is generally from ' the north or south. Neither could do any good ; with .the wind in his faoe, and the South .- Melbourne captain, in order to utilise both " his bowlers, had the wickets for the late < match plaoed east and west. As everyone knows, Allan broke down in both innings, and ' the advantage which it was thought ; would be gained by the South by the change j was converted into an element of non- . fSucceas. The light of the sun, at one end, ''was .in the eyes of the batsman, while at . the other the shadow of both batsman and ii wicket-keeper were in the place where a. '-good length ball would pitch. Directly , Allan stopped bowling in ' the second i , innings the scoring, which had been kept well down from his end, became fast and ;"ffarious, and even little Elliott, who was never : ) .worth a run when Allan was opposed to him, i -began. to infuse life into the gome. Allan ' for years has been the very backbone of the . South Melbourne team, and there can be no doubt but that it was owing to his illness that the South were defeated, for in the second innings the East Melbourne's score should bare been nearer 150 than 200. -At one time on Saturday it seemed as if the v holders would make the required number of \- f,runs, 214, but this favorable state of matters ,-.only lasted till the sun began to get bnr in \- - the horizon. The light was then simply ." awful, and the last four, or five men could vinab see the ball at either end. During the good light Blackham and Allan, who was put in early, Bhowed splendid cricket, and . were .becoming dangerous when the former .-was unluckily caught by Allee— a splendid' .'-catch at short leg. Allan, from whom no-! "'thing was expected, took everyone by snr- prise, and played as well as he did three i; years ago, when he stopped in nearly all the -'.afternoon against the M.C.C. English's; .recent -illness militated against his success, ' and with the exception of Midwinter, Con- ''way, and M'Gan, no opposition was offered to the onslaught of Boyle and Horan. Had '.there been a twilight instead of the glare of "the sun the match would have been the closest of things, as it was 59 rims— the j number between the, opposing teams at the . 1.end of fhe match — cannot he deemed a large majority, when it is considered that when these two clubs met last time the South had a majority of 200 runs. The East Melbourne men fielded -admirably, the . only drawback to '.their general effectiveness J 'Being Elliott at the wickets; but I Buppose the sun and shadow interfered with him as .much as with the batsmen. Boyle was very j .active, being here, there and everywhere, j. rihxd.bawled excellently. Horan, also, did J ,,-his share of the trundling very creditably. . i- jThe Southerners, though defeated, are by v no - means disgraced, and they took their v-lioking like men; while East Melbourne showedno unnecessary demonstrativeness or jubilation which could be in any way hurt- 1 :Jfuli to the feelings of their opponents. In fact, ! the. best .feeling prevailed through the con- ; ; test, . which was protracted longer than any ,-vjmatoh on record. When Boyle, received the j Cap from tho hands of Conway, he: very t: » graciously. alluded to the bad luck the South t -had had in having some of their men laid up '"during the game ; he also expressed a: \- hope that the_ next time the two ;"teams' ;. "met together In the field bpth sides would be; well, and the best men would win. This! Is the second time this season that the Joli- , . monters liave won the Cup, having easily. . xfiefeated the players of the M.C.C., who en- , i( deavored to wrest the trophy from ;their; \- . grasp in the first important: match played: ! auring the season. The batsmen of the M.C.p. cut a very sorry figure before the' . .'bowling of the demon Barnes, who, as he ' .tdidonce before, rolled their wickets down .Jike tunepins. South Melbourne bad, inthe ..meanwhile, been quietly preparing her forces, and as the South and the then holders of the -: \- :s were Iked uponby the public as being . the two strongest clubs in .the colony, the j,-, match was looked forward to with great" .-Interest. Barnes was considered a tower of "strength and with Boyle and Horan the- .East' Melbourne men fancied their chances \- ..amazingly. A really magnificent batting' wicket' was prepared, and the match \- , « 'proved the most remarkable one for long! f coring yet played in the colony. The South, J r .went m firsfc, and put together. I70.runs. East: ' Melbourne, m their first essay, topped this. ; jcqro by SC /uns, and eyerybody thought it' waa all over with jthe Spfith. . Cooper, and % " Slight,' however,' the two first repro'senta- ; "tives of South., Melbourne, kept up their ? wickets 'for two days, and placed over 20D! runs.on.the scoringTDook before a separation was effected between them, Slight being dis-;i .posed of when . he . had scored 124. The :. innings Closed for over 400 runs, and eventu ally the Cup was 'handed over to the South, who ,wbk» np.r-ln.rpH tho xrintnrs hv 200 rans. In the qiatch, Horan, Cooper and Slight each made over a centmy. The Melbourne, Club: were the -first to dispute the possession of , the trophy with the holders. The match was a rather one-sided affair, South Mel- ' 'bourne, winning with ease j and Richmond, with 15 men, fared no better. Owing to some of their best -men having gone over to - assist the Melbourne against the South, they appeared iu the field with rather a ragged team, and had to succumb to the superior prowess of their opponents. No one can question the fact that the institution of these ; matcheskas been productive of a vast amount ; of benefit to the game in every way, and, as . I said last week, it is absurd to attribute our two defeats at the hands of New South Wales to cup cricket, , The Sydney cricket ers hare their- cup matches, and the rivalry up there -is quite as keen as it is here. The apathetic maimer :in which our representa- 'tives practised for -the first match was .mainly -to be, ascribed to a contempt for our opponents which a long series of victories had engendered. Sydney won their victories through fresh blood -in. .the bowling "department, and if we want new bowlers nothing will unearth thorn so well as Cup matches. In the second game which took place at Sydney, our men played well together at practice, and their holding was as good, if not better, than their opponents', so that the match up there cannot be ascribed to a want of unity among the players. . It is time our cricketers were taking some stepstowardstheformationof ournew cricket- ! ing association. A preliminary meeting should be held at once, in order that some scheme might be prepared, to be submitted to a meeting of the clubs willing to support the new cricketing body. I shall have some thing to say on the matter next week, _ In recognition of the kindness and uniform civility of Roland Newberry, or "Rowley," as hern "better known, the obliging curator of the MjC.C. ground, the members of the . second eleven the other day sent him a very nice letter with a token of regard for the at tentive manner in which he had behaved to them during the season. It is pleasing to record a pleasant -circumstance' like this in these degenerate days, j The silly season has already arrived, and those canards which cricketers are so fond of sending broadcast throughout the land are flying about in all directions. As regards the changes in the personnel of the elevens of the leading clubs next season. G.'F. Grace, they say, is coming out to join Melbourne, to which club Cooper is also said to be going. Midwinter has the credit of having already become a Joli- monter, and Blackham, they say, is just in two minds as to whether he will don the blue and white stripes or go to Carlton. It would not surprise me, after these reported changes, if Gibspn were to captain South Melbourne, or Boyle to embrace Tiny Ben nett. I can plainly see there will be some hunting about for players during this winter,. 