¿A.:WORD_-ON-MUSICAL EDUCATION.. THE interest taken by the public of New South Wales m .educational matters can hardly be surpassed by any com- munity of Europe, and it ia likely that within the next fifty yean the Australian Colonies will reach an eminence ia science exceeding that of nations enjoying great prestige and still greater advantages ; but nations which are doomed to sacrifice and waste their best energies on the altar of the demon of war. On these peaceful snores the controversy on .education manifests a healthy spirit, aB it not only touches 'the question of the training of the intellect, but also the "proposai of the culture of art for all classes. The Govern- ment and the medical profession scrupulously enforce among practitioners the passing of strict qualifying ?examinations. I regard the responsibilities of the musical profession as equally important, and justifying the ruling authorities to compel every teacher of music in this State to prove, practically and theoretically, that he is competent to instruct in this art. When the system of education will be placed on sound principles-when the child will be no longer looked upon as an empty vessel which the teacher has merely to cram, . but as a being endowed by Nature with all the latent material of feeling and intelligence-art, and especially music, will take a higher stand than at present. The aim of .education is the utmost development of the physical, mental, and emotional capacities of man. .As his mind receives impressions chiefly through the senses, it appears evident that the training of the ear should take a prominent place in the educational programme. By the toue of a man's voice we judge of his good breeding and character : the ears of a .donkey are pleased with the braying of its possessor ; the .cultivated sense of hearing in man dictates to him noble -euphonious accents. The most prominent geniuses of all civilised nations at all times have agreed upon this truth that musical art is one of the most powerful agents for the elevation of individuals as well as of whole communities. Tor the education of the masses of the people, state-measures in regard to art-institutes, picture- galleries, concert-halls, and theatres must be deemed most necessary. The Puritan may shrink at my advocating the theatre ; but I plead for "the stage a loftier position than is accorded to it. It has to ?"hold the mirror up to Nature;" vice and villany to execra- tion, and virtue and nobleness to imitation and esteem. Music and dramatic performances must become indispensable national institutions, and raised to that standard which makes them worthy of being such. Of course, without an appreciative and sympathetic public they might prove unproductive ; however, their establishment should be pre- ceded by a general osthetic education in public schools-i.e., schools of all classes, whether rich or poor. The cultivation ?of mind and character has to supersede the system of a dry utilitarian training. For this purpose the State requires a theoretical and practical preparation of pedagogical artists, as well as the foundation of a sound method of musical training, which is in harmony with our human organization, the general laws of nature, and with the demands of the civilisation of the time. The solution of this problem naturally falls to the task cf the artist and teacher. What we demand from the State is merely the protection, support, and control of the insti- tutions which prepare the teachers. We cannot help deploring the fact, that in the average, musical instruction is given without a method or plan. Most parents let their daughters receive "lessons"-not instruction-and many pupils learn from mere vanity : Bessy Nimblefinger plays consequently Jane ought to do the same, in order not to be behind her in "accomplishments ! *' The education of the «ar ana tne soul is not at all considered as the only legitimate reasou for the study of music. Nay, the very fact that harsh, untuned pianos are deemed good enough for learners, and that the most insipid and shallow publications usurp every music warehouse and the majority of homes, proves how sadly the purport and high destination of music are lost sight of. Plato maintains that certain qualities of sound and tunes produce meanness and insolence in the mind, whilst others ennoble and elevate it. If we look upon the " musical profession " it represents a veritable tabula rasa. In A B C schools the teacher is compelled to qualify himself for his duties and pass examinations ordered by the government ; in this important branch of education-music-the proper qualification of teachers is seldom inquired into. Broken-down tradesmen, wandering minstrels, soi-disant continental counts and barons, young ladies who want to increase their pin-money, and others of similar want of qualification, and of no higher aim but that of lucre, abound in the department. In the commonest trade, the parents of the apprentice make sure .of the master's knowing the business he has to teach ; yet, in the art of music we meet with " Fiuishing Professors " .who never do, nor can, play a single piece to their ^pupils, and know of the theory and science of music as little as an Australian stock-horse. Happily, we find many teachers "who are prompted by a nobler zeal, whose enthusiasm for art and science carries them over the swamps and gulfs of a frivolous and decading society, and whose influence adds to the happiness of many a home. Some of them have been able to pursue their studies in the "conservatoires" of Europe. Many have to forego such advantages; and, burning with a desire for such improvement as a public musical academy and a complete musical library could insure, they .ought to meet with every encouragement from the governing bodies of the Colony. The establishment of a "National Academy of Music of New South Wales " may at present be considered premature, but the addition of a complete musical library to the Free Library of Sydney appears a feasible and very inexpensive scheme. The profit of one concert every six months would, in a few years, suffice to purchase all the chief works written by the masiterB for solo instruments and orchestra, together with the principal books and journals on the history and theory of music, and on musical events. The public, having access to these, would *oon be prepared for the highest class of music, and not "tolerate this divine art to be made a tool and agent of vauity and fatuity. K. W. GOERGS. Beethoven House, . Sydney, March, 1875. I ' I Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, has issued another pas- toral against secular education, in which all his former arguments in favour of a system which shall prevent the .colony from falling into a state of infidelity, are advanced. .Some priests in his diocese have been discovered threatening members of their flocks who persist in sending their children to the State schools, and the Government have determined "to take action against them if the offence is repeated. A coroner's enquiry into the cause of death of Esther Waugh, wife of an innkeeper at Bathurst, who was dis .covered dead under very suspicious circumstances, termi- nated in the release of her husband, who was supposed to be implicated in her murder. The evidence went to prove "that the deceased was a very intemperate person, who fre- quently injured herself by falling about when drunk ; and, -although one witness swore that Mrs. Waugh told her the wounds of which she died were inflicted by her husband, "the evidence was considered so unreliable by the jury, that "they brought in an open verdict. ? ;. . . ""' - .. > vi /.Xi (. C ' ?. \ Four hundred tons of quartz, from the "Star of Peace" claim, Hill End, gave 150S ounce« at the last crushing of the Company. The report concerning Bishop Thomas, of Goulburn, that he wilfully left a sick brother in Melbourne, to starve, while he himself was enjoying the hospitality of titled personages in Great Britain, has been proved false. Mr. W. R. Guilfoyle, for many years a devoted botanist in New South Wales, has been appointed superintendent of the Botanic Gardens, Melbourne. He has lately been elected a member of the Royal Botanic Society at Home. Harry Flanagan, alias Campbell, the aboriginal suspected of murdering a half- caste girl near Orange (by tying her to a tree and leaving her there to starve), was shot dead by Constable Caban, at the Lachlan River, when resisting capture. The inhabitants of Ballarat are agitating for the removal of the Chinese lepers' camp from that locality. The num- ber of cases of this fearful malady has increased greatly of late, and fears are entertained by the European population that the scourge may spread. The intensity of the sun's heat io portions of Australia during last month, may be judged from the fact that a gentleman at Ballarat actually cooked an omelette by simply exposing the materials upon a school slate outside his door, in the open sunlight, for a few minutes. Good news from Gympie. Five hundred and fifty tons quartz, taken from the Glanmire Prospecting Claim, yielded 1100 ounces of gold; giving, after all expenses of extraction are paid, a fair dividend to the proprietors, who have still 1000 tons of the same stone to operate upon. On her last trip out from Sydney to San Francisco, the Mail steamer " Macgregor " collided with the barque " Meteor." Fortunately, the injury inflicted upon the latter vessel was a little above the water line, else the barque, which was heavily laden, would have sunk. AB it is, the damage is estimated at £600. The American potato would seem to be a most prolific vegetable. Mr. John Murray, Glen Innes, writes to the local journal:-"I planted, this season, seven pounds of American potatoes in my garden. I dug them up in Decem- ber last, and weighed them, and had the extraordinary return of 406 lbs. of fine large potatoes, and 5 lbs. of small, which I replanted in January, and they are now well up." Mr. Joseph Wearne's action, in proposing a vote of "No confidence " in the present administration, before the gen- tlemen composing it were given an opportunity of explaining their policy, has not met with the recognition he imagined it would obtain amongst his constituents. It is reported that an endeavour will be made to compel Mr. Wearne to resign bis seat in the Legislative Assembly. Accidents in the coal pits in the Newcastle district are becoming very common. One miner named Jones, at the Bore-hole, had his thigh'cut to the bone by a fall of coal ; another, named Ferguson, narrowly escaped death from a similar cause, at Wallsend ; and a third, named Grant, was severely injured at the Co- operative Works, a heavy lump of coal striking him|upon the head and foot, cutting the sinews of the latter. Several changes have taken place in the disposition of the chief police officers of Sydney, consequent upon the death of Sub-inspector Rowlinson. Mr. Rush, lately senior-sergeant at Orange, was selected to fill the vacancy left by the transformation of Sub-inspector Taylor, and he now holds that officer's station-the southern division of the city. On leaving Orange he was presented with valedictory addresses by the magistrates and citizens. Miss Hayley, whose death, by drowning, at Manly, was reported in the papers last December, has turned up " all well," after a few weeks' rustication with a friend, sup- posed to be " nearer and dearer " than all others. Miss Hayley, in the attempt made to blind her family as to what she was really about, displayed considerable ingenuity, which might have been better directed ; and the sympathy then expressed for her supposed untimely fate did not last after her accidental drowning was discovered to be a ruse, adopted to cover elopement. A ghastly secret has been revealed in Melbourne : A woman nameil Connor, a noted thief, lately died at Fitzroy. After her burial, the shanty in which she had resided was searched, and cash and deposit receipts, to the amount of £490, were discovered. During the further operation of cleaning, several portions of a human body, well preserved, as if for food, were found ; and the supposition is that the old woman had lived upon the disgusting fare for some time. The affair is as yet surrounded by mystery, but the police are doing all they can to throw some light upon it. Kangaroos are increasing greatly in the northern dis- tricts of New South Wales. On some stations the marsu- pials actually swarm, outnumbering the sheep and cattle in the proportion of three to one. Squatters and farmers are only recovering from the effects of the locust plague, and unless a raid is made upon the no less ravenous quad- rupeds, green feed will become so scarce that the stock depasturing stand a very good chance of being placed upon short commons. A horrible accident occurred near Bungonia last month. " Jack, the Welshman," a station hand employed by Messrs. Glennie and Styles, went to a spot in the bush, about half a mile from the Home-station, to capture a native bear. Two days afterwards he was discovered dead, with a tree lyiug across him, and both of his arms and his throat cut. It is supposed that, after cutting down the tree, he was unable to get out of its way when falling, and afterwards being powerless to extricate himself, inflicted the wounds to help in ending his misery. If we can believe some reports that reach us from South Australia, it would seem that the actual blessings of Providence are looked upon by farmers in that favoured country as misfortunes. The late wheat season has been so very good, that growers in the interior cannot obtain more than 2s. 9d. per bushel for the grain ; and viewing this abundance in the light of a national calamity, the said growers have announced their intention of emigrating to more sterile regions, where there is some remote chance of the golden grain being sold for an equivalent of its own weight in the most precious of commercial metals. Mr. Innes's contemplated Act for the punishing of se- ducers-those Bmall- couscienced gentry who contemplate the ruin of females, achieved under pretenc* of a desire for marriage, with about as much remorse as the fowler does a wounded bird-would scarcely need framing if every girl who has loved not wisely, but too well, would bring her perjured admirer as sharply to the scratch as did a Miss -, living near the Murray Border, a few weeks ago. The story affecting her is to the following effect. The son of a neighbour long sued for her hand, and eventually suc- ceeded in gaining her consent. Under promise of marriage he seduced her ; and the girl, finding that delay would only expose her improvidence, implored for an early marriage. Excuse after excuse wag urged on the young squatter's part, and at length he ceased communicating with his vic- tim altogether. After a time a report became current in the district that the dishonourable lover had transferred his affections elsewhere, and was on the eve of marriage with another young lady. With an^amount of hardihood, that shewed both a want of sense and good feeling, the young man called at the residence of his victim's father. The girl enquired whether the report as to his approaching mar- riage was correct; he replied in the affirmative, when she seized a revolver and fired At him. He made for his horse, which was fastened up outside the door ; but before he could reach it, the girl had fired other four shots, one of which wounded him in the arm, another penetrated his leg, the third went through his hat, while the fourth killed the horse. It is not improbable that the affair may yet come under the cognizance of the authorities, but should the case be remitted to a jury, and the facts be as stated, the chances are greatly in favour of a verdict of " served him right " being returned. When a lad in Melbourne desires to stay out late at night, and his father objects to it, the youngster settles the matter by cowhiding his misguided relative. Upon whom devolves the honour of haying introduced this custom to Victoria is not certain ; but it, and others kindred, are being enlarged daily. Sometimes it is a poor struggling mother who tries, with all the force of her weak nature, to bring up a child in the way he should go, getting, in return, a knock-down blow from the young ruffian that will incapa- citate her for a month. Sometimes, a too-forgiving and aged father finds himself capsized in the middle of a mild lecture intended to warn his offspring against the evils of late hours and bad companionship. Civilization is pro- gressing. Perhaps it is a desire to impress our possible invaders with au idea of their prowess in the battle-field proper that induces our volunteers to turn their mock engagements into real ones, and just because no foes are there to prevent them, inflict severe and it may be disastrous wounds upon their friends. If any solution is to be found for the action of certain members of our gallant defenders, who when "cap- tured" hythe opposing force during a sham fight, turned upon their, guards, and firing at point blank range endea- voured to fight their way back to the column from which they were separated it must be this. One young fellow named Bayliss had his face fearfully scorched by the un soldierly act of his brother volunteer, and will, it is said, lose the sight of one of his eyes. A court martial will inquire into the matter. A snake, adventure, which is reported from Gippsland, suggests a question which doctors alone could decide, if they had been cool observers of the event. Unfortunately, no Medico was present, and we must perforce take a journalist's opinion that the case was one of remarkable presence of mind. A man, while loading a cart with peas, had the mis- fortune to make the acquaintance of a large black snake in manner and form following :-When lifting a forkfull of straw up, the man, to his horror, saw his dark majesty quietly disentangle himself from it and take refuge in his own bosom. The journalist says "the man, with great nerve, stood quite still, and the snake, after perambulating his body for some time, found a place of egress up to the man's neck, and thence to the ground, where he was despatched." There is such a feeling as terror, which deprives people of all volition while deathly danger is present. For some time past, a "ghost" has been terrifying the quiet people who attend church at St. George's, Launces- ton, Tasmania. The other evening, as a young lady and her devoted admirer were doing a nocturnal stroll through the haunted ground, the spirit put in an appearance, and endea- voured to scare them from their love-making. The lady screamed, as may well be supposed, but the young man, believing that people who have been decently buried have no right to go wandering about at night, to the annoyance of others who have not yet cast ott this mortal cou, gave chase, and a little while afterwards returned to his terrified companion with a considerable portion of the runaway " ghost's " habiliments. They consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and a skirt, to which was securely fastened that indispensable aid to female beauty-an improver. If the bestowing of benefices is really one way of gaining support to a Government, then Mr. Robertson has been earnestly endeavouring to procure for his team that amount of public recognition necessary to keep him and bia colleagues where they are now, and where they have been endeavouring to get by hook or by crook duringthe last three years. Circumstances have been favouring him vastly too. For some time previously to the demolition of Mr. Robert- son's arch-enemy, Mr. Parkes, the city alderraeu com- plained that they were unable to find money enough to " make the mare.go ;" and they appealed to Government to help them in the matter. There was a sum of £10,000 pro- mised to be placed upon the estimates for their benefit ; and the aldermen, in their extremity, asked that it might be advanced to them for use before the formal asking of Parliament. A member of the late government-Mr. Suther- land-in reply said in effect that " he would see about it," and evidently meant to keep his word, but just as every-, thing was arranged, the crisis occurs. After a short interval the "outs " go in; and a deputation beiug immediately got up, is received in Btate by the new Premier, who astonished his visitors with his knowledge of municipal affiirs, and ends the interview by actually ¡jioing the money which his predecessor had promised. The Council now wants to obtain from Government an Act giving them additional taxing powers, the transfer to them of all licence fees, and to have their right acknowledged to tax all government property. After all that has been urged against their use, it-seems that brandy and ammonia are the best antidotes to snake- bite that can be obtained. Doctors disagree as to their efficacy in every instance, it is true ; but still the regular experience of people living in the bush, and who have had to ride long distances for the remedy when persons near them have been bitten proves that it is one of the most valuable of antidotes. Only lately a child named Cassidy was bitten by a large brown snake near Cargo. Shortly afterwards his uncle passed with some other men, and hearing of the matter, gallopped into Cargo for a bottle of brandy, while another of the party went to a saw-mill in another direction and obtained a small quantity of ammonia. Two glasses of brandy were at once administered to the lad, and afterwards a small portion of brandy and two drop of ammonia were poured on the wound. Ammonia externally administered, alternated with brandy and salt applications and small internal doses of brandy were given during the night. The lad was several times nearly succumbing to sleep, although the most energetic means were used to prevent him from doing so ; yet, in spite of all the endeavours used, he went into a comatose state at about half-past eight iu the evening, when a few minutes before twelve they again succeeded in rousing him, keeping him awake till half-past four, when he was allowed to sleep. Since that time he has been gradually getting better, and no further ill effects are feared. The question has been asked, " Would the boy not have recovered sooner had more ammonia been ad- ministered?" 