. ' ! 1 , A CARNIVAL OF SPIRITS: .//.' y ! / The millions of' Spiritualists, -in the United States, says the Chicago.: Tribune,. find . tlieir .Mecca juBt now in a little farmhouse whicli lies seven miles north of Rutland, Vt.-; Tt: is tlie home of William H; and Horatio G. Eddv. and it is haunted with hundreds of ghosts. Colonel : Henry S. Olcott has been investigating the pher noihena for-the New York Daily Graphic, "aiid his letters have.been profusely illustrated. The Eddys were' tormented by spirits from their birth. " Their father, a prosaic farmer, first essayed: to ca3t out the devils by beating and starving the victims. When this failed he used, his children's spiritual gifts to make money; They gave exhibitions.- He superintended the show and pocketed the proceeds. " The boys andi their sisters (now dead) were mobbed, ; stoned; beaten, burnt, and shot. They were twisted into agonising positions and tied there for hourt while the manifestations went on. When they came home; they would gladly have relinquished their inconvenient powers, but they could not; It is noteworthy,) by the way, that these powers rw.ereL. inherited. . .Mrs Eddy, the mother of thb .Hoys, was a clairvoyant. Her mother had; the Isame / fapulties. Her groat-grandmother.; jjyas Sentenced' to death for witchcraft in 1694;hui fitas. -rescued from Salem Gaol by friends, and secretly sent to Scotland. The children could not go to school, for they were accompanied thither by rappings that drove the other scholars wild with fear. They have consequently: had little education. They are, and always ; luive :been /unpopular. They are sly, .gruff, sensitive) men. Their reputation for- integrity is good, but the neighbours tliink they are in "league with .the. ; devil.' . ! With this preface : about themselves, we . /pass , to what they or tlie spirits around them . have ; done. TlierS have been thousands of these manifestations.; Very many, have consisted only of - feats of; clairvoyance, moving furniture, - -and:- rap-; ping out-various communications.' ; Two great! classes of- facts remain— the floating in" the; air of human bodies and the materialisation of> spirit forms: -Horatio Eddy, whon 'ho ivas in! his' seventh yoar, was one higlit carried three, ' miles' through the air', to a" neighbouring mo'iih-; iain-top and left to' go home as lie' could. 1 Col. Olcott . gives no authority. ..for .the story, ..wliieh may be founded' on a mere case/of sleep-walkiiig, but; he quotes the testimony of two, out of three eye-witnesses to the fact that another : brother, -now dead, was carried out of a window-and over) a house.: There are hundreds of instances 'to . be/ given under the second "grand division— -the! \- materialisation of spirits. - , The ghosts of known) : and unknown ' persons have appeared " in ' the: house and in the neighbourhood';' ih1 darkness1 and in light. People : have talkM . with them) arid 'have felt them. They have been' distinctly- seen. ' rOblotaei Olepti'-whedj'titfe'.'spitiV of an; Indian- girl, Hoiita, twice. , Slip,, stbp.d on Fair-: banks' scale; and . - weighed 88 - pounds tlie .first . time and 65 the next. He turned the full-force of a powerful battery, upon her withoutproduc-, ing any apparent effeot. Nearly all the phono-; mona attending the - appearance of '( Katie- King" inLondon and in Philadelphia 'have been, repeated- in or around the Eddy homestead.- "Veiy many persons have witnessed tliem'.; Since! Col. Olcott began his investigation lie Kas're-i coiyod innumerable letters from, iiU oyer ; the- cbiintry asking him to procure iiffbrmatipU 'on! diR'qront,. points from the spirits, .Most of the, lettbfs',!'it is needless to add, aro very silly.; Tlioy servo -to- /show,; noyprthqloss, . liov ,wido-i. spread public, . interest - in this , subject; .is. .! ! Isj spiritualism a ohoat , ,or- is- it true 1 iTlioro aroj -many, many people wiio would givo a good deal -to have this, question, definitely decided. --i;- .' Wliat is your , business 7 " said-, tliq, niagis-! t'rato of a polico-cburt.ilie other, morning to a> prisoner. " I'm an observationist, your wor ship."—',' An obsorvationist!' what's tliat?" — " One who looks round in tho daytime tosqe- what.hc'can stoal at night, if it ploase. ypiir wdrahip/7.4;?/'!./',- ' "Y,.....!1:' '' 