still marked on the fingers.' A lady's glove is far more charming as a relic in theory than i^. iacfc, as many a sentimental lover has discovered for himself. At the end of a year it is apt to look un pleasant, and at the end of two years— if ever any lover kept one so long- it would invite the intervention of a pair of tongs to convey it to the dustbin. Mr. Greville thinks that both. George and William were more or ie-w mad, and Lord Brougham aa mad as any body. He speaks truly enough of the latter as ' dropping on the woolsack as on his poli tical deathbed.' Begive3 a vivid account of the scene at the dissolution of Parliament in 1S3I, previous to the passing of the Befora Bill, when the Lords were in noisy debate up to the very moment of the King's ascending the throne, and the Chancellor (Brongbam) kept 'skipping in and out of the House, and making most extraordinary speeches. In the midst of the uproar he ?went eut of the House, when Lord Shaftes bury was moved into the chair. In the middle of the debate Brougham, again came in, and said, 'it was most extraordinary that the King's undoubted right to dissolve Parlia ment should be questioned at a moment when the House of Commons had taken the un precedented course of stopping the supplies,' and having so said (which was a lie) lie flounced oat of the House to receive the King on his arrival. The King ought not properly to have worn the crown, never having been crowned; but when he was in the robing-room he said to Lord Hastings, ' Lord Hastings, I wear the crown; where is it?' It was brought to him, and when Lord Hastings was going to put it on his head he said, ' Nobody shall put ^the crown on my head but myself.' He put it on. and then turned to Lord Grey and said, *!Kow, my Lord, the coronation is over.' George Viliiers said that in. his life he never saw such a scene, and as he laoked at the King upon ihe throne with, the crown loose upon his head and the tall grim figure of Lord Grey close beside him with the sword of state in hia hard, it was as if the King had got his executioner beside him, and the whole picture looked strikingly typical of his and our lutnre destinies'— destinies still in the future. Neither the Crown nor the aris tocracy have fallen yet, and could the antagonists of the Reform Bill have looked forward to results they would have seen that in the extremity of their fears they were making 'Much ado about nothing.' \- A man who has been physician to two or three of the Bonapartes and who haa entirely made his own way in the world must have something to say that is worth hearine, and the 'Autobiography of A. B. GranvTUe,' M.D., F.R.S., edited by bJ3 daughter, contains the history of an eventful life prolonged to very nearly ninety years. .Agostino Bozzi was born in Milan in 17S3, and his only right to the name of Gran .ille arose from the possession of an English maternal ancestor so called. He originally thought of entering the Church of Jiome, though he afterwards became a Protestant, and eventually chose the profession of medi cine. In 1S02 he left his studies to escape a conscription, joined a. company of strolling players and wandered far and wide, but, unlike most wanderers, seemed always to fall upon his feet in every fresh place, in the Ionian Islands he met with the late Mr. VT. R. Hamilton, and wa3 by him otferedthe post of Physician to the British. Embassy at Constantinople. The doctor ' jumped at the offer,' adopted the Turkish dres3, and made notes of all he saw upon his travels. He was afterwards second physician to the Turkish feet, then supercargo of a Venetian vessel, then medical officer on board a Portu i guese man-of-war,, and in IS 13 settled in London, having previously taken the . name ef Granville. He then entered as a pupil at 'Westminster Hospital, his medical K education having been of the most slender description, giving lessons at the same time in Latin, mathematics, and chemistry. It -was a long time before patients began to consult him, and he made many expeditions to the Continent, when such expeditions were rare, and contributed largely to ephe meral literature as the result of his travels, before he began to succeed in his profession. It is probable that he owed his practice among distinguished foreigners to his unusual knowledge of foreign languages. In 1S40 he had been attending Joseph Napoleon, who had had a tit of apoplexy in London, and on July 2b* went to see him on board the steamer chartered to convey him to Rotterdam when Prince Louis, afterwards Emperor, came to bid good-bye to ' his uncle. Joseph recalled to his memory a promise of the night before not to embark in any fresh plots ' compromising the honour and the name of Bonaparte.' Dr. Granville gives the dialogue in the original French. As the bell sounded for the departure of visitors the old man, still holding the hand of his nephew, repeated his warning — 'No plots, yon understand. Keep your b money for important occasions. When France wants us she will call for us.' 'Do 'not 1-e uneasy, uncle,' was the reply; 'you 5 lay trust me,' retreating one or two steps ^in the meanwhile. ' Truly?' cried the nncle, j with tears in his eyes. ' Upon my word of | honour!' exclaimed the Prince, with one I hand upon his heart, and he was gone.' At i that very moment the expedition to Boulogne I was organized, and in the fortress of Ham ' Lonis Napoleon had ample time to meditate * upon his duplicity. Dr. Granville's book is I a pleasant one, and perhaps none the less so ^ for a little harmless vanity. f 'Mendelssohn: Letters and Recollec ttions, by Dr. Ferdinand Hiller, translated fby M. E. von Glenn,' is a very interesting ^addition to the biography of this great man, and brings him before us very ; pleasantly. Mendelssohn was not only a matter of his own art, but was on a level in intellect and cultivation with eminent men of all kinds, and would have ? been an ornament to any society. If his genius had not flowed out in music it would have made itself conspicuous in other ways. His letters are charming, full of acute and delicate criticism, lively observation, and pro found thought. He wrote almost equally jm& in German, English, French, and Italian, [and the simplicity and grace of his style is jdelightfnL Mendelssohn was a slightly made J^nan, with an eager earnest face. When con Jbuctinghis 'Oratorio of Elijah' his whole | figure seemed to yield to the music. It was las if the fragile form gave life to the eweet Bounds breathing itself oat in glorious | tarmony. His eye dilated and his face was lit up by the expression which pervades all liis music— aspiration earnest, humble, and I 4evout. His letters alone would make up I an admirable autobiography, and we hope I that mqre of them will be given to the I world. We have room for only a short I extract. He says, after speaking of the per I formance of some of Bach's music as wanting I m interest :— ?' 1 like so much when there is I ifcat kind of uncertainty which leaves room I for me and for the public to have an opinion. I in Beethoven, and Handel, and Bach, one I feiows beforehand what it will be, and I * great deal more besides. You are quite I j|ght in Baying that it is better in Italy, ? ipiere people have new music every year I ad mnsfi also have a new opinion every year! P^?only the opinions and the music were a little bit better. At this you snort and say /??What is better? Well, if yon want to L^gow, something more to my taste.' Here ? Jf a little bit of suggestive autobio ? franky:— 'At the Sing Academie in Berlin they aang a piece of my own in Euch a way that I shoald have got seriously angry if Cecile had not sat by me and kept on saying ? Dear husband, do be calm.' They also played me some quartets, and always bungled the very same passages that they had bungled tea years ago, and which made me furious ten years ago— another proof of the immortality of the souL' 'Comparative Politics,' by S. A. Free man, consists of six lectures delivered at the Koyal Institution last year, tracing the like ness between the political institutions of various nations. When this likeness is real it is of little consequence what the institu tions are called. In Mr. Freeman's own words, ' If two nations are shown by other evidence, especially by philological evidence applied to other subjects, to be kindred nations, holding in common a large share of primitive stock— if the nature of their political institutions, no less than their lan guage, their mythology, their customs of other kinds, naturally suggests the thoughts of a common derivation — the mere fact that their institutions do not bear cognate names is not enough to disprove or even to throw doubt upon the common derivation of these insti tutions.' There are some likenesses which extend so widely that no arguments can be based upon them, and among these we should be inclined to place the commencement of nations by the assemblage of families or clans elect ing one head, which seems almost everywhere to have gradually given way to the assem blage of tribes which deriven their union from local rather than penealogical ties. In the first form of society, derived often from the worship of a common ancestor, old grudges were perpetuated, and the bitter ntolerance of each clan, if kept within bounds for purposes of mutual interest, only blazed out more fiercely against the rest of the world. Local ties being less binding, were less aggressive, and weakened the ascendancy of class, but the development of nations has been of slow grow tb, and the older the world grows the broader becomes the basis of union. Man began by isolating himself like the brute in his own special den, the hand of each being against that of his neighbour. 'When shall we learn to carry out the Christian precept in its entirety and every man love his neighbour as himself? ' Telegraph and Travel: a Narrative of the Formation and Development of Telegraphic Communication between England and India,' by Colonel Sir Frederic Goldsmid, C.B., K.C.S.I., is an interesting and not too technical account of all the obstacles and difficulties encountered by those who planned and executed the Indian Telegraph. These, as might be expected, arose chiefly from the variety of countries to be passed, through and the innumerable prejudices to be overcome. Our own telegraph was a triumph of science and courage, the Indian telegraph was a triumph of diplomacy and perseverance ; and the vexatious delays caused by oriental craft, oriental jealousies, and oriental indolence must have taxed the wit, the powers, and the patience of the managers to the highest degree. Persia had first to be convinced of the fact that she wanted a telegraph. Then she protested that she could make it for herself, and when persuaded to accept £10,000 per annum to allow England to make it for her she made a new grievance out of the fact that she was not allowed to work it. If the Turk3 worked their lines why could not the Persians wcrk theirs? When these diffi culties had been got over and the line was herein a new obstacle arose in a disputed boundary. Turks and Persians both claimed a certain piece of land, and it seemed as if the telegraph could not be made over this until Qie long-disputed question was decided. Each party protested its right to put up the poles. Now the Turks used iron poles and the Persians wooden ones, bo Sir Arnold Kembell hit upon the happy expedient of putting up iron and wooden poles alternately all throue the disputed territory. The telegraph poles were themselves often a cause oi provoking delays. The Shah gave orders to the Governor of each province to furnish the poles, but the Governors often took not the slightest notice of these orders; and in their turn actually had the impertinence to order the British oiiicers to do no work within their jurisdiction. The honesty of the English otHcials was also greatly in the way, every little village potentate being utterly disgusted to h'ud his schemes for making money for himself out of the peasants frustrated by the British officer's rule of seeing every workman paid in his presence. When we consider the number of different countries the telegraph had So pass through, each of which presented similar obstacles, we shall not be surprised that the por tion of the Indian Telegraph from Parache to Constantinople was eight years in construction. It was begun by Colonel Stewart — Pat Stewart as he was called— and completed by the author of the book, Colonel GoliL-nrid. Colonel Stewart, whose adven tures read like a romance, was a delicate man of extraordinary energy and extreme con scientiousness, equally careless of his health and of danger ; so active in his work that ' five riding horsc3 barely sufficed him,' and taking his relaxation in hunting 'big game.' He was once carried off by a tigress, which after wounding him in thirteen places dropped her victim thinking him dead. He obtained a very reluctant permission to jein the second expedition for the relief of Lucknow after he had distinguished himself in the first, and was followed by a special telegram to the Com mander-in-Cbief, intimating that he was not to be killed upon any account. Sir Colin Campbell was just reading this when he saw Stewart shipping off with a party of skir mishers, who expected hot work. 'Come out of that,' shouted the chief at the top of his voice; 'not content with killing yourself you must give me the credit of it.' Stewart made arrangements for the cable to cross the Persian Gulf, and died a few days after .the completion of the line from the borders of that sea to Bagdad. Colonel Gold smid eeems to have been an admirable successor, and his incidents of travel are not less interesting than his history of the tele graph. The glory and mystery of the East are departing; telegraph wires cress the plains of Nineveh ; Bagdad, or Baghdad, as the author spells it, turns out to be a mere modern city, and there are no cats in Angora! Gcmebacha Election Meetings.— The three candidates for the representation of Gumeracha have agreed to hold joint meetings in the dis trict A revised list, published in another column, therefore takes the place of the announcements previously made. The first gathering under this arrangement will be held to-night at Mount Pleasant The Wallaroo Electorate.— Among oar election announcements to- day will be found an address from Mr. J. H. Haydon, offering himself for the representation of Wallaroo. White's Boom.— There were bumper houses at both performances on Saturday in White's iteom, and at midday Bumbers were turned away on account of the hall being fulL The tricks of Madame Con, and the songs and dances of Miss Wren, Mr. Forde, and Young America were highly applauded, There will be another midday performance on Tuesday. To night is to be Mr. Forde's benefit The Circus.— -There was a good attendance at this place of amusement on Saturday night, when the riding and comicalities were performed with the usual dexterity. This Eybsrg's Concert.— In directing atten tion to Madame Anna Bishop's opening concert, to be given this evening in the Town Hall, we can confidently predict that it will be a triumphant success. The gifted lady, whose fame as an accomplished vocalist is co extensive with civilisation, will be assisted by three other artists, each of superior attainments, and we are sure that the mimc-loving public of Adelaide will be glad of the opportunity of hearing them. This evening's programme con tains a choice selection of ballad and operatic mu6ic. Signor Carmini Morley, tenor, who makes bis hirst appearance in Adelaide, has been highly spoken of by the Press of the sister colonies, as is the case with Mr. Beaumont Read, alto. The Post-Office.— We understand that the Government propose to carry into immediate execution most of the recommendations of the Commission who have reported upon the working of the Post-Office Department, and that the chief appointments suggested will be made in the course of thw week. They do sot, however, propose at present initiating the system of penny postage hi towns. The Elections.— Meetings of electors are advertised for to-day at RedhUl, Blumberg, Paradise, Gawler, Mount Torreus, and Auburn. Brighton Institute. — The annual meeting of this institution will be held this evening in the local Town Hall. The Coast Trade.— We are requested to call attention to a change in the advertised date of sailing of the steamer Napier for JSdithburgh. She will sail on Tuesday next -upon the arrival of the 4 p.m. train. Meeting at Gumeracha. — Messrs. E. Ward and F. Hannaford addressed a largo meeting on Saturday night at the District Hotel, Gume racha. Mr. B. D. Ross was also present, but took no part in the proceedings. Both candi dates received votes of confidence. Cemetebies IN City. — The burial-grounds in Hobart Town were closed about two years ago. All interments now take place in one general cemetery some distance from the city. Mr. H. K. Hughes.— This gentleman, late M.P. for Port Adelaide, haa bo Liked his passage by the February mail steamer for England, He will be accompanied by Mrs. Hughes. Singular Iksects.— A gentleman, writing to a friend in Launceston, said: — ' Lost week when old and young, big and little, were enjoying themselves at the Sunday-School treat clouds of little black ant-like things were noticed flying about. Imagine our surprise aud annoyance in the morning to find our little visitors had spoilt coats, hats. -kc, by boring little round holes in them about the size of a pin's head.' Rapid Driving and Riding Round Corners. — The City Council and police authorities have decided upon at once prosecuting persons violating By-law No. 38 of the Corporation of Adelaide, which enacts that 'Every person who shall ride or drive any animal or animals, whether attached to any vehicle or not, at more than a walking pace round the corners formed by the junction of any public or private street in the City of Adelaide with any other street in the said city, or across the intersections of any of the streets of the city, or along or across the City Bridge shall for every offence forfeit and pay upon conviction a penalty not exceeding teu pounds.' Anotheb Fibe at the Cemetery. — On Sun day, the 24th instant, about midday, another fire broke out in the West-terrace Cemetery. Some boys at once communicated with Mr. Brooks, the Superintendent, who was soon on the spot, and, aided by his men with boughs, wet bags, and buckets of water, after about balf-an-hour's battle conquered the flames. Too only damage done was the burning of some prickly hedge, a quantity of grass, and the destruction of a number of young wattles. The fire apt ears to have originated just outside the western boundary fence, and it rapidly consumed the hedge and grass, which at this season are very dry. The wind being moderately strong in the west soon raised a powerful blaze, which swept at a great rate towards the front of the grounds. Whentheflamesbad reached about half the depth of the enclosure the wind.suddenly veered round, which enabled the workers to master the con flagration. About half of the southern portion of the cemeteiy, wbichis not used for interment, suffered, The arrangements are such that little damage can be doae to the part nowin use, as it is laid out in blocks of 18 feet width, separated by wide paths kept clean and free from any dry grass, so that no fire could spreadfrom one block to an«the.*. Although no fire-reels were sent fo three attended. Mi. JBenbow's No. 2 horse-ree being first, followed by Mr. Hendry's No. 7 and j Mr. Morris's No. 3 hand- reel, but as no plugs are in the lower part cf the grounds they would have been useless if needed. The fire is sup posed to have been caused by some boys, as they are found constantly in and about the place, aud young men and women, like those who congre gate at the bank of the Torrcna native camp, are sometimes seen sitting in the shade of the hedges at tho rear of the cemetery. Mount Gambier Potatoes.— The Watch says : — ' Fears are beginning to prevail for the safety of tho potato crop. The whole of this week has been particularly trying, and in some cases it shows unmistakable signs of giving way. Some hope-giving showers fell on the 22nd, but should a good heavy rain not come within a few days whole fields will be irretriev ably ruined. The scorching heat of the weok Las fairly absorbed all the little nourishment that was left in the soil. We have never seen the country look so wretched.' Death from Sunstroke.— The Watch states: — 'A lamentable death occurred at near Yahl Paddock on Friday morning, the 22nd instant, the result of sunstroke or tho effects of tho extreme heat. A lad, aged 13 years, named John Umpherston, son of Mr. William Umpher- ? ston, farmer, was assisting reapers in his father's paddocks, near home, on Thursday afternoon at about 5 o'clock, when he suddenly felt very ill. Fe was taken to a building near, and there became insensible and was seized with a series of fits. At 7 o'clock Dr. Addison was sent for, but on reaching Mr. Umpherston's found the poor lad in a very hopelass state and utterly un conscious. Under his treatment the lad rallied somewhat, but did not regain consciousness, and he died at 7 o'clock yesterday morning. The deceased had not been well during Tuesday and Wednesday, and on Thursday was quite pros trated, so that it is not quite certain whether death was the result of direct sunstroke or the effect of the great heat on a weak constitution.' Paramatta Mining Company.- We have re ceived a copy of the balance-sheet of this Company for the half-year ending December 31. We note that the expenses have been £8,156 18s. lid., whilst the proceeds from the sale of ore have amounted to £8,092 13s. Ud., showing a slight loss, but against this there appears to be 344 tons of ore, part of which has been sold but not included in the accounts, and the rest is at prase, the whole being valued at £3,300. The ore raised during the half-year has been 955 tons, and the quantity sold 1,134 tons. The assets show a balance of £3,843 133. lid. over the liabilities. Captain Warren reports— 'that the bottom level shows a vast improvement on that above. The last 16 fms. driven inthe62-endsouth have yielded fully 100 per cent more ore than the corre sponding drive at the 52-fm. level, and we have every reason to expect that it will have further improved at the 72-fm. level, and that every effort must be made to get these drives back into the shoot of ore as early as possible, when— with copper anywhere above £90 per ton — the mine will take its former position among the dividend-paying mines of the colony.' The Central Road Board.— The following are the members of the Central Road Board nominated by the District Councils:— Mr. J. H. Angas, J.P., chosen by 45 districts; Mr. A. Hal lett, J.P., by 49; Mr. F. Hanuaford, J.P., by 49; and Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., 44. Narrow Escape from Drowning.— The Strathalbyn paper reports:— 'On Tuesday, the 19th inst, a girl of Mr. Woolfitt's, of thin town, and aged 18 months, appears to have gone to a large tub of water which was standing iu a corner of the kitchen. She was not uHed for two or three minutes, and when discovered in the tub was apparently lifeless. Dr. Ferguson was immediately sent for, but before he arrived neighbours placed the child in warm water and happily succeeded in getting a gurgling scream from her. When the doctor arrived he further successfully treated the infant, and after a little perseverance restored her to animation, and ahe is now nearly well again, and would seem to be none the worse for her young adventure io a Thb Light.— Mr. D. Nock, J.P., of Kapunda, has now announced himself as a candidate for election by tbia constituency. Regatta.— Saturday, January 23, being the anniversary of the marriage of Prince Alfred, was selected by Mr. Simpson, of the Parade Hotel, Glenelg, as the day on which to hold a regatta, arranged entirely by the worthy bouiface himself. The day was a 'royal' one indeed. Nothing could have been more suitable for the occasion, or more thoroughly enjoyable than the bright warm weather with a fresh breeze to counteract the strength of the sun's heat This, doubtless, had a very strong influence on the attendance of visitors, who mustered in large numbers in the course of the afternoon, 80 much so that the pier was quite thronged. Owing to the paucity of entries for the several events, and also to the somewhat perfunctory character of the arrangements, the regatta, as such, was somewhat tame, although there were some exceptionally good contests. Unless, how ever aquatic sports are very carefully arranged and punctually and spiritedly carried out they will inevitably be uninteresting, and it is to be feared that but very few of the many who were at Glenelg on Saturday last even knew what was going on. Mr. Hallet acted as judge, and Mr. Martin discharged the duties of Btarter. The first race, which, started about noon, was for fishermen's sailing boats of 20 feot keel and under. The course about 10 miles, extended from the end of the pier twice round 'the hulk' and a buoy to the south-west Three boats started, viz., Mr. W. H. Kemp's Lily, sailed by Kemp, jun., Shepherd, and Primrose; Mr. Yates's Venture, manned by Yates, jun., Peu nington, and Hibberd; and Mr. Koval'a Ade laide — crew, the owner, and George aud Peter Burton. The lily had two mishaps at starting, first the mainsail and then the jib coming down with a run owing to defects in the gear. When fairly under weigh, however, she soon cut out a position for herself in the race. The contest lasted about three hours, and had a most exciting finish, the Lily and Venture running home before a fresh south-west breeze stem and stem for at least a mile and a half. Up to the last minute it was impossible to say which would prove the victor, but the crew of the Venture by a clever short tack in when not more than 50 yards from the winning buoy managed to show* about two feet of her bows to the Judge in front of her rival. The struggle was so very close that some doubt was expressed as to which was the conqueror, but the majority of the onlookers supported the Judge's decision. The Venture therefore took the first prize, a silver hunting-watch value £10 10s., aud the Lily, as the second boat, a box of tea. Another race had been provided for between the losers in the first eveut, but the entries were not sufficient to allow of its coming off. Accordingly the third race — a pulling match for two- oared square sterned boats of 20 feet keel and under, a cox swain being allowed— was next proceeded with. The entries weie: — The Blanche (crew — G. Burton aiid J. Spence); I Will if I Caa (crew Martin and 'Alick,' coxswain, J. Primrose); the Edith (crew — J. Yates and H. Pennington, coxswain, J. Hawkes). The course was from the jetty round the hulk and back again, aud the three boats kept well together until they turned for home, when the Edith drew away from the other competitors aud easily carried off the first prize— a silver cup, valued at £5; the Blanche, which was about eight Jengtas behind, obtaining the second award, £2 in cash. A second pulling contest, in which the same crews were to have engaged, but with the boats changed, was on the programme, but did not come off. The third and last event was a dingey sailing race for boats of 14 feet keel aud | under, the first prize being a gold locket j and pin, and the second a £l-note. Four boats i entered, viz. — Mr. Masters's Alceste, sailed by I Brewer and Kemp ; Mr. Yatea's Lucy, in which j were H. Pennington and Yates, jun. ; Mr. : Shepherd's Blanche, manned by Lindsay and i Hawkes ; and Mr. Stone's Seagull, piloted bv her owner. The dingeys had to 30 from the jetty once round the hulk, and the Alcejte was the first by about half a mile to show herself at the Judge's corner; tho Lucy, which had the misfortune to break its mast at starting, being second. This closed the day's sport at about a quarter to 7 o'clock. The settling took place at the Parade Hotel in the evening. Romantic Elopement.— The following lovo story ia from a late issue of the Ararat Advtr tiser :—' A rather romantic episode in the lives of two young Australians finished in their being married at Ararat by one of the ministers resi dent here. They came to the clergyman's abode, made the usual declarations, &c.;, as to their age — the statement of the fair bride not being strictly true, as afterwards discovered, or at all events not tallying with the subsequent representations of her parents. Somewhere not far from Bolangum Station the young man won the heart of his carustma. The troth was plighted. But, unfortunately, the parents obstinately refused consent, and on being pressed for then- reasons informed the youth, who offered to wait for their daughter for two years, that neither then nor at any future time should ho obtain her as his wife. This was a blow to the engagement of no slight kind. ^They were for bidden to meet and hold that converse so sweet to the parties most concerned. Recourse was had to the Post -Office, through which medium the most tender billd-doux were ex changed. Unfortunately, however, the mother found the effusions, whereupon she exercised the motherly authority and chastised her daughter, threatening chastisement— which she subsequently carried out— foreyeiy future letter that would be received. This could not last. The young man matured a scheme of abduc tion; got two fast horses and stationed them at a convenient distance from the loved one's house. The girl, advised of this, had hidden her hat away in a haystack, so that her, out goings on all occasions might be hatless, aud thus ward off suspicion. When the day and hour came, big with her fate, her mother had just found the letter revealing all the plans, and was about to take summary measures, when the daughter sauntered out, and then ran with all speed to the waiting horses, being unable in ker hurry to make a detour for the hidden bat The youth was at his post, the maiden was hoisted to her seat, and the swain flung himself on his charger. ' 'She is won! we are gone over bank, bush, and scaur; 'They'll have swift steeds that follow,' quoth young Lochinvar.' The couple sped on at a headlong pace, both being good riders. The relatives of the runaway flew to their horses, and started in pursuit ' ' There was raciuc and chasing o'er Cannobie Lea, But the lost bride of Netherby ne'er could they see.' The chase was finally given up, and after the fair one had ridden many miles without her hat, she procured one from a station. The loveis ' finally reached Ararat, where they were duly I tied in the tightest of hymeneal bouds.' I A Premature Obituary Notice.— Noticing I the decease of colonists whose public career has ' been in any respect worthy of notice is a common practice among journalists, but a Melbourne paper has in the following paragraph , introduced a novelty, that of publishing what is ; almost tantamount to an obituary notice while ' the subject of it is still alive. The writer says:— . '* We are sorry to hear that Mr. John Jones I Thomas has been suffering during the last nine : months from what there is every reason to believe , will shortly prove a fatal illneaa. The disease, , we understand, has been of a peculiarly painful character, but it has been borne by the patient with exemplary fortitude. Mr. Thomas is an old colonist, and in the early days of the colony : he filled the important office of Senior Inspector ' of Schools. On resigning the appointment he ! took no active part iu pubUo business, but de- ' voted bis leisure in the study of comparative ; philology, which he prosecuted on entirely ! original principles, as those of our readers may I remember who had the opportunity of listening \- to the earliest of a course of lectures which, , under the presidency of Sir Redmond Barry, he j delivered on that subject Mr. Thomas is well , known to several of our most eminent citizens, ; and his many friends will doubtless feel the deepest sympathy with him in bis trying situation.' [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] Thb Poet Magistracy..— Owing to severe [ personal affliction Mr. B. J. Peaks, who has for ; some time occupied the position of Stipendiary ? Magistrate at Port Adelaide, has resigned. His : successor has not yet been appointed, but Mr. £. { Cattle is temporarily discharging the duti'03 of the office, NEW BOOKS. 'Hours in a Library,' by Leslie Stephen, is a book of delicate criticism which should be read by all who desire to cultivate the power of appreciation. How and what to admire requires some study. It is easy to condemn. ' Errors like straws upon the surface flow, Those who would seek for pearls must dive below.' There is no surer sign of hopeless ignorance than the flippant and indiscriminate censure by which young men of immature judgment sometimes think to show their superiority. A judicious critic is the best guide for those who would explore the realms of truth and beauty, but we should not follow him blindly. Every one is liable to error, and we must exercise our judgment if we wish to improve it. Mr. Stephen is an analytical critic, and ingeniously separates each indi vidual peculiarity, which combined make the power and beauty of the author of whom he speaks. For instance, ho shows how Defoe succeeded in making fiction appear to be fact —first, by knitting together a chain of evi dence upon which he contrives to concentrate the attention of the reader and make him forget that it hangs upon an unknown and insecure foundation— in which he has been successfully imitated by Poe; secondly, by putting in little bits of unimportant detail — as, for instance, where Robinson Crusoe records ' This day I began to dig;" and thirdly, and this is the most refined method, by throwing a slight discredit upon the story, as if from an impartial bystander. This he does with wonderful effect in his 'History of the plague,' the reader being often called upon to decide which is true of two different versions of the same incident, when both are in point of fact the invention of th& author. Mr. Stephen illustrates his essay by the well-known story of Mrs. Neal's Ghost, composed as an advertisement to sell 'Drelincourt on Death.' There aro two essays on Pope, an author very much neg lected in the present day, even by those most familiar with his epigrammatic lines. Tho following extract is from his critique upon Hawthorne, to whose genius he does full justice, except in comparing the 'Twice Told Tales' to Beau Brummel's 'failures.' Speaking of the half supernatural fancies in which Hawthorne delights he says, ' Spiritualism and its attendant superstitions are the gross and vulgar form of the same phase of thought as it occurs in men of highly strung nerves but defective cultivation. Hawthorne always speaks of these modem ' goblins with tho contempt they deserve, for they shocked his imagination as much as his reason; but he likes to play with fancies, which are not altogether dissimilar, though his refined taste warns him that they become disgusting when grossly translated into tangible symbols. Mesmerism, for example, plays an important part in 'The Blithedale Romance' and 'The House with the Seven Gables,' though judiciously softened and kept in tho back ground. An example of the danger of such tendencies may be found in his country man Edgar Poe, who with all his eccentri cities had a most unmistakable vein of genius. Poe is a kind of Hawthorne and delirium tremens. What is exquisitely fanciful and airy in tho genuine artist is replaced in his rival by an attempt to over power us with dabblings in the charnel house and prurient appeals to our fears of the horribly revolting. After reading some of Poe's stories one feels a kind of shock to one's modesty. We require some kind of spiritual ablution to cleanse our minds of his dissusting images ; whereas Hawthorne's pure and delightful fancies, though at times they may have led us too far from tho healthy contact of everyday interests, never leave a stain upon the imagination, and generally succeed in throwing a harmonious colouring upon some object in which we had previously failed to recognise the beautiful. Haw thorne's son has just published two novels of late, both giving evidence of hereditary genius; but Julian Hawthornt has not the deality of his father. There is the same sort of difference in their creating that there is between the material supernaturalism of 'Der Freischutz' and the airy music and delicate spiritings of ' The Tempest.' 'The Greville Memoirs; a Journal of the Eeigns of King George IV. and Kinrr William IV.,' by the late Charles C. V. Greville, EBq., edited by Henry Keeve, although occasionally touched with the coarseness of manners of u past age, is a Look brimful of amusement for all who can enjoy gossip and good stories. It contains also enough historical information to sooth the consciences of those who think that they should read only to learn aud digest, for no one can lay it down without feeling that ho has a clearer compreheusion of the events and characters which occupied the field of En« lish history between 1818 and 1837. Whether he is the better for such knowledge is perhaps an open question. It was an ago when party took the place of patriotism, and M/. Greviile appears to have had a quicker eye for the defects than for the merits of the great personages whom his position as Clerk to the Privy Council gave him excellent opportunities for observing. Perhaps if some of these had known that there waa ' a chiel ; amang them takin' notes' they would have I been more careful how they exposed their ! weak points. The book is said to have given : much offence at Court, and no wonder. lb cannot be pleasant to the Queen to see the , faults and follies of her uncles brought out t with such distinctness. ' The sting of wit is truth,' and there is abundance of both in these | pages. Of William IV. Mr. Greville says, j ' He is only a mountebank, but bids fair to j become a maniac.' He describes the Duke i of York's household as the worst managed \ in England. 'There are a great many , servants, and nobody waits on you; a vast number of horses, and none to ride or drive,' ; The Duke sat down to whist with £5 points after dinner, and would never stir from the table ' as long as a party could be made.' He delighted in coarse jokes, and never paid any one, not even his sUrgeon and physician, and yet Mr. Greville sayB of him that he was i 'the only one of the sons of George the Tbirdwhohadthefeelingsof anEnglishgentle man.' TheDukeof Gloucester he sets down as as a thorough fool, and the Duke of Cum berland W3B so rude and offensive in his remarks that some ladies would not permit , their daughters to meet him. But of all the great personages figured in these volumes; no one fares worse than Geonre IV. 'A more contemptible, cowardly, Belfish, unfeel ing dog does not exist,' says Mr. Greville with pretty strong emphasis. There are only too many illustrations of his habits of swearing and rioting and his dread of ridi cule. It was the most 'difficult thing to get him to attend to business. He would talk about rac«B and Newmarket in the Council Chamber. During the last years of his life he never got up till 6 o'clock in the afternoon, went to bed again at 11, and would ring His bell forty times in the= night to ask the time, which he could have found out by turning his head, or for the, glass of water which was close within his reach. ' When he died they found £10,000 in his boxeB and money scattered about everywhere, a great deal of gold. There were above 500 pocketbooka' with money ia every one of them. There were heaps ot trinketB and trash, 'a prodigious quantity of hair — women's hair— of all colours and lengths, some locks with the powder and pomatum still sticking to them, heaps of women's gloves, gages d amour, which ha had got at balls and with the perspiration 