COURSING. [jiy xnntoi).] A few enthusiastic sporting gentlemen met yesterday morning to see the finish ing courses run oil' of the Queen's Birth day private sweepstakes. The meet took place at 10 o'clock on the banks of Suther land's Creek, and the few courses that were obtained were well worth the trouble of going all the distance to see. Hares were not so plentiful as 011 the previous, occasion—we drew the same paddocks but sufficient were obtained to finish the stake in excellent time to get back to town just as the shades of evening were growing dim, although a considerable time was occupied at the conclusion in refreshing the inward-man, which by the tune the stake was finished everyone was in a happy mood for. Hothing could exceed the mag nificence of the weather, and upon the whole a very enjoyable and pleasant day was spent. The winner turned up in that splendid son of old "Wellington—Waterloo —wliich was so much spoken of in the be ginning of the season ; on this occasion he ran a first-class greyhound, winning all his courses 'with the greatest ease against some good dogs. I11 the finishing ties he beat Spring, a dog I at one time thought would turn out a clipper, and I still think is a good one, although not in form—pointless, all but a favored lead up—then having to meet Chloe after running two courses to lier one, and beating her easily was a per formance which only a first chiss grey hound could accomplish. The following are brief details of the running. Spring got best away from slip, and having the inside running got first turn, Waterloo getting well round and guarding his hare well for a succession of drives soon squared matters, steadying himself well in com ing up to a five feet wire fence I10 flew it magnificently and never afterwards gave Spring the ghost of a show. Wander ing Willie going very fast from slips, Chloe not sighting well at first, got first turn. The latter then went in for a succession of drives. I did not think that either dog went at all kindly, as on the face of the hill the hare appeared to beat them ; but pussy changing her tactics, Chloe got in once more, and a few ex changes followed, wlien'the latter killed very cleverly, and won. Waterloo ran a bye with a very clever slut, the property, I believe, of Mr Anderson, and shortly killed, the former's jumping abilities giving him an immense advantage. FINAL COURSE. Chloe rail wide, and did not appear at all in humor. Waterloo led up and did all the early work, after wliich a few ex changes followed ; but from first to last I\Ir Grey's bitch was outworked and out paced in a good trial, and Waterloo won the first money, Chloe and Wandering Willie second and third. The stake will be paid over to the winners on Thursday first, at 4 p.m., at Quiney's Hotel. FIRST TIES. AVaterloo beat Spring. SECOND TIES. Cldoe beat Wandering AVillie. Waterloo ran a bye. FINAL COURSE. Mr Robinson's blk and wht d Waterloo, AVelfington—A'entis, beat Mr Grey's blk b Chloe, Sport — Juily, and won the first money. . 