GUILTY. OR NOTlJWSfflr Bl THB ACTHOBOP Z BbbACH O* PbOKI«b|&C.; ?Arthur! dear Arthur! my first and only love I we are doomed to part ; and 1 know not when or where we shall meet again ! He who made bur hearts and filled them bo fall of love and bound them so closely together, will, doubtless; in. Bis own good time, my Arthur, remove all barriers, to our union ! In the meanwhile dear love, let na doabts of your Edith's truth, end faith, and constancy, dis turb your miad : be snre while she lives Bhe liveaforyou alone. The hie you twice aaveo she will yet devote to you— at morning, at evening and at noonday ehe will pray for her union with you. If yon, her deareBt one, in voke leaven at the same time, the thought of both will meet is boundless space, and arrive together at the throne of Grace ! ' My own true love 1 1 Bend you the ringlet you asked for so long ago. 1 have your dear lock of hair, my Arthur, in a locket hidden in my breast. Oh ! Arthur ! used aB 1 am to your bright converse, and your deep, true love, with all its thousand delicate forethoughts and en chanting tenderness, how cold, how lone, how desolate I Bhall feel without you 1 Thank you, deareBt and best, for, all the happiness 1 have known through yon. In haste and secrecy 1 write, but the day will come, shall come when all the world shall know how dear, how jvery dear, is Arthar to the heart o Edith. This note Edith contrived to send with that which ehe had written to Mrs. Croft by a porter of the hotel. Both letters arrived at the Place Vendome just as Roger Oroft, who had bees detained in England, sore against his will, drove up to Mrs. Croft's lodgings. His rage, disappointment, and despair knew no bounds when he found that Edith had been removed from his mother's care, in spite of Mrs. Croft's description of the insolence, cold tipsd nnd hauteur of Ladv Hanteville's be haviour to her at the Ambassador's ball, Roger Orott, as soon as he had taken a warm bath, and donned a recherche morning costume, resolved to hasten to the Hotel dn Louvre to see Edith, and endeavour to make a favourable impression on Lady Hanteville. Iiudiorously overdressed, glittering with jewellery, scented, glossy, and the quintessence of execrable taste, Eoger Croft called at the Hotel da Loavre just as the young Marquis was handing Ida Hanteville into a carriage laden with luggage, which was to convey the HauteviUe party to the station. Edith was about to accept the Marquis's hand to enter the carriage, in her turn when Roger Croft came up. ' How do you do, Lady HauteviUe P 1 hope I Bee your ladyship in good health ;' said the vulgar, pushing Roger, ' How do you do Lord HauteviUe, and you, Edith, how are you —how do?' and'he familiarly offered to shake I bands with Edith. Edith, her heart full of Arthnr, of the happy past and its old associations, never dreamt of refnsing his hand ; and Lord Hanteville, who, for some secret reasons of his own, always affected great civility to every member of the Croft family, kindly asked after Roger's ..parents, bat Lady Hanteville, scarcely deign ing to recognise the showy intruder, ordered Edith to remove at once to the other side of ] the carrirge, and angrily Baying, ' Hanteville -we shall miss the train,' whispered to her foot man to tell .the coachman to drive on. She then took a cordial leave of the yonng MarquiB to whom she said ' An revoir, at Rockalpine, my dear lord, the sooner the better ;' and, with a very cold distant bend, she dismissed Roger, who, reddening to the roots of his closely cropped hair, raised his hat, and the Baute ville partv drove off without bis even seeing that Edith, in spite of Lady HauteviUe, bowed her head and waved her hand to him, As they drove along, a sudden stoppage occurred, owing to an accident in the road (an over driven omnibus had fallen in the street), and a halt was the inevitable result. Before they were again in motion, a young man, in a deep reverie, drew near At his approach Edith's colour rose to her very temples ; the word ' Arthur !' burst from her lips, her heart almost unconsciously to herself, and as uncon sciously she extended her band, Arthur stopped, raised bis eyes'— those large dark orbs bo full of genius and love; a blush of surprise and pleasure mantled his pale cheek ; and with graceful cordiality he took Edith's extended hand. A.aay aaaceviue surveyed mm witn a cold disdainful scrutiny, which quite escaped him, for he saw. nothing but his idolised Edith. Lord Hanteville, on the contrary, started at the sudden apparition of that noble face, that tall, slender form, as if a ghost had Btood before him. A spasm contracted his brew, a ?deadly pallor stole over his face, a sharp pane ' was at his heart. He leant back in the car* riage and closed his eyeB, and bis mind travel* led in a moment back over a dreary space of twentv.four years— a ghost-haunted space 1 Arthur's face and smile and form .recalled (the distinctness of yesterday) that brother who, is one fatal moment, ia the Black Wood so faraway, had passed from a being, radiant and noble as the youth now before him, to a bleeding corpse; and who, for twenty-four years, had been an inmate of the family vault at Rockalpine-— sent thither, by whom P Lord HauteviUe seemed as Arthur drew near and spoke to Edith, to see that brother once more in the flesh, before him j and the whole dreadful past rushed back upon his heart and brain ; and a deadly f aintness came over him. When he recovered, the carriage was again in motion, Arthur was gone, and Lady Haute ville was scolding the ? pale and weeping Edith for condescending to shake hands with a member of the low Oroft family. Chapter XXXUt ' Invidious grave ! how dost thou rend in sunder ' Whom love ha* knit, and sympathy made one !' On the arrival of the BauteviUes in ljondon, the aid truth waB revealed to Edith, for a tele pram had just reached Hanteville House announcing that the Sari of Rockalpine was m extremis. This telegram was sent by Mr, Oroft, and it announced, aot only that the Earl was dying, but that he was very anxious to Bee his dear Edith before he expired. 'Ob, there mtmt be some mistake there,' . said Lady HauteviUe ; * that is some blunder of that stupid old Croft's. What can the Earl want to see Edith for P' ? Oh, he loves me so dearly, and 1 am so very very fond of him 1' eobbed Edith. - He always said he should send for me when he was dying, and I always promised to be with him,' ' Dear me ! it's aU very extraordinary, as indeed, everything is connected with you, Edith. I shall consolt your father about taking you to Rockalpine. Death-bed scenes are not at aU desirable for young girls par ticularly such a nervous, hysterical, eocentrio one as you are,' \- Oh. -mamma, JL must go! 1 cannot stay away from dear, dear grandpapa, when he has sent for me to doBe his eyes!' said Edith * Do take me with you !' and she feU on her knees in her grief and despair ; but Lady Hanteville only said, ' Let go my robe, you wifi tumble and sod it. i see no neoessity for your Roing, and I do not think 1 shall allow it J' Edith let go her hold on ber mother's dress ? and, still kneeling, buried her face in her bands, sobbing bitterly. . At this moment Lord Hanteville came in In spite of the one dread crime which had' poisoned his life, he was not balf so heartleBS and so crnel an bis wife. He listened to what Lady Hanteville said, and to Edith's words, broken as they were by sobB ; and then raising fcer he said, 'you Bhall go with us, Edith. We must set off at onoe j the carriage is j.t the door ; the express starts in an hour from I Euston Square — we shall only-oeriuat in time.' . ...??.'? ? ? ' - . They travelled all night, and at six in the morning they reached J-lookslpine. Edith spent tbe long, dreary, weary hours in tears and prayers, liady Hauteville's BhaUow head and hard heartier* full of exultation at. the thought that at length Bhe should be a CounteBB, that the ancient coronet of Rooksl pine would grace her brow, that she shonld. wear it in the Honseof Lords, and take pre ?» . a T _ 3 ? ^1 ?_ _«.J iLmI ? n*tJl nknira all JcUcHCW ul AJnUJF buiB vuu va**»»^ *?**«» '» i-ww — -j jf her own daughter, Lady Richlands (aa tbe Earldom of Rockalpine was an older one than that of Biohlands). She would fain have talked on the subjects next her heart,; but Edith could not listen to her frivolous vanities, in the solemn presence ef approaching Lord Hanteville's mind was full of anguish, and his breast of a vagne dread, an everhaunt ing horror. The thought of him, the brother who. but for his crime, ought to have inherited the title and estates about to his own, rose on hie mind as be. looked from the window of the railway carriage into the gloomy distance; that brother's voice to whisper in the wind 1 Then came the thought of hia father's funeral, and of the opining of that dread vault, closed for four and twenty years, and which he mast bear to see re opened 1 In fancy be sees his brotber'p coffin ! Oh, what groans escape, as from his very heart I and how Lady Haute viUe sneers as they catch her ear, inwardly exclaiming ' Is he a fdol or a hypocrite P It is impossible he can really monrn for the old man, who has left him for twenty years out of his title and estates, and who, by all the laws of Nature, ought to have been dead and buried long ago !' 