A VERITABLE GHOST SEEN IN GLEN INNES. BY H. E. B. ( Continued from our last weeFs issue.) THE SEQUEL. All round town, on ev'r.v wall and post. Go where you will, 'tis, 'Have you seen the ghost ?' To profit by excitement, our countrymen contrive ; Another 'new sensation' to keep the game alive." . —pepper's Ghost. Three times on the western horizon had old Sol dipped his rubicund visage in all the ruby splendour and golden blazonry which usually accompany his departure, and followed, while' yet the night was young, by the pale crespented moon, when, in response to a special invitation from my friend, Mr. W — , accompanied as before also by one of my children and. a Mr. D— , I wended my way once more in the direction of my familiar. Our route lay down Ferguson- street, across a decrepit bridge, and by a rugged path past the Residence of Mr. Addison. The day had been somewhat stormy, and an occa sional downpour of rain had fallen from the low- lying and scudding clouds, and the threatening appearance of the heavens gave promise of a drenching in store for us on our return home. Gradually, however, the clouds dispersed, and fine weather supervened, and encouraged us not to forego our visit, which we might otherwise have done, in which case this sequel would per haps have never been written, and certainly not in its present form. We were all, notwithstanding the damping in fluence of tlie weather, . in high spirits, and if merriment could lay the most obdurate of ghosts most assuredly it would have given a quietus to our sprite, which would have been an ample re venge upon him for the concern which he had given to some of us (as the play-bills say) on his " First appearance." Talking of play bills, I should like to say en passant that I once saw, in one of these documents, an announcement of Mr. T. L. Byers, " in three pieces but it did not say whether the three pieces were in three places at the same time, or, perhaps, that would have caused even a greater public excitement than my ghost, who discreetly and modestly disco vered himself " all in a heap," like the boy found sixpence. I do not know whether it is strictly decorous or legitimate to make game of so august a presence as that of a ghost, but I will say that those who were capable of it did have a degree of amusement at its expence, which is rarely to be obtained from so serious a subject. Arriving at last at the house of our friend, a scene met our view which seldom fails in its benign influence on the most obdurate of hearts 1 " a scene of home" — the description of which is necessary to the proper development of our narrative, and so not out of place here. As an intermediate blending of two colours at the point of contact produces a third, which is related to both, and like the dissolving chord in music which connects two strains, so in like . manner the transition from the dull and unin teresting monotony of the bush to the fireside scene I have yet to describe, was broken by the a-ery pleasing effect of a neat, enclosed garden, where industry and nature combined had done their best. Tall, waving willows hid the in hospitable scene on the outside beyond, while the bright shining light shed from the partly- open cottage door gave ns a foretaste of that Avithin. Entering a Avell-lighted apartment, not luxuriously furnished, but; nevertheless possess ing an air of ease and comfort, Avhich is neA7er AAritnessed but in Avell-regulated households, Ave found our friends Avitbiu. A cheerful fire blazed in tho capacious chimney opening, and seated round the table Avere several persons, mostly of the fair sex, and of varying ages, evidently the descendants of the elderly couple, avIio at once rose from their seats and Avelcoined us. .. It is no purpose of mine to chronicle faults, if any exist, and still less my inclination to vievv them as such in any of the persons I introduce into this narrative ; and I am tempted to this re mark in case — as I am pourtraying living charac ters — any reader, actuated by a thoroughly Glen Innes custom, in recognising them, may be tempted to indulge in a contrast to their dis paragement, and I should remind such that "charity "covercth a multitude of sins," and the best Avay to make a man what- we Avould like him to be is to generously treat him as if it Avere such. The company beside the parents consisted of three ladies and several younger persons and children, the families of tAvo of those ladies, and after an exchange of Avelcomes Ave all became seated, thus increasing the party, together with a son of the aged couple Avho entered shortly after us, to some fifteen or sixteen persons. It is difficult to restrain a writer's pen from the very alluring task of delineating the charms of youth, especially in the fair sex, and, except that I regard the readers' patience, I am sorely tempted to become .discoursive thereon in the present instance, liaAung ample material at hand in their aery agreeable persons and manners, but otherwise I take no merit for my forbearance. Uppermost in our minds the subject of conver sation soon turned upon our familiar of the Avoods, and as it Avas the first time the topic bad been introduced, our account of its appearance was poured into Avilling, expectant ears, breath lessly attentive, followed by many remarks upon the desirability of avoiding the locality it fre quented, and many conjectures as to Avliat it could possibly be. I bad enjoined those Avho Avere Avitk me to secrecy, and I studiously forbore from gratifying a very natural curiosity respect ing it, Avhen I was much struck by a little girl — perhaps some nine years old — suddenly exclaim ing, " I saAV it. once, and mother too ; I remem ber it Avas a great thing all Avhite," and I trem bled for my secret. My fears were groundless, however, for the mother did not respond to the remarks of the child, and the mystery was still intact. Some chroniclers at this stage of this a-ery voracious history would record that for the moment the flames on the hearth gave forth fan tastic forms — characteristic demons Avould be seen in the curly smoke rising up the chimney — and that the candles on the tables turned blue ; but I do not go so far, restrained, as I am, by my unAvillingness to mislead the reader. It might have been so, certainly, hut if so I am constrained to say I did not see it. Once started, as is always the case, snch topics multiply, and eAreryone has a ghost-story ready made for the occasion, and their narration became the order of the e\ening, interspersed Avith some music and singing, amongst the latter the identical song which quoted at the commencement of this paper, and Avhen the agreeable evening came to an end Ave arose. It so turned out that one of the ladies present Avas on a Ausist to her mother from Queensland, and as, with her children, she Avas to return borne by the Tenterfield coach in the early morn ing hours, it had been arranged that she, accom panied by some other members of the family, was to sleep in town to be in readinesss for the coach, and as luggage had to be carried (an ofliee distributed among many members of the family), it followed that our party was con siderably augmented by their presence, and it would have been a bold ghost, indeed, that Avould have a-entured to put- in an appearance under such circumstances ; but notAvithstanding this, hoAvever, it soon became apparent to our experienced eyes that it was as ready as eArcr Avith its presence " To point a moral and adorn a tale." Whether its ghostly presence thought that to face such number it was necessary to put on more conspicuous and substantial apparel I knoAV not, but it is a fact that it had lost its indistinct ness and had assumed a marked and a now most unmistakeable shape, and on this account I bad hoped that it Avould have escaped observation. The cause of this Avas that a twilight, the result of the attempt of the moon's pale beams to struggle through the vaporous atmosphere, illuminated the scene too much to give the ghostly element a very matter-of- fact object ; and Avhile I Avas consoling myself that no dis covery would he made, I Avas aroused from my reA'erie by a aroice at my elboAV, Avhich suddenly exclaimed, in li\7ely accents, " Oh, thatchimbley I I suppose that's the ghost ?" and my seeret Avas discovered to my infinite relief, folloAved by much laughter. If any are disposed to be censorious and to condemn me for making so much of what may appear to be so common place a matter, let them reflect that the world's insatiate maw is ever caving for sensational 'food, and my justification must be sought for in the fact that at its beck I haA-e proA;ed myself equally ready to throAv a tempting and digestible morsel into it. 