TALIS AND SKETCHES. W E GHOST IN HOLLY LOUGH. \- • fConcluded.) Al length an event occurred which ' tdistuibed fhe serenity ol tile whole 'family, servants included,-which came the talk of the neighborhood lor <days; and tr let) finally effected a " •doraiB Jr. rtv i tiop. Il was J>eHv<eo eleven aud twelve— nearer tile witching hour—when all •the ncrviti'ts Wimc .mid -iviicu lliciadicit' wc.-e ni-urly so. "Cliarlic deiliirei) lie ~was- dn_*aniiniz of opening a li'aojpeifof wiufr, with -Frank's -assistance, when ho was auoko by one ol the most" awful rows 1 ' he evtJr heard in his life-j and jumping, up to find 'out the 'C(io>,e, met- liismotlreiylier bead an edifice ol ivllite frills, and her •person inclosed in a crimson flannel -arcBBing-go'wh. In a :second pne door -opened, then ; anothi'r; and from each emerged a •scared, -ghostly figure,- in uu'rccog- ! oi*able attire, " "-Did you hear than" "Oh! *what was it?" " Cannot -imagine." «' What'cmi it be 1 1 ?" i" Then arose hysterical squeals ; and •oife 'Or two domestics, wlio^generally 'display their leeliu^a -in unearthly 'noises, emerged.-- " O l laws'! 'Is it 'thiihik'? ? 5 ' '" And ' ihfeii arrived a' sje.Qpy Jennies, almost puking out his 'eyes in his effort to awaken himself, "" .'l'fcfliaps sCliarlie liinibellwas Hie- Hiiost'demonstrative^though in a quiet' Hvay. 'He'was iiwe^struck. . '" We'must look into this'; but it is ftoo "cold lbr you; mother.- -.We will • s s e e ' a b o u t l t • •• •'• ' '. So -a procession was lormcd-, each 'holding a candle, -lor 'fear of beiGg- 'blown -out. -From the cellar to the -garret, -atiti dovniayai-u, they followed •each .'others but jierlcct. tranquillity ! reij:iieti Everywhere- " Nothing out •of.place," -they ail declared. So'they, 'went to beil, to think and Vrcuible,' 'lor lew 'could sleep; unduheiilliev : got "up, 'to whisper -mysteriously, and 'wonder, add Ho cdnMlit the 61dirM iss 'Grim.illUjV, u ilu .'v\ a* ou u Aloif, tmdt 'who declared that in their time nothing •of'theUoft ^vcr-occiirred. And'when 'Charlie'looked -stern and -sad, aud 'they-asked tiitu ilic cause,4)c~said4hat "ai he rushed out to see \vhal-it^vas,'a "cold bla^t .'passed hint when the door •was opened'; and "when Ins sister 'suggested -ceitain -scientific re.isons 'for this .phenomenon, he lunk<-d sadly -•scomlul, and i-jnculaled " Stui"!^' in •a hollow voice. I The nex't 'iij<jht, a simllaY "sfcene Hook 'place, and then llie fmnily re- -sotted that -suine tiiic should sit up iand -watch lor it. or some time was difficult ti) «;ct a volunteer tor tile "first 'watch -; even "Charlie, rile liouae- •liold protector, declaring lie was not -inclined to uieet u spirit ulonc. " Anything wilh'llesh and blood in •il 1 am icady for, and i flatter niyseif •equal to-;' -but anything disembodied is beyond -my -range. and my experience. 1 ' The same unearthly noise was •heard once-more, end then every two or three : nights4t was -repealed, until tliey feared to leave thejr beds, hut 'cowered,-and covered their : heads, and 'wondered. Mrs Dal ion looked pale and worn, and Lucy and- Jane serious ; and thoughtful. The house'became funereal in its air and tone. " Oil, 'Charlie ! do beg mamma to try and 'let the .place, and go-somenvbere else." " No, 'indeed, Lucy. f;did what 1 could before Ve came ; she would not listen to me. You would sot-back oie then, now we-are in lor it." "1 should die before the time expired if "we remained. • Every one is 'talking of it, and'tlie 'Grimshaws will •have it there is something wo have •brought vrth- us—sume spirit belongiiiiU to our lumily, -you know ; and Anne says that the Uullcrwomaii suys •a servant disappeared Irotn here sonic vears ago, aud perhaps she is buried in t he -cellar Kl should Jose my -jjeiises 'if -I saw her." Charlie shrugged 'his shoulders. "Women are iie\i.-i s.ni.-iiod,'' lie, •said. But the end ol' atl-««sthat Mrs iDalton found that-sea-air was neces-, saiy f or ?Lucy; and Mrs Giiinsliaw, 'consented to take the house off heir 'hands, on condi ion "that site paid the. 'rent until a ttfnaot was found. Charlie remaihed -hobfad, reluc-i tantly, as he declared, to send off the .' ' u f!fi8g c i and save them trouble.; Then, when the gates closed on the I carriage, and the latnily were off, the dutiful son proceeded to 'hi* sanctum, and laughedj- loud, and uproariously.; tic looked at his watch- That 'evening a fly drove up to the: Laurels, wiih Frank. the brothers; " old followed 1 ' each other, alter the] usual wont -of brothers, and alter a few moments of settling and unwrapping, found .-themselves tMc-aAile, . sealed on each tide of tlie fire, look- ; Higgood-huuiouredly into each other's: laces—Charlie with his hands in -liis' pockets, and. .meekly triumphant; ®Vauk trying not to seo it. "Well," said he,. x ' I've won the champagne. ' I suppose Jane has told you what sort ol place we are in ? " " Ves, my -fine lellow, and 1 twigged whb .was at the boitom ol it, aud but lor my deep sense ol honour, might have suggested an idea to her. Uer lettirs were great fun, holdiug as I did the key of the cipher." ' In was in vain, however, Frank petitioned for a. rehearsal. Ch^rlw was iniXorahle. "Go io hi-d, "111 lellow. It never ccme< Trhen it'n iva'ciied <oi. 1 thought you koeiv thai " J?rank, however, was scarcely \v»im in his sheets, when, as if Btruck by un electric shock, he sprang out of bed,- arid rushed to ihe door. " What is that? 1 say,-Charlie.' what is it ?,, Is that the thing t By Javt. { Ljud derisive laughter greeted him from above, and then the younger brother rushed up stairs. " Is that it?" "Yes, tint's it," said the other, gently. W<ll, no wonder tliey could not stand it. Why, i' maae me jump ou t o'f bed, although I Was prepared lor the material instead of the supernatural. .Show us the trick, old fellow!" " You would not make a had ghost yourself- as you are. Well, really, frank-,-J am surprised !" THUS rebuked, the junior clad him-, self in some garments; lihiii his brother's store, and clothpil V 1 ' » certain extent, followed i. faariie down io the ci-ilar, ami there at .the tool of (he "stait-s lay -chain, loonesetid of which was atta<-hed a small caniipti-oall. Now-you see it'?" r \ "I see -nothingaufl as ho Sai . this 1 lie kicked the rusty affair out ol his way. "Take care, old fellow, that's il aud Charlie raised the chaiu, and held it up oy -one end. Here-l:e or she is, sir ; the author ol our—say, rather, my release." '•'Come and see-; or rather stand and heat." _ '"TVo ; I -go.wiih you." So they went up to tho top I n iini;, close to which ^iis I,liiirlie's : and then lie dropped -Ins burthen. Duun went the shot ovi r the-vomers ol ihe tairs, hopping from diic- to the otliVr. and dragging the clanking In.ks alter and making unearthly echoes throughout the deserted mansion. Well, i give in. 'I'he cleverest rick 1 iiu'Vj seen lor many a d.iy . Hut then, you hiiVd eighteen. moiiibs the stSn ol 'tiie." I -s.noked a pound ol Cavendish befoie 1 (nt it off tn my >a:is(uctious besides my regular -aUowince. llut you know in lime it would hive shown on the stairs. Lookheie;'' and he produced a (lew round stones about the size of his fist. Ouo of the boards on the upper step was louse—sufficiently so to admit ot his pushiug ill a stone; andthen something nearly as deafening as the -first exhibition ensued. It was only more muffled. " 1 hit ou that in- case of the others attracting notice. They are queerly built, you seo ; such a space between the steps and the lining, and nothing, to check it from (opto bottom. An acoustic phenomenon, 'nothing more. But come in -and -begin to spend the evening, i only sent you to bed to neighten the c'ffect." •f'-What about the howls ?"' "A cat I kicked down-; and look here." .Concealed under the step was e>'gony. So tliey sat down, and having, alter the manner of men, accomplished ibfiir object, began to -feel remorse lor ft After a mutual silencc, Charlie said, " 1 say, Frank, 1 (ell you what we'll do Throw in your ^aviujjs. and never uiind the champagne; I'll makeup the rest, and we'll go to ihe sea, wheu you can get a day, aud I'll do my best to make it up to them someho v. Some day I'll lell Lucy iu confidence, lor 1 should not like to mislead her young mind ou the subject.'' Uui Whether lit: did oi nut, tiie.subject has remained a iii\sU-ij lu l.,e neighboihnoii, us laras I jnuffare, to this dny; aid -d<inii» ilie Ion-; winter evenings tli. ro»».,cs .vlteii talk of tie " Ghost ol Holly Lodge" 