OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. ,,:. (From our own Corrcspondent.) ' Have you seen the ghost 1 is now about the:first enquiry made here, and straight. way a conversation enulos about the eceentrie proceedings of some insane or foolish individual who, arrayed in snowy garments, is said to nightly play pranks, such as will entitle him, when captured, to the mild and salubrious occupation , cracking stones for a month or two. > old cookery book recipe, however, of "first catch your hare and then," &c.;, seems in this instance aptly illustrated, this particular ghost refusing to be caught on any account, although parties, valiant and gay have each night essayed the task of securing his ghostskip in durance vile. Rumor says now, that the affair is die covered, and certain persons, well known, are likely to get into trouble ; at all events nothing authentic is known beyond the fact that sundry and divers persons havo been next to frightened to death without exactly knowing what at, an1 altogether there has been considerable excitemeont on, the sunbject, people not likely to be so foolishly molested at night, albeit they do not credit the stories of a spiritual character..: i As the first of, it is to be hoped, many regular annual meets .at Elwick draws near,the excitement on the subject ie sfies, and now the principal topic of con-0 versatini evewrywhere, is fur tio nonce- horseracing. I paid a visit to tho course a day or two ago, and wasn surprised at tihe amount of work done theoro during tihe last six weeks or two monthe s,.,r£ ,i g -, ci it does, the es-rgy thrown i o the affair by all concrnol rd, l ig that short time, the course had been neatly fenced where requisite, posts crocted, judge's stand, sheds, saddling paddock (spacious and convenient), and lust, though not least, tihe very unique Grand Stand a structure alike creditable to the Club, the architect, and the contractor. It is 0 built of brick, in a neat and substantial t manner, the centre being the stand pro- . per, and the towers at either end, the i approach theroto by a spacious and com fortable staircase; there are many other departments necessary to such buildings with bar and every convenience, and the ' whole formsl one of the best things of the kind inu the colonies. It will not be filly completed, the time being so short, b'ut it will be ready for all practical purposes, and next year will have many. umprove monte added. The arrangoemosts for, the races are very complete, and although there are always some to grumble; they appear to give general satisfaction, and will no doubt be largely visited shodld the. weather prove favorable.. Thce Italian Opera Company ias met with continued success and each night sees the theatre. crowded in every 'part, forming a brilliant display apart from the porformaisco. Of the oporis themselves, too much cannot be said, for.seldom indoed are so maniy really first-class artistes brought together in one company, and therefore it is easy to understand that the performance of each evnilng is all that can bh desired." ';It would be hard to single out any partioular opera as superior to another, but of course the most generally liked have beeei sdbh as.Pcritani, Trovatoro, and Lombardi the usaio being' light and pleasing' and less stago effect required, always a do sirable feature when the capabilities:.of the theatre are not commensurate with the piece to be performbd.s Tihe Company are now in their last week, and the suc ceas as great as over; thoerojs little doubt, thereforo, ,but"yot' anothor' fortnight's busined ebild ,bio asily done with profit, a prsvilego'w'arne not in·-all probability destined to"i havo at least for another year. '.' SThe Sydney" cricketers' took'thbeir",doe parturo this afternoon for -Sydney'f~'the City of Hloldii: '" During 'their brief stay they appear to haIed madoe ?any friends here, and as a natural cossequence oa ??rg crowd: assem bled pp' theeYlharf ?to wish them bon voyage. As the vessel s$iteped away,any amount pf esoering wa* given both: from :'ni?b' a'nl ste'ai ?r, qcd it is full believed and hoped,that'`;ur vilsors were pleased withi"thbir rosottld', hiid will be able.o speak well of Tasenais and its cricketers.' . . ' '" : Fob. D9.; SurnEsaM ClovTr,Tuesday' was .tie lst'day'of term. .'In tli case Balptie and Ore., J 'c?lrook ai d Oirs., a, decreeo wps m?ado'for'thb divisioiinof a suim of £,80L Is Od between the several parties to the sui, thd' coats. to -be taxed as, between pas'ty'-and -party.' In the 'mattbo of Edlin's: bankcruptoy, an appeal ' front the iLasinceoton .Bankruptoy Court to sot aside' an order made by tho Commis. siener, declaring void a transfer of goods by Edlin to one Hanchott, and ordering the 'goods to be transferred to 'the trus topes in Edlin's bankruptcy, arguments were gone into, but eventually, at the suggestion of the Court, it was decided to re-argue the case either in the vacation or. next term. ~oeE-ltoAL.-BHis Excellency the Governor, on Tuesday, visited the Brick. fields Pauper Establislhment, and was mtuchpleased with the state of the estab. lishmont, and on inspecting the reading room hI said it. would afford him much pleasure to follow the example of his proe decessor, and supply such publications as 'hdd been sent by Mr Du Cane. . The Governor, afterwards visited thie Gaol 'in Camhpboll-stroet. We understand Mr Du Cane and family arrived at London'in the I Northumberland on the 4th instant, after a pleasant voyage of 1' days from Mol. bourno TAsrIAxAN Tune' Cos.-Last evening 'was the time appointed for closing the entries for the ensuing T.T.OC races,'but as thc'entries from Viftoria and Hobart Town, which were sent by telegram, were so very vague, .it :as thought safer to delay it till .tis !morning, when the Via-. torian-entries would be received by mall. BoATaANiaa.-A pace took place: ast 'ev.ning between AMr Charles Webb in a skiff atd the Messrs Stephenson (2). in a gig. Aftor several false starts the skiff started' away with the leadi, which, it maintained until the finish, coming iii ha I easy winner. .The, course' was f?ai.i? g \- Bar round thel One-mile bedacon. : r T,S.N. "CornixY.-The dividend de clared oni Monday:ivis' at the-rate of '8 g per'cont:iwith 6a per share bonuss." Weo s give elsewhere a.report of the half-y;?rly meeting cpitomisoed from the Tr-ibune,,c e r RESIoWATIoxo.-From 'i? pamgrcph in the Ballarat Courier we learn that at t the Wesleyan Conforence recently hold in Victoria, the resignatiqn of the Rev. C;; Ogidvie of Tasmania was accepted. .CiOatcsT BAzAAR.-'Pli is,tjhe last-day for.eending in toeniders for tho privilege of supplying . refreshments at the Cricket Bazaar on the throe days it will be open. . Tenders to be received until noon. 'EETEeroN'OF THE ELEC-RIo TELEORAaPH f WESTWARD.--It is intimateo by the Tele. graph Department that the line to Latrobb rhaving been completed, tihe offcoat that township will be open forbusiness,to-day. S.LENT. -The first Lent lecture was ,a? M$ at St. John's Ciurch last, even. ng ,.-y,-thoe Ven. Archdeacon Brownes. usibject-Christ's warning -to Ihis disci. ples;'" 'Next WVodnesddyieioturo'ewill be given by the Rev. H, O.,Irwin. Tmonow's WONaERS will open at Evan dale to-morrow ovening, and on Saturday there will be porfor mances at 3 and 8 p.m. To appear ix Lauinceston next Thursdayi SCnnsTiA o.Urion.oie ETNaos. - The second meeting of the series for the week of Clhristian Union meetings conducted by ministers of thle. nonconformist do nominations took place on Tuesday even ing at Chalmors Church; tie Rov.J. Lind say, thle pastor,presided. Tho address was given by ti IRv. C. Price, and prayer was bfferedby the I~ovs. MIessrs WV. Law', H. Rtobinson, and nl'yo. The meeting last evening took place at the Wesleynn Church, Patterson-street, tihe Rev. E. VW. Nye presided, and tIhe address was de livered by the Rev. W. Law. MrLsoURNE STEAeMERS.--The s. 'Des-. went is advertised to sail to-morrow'at 4-30 p.m.; thie Melbourne mail will close at 3.30 p.m.The Tamer will leave on Tues. I day at 9a.m. from the Bar. SFRm.--It was reported yesterday that in thie morning a fire had been caused in a wheat paddock belonging to Mr Rouse, adjoining the farm of Mr Gee, at Brendal Sbane, by some sparks from a railway engine. Fortunately the wheat had been removed from thlat part of the paddock; and by thle exertions of the men employed Sby Mr Rouse and MIr Gee the fire was extinguished, but not before it had con. sumed about an acre of stubble. oaosnr TowN Cour.-Tho celebrated horse Dsgworth is scratched for this event .-having, it.is. reported, broken down. WALoUII' LITERARY INTELLIOENUERL. No. 101has come to hand. Among other °-' tnIi '"ban a reprint article from The . P bliherar ,ctlahr, on the Philadel dhian tampering' h articles in Chamuora's Encyclopw'lia. -' - noolua . t?iarftVE."--~VW are re ,quceted lto?L attention to tlhe sale to- ( morrow.? y Mr Hlartnoll, jun., at his I mart D'rk-streoot, of English furnitiure, glaa,'aro, crockery, saddlery, pictures, I pcr.mbulators, horseohair, and fancy nic .S, ox Fugi?ive. ST. Joseae's BAN3 will playin Prince's 'quaro to-morrow (Friday) evening, at half-past six o'clock. COLLAPSE OF A LARGE GnAIN STonE. A sndden collapse of a largeo wheat store I at Port Pirio is thus reported by the S. I A. Register:-On ýaturday morning, the I 23rd January, Mr Horner had occasion lie,'roi'-to-thn store about 0 o'clock, and .''-Jile standing on tie platform hlo heard an ominous cracking, and fooling the building lurching forward, he sprang, away, reached 'terra firma safely, and turned round to see his fine building, 1 containing 4000 or 6000 bags of wheat, come forward bodily two or three foot and than go down in the centre with a 1 tremondone crash. The store, till Measrs Hart and Co.'s was up, was considered the boat built, the strongest, and the S- largest in tihe Port, and now it is a wreck. It was built on numerous and heavy piles about two or three feet out of the ground, and tlie enormous weight seems to have tilted these. Bolts, bars, beams, and piles have, been torn, brokeni, anti split likoe matchwood. Theevr?rik complete, sand an entire rebuilding' must be carried out.' ' Tnas E ONs EY AND TIIE' BOTLE OF SODAWATEn.--A monkey- one of two that have recently been rnnning loose in the vicinity' of Lloyd's stables, HIar greayes-street---is missing. It appears that yioetorday forenoon this monkey, observing one of Bruco's eodawator and lemonade carts standing convenient, dos cended from the roof of an adjoining building, and, in defiance of that clause of, tlie Polic Olbences Statute having reference to potty larceny, nmado off with a bottle of very highlly merated waters. Ascending'again to the ridge of the build ing, Jacko proceeded to nibble off the Swire, and having thus far been successful, was smelling the cork, preliminarily, it is to be presumed, to its extraction, when suddenly there was a tremendous explo sion. Jacko was observed to spring several feet into the air, and upen alight ing he proceeded in the fastest time on record towards Kangaroo Flat. Where there hitherto were two monkeys there is noiw only one, and as soon as the sur. tvivor, whohad closely watched the pro ceedings, ,observes a sodawater cart he snakes tracks.--Bendigo Advtrtisor, Jan. 20. fH.M.S. "Pri?a" 'AT PoTLraAND.-Tho =H.M.S. Pearl,' Comnmander Goodenoughi. (says, tine amiltont Spectator) was the senasatlon' of the,' week at Portland, and besido the usual interchange of courtesies b.?woeon her gallant officers and a the' t peopl'e, it wans great fun to see the 5'prssran of Jack ashore The jolly tars ;of' ~i1d, England are known all over thel r,.wirld for their attachment to equestrian ":exercee, and every horse in the place S.was engaged to give full.force to this pro . dilootion.: Fancy a horse hired I by the day at a livery stable, having to' carry three sailors at a time, and one tuiinmling offovery now and then to ths cry of. "t Man'overboardl" 'The sailors took it for granted that every animal with a leg z#" e lopod in some of hisa horses that had mover before beon known to go over the sticks. Sailors too have good appetites. SThe oPearl's crow of 250, or so, ate up every loaf of bread in the' town, and sorely taxed the resources of other pur veyors. Good for trade this, and I fancy the Portlanders would not object to see " 'Pearl once a fortnight, or porhsi 'oftener.. The local boatmen are cival, obliging follows in their way, placing their craft at the disposal of pooplb doe siring t'senjoy a sail, and not being par titular as to remuneration. They appear to enjoy tolerably good easy, tmes, not killing ,themselves with over work, and occasionally making some good hnuls. : ,,,. OrPP Agosas?nAS r ":True PERsoN 'AND '.AGAINScTrLoTrnt-eo.-TThe N. Z. Berald "observes:-Themusual penalties inflicted at the Police. Court in such cases are.-To destroying a policeman's jumper, 55s ; to jnmping on his body, anti injuring him for Iife, 20s and a "severe caution." COMMITrrr~A OF Ai' aIEDnOAt MANe. iOR CONTnMPT.--Tho Gn?iO dg A'giu., states that Dr. Bennett wase recently sentenced to24 hours' imprisonment by Dr. Ewing. ton, coroner, for alleged contempt) of . ourt, while he (Dr. E.) was presiding at ' a magisterial enquiry, which contempt vi: consisted in Dr.' Bennett] looking at hIin I that "', a ta.might look at a kin'g, ' We were always -undar the iinpressioe ) but it seems that coroners of the Ewing ton and Candler species, cannot endure p look or a remonstrance even of the mildeot kind from a medico. A' WONE ?uRFUL CnEsn.--During a "poridl of nearly twenty-five years one medicinal stimulant has exclusively oe joyed the confidence of the most e perenced physicians on this side of the Atlant. o-d as from the time of its introduction, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiodam Aromatic Schanajps takes the load df every other tonie and diuretic in thb estimation of the public and of- scientific men. Its purity, its agreeable flavor, its invigorating eflect upon the digestive organs, its extraordinary eflicacy in dis eases of the kidneys, the rapidity wtthwhich it restores the strength of the debilitated, sand its soothing influence in nervous diseases, have deservedly rendered it thei most popular preparation of its kind in thids or any other country.-(Advt.) 