The Daintree. I WRITE this trusting it will find you some time during 1875, as all letters and papers from the south have as yet failed to reach us, though I believe they are lying in Cooktown. There are police here, but without black trackers or a boat to cruise about the river, and surrounded by dense scrub, in which to travel at all you must provide yourself with a long-bladed knife to cut a track, we have not seen a single black as yet though we keep watch at night The Daintree has come a good bit short of my expectations (and I don't stand alone in this matter), quite different to what was represented down south. Cedar is not so abundant here as it is generally believed to be; it is very much scattered. There is a good bit of cedar felled, but bullocks are required to bring it to the river. They have found that hand-rolling won't pay except the logs are quite close to the bank. The wet weather has now set in, and this is anything but a lively or healthy spot There are very few birds or animals of interest here. I have not come across any curiosities worth saving for you. There are some good butter flies, but I have no means of preserving them. I will drop you a line from time to time. Very likely I shall see you sometimes. (From our Comtemporaries.) Settlement for Aborigines.—Mr. G. F. Bridgman has, we (Mackay Mercury) learn, been requested by the Board that was appointed for the purpose some months since, to commence operations in forming a settlement for the aborigines, on the reserve at Sandy Creek. The sum of £200, voted for the first six months of the present year, is now available for expendi ture, and the work of forming the settlement will begin at once. It is proposed first to erect a small building as a store and dwelling-place, and to employ some of the natives in clearing, fencing and cultivating twenty acres of land for the support of the settlement. No doubt it is highly desirable to prevent the blacks being a nuisance in the district, and if this can be done in the way as above-mentioned the results can hardly fall short of being satisfactory. At any rate, the scheme about to be tried for improving the condition of the aborigines and maing them useful, is one likely to prove advantageous to them, and cannot, we think, fail to meet the approval of all right-minded persons. A most IMPUDENT robbery was perpetrated at the Criterion Hotel, Mackay, on Sunday morning last (says the Mercury of the 13th February), between the hours of one and five. When Mr. Fay retired, after shutting up the house, the cash-box, containing some seventy pounds, of which thirty pounds was in cheques, and the rest in notes and coin, was left under the bar counter. Mr. Fay locked up the bar, and placed the key on a table in his bedroom. It appears that during the night some person must have taken the key, and, opening the bar, abstracted the cash-box with its contents, after wards re-plating the key where he found it. In the morning, when Mr. Fay went into the bar, he could not find the cash-box, nor has any trace of it been seen up to the present time. Not a Stick Left.—Timber is still unobtain able in Bowen (says the Port Denison Times), and much inconvenience is felt in consequence. It is true a small schooner arrived here last month with a cargo, but as it consisted solely of pine planks, and another vessel was expected in a few days with a more useful assortment, the schooner had to take on her cargo to Townsville. The other vessel has not appeared, and there is not a stick to be got. Meanwhile contracts to the amount of at least £2000 cannot be carried on or even begun. THE Government Savings Bank at Charters Towers was opened on the first day of January. The number of depositors up to the 31st of the month was thirty-one, and the amount of the deposits lodged was £691 15s. Lieutenant Connor is surveying a site for a pier at Townsville, but the Townsville youth not appreciating this attention on the part of the Government, have pulled up his pegs and carried away his flag and flagstaff. The action of the Government in regard to the land available for agricultural settlement in this district is (says the Stannun Miner) daily becoming more ambiguous, and much dissatis faction is naturally expressed by the inhabitants. Judging from the tenor of an advertisement in serted in this journal some time ago (and which still continues to appear), inviting persons de sirous of selecting such land to the local office, we, in common with our readers, fully antici pated favorable results long ere this, but, so far have met only with disappointment. In our issue of the 5th instant an advertisement ap peared proclaiming 50 square miles of land, sur rendered by the lessee of the Pikedale run, as available for selection at the Warwick Land Office on and after the 23rd February, which was, however, subsequently withdrawn, and, in to day's issue, appears another announcement to the effect that said land has been withdrawn from selection, and we are left in a greater di lemma than ever. Such action on the part of the Government is, to say the least, both an in justice to the residents of this district and an extremely unwise policy as regards the welfare of the colony. The Peak Downs Telegram sees danger in the Gulf railway project, and thinks it should be postponed for the present It says :—"The old plan of tapping the country by direct lines, running back into the interior, is far preferable to the new idea; and steady progress is better than rash haste. If new works must be hurried on, and Mr. Macalister is to be entrusted with carrying them out, in recognition, perchance, of the brilliant financial success of his former achievements, let the Brisbane line be extended, by way of Roma, in the direction of Charleville, by which a most fertile tract of country on the Warrego and to the westward would be opened —or, if that would not do, say Tambo, and let the Rockhampton line be carried en, vid Cler mont, to the Aramac. The money, would have to be provided partly by loan and partly by the sale of Western lands. Maryborough has already been promised her sop; and the claims of the more northern towns would have to be at tended to." The foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Church was laid in Warwick on the 24th ultimo, by Mrs. W. G. Taylor, wife of the Rev. W. G. Taylor. The lady, in laying the stone, said :— " I pronounce this stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost" A bottle, containing copies of the local papers, a hymn book, current coins of the realm, and a sample of prize wheat was deposited under the stone. The mallet and silver trowel used on the occasion, both beautiful specimens of colonial art, were presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of the sub scribers, by Mr. D. Clarke. At a meeting subsequently held, the Rev. W. G. Taylor read the financial statement, from which it appears that the total amount promised, and otherwise in hand, is £1605 9s. 6d. ; that the cost of the present contract, exclusive of plastering, will amount to £1502 165.; and that the church, when complete, is estimated to cost (including land, fencing, internal fittings, &c.;) about £2000. He strongly urged upon the members the de sirability of opening the church free of debt. It would be a credit to the town, and one which they could be proud of. We (Examiner) under stand that the proceeds of the tea meeting, and money laid on the stone at the foundation cere mony, along with the voluntary • promises of money made in the evening, in connection with which a great amount of spirit was shown by the meeting, will amount to the large sum of between £240 and £250, which speaks very well for the liberality of the Wesleyans of Warwick, especially considering the very large efforts previously made by the members of that church. The body of a man about six feet high, and 90 years of age, was found (says the Dalby Herald) during the present week, about 240 yards from the old track between Warra Wara and Daan dine, and the same distance from the Roma-road, The deceased was dressed in a brown or dark gray tweed coat, vest, and trousers. There were found on his person an English silver hunting watch, No. 50926, five sovereigns, 13s. 6d. in silver, and a lady's opera glass. The body ap peared to have been where it was found for four or five months. No marks of violence could be detected, and it appeared as if deceased had lain down and died. An enquiry was held by the Police Magistrate, but no new facts were elicited. At the enquiry held at Bundaberg into the death of Constable Murphy, whose suicide we reported a few days ago, the wife of deceased deposed that her husband had been round the town on Monday night, and had returned home about a quarter to 11 o'clock ; witness fancied there was something wrong with deceased, as he was in a perspiration, his hands and face were very hot, and he looked very queer; deceased went to bed about 12 o'clock ; immediately after going to bed deceased complained of being very hot, and that he could not sleep ; he then got up and lighted his pipe, after which witness heard him go to a drawer in the next room, and then go out at the back door ; witness heard the door slammed, and she opened the door and called deceased back ; deceased was then going towards the closet; witness turned to go into the house again when she heard a shot fired ; witness then went to the front door, and whilst unlocking it heard a second shot; witness then ran across to Sergeant Scullen's house, and while going heard a third shot; met Sergeant Scullen on the veran dah of his house; the sergeant ran down to the closet, and witness followed him ; when witness and Sergeant Scullen went into the closet, they found the deceased in a bent position and making a gurgling noise ; the blood was flowing from his head ; deceased was not sensible ; Ser geant Scullen went for Mr. Coffey, and witness remained with deceased until his return ; wit ness endeavored to stanch the wound with her night-dress; Sergeant Scullen and Mr. Coffey carried deceased from the closet and laid him on the back verandah, and attended to him, with other assistance, until he died; deceased lived for about two hours after witness heard the first shot; witness believed that deceased had shot himself ; thought the deceased was out of his mind for some time back ; deceased's brother had died insane; witness was married to de ceased in Gympie on the 6th day of January last. The Wide Bay News reports, as follows, the drowning of a man named Carter :—" Pine and cedar logs from the upper part of the river were coming down the river in great numbers, and several parties of men near the town were busily engaged in catching as many of them as possible. A man named Charles Carter was, with two others, in a boat, engaged in this dangerous occupation, and he was driving a timber-dog into a log they had captured and on which he had foolishly clam bered ; as he was bringing down the axe in his hand with full force, to strike a blow, the log slipped aside, and the poor fellow, losing bis balance, fell overboard. The force with which he was bringing down the axe, added to the im petus of his plunge as he went into the water axe in hand. He never appeared again above the surface, and of course no attempt could be made to rescue him. He was probably taken by an undercurrent and hurried along beneath the surface ; so far, at all events, his body has not been found. The poor fellow was a stranger here, and as far as we can learn, nothing is known of his connections, if he has any in the colony." The Pine Mountain correspondent of the Ipswich Observer writes :—" I have heard very disastrous reports from the Upper Brisbane, a great part of the district under crop being entirely submerged. The flood was at its highest about 6 a.m. on Sunday morning, when it began to fall, and has since fallen rapidly. If not quite so high as the flood of 1864, it is higher than any flood since. The weather is still showery, but it is sincerely hoped the heavy rains are over for this season, as they have entirely suspended tlie farmers' operations in preparing the land for winter crops. As no little loss and very great anxiety was felt by the extreme drought—which continued for upwards of five months of the best growing season of the year—it is very hard indeed that the poor farmers should suffer further loss and anxiety by the opposite extreme. I have heard of a Squatters' Relief Bill, but if there is a class of colonists more deserving and more needful of special legislation than another, it is the hard-working, hard- faring, and indus trious farmers." A Catholic church was opened at Cooktown on February 21, by the Rev. Mr. McGuinness. Dr. Thumas Fotheringham was found dead in his bed at Townsville, on the morning of the 19th February. At an enquiry subsequently held, Drs. Roche and Frost certified that death was produced by natural causes. 