News and Notes from Melbourne. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) November 29. THE system of penal discipline has changed much since the days of "His Natural Life." It has been asserted by many people that we err on the side of leniency, and that to be a convict is rather a pleasant thing. A man baring six months to spend in gaol can doubtless not only reflect upon his past misdeeds, but cultivate an enforced abstinence from colonial beer, which will send him back to Little Bourke- street with a renovated liver. The convict Weechurcb, now under .sentence of death for a murderous assault, does not take this extreme view. He asserts that he has been so unjustly treated that he must needs murder an unoffending man—not for the purpose of being hanged out of the way, as did the really desperate men of Port Arthur and Norfolk Island, but for the purpose of ob taining an opportunity to accuse his gaolers. The fact is that the discipline of Pentridge, in stead of being too severe, is not severe enough. The reaction consequent upon the discovery of the extreme brutality of the old system, the working of which is literally shown in the novel now publishing in your columns— made our rulers lean to sentimentality rather than to harshness. I have been all over Pent ridge, and can confidently assert that if a pri soner conducts himself with propriety, his life is by no means unendurable. That it is not a pleasant one must be admitted, but then, men do not go to gaol to enjoy themselves. As for Weechurch himself, my impression is that he is insane. 1 saw him a few weeks ago—a gentle man from Queensland, by the way, was with me —and he was by no means in bad case. A clean cell, a good bed, enough to eat, books to read— amusing books, too—pencil and paper, and just enough exercise to keep him in health. It is true that, between his visitors and bimnelf was a barred iron gate, but then he had proved its use by frequent attacks upon hia gaolers, when no such impediment to the free exercise of his luna cies presented itself. The occasion of my visit was a semi-official one, and Weechurch poured out an incoherent story of his wrongs to a compassionate or curious listener among the party. For myself, I was principally concerned at hearing Mr. Weechurch state that he had not been "properly reported" for the damage done by burning a certain carpenters' shop. "It cost the Government more like £5000 than £500 !" was his triumphant cry. It is a question whether the man, if treated medi cally, might not recover. It is certain that if he remains in Pentridge, under the same discipline, he will make another attempt to murder, and perhaps succeed. Many people, however, argue that hanging is less expensive a mode of dis posing of a dangerous criminal lunatic than con finement for life in a lunatic asylum, and that it is also more certain. lam not indisposed to agree with them. One of the witnesses called by Weechurch to testify to the brutality of the warders was Scott, aliat Captain Moonlight. This gentleman robbed a bank at EgertoD, for which crime one of the bank officials was for some time under suspicion and surveillance. He is a bold determined scoundrel, and haa been detected in making the barrel of a pistol while working in the blacksmith's shop. Another witness named O'Day is a relic of old times, having pawed several years in the old Collingwood Stockade. He has threatened to murder Mr. England, a Catholic chaplain attending the prisoners, and is at present under sentence of rolitary confinement for stabbing an overseer in the eye. Yesterday an attempt was made to get up a demonstration in the Koyal Park in favor of a commutation of the death sentence parsed on Weechurch, but it was very indifferently at tended, and the audience principally thai* of the vagabond class. A Mr. Clow presided, and it was. resolved to present a petition to the Executive. The "Weeohuroh business," as men call it, has almost opened up the penal discipline question. If it lead to the admission of reporters to the sittings of the visiting jus tices, I think that all needful reforms, will have been accomplished. You remember some time ago that I com mented upon the curious proceedings of some of the local justiqea of the peace. The vagaries of those gentlemen have at last aroused the ire of the Government, and "enquiries" are being made. Mr. Barnett, the J.P. who gets drunk and abuses ladies, has been " allowed to resign," and a justice at Wangaratta has been " called upon for an explanation " of " insulting conduct" — Quit exutodiet euttoda t There is quite a fluttering in the justices' dove- oot, and Shallow is in a parlous state. Scarlet fever is flourishing, several new cases having been reported. Notice has been given of the Public Health Act Amendment Bill, and this measure provides for the abolition of cess pits. Landlords, of course, are in great alarm, and meet each other at the corners of streets, wagging their heads and prophesying ruin. It is certainly hard that a man should not be allowed to poison his neighbors when they don't object Apropos of diseases, I may refer to hospitals. The Alfred Hospital folks were thinking of a "calico ball," but the originator of the project was informed that "in view of the existing depression"—in business, I presume—"it was doubtful if the speculation would be a pecuniary success." The fact is that those shopkeepers and their wives constitute our high society, and have spent all their spare pocket-money at the races. The victory of Wollomai has put the book makers into a fidget. £30,000 changed hands over Captain Cleeland's gallant nag. When an honest man's honest horse, honestly run, wins a Melbourne Cup, good-bye to the palmy-times of the Ring and the Book. Mr. Mason—by-the-way, did I mention about his quarrel in my last!— has paid up. The V. R. C. decided against him, and he at onoe forwarded the money. It is to be regretted that he did not, at the same ture, repeat his original statement concerning his ignorance of the bet However, the scandal has died out now, and we are talking of something else. If I were to sorape my grandmother to death with oyster sheik, and be discovered, the public would forget all about it in a week. What we are occupied in gaping at, just now, is the story of the German immigrants. We had two or three pleasant days last week, over the London correspondent of the Argut, Mr. David Blair, and Mr. Marcus Clarke, concerning one James Weathercock, or T. W. Wainwright, Esq., a poisoner. Mr. Clarke corrected the Lon don correspondent on Tuesday, Mr. Blair cor rected Mr. Clarke on Wednesday, Mr. Clarke replies on Thursday, somebody else fires hit-or miss on Friday, and so on. It was very enter taining, not to say instructive, for Wainwright was the inventor of strychnine as a means of succeeding to property. But to our Germans. No more romantic story—not even that of John Renton (whose portrait as sitting fishing for sharks with his big toe does as much credit to the imagination of the artist of the Skdcher as to that of the writer in the QueenslancUr)—hat ap peared in print since the days of the Eureka Stockade. A few days ago appears a paragraph in an up-country paper that a whole colony of German immigrants were starving near Benalla. The police and the reporters proceed thither, and find, at Cooked-hat Creek, a collection of huts containing some folks dying of scurvy and a prophetess. Explanation being had, it was discovered that, just before the outbreak of the Franoo-Prussian war, there had lived in the village of Hainau, in Silesia, a woman named Maria Heller, who prophesied concerning that calamity. In 1874, she further said that a tre mendous revolution was about to take place, and that the only safe place would be Australia. Sixty-four of the unhappy villagers cast in their lot with hers, clubbed their money, and made tracks for the promised land. If Miss Heller had been Moses she could not have brought them into Canaan by a more circuitous route. First they went to Hamburg, and thence to Lon don, whence the Somersetshire conveyed them to Melbourne. A Silosian, one Berndt, had some laad at Benalla, and to Benalla went the party by waggon t Their cumbrous household furniture was packed in vans, and, after unheard-of tribulations they reached their 'destination. Among them they took up 800 acres, and, having spent what money they had left in purchasing rations, soon began to starve. Poor Berndt paid £60 for the freight and charges on their luggage, and supplied them with food as long as he could. When the prophetess, how ever, desired her flock not to work, Berndt de clined to further interfere, and withdrew his protection. The police supplied their wants and medical attendance was ordered for the sick. The woman, Heller, is described as being hideously ugly, given to hysterical fits, and prone to poly andry, having several husbands among her disci ples. She once received a message in her sleep that a young man named Messingbrod was to marry her. Messingbrod did so, and soon after she had another vision of one Schultz, and he at present is her chosen mate. The following statement was made by this charming woman's stepfather to the- Argut' reporter :— "My name is Carl Scholtze ; I am fifty-Bix years of age ; I consider myself the stepfather of Maria Heller ; she is thirty-three years of age ; I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead ; I have known her about five years ; 1 knew her at Jhordanton, near Hainau, in Silesia ; she has not always had these fits ; she is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits ; I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven ; I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as ia mentioned in the Bible; the spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities—but what were we to do ? We can not speak English; the notices of the first three deaths wen Mot to the police through Carl Berndt; we alao sent him the other fire notices, but he refused to send them on; Maria does not interfere in cases of siokneu; We could not send for a doctor because we had no money ; no doctor would come all this distance without payment; we have not much food; I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died bo soon ; I do not know how often Maria has these trances ; she had one last night; Ido not know whether she received any message from heaven ; we left Silesia to come here because we were commanded to do so by the Almighty." It is clear that the age of the Credulity of Man is not yet passed. A prophetess is bad enough, but an ugly one ia abominable. 