TOWN TALK ON SPIRITISM. (Evening Arcwxj. ! It' the popular series of "Town Talk " which hns so long (with reasonable intervals for refreshment) charmed and edified the town, should como to a Budden £tind summary close, let the gcntlo public, if it cannot bo grieved, | bo not surprised. Wo huvo incurred, it seeins, the serious displeasure of- tho. local 1 spiritists,'and may bo in some" danger, for aught wo know, with tho aid of their spirit-friends ' I'olhor side of Jordan,' of being spirited away to that'debatonble land ' where at least it is not debatoable that;anything-bo' sonsihle us ' Town Talk' would have rather u rough time of it. Our sugges tion, like many other of our woll-mearit winks to stone-blind horses, that our spiritual friends might spend an even ing to advantage with that honest humbug, tho Fakir of Oolu, has not wo are sorry to say, beou reeoived in the saroo friendly spirit in which it was given. A rather savage commu nication from a 'Truo Believer, not Bnquiror,' who, by the way, should attend the next Spelling Bee, assuros us that in making- so ' pui;ilo (sic) a suggestion' wo were simply 'mocking in an idle spirit at matters too high for us,' and that on the excellent authority of Mr, Robert Dalp Owen, 'the world is'uow as it was nineteen centuries ago, cin the eve of a now religious era', to be horalded by the recurrence of similar mystorious occurrences. So fur as tho spirit possessing us being an 'idle spirit' is concerned, it certainly, required. no spirit of any kind to tell ;u$i that. But really, this comparison of spiritual phonometia, tho blood-writing on tho arm of Mr. Poster, tho Daven port Brothers' well-known tricks, or tho later ' manifestations' of Miss Katie King, with the miracles (of, the-New, Testament, is coming it rather strong. Our correspondent tells us that he has '■more, than ones seen; spirits, i which• we ilon'fc doubt in the least. In tact, wo believe that he must have 1 Been spirits' a good many times within at least twelve hours of his curious opistlo to us. Ho is great in instances of a similar character from the published experiences of Mr. Owen, after which one is less surprised than over that that eminent man lias' lately gone mad; One story , is • that /being in company with a lady much esteemed in Boston as a teacher of singing and dancing, and with several mediums, Mr. Owen saw a female figurb draped in white and shining raiment, walk into a room and;then walk out agaiu, while the lOthers ipresent 'saw nothing> and ho -adds,' apropos of our friend the Fakir, that 'Mr. Owen's faith" in the reality of his appearance was not at all shaken by reflecting'that a Signor Blitz or Robert Boudin could, with proper ap pliances, havo produced something like what he witnessed. 'Well, what is one to say to such stories as these ? That they prove ingenious impositions, or insane delusions, or downright lying, or practical jokiug, or real ap. pearances of some kind. Not having been so. fortunate as Mr. Owen and his ardent disciple in actual experience wo cannot say, but it is quite clear that if matters go on at this rato wo may shortly expect to find ghosts as plentiful at the corners of our streets as larrikins, and employed about as usefully. The only one thing certain is that the doctrines proached by the spirits seein to bo singularly vague, and that the spirits seem to know no more, but rather less, about anything that we do ourselves. It is uofcvery consoling' or edifying a belief that after death a commonplace Briton will be a commonplace Briton still, or thatihe true solution of the ' great mystery' is that the next world is, even in a larger degroo than the present one, a world ol tools. Bolieving as we do that the medium is a more or loss clever; im postor, wo can easily understand why the spiritual rovolations .made should bo as vulgar and prosaic as the minds of their makers. Bat on. the opposite theory it is certainly surprising that people should come from the dead and yet should be able to bring us no in spiring news, 110 hint of ' . ' An ampler ether, and diviner air . . in those ! Fields invested with purpureal gleams—— even to pieach no new doctrine to doubt-troubled huraauity ; ; but at tho utmost only to cut capers in tho air on musical instruments, or sit in a chair iu tho costume of the period aud make faces and talk nonsense. 