THE TURF IN VICTORIA. I BY NKMO. IN order to be able to attend the Ballarat meeting, I left Sydney in the Yon Yangs on the 9th. During the first part of the trip head winds prevailed, but after passing Cape Howe, strong easterly gales set in, canning your humble servant to perform the "grand balancing act, with variations, until overcome by the powers of Neptune I sought repose below. Portion of the foreyard was carried away, but the boat behaved well, and as she tossed and rolled about and rode over the waves, the passengers had reason to be grateful to Captain Smith, who was the first to introduce into the colonies the system of having the saloon amidships. When going through "The Rip," the sight was really grand, and I was almost sorry when we reached Sandridge at about 3 o'clock on Monday morning. Having taken up quarters at Mr. (Goyder's comfortable hotel, I commenced my usual rounds, but up to the present have found out little, for the work done at Flemington in the mornings is not worth recording, owing in a great degree to the rain having made the training ground in a wretched state. However, next week trainers who wish to have their horses fit must send them along, and then I hope to forward you some information worth having. Touring in New South Wales and in Victoria are two very different things, for on our side must ? "is "?" a-.; >""">!"> miss, out on our side most of the horses are trained at Randwick, whilst here they are spread about at Flemington, Ballarat, Geelong, St. Albans, Williamstown, Kyneton, Castlemaine, Kensington Park, and other places, and it is therefore very hard to get a line. Amongst those that are being put through the mill at Flemington are Dagworth, Mozart, Sovereign, Coy, The Barb, Florence, filly Wnkonl (late Highlander), Silence, Farcenux, Torrock, Troy, Fraternity, the Fly colt, Chrysolite colt, Seagull filly," Stockbridge, Prodigious, Doubtful, Mountain Deer, Herod, Little Dick, Spoeohless, Paper, Southern Cross, Comet, Latona, Marengo, Peerless; the Tttenioninns, Bischoff and Calstock ; Miss Hamilton, Dilke, Tom Tug, AVollomni, Sultan, Aldinga, Ella, Jupiter, Alpha filly, Spark, Bachelor, Protos, Don Giovanni, Bonn mag, Kct'llctlmm, Bnrnmiu, Etoile du Matin, Calumny, Connaught, Goldsbrough, Melbourne, Loquacity, Wrangler, Frivolity, Pi oto Martyr, Emulation, Envoy, Jessica colt, Jcssien filly, Aruma colt, King of Diamonds, Batted, Goshawk, Florence colt, Cyclops, Lena, Cainbil, Cronstadt, Knollingly, Pioneer, Alemnon, Coquette, Soakale, Cloolite, AVclshmnn. Polidori, Ralph Leigh, Partisan, AVenbcrrimnn, Dante, Canterbury Painter, The Diver, Snuiitcrer, Improver, Postboy, Bullion, Mottcston, Kingfisher, the Carnation colt, Grace Rosebery My John, Gentility, Caiuellin, Eversley, Bumblofoot, Loucippo, Electric, and the Peter Wilkins colt. Richmond, Sir William Don, and the rest of Mr. Jellett's string are at Castlemaine, where the colt is said to be doing very satis- factory work. Maid of All Work, Mary Gladstone, Rattler, Break of Day, Gaslight filly, Noots'fiold, Sunlight, the H I'uthcrbell colt by Tarragon, and probably the mysterious Burwood, are in Mr. Wilson's hands at St. Albans, near Geelong, and the public are now, and will continue to be in complete ignorance as to their doings. It is not yet known where Imperials Benjiroo, the Sylvia and the Sour Grapes colts will be trained, but, since their arrival, they have done sente quiet exercise on the Kensington Park course. I saw Mr. Tait's string and Calumny on Saturday. They are located at the Laurel, about two miles from town, and are in excellent buckle, especially Connaught and Goldsbrough. Melbourne although in great heart is hardly as forward as the others, but Mr. Tait knows his constitution so well that there will be no fear of his making a mistake with him. The painstaking Harry Lewis has Calumny, who is rapidly returning to her true form, and is likely to run forward in more than one of the big events of the season. Kingfisher has not yet been asked to do any fast work, but Othello, when attempting to come home smartly with the Carnation colt, who, by the way, has lots of pace, un- ' Fortunately slipped up and 60 strained his stifle that he could hardly walk home. ' Most of the Metropolitan division left for Ballarat on Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning, but the races were not well attended, and the meeting was hardly a success, though it deserved to be. There are many reasons to assign for the decline of the turf in Ballarat, not the least of which is the distance that the course is from town A seven miles drive through dust or rain, even though sitting behind such capital roadsters as are to be found in the Western district, is hardly a pleasant ordeal, and the charges made by the owners of the handsome waggonettes are so excessive that the poorer classes cannot afford to attend the threatened rain cleared off before we left town, and by the time we reached the most beautiful course in the colonies, the weather was all that could be desired The meeting was ably) managed, and Mr E C Moore was as hospitable as usual, and I have to record my thanks to him for his kind ness to me as your representative The curtain rose upon the Hurdle Race, and Robin and Pilot were the most fancied of the eight starters Pilot soon came to grief, and Robin baulking at the far side of the course. Welshman, Tau-v, Miall, and Tramp were left to fight it out, and Parry, having more pace than the others, won a pretty good race from Welshman Stmngor, who, it will be remembered, showed such an amount of foot when working with Richmond at Randwick, was a decided favourite for the Telegraph Stakes, but, after apparently having the TUCO at his mercy at the distance, he finished in the most slovenly manner, and allowed the Dare to come on the inside, and win cleverly, while Deed beat the favourite for the empty Second honours Great burpnsowaH evinced at the defeat of Stranger, but it is only fair to state that his trainer attributed it to his putting his shoulder out The night before the race Battler was a great favourite in Melbourne, but at the seat of war the common-looking son of Lady Kirk, and Native Black, was not in nearly such demand as Southern Cross, who finds all her own running and won easily from Rattler, who came home the last quarter of a mile at a great bat He is decidedly better than he looks, but is not nearly class enough for a Melbourne Cup. Southern Cross is quite another sort of animal, and I doubt not but that her owner regrets having been in such a burn to draw the pen through her name, for, with only 6st 2lbs 'in the saddle, she must have been particularly dangerous The Corinthian Steoplccbnso gave us another instance of the pluck and skill of our colonial gentlemen riders, and Mr M Pender on Dutchman won an exciting race from old Babbler 'The Doctor came down at the last fence, when looking like a winner, and Mr W Pender had his collar-bone broken Had Puitnci had an artist * in the saddle he could not have lost, but he parted with his rider after negotiating the palings and thus his light was completely put out the great battle he is right on the following day with Sheet Anchor and Hop man in the Big Steeplechase proves him to boat crew! horse The Trotting Race was a most uninteresting and an, and Miss Champions won as she chose from Polly and two others The steady rain that fell during the forenoon of the second day greatly interfered with the attendance But those who were present were lucky, as the rain ceased before the first race and did not come on again until after the last race was inn Only three went to the post for the Selling Hurdle Race, and Asuiodeui won in something like a walk She gift made a great show of his three opponents in the Fly mg Stakes, and afterwards won the Bowen Handicap, hands down it, from a field of half a-dozen Notwithstanding her 7 lb. penalties, Southern Cross had no trouble in pulling off the Ballarat Handicap, and thus secured the double for Mr Lang The Steeplechase was a great race between Sheet Anchor, Hon/on, and Partner, and bad ICoruon stood up he could not have lost, but Chiffncy brought him too fast at the last fence, and he got close under it before a demand came to grass, as a consequence The feature that struck me most MHB the liberality with which the jockeys used their whips when without the ghost of a chance of winning the practice is a bad as well as a cruel one, and a clever rider who understands his business never falls into the error, well knowing that more races have been lost by w bipB than have over been won by them I have reason to be satisfied with the tips I sent you by telegram, UB I hool two winners and a second out of four attempts. If the weather, which at present is rather unsettled", proves fine, a great deal of important work is sure to be done next week, and I shall send a full account of it in my next to the Sydney Mail The Diver and Bullion arc a a little queer , Canterbury and Painter are somewhat on the far side and Goldsbrough, KingFisher, Coy, Sovereign, Saunterer, Loquacity, Dante, Dilke, Wollomai, and Imperial appear to be the most forward , whilst good accounts are to hand concerning Nimrod, The Huok,.EJchinond, NH Mr. WÚW. lot. 