EXTRAORDINARY CASE AT SWAN HILL. The following report of a ease heard at the Court-house, Swan Hill, has been furnished by a correspondent :— At the Court House, Swan Hill, on Tuesday, before Justices Ossifer, Bush, and M'Gregor, J osiali Pudding was placed in the dock, charged witli allowing ghosts to frequent the Pound yard, at Swan Ilill, on the night of Sunday, the 2nd instant, to the terror of Her Majesty's pubjects. Tho first witness called was Jakes Stomes, who being sworn, deposed that on the night in question, returning from his camp, which was Hooded out, he felt very dry, and while passing the Pound, went in for a glass of whiskey, in duced by the distinct appearance of spirits, but for some unaccountable reason, he only struck his head against the fence and remembers no more. J**n M***p**c*, says his little boy assured him that he certainly saw a ghost as he came by, and crawled as fast as ho could into Swan Hill to get a horse to run away on, ho was so fright ened. J*h* W*s*, says he never walked so straight in his life before, as when lie saw the ghost on Sunday night: had been to church in the morn ing, and heard all about tho devil, but didn't expect to see him so soon : would never go to church again. W. C. ll****n, says he never keeps any but the best drinks, and thinks it serves people right if they will be misled by any bad spirits they may come across. W*****in *00*, said he was over sixty, and I the oldest councillor in the shire : was in fact, a Siamese twin, his brother being also a councillor: that they would inquire into the matter. Never knew any so pernicious as the spirits alluded to. From his experience, believed spirits induced a man to lie down and not bolt away. Here, Mr. Justice Ossifer interposed, and Baid that, he never believed in any spirits, and that if tho witness, Stomes, had only remained in his flooded camp, he wouldn't have been dry. Mr. Pudding, tho Pound-keeper, in reply to a question from the Court, explained :— That he could call the Shire engineer to provo that a certain sum was expended by the Shire some time ago, for repairing the Pound Yard, and that except in that instance, and for his nominal salary and pound forms and stamps, and stationery, the Shire had been put to no expense or trouble, as 110 cattle were ever impounded at all, as he, the Pound-keeper owned all the stock at Swan Hill, and had plenty of pasturage for it in his paddocks and on the township and uncul tured lands. That he had done all he could to keep everything out of the Pound, as he had always sent in his returns, and he would, in the event of a conviction, be further liable to a pro secution for perjury, as ho had sworn there was never the ghost of sheep or cattle in the yards. Mr. Justice *00* : Do you find the office of Pound-keeper, pays ? Defendant: Yes, your honor, at present, but when I find it doesn't, I'll ask the Council to increase my screw. Mr. Justice M'Gregor : I question very much if ghosts, i.e., amimc pcnnnpuluriles, really exist. By the Court : Let the case stand over till Tuesday next, to consider the point raised. Justice Ossifer seemed inclined to throw cold water over this as well as every other proposal, but the defendant was bound over in his own recognisances of one pound to appear on Tuesday next. A New Preventative for Stock Stealing. —It has been reserved for our Tumnt contem porary (states the IVagga Wagga JSxpresx,) to find a solution of the stock stealing difficulty, and it is only due to the Times to say that it deals with the subject in a manner that would make the heart of Cordius indeed envious—so sharp-eyed is it that it cuts the knot by looking at it. After alluding to the inoperativeness of the local Stock Stealing Prevention Association, it suggests the following remedy :—" Offer a handsome rewarl for such info/mation as will lead to the con iction of persons stealing cattle from anyone, whether members of the associa tion or not." Would tho Times compel present members to continue on tho list i If somo such arbitrary proceeding were adopted, thero would soon be no " association''. The Bates' Children*.—The Father Dalton and Bates children affair has had a new element imported into it. On Friday (states the Artju,) James Bates, the father, was arrested at Brighton, by Constable Shanahan, on a charge of having deserted his children. Tiie New Duties.—The Argus states tho new duties proposed by tho late Treasurer, Mr. Service, have been ooliected at the Custom house since the date of the delivery of the Bud get, under the authority of a resolution of the Assembly, authorising the Commissioner of Customs to take the necessary steps for the pro tection of the revenue. _ The new Ministry, being opposed to the financial proposals of the late Government, will not continue to collect these additional duties, and will at once revert to the old tariff. The duties already paid will be re turned as soon as possible. The Williamsons.—Tho farewell season of the Williamsons has proved an undoubted suc cess, and the popularity of " Struck Oil" appears 111110 way abated. Tho Opera-house on Satur day evening was literally crammed. The Japanese commissioners wore amongst the visitors. '' Struck Oil'' was repreated on Mon day night, and will be playsd to-night, and will be replaced by the " Colleen Bawn."—Arqits. The Cerberus.—The turret ship Cerberus, which was responsible for the alleged earthquake of Thursday evening last, returned to her moor-, ings in Hobson's Bay on Saturday aftornoon, and arriving at the Heads the same evening. On Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday she was engaged ill practice, and left the Quarantine station a little before eight p.m. on Saturday, coming up the South Channel, and arriving at her moorings shortly after midday. The Case of Ah Cat.—A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Saturday after noon, at two p.m. The case of Ah Cat, the Chinese, condemned to death for the murder of Renzelman, at Bet Bet, was re-considered. The petitions forwarded to His Excellency, praying that he would again review the circumstances of the case, were carefully examined. But no new fact was adduced as a reason for reserving the decision previously announced. The protesta- tions of the jury were reiterated, but the stubborn facts remained unmoved, viz., that the con- demned man was found by deceased in company with Mrs. Renzelman, for an illicit purpose, and that Ah Cat did more than was necessary to protect himself from Renzelman's attack on him. He murdered Renzelman, and his body, and the law will take its course. A Remarkable Promotion.—The M. A. Mail states that on Thursday a Mr. McCarthy, a laboring miner, took his seat on the Chewton bench, and adjudicated. This is the first inti- mation the public had of his elevation to the magistracy. It is supposed that the letter con- ferring the appointment of a J. P. on a Mr. McCarthy has been delivered to the wrong man. It should have been addressed to "Metcalfe," not "Chewton." 