MR. PARKES'S POLITICAL PAWN BROKER. ... - — flf It lias long been a subject of popular conjecture whether Mr. Parkes is such a very great and good man as he claims to be. As he starred the provinces last win ter he never lost an opportunity of remind ing his hearers that every great measure which had shed a blessing on the land, that every great good— the action of the elements excepted — for which the people mi orb t; +,r» Yto -KhnnV-fnl moo mninl» ,1.,~ j-~ tho foresight, and self-denial, and honour, and honesty, and politicel sagacity of Mr. Parkes. When our great man spoke at the Victoria Theatre his ' character was before them all, plain and unmis takable, and let any man if he could point out a single dishonourable action' of which he had been guilty. Now, setting aside the selfish egotism which cannot co exist with true greatness, let us try Mr. Parkes's claims by his conduct when placed under rather trying circumstances at Mudgee three years ago. The tale, if not a pleasant one to Catholics, will be in structive. Our readers will remember that some years ago Mr. Parkes became insolvent, and resigned his seat, possibly in conse quence of considerable pressure being brought to bear on him, both in the House and in the columns of the Sydney Morning Herald. When he had re covered a legally solvent but rather im pecunious position, he was naturally anxious to re-enter the political arena. An oppor tunity soon presented itself. Mr. Henry Stephen resigned his seal; for Mudgee. But 'great difficulties appeared in the way, which we wish our readers to bear in mind. Mr. O'Connor was already in the field. A large proportion of the diggers were Catholic, and were not to be hood winked as easily as the Catholics in a cer tain other constituency. The Anglicans as a body were not devoted to him ; the Orangemen distrusted him. To add to difficulties which to most men would seem insuperable, Mr. Parkes was certainly not in a position to incur the expense of what might have been a very expensive, and of what ought to have been a very doubtful, contest. In fact, so poor was ibe at that time, that he had to meet the electors under the wing of Mr. Wearne. People wondered at the temerity of a man who could face a constituency in which, apparently, he had hardly a friend, with no resources save Mr. Wearne and those natural ones which never fail him. The two started, and Mr. Parkes was returned; and it is known that he was returned by means of the Orangemen. It is not sur prising that in such cases there should be rumours afloat. It was darkly whispered that Mr. Parkes could only have achieved his triumph by foul means. Several cir cumstances tended to confirm this impres sion. When Mr. Parkes thought he saw that Mr. Forstsr would be asked to form a Ministry it was known that he was in frequent communication' with leading Orangemen at Mudgee. The Orange organs and spouters were loud in their congratulations that at last he would have a Ministry without a Catholic, and especially without Mr. Butler in it. Mr! Wearne, who, be it remembered, took Mr. Parkes to Mudgee, was heard, on more occasions than one, to assure his then friends, that there would be no Catholic in any Ministry in which Mr. Parkes had a seat. Such reports certainly tended to confirm the rumours, but charitable people were ill inclined to believe such a damning tale on mere report. When Mr. Parkes was sent for, and it was known that Mr. Butler was the first man called upon, the rumour gradually died away, until at last it was put into the back shelves of people's memories. But, when some friends fall out, honest , men come by their own. Had not Mr. I Parkes alienated the affections of the Orangemen by touting for the Catholic vote last East Sydney election — had he not fallen out with several of his old friends, we might have gone on believ ing that hoAvever treacherous he might be, there must be some depth of treachery from which even Ms nature would recoil. It has been said that the devil himself is not devoid of some good qualities, and we thought that Mr. Parkes might have had some latent feeling for an old and tried friend. Whether we are right in our sus picions th-at, after all, gthese remours may be true, depends upon the amount of cre dibility to be placed on the statements which Mr. Buchanan and others made iu the House the other night. We will state shortly what was then stated, and leave our readers to judge for themselves. When the friends started together to see if they could gain the confidence of anybody at Mudgee, there lived near the town an old friend of Mr. Wearne's, whose private life might be signified by corn, and whose public life by an Orange. This man possessed such influence over the Orange Lodges that he was regarded as an important man at electioneering times; The friends approached him at once. After a short conference, a treaty is said to have been struck, which easily accounts for Mr. Parkes's return, for the elation of the Orangemen and their subsequent anger, and for the strange rumours that he had secured his return by means of an un precedented piece of treachery. Mr: Buchanan stated in the House that the support of the Orangemen at Mudgee was guaranteed to Mr. ParJces on the condition that he would give a pledge never to take Mr. Butler into any Ministry. By thus selling his old friend behind his back, it seems, he managed to secure his return. Then came Mr. Forster's motion censuring the action of the Martin-Robertson Ministry in the matter of the Border Duties, and the con sequent dissolution. Knowing that in the order of things Mr. Forster would be sent for, Mr. Parkes is said to have written to his political pawnbroker at Mudgee, ask ing if he might take a seat in the Ministry I alongside of Mr. Butler, so long as he (Mr. ParkeH) did not form the Ministry. What answer ho received to this letter is not known, nor is it of much consequence. Mr. Forster failed, and Mr. Parkes him self was sent for. Little did his dupes in the country understand their man. Mr. Parkes was now member for East Sydney, and the Orange vote at Mudgee was no longer necessary to him. They were there fore, thrown overboard ; and the first man he called upon was Mr. Butler. In the debate in which this was brought out, a most characteristic circumstance occurred, which inclines us to think that Messrs. Onslow and Buchanan's statements were based on positive knowledge, and not on mere hearsay. Our readers are probably aware that no one knows the value of documentary evidence as well as Mr. Parkes. While Mr. Buchanan was telling the damning tale, habitues of the house could see that Mr. Parkes's face did not wear as pleasant a visage as long prac tice under similar circumstances generally makes it to wear. But however disturbed he may have been in his mind, however anxious to find some way to escape, he did not then dare to open his mouth. Mr. Onslow rose next, and in the course of his speech stated that Mi\ Buchanan had seen Mr. Parkes's letter giving the pledge. This was a mistake which Mr. Buchanan at once corrected by saying that he had not seen the letter. Now, it was not until after Mr. Buchanan had made this admis sion that Mr. Parkes dared to deny the truth of the charge. Then, with that look of injured innocence of which he is such a dexterous master, he assured the House that the charge was false. Taking our knowledge into consideration, we can not but regard this as a most conclusive piece of evidence. Our readers must decide for themselves which they will believe — Mr. Parkes'.s assertion which no one, not even his friend and fellow sinner, Mr. Wearne, was pre pared to support, or the assertions of Messrs. Buchanan and Onslow, and of several credible witnesses outside the House, supported as they are by a mass of colla teoal evidence/' all of which points to the truth of the tale. If the charge is true* what a curious psychological study Mr» Parkes's character) must be ! Mr. Butler had been for years his firm friend, yet he was willing to sell him in order to buy the Orange vote. He reached power, and once more Mr. Butler was necessary to him; therefore, without the slightest scruple, he sold the Orangemen in their turn. Three years ago at Mudgee there was no such Protestant in the colony as Mr. Parkes. The recollections of the Kiama ghost, and of listening through O'Farrell's keyhole seemed to come o'er him like ' murmurs of the stream.' Once more did he com mand the Protestant vote, and once more did the Protestants pay dearly for their folly. Times changed, and Mr. Parkos changed too. When he came before East Sydney the other day, he wanted the Catholic vote, and — such is human credu lity — he got it. The affection of a man of many loves is not to be trusted. The safest plan is to keep him at arm's length by kicking his pimps out of doors. The man who robs Judas is not a desirable friend for Peter. Catholics would be far safer if they placed confidence in a man whose political career will bear the light of day, even if he is not very profuse in his promises, rather than a man who is faith less to all alike. How Mr, Parkes could have acted with seeming cordiality with Mr. Butler, and have met him daily at the same table as an old friend, after selling him behind his back to the Orange men at Mudgee — how he could have touted among the Catholics at East Syd ney after promising the Orangemen at Mudgee that he would leave the Catholics practically unrepresented in the Govern ment of the country — how he found the face to deny the truth of the charge only after he discovered there was no documentary evidence forthcoming — these are all mys teries of Mr. Parkes's nature which it is impossible for us to fathom. But there they are, unless Mr, Parkes is to be believed. If the Catholics of New South Wales do not take warning, if they again commit the egregious error which they were induced to commit at East Sydney the other day, like Mr, Parkes's former friends, they too will i ^be sold wlicn it suite his conveni ence I!) 