YELLOW ENVELOPES. Hebe we are, altogether, at the Black Monday of the year ! From Christmas to Pi ew Year do the sins of every man arise for judgment and departed feasts taBte bitter on his tongue 3 But it is not undi gested Christmas turkey aud plnm-pud ding that have come to sit heavy on our stomachs and souls, in this last week of the year. It is the ghost of every nnpaid for frolic or bit of fun we have known" as far back as January. They swarm in broad daylight in at the door until the postman's ring hath the sound of a funeral knell. Even to his eye the oblong yellow letters have a lean and hungry look; but what features do they put on for us as we open them with fear and gripinga of soul. Within is wine that has been drunk, flowers that are withered, clothes long ago gone to the rag-man. The murdered dead that rose before Richard in his un comfortable nap were much more agree able visitors, for he at least had had a good deal of satisfaction out of his mur ders ; if he had punched Henry's body full of deadly holes, he had enjoyed his throne ; and if he had smothered Anne, his wife, he had the comfort of knowing that she richly deserved it. But nine tenths of these our departed joys turned out miseries at the very beginning. Here is the exquisite little supper at Delmonico's which we gave to the English novelist, who put it and us in broad caricature in Ins ^ book ; here are the bouquets--and "latsfeels^'We ~£cT A3el<T~(how Mrs* Potts), only to see Potts wear the choicest bud ia his button-hole that night—Dead Sea fruits that were ashes even to the rind 3 The worst of it is that these old follies of ours rise to wrench and torture us just as we are in our most virtuous mood. Christinas generally warms us all up to unknown heats of charity and humanity. We are apt to plan out all kinds of good works and ways with which to set out next year to benefit our fellow men. There are poor Dick's orphans who had such a jolly time in their shabby clothes at our boy's Christmas party. We fully intend to do something for them next year; send Jenny to school—a new suit of clothes for Joe, spring and fall, &c.;, &c.; And there is the cobbler's family round the corner—who would have be lieved a roast of beef would make human beings so happy ? We mean to look into the matter of benevolence more closely ; there is a little surplus in bank which we have no need for; we will give it to our needy brethren—establish a divine kinship with the poorest of God's crea tures. Just then Fate, with a maligin grin, opens the door, and drives in this swarm of dead sins on us, each in his saffron winding-sheet. The feeble fire of charity within us is smothered—dies for sheer want of breadth. The " little surplus" disappears, widens into a gaping void, with not the chance of a greenback to fill it. Dick's orphans must wear their shabby clothes, the cobbler and his brood go beef less, and the rest of our needy brethren stand on the outside of the gate for us. As the yellow shower increases to a flood w,e begin to doubt as to our own supply of beef and trousers for '75 ; with vehe mence we urge '' retrenchment" at break fast every morning; cannot imagine what a family like ours can do with such an absurd quantity of milk ; wonder if copper shoes would stand Tom's wear; go down street haunted by a nameless horror that things may reach such a crisis that our usual brand of cigars will not be possible to us. There is, too, the certainty that each of these ghosts might never have had being, or might have been laid at birth, if we had so chosen. We could have stayed away from a dozen balls and parties, and suffered no damage in brain or body; life would have been possible without that last proof before letter or bit of cracked cloisonne enamel. If there be any com fort in fellowship, we may take it in know ing that from Maine to California these yellow, lean spirits are flying about with a purpose almost as virulent as the horrid winged things that presage a pestilence. In inland towns aud country villages, people who care nothing for ball or Dpera, to whom rare prints and cracked pottery are no temptation, are wretched to-day over the little extravagance of last July, the buggy hired for a half-day's holiday, when they might have dug tur nips, or the lawn dress when a calico would have served. How many a girl, dependent on father and brother, is shed ding hot, salt tears just now over these yearly bills, and each seemsa savage taunt of fate at her own inability! How she racks her stupid little brain to find some way in which she may earn one or two hundred a year ! How many a scrawny, hard-handed housekeeper is poring over the green-grocer's little greasy book, starfc ing at the awful total, and wondering where the potatoes could have been pared closer or the children have been stinted in their sorghum syrups ! Your great debts and large expenditures are enemies to be met gallantly ; but it is when in comes are counted by the penny and the dollar, that the juices and strength are worn out of life. Money has its daily sting, and seems then to bite like an adder and carry depth in its handling. As for the yellow ghosts, how are we to make headway against them ? How can we lay them by December, '75 ? Every body—Le Grand Johns who owes his hundred thousand, and little Jones who is in debt to his grocer an unachievable ten dollars—knows the key to the riddle. It is hard, rough, and disagreeable. The way to suspend debts is to suspend expense. The way not to owe for wines is not to drink them. The way not to owe for a coat ia not to wear it. If we cannot pay for a meal, let us live on bread. If we have not cash for butter, let us eat our bread diy. Let us all sign a round-robin to face the inevitable boldly in every day of '75, from January to Christmas. Then shall we in this last week of the year ariso like the lucky harvester " with re joicing, bringing our full sheaves with us.'' —1 New York Tribune.5 