GENERAL NEWS. "TÍsSuflpl3JtofDéefandthttttan was so scantat the Ballarajt Cdrpäration'vards on Tuesday," August 24,'ïhe CbttrièViîrèrteV'tBàt some of our" butchers combined to send one of their number to the Mel- bourne- eolé-yar* yesterday to procure1 supplies for trds town. Such an event has not happened before for a number ol years. Indeed, Melbourne bas hitherto had toiftunfr here foi nreat, instead of Bal- larat having to go to that market for what it has required in' tills respect,- The canees assigned' foi the scarcity are the comnaeocement of the Shearing season in the north- arra''» 'desire to hold back for higher prices." TIT FOR TAT- An amusing scene in the Police Court in Bendigo on the 25th is described by the Advertiser:-A cabman, named Henry Coffin, charged a brother jehu, named Patrick Fenton, with loitering on the road. The offence was proved, and a fine of 5s, and 2s 6d costs, was iflicted . Immediately fol- lowing the settlement of this, Fenton got into the witness-box and Cofftn took the place of the accused; the former charging the, latter with the very same offence. The, result was that Coffin was mulcted in 5s, and 2s 6d costs, besides having to pay 10s. for the costs of an adverse witness. But the losing game did not end here. Another cabman summoned him for plying for hire out of town. With a rueful face he pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s, with 2a 6d costs. A few minutes after 1 o'clock on Thursday, (says the Evening News) a horse bolted down Park-street, through Hyde Park, with an empty cab. There was a large number of reople in the street at the time men women, and children - and several rushed out threw up their hands, shouted, and took other means to stop the runraway, but without avail, and the ani- mal turned up Castlereagh street, nearly running over some women and children in the street. A young man, whose name we heard was Edward M'Carthy, rushed infront of the runaway, and, to the imminent risk ot his life, caught hold of the reins, and suc- ceeded in stopping tbe horse before, any damage had been done. Soma one in the street was heard to say that " Ned aught to get a £6 note for that." About ten o'clock' Jesterday morning, (says the Evening Netot 'of 'Tifesdáy) as Mr. Charles York's horse and buggy were standing in George-street, nearly upuOBrtfftbe~Chri8T CuiircrT police station, something2-64ghténed-the-notBer and it bolted at a furious pace over the railway bridge and came in violent contact w^th, a vajij the property of Messrs. Biddell Brotne'raV 'After slightly damaging the van by the collision, the horse proceeded with the buggy in its wildfOareer, until it collided with a dog-cm driven by" an bid" man named M'Vee, who resides at Richmond. At this juncture the buggy was much broken, .and.the. horse getting disentangled from its harness and the buggy,, again started off at a smart canter up Parramutta=street to the stablps of its owner on the Glebe-roSdl When the horse bolted fromír¡ícbt»itr.Xork was standing close by its bead. Beyond a severej shaking, M'Vee and the driver of the yap suffered little or no injury. Considering ,the crowded state of the thoroughfare at the time ¡the mishap.bapp^P9,d, ¿t is fortunate that no casualty to limb' and life occurred'. An inquest tooK aplace in. the gaol at Yass, on Saturday (reports the Southern Argus ol August 31), on the body of a mail named Atkins, who had beeu received into-thVgioI from Burrowa. It appears deceased had been suffering from delirium tremens, which waa the actual cause of his death. After hearing the piediç|X .evidence, the jury returned a verdict to that effect. The Southern Argus of Aug. 31 says :-A young man engaged as cook at toe Yass Commercial Hotel sprained his left hand on Saturday night. He was atte'ndei fe by Dr. i'erry, ao~3 although the accident was a most painful one, the relief given bim has enabled ttrevsufferer- to, ¿anew-a, portion qf his duties. As the manufactureof wollens is sometimes spoken of as needing what is called protection, it may be mentioned;thai,! tjgii ïnjlàsiry is' already flourishing in,ttie cqlony_of ¿JeWStouth Wales without any such assistance. For many years we (Goulburn Herald) have had ia ordinary use colonial tweeds, which, in respect to wear, if_nöt to finiçE^ hay» been found superior to any imported, the reason simply being that tbey are all wool instead of being adulterated with cot,tpji;i. and; j9£-)haye¡ just been shown by Messrs, Davies, Alexander, and Co, samples of tweeds from the establishment of Mr. D. V. Hunter, Cower wull Tweed- Factory, Bowenfels, which, for finish and beauty of pattern,' appear quite equal to British manufactures, whi|e the; quality is better, and the price tne sâmer- 'file sime maker is also-turning out blankets and shawls which, being all wool, will necessarily be more, durable than those, imported, though inflnishltljeyajeinot equal. If laqqur were abundant and-cheap, all woollen fabrics would be cheaper here than in Great'Britain. As it is, the additiona^ooatjot labour-appears, to be compensated forby in&sfiWBgi; of 'ireight. of ¿he wool from here to England, and of the manufactured article back rgsin from England to the colony. A' qaQOTÍToaY;-The Tumut correspondent of IhB^GunäagauTmitoii accountable- for'the follow- ing:-"During the past week one chief topic of conversation among local gossips has been the vagaries of I ha. Windowie ghosts ¡Were we, to assert our" disbelief m the_ existence of ghosts in general, and in this one in particular,' we sooufd probably incur the displeasure oft soma reader with spiritual- istic proclivities^ so we for the present refrain, Irom expreisingfan-opiriiottiippn the subject-,, and merely relate thêTacTà'wïïîcn'TiHv'e so come under bur notice, leaving the public to draw their own conclusions. We do,not give credence to all the.maryellouastories current abbot this local apparition;' but it is beyond dispute tirât any number of residents have seen something mysterious, -and~we have been at some pains tct glean the following dggujs.: - Ode. evening lest week a very old resident at Windowie observed a female in white on the flat near his dwelling, and "remarked 'Mrs. R. is late putting up her duckst--Mrs. B. being a neigbboui of his, and the only female, besides those uf his own family, likely-hrbe-there at that time'of night ; but on subsequent inquiry at Mrs. It's place it was found that she had not left the house ull that evening. This incident occasioned bat little comment until the following occurred ^-iLate on the night of Thursday, the 12th instant, the road party at work on the Win- dowie contract had retiredto their hut, and, one of their ntunheiv Mk A., was in the acB of bathing his feet, when his attention was attracted by a slight noise outside. He called to C, one of his mates, to run oa> tq the- dray and see, if somer one was not stealing the. trámese, uc went outside, but quickly returned, pallid of aspect,.and with beads of sweat upon his brow, saying, * It's a ghost?' The third occupant oi-the hilf, havingJno desire to interview nocturnal visjtor, drew the blanket over his bead and remained where he was; but A., who has pluck enough to face a legion q| hobgoblins, rushed outside and be held^sure enough, standing near the dray, a regular conv^ntîonal'gmièrT'Viz., a tanfïgdré with extended armBJdrapBti-^n1>wMte "" Ah reclaimed A., "I guess you want one of my horse-collars ; just wait a second, andl_'}l.giv£"yrni a striving ptoof,of my liberality."''gofBBjifeiA, sang-pat to his, mate to band him a long^ancLled hammer,*and, armed with this weapon, rushed TipVSi the enemy; but the blow fell harmless, Jar the ghostly visitor .vanished at once.- Offgng t4$héJÓ*)k/ieSj af'tfiè night, ana the gronVid'arioinía'Cbvérea with thistles, A., who"was barefooted, considered, puisait.«f the ghost unad visable, else we might have heard the last of this Windowie woman] |ir 'wbiljj., .Since"" writing the above, we have heard that 'another of the ghostly fraternity has beer! playing high pranks in another part of our district, " In'«'ne instance, we under- stand, a marriage had. been arranged, and everything went smoothly till the eieoefore the wedding, when n, ghost appeared upon the scese^ and, we suppose, from what folloWed.j'forbid the bans; as the bride elect, in consequence of revelations made to her by the supernatural visitor, has determined to forego matrimony for the present." An. interesting example of the extent to which artificial appliances poa be made to take the-place of the natural rnembexs Q£ the body attracted some at tentionduring the hearing of the evidence in the oasa of Walker. %. Walker in. the Supreme Court, When the petitioner-who some time ago lost both his arms by aq unfortunate accident with a field-gun at Ips- wich, and w^s'fitted (by Mr, M'Lennan, we believe) witij artificial'appliances to take their place-had coinolfltecfbis. evidence, it was. generally supposed that he would be uqoble. to endorse it ; but, to the astonishment, of most, persons in the court (includ- ing his Honor Sir Jáxues Cockle), be, with very little uimcuiDjí, TOOK a pea nom an ink-stand, adjusted it bftweert his "fingers with, the assistance of his teeth, and with, great facility, signed each folio ot his evi- dence in a clear bold hand. We subsequently had an opportunity of inspecting some of Walker's ordi- nary (arUfieial^udwriUng.ûiid-w^restruckwith the remarkable clearness, uniformity, aDd general sym- metry of Ifts character We believe that so expert has he become with the pen that he has lately ob- tained a situation as clerk in an establishment at Ipswich»-Qjyens'lfindefo Aug. 28. TbfrEventng News of Aug 25 says -Among the passangero who nmved by-the- Macgregor on Sttur day, the 21st matant; was Mrs* Fanny Stenhouse, of Salt Like city, Utah, who-fraa-recentjy gained con siBerable reputation in the United States of America, as a writer and lecturer. Mrs Stenhouse is, an English.woram, sod has for seventeen years been a resident, of -Salt take city, her husband was for twenty-fivaiyear* one of the onie? htgfi priests'of the Mown Chjctnlii Hex eldest daughter, we under stund, is the wife of the Prophet's eldest son Mrs. Stenhouse visits our shores for the. purpose of giving a course of lectures, and also to publish a book which \- she has recently written, and which has had a, remarkable sale In the United States of America From her long residence'in Utah, and her intimate relations with aBTçbisse&off; the gaopl? there, from the Prophstrafrd: Mr multitudinous famny to the humblest o£ his defrauded victims, shs must be well qualified to enlighten us upon a religious impostuie, that is without, parallel in the history of tnet world, Stiecomes to us highly recommended by the, leading people of Bellt Lafee^City as a'woman of unblemished reputation and high social standing in Utah and although bet lectures are upon s. most delicate subjeec, weare informed, from good authority, that they aredelicate-, chaste, and fngh-toued To quote frpm a leading Boston paper, " Tbpre is nothing in the» that an angel from heaven may not listen to " Atgthg. Walter JPoUca Gourdon Jfendaj mqrjnrijr. (says the Evening News), two young men niimed Aaron Meyer and Alfred Hyman, were charged with having stSlett ft goW «ham of'ttte value of1*?, the property of one Bobert Hughes The, evidence . showed that on last Tirarsdby evening, the prisoners i together, walked into the*éfl«sbmMteetabfttt<ment' of Mrs Austin, of Oxford-street, and called for some refreaijiTiBtitif Oo the mtBltel^fHeö» of the- room which they entered there stood two. lustres, and on their saying that they were ata Ana description, Uje waitress, Emily 0*Bneh, informed them that they together with a gold chain and other articles bad been left at the establisnm°nt oy allr. Bughes-ior- - the purpose of having them JcafBed They were shown the chain, ana tfiey took ii apparently to ascertain its value, the wattress left the roon) to attend iu*netbet part-of the establishment, and she subsequently showed them a vase of flowers that was also-tor bsTattadl Sbey then left after fitet paying E for then» refsaabiaent a** patting down their names .as members for tfas rafffe* She did not again think Of the chain till som» tim« after the prisoners had gone, andthajnt atjotMoiiljind nu trace of ir, though she made a search Na person had in the meantime entered thq. room, and she naturally concluded that the prisoners Bad taken fie chain. Information was giveu to, the police, and the prisoners were arrested by Bsuior-CSriaa"jie Pine The bench said that there wiÈfj. *4rj wreiÇ suspicion, io, Q» case, l?ut,rjor. auffielen* to wtowit a.oonV^ai',. ílje spcased were therwôw ofieoSrgM, , i ItjBsems thal protection exercises as baneful an j influenceupon the lower forms of "life tis it does on i man (says the Evening Kerns). A visitor to New- castle the other day, was asking a boatman, what ! had become of all the oysters, and was informed that | they had all been kilted by " purtection." Being asked for an explanation, tire son of Neptune said that the beds brid been ahnt up for three years, and not being thinned out they bad become a prey to the first fresh. Oysters it seems must be kept from stagnating as well as men. We have heard of " the love of an ovster," but it is evidently not a love ïar protection. A USEFUL ISMIORATION SOCIETT.-A late English paper says :-" The British Ladies'- Female Emigrant Society held its twenty-seventh annual meeting on April 14, at Lancaster-Gate. Its objects are to provide emigrant ships with qualified matrons to supervise the single women on board, to supply books and needle wofk, and in some cases to supply clothes and outfit. Since its existence the society's agents have visited 2277 ships bearing 565,180 emi- grants. The Rev. J. Moorhouse, prebendwy of St. Paul's, was in the chair; and Sir J. Fergusson, late Governor of New Zealand, proposed the adoption of the report, and dwelt upon the claims the society had to public sympathy at home and inthe colonies. Mr. Deering seconded the resolution. Letters were read from the Hon. Julius Vogel, announcing that; the New Zealand Government will subscribe 100 guineas to the society ; and from Mr. Daintree; Agent-General- for Queensland, doubling the present subscription of £10 from that colony. The report states that the society has seventeen trained and permanent matrons on its list, and that, for the ships sailing to New Zealand, a matron is selected from the emigrants on board. The Bishop of Mel- bourne moved a resolution in favor of trained and permanent matrons, and the Bev. Styleman Herring, Clerkenwell, in seconding it, said that he bad helped out nearly 4000 of his poor people, chiefly to Ca- nada, bat some recently to the Australian colonies, where New Zealand had so warmly taken up the subject of emigration. During a voyage winch he himself made in an emigrant ship he saw enough to convince him of the need for trained supervision, and he hoped it would be made part of the Government scheme that there should be good and trained women in the position of matrons on board those ships. Mr. Shaw proposed a resolution expressing satisfaction with the results of the visits paid from ship to ship ; and tbeBev.Mr. Gladstone, chaplain of the Thames Church Mission, seconded it, and in doini; so bore testimony to the popularity and success oftfie Iaßours in that behalf of the secretary, Miss Tipple. Countess Grey, Lady Henry Fox Young, Lady Macarthur, Sir Wil- liam Hill, Mr. Kennaway, and Mr. Andrews, wer» among those present. A collection was made to- wards covering the society's deficit of £120 in a modest expenditure of £512. Clothes, books, and work were also asked for. The Hon. Arthur Kin- naird is the treasurer of the Society, and its central office is at_23, Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy-square." The "temporary bridge over "the Murray, to 1» erected by Deniliquin and Moami Hail way Company, is to be placed about tbiity or forty yards below the site of the permanent structure. It is expected to be ready in three or four months. Three or four pile-driving machines are to be set in motion imme- diately.-Pastoral Times, Aug. 28. I Fortune seems to favour Deniliquin and Moam i Railway Company (says the Pastoral Times of Aug. 28.) The line, as it passes through Maiden's Forest, cuts into a splendid gravel bed, sufficient to ballast the whole of tho railway. Yesterday morning (reports the Herald of Thurs- day) Mr. Freeman, photographer, having driven into town from Ashfield, left bia horses at Hever's stables in Pitt-strest. Shortly afterwards they rushed out of the stable yard into Pitt-street, where one of them came into collision with a spring-cart opposite the City Bank. One of the shafts of the cart, which waa the property of Mr. K. Miller of Pitt-street, penetrated the animal and killed him almost instan- taneously. Toe horse in the spring-cart was injured and the harness broken. M. Lastal, railway contractor, announces au econo- mical plan for preserving soft or resinous woods. He remarked that the planks on which mortar was mixed became hard, possessed greatresistance, and no marks of decay. Acting on this idea he placed wood in a reservoir, and on the top a thick layer of quick lime, adding from time to time water. The wood enjoyed this lime-bath for n week in the case of woodintended ' for mining operations, bandies of tools, &c.; The, I wood thus steeped was found to be incrusted as fa: j as its very centre. I Ice ia a necessity for several industries, to say nothing as to its being an article of daily consump- tion. The brewer employs it to check fermentation, the chemist to dense the products of dîstilliation at a low temperature, and the vinegrower with it freezes his wine to give a strength. M Girouard draws attention to compressing ice. Two men in a single day, on the bank of the river or pond, by means of a band press, can compress ice, no matter how thin, into well-shaped bricks each weighing 11 lb., and at the rate of upwards 3000 during a day. Thus compressed, the ice is heavier, and less in volume, can be easily preserved in pits, in any shady spot, with an absorbent soil, thatched with straw, and then covered wi.b sawdust. Costly ice houses ore thus dispensed with. The ice can be easily transported as "stacked," and even snow can be similarly compressed. The Cumberland Tunes understands that Bertrand, the assassin of Mr. Kinder, who has been confined for some years in the asylum as a criminal iuuatic, is about to be relegated to goal during her Majesty's pleasure, he being now considered convalescent. On Wednesday morning t,says the -S. M. Herald) a German named Benjamin Grill, or Grilk, attempted Suicide at his residence in Prince-street by cutting bis throat with a razor. On being discovered, he wa? at onco removed to the Infirmary by the police, and admitted into the accident ward, where he now lies in a very precarious condition. On Tuesday last (reports tue Goulburn Herald of the 28th) a young man named Donald Baxter, son of Mrs. Slowman, of Yorkborough, fifteen miles from Taralga, and about forty-five from Goulburn, was engaged in felling a sapling, and when it fell the limb of another tree which rested against or upon it fell also. Baxter got clear of the sap- ling ; but the limb of the tree r-aught bim and knocked him down, brr-al'in« his thigh. He was taken home, and a messenger ajut to Goulburn for Dr. Davidson, who attended as speedily as possible and reduced the fracture, leaving Baxter doing as well as under the circumstances could be anticipated, POLICE BUSINESS.-At the West Maitland police court on Thursday, the following magistrates were in attendance :-Mr. Addison, P.M., and Messrs. II. 9\. Badgery, and Joseph Pearse, J.P.'s. Two case3 were disposed of. 