? . Mb. Mclbtt, hoot and shoe importer, of Latrobe-street, has, it is said, levanted, and left liabilities to the amount of two or three thousand pounds .unsatisfied. Oh Saturday morning Constable Burke, while on duty in Brunswick, had his attention drawn to ft man. who addressed him as "to Royal Highness," and complained that an Irish ghost, named O'FarreU, hannte» ; him. On Tuesday the Brunswick Benoh sent him to 'the Yarra Bend as a lunatic. There he was identified as one who had been con fined therj for upwards of 12 years. He had effected his esoape a day or two previously.:« A fatal aocioent occurred on Sunday on' the Yarra, where a boat, containing three seamen, belonging to the Bhip Sobraon, lying at Sandridge, and another man, capsizfd ba. tween the Botanic Gardens and Brander'g Ferry, on the Upper Yarfa, two of thosa oa board being drowned. The town's names were Alfred Gosling, John Hubert, Ch&tlea; Pugh, and John Jones, the latter being « shoemaker, living at Emerald Hill. Thej were sober. An ioqnest Was held on Toes' day on the bodies of John William Jones aai Charles Pugh, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. On Saturday afternoon the acaoia beda and fence enclosing Mr. Alfred Watsotfj land on Orroug-road, Toorak, was set on fire • and about 130ft, was eonsomed before it wai extinguished. Ai the adjourned meeting of the council of the National Agricultural Sooiety of Vig. toria, held on Monday, at Kirk's Bazaar, the business was confined to the preparation of the lists for the nomination o! office-bearer! and members of the council jfor the ensuing - year. The nomination will take place oa Thursday next at Kirk's Baiaar. The annual meeting of the Total Abstinence Sooiety was held at the Tejhperanoa- Hall on Monday nigbt. There was a good attendance of members. The report—4 summary of which will be found in another column—showed that the association wag in a sound position financially. The People'a Concerts had proved a great success, a balance of £478 being left after the payment of all expenses. Considerable amusement was created at the City Court on Monday by the appearanot of a man in female attire, who gave the name of Robert De Clarke. He was dressed in a black silk dress, and had a bonnet of the same sombre hue, trimmed with manve, and having a red rose surmounting the headdress. As the Bench regarded the escapade as a stupid joke he was discharged with a caution. We learn from the Government astronomer, Mr. Ellery, the following information respecting the weather of Monday : " The highest temperature in • the shade was 99 deg., and in the sun 137 deg. The atmosphere being somewhat hazy kept down the temperature although it was felt to be one of the hottest days of the season." _ While; engaged on Monday in a waggon discharging coal from a ship lying at the Sandridge - - pier, a man named William Wil- .._ Mams, aged forty-nine years, was struck by one of the baskets, and knocked Sown, sustaining injuries to hiB head and one hand which necessitated his removal to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was admitted. The exhibition of paintings and drawings executed by papila connected with tba School of Art, carried on under the auspicea of the Technological Commissioners, held in the annexe attached to the National Gallery, has attracted a large number of visitors, and the general verdict as to the merits of the exhibits is not unfavourable. An inquest was held on Monday, at Emerald Hill, upon the body of James Neely, aged thirty-one years, who died from alcoholic poisoning. A verdict to that efieot was returned. •. It is announced that until further notice the supply of water will be intermittent. The districts north of the Yarra and Sandridge will be supplied between the hours of 7 a,m. and 5 p.m., and the districts south of the Yarra, exoept Sandridge, between 5 pm. and 7 a.m. A destructive fire occurred at Emerald Hill on Tuesday morning. It commenced in a small grocer's shop, near the corner ol York and Clarendon streets, and spread to Thomas's drapery store, and also to a boot and shoe shop, and a barber's shop adjoinng. The total damage is estinfated at between £5000 and £6000: A bbmab'kable illustration of the vicissitudes of colonial life was afforded (says the Age) at the City Police Court on Tuesday. An elderly and rather dilapidated Irishman, named Bernard Rogers, was charged with vagrancy, having been found sleeping oh ft bundle of rags on the Yarra Bank. He ws» at one time here a man of considerable means, but owing to domestic differences h9 gradually became what he is now, a wandering vagrant, who lives on the garbage and refuse of the city. The police stated that ha is very harmless, and evidently fond of a vagrant life. The accused was remanded for seven days. The assailants of Constable Mason-yAinsworth, White, and Mullens—were brought before the ColUngwood Bench on Tuesday, on remand. As Mason was still too unwell to appear, the prisoners were again remanded, bail being extended. About four a.m. on Sunday two well- Known characters, named John Huxley and. Edward Graham left the Criterion diningrooms, Bourke-street. Shortly after, a man* named Harnson roused the proprietor of the place, and told him that he had been robbed of lOoz. ISdwt, of gold. The early risers M Detectives Williams and Hykjlhas served several long sentences at Pentndge, and ooce^made hiI „ with an °ther prisoner, Graham ^ho ™«aaol by scaling the wall. heeu S S X J Z L * " k gad repeatedlyf 9 e ~ T 6 ' ? n Tuesday, winanded P ftrseyen days when brought before the City •J anffiS"» - HDfl^r' 80016 months state of mind that leads otai continues in • must have been^£* 0 ££ b £1ff££ 5 lunacy at the time. Should the Crown determine upon -sending him for trial at the Sext criminal sittings of the Supreme Coart, which will be held on the I6th of February, the issue that will be first BUbtaitted to the jury »ill be as to whether he wag or was not sane and responsible fur his own actions at the time be committed the murder.. Those ppKons who are in the habit of asing the Y»n Yean for the purposes of irrigation are waroed.by an advertisement tbat, jj they do so otherwise tban by hand, they will be subject to the penalty of having their a Bupply cut s « owir) g to the large consumption of water at night, the quantity in the Preston Reservoir is considerably re duced. WIIIIAM HATES, aged 20, got his leg frac tared at Sandridge on Sunday by a horse kicking him. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. A MOST remarkable series of misfortunes by fire have attended a family named Bolfe, living in Frahran. Some time since one of the children was bnrnt to death. Sinoe then either two or three others of them have been patients in the Alfred Hospital, through being either severely scalded or burned ;and on tbe 16th inst. a little girl, aged five years, a member of tbe family, waa admitted to the institution, suffering from extensive burns through playing with the fire. THE eteamerB Golden Crown and Williams made their usual trips on Sunday, as advertised, and each vessel had a full complement of passengers. The Williams, instead of simply going to Qaeenscliffand Portsea, went ri«bt round the Bay, calling first at Snapper Point and then at all the watering places till she crossed over to QoeenscliS, The excursion was thoroughly enjoyed by all on board. AN accident occurred at the Spencer-street railway station on Saturday afternoon, to an emploj6of the department named Jas. Smith. He was attending to the oonplingB of some carriages, and got himself jammed between the buffers. He was taken to the Melbourne EoBpital, where it was found that his ribs were injured. MR. JAMES ROWLEY, the senior turnkey at the Melbourne Gaol, died on Sunday at his private residence, .Cardigan-street, Carlton. He appeared to be in his asual health during the early part of tbe morning, but later in the day he went outside to smoke his pipe, and fell down insensible. Tbe deceased first joined the staff of the, Melbourne Gaol in 1850, and was made etiief warder in 1852. At an inquest held on Monday, Mr. Pietcber, surgeon, stated that death resulted from apoplexy, caused by fatty disease of the kidneys. A verdict WBB accordingly returned to tbat effect. The deceased was buried teat afternoon, in tbe Melbourne cemetery, his funeral being attended by many private friends, as well as the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments, and as many of the gaol warders as could be spared from duty. A VEKT sodden death occurred on board the American barque Nomad, lying at the Sandridge Town pier, early on Sunday morning, when an elderly man named George Dollman, who had been for the past three or four years employed as a watchman on board various vessels, dropped down dead, in inquest was held on Monday, and a postmortem examination of the body made by Br. Smyihe showed death to have been caused by apoplexy, the result of rapture of an aneurism of the aorta. A verdict was re. Drned to that effect. AN inquest WAS also held on Monday, at Sandridge, on the' body of the man Bobert Parker, who was killed by the fall of several tons of eaith upon him, while employed excavating at the South Melbourne Gas Company's works on Saturday morning. A ver. ict of accidental death was returned,^here being no evidence sufficient to attach blame to anyone. ON Sunday afternoon the attention of onBiable Eaton was called to a man lying & tbe footpath in Hay ward-lane, off Lonshle-street. He was removed to tbe hospital, Ed on arrival was found to be dead. Deeaaed's name is Henry Leddy, aged about 0\. fie had no fixed residence, and no amily or friends about, but was said to have sou living in Bichmond. " A painful case of suicide while suffering ram the effects of drink was investigated on oaday at the Morgue by Dr. Youl. Tbe ictim in the case was a woman named riuget Cousins, 30 years of age, who for the wt six weeks had been in service with •dame Cora Devinois, in Flinders-street, be jory found a verdict of snicide while of Brand mind from drinking. 