? TOW.JTA,!*^; H tbopopolw: series of 'TcwnTalk' whiot has so long (with rtftsoaable intr- rval* for refreshment), charmed and edified ;1ie town, should corns to u sudden and sammarr close, let the getotls public, if it Cannot bat be grieved, be not surprised, We have in curred, it aeems, the ;«orioos displeasure of the local 'cpiiitaste,' and may be in some danger^ for aught wa know, with the aid of their ?pirit-friendi 't'other eije of Jordan,' cf being spirited awfy to tbat 'debateable land,' where at least it is not debateable that anjrtkiBg ao eeasible as ?; To wn Talk ' would have rather a rough time of it. Oar rag station, like many other of our wel -meant winks to stone-blind torses, that our ?piritnal friends might spend an evening to advantage with that honeat hnmbng, the Fakir ol (Jolu, bxs not, w« are sorry to say, Been reoeivea in the same trUndly spirit in which it was given. A rather savage oonunnnioation from a ''Trie Believer, not Enquirer' who by the way, should certainly .ftftend -the next Spelling Bee, aas urea us that in maiing ''sopurile(sic) annJKestion,' we wore simply, ' mooking in an idle spirit at matte n too high for ub,' and that on the excellent aathorfty of Mr. Bobcrt Sale Owen ' the world U new as it wai nineteen sentoriea ago, on the ere of a new religions era, to he heralded by the reenrrenoe of .similar mysterious ocourreacos.' So far as the spirit poisessing us being an ''idle spirit' is concerned, it certainly required no spirit of any Irini. to tell us that. Bat, really, - thts eoaapariion of ?pititoal phenocaenft, the bleod-writiBg eft the arm ef MrfFoiter, the DaTcnpora Brothers' well-known tr.cka I ortha later 'niMueBtatloni'Uf HissKatieKinK, «nth I the miacles of the new te tament, ia coming it rather I ? ?ionic. Oar correspondent tells ui tint ho has 'more I than once aeea ipirits,' whioh we don't doubt ia the least. In fact, we believe that he mtut have 'seen spirits' a good many times within at least twelve hours of his anxious epistle tons. One spirit, hasays, manifested its prstenoo by a lnmiBons form, moving about ia a sort »f circle, and tb«a after making a alight ' gnttaral sound, probably dewing its throat, succeeded In saying 'God bleu yea.' Heis great, too, is instances of a ..milor character fr*m the published experience of his favourite authority Mr. Koberb Dale Owtn, after which one is lets surprised than ever to heartkat that eminent man has lately gone mad. One story is that .being in company with a lady much esteemed in Boston asateaaherot singing and dancing, and with several medinma, Hi. Owen saw a female figure, draped in white and shining raiment, walk into a room aad then walk out again, while tht ethen present saw nothing ; and be adds, apropos of oar friend the Fakir, that 'Mr. Owen's faith' in the reality of his appearance was sot at all shaken by re fleeting that a Signor Blitz or Robert Hondin could, with proper applianoes, have produce! something like what he witnessed. 'Well, what is one to aay to SHch stories is these ? That they prove ingenious la - positions, or insane delusions, or downright lying, or practical joking, or real appearances of sense kind. Met having beem so fortunate as Mr. Owen and his ardent disciple in actual experience, we cannot say but it is quite dear that if matters go on at this rate wesoay shortly ?xpeet to find ghosts as plentiful at the corners of bar streets as larrikms, and employed about as usefully. The only one thing curtain is that the doctrines preached by the spirits seem to be singularly vague, and that the spirits seem to know bo more, but rather lets, about anything than we do ourselves. It is not very consoling ot edifying a belief that after death a oommonplace Briton will bo '? - oommonpiaco nriwu auu, ur tan tue true solution of the ''great mystery' is that the next world i», even in a larger degree than the present one, a world of fools. Believing as we do that the medium is a more or less elerer impostor, we can easily understand why the spiritual revelations Bade should be t» vulgar and prosaio ss the minds of their makers. Bat sn the opposite theory it is oer talnly surprising that people should some from the dead, and y«t {should be able to bring us na inspiring news, no Met of ' . ' Afiampltr ether, and dlrlaer ait in those , / ; Fields Uvetted with purpureal fleams ? even to preach no new dwtrine to deabt-troubled humanity; but at the utmost only to oat eapers in the miron musieal instruments, or sit-in ? ebair in-the oostnme tot the period -and make faces and talk non sense. Id any ease, pending the threatened visitation' for oar sin. of nea-belief, we shall oentinue to hold with tho clever gentleman, who we are sure will be happy to introduos ' True-believer ' to as many 'spirits' as he likes, with the ehakespeariaa assur sues, ' It is an honest ghost— that let me' tell you.' Take away my first letter, take awty my second let fer, take away aUnoy letters, and I am still the same — Tks fostmaB.| 