CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA. DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP. The solemn enthronement of the Right Rev. Martin Crane, D.D., O.S.A., as first bishop of the diocese of Sandhurst, took place on Sunday last, in Sfc.Kilian's Cathedral. The extensive and important diocese of Sandhurst has now its own- ijhiinediate episcopal head, and. has commepced its history as one of the ecclesiastical princedoms into which the Gatholjc world is divided. Catholicity in Victoria has now fairly entered upon a new and most important epoch ; it has undergone a change in its scheme of government which, in. all human probability, will lapt for centuries, and perhaps, in the wisdom of God, to the end of time. Victoria, which little over a quarter of a century ago was only a portion of a vast diocese, now has its own hierarchy of three wise and pious prelateB, two belonging to an ancient and. illustrious order in the Church, which, in Ireland, has produced men like the immortal "J.K.L.," and William Gahan, and the third of whppi was the subject of preferment in a diocese where the prevalence of talent and sanctity amongst the clergy renders ecclesiastical promotion of more than ordinary significance. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne is now altogether relieved of a material portion of that burden which he has borne with so muoh fortitude, and with so much advantage to the Church in this colony during the past twenty-six years. The Catholics of the colony, who have had, until within the last few months, the advantage anil happiness of being subject, to his Grace's spiritual sway, will heartily congratulate his Grace that, while he shall still exercise a certain jurisdiction over them, he has been relieved of much weighty responsibility, whereby his anxieties will be diminished and his ripening years rendered more tranquil. Never in the history of the colony has this opportune succour of the Holy See to the Church iii Victoria been more needed. The grappling with circumstances brought about by the present Education Act is in itself a task sufficiently difficult and onerpua for a Bishop to have to undertake,, and the division of the enormous responsibUity which would, in the present juncture of affairs with regard to education, have fallen to the lot of his Grace Dr. Goold, ,i3 a matter providential and worthy of thanksr giving. The ceremony of Sunday last was fixed to take place at 11 o'clock, but shortly after 10 those who intended to be present at it began to pour into the church, and, although admission was by ticket, the sacred edifice was so crowded as the hour for the commencement of the service approached, that it was found necessary to place forms in the aisle and passages for the accommodation of those, who would otherwise have been obliged, to stand in those places. The congrega-, tion included large numbers of persona of other religious denominations thaa the Catholic. . The organ gallery bore in front in large ornamental characters the word " Welcome" to the newly-arrived bishop of the Cathedral. The high altar and the altar of our Blessed Lady were decorated with green boughs, and an extraordinary quantity of flowers for the occasion. A fine episcopal throne, of the proper structure and furnishing,; was erected, as customary, on the Gospel side of the altar. At 11 o'clock a procession, composed of the altar attendants, the clergy, his Lordship the Bishop pf : Sandhurst, and his Grace the ArchbiBhop. of Melbourne; entered the Cathedral.by one of the principal entrances, chanting the Litany of the Saints, and proceeded, up the aisle to. within the sanctuary, the Bishop of Sandhurst osperging the congregation on the way. His Lordship , was attired in oope and [mitre, and borer the pastoral staff, and. his Grace the- Archbishop was. similarly vested,__andi carried the archiepiscopal cross. the procession had .reached the sanctuary the jjord Metropolitan conducted :thff Bishop of Sandhurst to. the throne-pee* pared for him, and having bowed._to.lWlj Lordship, turned to the congregation and introduced to.ahSm their /jiew prelate, adding the.'expression af.ahopBithat they woiila loyally sujppQrt^him ih hiiiflmilistration of his. nevf, diocese. c Hia;*"®®! then retired to a place set apart for him ' "at the epistle eide of the altar, where ; lie was diverted of cope and mitrfe, and laid aside' hia arohiepisisopal croto. \Dr.r Baokhaus then read, in^atin,* th6 papal i •*|mll appointing Dr. Crine to' the See of Sandhurst. His Lordship the Bishop of ^Sandhurst was next vested for . Mass, .which .was celebrated by His Lordship. ' "The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaus officiated .u assistant priest; the Be v. S. Hevelie, O.S.A., as deacon; the Rev. T. Maher, as sub-deacon, and the Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan, Melbourne, as master of the ceremonies. The Very Rev. T. Cahill, Superior S.J., St. Patrick's College, Melbourne," and the Rev. H. Allen, O.S.A., Castlemaine, were in attendance on his Grace the Metropolitan,'' and the Rev. William Kelly, S. J., St., Patrick's College, Melbourne, was also present. At the commencement.,of the <ser vice, the -choir " performed the Hallelujah Chorus (Handel) in a really splendid maimer.. TheMass performed .was Haydn's, Imperial, or No. 3, and it was executed.in a way which ' surprised strangers who had been accustomed to hear Grot-class performances ' of the same kind in Melbourne. The Drgan of St.' Kilian's is a very fine instru- "ment; and it may be mentioned as a "curious fact, that every member of the [ choir is a Protestant. • At. the offertory, ' Mr. Macobdy sang the Veni Saiicte Sjriritus 'in quite an artistic manner. The principal.'vocalists in the Mass were—Miss Rudd, soprano ; " Miss —. Rudd, contralto; Mr. M. Macdonald and Mr. Morris, bass; arid Mr. William Brown and Mr. Roberts,' tenor. Mr. Jbhn Millar efficiently presided at the organ. : After the communion, the Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., preached . the occasional sermon from the epiBtle forthe day (Pentecost Sunday.) He compared the harvest \- of the material earth, the first fruits of which were, under the old law, offered at Pentecost to Almighty God to the harvest of souls which the church is engaged in reaping for heaven. Referring to the spread of Catholicity on this continent, he drew attention to' the marvellous fact that, within the memory of one venerable lifetime, not one bishopi was settled on Australian soil; but this vast continent was ruled from an island in the ocean surrounding it. Since that time dioceses had been divided and sub-divided, and recently two eminent prelates had been appointed to assist our own Metropolitan in the administration of the affairs of religion in this part of Australia. The presence of his Lordship the Bishop of Sandhurst prevented him (the preacher) from saying what could justly be said of him, but which would "offend his modesty ; but he might venture to tell his hearers that for many years his Lordship was a member of the cloister, and that he was again and again elected by his brethren in the Order of St. Augustine to the chief place amongst them ; that he ruled his monastery with wisdom, and was the first provincial of his order who held office in English territory when the suppressed Augustinian houses were restored. His Grace the Metropolitan in resigning his immediate charge of the district of Sandhurst to Dr. Crane, no doubt felt the pain which a father experienced in parting with his children, but he must also feel consolation in knowing that he was entrusting that portion of his flock to hands worthy, and sure to guide them on the paths of peace. The preacher then spoke of the long, intimate, and honourable connection of the present Vicar-General of Sandhurst with that district. His energies were unsparing and unceasing for the maintenance and establishment of the Catholic religion in that part of the country. The Vicar-General had come to Sandhurst when the work of the ministry there entailed great privation, for there were then no good roads for the 'easy vehicle to roll over, nor railways by which people were swiftly carried from one part of the country to another. There was nothing to screen the early settlers from the cold of winter, 4>r perhaps the more severe heat of the sultry summer sun, but a screen of light canvas. During his residence in the district he had erected schools which were a monument of his desire that the children committed to his charge should grow up good Christian men and women, and by his entire character he had won tiie esteem, confidence, and sincere love of his bishop. No doubt he wonld also deserve the same sentiments of esteem ahd feelings of love on the part of Dr drane. Father Kelly then went on to upfeak of the Holy Spirit as the Spirit of Life, Truth and Love, and to show that the life'of a 'true bishop was a Teflex of those sacred attributes of the Holv Ghost. ' X The mass having been finished, His Lordship the Bishop of Sandhurst bestowed • the Papal • Benediction on the congregation.'": 