©tiginal Ijkbittos. TENNYSON'S QUEEN MARY.* The telegraph informed ns some weeks ago that Mr. Tennyson had surpassed himself in his new poem, and now that it lies before us we are able to echo the assertion from thisside of the world. We cannot help regretting, however, that he should have chosen a sub ject which recals with such vividness the old battle between the creeds, especially as he depicts only the cruelties perpetrated on one side of the straggle, and reproduces some of these withneedless and harrowing minuteness. Bat that the work has, no doubt, been too long in hand one would almost think he had been emulous to follow Mr. Gladstone into a field which a poet should not enter. On the last page of the play the words " The Papacy is no more followed by " Are we so sure of that ?" look almost like a political hit at one of the existing questions of the day. This is unworthy of a great poet, who should aim at higher things^ until the publication of the "Northern Farmer" his leaders were hardly aware of Mr. Tenny son's dramatic power. He has now proved it beyond all question, and unless we are very much mistaken we shall soon hear of the triumph of his tragedy upon the stage. He has done for Mary what Shakspeare has done for so many of our English kings. He has resolved all the events of her reign into the compass of a drama, 'and one of snch power and beauty that it is not unworthy to stand tide by tide with the works of the great master himself. Hie story is well told and the characters are drawn with acute and masterly discernment. The verse, in the Elizabethan measure, is terse and vigorous, and the lines flow easily with a wonderfully flexible and varied rhythm. The action of the poem gathers power as it proceeds until in the latter scenes it rises to a height of passionate despair which only finds its natural cloBe in the announcement—"The Queen is dead." Tennyson takes the same view of the character of QueenMaryas Fronde —one differing in many essential features from the " Bloody Masy" of onr childhood. He portrays her as a woman of strong affec tions and noble impulses which are cruelly "jangled ont of tone" by the hard blows of early adversity. " Her life was winter, for her spring was nipped." Her intense love for her mother has produced an equally intense resentment against the religion which she looks upon as the origin of that mother's wrongs, and she deems her self sent to put an end to heresy, "And lead The living waters of the Faith again Back through their widow'd channel here, and watch The parch'd banks rolling incense as of old To Heaven, and kindled with the Palms of Christ." Her passionate and romantic love for the cold and politic Philip of Spain, which he repays with harsh indifference and dislike, adds to the distraction of her mind, and becomes a powerful instrument to urge her onward in that career of cruelty and persecu tion which she comes to esteem a religions duty. Even at the last, in the height of her distress, her remorse is not for what she has done, bat for what she has left undone. Thus she exclaims— " 0 God! I have been too slack, too slack; There are Hot Gospellers even among our guards— Nobles we dared not touch." The scene opens with the babble of the populace, who are gathered together to see the coronation procession pass by, and who dispute in a puzzled way about the word "legitimate." And here we must protest against the need less coarseness of the language employed, as well as the brutality described in some other passages of the play. It may be said that these are not equal to the coarse ness and brutal deeds to be fonnd in Shakspeare, and are unquestionably charac teristic of the time. This is no doubt true, but we do not expect a mere photograph from the hand of an artist. He must pene trate below the outward shows of things. The coarseness of language which was common in the dayaot "Mary and "Elizabeth"' was no doubt compatible with the' highest morality of act and purpose. . Bat it would ■ hot be so how." The modes of speech of that time have how happily bo completely passed away that they have gained a significance which they had,not then, and to pat them into a poem intended for modern readers is" to give them undue prominence. We want to see tilings as we should have seen them had we lived then. It is impossible to take from ns the culture which has been the growth of centuries, and therefore it is the duty of the poet and artist to subdue the minor details of evil, otherwise the spirit of truth becomes entirely obscured by the letter. In those days, when coarse words were habitual and people saw their fellow- creatures hanged or burned daily, the language which is shocking to us woiild have passed unnoticed, and such a story as that told in the 5th act, of the mother whose child was born in the midst of the flames, would probably have called np only a little extra thrill of horror, while to us unprepared by such harsh experiences it is unutterably revolting, and cannot be subdued into a mere accessory or episode to the drama. This is the one blemish, in a noble work; but although we feel bound to call attention to it, it is only in rare instances that it is pro minent. The first act of the play is devoted to showing by the talk- of the populace, the gossip of the courtiers, the forebodings of Cranmer, and the voice of the preacher at Paul's Cross, the difficult position in which Mary was placed at her accession. She is surrounded on all sides, by self-seeking and untrustworthy counsellors. We see Oour tenay coquetting with ^ rebellion and in earnest about nothing; * Elizabeth warily holding her own against the dangers that beset her; the Chancellor Gardiner resolved to keep his place at any "cost, hating the Pope and the idea of the Spanish marriage, yet extra vagant in proles sions or fealty to the former, and hypocritically withdrawing all objection to the latter the moment he under stands the Queen's* wishes; Renard, the craifty Ambassador of Spain, praising up his. master Philip "as an angel among angels" while he secretly despises him, and laughing at the Queen behind her back for " tbe folly of all follies, to be love-sick for a shadow;" and NoaiJles, the emissary of France, scattering papers in the palace for the Queen to find and to suppose they come from the people — such as, "There will be no peace for Mary till Elizabeth lose her head," and "Long lire Elizabeth the Queen"—secretly urging the people to revolt, and then serenely calcu lating that "If Elizabeth lose her head That makes for France. And if her people, angered thereupon, Arise against her and dethrone the Queen, That makes for France. And if I breed confusion any way That makes for Franoe." Mary has no trne friend to rely upon. Even her ladies who love her dare not speak what they think about him whom they expect to be their master, Philip. Her people hate Spain and the Spanish marriage; bat they are torn with fears and jealousies, aud have no faith in any oae, only they love the Lady Elizabeth. They are quite willing that Wyatt should kill the Queen, so that "she be killed a little further off." They jest at the Fope and Papacy, yet hate the "hot gospellers," and crowd to see "the burnins" wavering between Protestantism and Catholicism, and believing in neither. Mary cannot understand them. She wants some one to lean on and to love. Thus she naturally turns towards the kins man of her mother with longing hope and thinks the objections to him come only from a party, " for to wed with Spain would treble England." Her heart is full of kindness at her accession. She greets her sister lovingly, pities the Lady Jane Grey though shocked hy her heretical speeches, and will not hear of putting her to death until the crafty Renard tells her that Philip " will not come till she be gone." Then she yields, masters her Council by her strength of wiU, and the first act ends with her ex. claiming, half-fainting from that effort, " My Philip is all mine." The second act depicts the insurrection of Sir Thomas Wyatt, when Mary is saved by her own firm bearing and trust in the Lord Mayor and the citizens of London. The numberless executions that followed, includ ing that of the Lady Jane Grey, are de scribed in the third act, with the marriage of the Queen in scarlet shoes 'As if her feet were washed in blood, As if she bad waded in it." Then comes the Papal Legate, her couBin, Cardinal Pole, to reconcile the country to the Church, followed closely by Mary's hope of an heir, and her happiness is complete. Her soliloquy of rejoicing is very fine:— " Oh, Philip, husband, now thy love to mine Will cling more close, and those bleak manners thaw, That make me shamed and tongue-tied in my love. The second Prince of Peace— The great unborn defender of the Faith, Who will avenge me of mine enemies— He comes, and my star rises. The stormy Wyatts and Northumberlands, The proud ambitions of Elizabeth, And all her fiercest partisans—are pale Before my star! The light of this new learning wanes and dies : The ghosts of Lnther and Zuinglius fade Into the deathless hell which is their doom Before my star! His sceptre shall go forth from Ind to Ind! His sword shall hew the heretic peoples down t His faith shall clothe the world that will be his, lake universal air and sunshine ! Open, Te everlasting gates 1 The King is here !— My star, my son 1" Her happiness is soon over. Philip and Gardiner urge her to burn out heresy as a religious duty. The gentle Cardinal Pole remonstrates in a passage which it would be well if some of those of our own day who rail at "honest doubt" would remember— ' There lie two ways to every end, A better and a worse—the worse is here To persecute, because to persecute Makes a faith bated, and is furthermore No perfect witness of a perfect faith In him who persecutes: wh6n men are tost On tides of strange opinion, and not sure Of their own selves, they are wroth with their own selves, And thence with others; then, who lights the faggot ? Not the fall faith, no, but the lurking doubt. Old Borne, that first made martyrs in the Church, Trembled for her own gods, for these were trembling." Hin remonstrances are vain. Gardiner rakes up against him an old charge of heresy, and he himself is at last guilty of the very crime he condemned. The fourth act relates the persecutions, with the death of Cranmer, whose closing speech is conceived in a noble spirit. In the fifth act Mary's troubles come thick upon her—more insur rections, her cousin Pole deprived of his Legateahip and cited to Borne for heresy, Philip gone and Calais taken. Hope fails and sickness comes upon her until her mind gives way. Mary's character is drawn throughout with great delicacy. Philip is her evil star. She goes on loving and believing in him, while he cares only for policy and even plots a marriage with her sister Elizabeth, to take place when Mary is dead. When the Queen entreats him not to go away, he will not listen till Benard warns him that if he angers her the people will take her part, and he be "not so well holpen in his wars with France." Mary says:— "Methinks that would you tarry one day more (The news was sudden) I could mould myself To bear your going better; will you do it ? Philip—Madam, a day may sink or save a realm. Mary—A day may save a heart from breaking too. Philip—Well, Simon Kenard, shall we stop a day? Menard,—Your Grace's business will not suffer, sire, For one day more, so far as I can tell. Philip—Then one day more to please Her Majesty. Mary—The sunshine sweeps across my life again. 0 if I knew you felt this parting, Philip, As I do! Philip By St. James I do protest, Upon the faith and honour of a Spaniard, 1 am vastly grieved to leave your Majesty. Simon, is supper ready?" Tie closing scenes when she hears of the loss of Calais and at last onderstands lier husband's perfidy, are grand in their intensity. We can omy quote one passage, ending onr extract with one of Tennyson's perfect lyrics— Eider Sir Nicholas Neath. Heath—1 bring your Majesty such grievous news I grieve to bring it. Madam, Calais is taken. Mary—What traitor spoke? Here, let my cousin Pole Seize, him and bum bins for a Lutheran. .flea*A.—Her Highness is unwell. I will retire. Lady Clarence—Madam, your Chancellor, Sir Nicholas Heath. Mary—Sir Nicholas ? I am stonn'd —Nicholas Heath? Methought some traitor smote me on the head. What said you, my good Lord, that our brave English Had sallied out from Calais and driven back The Frenchmen from their trenches? Heath Alas! no. That gateway to the mainland over which Onr flag hath floated for two hundred years Is France again. Mary— So; but it is not lost— Not yet. Send out: let England as of old Rise lionlike, strike hard and deep into The prey they are rending from her—ay, and rend The renders too. Send out, send out, and make Musters in all the counties; gather all From sixteen years to sixty; collect the fleet; Let every oraft that carries sail and gun Steer towards Calais. Guisnes is not taken yet? Heath—Guisnes is not taken yet. Mary There yet Is hope. Heath—Ah, Wiulsm, but your people are so cold; I do much fear that England will not care. Methinks there is no manhood left among us. Mary—Seud out; I am too weak to stir abroad: Tell my mind to the Council—to the Parliament: Proclaim it to the winds. Thou art cold thyself To babble of their coldness. O would I were My father for an hour i Away now—quick! PExit Heath. I hoped I had served God with all my might! It seems I have not. Ah ! much heresy Shelter'd in Calais. Saints, I have rebuilt Your shrines, set up your broken images; Be comfortable to me. Suffer not . That my brief reign in England be defamed Through all her angry chronicles hereafter By loss of Calais. Grant me Calais. Philip, We have made war upon the Holy Father All for your sake: what. good could come of that? Lady Clarence—No, Madam, uot against the Holy Father; Ton did bat help King Philip's war with France. Your, troops wete never down in Italy. Mary—I am a byword. Heretic and rebel Point at me and make merry. Philip gone! And Calais gone! Time that I were gone too! Lady Clarence—Nay, if the fetid gutter had a voice And cried I was not clean, what shonld I care? Or you, for heretic cries? And I believe, Spite of your melancholy Sir Nicholas, Your England is as loyal as myself. Mary (seeing the paper dropped by Pole)— There, there! another paper! Said you not Many of these were loyal? Shall I try If this be one of such? Lady Clarence— Let it be, let it be. God pardon me! I have never yet found one. Mary (reads)—"Your people hate you as your husband hates you." Clarence, Clarence, what have I done? What sin Beyond all grace, all pardon ? Mother of God, Thou knowest never woman meant so well And fared so ill in this disastrous world. My people hate me and desire my death. Lady'Clarence—No, Madam, no. Mary—My husband hates me, and desires my death. Lady Clarence—No, Madam; these are libels. Mary—I hate myself, and I desire my death. Lady Clarence—Long live your Majesty! Shall Alice sing you One of her pleasant songs? Alice, my child, Bring us your lute (Alice goes). They say the gloom of Saul Was lightened by young David's harp. Mary— Too young! And never knew a Philip (re-enter Alice). Give me the late. He hates me 1 (She sings.) "Hapless doom of woman happy in betrothing! Beauty passes like a breath and love is lost in loathing: Low, my lute; speak low, my lute, but say the world is nothing— Low, lute, low! Love will hover round the flowers when they first awaken; Love will fly the fallen leaf, and not be over taken; Low, my lute! oh low, my lute! we fade and are forsaken— Low, dear lute, low!" 