SPIRIT RIFLE PRACTICE. The papers contain an account of a so-called elabo rate investigation of a materialised spirit which re cently took place in St. Louis. The medium was one W. C. Clark, who pretends that he has a band of thirty-two disembodied spirits about hipm, some of which he can materialise by the odic or mesmeric force in him. During this materialisation, the medium was tied up in aeloset, and the room darkened ; when, after a little while, a curtain was withdrawn, exposing a part of the interior of the closet, in which then the ghost or materialised spirit was seen. As it was sus pected that, in this case, the same kind of deception was employed as in the Katie King affair, namely, that a real person of flesh and blood acted the rdle of the spirit, it was suggested that a crucial test would be to fire at the spirit with a loaded musket, as a real spirit could not be hurt by such an experiment. Mr. Clark having asserted that his materialised spirits were no deceptions, but real spirits, and could stand such a ltest, he received from an able marksman the following formal challcngoe :-" St. Louis, August 4, 1875.-Mr. Clarke : Dear Sir,--Having attended a seance given by you, and having seen the wonderful materialisa. tions, I will give you fifty dollars to produce one face at the aperture, if you will let me, or any person I may name, Ire a shot at it with a rifle. If lit is a spirit it cannot hurt it, and it will satisfy me it is not you with a mask on your face. My conditions are that you will disrobe yourself and put on clothes I shall pro. duee, and permit me to fasten you to the bottom ofthe cabinet. Yours respectfully, Jsnary T NcoeoS." This offer was at once accepted by Mr. Clarke. On the appointed evening, August 8, he was divested of all clothing, and other clothes brought by Mr. Timkons were put on him; he was tied down to tie bottom of the cabinet by ropes passed through holes; a black nurtain covered a window at which the ghost was to appear; the window was located on one oide of the medium i the string to open this curtain was planed within reach of Mr. Clark. The cabinet was closed and the lights turned down; and after a period of painful stillness, the medium asked the stadi. otea to sing, and they did so with a will. After they had fInished several songs, a loud knocking was heard, which slowly became more gentle, and then ceased. After three-quarters of an hour, during which nothing happened but an occasional spasmodie knock, a pain. ful cry was heard .in the cabinet, the black curtain was witlldrawn, and a face appeared at the window. It was that of a girl with blue eyes and brown hair. The face was instantly seen by all present, and is described as having fixed features and other characteristics of a mask. "Fire," said the voice of Mr. Clark in the cabinet; and Mr. Timkens, who had before pointed his rifle at the centre of the window, pulled the trigger, and the ball passed through the face and lodgedin the back partition of the cabinet ; while the face remained et the window unmoved for about a minute longer, when it was concealed by the black curtain, which was drawn over the opening. The account is very mimnte in details about the inspection of the cabinet, and the ropes with which the medium was tied; and it especially reports all which tile latter said concerning his fatigue and the emanations from his own spirit and the other spirits he controls; but no means appear to have been taken to cot hold of the mask, which was doubtless the thing used. The same parties (the Holmes') who exhibited tlhe Katie King materialisation in Philadelphia were recently exposed in Brooklyn, where a company of spiritualists themselves found out the deception prac. tised by maseeks, which were exhibited before a cur. tuined window, as at St. Louis. Such a mask, of course, would not be hurt much by a ball; but there are other more seeientific and refined methods of prac. tising these deceptions, such as optical contrivances, which can be made to give images which are perfectly, visible and totally intangible. Any one who has seen the perfect illusions produced by the stereopticon, which is nothing but an improved magic latern, or with the megascope, by which the perfect image of solid bodies may be thrown on smoke, repour, or dust, can understand that so-called mater. inlissation trick can be easily performed by such means. Such an image falling on a black curtain is invisible, bat on a white translucent smote its resemblance to a real body is such that it is next to impossible to distinguish it, except by an investigation during the exhibition of the image, the investigator placing his head in the opening, and looking around to see where the machine is, from- which the light forming the image proceeds. Persons unacquainted with these and similar re sources of physical science, which are increased in number and improved almost daily, are, of course, utterly incompetent to investigate the means by which tricks of this kind are practised; and their conclosions as to the absence of any deception are of no accoqnt whatsoever. The aboye is only one of many illustra tions of cases where the nature of the deception re maine undiscoererd, simply from the deficiency of knowledge and acuteness of those witnessing the per formance.-Scien-tife American. 