SUPREME COURT, LAUNCESTON. CIVIL SITTINGS. [By our own Reporter.] First Day Tuesday, January 5th, 1875. Before His Honor Justice Dobson and a jury of seven. The Court opened at 11 a.m. ' Cleary v. Henn and Another. This was an action for libel, brought by Michael Austin Cleary, landlord of the International Hotel, Launceston, against Messrs. Henry and Walsh, proprietors of a journal known as the Tasmanian Tribune, published in Hobart Town. The alleged libel was said to be contained in a letter of the Launceston correspondent to the said journal, and published in the issue of the 24th July, 1874. Defendants recorded a general plea of "not guilty." Mr. Byron Miller, of Miller and Powell, appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. R. P. Adams, Solicitor General, instructed by Mr. Thos. Sheehy, for defendants. Mr. Miller, in opening the case, read the article in question, which purported to be an account of an alleged fracas, said to have occurred at 4 a.m. on the morning of the 10th July, 1874, among certain parties and Cleary, concerning an alleged gambling transaction, in which Cleary was said to have taken part. The article concluded as follows: " I imagine the police will have something to say about such characters being in a licensed house at such a time, and engaged in such a manner." The counsel for the plaintiff rested the action for libel on the general tenor of the article, and especially on the sentence quoted, urging that to all intents and purposes his client was represented on the Sabbath morning as having been drunk and disorderly, playing cards, using indecent language, and otherwise misconducting himself. This his client was in a position to assert, and prove was wholly false, and had come forward that day to vindicate his good name. Before doing so, his client had given every opportunity in his power for the offending journal to retract the statement, and acknowledge its falsity, but they declined to do so, affirming that they had no reason to doubt the statements of their correspondent. In a lengthy and effective speech, the learned counsel pointed out the injury that would be inflicted, both on the character and trade of his client by such a false report as this being published abroad, and endeavoured to show from several accompanying circumstances that a malicious feeling lay at the root of the act For the plaintiff only one witness was called, the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, who deposed that he was a Canon of the Church of England. His impression on reading the article was, that generally it reflected disparagingly on Mr. Cleary. The words that such characters ought not to have charge of a licensed house, were an imputation on Mr. Cleary's character. He certainly thought such a letter would injure his business. From reading the article he should think the letter imputed gambling to the landlord., On behalf of the defence, Mr. Adams endeavoured to show that the article had nothing whatever of a libellous character about it, as no malice whatever existed in the statement complained of. The attack was evidently not intended for Mr. Cleary, but for the correspondent of 37ie Mercury. Possibly a mistake had been made, and the story had been too highly coloured, but nothing malicious was contained in it. The learned counsel then went carefully over the article complained of, in order to illustrate in his opinion, that a fair reading of it would not give the sense imputed to it. On behalf of the defence, the following witnesses were called : Henry Button, one of the proprietors of the Examiner, deposed that Mr. Cleary called upon him and asked him to contradict an account which appeared in the Tribune. He refused to contradict it, saying they know nothing about it, but if Mr. Cleary wrote a letter, giving his own version of the affair, they would perhaps insert it. Mr, Cleary gave his own version of the affair, saying that there had been a row and gambling, but he had endeavoured to stop it. Some person was ejected, and a kind of fight ensued, but the combatants were separated. Constable Eddy deposed that he was near the International the morning of the 17th July, and his attention was drawn to five or six persons standing there, and Mr. Cleary asked him to arrest one of those persons for assaulting him. He refused to arrest any one, saying Mr. Cleary might proceed against him on information. The Counsel on both sides having summarised the principal features both in the case for the plaintiff and defendants, His Honor summed up in a lengthy and able speech. He pointed out the fact, that the publication was admitted, and that, as far as the article was concerned, it would speak for itself. It was for them to judge to what extent it was libellous and if so, what damages the plaintiff was entitled to. He then went minutely into the law of libel, the exhibition of malice or otherwise, and the regulation of damages, in accordance with the injury to a man's character or trade. He pointed out the liability of trade to be injured, more especially by anything appearing in a public point. He then went minutely over each clause of the article alleged to have contained the libel, and generally was of opinion, that a fair reading of such action , would undoubtedly cause it to apply to Cleary. It was for the jury to determine, to what extent such I publication might injure Cleary, and to give according to their opinion, a justifiable amount of damages ; pointing out at the same time, that the fact of the counsel for the defendants admitting that a mistake had been made, should stand as a mitiga- tion to some extent as far as such damages were concerned. The jury retired, and after a very short absence, returned into court, with a verdict for plaintiff ; damages 40s. His Honour certified for costs. Williams v. Williams. - In this case James Williams, of Torquay, prayed for a dissolution of marriage from his wife, Mary, Ann Williams, on the grounds of adultery. David O'Keefe being the co-respondent. The petitioner, was married on the 3rd of October, 1853, and lived with his wife till 12th December, 1871. The adultery charged was alleged to have been committed with David O'Keefe, both at Perth, Tasmania, and at Sandhurst, Victoria, between the 8th May, 1871, and the 11th of June, 1874. The petitioner's case was fully proved, and the decree for dissolution of marriage was granted as prayed for.. Field v. Symmons. , ? This was a case of assault set down for the assessments of damages. Owing to absence from the country of the defendant the case was postponed till next sittings Nofturna!. Felicity An elderly American gentleman tims feelingly alludes to the peculiar habits of a quadruped belonging to -a neighbour : -*' My neighbour keeps a dog-my nearest Highborn. Other neighbours keep their dogs, but it is this neighbour- and this dog I speak of. The neighbour is all right kind hearted, votes my ticket, and his wife borrows tea and coffee of my wife ; but this dog is gradually killing me. During the day, when I am down town, the beast sports about around like an innocent lamb, or lies in the shade and sloops and ii teams. But as soon as I retire to bed that dog commences operations. My neighbour and his wife are old and deaf, and they have no idea of what their dog does. I make it a rule to go to bed precisely at 9 o'clock, unless the President of the United States or some of his Cabinet officers are stopping at my house. At just five minutes after i), when he knows that I have got the sheet over me, that canine sits down in front of my gate. He wriggles and twists until he gets firmly imbedded in position, and then he opens his mouth, sucks in a rug breath and yells, " Oh ! hoe ! hoe ! hoe !" It fetches me on end in an instant. There is such a ' graveyard shriek to his voice that my hair stands up for a moment, and I think of ghosts rambling through deserted halls. In about 30 seconds the ] canine opens his mouth again. On 1 whoop 1 line ! had her !" At this I get out of bed, seized a stick of wood, and open the door to mash him. He calmly gazes at me while I draw back to throw, and when the stick strikes the ground a road to the left of him, he utters a quiet chuckle. However, when he soon more wood coming, he saunters off in a careless manner, and I go back to bed hoping for peace. In about 15 minutes that brute comes through a hole in the fence, plants himself Hillier the bedroom window, and setting all ready, he bowls-" He too ! hoop General Jackson's dead ! " I throw up my window and shout at him to get out, go home, vanish, dry up, but he sits there and calmly contemplates my nightcap, until I begin to shoot at him with the revolver. Then he walks round the comer of the house and Htaiids there, knowing that no revolver can shoot on a circle. My wife begins to interfere about this time, and T haul in the revolver, close the window, and swear by the horn spoon that not another sun shall ever set on that dog in life. At midnight he howls again-at 1st- 5, and then he returns home with the consciousness of having done his duty. I have thrown him poisoned meat, paid boys to lay for him, and wasted cords of wood and winner of powder myself, but he grows fat and live fowl grows worse I spoke to my neighbour, but he replied that " it was hard times for money" and I got discouraged. My wife says: "Patience, dear," but I won't have pationco-no, hang me if I will ! It is now half-past 8 o'clock, and between this and 111 will be a dead man, or I will hurl that dog into eternity. i 