THE NATURALIST. FUfTGL It wonld be difficult to believe that , to much of ihternt could be eaid respecting this , comparatively uninviting family ■, of pUntsaa fs collected in the little book re oently contributed on the eubje<jtbyDr. M. C. Cooke'to the valuable. International Scientific Series published by Henfy S, King endpo.,This oUss of plaids has uutil re cently had far lees attentionpaid to it than hi given to rimtot any other of the more brilliant graceful, and uBeful groups of the great vegetable kingdom.' Bat it has also much of interest to offer to the intelligent 'ingniser .into nature.' It has, moreover, mach elaimto notice on the ground of utility. In most countries fongi contribute in some degree to the diet of the people, and also supply delicate and piqunt flavourings to the board of the epicure. Their utility tu this reeptct i^ however, visry much les eened t^rthe fact^tfaat the^hold,- as a , . , . r,cugh aeveml <ffiaracteris£csi'of tbeseare so eimulated by cffienriw bFl>pieonous kinds as to occasion a sense of danger in connexion with their nee,, Butthm pnly showsno^ d«Siable u is that "* i AfitiiiDM'duttittttiQf ftottaDy useful that the advantaee obtainable from their use jfat $Xt^th<mt*he dw^back of a Indeed of much disastrous cou t3ae development of " -pat often found erioM alMiM eeae.thn--* "tof eiefitiy qpokeniof .a; rtoeot-esgghiMSfl ''■nairengerjiof nature,", jtavtoeftoibaroi' wt> havoupper notice ■ d j. >??<■* w ii< ^"mwxip j -jrit ^ ^ P^^i»Jwgi,dlfiWBPon . id to .tea.pmtmm dMaft>awopi^8Bff fir? H^^kmrnris °* ****** life to the support of. ane w generation, and outeuqg lUtotonliciit !hI i nnfflmilntVm withtSCl^^ worlMm. old stomps, Kk wSh tte'&iT;^dirUiato1^ > wbich dMntopadon ia befog carried on. Thej^^r«^tew<m»tideto»pil^a» raomBb,.tings and .totting*-from his.trees Shitosre useless to him, bat which have 1 derived mucbfrom thesoil on which they Hoptbhed. Shorty fungi make th«rr i^. pe&ranoe; in speoies almost innuomtw, sending their, subtle threads of mycelium deep into the tissues of.the woody sub stance, and (he whole, mass teems withnew nfe., In this metamorphosis as theifongf flourish so the twigs decay, for the new life i« supported at the expense of the oldt and together the destroyers and their victims re* turn as useful constituents to the soil from Whence they, were derived, and form fresh Kbulum for a succeeding season of green ives and sweet flowers.' i Bnt fungi often exert their destructive pjowera in a highly inconvenient way. There is toe diT -not toe smut, bunt, toe potato disease which has effected such neat social and political changes, the moulds: arid mil* dews which infest vines, hope.fruit ttoes, (dives, and many other'species, i There is reason to believe that fungi by their ds* structive effects sometimes exert- an appre ciable influence on the growth and distri bution even of forest trees. Some kinds of flowers suffer severely from their ravages. Roses especially have to oontend against several distinct kinds of mould. Lately "the whole of toe choicest hollyhocks have been threatened with destruction by a mer cjleas foe in Puctinia maivaeeartan. . This fungus was first made known to toe world as an inhabitant of South America many years ego. It seems next to have come into notoriety in toe Australian colonies. Then two or three yean ago we hear of it for too first tone on' the continent of Europe, and last year for toe first time in any threatening form in our own islands. During the present year its ravages are spreading, until all ad mirers of hollyhocks begin to feel alarm lest' it should entirely exterminate the holly* hpck from cultivation." The book before us aims to point out how many kinds of edible fungi are neglected in Great Britain merely from the inflnenoe of ignorance and prejudice. As most readers know, there isat home a Fungus Association, which has taken up the task of dispelling much of this prejudice, and toe gastronomic exploits it performs in the due season of the year annually afford matter of interest com bined with amusement. It appears that many kinds of fungi are utilised, on the con tinent of Europe that are allowed to go to waste in England. Possibly toe modifies tions effected by climate have something to do with this. The poisonous fly agaric, used in England sometimes as a fly poison, and known to have caused many cases of poisoning, is eaten in Russia. It is said that the Russians " pay considerable attention to the mode of cooking-and add a large amount of salt and vinegar, both of which, -with long boiling, must be powerful agents in counter .acting the poison (probably somewhat Vola tile) of such fungi as the fly agaric." In con nexion with this it may be interesting to re peat a recipe given by a French author tor rendering any poisonous fungus edible. It Js as follows:—"For each pound of mush* rooms, cut into moderately small pieces, take a quart of water acidulated with two or three spoonfuls of vinegar, or two spoonfuls of bay salt. Leave the mushrooms to ma cerate in the liquid for two hours, then wash them vrith plenty of water; this done, pat them in cold water, and make them boiL After a quarter or half hour's boiling take them off and wash them, then drain and pre* para ttiem ermer as a special wan, or use them for seasoning In the same manner as < other species." The most remarkable of the - outward phenomena of fungi is their occasional i luminosity. ,Every one has at times re marked the pale green shining light of rotten wood penetrated with the mycelium of' fungi. The phosphorescence of the olive; aganc of the South of Europe is well known, and has been carefully observed. But it is n some tropical countries that the phospho rescence of fungi fa most noticable., An agaric which grows in Brazil on the decaying • fronds of a palm, is found at night to emit a bright light somewhat similar to (hat of the larger fire-fliCs, having a pale greenish hue. The same, or a kindred kind of fungus, lights up the woods at Borneo at night Dr. Cuthberc Collingwood says of this phenome non; "The nightbeing dark, the fungi could be very distinctly seen, though not at any great distance, shining with a soft Pale greenish light. Here ana there spots of much more intense light were visible, and threw proved to be young and minute specimens. The older specimens may more properly be. de scribed as possessing a greenish luminary glow, like the glow of tire electric discharge, i which, however, was quite sufficient to de fine its shape, and. when closely examined. : the chief details of its form and appearance." Some Australian agarics also axe1 highly luminous, andwe are told of one at Swan River which when "laid on a newspaper emitted by night a phosphorescent right, enabling persons to ead. the words around it. and it continued to do so for several1 nights, with gradually decreasing intenfcityas Replant dnedup." The work gives some interesting par ticulaa respecting the cultivation of mush rooms, which our BpaoewfllhQt aUowusfeo quota at any length. We may refer to the1 subterranean mushroom vaults whlchsupjdy this edible in aucfa large quantities to Baas. We «re told dcavas which send asuanyjtt 3,0001b. weight erf mtuhrooms to Psxis daffy. One man at FrtoUoi hu lfi iitilto of mush room beds to n great oevs, and another it Miry baa over 21 miles, Thetemp^tore of to^m^oonrls^c^e STall stationstrf ofthe year, bat thebreftaropeerWgatiiiuad in the Winter. Direction! are given by fcrf.1 lowibgjwhlch ^ culfc^e^ ^tmMhcoomjrhc oonotmingthe truffle trade-of-wblohweare told thatn the value of truffles ie to great in Italy ' that piscauttons eis taken' against truffle poaohers, mtach h.fin same#ay m against poachers in England. They train their dog»Mskilfalto1iiat| while they stand on the ontaidaof th* truffle grounds, the dogs go in ^ fond.. Though thus romutitaaesat the species, the? bring oat tooseontowhidtstbof msikstvuas." ■' 