Clark on the Tovjj. of Loadoa. The ev. Charles. Clark gave his second entertainment, a lecture on the Tower of London, in the School of Arts, Weit Maitland, on Wednetdiy evening. There wai a highly respectable and very numerous audience, and the leoturer was listened to with great attention and interest, and was frequently applauded The various scenes were depleted with a vividness that almost made tha listeners imagine they were prêtent and taking part in them, and not listening to events which had happened hundreds of yean before. The rev. lecturer opened hil lecture by referring to the deep impression mide ou the mind by a inrvey of the monument! of the past, particularly those which were connected with the battle grounds of their liberties. They airo iteod eut as a record of the faot whether the nation! wera growing in prosperity or declining into decrepi- tude. As time passed on, leaving them alone and desolate, they appealed to sensitive hearts. His nature wai very low whose heart never warmed when he surveyed the monuments of the battle fields of the put. As the Coliseum toll of the deeay of the Roman Empire in the weeds growing within it, and the silence which reigned in the plaoe where the cry was heard of " The Christian! to the lions," to a light of the Tower of London carried the hearts of Englishman back through the cen- turies of the past, and to the different uses which it fulfilled as a fortress, palace and prison. About balf a mile below London Bridge, the Tower was situated on what was once a bluff, and it was called officially " Her Majesty's Tower ;" but was known to the generality of Englishmen as the Tower of London. It wai one of the most ancient in England, and waa believed to reach back to the time of Caesar ; in feet one of the towers was called to this day, Cteiar't Tower. Traces of a Roman wall were also found in the moat round it. Ssxon writers spoke of it, io there must have been a tower there in their time. The present building waa first com- menced in the time of William the Conquer«, and bas been contiuually added to by different monarohs. It covered twelve acrei of ground, and was divided into two unequal parts,-by au outer and an inner wall. The lecturer then pro- ceeded to describe the different ohamben and towers: in the inner wall wera Catar'i tower, the King's private chamber, and the King's private block. In the outer wall, that faoing tbe river were what was known as the Watergate, St Thomas' gate, and the Traitera' gate. The oil »ens of London held that they were entitled to visit the Tower at any time ; but though tenacious of their rights, they took into con- sideration the proprieties of the occasion, and therefore met in solemn eonolave, and sent a deputation to ask the keys of the king, while a party of volunteer loldieri took possession of the outer walls. The rev. lecturer, then, in a humorous manner, related some of the quaint regulations which were strictly enforoed on such occasions. From the time of Henry III. the Tower bad been alternately the magnifiaient home and the prison of all the tovereigot, and many nobles had passed under the ponderous hinges of the Traitors gate who bad been compelled to languish in tbe dungeons as viotims of treachery, fanaticism, and tyrannic power. Criminal and innocent were alike im- prisoned in its dungeons, the walli of which were still inscribed with sentences which were the groaniogi of intelligent and vigorous lives, ¡young and brilliant spirits, which bad been oruibed unto death. The leoturer than de- scribed the opposition of the sitiaras of Landon to the efforts of Henry III to fortify the Tower v by the erection of the Water Gate, and ita col lapse on two occasions into the river, both occurring on the self-same night in the year, and also the statement of a priest that be saw an apparition of a bishop in full canonicals, which was put down as the ghost of St Thoms! a'Beokett. The king waa not frightened by thia story, but set to work again, and the gate was built so well that now after the lapse of 600 years, it was as firm as the ground on which it was ereoted. He next re- ferred to tbe imprisonment of the Bishop of Durham by Henry, who considered that he bad not paid in all the taxes colleoted as the Chan- cellor of the Exohequer. Hit imprisonment and escape were also related in a humorous1 - manner, and also the failure of Hil Royal Highness Prince Griffin to escape some fifty or sixty yesrs after, being killed in the fall. The imprisonment of Roger Mortimer wai next touched upon, and the interviews between him and the Queen of Henry II.-and his esoipo with the Que<m and tbeir arrival in France, to which place she followed bim. The leoturer raoomuiended his hearers if ever they found tbems-lves in gaol to fall in love with the gaoler's wife, when tbeir escape would be easy enough. The next royal personage whose im- prisonment was touched upon was Prince Charlea of Orleans, who had come into the power of the English at the battle of Agincourt, when be was taken to London and-a ransom of 300,000 crowns placed upon his head, remain- ing five-and-tweoty years before the money au raited. Sbakspeare bad filled the tower with different personages. - He presented te ifîtMe Gloucester in the Council Chamber and la »".:_ other parts, and had thrown a halo of romaica round the Tower. Tbe lecturer then reeited Clarence'! Dream, from Shakspeare'a " Riohard III," amidst a great silence, and was loudly applauded at its conclusion. After the con- clusion of tbe Wars of the Roses, and when Henry VUE. was firmly seated on the throne, it was only pri-oners of state who were in- carcerated in tbe Tower. The ouse of Dr. John Fisher, Bishop of Rochester and Cardinal of Rome, was dwelt upon, whose imprisonment resulted from the protest he raised against the divorce of Catherine of Arragon. The Cardinal was eighty-four years of age when sent to the Tower, be was in- prisoned in the Belfry Tower, and suffered a great deal from the fogs of the river. He never lost his good humour and pleasant manner, and the lecturer related an interview between bim and the oook whom he rated soundly for not sending up his dinner on a day when it wai reported he was to be. executed. The imptisonment and death of Sir Thomas More, the cleverest lawyer, chancellor of the kingdom, and the most learned man of the age, «as referred to The lecturer related the interview between him and bis daughter Margaret on bis way to the scaffold, as related by herself, and the acoount of his exeomion by Fronde His last words were, after having signed for a moment's respite to remove hil long flowing beard off tbe block, be said-" It - ia a pity to cut that, it has never committed * treason " With referenoe to those who suffered w death in the time of Edward VI be did not intend to dwell, they knew the price of treason, and they paid it; but tbeir intenst in Lady Jane Grey wet not mil plaoed, and tbeir sympathy mu.t be awakeued at the contentions of her life, and at the bloody death with wbioh her spotless life wts dosed. He ' contrasted the conduct of the Duke of Northumberland, and his oringing application for life at the expense of his companions, with. that of his chief victim, Lady Jane Groy.' The lectarer related tbe incidents of her deatb, as also those of the other mentioned above, with a pathos that produced a very powerful effect on the audience. The deaths of Cran mer, Ridley, and Latimer were next touched upon, and the recantatiun of Cianmer, which be with- drew on finding that it was the debasing of the oause which was sought. The leoturer did not go into the dogmatic difference between tha different parties, but urged that similar deeds were committed by both parties, and that intolerance was the same under whatever name it existed Tbey must pity suoh men as Sir Thomas More, who find themselves compelled for eonscienoe sake to act in opposition to the state of the age, and striving to do what w11 right, despite all results. Tbey admired a generous oourage and self sacrifice equally in an enemy as in a friend. The reign of Eliza- beth was next touched upon Though not marked with the same excesses as during the life of her predecessors, and though it was the boast of Englishmen that during the first twelve yean of her rein no one was put to death for political, offences, several notable persons vere shut, up ia the Tower. The most eminent waa Sir Walter Raleigh. The lecturer dwelt for some time upon the character of Sir Walter Raleigh, his appearance, exploits, and the cause of his imprisonment. He ex- pressed his opinion that Sir Walter and hil wife were the parties whom Shakapeare had in view when writing the love scenes betweenx Othello and Desdemona. He laid upon King **>' James the first of Kogland and sixth of Scot- * laud the eternal infamy of Sir Walter Raleigh's ' murder fur the purpose of pleasing the King of Spain. Sir Walter's demeanour on the scaffold wai depicted in most impressive termi With reference to tbe Gunpowder plot, he contended that it was not what King James wanted to lead the publio to believe. Though the lix leading men were Catholic, he contended that it was not a plot concocted in Rome. Ha ex i pressed his opinion that if the plot had sue eeeded, James would have been canonised ta - a sort of Protestant saint, and that the Catholic Emancipation Act, by which suoh tardy justice waa meted out to the Catbolioa, would not bare been passed to the present day. He next de- scribed the attempt made by Colonel Blood and Hunt to steal the Crown jewels, an attempt to which the leoturer expressed his belief King Charles was a party ; and he said he founded bis opinion on the fact that Blood, for stealing the jewels was given ¿£500 a year to live upon, while the old man who was nearly killed in protecting them received annote for £200, and hil eon, who waa the person who prevented the carrying out of the theft, a note on the Exche- quer for £100, which notes they oould not get oashed. He next referred to the events in the reign of George I., the rebellion of Scottish noble« men in 1715, and the imprisonment and escape of the Earl of Nithsdale, which wu ac- complished by the exertions of bia wife the Countess of Nithsdale. In concluding he drew the attention of tbejgjfs^idieDce to the various scenes the Tower of London brought to their re- membrance from the time of Julius Caesar, till the rise of the British House ot Commons, and remarkrd that it was one of those scenes whioh once visited remained impressed on the memory for ever. He drew a comparison of the Tower of the present day to what it was in the past. The axe and the block now only excited the curiosity of the visitors, and on holidays the the voices of ohildren rang in chambers wbioh the vizored headsman onoe oceupied. And when they were driven forth by the tall yeoman of the guard dressed in the same costume as in the time of Henry VIII., on paning the gate they were at once under the care of the modern protector of the publio dressed ia blue. Thus the old and new mingled to- gether. As it was the boast in the reign ot Elizabeth that no one bad been put to death for political offences during the first twelve yean of her reign, so it might be the boast of tbem in the present day that no person had suffered deith for a political offence during the thirty eight yesra of the reign of Yiotoria. The lec- ture waa dosed with a recital of some lines from Tennyson which he said took the form of a prediction, and urged them all to aid on the - Utopia which was shadowed forth. The lecturer was repeatedly applauded during the lecture, and at its close. The ltcture oo copied about an hour and three quarters, in its delivery, during the whole of w loh time the attention of the listeners was (netted on the lecturer. Walking as an Exercise- 1. Every muscle, remarks Dr Bowditch, io the Sanitary Record, in the body, is gently and uniformly brought into action by the swing of the legs and arms, and consequently of the trunk, in a vertical direction The undulations made by tbe head, chest, and abdomen in a vertical plane are thus not only according to " Hogarth's line of beauty," but also in that tending to perfeothealtb. Every internal organ is gently stimulated to more robust totion. The circulation goea more freely and uniformly. 2 Never, in a oommon walk, does a person breathe twice the same air, because he is constantly changing his position. This faot alone is of incalculable advantage. Som« writers oontend that the re-breatbiog of air once partially used is one of the most fertile causes of consumption. The most favourable time for walking ia undoubtedly about mid-day in winter, and in the morning and towards evening ia the ?UBtser. 