SECOND DAY.—Thobsday, Mat 20. 'Nothing could exceed the good fortune that has hitherto fallen to the lot of the patrons of this clnb, and the expresaion that " we were again favoured with fine weather and capital sport" is used with such frequency as to almost warrant the printers keeping the type permanently set up. We met to-day at Wallace's paddock, and ran 22 courses, the majority of which were well contested, and all in view of ike spectators. There was not such a large attendance as the brilliant weather and the character of the sport' deserved, hut it is gratifying to chronicle the perfect success that haB. up to the present attended the meeting. The question whether the hares would ever use the " homes" has been now definitely settled, as several made tracks for- them, and two actually gained their friendly shelter, much to the gratifica tion of those gentlemen who were instru mental in having them put down. Punctually at 9 o'clock we commenced the first ties. Rip Van Winkle and Troubadour raced neck and neck to a good hare, which bent in favour of the latter, but Rip, changing sides, soon got on terms; and on going out of eight had a bit the best of it* which 1 under stood he retained to the end of a moderate spin. Helter Skelter and Oh My were a long time in the Blips before a hare was started; when let go Oh My had a good start through Helter Skelter unsighting, but though he raced up to he never could draw clear of Mr. Wood's dog, who won a rather unsatis factory trial, the hare escaping to a home on the hilL Ebor, on the outside, went round Gipsey for first turn, and running exceedingly well he had it all his own way in the early part of the course, but Mr. Clark's puppy, running gamely and workingdeverly,managed to rub out the points against her, and won her trial capitally. Happy Lass led from the slips, but stumbling in the run up, Mischief got alongside her, but Mr. Wagner's slut, running smartly, got the turn about a length in front and throughout a smartly-run trial turned the tables upon the Gold Cup winner, and wound up a well-run course with a kill of merit. Bunyip ran round Inverness, and never allowed him an opening, Mr. Henty's dog being unable either to pace or work with the Ballarat re presentative. Hamlet got badly away froin the slips, Ripple, who went a rare pace, gaining a great advantage, but rushing his game, he feu badly, and Mr. Beckwith's dog getting well in, won a good triaL Bismarck being favoured, went some three .lengths in front of Lucy for the turn, but falling, he allowed the latter to get well placed, and Mr. Lempriere's Bint won her course easily. His Ma jesty drew clear of Typo for first turn, but, falling badly, Mr. Nolan's dog got possession, j and although His Majesty persevered most gamely, he never seemed to recover from the effects of Ms tumble, Typo leaving off a good winner; the hare getting " home." Charon raced away from Margery Daw, and rarely permitted her to score, and in a course of good length after a fast hare, left off an easy winner. Macduff, although favoured by the hare, could not pace with Scrap, who went in rate form, and won her course most unmistakably. Neville had little difficulty in disposing of Quasdovitch, who was well beaten in a good triaL Little Fraud ran round Claverhouse in good style, and never gave the black the ghost of a chance. Miss Louey rattled up to her hare three lengths in front of Woodman, and, serving herself, had any number of points in hand before the latter got placed; the dog wrenched a few times on the rise, but Miss Louey had too much pace, and won welL Tickler and The Pharisee went a cracker from the slips, and dusting their Mure about in splendid fashion, Bbe quickly fell a victim to Mr. TuRy's dog, who killed too soon, and lost the course. Horatio had all the early points in a long course, hut Mr. Greene's slut, staying well managed to get the verdict, as I understand she was very busy at the finish. Mermaid was soundly beaten Mr Deerfoot, who ran in capital form. Second Ties.—Oh My had the foot of Rip Van Winkle, and running stontly, had little difficulty in gaining the fiat. Gipsey beat Happy Lass from start to finish, bringing her bare to grief in capital fashion. Mr. Wagner's slut did not run this course in any thing like her old form. Hamlet and Bunyip ran an undecided, killing their hare in no time. In running off Bunyip had much the best, and won. Lucy-went wide from the slips, but ne˚ the hare she got to work, and beat Typo in a good course, From a bad slip Charon got three lengths' advantage, Which he retained, and driving puss smartly he never allowed Scrap an opening, and Mr. Wagner's dog won a splendid trial Neville was - too; fast for Little^ Fraud, who ran very slack, for when inext her hare she oouldnever score, and tbey went to cover,;41 toe/' ^'two/^ " three." This was the last course ran. Hazes during the fore noon were exceedingly scarce, and a great deal ofgronnd was. beaten for the 20 odd trials, the laat twobeingrun in the paddock on the opposite Bide of the railway. The day's proceedings > passed off uncom monly well < Lbeard.litHe or no grumbling either at judge, slipper, or the management Mi-.. Clarke, with' his usual liberality, had pro vided «' capital luncheon, to which it' is needleBS to say. ample justice was done. 