Anvil Creek and Greta. (FOa o? o CounEsPONDENT.) ANOTHIER DOCTOR'S meeting of the miners and others of Anvil Creek and Greta was held at Gehatly's Greta Inn, on Thursday evening last. It may be recollected that a similar meeting was held on the Thursday evening before, and that Dr. Ewington, a Sydney gentleman, was elected medical officer for the combined collieries. It now turns out that gentleman intends taking up his residence in Maitland, but would ride to us when required. W.e, however, do not require him to do so, and since he could not reside on the ground, we do not require him at all,--at least the nmeeting held on the last Thursday evening came to this conclusion. After the rejection of Dr. Ewington's proposal, a proposition was submitted from Dr. J. Pierce, of WYest Mait land, that he would undertake to furnish us with a legally qualified medical practitioner to reside on the ground, and that in the event of his assistant requiring any extra medical ad vice he would come himself when sent for. Dr. Pierce will also give advice at his surgery in Maitland to any person coming from Greta who brings a certificate from the doctor. This offer from Dr. Pierce seemed to meet with the approbation of the meeting, as he was, after a very short discussion, declared by the chairman (Mr Murray) duly elected. I mentioned in my report of the last doctor's meeting that a gentlkman, Mr. Barraclough, a Medical Botanist, was elected pro temrn., till the doctor's arrival. This gentleman has earned golden opinions from those he has prescribed for since he commenced business here. There has, I may fairly say without any fear of contradiction been more sickness on the ground from measles and other sources since Mr. Barraclough commenced than there has ever, been in the same period of time before, and yet Mr. Barraclough has been successful in every case. This ought to be gratifying to him and the patients he has treated; and-in- addition ought to prepossess the public mind in his favour. Mr. Barraclough, however, has not what is termed legal qualifications. What he knows he has taught himself in the college of nature, and hence he cannot hope to succeed until the public mind shall become more enlightened and men be rewarded according to their merits. Tenders are invited for the erection of an Oddfellows' Hall at Greta. The funds for the construction of the building have been raised on the share principle, and the shareholders are confined to the order of Oddfellows. The structure is to be of weatherboards, with an iron roof. The dimensions of the hall will be-length, 50 feet x 22 feet 10 inches; elevation above the rill, 26 feet. The hall will be furnished with a platform or stage 10 feet deep. The building will be lighted by three windows on each side, two in the front end, and a large fan-light over the door; and the other end of the hall and opening on the stage will be erected two large ante-rooms, suitable for a Mechanics' Institute or com mittee-rooms; these rooms will be respectively entered from the outside by a door each, and will communicate by a door each with the stage. The contract time for the ereetion of the building is three months. This hall, i' once erected, will be a great acquisition to t' Oddfellows, and a great convenience toP public generally. J.!.st t, Those few persons who kindly held out a helping hand to Mr. John Armstrong, by purchasing tickets for his contemplated lottery of an allotment of ground at Greta, are hereby informed that, in consequence of the few tickets sold, the intended lottery will not come off, but that the money will be returned to ticket holders at an early date. Mr. Armstrong has for many months been in a weak state:of health, and has been quite unfit to do any kind of work. He has now, however, sufficiently recovered to do something for himself, and has accordingly opened a billiard-saloon at Grets, where his friends cannot do better than give him a call. Considerable doubt exists in the minds of the fairer and better half of our community whether or not Mr. Higgs will place an even ing train at our disposal on the occasion of the forthcoming picnic at Newcastle. I notice in a recent issue of the Aavocate, I am reported as saying that Mr. Higgs ought to take our desolated position into consideration. Well we mean to give him a fair chance and assail him with our softest words and kindest looks and if that will not melt him why we will set the Anvil Creek ghost on him, which will speedily reduce him to as desolate a position as ourselves. It is to be hoped, however, that we will need no soft sawder about the business, as there is a mighty difference between-the number of our population this year and this time last year Mr. Higgs is, I presume, too 'hell acquainted with the progress of Greta and the railway revenue derived therefrom to hest tate to grant a convenience that will pay .so well, as an extra train will do on that occ'sion. Of course if no train is granted few persons will go, and it is impossible for us to remain in Newcastle all night with our families, and a trip along the line is just the very thing that our wives and young folks stand much in need of. A' As time wears we are beginning to feel .fo noa and more the want of railway station aoaomr-"-? modation. OOn Saturday morning last there was a very largo crowd of people collected to proceed to town by the train. The little accommodation offered by the platform was speedily monopolised by the sterner sex and'as the doors were thrown open there was a regular rush for seats. Many of the women had to climb into the carriages of the open line, a very great inconvenience to them indeed. More people went into the carriages at Greta than was in them before, and yet there is not one of the way side stations but affords - a better accommodation than ours. We are, however, only coal miners, We mahst salaam to the squatoorata before we can .hpe to gain the ear of the Government., By the way are not our representatives in Macquarie-street distinguishing themselves with a vengeance. We knew that they were sophisticated before, but now they have proven themself the very thing itself. Workingmen of Australia read the speeches of your i~r;pie sentatives in parliament on the payment of Members, and on the Eight Hours Bill. Yes, read those debates and contrast the Par: mentry and husting speeches of your re sentatirves,' and, oh I ye electors of Nfortht ' berland, rejoice in nh e-.--. -·o- - - that~i &uteer; you.and said.that your pet was little short of a fool; but lhe-cahn?viil ??Findi :- ? The man tii htgsfool for Iifmself, Good Lord, he's fair dafter than I. Yes, my friends, ;the man's madness lhath 'a method in -it. He knows the ''*difference between an eight hours day : and a twelve hour day. I suppose those rogues of iis who only work eight hours a day " have some time to look after their own .interests, and will perhaps growl if they do not got their rights; whereas those poor devils ' :-who *work twelve houms a day, will have no ,' life left in them to growl or do anything else. SAfter twelve hours labour they -won't feel much inclined to read the paper; the diurnal S.motion of the globe will bring nothing to them but one dull round of work; arid cat and sleep; their lives must be a dreamy blank, a slurggish lethargy, very little above the .working bul lock, and Mr. Stevens, with his usual correct way'of thinking, callsit contentment. 'If Mr. Stevens would permit these men to work eighteen hours per day, they must reach to the climax of perfect bliss, and if he could be prevailed upon to extend the time to the full twenty-four hours, it would certainly Smount to happy dispatch. Perhaps if Mr. Stevens tried a . few months .of those twelve hour days he :might he .the better 'of it. ' Our own peculiar choice, Mr. Burns, was ':in his proper position on those occasions ; he -.:sympathises with the working class, but: he won't.vote for them. Bat still,.we have lhis sympathies, and that should be enough for us. That gentleman said, in his. election speech, that he expected Greta in the future to be his strong hold. Well, he may. expect so, but if he continues to act as he is doing at present, it will be a long time. hence,, I am afaid, before Greta will. hold very fast to him Cameron ! my friend, Cameron I throw not your pearls before swine, or dogs I believe they like to be called. You are young yet, you can afford to bide your time. Just keep your eye on that conbummnate hypocrite who voted against your motion in the interest's of the working \- classes themselves, and in the meantime pray earnestly, pray fervently, that some divine personage may come along and cast all the devils out of iuchanan and permit tihe legion to enter into the Hounds as they once did into the pigs, that the whole pack may run full cry over the South Head into the sea and destroy themselves. .. SGreta, April 2. .. 