THE MASK, THE CAVALIER, AND THE KING. '-'?'??: ??-??« Chapter XVI. (Continued.) With which dismal view of things be crossed the street, side by side with his jaunty young friend. The watchman was still enjoying his sleep, and snoring in short, sharp snorts, when Hubert remorselessly caught him by the shoulder, and began a series of shakes, and, pokes,|and digs, and ' hallos !' and ' waketips !' while Sir Not man stood near and coatem plated the scene with a pensive eye. At last, after undergoing a severe course of this treat ment, the watchman was induced to open his eyes on this mortal life, aDd transfix the two beholders with an intensively vacant and blank stare. ' Hey V he inquired, helplessly. !*. What was you a saying of, gentlemen ) What was it?' -* ?'?? ' We weren't a saying of anything as yet,' returned Hubert , ' but we mean to shortly !' Are you quite sure you are wide awake V 1 What do you want V was the crossques tion given by way of answer. ' What: do you come bothering me forjjat such a rate all night, I want to know]' ? ? ?- '' ' Keep civil, friend, we wear swords,' said Hubert, touching with dignity the hilt of a little daggar he carried; ' we only want to ask you a few questions. First, do you see that bouse over yonder'?' ' , ' 0 ! I see it !', said the man, gruffly ; ' I'm not blind !' ' Well, who was the last person you saw coma out of that house 1' 'I don't know who they was!' still more gruffly. ' I ain't got the pleasure of their ac quaintance !' ' Did you see a young lady come out of it lately V ' Did I see a young lady ?' burst out the watchman, in a high tone of aggrieved expostu lation. ' How many more times this blessed night am I to be asked about that young lady) First and foremost, there comes two young men, which this here is one of them, and they takes out the young lady and baa her hauled away in the dead-cart ; then comes along another, as wants to know all the parti culars ; and by the time he gets properly away somebody else coraos nnd brings her back like a drowned rat. Then all sorts of people goes in an out, till I get tired looking at them, and then fall asleep ; and before I've been in that condition above a minute, you two comes punching me and wakiug me up up to ask questions about her ! I winh that young lady was in Jericho, I do !' said the watchman, with a smothered growl. ? Come, come, my man !' said Hubert, slap ping him soothingly on tbe nhoulder. ' Don't be savage, if you can help it ! This gentle man bas a gold coin in one of his pockets I know, and it will fall to you, if you keep quiet and answer decently. Tell me bow many have been in that house since tho young lady was brought back like a drowned rat ?' ' How many V said the man, meditatively, with bis eyes fixed on Sir Norman's garments, who, perceiving tbat, immediately gave him tbe. promised coiu to refresh his memory, which it did witb amazing quickness.* ' How many — ah — let me see ; there was tbe young man that brought her in and left her there, and came out again, and went away. Byand bye, he came back with another, which I think this as gave me the money is him. After a little they came, out, first the other one, then this one, and went off; and the next that went in was a tall woman in black, with a mask on ; and right behind her there came two men ; the woman iu the mask came out after awhile ; and about ten minutes after, tbe two men followed, and one of them carried something in his arms that didn't look unlike a lady with her head in a shawl. Anything wrong, Sir 1, as Sir Norman gave a violent start and caught Hubert by tbe aro.. ' Nothing ! Where did they carry her to? What did they do with her ? Go on ! go on !' 'Well,' said the watchman, eyeing the speaker curiously, ' I'm goii.g to. They went alone, down to the river, both of them, and saw a boal shove off shortly after, and that something with its head in a shawl lying aa peaceable as a lamb, with one of the two beaide it. That's all — I went to sleep about then, till you two were shaking me and waking me up.' Sir Norman and Hubert looked at each other— one between detipair and rage, tbe other with a thoughtful, half-inquiring air, as if he had some secret to tell, and was mentally questioning whether it wan safe to do so. On the whole, he seemed to come to the conclu sion that a silent tongue raaketh a wise bead, and nodding and saying, ' Thank you '* to the watchman, be passed bis arm through Sir Norman's, and drew him back to the door of Leoline's house. ' There is a light within,' he said, looking up at it ; ' how comes that?' ' I found the lamp burning when I re turned (?'-! everything undisturbed. They must have entered noiselessly, and carried bar oS without a struggle,' replied Sir Norman, weth a sort of a groan., ' ' .?-' ' Have you searched the house — searched it well?' ' Thoroughly— from top to bottom !' 'It 'seems' to me there ought to be some trace. Will you1 come back with me and look again/ ' -; ?'?'?? ?? . ':. 'It is of no u88 ; but there, is nothing else I can do ; so come along !' iu«)r ouiereu too uuuse, ana oir iMorman led the page direct to Leoline's room, where the light was. . ' ' I left her here whan I went away, and here the lamp was burning when I came back ; so it must have been from this room ahe was taken/ ? . ' '? Hubert- was gazing slowly and critically round, taking note of every thing. .' Something glistened and flashed on the floor, under the mantel, and he went over and picked it up. ' ' What have you there f asked Sir Norman, in surprise ; for the boy had started so sud denly, and flushed so violently, that it might bave astonished any one. 4 Only a shoe-buckle— a gentleman's. Do you recognise it?' ''','. Though he spoke in his nsuai:earelt» way, and half-hummed the air of one of Lord Rochester's love songs, he watched him keenly as he examined it. It was a diamond buckle,: 'exquisitely set, and of great beauty and value ; but Sir Norman knew nothing of it. ' There are initials upon it— see here !' i»id' Hubert/pointing, and still watching him with the same powerful glanoe. ' The letters C. W. ; that can't stand for Count L'lstimnge'.; . ; . ? Who thengean itfstand for ^inquired Sir Norman, lomofeat bwi fixedly, and witb far' more penetrstio^j thpiai the court ^'.psge bad given him credit fan ' $. ;am certain you know.' .^^?m -??::?:?',, .;;,; ..:?./? ,: , ftl-^nspect !'v said the boy, emphatically, ' nothing more; and if it is as I believe, I will bring tyou news of Leoline before you are two hours older.' ' 'How am 1 to know yon are not deceiving .me, and will not betray her into the power of the EVrl of Rochester — if, indeed, she be not in his power already.' 1 She ia not in it, and never will be through me! I feel an odd interest in this matter, and I will be true to you, Sir Norman — though wby I should be, I really don't know. I give you roy word of honour that I will do what I can' to find Leoline aud restore her to you; and I have never yet broken my word of honour to any man,' said Hubert, drawing himself up. ' Well, I will trust you, because I cannot do anything better,' said Sir Norman, rather dolefully ; ' biit why not let me go with you T ' No, no ! That woald never do ! I must go alone ; you must trust me implicitly. Give me your' hand upon it.' They skook hands silently, want down stairs, and stood for a moment at the door. ' You'll find me here at any hour between this and morning,' snid Sir Norman. ' Fare well now, and God speed you !' Ths boy waved liin hand in adieu, and startad oft' at a sharp pace. Sir Norman turned in the opposite direction for a short TVUin, HU UU$J1 tUB 1OVCL IU Jll« U1UUU HUU lUlUk over all that bad happened. As be went slowly along in the shadow of the houses, he suddenly tripped up over something lying in bis path, and was nearly precipitated over it. Stooping down to examine the stumbling block, it proved to be the rigid body of a man — and tbat man was Omiiston, stark and dead, with his face upturned to the calm night Bky. ? CHAPTER XVII. THE HIDDEN FACE. When Mr. Malcolm Ormiston, with bis uanal good aense and penetration, took himself off, and left Leoline and Sir Norman teteatele his steps turned as mechanically as tbe needle to the north star towards La Masque's bouse. Before it he wandered, around it Im wandered, like an uneasy ghost, lost in speculation about the bidden face, and fearfully impatient about the flight of lime. If La Masque saw him hovering aloof and unable to tear himself away, perhaps it might touch her obdurate heart, and cxuie her to shorten the dreary in terval, and summon him to her presence at once. Just then Home one opened the door, and his heart began to beat with anticipation ; , some one pronounced his name, and, going over, be saw the animated bag of bonei — otherwise his lady-love's vaHsal and porter. 1 La Masque,' began the attenuated lackey, and Ormiston'a heart nearly jumped out of his mouth, . ' says she can't have anybody hanging about her house like its shadow ; and she wants you to go away, and keep away, till the time comes she haa mentioned.' So saying.the skeleton shut the door, and Ormiston's heart went down to zero. There being nothing for it but obedience, however, he slowly and reluctantly turned away, feel ing in his bones,, that if ever he came to the bliss and ecstasy of calling La Masque Mrs. Ormidton, tbe grey mare in his stable would be by long odds the better horse. , (Jninteu tionttlly his steps turned to the water-side, and he descended the flight of stairs, deter mined to get into a boat and watch tbe illu mination from the river. Late an was the hour, the Thames seemed alive with wherries, aad barges, and their numerous lights danced along the surface like fire-flies over a marsh. A gay barge, gilded and cushioned, was going slowly past; and as he stood directly under tbe lamp, he was recognised by a gentleman within it, who leaiied over and hailed him : ? Ormiston ! I say, Ormiston !' ' Well, my Lord,' said Ormiston, reeogniz ing the handsome face and animated voice of the Earl of Rochester. half-hour 1 If not, do me the favour to take a seat here, and wacth London in flames from the river.' f With all my heart,' said Ormiston, rnnn ing down to tho water's edge, and leaping into the boat. ' With all this bustle of life around here, one would think it were noon-day in. stead of midnight.' ' The whole city is astir about these fires. Have you any idea that they will be success fun1 ? Not the least. You know, my Lord, the prediction runs that tbe plague will rage till the living are no longer able to buiy the dead.' 4 It will soon come to that,' said the earl, shuddering slightly, ' if it continues increas ing much longer as it does now daily. How do the bills of mortality run to-day V 'I have not heard. Hack! There goes St. 'Paul's tolling twelve.' 'And there goes' a flash of fire— the first among many. Look, look ! How they spring up into the black darkness.' ' They will not do it long. Look at the sky, my Lord..' The earl gUnced up at the midnight sky, of a dull and. dingy red colour, except where black and heavy clouds were heaving like angry billows, all dingy with smoke and streaked *with bars of inflamed fiery red. ' I see ! There is a storm coming, and a heavy one ! Our worthy burghers and most worshipful Lord Mayor will see their tires ex tinguished shortly, and themselves sent home with a wet jacket.' * And for weeks, almost months, there has not fallen a drop of rain,' remarked Ormiston, gravely. ' . ; ; 'A remarkable .coincidence that, truly. There, seems to be a fatality hanging over this devoted city.! . ' ' . v . , ' I wonder your lordship remains.' The earl shrugged his shoulders insignifi cantly. ' It is not so easy leaving it as you think, Mr. Ormisten; but I am to turn my beck to it to-morrow for a brief period. Fou are aware, I suppose, that tbe court leaves before daybreak, for Oxford t ' I believe I have heard something of it — ho w long to remain ? ? \- ' Till Old Rowlle takes it into his head to come back, again,' said the earl familiarly, 'which will probably be in a week or two. Eook at the sky all blaok. and scarlet ; and look at those people— I scarcely thought there were half tbe number left alive in Lon fan.' .;, ?,?? -. .;.- . .????.?! ' Even the sick have come out to-nigh (^; said Ormiiton. :?. ' Half tbe pMkstri£eVin the city :faave lety tbe- ;bei]sy full, of , niw-born (Kope. One would think it was aicarqival' \ ''-'? \ ' , \ 'Spit is— acarnivaTof ^eatb .Ut l^hope, Ormiston/ said the earl looking at him With a light laugh, ' the pretty little white fairy we rescued from the river is not one of tbe sick parading tbe streets.' Ormiston looked grave. . . ' No, my Lord, I think she is not. T left her safe and secure.' ' ? ..?; :! :?' ' Who is she, Orraiston V coaxed tbe earl, laughingly. ' Pshaw, mau '. dont make a mountain of a mole- hill ! Tell me her name?' 1 Her name is Leoline.' 'What else ?.' ' 'Shut is just what I woull like to have some one tell me. I give you my honour, my Lord, I do not know,' The earl's face, half indignant, half incred ulous, wholly curious, made Ormistou smile. ' It is a positive fact, my Lord. I asked her her name, and she told me Leoline — a pretty title enough, but rather unsatisfac tory.' ' How long have you known her ?' ? ' To the best of my belief,' said Ormiston, musingly, ' about four hours.' ' Nonsense !' uried the earl, energetically. ' What are you telling me, Ormiston 1 You said she was an old friend.' ' I beg your pardon, my Lord ; 1 said no such thing. I told you she bad escaped from her friends, which was strictly true.' \- Then how the demon bad you the impud ence to come up and carry her off in that style ? I certainly had a better right to her than you — the right of discovery; and I shall cull upou you to deliver her up !' ? If she belonged to me I should only be too happy to oblige your lordship,' laughed Orm iston ; * but she is at present the property of Sir Norman Kingaley, and to him you must apply.' ' Ah ! His inamorata, is she ? Well, I must say his taste is excellent ; but 1 should think you ought to know her name, sines you and he are noted for being a modern Damon and Pythias.' ' Probably I should, my Lord, only Sir Norman, unfortunately, does not know it him self.' Tbe earl's countenance looked so utterly blank at this announcement that Ormiston was forced to throw in a word of explana tion. ' I mean to say, my Lord, that be has fallen in love witb her; and, judging from appear ances, I should »ay his flame is not altogether hopeless, although they have met to-night for tbe first time.' ' A rapid passion. Where have you left her, Ormistou ?' . 'In her own house, my Lord,' Ormiston replied, smiling quietly to himself. ' Where is that V ' About a dozen yards from where I stood when you called rue.' ? Who are her family?' continued the earl, who seemed possessed of a devouring curio sity. ' She has none that 1 know of. I imagine Mistress Leoline is an orphan. I know there was not a living soul but ourselvek in the house I brought her to.1 ' And you left her there alone?' exclaimed tbe earl, half starting up, aa if about to order the boatoian to row back to the landing. Orraiston looked at his excited face with a glance full of quiet malice. ; 'No, my Lord, not quite; Sir Norman Kingsley was with her.' ' O 1' said the earl, smiling backjwith a look of chagrin. ? Then be will probably find out her name before be comes away. Iwonder you could give her up so easily to him, after all your trouble !' ' Smitten, my Lord V inquired Ormiston, maliciously. ' HopolesBly !' replied the earl, with a deep sigh. ' She was a perfect littlo beauty ; and if I can find her, 1 warn Sir Norman Kings ley to take care ; I bavn already sent Hubert out in search of her, and, by tbe way,' said tbe earl, witb a sudden increase of animation, ' what a wonderful resemblance she bears to Hubert — I could almost swear they were one ?nd the same!' 'The likeness is marvellous; but I should hate to take such an oath. I confess I am somewhat curious myself; but I stand no chance of having my curiosity gratified before to-morrow, I suppose.' ' How those fires blaze ! It is ten degreed brighter tban noon-day. Show me the house in which Leoline lives V Ormiston easily pointed it out, and showed the earl the light still burning in her window. ' It was in that room we found her first, dead of tbe plague !' 'Dead of the what?' cried the earl, aghast. ' Dead of the plague ! I'll tell your lordship how it was,' said Ormiston, who forthwith commenced and related the story of their find ing Leoline ; of the resuscitation at tbe plague pit ; of the flight from Sir Norman's bouse and of the delirious plunge into tbe river, and miraculous cure. ' A marvellous story,' commented tbe earl, much interested. 'And Leoline seems to have as many lives as a cat ! Who can she bet A princess in disguise— eh, Ormiston ? ' She looks fit to be a princess, or anything elsa ; but your lordship knows as much about her now as I do.' ' You say she was dressed as a bride. How came that?' 'Simply enough. She was to be mar ried to-night, had she not taken tbe plague instead/ . ' Married? Why I thought you told me a few minutes ago she was in love with Kings ley. It seems to me, Mr. Ormiston, your remarks are a trifle inconsistent,' said the earl in a tone of astonished displeasure. 1 Nevertheless, they are all perfectly true. Mistress Leoline was to have been martied, as I told yon ; but sbe was to have been married to please her friend*, and not herself. She had, been in the habit of watching Kingslej go past her window ; and tbe way she blushed, and went through the other little motions, con vinced me that bis course of true love will run a smooth as this glassy river runs at present' . 1 Kingsley is a lucky fellow. Will the dis carded suitor have no voice in tbe matter ; or is he such a simpleton as to give her up at a word? P Ormiston laughed. 'Ah! to be sure. What will the count sayf And judging from those things- i've heard, I should say he is violently in love with her.' ' ?????'?'.'? ? ' Count who f asked Rochester. Or has h», like his lady-love, no other bauh ?',..;- '0 no! The name.of the gentleman who wai I so nearly blessed for life and missed it, it Count I L'Eitrangel' ,, I ; The earl had been lying listlessly back only I half-intent upon his answer, as he watched thi ?? I fire; but flow he sprang sharply up, ami I stared Ormiston full in the face. I * Count what, did you say f was his eager I question, while his eyea, more eager than his fl voice, strove to read the reply before it was I repeated. I ' Count L'Estrange. You know him, my I Lord,' said Ormiston, quietly. -'.- , ? ' Ah !' said the earl, and then such a strange ' -? meaning smile went wandering about hu ft;e I ' 1 have not said that ? So his name is Count I L'Estrange.' Wei], 1 don't wonder now at I the girl's beauty.' I The earl sank back to bis former nonchal- I ant position, and fell fora moment or two into I deep musing ; and then, us if the whole thing I Btruck him in a new and ludicrous light, he I broke out into an immoderate fit of laughter. I Ormiston looked at him curiously. ? ' It is my turn to ask questionx now, my - I Lord. Who is Count L'Bstrange?' I ' I know of no such person, Onniston. I I was thinking of something else ! Was it Leo- I line who told you that was her lover's uamtT I ' No ; I beard it by mere accident from an- I other person. I am sure, if Leoline is not a I personage in disguise, be is.' i 'And why do you think so ?' | ' An inward conviction, my Lord. So yon 1 will not tell me who he it ?' I ' Have 1 not told you I know ot no such I person as Count L'Estrange ? You ought to believe me. Oh, here it comes !' This last was addressed to a great drop of rain, wbiob splashed heavily on his upturned face, followed by another and another, in quick succession. * The storm is upon us,' said the earl, sitting up and wrapping his cloak closer round him, ' and I am for Whitehall. Shall we land you, Ormiston, or take you there too ?' ' I mast land,' said Ormiston. ' I have a pressing engagement for the next half hour. Here it is in a perfect deluge ! Tbe fires will be out in five minutes.' The barge touched the stairs, and Orraiston sprang out, with 'good-night' to the earl. The rain was rushing along now in torrents, add he ran upstairs, and darted into an archway of the bridge to seek for shelter. Some one else had come there before him in search of the same thing ; for hn saw two dark figures I standing within it an he entered. I ' A sudden storui,' was Ormiston's saltita.. I tion, ' and a furious one. There go the fires I — kiss and splutter. I knew how it would I be.' I ' Then Saul and Mr. Ormiiton are among I the prophets.' I Ormiston had heard that voice before; it wag I associated in his mind with a touched hat and H shadowy cloak ; and by the fast-fading flicker fl of the firelight he saw that both were here. I Tbe speaker was Count L' Estrange; tbe fig- I tire beside him, slender and boyish, was un- I known. I * You have the advantage of me, Sir,' lie I said, affecting ignorance. ' May I ask who I you are V . I ' CerUinly. A gentleman, by courtesy and I the grace of God.' I ' And your name f I 'Count L'Estrange, at your service.' I Ormidton lifted his cap and bowed, witb a I feeling, somehow, that the count was a map in I authority. ' I Mr. Ormiston assisted in doing a good deed I to-night for a friend of mine,' said the count. I ' Will he add to that obligation by telling me 1 if be has not discovered her again and brought her baok ?' ' Do you refer to tbe fair lady in yonder house ?' ' So, she is there ? I thought so, George,' ' said .the count, addressing himself to liis companion. 'Ye«, I refur to her, the lady you saved from the river. You brought her there. ' I brought her there,' replied Ormiston. 'She is there still?' ' I presume so. I have heard nothing to the contrary.' ' And alone ?' ' She may be, now. Sir Norman Kings ley was witb her when I left her, said Or. ] miston, administering tbe fact with infinite relish. There was a moment's silence. Ormiston could not tee the count's face ; but, judging from bis own feelings, he fancied its expression must be sweet. The wild rush of the storm alone broke the silence, until the spirit again moved the count to speak. ' By what right does Sir Norman Kingsler visit her ?' he inquired in a voice betokening not the least particle of emotion. ' By the best of rights — that of her preser ver, hoping soon to be her lover.' There was another brief silence, broken only by the count in the same composed tone — ' Since the lady holds her levee so late, I too mnBt have a word with ber, when this deluge permits oae to go abroad without dan ger of drewning.' ' It shows symptoms of clearing off, alresdy,' said Ormiston, who in bis secret heart thought it would be an excellent joke to bring the ri vals face to. face in the lady's presence; 'so you will not have long to wait' To which observation the count replied not; and the three stood watching the hurry and fury of tb* storm. Gradually it cleared away ; and as tbe moon began to struggle out between the rifts in the clouds, the ceunt saw something by her pale ''lighV that Ormiston ' saw ' ' not. The latter gentleman,, standing with his back; to tbe house of Leoline, and his face towards tbat of La Masque, did not observe the rr turn M-f Sir Norman from St. Paul's, nor look aftsr him as be rode, 'away. But the count did both ; and ten minutes after, when tbe rain had entirely ceased, and the moon and stars got the. better of ,the clouds in their struggle for supremacy, he beheld La Masque flitting like a dark shadow in the same direction, and vanishing jn at Leeline's door. The same in stant7 Ormiston started to go. 'The storm ' bas entirely ceased,' he esid'. stepping out, and with the profound air of one making a new discovery, 'and w/ are likely to have fine weather for the remainder of the .night — or rather, morning. Good-night, Oouni;' . . ? \- Farewell,' said the count, as he and bis companion cams out from the shadow of the archway, and turned to follow La Masque. Ormiston, thinking the hour of waiting bsd elspeed, and feeling much more interested in the coming meeting than in Leoline or her visitor*, paid very little attention to his two «eqa*tnta|M*e. #e saw sbeia, it is true, eater Leoliue'a house ;, l^at .at the same/instant kt Kfc up bis post at La Masque's doorway, and Korotrated hii whole attention on that piece Krehiteoture. Every moment seemed like ?nek, now ; and before he had stood at bis Kfive minutes, he had worked himself into Ktfect fever of impatience. Sometimes he K inclined to knock, and seek t* Masque Ker own home ; but as often the fear of a BlIiDg rebuke paralyzed bis hand when he B|ic| it. He was so sure she was within the Em that b& never thought of looking for Keli'ewher*; and when, at the expiration of ?it teemed to him a century or two, but Bicb in reality was about a quarter of an fir, there was a soft rustling of drapery Bund him, and the sweetest of voices sounded Whit ear ; it fairly made him bound. lf«Here, again, Mr. Ormiston ! Is this tba Mb or sixth time I have found you in this Hue to-night V Hit Masque !' he cried between joy and Bprite. But surely, I was not totally un |Lcted this time V iff Perhaps not. You are waiting here for H to redeem my promise, I suppose V if Can you doubt it1? Since I knew you fit I hare desired this hour as the blind de m «'ght-' §jj Ah ; and you will find it as sweet to look |j|k upon as you have to look forward to/ jjfa La Masque, derisively. ' If you are file for yoursalf, Mr. Ormiston, you will ?jigs here, and give me back that fatal word.' llNever, Madam! And surely you would III be so pitilessly cruel as to draw back if|No ; I have promised, and I shall perform ; pi let the consequences be what they may, '0j will rest upon your owu head. You jjfe been warned and you still insist.' Hi still insist.' HfThen let us move farther over here into |j| shadow of the houses ; the moonlight ia jpreadfully bright ! SvThey moved on into the deep shadow,' and ittre wax a pulse throbbing in Ormiaton's jjpl and heart like the beating oi a muffled intm. They paused, and faced each other I^Quick, Madam !' cried Ormiston, hoarsely, HiJwhole face flushing wildly. f|Hu strange companion lifted her hand, as Kilo remove the mask, and he saw that it j||pk like an aspen. She made one motion as lltqgh about to lift it, and then recoiled, as if Kp herself, in a sort of horror. !§§My God ! What is this mas urging me |io! How .can £ ever fulfil that fatal pro i^Madam, you torture me !' said Ormiston, Mtse face showed what he felt. ' You must £|p your promise ; so do not drive me wild ||ing. Let me ? ' ? iSe took a step toward her, as if to lift the Mr himself, but she held out both her arms Keep him off. ffflo, no, do ! Come not neat- me, Malcolm Miaton ! Fated man ! Since you will rush j||our doom, look ! and let the sight blast pifit will!' Ipe unfastened her mask, raised it, and with ||5 profusion of Ion?, sweeping black hair. MjistoD did look — in much the same way, Haps, thai Zulinka looked at the Veiled Ifiphet. The next moment theie was a nble cry, and he fell headlong with a crash, ||tf a bullet bad whizzed through his heart. sit To be Continued. 