THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE; OB, y RECOLLECTIONS OF AN IRISH ' BOROUGH. By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER XVIII. ?SpMB ten days after Major Melville's visit, Giacomo being about to return home, Miss Ackland said on the Friday evening that there was one place neither he nor Madda lena had yet seen, and which they must see before Giacomo left. Eose asked what place it was. '' Oh ! never mind,' said her aunt, 'you will know ifc when we get there. I kept this for our last excursion, Giacomo, as the place is a favourite resort of mine, and I think you and Maddalena will find it interesting. So if to- morrow is fine we shall go in the forenoon and take our dinner with us.' ?? And the company 1' said Giacomo. , ' None, for this once, we will go eii qziar tette. ., 'I am very glad ; so near ,my departure, I should much prefer having only our selves.' * ' Oh ! you selfish mortal,' ; cried Eose, with a/ sudden burst of gaiety .that seemed spasmodic, '' you dont'fc want others to share your enjoyment.' 'Yes, I do, but not too many, or my en joyment will-be none at all. One or two, or even three, may be company, that is to say if they be those whose companionship is pleasant and agreeable — beyond that one finds the crowd, and companionship is lost.'1 ' He is like my father in that,' said Mad dalena ; 'my father cannot bear much peo ple about him.' 'Oh! your father is a regular hermit,' said Eose, 'as I understand him.' 'Almost— not quite,' replied Giacomo smiling, as he rose to depart ; ' my father has his company, ? I fancy, in liis own thoughts, and then he has a miniature, in a shragreen case, which he never shows to anyone, keeping it always carefully locked up. But I have seen him when he did not think I saw him, as wrapped up in the con templation of that picture as though if: were some old and dear friend. And I think it is, too. You know. Maddalenn.' 'YevS, I know.' ' Dear me,' said Eose, much interested in the mystery, 'I wonder is it the likeness of a man or a woman % Has either of you ever seen it1?' 'I once caught a glimpse — barely a glimpse of it,' said Griacomo, ' but it is so very long ago that I can scarcely remember anything more about it than that it was a lady young and fair ; childlike, I told my mother of it, at the time, and if; seemed to trouble her, so I never spoke of ifc to any one after. I think it was only of late years, however, that my father began to look at the picture again ; it seems to me now that he had put it away from his sight all the years of his married life.' Miss Ackland began to think that Sign or Malvili was a more interesting person than she had supposed him to be, but she did not think it necessary to say so, and the conver sation ended. Giacomo said ' good night' at last, and hurried away, as it was wearing late. The sun shone out next day warm and bright for the season ; early in the forenoon came Giacomo, but, early as it was, Tom Connor was at the gate with his car, and the girls were sitting on the bench in the porch, shawled and bonnetted. Nancy was just mounting the steps, after placing a well-filled basket in the well of the car. She whispered to Giacomo as she passed him in the ascent — ' Did Miss Ackland tell you that Major Melville was here while you were out drivin' that day 1' ' Yes, she just mentioned that he had called, but said no more about it.' ' I thought maybe that she didn't tell you, at all. You see I was right enough.' She passed on, bub her words did not pass from Giacomo's mind, and they rang in his ears for hours after. Miss Ackland had been watching his ap proach from the parlour window, and she quicklymadeher appearance equipped for the ride. The morning salutation being ex changed, and the beauty of the day noted: the party descended to the gate, and took their seats on the car. ' Where to, Miss Ackland 1' inquired Tom Connor as he mounted the driver's seat. Her auswer was only heard by Tom himself, who nodded intelligently, smacked his whip, gave the reins a shake, encouraged his horse with a ' Step out, Johnny,' and away they went' at a brisk trot through the narrow streets, right across the old town to the We-t Gate, then alcm-? fcho smooth turnpike road to the quiet; Yiijiwa to Tttllyallen, pawing through mk% Him «was w **« teatisHaJ &mmt; &s; I Townley Hall, and Eose. turning round to her aunt, she and Maddalena sat on the op-. posite side together, she said — ' Oh ! . then it is to Townley Hall we are going, Aunt Lydia .1' ' There, and a little farther, my dear.' '. A little farther, oh, I know now, I am so glad.' The woods around Townley Hall were rich in their many hued autumnal garb, green and gold and brown and crimson, and very tempting were the glimpses caught of the noble avenue sweeping through the demesne to the door of the stately mansion. But it. did not suit Miss Ackland's purpose to visit those sylvan scenes just then, so Townley Hall and its pleasant shades were passed, and a less inviting road taken which diverged from the high road, and ran for a con si der able distance along the brow of a bleak and barren hill than which nothing could present a greater contrast to the smiling scenes just Jeft behind. Giacomo could not help saying, ' What a cheerless road this is ; how different from anything we have seen before. Have we much more of this hind of scenery to puss through P' Miss Ackland smiled and said — ' Not much,' and they passed on. : They had reached the highest ground on the hillside, when Giacomo asked — ' Whal ruins are those?' pointing to the tops of some shattered edifices which had just become visible in a deep hollow on the left-hand side of the road. ' You shall know presently, said Miss Ackland, ' when you see them better. Look yonder,' pointing over a bleak common to the right, ' and you will see some other ruins with what is perhaps still more interesting to .you, oae of those famous round towers of which so many exist in various parts of- Ire- land.' ' And what place may that be ?' ' That is Monasterboice, an abbey of some note in early times.' '* Ate we going there %' ' No, you must be content with what you see of Mouasterboice from here. But do you see that wooded hill there right before you, rising so grandly from the level country aiound %' ' Yes, Iwas just admiring it, with the lofty tower on iis summit.' 'Well, that is the hill of Slane, a place very famous in Irish annals. It was there that St. Patrick may be said to have com menced his mission ; on that hill, on an Easter Saturday evening, he kindled the fire which has since illumined not only this country but many other parts of the earth. I will show all this to Maddalena by and by. Now, Tom,' fco the driver, ' you can remain here with the car while we go forward on foot.' Our little party then alighted, and having descended the hill, came to the bank of a, little river which there poured its limpid waters into a sorb of fissure in. the rocks. Following the course of the stream, they came to a large rock projecting forward till within a fevr yards of the river; the space between the. rock and the stream hud been once occupied by a gate-tower with an em battled wall connecting it with the rock ; of this tower some remains were still visible, and through aii arch, which was probably a fortified entrance in ancient times, a view was obtained which drew an exclamation of wonder from both the brother and sister. Nestling in the depth of the quiet, seques tered valley on the banks of the little stream, lay the scattered remains of several build ings, -evidently dati'g from very ancient times ; the sun not yet at the zenith was chining full upon the ruins, some of which were throwing their shadows westward over the long grass that grcT^ green and rank in the shelter of the ancient walls. Immedi ately in front, about the centre of the valley, stood what had once bsen an octagonal building of some architectural pretensions, and of considerable beauty still even in its mined state ; adjoining that was another oblong building with its side towards the en trance from the tower, and the shattered in terior of an upper story, with a belfry tower at the front and still in some preservation. Many other buildings in a still more ad vanced stage of ruin aud decay: lay scattered around, and the place would have seemed the very abede of silence and' co. item plation had not the charm been rudely, harshly broken by an unsightly flour-mill which you could nob help wishing some Irish Aladdin would remove to some other locality where more of the busy living world was seen, and less of the dead and silent. ' My dear Miss Ackland,' said Giacomo, after he had taken a hasty survey of the surroundings, 'I never saw any thing more solem n, more striking. What do you call ihis cljarmine pace?' ' This- is Milhioat, the Melrose of Ireland. I know you have been reading Scott's ' Lay of the Last Minstrel,' and, therefore, know what I mean by applying the term to Melli» font.' ' Whit a strange place,' said Maddalena, ' those ghosts of houses make one think of many sad things.' '? Are those ruins ecclesiastical, or what ?' said Giacomo* whose eyes still, wandered ' Monastic rather. Those broken walls and arches are all that now remain of a stately Cistercian abbey, founded here by monks sent from Clairvaux by St. Bernard himself. It was considered one of the great abbeys of Ireland, and certainly none of them is more interesting in a historical point ' of view. This octagonal building you see here was the baptistry, that one of oblong shape was St. Bernard s chapel, a crypt, aS you see, the floor being considerably lower than the surrounding earth, and this gaping aperture at the end was once a beautiful doorway, considered one of the finest in Ire land ; there are people living who remember to have seen the zig-zag moulding whieh adorned the arch. 'And what place was that above the chapel1?' ?? i really cannot say ; it appears to have been used as a dwelling, as the fireplace and recessed closets are still to be seen.' '?Indeed?' said Maddalena; oh! I should much like to go up and see it. Could one go 1' Miss Ackland smiled : ' Yes, if one is not very much afraid of breaking their bones. If you were willing to venture you could manage to climb that flight of stone steps at . the angle of the wall.' 'Would you go up?' said Maddalena to Eose, after glancing at tbd dilapidated steps. ' Yes, I would ; I have been up more than once.' ' Will you go now V said Giacomo. ' If you do,- 1 will undertake to bring you and Maddalena safe down again.' 'Humph,' said Hose, 'do you think I could not go alone ?' And, without a moment's hesitation, she began to climb the steps, seeing which her aunt uttered an ex clamation of terror. Maddalena screamed, and Giacomo bounded up after her, a3 it seemed to the imminent peril of both. But they reached the top in safety, and Rose, all flushed and breathless, turning to Giacomo, asked him why he had not staid below to assiet Maddalena. 'You Bee I don't require your aid,' said she '? But do you think I couldleave you alone exposed to danger.' 'I think you might, at all events. One person in danger is better than two. Besides, I was in no danger, though it might seem to to you I was. Well, Maddalena, will you come up now ?' 'Maddalena, somewhat encouraged, said she thought she would venture. ' In that case,' said her brother, 'I will go down for you.' And he immediately be gan to descend, Eose, from the top, charging him to be careful, for that the descent was worse than the ascent. ' I will be careful,' was the reply, ' when you wish it.' When he reached the bottom, he took his sister by the hand, and held her fast till she, half laughing, half crying, ascended the first steps, hut -as two could nnf, mount abrfflsfc, he could only keep close behind her the re mainder of the way ; Eose from above, and Miss Ackland below, warning them to mini well their steps, for that some of the 'stones might be loose. Giacomo laughed, and said ' Never fear,' but Maddalena became only the more fearful and the more agitated. Her nervous trepidation came near to be fatal to both, for when they reached the middle of the ascent she fairly lost her presence of mind, and overcome by her fears, turned. and clutched her brother by the arm ; at the same moment a stone on which she had just set her foot gave way, and she fell, dragging Giaeomo with her. A wild scream burst simultane ously from Rose and Miss Ackland ; but just then a gentleman stepped forward, and catching Maddalena in his arms, so broke the fall for Giacomo, too, that he alighted on his feet. Another gentleman now advanced to the assistance of the first, and as they seated Maddalena, pale and trembling, on a large stone, with her back resting against the front wall of the chapel, Miss Ackland and Giacomo exclaimed together — ' Major Melville, is itpossible?' 'Possible, and true, thanks to Providence.' Yes, it was, indeed, Major Melville, who, having driven out that day toMellifont with a young brother officer — the same Captain Cornell who had been his companion when Miss Ackland and Rose had first met him— little expecting to meet any acquaintances there, had reached that particular .spot just in time to save Maddalena and perhaps her brother from serious injury, at least. '? Thank- God, thank God,' ejaculated Miss . Ackland, her eyes filled with tears of joy and gratitude, 'and you, Major,' extending her hand, which he took respectfully, ' and you who came so opportunely to the rescue.' ' And you will please accept my thanks, Major Melville,' said Giacomo with manly frankness, shaking his hand ; ' how can I thank you?' ' By saying nothing about it,' said the major curtly ; ' I hope you are nothing the worse for your fall p' ' Nothing whatever ; and I am still more thankful that my sister escaped uehurfc. It would almost be the death of as* faifce? if anything had befallen bee.' * ^*'**g** ?She V}*4o* ttufcsd & t&s; gwfa ^T^S ;ir 'still sat, With her head leaning on Miss Ack * '«- land's shoulder a faint smile lighting up .her \- f ?baliid fcce, to which the delicate rose tints in ??.??? -%erB gradually returning. As he gazed a '-'-softened look stole over his. face, he approached lier, and said in a hesitating =????-? ' 'I hope you are not much hurt, Sig ; ? nora?' . v ; She started at the sound of his voice, ' raised herself, and looked up in his face with :- a strange bewilderment, at which he smiled, x-'- ^ and merely repeated his question. ??????.«? I do not feel hurt, at all,' the girl re ' :plied, in her sweet, foreign accent ; 'the ;i^: 1 Madonna reward you, sir. For me, I cannot thank you as 1 would wish— but my brother ' ' will thank you, and, some day, perhaps, my lather.' . ,J. (To be continued.) ,, imiiiiiiiirr — — — - — *» 