" -COURSING. The Grass and Poi.wa rth All-aued Stakes, for 16 all-agod greyhounds. Winuor, plate, value thirty guineas : and a silver cap, presented by the stewards. Runner.np, fifteen guineas ; two dogs, £4 each ; four dogs, £2 each. Lont Raglan beat John o' Groat Befla „ Brilliant Jupiter: < „ Duke Lucerno . „ llnmlet Klmbo ,, Arrow Lady ,, Leo 'Riot ' ,, Laura, Tbo first pair of dogs placed in tbe slips were John O'Groat and Lord ltaglan. The former led up and mced'the hare for a great distanco before he turned. Raglan then got in, and sotuo pretty exchanges took place in a long and severe ran, which oventually resulted in n victory for Lord Ruglan and a kill. Brilliant led Bella three lengths iu the run up. Jupiter led Duke up nny number of lengths, and, reaching her hare first, put in some good work, and gained too much advantage to he worked out by the Duke, who got in ouce on sufferance at tho end of the trial. Lucerne and Hamlet wero despatched front a close slip to a lino hare. The former showed great foot, loading, turning, and giving lifer opponent- not tho ghost of a show.' When the harp favored Lucerne sho gave Hamlet the go-bye, and won a long course, during which she knocked her hare about a good deal. Kimbo in a short trial led up, and was first to the lmro, which he ivrenoliod nnd turned, the hare favoring Arrow. Kimbo speedily made up tho lost ground, and going on the outside, showed that Arrow had been incorrectly- named, for ho gave hor the go- byo and knocked about tho hare very smmtly, returning himself an easy winner. Leo got the lead from tho slips from Lady, whom no Jed three lengths ,up -to the hare and scored two turns. Lady then got in, and taking undisputed possession of puss, ran her out of sight, nnd won' a pretty course, with points in band. Perhaps the best course of tho day en sued between Riot nnd Laura. Both dogs were sent away on very oven terms after a very good hare, who went straight for the hill-top among the stones. Riot got in first nnd turned, did some nice work, dustod puss about very cleverly, and, showing superior working power, wound up a one- sided griielling trial with a clover kill. The weather was all that could be desired, and, considering that the coursing took place at tho Annkics, about seventeen miles distant from Gee- long, there was a very good attendance. The only drawback to the day's sport was the scarcity of hares, there being only seven courses got through diiririg the dny._ In the enily part of the day's boating four courses took place, and- it was expected that the Stakes would bu easily finished, but owing to some strange perversity on the part of tho stewards they left the locality when they were doing vory woll, and journeyed toother paddocks where hares were not. The bnse of the big Anakie-hill was reached, and every paddock at its baso ransacked with the unsatisfactory result of one course being obtained, and dark ness setting in .the field mado for Geelong, which was reached about half-past seven o'clock, Mr. Gardiner acted as judgo, and gnvo satisfac tion to all but Mr. J. J. Bnckland, who contended thnt liis dog was unsighted in bis course with Jupiter; and the judge, on being asked to give an account of' the trial, informed tbo irate dog- owner that his nomination never had a ghost of a show in the hunt from the start. Dick Banner handled the greyhounds in his usual artistic manner, hut the management of the field alid the fourstraggliog beaters were not at all up to the mark. . To-day's trials will take place nt Rogers's paddock,- iienr Moorabool, where fnr is said to bo rathor plentiful ; and as there are but oigbt courses tb bo rUn off, it may be safely an ticipated that tbe card will be run through. 