STRAY NOTES. . (oY "TriS r.oius?in.") I am glad to see that the discussion be ween Mr Guthridge and " Civis" has suited in a definite scheme for the con ersion. of the swam pj at the cast end of c town into . local Virginia Wanter, be ng laid before the public. The thanks of e comnuinity are due to Mr Guthridge for e painstiking way in which he has en ered into details, !and should his estiumate f the cost be correct, there should be no ifliculty in. procuring sufficient funds to irry out either of the schemes offercd for cecptance. I agree in thinking that the rat propositiicn is ,impracticable in the resent conditii of.afibirs, as" the objee ion arises that, the water would cover too argo an area, and 'the flatness of the land recludes the possibility of a sufficient epth of water being obtained over the w land extending between .'.a line from arley-street to the creek and York root. The second scheme"'is" the' one ost likely to .succeed, .and if it can be oe for 1Mr Guthridge's estimate, the oncy would be wellexpended. I would, owever, suggest that the bank to confine e water on the eastern portion of the goon should comnienze on the west side f1larley-strccet, and run across to the uk of the creek above the channel, here the water flows in during aflood. f such a bank was vell puddled there ould be no danger of any escapement, the pressure on that side would be only f still water. The bank and -bye. washes the southern, end -would, however, re nire to be substantially erected, . and ,if is were done there would be no. danger f the water decreasing .during the inter als of its renewals by floods and surface rainage. It has been urged by oppo ents of the lake scheme thatthe,evapora on and percolation would be so consid able that a necessity, exists )for the ntinuous inflow of a . large stream f water; but with every respect- for e opinions of these persons .who, able to conceive any benefit, arising oum projects unconnected with personal in, are usually antagonistic to any pro sal for the general good, I would point instances in the several swamps in the cinity of the town in whih the level of e water has not altered to any appreci le extent during the past ten years. I a only hope that MDr Guthridge's ideas ay be carried'out, and that "Civiq" and mnself, backed by the picturesque-loving rtion of the community, will carry the atter out to a successful issue. I must, owever, enter my protest against the lat r part of " Civis's' last letter, in which, the benevolence of his big heart, he vocates the lake for the purpose of re aiming the young men from the billiard oms and bars of Sale. I am not a young an, but I have opportunities of judging hat their usual habits are, and the re ark might with- more fitness apply to eose amongst us who are appellated "bid am in opposition to: M1r Guthridge on is branch line to the bridge, as I feel con aced, from long consideration of the liject, that the interests of Sale would at be served hby the 'provision of a water ighway into the town. The matter is e that has been well ventilated, and ithorities have not been wanting who ave euressed decided opinions as to the asibility of the scheme. Tile action of o Council hears thet'onstruction that r Guthridge places on it, that tile mat r was put through as one of expedlienc : t 1 should imagine of very doulbtiul iedieucy. The probabilities are that SGuovernmnent will refuse the line, and e Council, having stultified itself with ference to the caqal, that will also be attainable. Tllere is one thing that ars out a remark made at the last meet g of the Council. It was said the Gov ament occasionally, gave hints to an gineer as to the report hlie should send Mir Higinbothani, when examining route of the branuch line, it is said. ex essed a very decided opinion that the ietiqu of the rivers wsnp the'proper ter nis, and disa greed with the idea of a ia. It certainly seenms singular that the giser, who sent in the late report, and 10 was present- with hlr fiiginbotham enl hoexantined thegrbuntd, saioctld now fit to turn exactly round, Sudden .lversions are always open to suspicion, l the appearance of things indicates it departmental hint. Or has Mr Higin bothamn been misrepresented ? I went to a diversion the other evening prepared ir the amusement of the public by the members of a friendly society, and though as a principle I object to benefit fraternities, the mode adopted by the society alluded to for an evening's enjoy ment is commendable, and was well carried out. Where, as I am told, every one was balloted for who gave their assistance in the first part of the evening, it would be unfair to criticise front a very high stand point; but maight I be allowed to remark that long recitations, demanding some thing more than mere intelligence for their successful rendering, are entirely out of place at entertainments of this class. One gentleman treated us to his delineation of a poem requiring a high order of culture in a professional reader to even make it pleasing, as, though splendidly written, its morbid tone is so painfully apparent, that the subject would to a certain extent un pleasantly affect any mixed audience; how much more so when improper emphasis, accompanied by ungraceful action, takes the place of expression, and the ghosts of slaughtered h's ought, I am Sure, to haunt his dreams. I hope that the hint will be taken by all those who, wishing to shine as readers, choose subjects in an inverse ratio to their elocutionary abilities. 