THE COMING STRUGGLE. to tub editor op tiik age. Sin,— If there ever was a timo when "tho peoplo" uoeded to stand firm and united against tho common enemy, that time is tho present, for thoir treacherous frionds are insidiously attack ing them at all points. As you very faithfully showed a few days ago, tho owners of property aro already prepared, by tbo introduction of a clause m tiieir leasing agreements, to compel tonauts to pay ail property, income, absentee and other taxes that may be lovicd on their proper! by Parliament. So that it is the vilest deceit to say that propertied men will bo reached by any system of taxation in thatdircction. The next thing is Air. Gillies's now Land Bill ; astreacherously-prr pared a measure as ever man had audacity t" stand sponsor for— a bill to further facilitate the robbery of tho peoplo of thoir inheritance ; that'u what it is. Next wo find Air. Coliu Campbell giving notico of a double motion of most omiiiuii ; import— an effort to gain possession of and the:: to destroy tho key with which to burst up tin large estates. Afr. Campbell's proposition is t - allow tho owners of land adjoining surreyc-i roads not ttsod by the pal, lie to purchase tl. same at a fair valuation, and, as if ho desired to bliud peoplo to the results of the proposed alion- atiou, he follows up by a suggestion thot if sucn roads should be required at any future tint j for the uso of the public they - aro to bo re-purchased at tiio same price as was paid for tbem. Sweetly innocent Air. Colin Ointpboff ! Does he suppose for a moment that i'" ever the Assembly sanctioned tho purchase o: thoso roads, tlioro would bo the ghost of a 01111000 of again proving thoy were required for piiblh convenience ? . No, Sir; while the Assembly- keeps the sole control of these roads, it keeps tiio key of the " large estate "question in its own hands. Tbo people were shamefully robbed of these toads by tbo owners of the adjoining lands, who liavo llkgaliy fenced tliem all iu, along with their freeholds. Tliey knew what thoy were doing right well, they knew it wns illegal, thov were warnod against it ; but they laughed at it all, and tturtcd to time and to iiierciring influence to legalise tho ernno they had committed. If thoxo Land robbers were now compelled to fence off every road tbey have misappropriated, as I contend tbey should do, in a fair spirit of justice, not a few of these estates would "burst up" them selves, because tliey would bo utterly useless as tboop runs, after all the four-mile, two-mile, 0110 utile, half-mile and quarter-mile sections, in which tho land wna originally sold, are fenced round with substantial fences. No, tho right tc these roads must nover be parted with, not fo: into hundred times tho value ns land, nod over tho tight to use. tliem under lease or licence must bo very warily grantod. The Assembly mado a groat blunder abroad iu permitting the shire and muiiicipnl councils of the colony — the member; of many of which are but more "squatters' nomi nees— to have any voico whatever iu the coutr. l of these roads, and though, fortunately, no liar:.' hits cotne of it, yet that most be altered, and tl.a Assembly must resume aud retain tbe sale and undivided control. of this kby to tbe position. If an act were passed at once precltiiiif ; squatters nnd landowners, who had not fenced : 1 all the surveyed roads en their estates, from re covering damages from any one trespassing on their estates, or making openings through their boundary fences for tiio purpose of gaining acces-, thereto, those mon would bo more readily brought to tbeir senses ; and I contend they bate no right to any damage, ns they have failed to put up tin- subdividing fences tbey should havoorectod. Tic compulsory croctiou of these fences would sooi make the Iqndlords find better tenants for thei . estates than sheep, cattlo or horses. Titer- would be plenty 0f homes open for people after that: and lor tho very class of people we want, fanners and small sheep- breeders of fair means. Heyond lite erection of the long-uegleetcd Icnces along tho public loads, we must, of course, hare a laud tux, and u stiff one too. but noiio of these tilings ate likely to be gained without a dissolution, and on that wo must insist. All honor, then, to tiio "stonewall opposition," for it will bo recorded iu the future histories of Australia under that mtnie, as the great -defonder of tbe rights of tho pcopio at this titne. I havo no doubt of tho sin cerity and of tho ability of its members to do all, aye, and a great deal mote than tbey promise : and I liopo every city, town, bamlot, and district in Victoria will raise its voice itt support of thoir notion ; for, let thorn ho pure as gold and strong its steel, without the support, of the pcopio, they can do little. If tiio people's voice bo raised front end to end, nnd front sttlo to side of Victoria, in favor' of their action, their patriotism will ho more deeply influenced ; they will see that thoy must go ou — that nothing can bo allowed to turn tliem from tlioir purpose. Unless they want to gain the brand or infamous treachery, tho "stone wail" must stand, and he defended to the last. The tyrauuv of wealth and the spoliation of your own domain by your traitor representatives must bo checked. Now is your time — miss it, and you tuny nover liavo tho opportunity again. A dissolution of tlm Assembly and land taxation — that is tbo busi ness of tho country to he proceeded with, nnd 110 other kusiuess should bo allowed to tako prece dence of that, let Sir James Al'Culloch snv or tea what ho will.— Yours, Stc., VICTORIAN. 