AMUSING. ON DOCTORS. / (From On Babies and Ladders,) Dogtohs are tall men with eye-glasses, and black coats, aud shiny- hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they bad just left off siuging very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a slow and deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. - They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil in their hair for the good of trade. They are much afraid of ghosts. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw the ghost of a Doctor, for the moment a Doctor dies all the otli^r ghosts gather round his ghost, aud treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show«its face to respectable people erer afterwards. Ho told oie that the reason of this is because the Doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When Doctors come into a parlour o r drawingroom they bow, aud rub one .hand over another, and smile and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, " How are we getting Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the foldB Of their shirt. After this they turn their backs - to ibe glass, and, having stretched out their armB to the full length, twist their wrist-bands a little, and smooth the back of one hand witli the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and collected, and prevents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When Doctors come into a bedroom they smile and talk about the weather, and the -price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, >and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of 'the Lancers, ; and if there is any truth in the rumour that his «ldest>>-6on has given'up his wild -habits, and is attending to his profession. ~ After this, they walk over to the sick person and say,. " Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. , Now let - us see—let us see." Then they catch hold of the person's hand, and take- out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to sleep. After n while they shut the watch-case with a loud snap, and sign faintly. as if they were waking; then look-up at-the -ceiling, and. look down at the grpund, and: make figures :with the toeB of their boots "oh the carpet. . After this they ask how often the sick person has aBked what o'clock jt ' was during : the pabt week, and if he has been seen picking his teetli wtfh a brass nail, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap- - After they. hav,e. been answered they request, the sick-person to putout-his tongue. When 'they -see the tongue they Bay ;,< H'm," very softly, and sit down with another kigh. They then inquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid or any other.poison, or if he-has. beep using terms ot affection in connection with the name of his mother-in-law,- or with the Commune, or with the Income-tax, or if he has in auy other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind Upon being answered they say "H'm" again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. - As soon as they.gefc back to -the parlour or draw-ingrboih theyaay that the sick person iB not in good health, and he mUBt be kept as quiet us possible. They, order him to.be prbvideil with, a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any. bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or anything else which would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled wordB, and draw threelegged stools, and frying-pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish ..figures upon it, and requests to have this sent to the apothecary'*. When the apothecary sees this he says, "Oh, bother!" and places it on a file. He then takes a bottle of parraffia oil, and having put a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the sick man. Tbere are a great number of Doctors in this country.' A man once told me that "if all joined hands they would reach from North Shields to'Truro. I don't believe this. For if there were so many Doctors in the country, how could half the other people live. .. The same man told me that Doctors are the safety valves of-society, for whenever society- is in danger of bursting because.of too much internal pressure the Doctors let off a proper number oft he population, and the disaster is obviated! I once went to a Doctor when I was suffering from a toothache. He said it was best to get the tooth out. I asked him to take it out for me. He immediately produced a pincers, and before I knew what he was abont he was standing a few feet away from me, with the tooih in the! pincers. I placed a sovereign on the table, and turned to leave the room, when he called after me. He Baid he could not thiuk of taking a sovereign for extracting one tooth, and as I had been so good as to give the sovereign he would not insult me by offering me any of it back, but that he would act fairly towards me, and take out two more teeth on the spot without making any additional charge. I replied that although toe pain was not gone I did not feel disposed to have any more taken out. He said he hoped I would not deny him the pleasure of doing a friendly turn for one who bad behaved so handsomely by him; and, he added, his professional .reputation would be compromised if it were knoivn he had given such bad value. After a little more I consented. He immediately pulled out the other two, and I went away. Tf>e pain, however, only increased, and after a few hou a so great did it. become that I grew almost mad. I sought another Doctor and explained my case to him. After a few minutes he gave a low whistle, and cried out, " Why, my dear sir,.you had not toothache at nil, but neuralgia, aud if you got every molar in vour mouth extracted would not give you the leaBt relief. 4 ' With' a muffler round my head and handkerchief in my mouth, Trashed back to the other Doctor. The moment I set eyes on him I shouted : " I want, rr.y teeth !" " Your teeth. What do you mean, Sir ?' "I want the teeth that you—in your ignorance—pulled out of me a few hours ago." " You can't have them. They «ire des troyed. I threw them into the fire." " Then, Sir," I cried, chaking my fist at him, " I'll have an action against you for obtaining my teeth under false pretences." " That! for your action," he yelled, snap ping his fingers in my face. I left the place and called upon an attor ney, without a moment's loss of time. But the attorney told me that I could riot take an action against the Doctor., There was no law against his taking and keeping my teetb. 'Isn't it strange that you could punish a man for taking a fourpennv handkerchief out of your pocket, and you can't punish a Doctor for taking that from which you would not part for. a thousand pounds —your teeth. -There is a saying that, " When Doctors differ patients die." A man once told me that this ie a silly saying, and that it ought to run, " When Doctors agree patie its die;" for you cannot be sure until they ora all of the one mind. A Poetical Abpeax.—A country paper exclaims:—" Lives there a man with soul so dead,- who never to himself has said,' I'll pay before I go to bed, the debt I owe the printer p Yes there are some who know full well but they, I fear will go to—Well! the place where-there's no winter." 