THE O'CONNELL CENTENARY CELEBRATION The demonstration in connexion with the centenary anni versary of the birth of Daniel O'Connell, the celebrated "Irish Liberator" took place yesterday, and was in every way an unqualified success. Not only was the demonstra- tion joined in by Irishmen of all grades of society, and from all parts of the colony, but Englishmen, Scotchmen, Australians, and all nationalities represented in this colony, assembled together in the spirit of harmony and good- fellowship to do honour to the memory of the man whom the natives of the Emerald Isle regard as one of their truest patriots, and in every respect foremost among their greatest men. It is very gratifying to be able to state that the procession, about which such gloomy forebodings were entertained as likely to cause a serious breach of the peace, passed off in the most satisfactory manner, and with- out causing the slightest expression of ill-will or bad feeling. It is evident from what took place on this occasion that the colonists of New South Wales are too liberal in their notions, and too much imbued with the spirit of order, to takoe umbrage at the fact of any section of their fellow colonîsts uniting to do honour to the memory of any one whom they may esteem ; and the whole proceedings of the day reflect credit alike upon the manner in which the demonstration waa carried out on the one hand, and upon the good feeling actuating the remaining part of the com- munity on the other hand. Altogether thr affair was a great success, and highly creditable to those who had the management of it. The procession fell in at the open space between the Dis- trict Court and St, James's Church, near Hyde Park. There had been a ballot for places at the committee meeting held on Wednesday evening, and the order of programme then adopted was strictly adhered to. The first body to move forward was the Holy Catholic Guild, including the country branches and numbering about seven to eight hundred. Next came the Labouring Men's Association, followed by the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society, These were succeeded by the Labouring Men's Union, the Seamen's Union, and the St. Francis' Temperance Society. Next came the Christian Doctrine Confraternity, the Sacred Heart Literary Society, the Goulburn detachment, and the general public. Most of the bodies mentioned above wore rosettes, in which the principal colours were green and blue—typifying Ireland and Aus- tralia. Several handsome banners were carried, with emblems and mottoes, not of a sectarian nature, but expressive of peace and goodwill towards man. Great interest xvas manifested in tho demonstration throughout tho city ; many places of business xvoro closed, And tho streets along tho line of route woro crowded with spectators. It is computed by Mr. Drill-instructor M'Garvcy that there were in tho procession and its fol- lowers not less than 12,000 persons, »nd it took them nearly two hours bofore tho wholo had entered tho Princo Alfred Park, which was tho scono of the principal. part of tho day's proceedings. Tho procession started from Hydo Park at a quarter to 11 o'clock, accompanied by no loss than five bands: the Artillery band, twelvo in number, undorMr. M'Mahon; tho Brigade band, under sorgoant Thompson, xvith thirteen performers ; tho Naval Brigado band; under Mr. Bark, with twolvo porfonnors; the Volunteer Artillery band ; and tho Young Australian band, under Mr. J. Dovlin, xvith txvelve porfonncrs. Tho lino of route adopted was along Macquarie-streot, Bridge-street, Georgo-stroot, Regent-street, and Cloveland-streot, whore they entered tho Princo Alfred Park by the Castlcrcagh-Btroot entrence, tho genoral public being admitted by tho Cloveland-srreot goto. It may bo men- tioned that the pooplo of Goulburn mode a notable item in tho procession, not less than 800 of them being present, most of whom had como down by spocial train on the pre- ceding day. All tho principal towns of tho colony-North, South, and AVcst-xvoro represented in tho demonstration. On arriving at tho cntranco to tho park, the National Anthem was played, and threo hoarty cheors wera given for tho Quoen, and threo to tho memory of O'connell. During the wholo day tho vast crowds on tho ground amused themselves in various ways, but in tho most orderly manner. Thoro were several exhibitions, Punch and Judy, and a morry-go-round, all of which were extensively patron- ized. ' Tho several bands performed in difforent parts of the grounds, and dancing was indulged in to an unlimited extent. By a wise nrmngemont of tho committeo no intoxicating drinks woro allowed to bo sold on tho grounds, and in consoquenco there was nothing but sobrioty and good order to bo seen all around. There was a large body of police in attendance throughout tho day; but, fortunately, thou- duties appeared to bo altogether of a nominal character. A series of athletic sports was got up in the afternoon, tho principnl ovents of which resulted as fol- lows:-Hurdlo race, over eight hurdles: First prize, «£3 ; second, £1 ; won by Hayes, Thompson being second, and Harper a good third. High jump : Prize, £1 ; won by English, who cleared five feet, nop, stop, and j'unip : Prize, £1 ; won by Guilfoylo, Cassidy being second. Putting the stone : Prize, £1 ; won by M'Tig-uo. Mossrs. J. Carey and J. J. Hayes noted us starters. In anticipation of tho ovent, tho committeo mndo arrango monta to havo tho lin» cleared, and sent the following tolo gram to Dublin, to be read at tho banquot to bo held there under tho presidency of the Lord Mayor of Dublin: <( From the O'connell Centenary Committee of Now South Wales to the Right Honorablo tho Lord Mayor otDublin. Sydnoy celebration a magnificent success. Monster pro- cession, comprising oil classes of community, to Exhibi- tion building. Grand Hibernian concert, and oration by Archbishop Vaughan. P.A. Jonnings, K.S.G,,chairman. Public banquet on Tuesday. Enthusiasm unprecedented. Australia joins hands with Irolnnd in doing honour to tho memory of the immortal Liberator. ' Matthew Molony, chairman ;'( J. P. Gai-van andT. M. Slattery, bon. sooro tarics.1' -. ^ The grounds were cleared towards dusk, in' ordor that preparations flight be mnde for tho evening's ontertain ment. The doors of the Exhibition Building were opened at half-past G o'olock, and a vast concourse of peoplo began at once to pour in, so that in a comparatively short space of timo tho lowor part of tho building xvas well filled ; the galleries, which woro not opened until somo timo after- wards, soon becamo crowded. On tho platform wore Archbishop Folding, Archbishop A'aughan, the Bishops of Maitland and Goulburn, Monsignor Lynch, and a large number of clergy ; his Honor Mr. Justice Faucott ; Messrs. nay, Montague, Abbott, ' M.L.As. : . Messrs. Anthony Trollope, P. A. Jonnings, Dr. Badham, J. G. O'Connor, Curtis, C. Lett, J. P. Garvan, T. M. Slattery, Mrs. Goodenough, Miss Goodenough, Madame Rißtori, Mdlle. Ristori, and many other ladies and gcntlo men. Tho programme was opened with a "grand overture on the most beautiful melodies of Ireland," by the orchestra and organ, which was succeeded by a series of songs and choruses selected from the gems of Irish melody. There was also performed a cantata written for the occasion by Professor Charles Badham, and set to music by Signor Giorza. These musical selections were rendered by Miss O'Hara, Mrs. Miles, Miss Bessie Harrison, Miss K. Slattery, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Bushelle, and a large chorus of ladies and gentlemen, and a powerful band. The various pieces were received with much enthusiasm, the performers being frequently heartily cheered. Signor Giorza acted as conductor, and Mrs. J. P. Garvan ably presided at the organ. After a few of the musical items on the programme had been given, the chairman, Mr. P. A. Jennings, came forward, and briefly introduced to the audience his Grace Archbishop Vaughan, who had kindly undertaken to deliver the oration of the evening. THE ORATION. HU Grace tho AUt-Hinsiior said that ho could not cost his eyes upon the vast and distinguished ossonibly before him, and reflect upon the greatness of the subject upon which ho had to speak, and on the high anticipations of his audience, without being profoundly moved-moved by a feeling of his own inability to do justice either to thom or to tho great hero whose thoughts possessed their minds, or oven to those interior emotions of his own spirit which ho had not the art of conveying in their fullness by means of human language. There was but one thing that sustained him on this occasion, and that w as the mighty sympathy of his audience, which like a sea of kindness and sensibility boro him upon its bosom, and encouraged him to endeavour to give expression, in the best longuogo ho was able, to those thought*, feelings, and pulsations which were silently yet intensely energizing in their midst. if ho wero only ablo faithfully to reflect their sentiments, and to present before them in living xvords that which made ovcry pulso beal quicker and ever)- eye look bright, he should fool no fear as to the result. Their sympathy would awaken chords in his spirit, and he, in return, might possibly now and then striko o new string, produco a new vibration, and send a thrill of a newer pleasure into tho ehrine of their inner hearts. But it might bo asked : now was it that he, an Englishman, of that race which for 700 years brought so much suffering upon the Buster Island how was it that he, of all others, should stand there on that evening as their chosen spokesman-as the mouthpiece of the admirers and friends of tho great Daniel O'connell '( And ho would ask in reply : How waa it that a committeo of gentlemen, tho most Irish ho might say of the Irish, should have dono lum Hie honour of send- ing a deputation to wait upon him to assure him thai-it. yvas the unanimous mill strong desire of (ho gentlemen who ' composed that committee, and of that large body which they represented, thal he should be prevailed upon to maleo the oniticn of this evening, nnd that thoy spontaneously committed the fame and mime and honour of tho "great liberator hilo his hands P' Itviasfer (his simple ' reason : rtrcauFO the great body of the people knew that he wits a Catholic, and'therefore was loyal ; that he was an English- man, and therefore prized freedom ; that he was a Catholic, and reverenced authority- ; an Englishman, and was there foio identified with liberty; because they all knew, tho people knew, that the great speciality ' of O'Connell, his note, or mark, or characteristic, was not in his intense love of liberty alone, not in his singular loyalty of spirit only, but in the fusion or combination of these two. Stamped on his soul on one side was a fair figure of "Freedom," and above it written "Authority," ; on tho other side " Liberty," and over it. inscribed in clear letters , " Loyalty." With him whatever was not thus stomped was counterfeit. No man's loyalty over waa more tried than his-no man's reverence for authority : never did man struggle as he for freedom, for liberty ; no man, no, not one, ever so expanded his being in tho presence of the fair and of the free, and yet possessed such heroical self- mastery, maintaining his obedience to law under the most galling circumstances, and manifesting his reverence for the Crown under so many bitter provocations. It was because the people know, because thoy could not help knowing, that there wero¡ four points of contact between himself and tho great O'Connell, that thoy did not hesitate ii moment in asking him to spoak on this occasion ; and it was because ho thought ho might possibly do somo little good on this occasion by dwelling on tho Liberator's greatest characteristics,' by picturing him as ho really was, that induced him to accept tho flattering invi- tation, and tOjrisk tho chance of failing in au undertaking which ho felt so many there present could havo porformoa so much better than himself. And, indeed, thoro was another motivo which prompted him to ombraco this groat opportunity of publicly, and boforo so vast an audience, ox tolling tho mighty champion of civil and roltgious liberty. It was not Ireland alono that was freed by him, but tho Catholics of England 'also were, through his indomitable, labours, lifted, from their darkness and' the shadows of donth. Tho blow yvhich broke for evor tho chains and handcuffs of the sons of Erin shivorod also, an ii' by sympathy, tho manacles of the Catholics of England-and for tho first time for three hundred years thoy stood upright and began to leam thnt they wore nien. Ana might ho not ' hero present before them all, toko this occasion of offoring lus humble heartfelt tributo to that great delivoror of his family, who mado England onco moro inhabiUiblo for mon who loved liberty as dearly as life, and the old religion moro than lifo P Yes. AVns it not through him that his fathers could onco moro return to the sunny banks of thoAVyo, to live unmolested amidst tho orchards and appletrees of Herefordshire f Did ho not remember tho nwp of his boy- hood at tho priests' hiding-place, and tho woodon statua of a hermit carved by a priest who had boen biddon away in Allen's Grovo ? Did ho not remember well tho broad ncres which had been pointed out to him as having been lost for'conscienco' snko, till at length tho old homo yvas shut up, and desolate, tho family having abandoned a position in which lifo was not worth living, preferring exile to slavery and tho loss of friends to the degradation of all thoy > valued most? " Tes, they would rather homeless room, ' AVbt-ro freeelom and their Dod may lead, Than bo the sleekest slaves at home, And subject to the tyrant's creed." If this wnsnll past now, and wo vvero rejoicing in a brighter and better dny, is that any reason why our bonofactors should bo forgot ? Shall wo'not thank thom for our present sunshine P and was it wrong of him, should ho bo judged egotistical, if ho took the opportunity of soi/.ing this groat occasion for paying his fnbuto of thankfulness to tho emancipator of English Catholics, and especially those of his own namo ? Ho did then seizo this opportunity of ac- knowledging this debt, and of declaring to the world that ho did not know of nny man of modem times, to Ioovo anoiont alone, who coflibincd in his own person such statesmanship, such mastorful oratory, and .such a profound Christian spirit as Dnniol O'Connoll of Derrynano! And if holind.no personal motive for standing as it vvero by the Liberator's sido, vvero there not overwhelming motives of a pubbo nature which would produco tho samo effect ? AVas ho apologising for the position ho occupied that evening P Far from it ; ho had rather to apologise for being so poor an exponent of so great a causo. Not only as a Catholic who had received benefit from O'Connell, but as an Englishman, ho could stand boldly forward, and identify himself with the cause which tho r'Liberator espoused, fight his battle over again, and cheer him to the echo in ovory now victory which he achieved. Ho must explain hhiisolt. In,ovory country, even that which boasts of freedom, and which on the wholo has boon guided by the most enlightened statesmanship, there havo " over been' two classes of men-despots and tyrants on one side, and the lovers of freedom and fair play on the other. England has, during tho course of her political existence, nourished and been stung by a line of despots and tyrants, whilst, at the samo time, she has produced another race of men, possessed of tho genuine spirit of liberty, and ever ready to give to others what they claimed for themselves. Now", is it according to tho English spirit of liberty to range ourselves yvith tyrants ? Is ita want of patriotism to denounco their conduct as an insult upon one's country, and ns bringing a stain on her fair name ? Whilst he shrank with horror from the pretence of such men as were his country's greatest enemies, he found himself as he parted with them thrown, as it were, in tho midst of the really great and good-with men who havo helped to gain for England tho high name she holds for tho freedom 'of her institutions, and for the spirit of fair play which she extends to her oppononts. Yes : England's greatest states^ men and orators. her wits and poets, were supporting him that evening. He felt himself in a goodly company of brilliant friends and eloquent advocates, vvhether with tho tongue or pen. He could see Pitt ready to throw out some of his exquisite sentences in favour of freedom. Fox, with his unequalled combination of passion with reason, which produces the highest oloquenco, on tho point of pouring out a stream of oratory which would make him (tho speaker) dumb for the, rest of tho evening ; whilst Wilberforce's silvery tones and inimitable manner would thrill in the ear and settle in the heart, as he would plead with a \- power, especially. his own, in favour of tho rights of man, and the freedom of tho subject. And did he not seem to seo moro than this ? Besides perceiving this platform, as it were, alivo with tho great men of old, who wielded the tongue with such magic power, ho thinks he can BOO the rough, uncouth form of Dr. Johnson, sitting down, stretching himself, nnd exclaiming against tho brutal treatment visited on the Irish peoplo ; and thoro is Sydney Smith writing away at his Peter Plimley ; and Dean Swift mending his pen with a special point to continuo his Drapier's letters, and a whole galaxy of orators, wits, and poets, of a minor class, ranged on the same side, and ready to exert all their talents in honour of tho cause which was entrusted to his hands that night. And if there aro not enough, Edmund Burke is ready to come forward at a moment's notice, to beat down, with his marvellous phi- losophy, with his supreme power of expression and breadth of reasonsing, the littleness of little men ; whilst the immortal Grattan, with tho lightning of his eloquence, with the swift, straight arrow of his sarcasm, and with the withering of his »corn, will riso from where he sleeps in the dust of Westminster to plead over again a cause which in days of old he advocated with such sur- passing enthusiasm and fire. But let this vision pass ; and whut rises in its place ? What did ho see ? Who were those men of bright eye and keen wit, and masterful power who now are filling up the spaces ? Were they his frends -friends of Ireland, of liberty and freedom ? Yes, they were tho great Irish bar ; there is Flood, with his stubborn love of country ; and Curran, the great advocate of tho oppressed; and Bushe, and Burrows, and Ball, and Saurin, and Parnell, and Plunkett, with his Demosthenic fire, and a crowd of others whom it would take too long to mention all men of mark, many men of genius, some unique in tho unmatched gifts and grace of heart, intellect, and expression. Those all were on his side, more or less supporting him, ready to die for thoir country, and exhibiting such an amount of genius, eloquence, and energy as has seldom been expended in working out the freedom of an oppressed nationality. But was it necessary to sunnnon the pnst on this occasion-to catl up the shadows of great men to givo life and a meaning to tho centenary of O'Connell? Are not millions of the living this very- ovening glorying in tho greatness of the Libera- tor ? Did he not see in spirit n great mooting 10,000 tuiles away, in Ireland's greatest city, with ouo clothed in the crimson dye of a prince of tho Catholic Church as tho centre of it, thousands of Erin's sons rejoicing in their deliverance, and in tho centenary of their deliverer ? Turn to America-is not what is being done in Dublin being repeated in New York, and under another Cardinal, a lineal descendant of Con of tho hundred battles? In- deed, is not the whole Catholic, and ho might almost say, civilised world rejoicing on this occason, and paying its tribute to him to whom tribute is so justly due ? Do not we, Mr. Chairman, you yourself decorated by the Sovereign Pontiff, the great patriaich of Australia, who graces us yvith his presence, the vcncrublo Bishops of tho hierarchy, together with all that is best and brightest in this colony, together with tho vast masses of the people do not we in this vast meeting foin) n part as it were of the great world-tribute to the Liberator, and feel our- selves to bo ono with the thousand associations of our brethren at home, in America, in the colonies, and throughout tho wot Id? Yes, wo are, indeed, a mighty demonstration ; and yet we represent but a fraction of tho one united concourse of the lovers of freedom and of freedom's heroes throughout the world. Yes, on second thoughts, he required no support from history or the dead ; ho felt himself as one or tho million voices which this day shouted to heaven for joy on account of tho achievement of tho greatest of bloodless viutorios, by tho greatest and best of Irishmen. Ho who wa» "Kerry's Pride and Minister's Glory " had expandes! the circlo of his fame till its ripplo touched every shore of freedom, till he became the prtelo of ovcry champion of liberty, the glory of ovory heart that throbbed with a freeman's blood. But ho would not have thom imagino that ho was going to allow himself to be borne away by warmth of oratory from tho clear ond scnipulous delineation of his subject. Little men might require tho adornments of rhetoric, mid the practices of hyporbolo, and the exaggerations of declama- tion to lend to Ihent somo semblance of greatness ; it might be necct-snry in their case to bo unreal and arlilicial ; but not so with tho truly great-the man of genius, whether in word, or act, or character, lives through tho innato powers yvhich ho has been endowed with, and keeps his high place boforo tho oyes of tho world through tho supremo qualities which he possosses or ¿as poseessej. His Me, Us speech, his personal clrarnctcr, not mere words and flattery, nro tho springs of hii por . mniient funie, ^ ¡And if ever there-, was n;ninn whoso- great- , I ncssef itself appealed' to tho intifllcot tit ilío cultured, and * ' to Iho passions of the penplo, that man pre-oiniiieiitly was Dnmel O'connell. Tho greatest compliment Hint could bo paul to lum-tho way to secure his lasting fame, and to display the really colossal ohoractor of hin intellect and will, \yos lo strive religiouslyto grasp bim its ho renllv was, lo hold up tho mirror to his nature, and, ¡u as far as possible, to reproduce the living man.' Ho was too great cither to require ono single flounsh of rhoteiie to ret him off, or one Bingle Btroko of the brush to l-emovo a wrinkle from his brow. No : it was not his (the speaker's) ambi- tion to be guilty Hint evening of any " wasteful and ridi- culous excess ;" ho was not going, ho could os-suro them, to occupy himself in trying ? "To Rlltl rennen Reid, to point the lily,' To throw ii pert nine on the violet ; " that is, to attribute to tho great Liberator qualities beyond those which ho possessed, or to deck him out, mid sot him before tIwni in any colours except his own. Ho xvas too great to bear flatter)-, too gonuino to require hypocrisy or point. His highest praiao is to pioturo him as ho was, neither greater nor less, neither magnifying anything nor diminishing defects. "Point mo as I am,", oxnlaimed Oliver Cromwell to young Loly, to whom ho waa sitting for his portrait, " paint mo as I am, and do not loovo out a xvrinklo or a Bear, or I will not pay you n shilling ! " It was his (the spenker's) aim to paint O^Connoll OB ho really was, and to havo impnntcd on tho minds and Imaginations of his audience a picture, clear in outlino, into in lifo, and, so far as ho was capable, by patient thought and study, of doing justice to his subject, representing a vivid likonoss of tho great Tribuno of tho people. Ho did not forgot tho great efforts made by tho greatest of Italian and French onitors to delineate tho character of O'Conuell. It would be presumption indeed to aim atrivalliug, or to protend to imitate, tho manner of Ventura or Lacordoiro ; ho was not going to enter into lists with a Chateaubriand or a Monta lembert ; but with-oll their genius there was ono advantage which he bad over all of them. Thoy stood too near tho grent subject which thoy so brilliantly depleted to bo ablo to seize it in allita colossal proportions. It ia said that it takes nhundrod years to provo a book to bo a clossio. So, surely it takes that length of time to provo whotbor a man's memory is tobo immortal or to dio. Thoso xvho stand closo to tho pyramids cannot judge of thoir fonn and outline ; they must viow them from a distanco, that thoy may gi asp thoir outline, and toko in thoir entire figure. So with Daniel'O'Connell. It is only now that ho ia taking his real place amongst tho world's horoos. Tho fog and hoz« of contemporary history has passed away, the glare and heat of passion havo cooled down; tho atmosphere is clear, and all the outlines como out in distinct and sharp relief ; and as some hugo, jutting, mountain poak rises, "w-hen all tho winds aro laid, clear againBt Iho sky, the fonn of the great Liberator comes out bold, distinct, and in ils full proportions before tho eyes of tho prosont genera- tion. Timo has but ripened and consolidated his- fanio. Years simply add laurels te his crown. Ho stands out in the x-ast distance, a mightior figure, a moro horoio form, a prender monument of moral greatness than ovon thoso thought poss-iblo xvho knew him best, and loved him ton-' witness to tho tnitli of what ho said f Soon from a ; distance little men, falso great men, fado out of sight, j whilst tho tmly great, viowod through tho door light of tentiiries, scorn to combina Bomothing of tho Divino and' ihe immortal willi thesurpossing gifts which have boon lavished on them. A hundred years this day havo passed', »ince O'connell first saw tho light ; and it is only after à"' hundred years that xyo can teat his greatness, and declare! his position, and tho perpetuity of his famo amongst tho greatest benefactors of tho human race. AVould that tho eloquent tongue of Locordairo xvoro not silont for over ! AVould that tho grent Ventura were not sleoping in tho dust ! For were thoy now, at this day, to oxort theil- genius in drawing tho character of O'con- nell, Uiey would eclipso those great offorts thoy kino bequeathed to us, and draw oven n nobler picture of tho Liberator than that M ¡u'ch they produced whilst thoy stood too close to him to pi asp his mighty gifts, too closo to depict in all their great- ness those attributes which lend te his whole character a sublime and kingly majesty. But we cannot raise tho (iend ; tongues that" have fallen into dust, tonguoa the most eloquent, voices tho most sweet, when ouco they are silent, ¡ne silent, nias! for over. A'ou must bo patient with an humbler effort, and with tho advantaged of distance and of eil cumstnnccs to make un for tho lack of gonius, and for the want of that rarest ana sublimest gift-a tonguo which is divinely eloquent. ' Now, there aro two ways in which i lie figure of a grent world-benefactor can bo brought be luie the mind: ono wo might coll the historical or bio- graphical method, and the otlior the artistic. In tho for- mt r the hero'slifcis given chronologically, beginning in tho ci-e of O'Connell, for inslanco, xvith his birth at Carheunnd following his career through all its varied incidents to his ('(nth at Genoa ; living his lifo over again with him, and in ins coiupnnx-, from boyhood to manhood; and from that to -.-Id agc. The artistic method resembles tho pointing of n picture. Had Reynolds, or Rembrandt, or Correggio to ro pieduce on canvas tho (Iguro of sonio p-oat potentate, ho w ould fill his palate with divers colours ; it would bo bril liaut with purpla and white and crimson, with bluo and brown and green ; and then ho would tako his brush and . gradually transform a cloudy outline into a glowing picture -the figure itself, telling its story-the light in the eye, (he cull on tho lip, the masses of shado and tho glowing' 1 lights,allfoiniingonelixnng,spenkingxvhol». This appeared i to bim the most effective and tolling way of recalling a. boro 1 colore tho imaginations of thopooplo. Ho had scloctcd this method in preference to the other. Ho had carefully, and , with some little troublo, gathered his colours togethor from biographies, and lectures, and recollections, and histories, and Parliameutiuy reports ; and also from those, and they wera many, who had been themselves under tho fascination ot O'ConnoU's eloquence, and bud tasted tho charm of his society. Yes, look at tho broad canvas, and soo tho blurred ? outline, tho outline of a man. AVateh awhile-see, tho ? '.mm is becoming clearer ; there isa massy bend, broad shoulders, a bold self-reliant figure. Now iho outlino is Icing gradually filled in. His anns aro folded on his wido chest, there is a clonk thrown oround bim-thoro is some- thing military in his appearance To his loft, amid . Miine Bhrabs, a couplo of dogs are skotched-yes, thoy aro ; his deoriiounds amidst tho hollies of Dorrynnno ; ond on ? the right, tho glens, and hills, and rocky heights of t Kerry-thoso ancient gables represent his nnces ' liol hall; and stretching out in the further distance is the ? silver lino of the Atlantic By this timo the picture, I filled up in over)- dotnil, represents a living prosonco of n mon of heroic cast in body and mind; the light in the I grey eye, the brood forehead, tho mouth olastic and pos ! scstiinç tho possibilities of every emotion from the most appalling tragedy to tho lightest comic humour ; thon the j stubborn resolution of the conformation of face ond hoad, I nnd the independent fonn of thewholo man; speaking of;in j (lomitttblc courage and unconquernblo perseverance, riso in i l lie imagination, in an instant, a spiritual figure of one born to command, and dostined to achiovo some stupendous ; -york: Tho mind is fixed upon an heroic form " A combination and a form indeed Where ev'ry god did accin to set hi« seul, To give the world "Buranoe of a nun." , Hut even in tho painting of a picture there must bo order ; ' every stroke is put on with design ; the clouds in tho beavens 1 »nd the spray of tho sea must be worked out according to i nie. And there aro different kinds of public mon. Some ore men of action ; some of speech, some of both ; the ¡n-eatnoBs of sonio is sustained by the virtues and purity of their private life : of others it is blotted, marred, and well-nigh Bpoilt. AVilliam tho Silent, though ho never spoke a word, and Oliver Cromwell, who when he did speak talked nonsense, were men of earnest action ; Burke and Fox were men of speech ; but nono of them, no, neither Napoleon, nor AVollington, nor AYoshington, nor ' Clive, nor Hastings, wore equally great in the three de- ments of human mightiness. There is but one that wo could draw out from history who Beeins to havo been for above the average in what he did, in what he snid, and in what he was. O'connell was not a great military chief, he did not spill tho blood of the bravo like water ; still ho (oiiiraanded an army of millions, and gained a victory leforo which tho achievements of AVollington must pale. Ho was not, like Pitt, brought up from his father's knoe in all the elegance of tho highest forms of oratory; -lill he swayed tho multitude, and held them by the nmgic of his wold more powerfully than could havo been dono by any speaker before or Binco bia tmie; end besides thisj unliko so many others-and this is not the place to lift the ciu-tain of tho private lives of tho world's heroes-ho was a man of profound pioty, of »ter lina faith, of unblemished virtue, and of heroism in his attachment to the old religion. AVhether he was greater .is on orator or ns a statesman it it difficult to say : whether the genuine Catholicity of his spirit, especially in his latter ycnis-, wns grander than the other two qualities, this is not the place to determine ; but one thing is certain, that as a stotc.-ninn, in what he did, he was supremo; that as an orator, in what ho said, ho xvas unapproachable ; and asi Christian, in his way of lifo, as a Catholic, he con boor favourable comparison with tho greatest religionists of modern tunes. And lot us first oxamine what O'connell did. Let us consider bim as a states- man, or, in other words, as a libonitor. Now, iu studying the achievements of grent men-whether they be ¡;i cot soldiers, statesmen, or divines-it is absolutely neccs ' sinv to gain an adequate knowledge, not only of tho vic ' tones they gained, and of the instruments and methods by which they gain«! them, but of tho blocks and obstacles . which stood in their xvoy, of tho strength of tho enemy, of the difficulty of the problem, or of tho subtlety of the ques 1 tion under consideration. Their greatness, thoir genius conies out in preporrion to the efforts thoy mode, and the stitnpth and complexity of tho difficulties ovor Wiich they were victorious. Ho who dofeats an enemy superior in .weapons and in numbers to himself, and occupying an almost imprcgnablo position, is looked upon as a greater soldier in proportion to his snecess in over . coming the greater odds, and in making the most by his military genius of the slender 1 advantages which havo fiiflcn to his lol. Tho greatness and resource of O'connell are known, and bocomo transcen- dant immediately they aro weighed in tho scales with t ho vast mass oi opposition with which ho had to confond, Let us, then, first trace out n postion of his enreer, and fix our at- tention for a minute on his young intelligence and his early ' aspirations, and see how- ho was prepared by nature, cir- cumstances, and gifts to achieve his bloodloss victories, be- fóle wo touch upon the obstacles ho had to struggle xvith, i und tho triumphs which ho nchiovod over thom. On the Gili of August, 100 yeal s ogo, Daniel O'ConnolI saw tho , light. He belonged" to on ancient and courageous Irish family. His ancestors seem to hnvo been men of a sturdy ' independent character, and woll fitted to hold thoir own ' and battle with the boldest in rough and stormy times. A W°o physically strong and, . prolific, Í. shrewd in their knowlexlgo of affairs, and ndvon .?deiest.-'Ayhat, inileod, vvns this grrtit oqnopurse,.tho thou 1 sands of mecluigs, and the great Wümplun¿ thal vvksWmg ' eui throughout the English-speaking world this day, but a turoiiB in their lovo of enterprise, thoy oithor livod at bonn ' and held their own on best ahoy coiild, or weht nbroid lo seek fortuno or glory in the sorvico of foreign kings. Moro than ono of them distinguished himsolf, not morely in baltic, but in military soienoo ; and his family inherited, together with a robust physique, a proud and indopondont spint, and a certain mastoi fulness which co'iios of porpotnal stiuggles of tho brave and tho woak with a cmel and uiiro le-nling enemy. Dorn and bred on tho iron coast of Kerry, with tho blood of brave men and nohlo yvomon ruuning iii his veins, instinct with tho temper and spirit of his fathers, the young child' speedily gnvo unmistakable tokens of tho quality of his mind. When but a child in aims his imagination vvns. impressed hy soonos of strife, j ho seiKuro of ' somo sailors who had oscapod florn n privateer, and the .brilliant uniform, of tho soldi«s who surrounded thom, and tho earnest protest of a man on a whito horse, whom aftorwards 0 Connell doscribed ns tho lawyer of party, was iudolibly fixed upon his memory- His early boyhood was spont amidst scones of oxoitement. The privateers and smugglers, who infested tho const, were not nil of thom unknown at Derrj'iinno ; nor would it bo necessary to inquire too closoly how far tho O'Connolls wore 'provided with many neces- saries and luxuries of the table freo of duty by Boafaring men. Thon, on the land, there wore, besides othor marauders, (ho Crclaghs, who mado raids upon tho cattlo, and drove thom off, and sold thom in anolhor countv ; the only protection which tho family could depend upon hoing their own strong anns and high courage. Thus tho child, from his earliest infancy, was brought up in an nlmosphoro of adventure and oxcitcmont, and his precocious" mind and extraordinary memory wiro filled at a very tender ago with pictures of the deeds of ancient horoes, and the achievements of tho warrior oliioftnins of his raco. Ile lived not morely a sleepless observor in tho prosont, but a student, or rather a dnnkor-in of tho past. Ho possessed a singular sympathy with vorso : tho rhytlun and tho muslo of tho stirring ballads of his country had a peouliar charm for him. Liko soino swcot harmony- thoy would liugorin his momory, and ho learnt much oí the past sorrows and wild deeds of tho Milesians, in those endless songs and fiimfelies which have preserved in ntl thoir original aroma the soul-stirring actions of great and potent mon. Besides this, all his surroundings spoko tho samo language Ire- land's glories, and Ireland's sufferings, and tho tyranny of the oppressor, were sot to every timo, and wore tho thoms of ovory conversation. In such an atmosphere, ho was horn and bred. Besides this nature herself scoinod as if it were mado to nurso tho spirit of freedom in him. Often would the boy betake himself into solitudo to oonvorso with his own spirit. At Doi rynano, whore he principally lived, there vvero oxtonsivo shnibberies, colobratod for the growth of their luxuriant hollies, and high up, overlooking tho soaj y\as a kind of heimitngc, in which ho lovod to seclude him- self, and commune with tho past, th» presont, and tho future. His fervid imagination and sanguino temperament would easily bo sot on fire by the thoughts vvhioh swarmed into his mind. To him all that ho saw around him was but symbolical of the condition of his country, or of that liberty luid freedom which tho strangor hnd'dcnicd hor, AVlien ho cast his oyes on tho ocean, which spread out inimit- ably before bim, with tho groat rollors thundering in ns it vi oro from the coast of Labrador, and bursting on tho gigantic perpendicular recks beneath his feet, ho mused over tho stormy times of Irelund's history, or thought of tho wild fi cedoni of tho ocean, so unliko the constraint and slavery of his nativo land ; or when the winds wera hnshed and tho storm had passed, and all was still and silent as a lake, and moon and stars hroko out in heaven, ho mused again on days of re*t after victory, and of the fruitfuluoss and poaco anil joy of n land rich and populous, mid inhabited hy n happy mid contented meo. If ho turned his eyes inland it vv as tho sumo : tho high mountains and crags, tho glens and tams, tile rushing torrents und leaping yvutorfalln spoko tho snmo language to him, and raised up tho same contrasts within his soul-ono an image of the freedom of nature mid her joy- fulness, another representing the sad lot of his native land-ground down uuflor an iron heel, anel her people pining away, or in the " yvild courago of thoir despair " making some' desperate but ineffectual resistance ngninst an oppressor whom no courago could shako off. Young O'Connell was ono of tho first Catholics who yvent to school in his own country. Tho penal laws against education had just been so for relaxed as to allow a Catholic lo leam his letters and the first rudiments of knowledge nt homo without being moioilessly punished for the crimo of folony. Ho picked up some infoniiation from tho wandering teachers of tho tune; and when sent to si hool proved himself tobo a boy of oxt.-aordinnry parts, especially gifted with a retentive _ memory. "Ho is said to hnvo loarnt tho alphabet in an hour. But what mndo moro Impression on thoso who watched his o'nrly courts) vvns his bravo, proud, and independent character, his perseverance, his juvenilo ambition, and his early solf respect. Anything like disgrace waa n terror to him. Not knowing his lesson one day, his master throatoncd him willi a beating. "Give mo half an hour to leam it," implored tho boy, " and, if I don't know it, boat me then." It was not tlie pain of punishment that "he shrank from, but from tho feeling of disgrace in being (logged. As far es spiritual influences are covonied they wore brought to bear upon bim from his tenderest years through the influonce of his mother, to whom, ho declared, ho owed even-thing that ho 1 possessed innfter life of great orgoexl. He retraided her as a hiiint, and reverenced her for her intellectual gifts. Never ' 'o his dying day did her imago depart from his memory, and 1 her presence, like tho shield of a guardian angel, seemed over ¡ to bo held over hitit to ward off ovory liai m. Then, tho iuflu . enco of Father O'Grady wes not without its effect. A man of much keen mother-wit, simple, shrewd, and filled with ¡ fienuino faith, his very eccentricities would all the moro t fix his memory and his teaching in the boy's mind and , imagination. Anyhow, from his earliest days, ho was stooped in the faith of tho Catholic Church, and drilled in tho doctrines which sho Incúlcales, imbibing, togethor with arge draughts of freedom, thoso ruling principles which direct tho notions of heroes in a lawful causo, and rein up liberty from falling into license. The very groundwork or basis of O'connells nature was profoundly Catholic-and the Cntholio spirit, there is little doubt, indeed it is clearly evident, as a rule, ponnoatcd nil his thoughts and doods. From the huntblo school of his nativo county tho boy was sent, ' as all ' lind to bo who wished for anything that could bo dignified with tho namo. I of education, abroad ; first to St. Omer, and thon to Douai. ' Hero he became noted for his steady habits of application, ' and for tho inexplicable something in his character which '} created tho impression that he wes destined to do great j tilings. His undo wrote to tho president of St. Omer's i (Dr. Stapylton) and requested him to put cumplimentaron j one sido, and,to givo his candid opinion on young Daniel. !' Tho doctor replied that ho never should be more mistaken in his lifo if ¿tie lad were not destined to mako a remark- able figuro nx society. Dr. Stapylton proved himself to bo n man of judgment and discernment ; and it was from this j timo forth that O'Connell continued to earn for himself tho highest aelmiration of all who know him. But his . academical career was cut short by tho French revolution. j The students and professors of. Douai weiro terrified \- night and day by the ucoounts thoy received of tho rivers of , blood that flowed in tho streets of Paris, and of tho linntic madness of the savages, who were bent upon tho annihilation not only of the monuments of tho past, but nt the very' elements of common morality and religion. Douai itself became in jeopardy ; the itudonts wore insulted, .md screamed at in thoir walks through tho streets ; and ' finally they left the college, whore life was not worth a week's purchase, and sailed onco moro for homo. -Now, it , was hot ween this period and his entrance in public life , that O'Conncll's character became fully formed and 1 thoroughly consolidated. He returned to Irobind from Douai in Í793 ; ho became a law student at Lincoln's Inn in 1791 ; and he may bo said to have entered publio lifo when called to the bar in 1798. From his earliest years young O'Connell felt within himself, as! so many lind done before him, a presentiment of greatness. It vvns not pride, or vanity, or self-conceit in him, but a calm and steady persuasion that ho yvas des- tined to do a work, and that work tho liberation of his countrymen. As a child ho startled his relations by his precocious anticipations. AVhilst they were' conversing on one occasion regarding tho relativo merits of Flood and Grattan, young Dnnioisat thoughtfully and silently obsor vant, and on being asked what possessed his mind, ho stuitcdupand said that ho too ono day would leave his miuk upen the world. Tho name and fnmo of heroes seemed over to fire his ambition ; and oven when of maturor ago this impulso to make a name for himself did not for n moment leave bim. Ho brings it out strongly in a letter to his unclo, when studying for the bar, and oven vrhen ?»coiningly on the point of death his dream of creating for himself a reputation appears to have held its accustomed mastery over his mind. AVhen persuaded that his case was ' past recovery, ho throw his feoling into that music which . was so natural to him, and recited these plaintive verses of the poot : " Unknown I die ; no tongue shall spenk of mc ; Some noble spirits judging by themselves, May yet conjecture what I might have proved, And think lite only vuinting to my fame." AVithout a touch in bim of fanaticism, ho possessed that , kind of inspired lovo of his country and grief at hor wrongs I which nt times accompanies tho more effeminate minds of I heroines and poets. But his enthusiasm and fanaticism ' wei e controlled by sturdy masculine will, and a vost store of common sense 'Though lus temperament was in keeping with tho highest poetry and passion, it was over under the ' rigid control of his manly character, and whatover of senti- ment and feeling ho poisesscd was turned into an in stnimcnt for achieving sonic- great and practical end. ' Naturally led from boyhood to study the ballads of his country, her various vviongs and miseries, i- when he giew to man's estato his vision took a wider range, i and lie mastered the wholo tragedy of tho past. Nor did he Miidy without an object. His ambitious spirit fixed itself upon one intent, vi Inch ho determined to achieve. Ho declined it to be, at this the outstart of his manly life, his uno design on earth and fixed ambition to loavo his country .it his death more free and happy than sho wes whon ho was bom. His solitary hours at Dorrynano wore spont in work- ing out this problem, and seeking out a key to solve the mysterious passion of Jus country, and for tho fulcrum and 11 "e lev cr by vi hieb lo lift her from hor slavery and degra ei.ilii.n. 'It would be the greatest mistako to imagino that O'Connt-U's courso of action in tho liberation of his country was the result of chance, and tho lucky issue of an uncertain vulgar struggle Bofore he set about his mighty work of liberation he studied the problem which was before him from evory point of view, and only then commenced his labours when ho had soon his way through all their lahyriuthian complications. Ho had to II consider the blocks which stood in his way, Iho instniuionts ' by which ho could remove them, and, tlio molhod to adopt ; , ' l ,'.',. i !---.-, ..i : ? , u J in bringing his aim to a successful issue. He had to gain from England civil and religious liberty, which had over and over,in the face of many a bloody strife been denied to the millions of his countrymen. England was the great bar to Ireland's freedom. And England was not only confined in her obstinacy by motives of home policy,'and through religious influences, but she was also strongly acted on by events which were developing themselves' abroad: The condition of America and France was not without its significance as regarded the policy of Great Britain in her dealing with her sister island. What did O'Connell see in France? His boyish imagination had been stained with pictures of the French Revolution. Tho fringe of its bleeding garments almost touched him as it were when a boy at college. It was an event which shook like tho throbs of an earthquake every throne in Europe, and spread consternation in every heart. Louis XVI. 'but poorly understood tho times in which he lived. Tho manses of ^ the people would no longer submit to tho burdens which were placed upon them. Changes of Ministers effected nothing but to aggravate the populace, till finally, like the rising, the sudden rising of some mighty river in time of flood, they broke down every barrier of decency and order, and brought indiscriminate destruction upon every thing higher and nobler than themselves. King Louis was sub- jected to a mock trial, and was condemned by tho Con- vention. He would spare them tho pain of a picture of tho sad parting of Louis with his wife and children. He was led to tho scaffold, and died with tho courage of a martyr, whilst the Abbé Edgeworth, who attended Win, exclaimed, as the axe fell, "Son, of St. Louis, ascend to heaven!" The murder of tho King was followed by massacre and' carnage through the length and breadth of France. The scaffold was not equal to tho work of butchery, and tho people were mowed down with musketry in the public places, and shot' Indiscriminately in the streets. Tho Loire was choked with corpses, streets flowed with blood. Tho object of those assassins was not only to destroy tho living, but, to blot out every memory of tho past ; they razed tho public buildings. and did their utmost to blot from the memory of man tho very name of Christianity itself, and to substitute in its place tho most debasing atheism, and such practices of public debauchery as would bring a blush on tho face of tho most hardened amongst' tho heathens. Europe, horror stricken by tho enormities perpetrated by tho revolution, flew to arms. Three hundred and fifty thousand men were marching towards France. A Corsican, a child of the Revo lution, was soon to avenge tho action of the European powers. Bonaparte in tho fields of Italy showed signs of his greatness. The enemy was vanquished ; Napoleon be came Consul, and then Emperor; and by his marvellous genius for war he changed tho map of Europe, and fixed members of his own family or military staff on almost every throne in Europe. He kept tho world in constant terror till in 1815, when Wellington, an Irishman, met him in the field and overset him for ever, overset tho indomit able Emperor of that fair country over whoso destinies at this moment preside» a Marshal of France, but of Irish mime and of Celtic blood. O'Connell, meditating on tha horrors of tho French Revolution, clearly perceived how it shook every, even tho most stable throne to its very base, Tho masses of tho people in every country were awakened out of sleep. He saw that England especially had reason to be on her guard. She hod not only to deal with tho immoral influence of France, but with tho rebellious children in her vast colonies beyond tho Atlantic. There was an unmistakable current of revolutionary elec tricity flowing between France and America ; many an adventurous Frenchman had joined tho American revolt, and had returned home and told his tale. In vain did the British Government send army after army across tho ocean. Starvation and distance from home were too formidable, togother with American bravery, for British stubbornness and courage. Ono battle was lost after another. Tho battle of Lexington, of Bunker's Hill, of Yorktown, and the sur- render of Lord Cornwallis, showed tho most obstinate of kings, mid the most incapable of ministers, tho folly of * protracting a struggle which was practically decided. Tho great Chatham, who had always been favourable to tho independence of the Colonies, though he thought that independence would bo tho signal for England's fall amongst tho nations, when an address was about to be pre sented to tho king to declare tho independence of America, in spite of age and infirmity, was determined to be in his place in the House of Lords. Loaning on tho arm of his son, William Pitt, ho staggered to his place. His limbs ' were swathed in cotton, and his imperious face could hardly be seen, hidden as it was by his long and flowing 1 wig. But the piercing eye and tho hooked nose still were visible. As he rose in reply tho effort was too great for him ; overcome with disease, old age, and emotion, he swooned away into tho arms of his son ; and not long after his remains were borne to Westminster Abbey to take his place amongst the other worthies of English history. Tho English nation having lost her prestigo in war, and having had to surrender those possessions which were doomed by many statesmen necessary to her greatness, was anxious and timid when she cast her eye upon that island which, on account of her misgovernment, had ever been to her a source of weakness instead of strength. Sho wns not ovon secure at home. The effect of Jacobinism in France hod not been without its effect on the English populace. Pitt suspended tho Habeas Corpus Act, and any one who dared to utter dangerous language, or show tho slightest symptoms of a Gallican spirit, was dealt with in a manner seldom resorted to except in tho - last extremity, Anyhow, with foar of disturbances at home, and under tho excitement produced by revolutions which had been successful abroad, England looked with anxiety upon Ireland, and felt little disposed to relax her bonds, or deal leniently with any symptoms which appeared indicative of that fever which had cost the British Government so dear. Ireland wns with'n easy reach of France, and Bantry Bay was a fine harbour for n French fleet. Irish patriots had ever been hovering about the heels of French generals, governors, and diplo matists; and there were not a few sympathisers with tho bloodiest forms of tho Reign of Ter- rors. The Shearses themselves, according to their own account, gloated over the death of Louis tho XVI. John, on being asked by O'Connell how he could endure so horrible a sight as tho murder of tho King, exclaimed that he was present and assisted at tho murder out of love of the cause! Thus it was that the British Government of the day considered it a matter of imperative necessity to hold tho Irish notion in an iron grasp. To allow her an inch of greater freedom would hove been to stir up tho country to revolt, or to encourage her to imitate tho bloody example of France. It was tho effect of political terror that dictated tho British policy ; and O'Connell clearly perceived that it would require almost a miracle to dispel tho phantom which had been created by ovonts that liad taken placo beyond tho ocoan, and on tho con tinent of Europe. 'But there was something else besides ' political terror that would have generated despair in any mind except O'Connell's : it was blind obstinacy, created by the effects of religious fanaticism. Fear of tho influence of Catholics, and tho i Catholic Church, pervaded every rank of society, from tho King on his throne to tho penniless vagabond in the stocks. O'Connell could not help being struck with amazement at tho hold it possessed over tho popular mind. When he was a child, within his own memory a hundred thousand mea rose at tho beck of a half-cracked nobleman, and without the shadow of a grievance, surrounded tho House of Par- liament in London. Tho Speaker trembled with terror as he heard tho deafening shouts and roars of the furious multitude which was trying to force its way into the House. Peers were dragged out of their coaches, bishops were seen creeping over tho tiles in their lawn sleeves ; the house of Lord Chief Just ice Mansfield was sacked, tho chapels of tho foreign ambassadors were ruthlessly rifled, and the children of tho Prime Minister were carried in their night clothes, and placed on a table in the Horse Guards as tho only place where thoy would bo secure. Holborn Hill ran with rivera of gin, and rolled with drunken ruffians ; the gaols were forced opon, and mur- derers, thieves, and the lowest rabble swelled the maddened throng, whilst thirtv-six fires blazed at different places through the metropolis. And why was all this wild and diabolical excitement if Because some miserable, some con temptible shred of relief had been cast to tho Irish Catho- lics. According to the brutalized notion of the populace, Ireland was simply known as a land of bogs infested by a swarm of poisonous Papists. Any quarter given to them was confused with the ldea-of inflicting frogs and wooden .shoes upon the British public, and with the notion I that tho land of freedom would speedily full a prey ta a foreign potentate, and bo forthwith covered 'with all the horrors of idolatry and superstition. So ¡grossly ignorant and tho minds of tho people become of tho history ot their own country, and of tho times of Alfred tho Great, Edward tho Confessor, tho Black Prince, and Sir Thomas More ! But the terror of Popery was not confined to the lower classes. The natural antipathy against it of the Church of the Reformation,with its vast, revenues and broad glebes and venerable fanes, is intelligible enough. It is but natural that the great Peers, enriched by church property, should look with an evil eye upon those to whom it once belonged. But in other ranks tho feeling was much tho same. No Ministry could stand, however strong when it came into power, wihch aimed at giving some wretched sop of natural justice to tho millions of tho Irish people. Pitt tried it, and was forced from office; Lord Grey did the same, with a like result ; Lord Grenville fell from power from tho same cause ; and Canning was worried to death by that very party of which he was the highest ornament. Take the Ministry itself which passed emancipation. In tho begin- ning of 1828, when they came into power, they were tho strongest Ministry England had ever seen ; at tho end of 1829 they were tho weakest. Why? Because they emancipated tho Catholics. Never did abuse and obloquy fall so thick and strong-upon men who had once been favourite Ministers. History and fiction were ransacked te find terms of infamy fit to describe their wickedness ; Scripture could furnish but one name sufficiently odious— that of Judas Iscariot ; whilst clergymen, Macaulay tells us, hurried from Cornwall and Northumberland to vote against that Minister whoso very presence a few months before would have set their parish church bells jingling. Such opposition was too strong for any Government; it sought support from one party and then another-it received a blow on one side and then on tho other; then it staggered and reeled and fell. And why? Because it gave to Ireland that which was its .... subjects i--.-- , , ,. , a threefold cord, which is not cosily broken, binding up tho limbs and freedom of his country-the action of poli itical tenor, of religious fanaticism, and of the most brutal ignorance. Even tho grave Lord Eldon cx fclaimed, in all tho sincerity of his heart, Iho day that a Catholic enters tho British Legislature tho ' sun of England's greatness is set!" Such was the teugliaiuliiiipeivioiis bieoatwork, j¡whieli, lilto sonio pnr Ijemhrulsr roclt, stood in the way of thodiei-nsof Daniel , °. Connell. He counted the cost, ho measured the stroiwk , of the enemy, and ho vvns not dismayed. 'And whit did'ho sec when he cast his eyes on his ow n country- ? The- hind ¡of natura bad boen, bountiful indeed, but what nu turo liad | made, man had mai i ed. In no country in the world within j he Finne area, was to'be found such rich pasturage, such a' , luxuiy of waving cornfields, and so, mnnv clements of - , ngncidlurnl greatness. From tbo Giant's ^ Causeway to ¡Cape Clear, f) oin Conucniara lo llio Hill i)f Iloueh, nalino I had spread herself out in all her variety of piptmemito' i loveliness, . and in a contrast of beauty splibiii found' '" the .most favoured countrios of tho beauties of Killarney,".together with tho shining water couiscs of the Shannon and the Lee* nuikii .up a'talo of1 i natural beauly not oosily found in any other country oh tbo1 , em th. No doubt thora aro »cones to ha fonnd, whinlt im theil awful grandour and sublimo loveliness, nurpass any- thing to bo found in tho, Emerald Isle; bul, takin» V ,as a whole, in (ho longth and breadth, no conntry can' sin pass it, nt least on the continent of Europa . I m its variegated gifts of picturesque Iovollnoss, and paf,toral beauty. And when he tumpd his ga/.o ¡ upon Hie people who inhabited this favoured ; spot whnl did . he perceive ? He saw that' > every man who lived in Ireland was not nn Irishman. H» , poiecived ono broad and tolling contrast. . Ho porcoivedt that tho great Irish popio- that raco which from time , lmmcmonal lind inhabited the island-had preserved their, own identity of thought, feeling, and character, had clung i to their own ancient traditions, and had not lost tho Oäscn tinl spint of their especial nationality in spite of the out rages and persecutions of many hundred yeu-s. About . seven or eight millions, tho great mass of tho population , was of one distinct nice-OR different from those who forced themselves amongst them as tho nativo of tho East is from j tho Norwegian, as tho inhabitants of Circassia from tho haidy Highlanders of Scotland. Tho gonuino Colt, thoraco' t of piuo Milesian blood-of blood identical with his own these were the people, with whom O'Connel! felt ! the sympathy, tho doep unoontrollablo sympathy of idon j tity, of moe, interests, and foolings. The English settlors ¡ who lind como over with the Conquoror, and hid formed j the English pale, cannot bo called Irish. The Auglo i Saxons, the Danes, tho Anglo-Normans, the trooper who caine over with Cromwell, and tho Dutch boors who landed Í with King AVillinm- these conld not, by any stretch of ) courlcsy.or by any confusion of history, bo mistaken for thal poetical, sensitivo, melancholy, humourous,'brave, awl impotuous Easter« race, which still dreams of building up I tho walls of Tara, which still melts to tho »trains of the ' Irish harp, which still throws its patriotic footings into a poetry especially its own, and still droams, as it has dreamt tor soven hundred years, of making tho homo of their j fathers tho land of tlioir birth 1 "Great, glorious,and free, First flower of Hie land, and first gem of the sea." ' [ Yes-O'connell could not but discover in his countrymen I clements of noblo doods, and germs of gonuino greatness-a ! bravo, chivalrous, high-spirited people, that is, as created , by tho hand of nature, and fit for nny enterprise, and with « sufficient daring in their constitution to prepare them for ¡ any venture. ' But tho hand of man, of tho oppressor, lind i been strong upon thom ; tboy were, and hod boon,' n down \- trodden race, and had bled undor tho iron hool .of conqucit ; for over 700 years. But tho Liborator had to look farther 1 back-to look into the earliest history of his country, and to j trnce its various fortunes, down to tho very day in which ho \- lived, if ho really wished to loam a losson [from her chequered nnd turbulent enreor. Loik ', ing back into prehistoric times his oyo seemed te» ( i atoll, amidst the vapours and mists of antiquity, visions I of great warriors and chieftains battling together with ¡ their hosts, and sight« of blood and carnage, > " And ehnncc ond craft and strength in single fights, And ever and anon host yylth ho-.t Shocks, and the splintering spoar, the hard mill hewn, Shield-breakings, and the clash of bnnds¿thc crash Of buttlc-axcs on »hattered helios, and shrieks After the Christ." From the days of Ugony the Groat, and of Con of tho ' hundred battles, to thoso of Brian, who Booms with a sort , of celestial onergy to havo won tho great battle of Clontarf, I and to have hurled tho hosts of tho enemy into that sea ! over which thoy elmo-front tho onrlieat hints of Irish Î history oven to the present hour the people, sonsi ¡ livo and chivalrous, scent to havo boen carrying on a ' perpetual contest. Boforo the invasion of Strangbovv, th» j Hierarchy of Ireland's chieftains and minor princes woroovor engaged in struggles with each othor ; tho" very character of ! '-ho various kingships and chieftainships, each potty prin'ci ' pality having its own laws, traelitions, and customs, its own t hereditary jealousies and porpetuatcd discords, fomented i and encouraged mutual opposition, and gave incessant ' opportunities for a rcncwnl of hostilities, or for tho excite j incuts and chances of civil and intcrnocine war. When tho j chiefs wore not fighting with each other, thoy wore ongagod' ! with a common enemy ; and even thon it was not seldom - ' tho caso thnt the vory enemies, of their country wore made j use of to assist in revenging some private wrongi j or in ravaging tho principality of a neighbouring II hicftain. Was it not ' a privato grudge that, ' induced Duncan Miicmurchnd to betray his country into tho hands of Strongbow ? Anyhow, from the j earliest dawn of Irish history to his own day, O'connell \- could ice little elso than pictures of battle and bloodshed, I kings dying in the field, or oy the hands of violent onemios, j or burying themselves away in monastic solitudo to do nenanco for tho past. Tho conquest under ncnry,II. of , England served simply to porpctuuto and rendor moro ' destructivo than over tho spirit of antagonism which had ( become chronic in the island. Tho Colts now coasod in great mousuro to niako war upon each othor, for they had ! a formidable and determined enemy to, meet. Ho had j «ai'cd over tho Irish Channel, and selecting Ireland's chiof city as his basis of operations-as his stronghold-ho ' Ihrow round it somo distance a cordon. Ho enclosed tho I e ity within a certain circumference, which was called the ! English Palo. In vain did tho brave Milesians stnigglo to ! forco Ute enemy from his garrison ; each attempt brought S devastation and death to thousands, with blood and tears J and fantino ; eommorce was pnraly/ed,. and the green crops ¡cut, the land desolate, and the invuder strengthened his hold in every engagement. Tho millions of the pooplo 'were treated as outlaws ; they were use-das unclean animals, ¡us creatures unworthy of pity and regard, and as far as tho ' British power extended, they were trampled onus voritabla ¡slaves. This continued for generation after generation, .sometimes tho palo expanding, sometimes contracting, some, 'times fierce, rebellious, and then bloody repressions ; now 'periods of inteimittcnt calm, short spaces of breathing 'time, rest, that strength might be renewed to begin hostilities .again. Ireland become, in course of time, a kind of hunting 'ground for England. At length tho first English settlers 'bccinio attached to the soil, and identified themselves, i not with . Milesian, but with their own interests in the land. Thoy became independent ; England becimo ije.ilous. AVave after wave of Engli-.li crossed tho channel, land fight after fight took place bcLween tho now arrivals and tho old settlors, each striving for the mastery, each bent ¡ upon getting hold of as birge n portion of booty, as great a (quantity of the game as their strength and cunning could ¡secure to thom. Meanwhile, the Milesian niultitudo wera Snot forgotful of themsclves, and ever and anon, with tho \- throes ot an earthquake, they robo and Bhook thomsolvcs in \- their chains, mid looking now to Spain, now to Franco ¡turning to any sido for help, they tnado spasmodic and wild f efforts to freo thcmsolves from tho vampire which was cit ! ing up the fail ness and the plenty of their lund. Thoa ! carno tho great rebellion of J141, with tho fourteen armies in ¡the field at one time, and tho fearful and bloody period which ! is mixed up with tho name of Dutch AVilltam-times ot ex II termination, fumino, and blood-the vory clouds crimson, \- as it were, with tho reflection of the oceans of human hfo, ¡ which were poured out in the massacres and battling of ) army ¡against army, host against host. Thon ensued ti ' darker and sadder period still ; the iron hool of conquest ! becamo shod with tho spikes of sectarian hate. England had thrown off tho religion of King Alfred, and hud fol- lowed tho footstops of King Henry VIII. Tho English I Pale followed in tho wake of tho mothor country- Added ! to the difference of raco was now tho difference of anta- gonistic creeds. Civil and religious discord and animosity carno into direct collision. Tho sword of tho ¡conqueror was whetted and pointed by that dotost ! arion which springs from an unrogenemto spirit ¡when it ' handles, the weapon of theology. In ¡a State paporof the time of Henry A'lll. tho " noble folk lot Ireland" is divided into threo classes-" the King« subjects," " tbo English rebels," and " tho Irish enemies. -Tho King's subjects being, asa rule, tho lint invaders; !" tho English rebels" being thoso who had preceded them, and tho " Irish enemies " tho great mass, tho millions of (the original population of tho country-tho Catholic Mile .sian'raco. Soven hundred years of conquest and three) ¡hundred years of religions tyranny and persecution were» ¡enough to crush any nationality, and to break tho strongest Iheart of any people. AVhcn penal laws had boen r.daod to .other disabilities tho Celt could hardly bo said to bo ahvo irt ¡the land of his fathers-ho was bound hand and 'loot, and treated as a slnvo, and scouted as an outcast ; ho was under tbo protection of no law, and his property and Hfo could bo snatched from bun wita 'impunity ; ho was less secure than Hie aboriginal savage, 'than the lowest and most degraded specie* of tho human irace. Before the law he had no rights ; and his mostpros- perous condition wns to bo allowed to livo and die ni slavery, obscurity, and wretehodncvi. O'connell baa 'deeply studied the question of how to get freedom and ¡liberty for his countrymen. Thoy had straggled, and ¡violently and repeatedly, by force, by strategy, by sudden 'risings, bv secret societies, by culling in aid loreign fleets 'and foreign muskets, bul every ollort had but riveted tho fetters closer, and wasted vahublo lives and ocosns of inno- cent blood. He had profoundly meditated on the efforts oi tho Shearses, of AVoIfo Tone, and of many other nicu made desporato by oppression ; he had studied tho wo.r. mgs of endless ' see ret societies, and had weighed the issue of their efforts-but all resulted in tho one ¡novitalilo conclusion : that, whether lawful oi unlawful, overy effort had failed, and had brought glentor misery on Ireland. Yes: AVh.it did ho see happen under his own eyes? "io lcbelliouof 1789. His cara never wero able lo lid them- selves of the shrieks and groans of tho dying, or his eves to efUe-e the pictures of bloodshed which st lined In» illumination and shookhis sold. Then tho awful end o Loid Edwatd Fitzgerald, of Bussell, and of Robert Emmet-the blood shed in vam in their fruitless attempt* to bring about a chango in tho destinies of their country, '.spoko to tho strong souse and tender heart of O Connon I with tho language of deeds- moro eloquent than any "mero words of man. Ho felt that BOIOO other method must lo tried, some other mstrumont invented for i, fcrcmg his" country', for blood and oemspiricy hod been »ried long oncrugh Besides, tho country hod boen split up from too first in endless parues nnd iniiumei-iblo secret Bcchties * excry attempt that had been mode by ono party or society te gain justice for the country h id been pnraly/cd by some othoi, nothing could bo achieved without union lío hud known or feen enough of AVlute boys, and Right hex«, and Heart of flint boys, and Tweho o clockbiys, mil Peen o Day boys, md Sh max sis, nnd Corovita, mid Hu usher», and Carders, and Hewrt of Oak boys, and of tho Moody bo) hood if tho bog of Allen Ihcy hod had then dav, th( y had excited their energies, such as tlioy were, and Ireland w 13 still loaded with cb uns, and Bunk 111 the sliiMi-v of 11« if ild oppre sion Ho did not desire, hi Flirmk with »11 his courage us soul from adding another ciustde of blood fi lowed by gicotor slavory to those winch hod gone bcftie Histor), if it hod proved any- thing, lind pioxed this thot the old troditionory mothids of viol nee nnd fe ree li id filled, thot BÖ1110 other Bystc 11 must Iboudoptcd and tint if cn ii and religious liberty was to bo «bteiincd, it hud to bo through tho eneigy of other instru- ments, nnd ti e npplicsitn 11 of oilier methods Butbofjoio tonrhing upon the w onions in which O Connell trusted foi achieving tho object dition of tho millions of his Catholic countrymen, as -viewed-not nccirding to their own minds,1 fiied by tho oppression undei which thoy writhed-but according to philosophers, statesmen, nnd mombo» of quite another class? , Ho could easily weary them by tho quotations ho could gi\o from eminent English authors as to tho oppres- sion exercised by tho foreign master t But ho would savo them that weariness, and OB specimens of a hundred others, ho wiuld quote tho words of two eminent Englmh ' men, and of tho most profound Protestant statef mim that Ireland, amidst a galaxy of militant men, bad ever produced Dr Johnson declares thit, tl)o tyï-mnvf lifidor which tho Insh suffered jrtrpnesed m ii* biirrors and cruelty tho ten parseau'toins of the Chnsjinns ufldor IhÇ Pagan emperors Ldinund Burko tolls tho netwdkof hideous penal laws under winch tho «oihohes of Eüglnnd And Ireland werof languishing " A 1 Biacllmoinfiiiaiso and elaborate contavancc, and as well _lii.4 for the oppression, lmpox ervshuiout, and) degradation «a people,and for iho.dobuscmcat ia them of human nature ílsclf, us w is ' oveV devised ' by! thó perverso tlmgeiiiuirv i Cr miwpll, Ino-policy was strong, «¡.niiglitforward, and, ""truel Ii wit's Comprised m oni) woid, and' that word was eitdtmiiuititin After that? " tho TrisU Koman Catholics f wcidticimittîd to livo, to bo fruitful, to,rcplu_sh tho earth, but tiley were doomed to'bo whot tho Helots wore in Sp u ta, ' ' what tho Greeks «ero tinder tho Ottoman, what tho sla\cs inoWiarot(tl(is wtas before thou- emancipation) at Now York " Nor w<,rq tJio people «lono subject to tlus¡iIobasing and iniquitous treatment, men of, ro(incd education and horolo 1 liftai w bom fhu w m id w as not worthy, xvoro in ns oVil a con » ihnen "ilhiwo priests, '1 «ays M*caulayt /'win xvero re yen d by millions OB their natural ad visera and glinidians, as tho oui) autli r sed expositors ot Christum truth, as tho only authorised dispensera of the Christian iiioraiiiimtp, were treated by tho snuircs and a 'squireens of the rahng^ faction n-t ho good-nitincel man ID would treat tho vilest beggar " In fn/¿, ireland may almost " ilefWifdJoiiu^oeoaiied to bo a natani,, tho umsst/) of tho ] copio fibbing m poxcity mid destitution-In e lhnd of " 1 lint),'lixmg as it were \ itltout hopo 111 tim woild, xveio 1 ciwcllmph broken ui thtir spnit, nfld, cowell djwn by con 1 Innis pt oppicnin, .Ditly attempt nt relief b, vulenoo lind t iib el ni (I hud but I¡IL ( -ed the Lnrdness of th 11 I )l o\ot}'jitition xMiR tithei tit lied xvith silent on empt or I icejuili (1 willi su in it \vc s pilly now ntyl t'u.11 \/1 11 tho 11 utiiol alni n hete abiond bokel ex-cpliunoll/ 1 iten Ingthat t-emr'ililtix nicisii ,wmcli it was nfmo tin msull lo iflt 1 wits tllim u ut mu ilit the pionlo te pi-o\\( it ilicm men c iiij; 1I10 c inphuiti ms 111 \i noll Ghc it Hut in nu 'ht be intauejiit O Cunnii might well look with »ilmis "* c. xinps on In** stn ix in,; I*i (mid, on that lund u 1 iii ap prmeil w' ita ,1 iib li e helplessness of death AVall» n"lit no think, nu(-1) «mi) lut he would hi\o benn com jelled te ti ink (hut Fife lind corni to lui 11 t hour thit lief last 'stAi"i-le woanciirh oxoi, flint tiwi raffa m hor th 1 it hld neill) stopped butn) lui ,know hei aso father knows Ins eluVl. io loiKtd upon hci, stretched in. he bciuty wf( 11 linn willi ne-oiiv written em her'bib v, an 1 sexmed with the» sexreof immy axvouud , he lookod, uni started, andcsA'anntd- , , .. " She ¡fc not conquered bc/uit) s ensign jet Is iiimtqn on uti Ups mill In hu élieck 1 ( And (taitti s paie fliiR-is not advimeéd there ' llio cunny might aim at her death, might as his list ict of ,oi pitt sion os (ho tilling of tho cup, oven 0 lei her to die , bul he w otild tin 111 ound, and exe kim to th >so who thn «(.li flit influences of tho past had forgotten tlioir mau betll,hi would turn round and ask >?/- 1 ' Is tlipicnolienrtin the trxniplçd laml ( 10 spuni the tM nut s proud connnanil ! 1 * ' ' ' Can the wronged realm no firm tiupplv r lint tho ubjtct tior and the slavish eye>" And, indeed, on 1 *>king nbput hpn ho found few w ho had ti e must ullin b ilcfncss left lo initiate a now nhd dllllcult p( he) '1 ht J copie ¿ronnel down to tho earth, in Uiiglnud they might be indi pendent onough, but in Ireland ' J hero hindlip« lnbourei s hopeless toil and strive And taste no portion of the sweets they hive ' Hid mattes, the millions af the peoplo, xvoro biokon in t-pint and had well nigh lost nil senso of fro dom, cer- tainly all hu] 0 of union, and in thoir wildest dreams c ultt boo 110 other wav out of their sod con el ti 11 ' than sumo miraculous interposition of tho A'implitx, who, from His high Hiavon might ni 1^-t ln\c niciryon them As toi tho muidlo classes, thcx (j uid li udlv be said te exist, aux how, trado had boon M te noticoll) iripplid, and harbours and csturrica xvlnch mtih x\tniel hove Hooted all tho navios in tho woild, and ¡bed nnd nnjesdc ri\irs, which would havo boon tho 1 vii linds ot a \11st and flounshing cominorco, xic oturnod lnbi a bitter nnckiry through tlio jealousy and solfish pe ¡icy )\ luth nuiiiuited tho xiolitiial action of tho master 1 linds As to tho nobility, they were man anomalous pt htiin AMiilst thev y earned to got nd of thoir bxdge3 of hhivcvyt»tliry trembled lest m doing so thoy should , icoj-nielif0 the litigo freedom thoy had left Vi illliiff to v ound, anti vet nfi old tb strike, Just hint x (ault, nnd hesitate dislike " Tlity, "let'Zixiuld not wait upon I would,' and thus, ( cnttulnting );et\itcii two mtercstSj tho fo-irof losiug what ti ey lind, and fhtir desire of getting moro, they xyera about Hil lost min- though uf courso thiro wpro noble oxcop li^iifr-te 1 tod a ioiiorn hupo such os that which 0 Cjnnoll, with a supoihunion 101110^0, paticneo, ¡lud temper under- took mid earned through AVbot thon wera tho lnstru nrtnts with winch ho lind to wölk,?-what sott of tools we jo thosp whiih.110 was obliged of necessity t > lundie, in oitlei to nclucvo on object in xvlnch Overyhbri'of oxer) other gèhcrntioi? had signally failed, nnd> filled, toij x\liln.í< tho tpdoplo xjero Jess dispirited than 111 0 Connell s, time, and possessed molo pf the mdopon deuce and \lgbt(i tit a Soldier s'heart Ho found a 1 puplb demoralised and dlsoignni/ed, and willi ill tho lupo btottiioüi t)t thin), their naturtd leaders morei timid titan tin nisi lx CB, ninny of them lime servers, (lioso that Al eio not uhiised to tho rough cjntentions of public strife tho Btuldy gi\a find take, and violent usagos of bittoi pûhticul and paijy wnifaru Such was tho matetial, tho only niilennl ho could a\ail himself of to moot th" threefold apposition of Great Britain, by which ho could not only 111 dud meei; it, but confiont i|nil overthrow it, and m spite of pthjicnl tenor, religious fanaticism, and theil violent ^uxilimy, impenetrable ignorance, Bet up amingst the millluns of his people tho fnir and gnicioui terni ot ciuliriUd uligiuus liberty Hy. had to ipineit in 0110 woidt tlus raw mulei ml into a foiiiiiliblo and nu\61 ^^cn]on foi attaitnng his end He hid indeed BO uignm e a people, to create a nation to breath j mtn (bur souls, beaten to tin earth by tyranny, tlio spn it of fuuli in, loyalty, union, self respect, aifd mil) nitiblo self control Hi hud to re\ cr«o 111 tho cherished tmd tions of the past-a xosùnnd giant undertaking llio old tmditiun-uy mcthtds of tho swoid and tho çpeu had to bo forgjlton , tho tindilicoinry spült of faction and conlcnti m had to ho annihilated, the much-loved and immemorial secret com pacts, and hidden undertakings,and dark conspiracies, and deep-laid plots, all these methods,which hid hoon ingnunel into the people's natures by the processes of cmturies, and 'tho action of advotsit), had to bo swopt to tho wind theological bittcnieSB and sour exclusivonoss, and lebgioiiB disjikp lind te bo meit bofoio tho now sim which was using in tho heascnB, and men wiro t J le ira * Hint tho biavo, tho good, mid tho trae xvoro mon of tlio light, were men of oidoi and loyalty, fueuds andguir diiins of authority, and strong in tho clo u ness of thou i-tehts mid in their ovident capacity for using thom 0 Conncll's dienm waa te create out of tho mlllious of his loiiiitijircn ouo immense mid ovci-mnslcuiig instrtiiiiout, cini] oi-td of (ho united voico of a nobló and justice SOOKHUJ pen] le, which should bo inpnblo of foiomg (d10 public epimm of Etighndiind of tho woild to listín to, to study, and then to ndniit and concedo indisputablo cluups Sineo the do) s of Henry A"III the foreo of opinion, as a moral we«] en, bad been growing in its nlluouco, and justutthiB timo, «hen O'connell xvas meditating Ins new mothodof xioifiije, it was beginning to become 111 jre formidablo than c\ cr beten 1 hi nitlulnco also of tho Press wits making ltfolt felt OB a fourth power in tho realm and tho possi- bility of sitting, as it were, on Aro in tho heo,ita of millions one, great and eyer guiding idea-an idea which was cunxertcdmton force surpassing that of armies, was not uiintiticcd by tho kçen and subtle mind of the great Liberator of tho people It was not nticssary for bun to go into a detailed history of tho variouA unsuccessful efforts windi hod bein mndo previous to tho tuno ot O Connoll to eslnbli&lisoiuokind; of, oigimiaition for tlio protection of Cniholic interests Itisonmgh to say that ovory ono of them hod foiled, and that their xory failure, through the discontent and discouragenu nt whieji thoy uri diiecd, jdid morp to set dilBculties in tho pith of tho Libciatoi than if Ihfey n0vei hod existed nt all How could ho bo supposed to possess gifts which others xvero not endowed with? AVhy shuuM hu suitücd w boa olbeiso\ery bit us cneigetic nnd ablo lui I sigmlly cailed J AVbot whs tho uso of repealing an otpetimont whihhul Veen made already, and lied shown what it w as worth by its results» Such w oro tho cucBof tho* disheartened nd of thoso who hud good reason indeed to ¡,i\ 0 up ovory e >rt in despair-such was the feeling of cvoiy ni in mix CMIIO savo Daniel 0 Connell Such gentlemen as Di Cn, Mr O'Connor, and tho uicuinph lied Mt, Wy st, had d mo' their best, and were genuine pat! ols But leinung s îse, and culture weio not endlich lo w 01k such 11 iixoliitiuiils Ireland requued They foundod tlip |tn_ Caibolib \ sot a tion, but it boro w ithin it the seeds of ita own dissolut 1011 Not lo speak of minor causes, tho xery presence of such men as Lord Tnmlcston and Lord fan/to w is enough te exuso a rupture in any species of society llio ono was still, with all tho arroganco of a nobility estranged from public stnfo and unused to mixing- with the pooplo; the other wai a nobleman who had learnt tho amonitios of life¡in the con Ls of king», and was unablo io brook tho supercilious mann -r and overbearing tono of him who became his natural nval mid opponent. Two parties wcro formed ut onco, und in th»ir fonnution tho Catholic Association ceased to o-cist, as Ibo besly is a corpse when the soul has lied from it. From l this timo forward tho action of tho Citholic body was Pimply n repetition of flint antagonism and disunion which had led to so Dinny bloody fields in the heroic times of Iro ' land-a spirit which almost appeared insopai ible from tho I people, so ubiquitous and constant was its presence when- ever men associated themselves together to secure somo eommon advantage for tho country. Lord Kenmare, tho ammblo nobleman, hardly equal to fighting tho world in stubborn times, resuscitated tho committee simply to fco it meit into thin air. A second lessooiatton y>ns fonned in 1790 under tho leidcrslnp of Mr. Keogh. Kooph was much moto like tho man thal tho Catholic b sly needed. Bred in the merchant service, of u coarse, rough, and determined manner, ho blended pi tulenco with boldnoss, and might, had ho known the secret of cresline; n -trotig public opinion, havo dono much towiuds advancing too liberties of his country. But, liko tliootlior^, his committeo vvftB nnnble to oxist in a country whore tbo first iden of ad- hesion seems to havo boon . lost. It wes dissolved. Then carno other attempts which ncoel not bo referred to, but yvhich wcro as Iiltlo successful as thoso winch mid preceded thom. It is enough to montion tho nantcs of thoso who wcro the moving spirits in thom- men of respectable medi- ocrity, but not one of whom towered abovo tho rost with acknowledged superiority-to show how natural^t was that their varions attempts should have fallen short of anything, liko success. Composed of nlembcrs of tho clergy, tho nris tocracjyand tho' har, thoy represented simply'a helpless confusion of good intentions, which never resulted in any' permanent advantage to -the causo. Lords Fingal and Gonnanston, French and Trimloaton,.with,Dr.'Gromgoolo and Dr. Troy, vvith Scully, Hussey, and Clinch, mot, dis- cussed, and disngreodj and wore altogether incapablo of. forming what alono could achiovo any valuable tri.umpliB a compact and united force, directed as it wpro by bno master genius, who wes ,'capablej of'turning onch'rono'si ' talent, foi time, and position to account. After at leist four or five distinct attempts had been made, and ' had fallon through, tho Catholiobody BoemB to havo gi von up as hope- less tho idea of advancing tho liberties of the people Viy riienns of committees, associations, and boards. The countiy was ' paralyzed and began to sleon tbo sleep pf iholplossnoss and despair. Their ona hopo hau boon to .cieito thp icloin vclle, tho tdem ifallc, ana. ihoiidcimtcuttre de Mepiili(icn, mid this hope or effort lind signally and disastrously failed. But there yvas one man whom no disaster could defeat, nu oppo- ( sition could tamo, nb adversity could dismay; and that man wes Daniel O'connell. AVhllst tho country and its'natural lenders had thrown up cvory f luther attempt in dospottd ency, O'connell and Shiel mdt hy chauc-o m 1823, lit a frietid's house, amidst tho mountains ' of (Wicklow. il-Yom^ his eniliest boyhood O'connell badi lived'on tho thiughtof serving his country. That deepest conviction that ho was to leave hor freer and -happier ni a his death than sho wits when ho waa bom still haunted him -liko,a,pliantom, and held him in its grasp. AYhon all, others had despaired of theil country ho felt that ' lils hour . had mined for saving her. ' 'His first effort at foiming a Cntholic orguniwition- wns-~inot with som, contempt, and ridipulo. Past efforts and, past fniluie-s vycre thravvn in his fnco.1 'Ile vvil« donouncod ad a lunatic, or a fnnaticjiwlipdidnótiknilw vyhallio was, doing, i Butgra , dually, in spile ot opposition, 0,Connell uinejo his influence felt. Kiu Iii st meeting was held in 'n dingy roo'm ot an ob- - honro filv'crn in Sackvillc-street. . AVith difficulty could the ' mini be« bo'got together. At one timo,,to complete the nccesnuy number for n quorum, O'Connoll hinisçU lushed into tho street, and 'captured two astonished Maynooth slvdciit-i, and almost by force compelled thom tojoin the meeting, tq prevent it prematurely, cqnimg^to .an cnj. Still ho pCireveitd. Gradually, ' a« men wore stiuok by his 'eiirnestnoS, his courage) and his untiring' powol of woik, tlicv 'began to believe tin him. The clotgy foil in' willi'-t||0 inovc'iiiqiijt ;, then Lord Kenmare, and tho aristocracy/ ; next, men of tho bar and wealthy merchants and ' > persons i of' influence' ' throughout the (Country, i It niat,tcied littlo who wa» jin thOjCfinir: theie was but one nilingand controlling mind in I his liest ' rc/il arsociiilion of Catholic vigout. Tho woight of O'Con lie H'H nulhorityj the masculino vigour of hut character, hi Î)i udencs-, boldnofis,' and extraordinary lrcsourcq, and then tis magic mnslery over the minds of all, ¡ont n cohesion and a unity td tho'vholo body, of yvhich ho was the] supremo mid guiding spirit, such ns < had neivor, in tho memory pf mun, been known, in Ireland bofore. To quoto the words of an intelligent Frenchman : " Ho nins thither (to'tho meeting of this association) on quitting tho Four Courts; and if by i-honco ho bo delayed, ,noouo presumos to take his place Heit is vi ho brings fonvard alf motions,, and directs tho discussion, and who carries'every question which ho thinks proper to propose - AVken ho rises, thoro is an immediate silence upon all sides; ,whon he sits down and ceases speaking, tho room resounds with penis of applause; and when ' ho retires, the essociiition retires also." Such is tho spoil of genius ! Such is tho power of one man btiptcindy endowed for achieving somo great and imghti purpose. He lind riow crcntcd that which Ireland wanted-onncsB of spirit and unity of action and a deter- mination of having a loador and following him. This association grew at length into a vast political machine Its influence yvns felt throughout tho island, from tho in- land loughs and mountains to the fishing smacks which . sailed around und about| tho coast., It was a kind ot network which, subtlo nnd invisible as it was, held togothei ns one man, and educated, enlightened, and oneouraged, the great masses of tho people, i All felt the sway, tho ubitrui, tous picccncoof ono niling spirit, all wore animnted wit!' a sanguine hope, and all relied with implicit confidence in tho stafenitanship and guidance of tho supremo director The pooplo ceased to bo simply n flock of helpless sheep at the morey of any shearer" Thoy began to feel liko men Unity bechmo n bond of confidence and a link df strength And, gradually, tho British Govornmont bogan to nivnkeu to the fact that tho down-tiodden Irish pooplo had become a nation-a' pafion fonnidnblc in tho majesty of their num bdrSj in the unity nnd intelligence of their action, and in the j justice; of tkçir stern dentnuds; a nnliou governed too, prac- tically, by a dictator chosen hy thcmselvosj a chief whosi unbending will, stubborn energy, and magie influenco ovei his countrymen had transferred to him, as a mutter ot fact, the renns of government from the British Crown. Hi w ill was law?, arid his law was so clear, distinct, and in- telligible that the veriest idol could understand it, and add strength to his designs. A man of intense practical gonius . and of eloquence which enthralled tho hearts of his country- men, a man w'ho had studied tho history of his native laud -'and" decreed'that sho should bo free ' O'connell now be- came the ru(or of, a nation created by hjs own statesmanship the dh ector,of, that grand campaign which was towinfo her a liberty 'unknown1 for 700 years.1 But more fully te effect his purpose ho established two other, nietliexlB of reich ing the peoplo's intellects nnd hoarts, and bringing about those' changes in'their traditiims without which his enfin scheme novcr could havo been fully .realized. Ho set or .foot nn ordor'or society of liberators, the object of willeri ^vns to putdovin.secret societies, to conciliate nil olas-es o'. Irishmen fn'ono'bnnd'of brotherhood* and affection, to pro tcct all person!) possessing tho oloetivo franchise, and to e\ 'tingiv'sli for ever'religious .animosities botwoon man ano man,. His ono t great effort was to rcplnco discord by uni versal biolhcrhood,nnd to carry honestly in thought of day under tho sanction1 bf the 'Constitution, thoso measurc which wercfor thoadvtintagoof tho pooplo. His second or rather Hiird,# method was tho "rent."' By means ot " the Catholic Bent-,'' which insisted on a subscription of one penny nmonth from oven' Catholic, ho would ho nblo to no1 a largo incomo of over .{60,000 a year for promoting Catholie interests.' Thero'w era many 'tyrannies which could bo mo', only by money-many obstacles which monoy nlono cwlt! rcmov e. Nor was this all ; by demanding from ovety It ish nmn a contribution tovyards carrying out schemes for thoii general good, each man, woman, and child would ex- perience a personal interest in tho work, would feel identified with it, and would representa real nud intelli- gent moral power in tho countiy. Thus, by means of the association, tho liberators, and tho rent, O'connell educated the ignoiihit, and vvddcd with one compact fon», front the highest peer- to the poorest peasant, tho millions of his country men. AVhilst thus united they wei o being politi- cally schooled, nnd were learning the groat lossons of order, obedience to law, and sflf-respcct, nud tho possi- bility of achieving great ends bv means of peaceful methods joined to virtuous and sober lives. So firmly wore thofo thtco intere8ts*sot togothor, that thoy could, at a mo- ment's notice, as it were, bo concentrated cn ono point, and when thus concentrated they wei e generally capable of secur- ing a certain victory. At length an occasion offered itself, in vv Inch tho organizations of tho Liberator could bo fairly tested. Mr. Vesey Fitzgerald, who had sat (in Parlia- ment for Clnrc,yvas about to take offico undor Government. A' now election was tho nat ural consoquence. Novel boforo this had a Catholic dreamt of contesting an election. But, it showed what a mighty change, in a short time, tho Liberator had wrought, ff ho could defeat Fitzgerald, and wore returned himsolf by tho votes of the ehjotors, lie would bo nbnost able to forco > emancipation from tho English Government. £14,000 wes placed nt once at his disposal. He issued his address ; ho hurried down to Clure. His task was a difficult one, for Mr. Fitzgerald woei well beloved. by tho pooplo. Buttha frcat champion of Ireland's rights was too powerful for ¡ni. The voters felt that they were under the protection of the asRoeiation. U'hoy had. been trained by thp enlight- ' encd principles of Daniel O'connell, and, for tho first tuno in fheir lives, thoy voted Uko, freo men-Kko patriots' who hod been educated-intoj:a genuino lbvo of country. Foi t vvcllnigh thirty years th'cy Jmd been, drilled and sdi'oolod , into habits i of discipline, and order. Knowing tho deep interests yvhich v.eio at stako, -thov observed tho strictest propriety-' and deoonuu. " AVhilst in old days neither, a marriage nor, a fuuoral could bo concluded without Mows being given and blood being drawn, now thirty thousand Irishmen could meet togethet mid cnpdgo in tho most intensely exciting duties without a singlo net being committed, which might bo exaggerated into a breach of tho peace. Neither would they, however poer,1 touch bnbos with* their fingers ; nor, however faint or dry, touch elrink with their Jins.' Tho energy and flngless labours of ono supiemo mind hod trained them into this. There was not u shoeless urchin in that vast concourse who vins not keenly alive to tho necessity of.doing his part in Uni'grciit work of liberation by u-lf-eontiol. There was not one mun or woui.ip, old or young, vi h > had not seen nnd loved and listened in rapture to tho Liberator ; nnd who was not ready to dio rather than olfond against the ,ltyvys. of, i ordci, sobriety, and seli-iespoct, which ho laid down for' them. "What " happened at Clare was but a mero picture of what took place throughout tho country. Tho Irish nation, es of ono accord, through tho magic of ono man's word and influenco, had determined to adopt that enlightened policy which has done moro to crcnto out of common clay heroic forms than any other method devised by human ingenuity. How coiucl Buch forco of unity and determination of pun*"0, bo thwarted in ita juBt just efforts after honest right« Y Is it possible to imagine a peoplo possessing in an intense degree all the rceiuiiiites for liberty, exhibiting in it in inner windi appealed te every mon of senso tho highest attributes of freedom, remaining slaves ? Tho test wax applied at the Claro elections. Menaces of ejection and threat« of assassination xvore made, but made in vain. Calndy, and with tho dcteiminotion of resolute men, the electors poured in their votes for O'connell. Those driven up uko mobs of cattle by the opposite party no a»oucr caught tho Hash of O'C'onncll's cyo than straightway they threw aside all fear of consequences and plumped for him. " They moy rob me of my fnnii, my pig, and my cow : they may sei/o my body, but thoy cannot touch my soul ! " war. the exclamation of one innn, who represented thousands of his countrymen, fiB ho boldly gave his vote for the Liberator. All tho pjpu lonty, prestige, and local influence of Fitzgerald >v,w power- less «gainst such organized and unbending determination as was marshalled ou that day. O'connell stood at tho ho id of tho poll by ncailv 1000 votes. Tbo Sheriff, amidst deofening shouts which rent tho aii1-tho shouts of a nafi ¡n fiom whom the chains had dropped-declared Diniol O Con- nell duly elected. He was immediately lifted, amidst deafening applause, into a chair of triumph. Accompanied by sixty .thousand ' men waving green boughs, ' liko a moving' forest thoy followed and surgcel round him as ho was borno through the streotBof Ennis by his friends. His progress from Ennis te .Dublin was suchas few kings have, in their prou'dcBt days, experienced. . At the entrance to ouo town, 4000 horsemen cunio out to cscsrt him to Ids residence with those lusty and monly 'cheers such as aro hnowh well to tho Irish soldier; At another, an army of 14,000 mon on horse- back Burioundcd him, and offered him a welcome Buch, as is » remembered 'or -spoken of to this day. .In>ono week "the rent "-amounted to £3000. On his J arrival at the capital ho conld look bock with pardonable, pride to ono series of magnificent ovations which followed upon his successful 'of ."toil and ,turmoil, tho curk and óare" ho had, gono 'through'to mould it ¡nto'shnpo, nnd to awaken within it tho high'attributes of libel ty. lie had breathed his own bold, piudont,' And energetic spirit into his countrymen, and thoy .TCOOgmYcd'in-hinitho founder of their manhood and origin .of their freedom.' AVheii the result of,tho election for Clare ..beenmo-known-in England, it« people and thoir rulors were Struck dumb with ,amazement. ' It was looked upon as !' tbo most extraordinary event tliat hod ever occurred under a system of representative, government," and many thoughtful perBons declared,tliat O'connell had done moro in ono day lor tho .liberation of Ireland " than had boon done in ti rty years' by ¡ill 'other men." Now for tlio first time for 700 years the power of tho Irish peoplo was making 'iieclf1 felt with resistless' forco upon tho British Govern- ment. Up te this, every concession tint had , bccnimndo was . nbt» 'the; effect of- -Irish innuendo ? a« imucli- OB,-thatf-of .foreign , complications. In a i cbuntiy. where men wore broken up in factions, an 1 baund I in thqchaiiiB of secret societies, and divided against each i oilier- in a'cotiniry where the'only one monotonous, method , of gaining liberty, was by physical violence, there won littlo' I tb bo'i'cnicd by such a power os Great Britain. It was ro I dnccd to a' Bimplo''eiuc8tionl of mechanics. The heavier 'weight prevails. AVithdut entering into tho reasons of it, it was o pèlent fact to all, except the stone-blind, that as a 'military p0Wcr,'in tho forco of swords nnd muskets, .England .has over been tho master. A European com tilicntion wns tho only possibloevent iu whim Irol.iud could i 1 do nmch by rising. ? And^ueh complicutions, from whatever I cnuse, never for 7C0 years, and that is a long period, brought anything but a deopor slavery upon the country. But O'connell modo the grand discovery ' w hieb ' developed Ireland's , real Btrength. If England wet c more powerful 'by bruto force, Ireland was ' m'oTO poxverful with moral force. Her voiy sufferings, up I'cnling' for centuries to the world, were on nor sido; I whilst tho tyranny of England drew upon'her, even from . her bett nnd most enlightened statesmen, words of reproach , and sometimes deeds of anger. AVhy ohooso tho xvcapon in which yon ma evidently tho weaker, and reject that which lit onco throws tho advantage on. your side ? Why fight England with tbo sword when'tho, sword is her acknow- ledged forte, and not attack her xvith tho mighty influences ,of justice and right, of liberty and 'freedom, by which you , may prevail? This is what has been dono by tho, . Liberator. That is what turned tho conn- . cils of Great Britain ' into confusion. ' England ' wns attacked -at lnst in her weakest,, her vulnerable ' point by the strongest arms that Ireland could wield-arms which now BIIO was brandishing for tho first timo with such astonishing effeot. AVollington and Pool wore mon of keen insight and stanch courage. Thoy would gladly have loft Ireland in her bonds. But, looking across the'Irish seo, they sow there a united peoplo, sternly, artel with a sublime luiiiniuiity, clniming thoso rights xvliich no longer could be denied. Every nation of Europo, the great peoplo of America, all the .world was ranged sympathetically, nay, clamorously, on the side of Ireland : the whole civilized globe condomned tho policy of England. And then " the Roman Catholic Association," soys Macaulay, " began -to exercise authority such as tho Irish, Parliament, in rho days of. its inde- pendence, had nevor possessed. An agitator becamo more powerful than tho Lord Lioutenant. Any explosion of . ieeling on ono Bido of St. Goorgo's Channel was answered by a luuder t xplosion on tho other. Tho Claro election, the Penenden Heath meeting, showed thnt tho timo of evasion nnd delay XVOB post." AVollington, who " could neit'com prebend "the possibility of placing Catholics in n Protestan Legislututo with any kind of surety," now found it safo to admit thom. He, xvho was tho king of physical forco tbo conqueror of the great genius of war, Napoleon, wa met by a still moro formidable antagonist ; by one xvho wielded a different weapon-a weapon of moro tempered metal, of keener edge, of moro divino workmanship than lind been dreamt of by his philosophy ; and h ? W-OB vanquished. Ireland hod at last confronted England fairly - England led on ' by her most mighty general-and England xvas conquered : conquered in an equal fight; and tlio surliness with which she laid down her anns showed the intensity of her morti ?' ficalion at her discomfiture. Tho King, who shrank with terror from putting his name to tho Act of Emancipation, was only induced to do so by a greater terror in Blore for him ¡.hould ho have refused. His memorable words to Sir Har- court IICOB contain, as in a nutshell, a summary of the posi- tion occupied by Daniel O'connell and of tho acknowledged vu tory achieved by tlio Irish people. " There uro three kings in this country," exclaimed tho irritablo monarch, .'King Arthur (Wellington), King George, and King Don; hut King Don is tho most powerful, and will oust tho other iwo." Meanwhile, a petition had boon presented iigninst llio return of O'connell for Claro. Tho potition was ovor ?ulcd. On tho loth of May hopioceeded to tho House tn niko tho oath. Tho interest and excitement in London «tie intense. The streets leading to St. Stephen's wore i hoked with denso masses of peoplo-traffic was, stopped., 11 became impossible to movo from Charing Cross to the House of Commons. Tho Chambor itself piesontcd nu unusual spectacle Every available space w-ns occupied, l'ccisnnd peeresses took ndvantago of their'privileges to * look upon a sight which to tlicin was littlo less limn miraculous; to witness a mon who had created one nation, md with it lind defeated another, taking his sont in the Legislature of tho Empire-a ' seat which ¡ ho, by his own mdi-mitablo perseverance, had mighty forces of England . arrayed ? against him- a sint xvhich ho i was about to claim as his just" ' uglit in the veiy presence of thoso great powers which lind cuilesocd in order to defeat him . in his objecl. ' Hu (the spcakci)-would not weary them with an account of tho petty bit of needlefcs persecution which for tho'momont prevented O'Connoll taking his-seat. Nor xvould ho ven- ture to detain them with a picture of tho Liberator pleading for his rouse before the bar of the House of Commoits: It is enough to BO.V tbat ho pleaded in vain. "Are you willing," snid the Spcokor to him, "to talto the oath of Supremacy.'" " Allow-mo to seo it," said O'connell. After looking nt it ii moment, ho fixed his eye upon the chair, and s'lid, in a Iii ni. cltor voice : "In this oath I seo ono assertion as tj n mutter of fact which I know tobe falso ;, I seo a second assertion as to matter- of opinion . which I' do no1 believe to bo true." Ho then retired. A fresh writ was issued; the Liberator wns returned a second lime by. tho Claro electors, and took-his beat in tho ' Biitish Houso' of Commons. , All this Bunill tyranny chow's two things : the innate repulsion which still existed in England against admitting tho mosses of tho Irish people to civil and religious liberty, and the gonuine power which O'connell had evoked to meet it. Tho now opposition ho encountered at ovory ,turn simply sorve 1 to make his victoiy moro triumphant and moro conspicuous. And tho peoplo fully realized the benefits ho kui conferred upon them. Ho had spent and been spent in their service, and they recognised his claim. For twenty-nino long years of toil, contention, and incessant labours, such as would havo killed an onlinnry man, ho had striven for their sakes. Ho had sacrificed his profession and his own pursuits out of lovo of thom and of his country; and they, in turn, idolized him as no man over before xvas idolized, and maintained him, out of their poverty, with tho munificence of a prince. Thoy felt, ? indeed, that no reward could adequately represent his sor vices. He had created a nation out of tho dust-tho grindings of tyranny and slavery. Ho bad united a pooplo which, never in its long history, hid ever before boon united ; ho educated the mosses of his countrymen as if by personal presence ho bad como in contact with" them ono bv one. As no other man ever did, ho infused his own spirit into millions, and mado thom as ono man-charged xvith his own principles, breathing his own aspirations, and following out, though against tho natural grain, tho rules and ordere xvhich ho (as it ho were some divino lawgiver) laid down for the in. Secret societies, tho bono of oil political lifo, withered in the land; the voice of freedom song with all tholiborty of a new creation; mutual hatreds nnd religious discords, if not obliterated, weie brought under ROUIO command ; whilst tho moral tone and character of tho peoplo Xvas so much altered, BO for elevated above'what it had been, thnt strangers who revisited Ireland after O'connell Jioddond his work wore struck xvith astonishmont at the chango, Nevor boforo has ono man worked so mighty a revolution as to create a nation, and to sow within every unit of wliioh it was com- posed the elements of liberty nnd the gouus of freedom. If in thib picture ho ((he speaker) had throw» .some momentary shadow iicioes, tho fair t.imo of his country, it wns not bee.tif-0 1" did not entertain as intonso a lovo of, fatherland ns ¡my other. But ho d'il ne.t "oniify himself willi tho errors uf thuo who hr.d, finn time to time, possessed' the reins'of gavoin nicnt. Men pass away, tyrants die, mid liiivo to go 11 ttioir account, but ono's fntheilmid still lives on-her overtaking hills and teeming valleys, her busy morts and her clanking towns, her bnght seaports, and tho broad outlines of her liberty, ötill Burvivc, still livo on as generation after genera- tion is gathered to tho past. Lovo ' of country does not mean blindness to the errors and crimes of her children-1 docs not mean concealing the iniquities of thoso who aro hers in name, but who aro unworthy of her in tho action of. their lives ; but he took patriotism to mean a stem antug-i onism against all that lessens ono'n country's reputation-rt voice ready at all timcB to condemn conduct unworthy of her fair namo, and stigmatizing boldly, and publicly branding with eternal infamy if necessary, as a warning to other«, base and heartless persecutors of their follow-men. This is true' patriotism-to lift ono's country up in the seile of nations, and to let the world know that the tyrant and the oppressor, if they are to livo at all, shall livo a« warnings iii tho minds of future generations. And, indeed, every year is bringing in greater light of charity and lnrger views of the rights of humanity. Each génération, es it -passes away, carries with it some error, «onie intellectual disease which gives place to abrighterlight of tntth and a healthier idea of liberty- at least so it should bo; and so in m ray ways it is. O'Connell set the great example. He t-uiriic, not Ireland or Knghind only, but tho civilueil.v >ild a lesson-a set of political priiieiplcs which aro capiblo of in} definite expansion, daily improvement, and endless appUca tion. No man of modem times has eist on this choqucreel world so bright, so broad, so softening a light. - And all future generations will drink of this eloar fountain, will cat of this sweet bread of liberty, and will look, up to henvon and blc«s O'Conncll's name ! He hoped that now he hud, i partially at least, fulfilled his promise of shov/ing ¡what O'connell did. Time did not permit him to draw out it its fulness tho entire breadth of the ^ Liberator's mind. Wherever the form of freedom showed itself, ho was in the van-mnking way for her advance. His keen byo for liberty penetrated beyond thoso of the most distinguished statosmon of his, time. Nearly every groat measure tío' supported or fought for has eventually boen ' carried In tho interests of liberty and for the benefit of tho world'. He seems to .have. fulfilled Schiller's definition of genius when he said it con- sists, "not in following tho past, but in creating the future.'.' 'Who waa moro vehement than lie in fiis'advocacy of the ights pf man throughout thotworld ? Amidst thusq, able statesmen who fought for reform in 1832 ha wa^ itnpngst the most activo.- Ho saw with a dear oye that-feeu frailo woiüd bring the granaries of tho w,orld to foeditho poor of England, nnd ho battled for it witli.n heavy hand. « ,IIo yyrtti only second to AVilb'erforeo himself ,in his., exertions, for the emancipation of the slave ; anej ho comba(ttod,fortb2 rights 'if Boland as if they yvc'io his own.,. Ho fitiliff pd posed, -Uto -poor i lows, defended tho rights "of soldiers against tho lash, advocated ' freedom fur the Church, and wherever he «óuld' striko d' 'blow'. \vvKich would bo of sorvico to tho interests,1 "tho cnlighfoneil ntorcsts of humanity, ho Btruck - it with 'all his might, and all his heart went with it. < Dut'timo'-Woes nbl? ponnli even tho hare enumeration of thojjrinciples and n>oasures which ho ndvocnte'd and oxoitcd iàr\tho,'go/x] or matt. SufUioit to say that tho obstacle« halve beem'elascxji; d vhieh stood in tho way of that maiiii object vvjiiclr Ibu.'given his nanto, eternal .renown. , Tho political rtcrror, illa .religious fanaticism,,and the'crass ignorance of Great jBr-iiiiu-Lint colossal power of rcsistam o' was,'without the sp.M.-t,r of ti drep of blood,' and without'ft singlo act of' diebyalr/: to. the Crown, overcome' 'Ho found' n nation ia tho ú-"i,"para- lyzed, cowed dovvnj trembliiig ; throbbing him-iilí 1u ;Ü! hi veins vvith a--spirit of fiery ' freedom, ¡ho rh'.tf J ii up and converted it into a power . wlui-'A Gr-'it Britain was unablo to , resist ; and( hu , li):u iel), having raised up his people, did What 'm iiiniiji man at that day would havo imagined possible- li i '«fens himself in opposition to n'favourito ¡candidate lit ("he C1« o ejection, yvns returned, and in tho face, ol' all his /- lamont took his sent in the Imperial Parliament, there to, ii-jwrt the liberties "of his countiy, and by tho Ihundorin'r ijuf h's denunciation of,wrong, and hy Iii» iitisculine. .hu mi-' answernblo logic, to break into.,dust' the afgdm-iib i'f oppression and tlioso pretexts for .tyranny, by... 1,0)1,11! country had been degraded from her place-nnn.ij;s!; °t'l I nations for wellnigh 700 years. ,Yes, it is. friirv he I i gone; but ho lives amidst us with a larger life Ti-nihi i but mellow ed his growing faino. Distance is hu i,iiig o,i his full proportions; and tho world - can w./ loi upon tho figure of a man who, has no ¡ike Jj his originality of genius, his practical Hl-.d^itn "j ship, his vast influence over his people ; and yviv-, like ii other ever read of, created a nation, and fieed it by means-> principles which, nt tho samo timo thut they wroughtfrot dom amongst men, brought order, loynlty, solf-ro-pect, nuil mutual charity to bear upon the millions of tho pojplo. Whilst the tree Of freedom's withered trunk puts forth a leaf, Kv-er for thy tomb a Rarland let it be-' . ' The Fomm'B champion, and tho People's chief Having thus attempted to show what tho Liberator did, hf would presently proceed, after the bursting music had sen: up a glorious odo to Heaven, to touch briefly on what In s.iid, and whatho was-to speak of him na an orator and ns a man. , The address of his Graeo was listened to with great attention, nnd was frequently interrupted by spontaneous bursts of applause. Three cheers for Archbishop Vaughan were given at tho closo of his nddress, tlireo cheers for the Queen, and three for Daniel O'connell. It may be stated that tho monoy takon at the gate, during tho morning's pcrfonn.mces amounted toov'erflOO. It was not possible to ascortaiu the result of tho evening's entertainment, on account of a number of tickets having been sold, but front tho great crowd in the building-osti-' mated at over GOGO- thoro can bo little doubt that an equally large amount was realized last night. It is not a little gratifying to find that the monetary results of the demonstration are so favourable, considering the object to which it is proposed to devote the proceedings-the foundation of a scholarship-to be called " The O'Connell Scholarship "-in connection with the St. John's College, affiliated to the Sydney University. There is very little doubt, from what has beeni already achieved, that the O'Connoll Scholarship will soon be an accomplished fact. Before closing this notice it should bo recorded that tho arrangements juaelo by the coimnitteo were so far perfect that, notwithstanding the magnitude of the demonstration, there was no hitch in the proceeding, but everything pnsscd off according to the programme, in thp most satis inetory manner. Great praise is especially duo to Mr. J. M'Garycy,who marshalled tho morning's procession, and to! the hon. secretaries-Messrs. J. P. Garvan and T. M. Slattery-yvho were almost ubiquitous, and indefatigable in their endeavours to mako'tho" O'connell centenary celebra- tion what it proved to be-a great success. The following is the Cantata written by Dr. Badham : EXILE. WITH CHORUS. THE stars that watch our slumbers never know thee, Erin, nor cheered the cradle of our birth; And to long-fasting eyes, that fain would view thee, Stands as a wall the solid globe of earth. Still dream we out the dull relentless story; Zone after zone of the unchanging sea; Across the sun's diurnal path of glory- On! on! until we wake, but not on thee! AVhnt ive could savo of theo, that boro wo hither, The Exile's only wealth, the onodear thought, ','' Tho one dear name, that shall bo last to wither,- ' > To wither when all memories are nought. r But now 'tis as tho sea's returning waters Filling trio Bhores and inlets of tho soul ; . I For through the yvorld shall Erin's sons and daughters This day their great Deliverer extol. . But como lemo, minstrel of our choice ! ' AVo know thy father was our Champion's friend : ' Now let thy harp and voice Each strive for mastery, eachyyith tho other blond ! IERNE. RECITATIVE. It was an aged seer who sought to gain A silent deathbed upon Tara's sod; And, ere he yielded up his soul to God, 'Thus did he utter his prophetic strain : AIR If, Erin, thy birthright wcro other than queenly, If dull wero thy mind, as ignoble thy woes, . No power had Fortuno to nick theo so keenly * ? By mocking and marring what Nature bestows.' Thy brow was for mirth, but tho rents of thy mourning Reveal all the furrows thy shnmo would disguise, ' And tears ever hang on the fringes adorning Thoso orbs that should mirror the dopths of tho skies. 0 dowered with gifts ns tho darling of Heaven, Made rich but to spoil, and made fair to betray ! But the hour is appointed, the Champion is given ; The dark Bpell that binds theo shall vanish nway ! ' l'ko sound of one voice all thy thousands shall rally ; No threat Bhall they utter, no sword Bhallthoy draw: March, march to your triumph ! while Peace in her valley Reposes sereno in tho shelter of Law. ClIOltl'B. Hail, mighty Orator ! Hail, wiso Defender ! A\ iping ioul attaindet from our ancient creed ! , Song cannot tell of theo, Art cannot render Ought whereof tho splendour matches with thy deed !. Free as tho thunderbolt scathing the offender, Spurning at sunender till thy race wero freed ; Dire jn debate, and yet as woman tender, Counsellor, bofriender of the sons of Neod. ,' " AN EXILE. " nriClTATIVE. . .' Hear how, with temperate and dauntless word, " ( He scouted faction and denounced the sword :-*" i . v, ', ' A,n' ' f ¡i \ "His heart is not of Freedom's hue,, ' ' ' His hand is not to Freedom trac. ¡ -AVho w cars tho Btealthy dagger at Ids «¡do... I ' Halt-hearted patriots ! by you . ,, - . ' The despot and his crew Ai c iti-ide more strong and well-nigh justified.. ! i .'Oh !. help nut those who batten on vnitr harms , ' Bv ¡ëlo mullering,oniLdimdistmou'lriris!.,,, ,i , , \ beek net with curses to affray, ' " Foi Vi I 'cr aff i ightcd is a beast of prey ; And shame wjll pierce, where menaces rebound. Hardening the" breast thoy cannot wound, 'I I \ Il c calm keen eye fixed on tho offender a foco (Bather as offering than asking graeo), Surer han any dort C m shoot remorse for jnriquited wrong So deep into the heart Hat starthd Conscience weeps for having slopt so long Out on tho sword ' out on tho sword ' It e,onds the injustii o wh eli it cannot smite Bo Itcahon'f 60vcicign word Tho only wiopon of your countless thrones ' Sw eil loud the diopoHon of Our right ' 1 or justice pcilm0 fiom ten thom, ind tongucB Is as n tmmptt ot the Lord of Hosts Tho Btrongbolds of tho proud without a thruBt, Fall lint before it, whtlo tho duet Mounts from tho crumbled towera liko their departing ghosts CIIOHC-S II ii i lit) Orator ' hail wiso Defender ' te &o; H L A PRIEST H sp ke nnd conquere) and ho spoaketh still ' Out i ti Ibu sword1 out on the swordf Oin)' beor tliy Libontor H Word, And let his warning through thy bosom tbnll ' Oh sit not taring o ertlie Atlantiomain On the st who m irtthy miscnest for gaip 1 rust npt tho f ciynng pity that distils 1 livcnotned holm upon thy 'rankling ills, And ni(,os on tho maddened host to close In deadly strife With brothers turned to foes Look not to G »Um with her drooping crest, N o help hath Galba in her sad unrest ?\ ct kcop the sword ' yot keep tho sword ' It is a treasure to bo stored Against the day thot comes upon tho world AVhen from the barbarouH North is hurled Ihi thundnboltof brutal conquirors , AVhen tliat foil domen v bom thy soul abhors, AVho stamps the hool Of military rulo On Church and Senate Guild and,Sohool, And olanltB dolí meo m tho Houso of pnvyor, (Art thon not thei o 0 Lord ? art thou not there ?*) AVould lex el Tito one Impi rial waste AVhotcver J. uno has built or Virtue graced - TI in, brethren all ' yo brethren all ' flic guirdinns of 1 rcedom s chosen 1 md ' 1 or your united islands stand, I ocked in the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall . Cnonos Yé brethren all ' yo brethren all ' T he guardians of Trccdom s chosen land ' Tor your united islands Btauel, | Locked m the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall ' 