CURED BY FIRE. 'KITTY, my darling,' said I, 'there's no sort of sense in it. I would bear a good deal for your make; but there is a point, you know, beyond which for bearance ceases to be a-virtue.' Kitty sighed, and nodded her head. Wre had been married scarcely a year, Kitty and I, and we were talking of my wife's uncle, Jonathan Pennywort. Johnathan Pennywort lived With us. Kitty had always bIeen his adopted daughter, and he had no other home. Jonathan Pennywort was one of the ni:est old gentlemen in the world, but Jonathan Pennywort was bed ridden. To be bed-ridden, like poverty is no disgrace, but it is exceedingly incon venient, particularly to yon, friends and relations. 'Yes, I know,' said Kitty, softly. 'And 'you're not rich, John, and of course I can but feel that it is a vei'y great tax on you.' 'I wouldn't care a fig for that,' said I valiantly, 'if it was really inevitable, but I don't think it is. Your uncle Pennywort, my dear, is as well able to walk as I am.' Kitty opened wide her- innocent eyes, and looked at me very much as ifI had said the world was coining to an end within two mniutes and a Lhalf. 'Mly dear John,' said she, 'your are crazy.' ' Not a bit of it,' said I. 'I have kept my eyes and ea-s open, and I have deliberately made up my mind to that effect.' - 'But, my dear, there's Dr Dod fil:--' 'Sa3s whatever your uncle Penny wort wants him to say, as long -as his quay terly bills are paid with regularity. Dr Dodfield is human, my dear, and doctors like their muoney as well as other people. Your uncle Pennywort is a sort of mronomaniac on the subject of his ailments-' - 'Yes,' said Kitty, with a little sigh, 'that is true. And he would be so much better if he could only walk about and exercise a lit le.' 'He can, my dear I' ' Well, why doesn't he, then ?' 'Because he thinks he can't. That'a all.' - Kitty was pondering the matter over in a certain intent way she has, when uncle Pennywort's voice was heard from the floorabove clamouring for a basin of gruel, and away she flew to attend his wants. ' Uncle, dear,' said Kitty, 'don't you think that if John were to give you an arm and I another,- you could walk a little way ? Don't you, uncle dear ?' Uncle Pennywort, as nice an -old gentleman as ever lived, if it wasn't for his aches and pains, groaned a hollow groan by way of reply. ' My dear,' said uncle Pennywort, 'I shall never walk again I' - 'Dear, dear 1' said Kitty. 'Never I' luguhlriously repeated uncle Pennywort. 'There's something organically disordered in my muscles, Dr Dodfield says, and I know it myself by the sense of feeling. I know I'm a great trouble, Kitty dear, but-"'' 'No, no, uncle,' said Kitty, laying her rosy cheek down -on the pillow beside the old Rnan's withered face, and beginning to cry. And when she came downstairs she looked almost indignantly at me, as she recounted the conversation which had just trans spired. 'Now, John, what do you think V' said she. ' 'Just what I thought -before, my dear,' I made answer philosophically. 'As if Dr Dodfield didn't know all about' the nerves,- and muscles, and all those horrid anatomical things,' said she. ' -. 'He knows too mnuch,' said I, 'that's the trouble.' Poor little Kitty I Like a straw on the waves, she was tossed about on the respective currents of D)r Dodfield's opinion, Oine, and Uncle Penny worts. . I sat down that evening and men tally figured up the whole thing in my mind. Uncle Pennywort would live ten' good years yet.-at least he hoped he-would. Ten years Three meals a day to be carried up and down stairs for ton times three hundred and sixty five days Gruels innumerable, possets beyond counting, warm drinks without end-Kitty worn out, myself exhausted, Dr Dodfield's purse and the druggist's money-drawer waxing plethoric, and uncle Pennywort no better off than at the beginning. 'It's worth the trial,' I said boldly to myself. I went to Dr Dodfield, and talked the matter over with him. Dr. Dod field shook his head and looked ineff ably wise. ' Do not urge my patient to move,' said he. 'The consequences may be more fatal than you think for.' ' Doctor,' said I, ' I believe he can walk as well as you or I can.' The physic;an regarded me with a sort of mild, patronising pity. 'Ah l' said he, 'that is all you know about it. Allow .ne to assure you, iny dear air, that if Pennywort were to make any such rash attempt, it would certainly cost him his life. This was all the satisfaction I got from 1)r ])odfield. But I-still clung to my own opinion. Uncle Pennywort had lain in bed just a year. Multiply that by ten and -it made my head swim. And a second time I said to myself ' It's worth the trial.' Kitty was invited out to tea that evening with Mrs Sampson, just rouad the corner. 'liad I better go?' asked'Kitty. ' OCertainly,' laid I. 'But who will wait on uncle Penny wort ?' ' I will.' So Kitty put on her blue rmerino dress with the little frills of white net lace around the neck and wrists, a: d clasped it with the cameo brooch I had given her for a wedding present, and went to Mrs Sauipsons. So, I went down to the cellar to get a bottle of wine for Uncli:Pennywort, I am naturally,a careful tman-so it is all the more Femarkable how I chanced to set the candle too near a barrel of shavings. However that may be, all of a sudden there was a smoke-a blaze-a general conflagra tion I - 'Fire-fi re -fire.' Every ragamuffin in the street woke up, swelled the cry-the'red reflection seen through the wire gratings of the cellar windows glimmered on the op posite walls I " Fire I Fire I. Fire!" " John I John 1 John I" belowed the stentorian voice. of my. Uncle Penn-ywort, from .the tliird floor front. " Fire I" shrieked the neighbours. 0 1 0 !" as the barrel of shavings in the cellar tumbled ovcr with a crash " there go the staves I" " Save yourselves, everybody I" bawled I, mPking an impromptu speaking-trumlpet of my two hainds. " There's asold gent upstirs as'll be burnt in 'is bed, if' the fire 'sca.e don't come'pretty soon," yelled the butcher boy. I could have hugged that youthful limb to my heart. " John I Kitty I Somebody I Every body I" screeched Uncle Pennywort, shrilly. But' nobody came to his rescue. I saw.to that I In the midst of the confusion a hand was laid on my shoulder, and I found myself face to with Kitty,' who was trembling very much. " Jolhn I Johri l" she cried, point ing and shaking. her finger up the stairway, " he's burned to death, and that is his ghost I" " No ghost atall, my dear," said I. "Only Uncle Pennywort himself coming downstairs as brisk as a cricket." Uncle Pennywort it was, wrapped in a patchwo.ik bedquilt, like a pro digious mummy, and trotting along like any other elderly gentleman. " Where's the fire ? cried Uncle Pennywort. "' What is it ?V Which way shall I run ?". " It is nothing but a barrel of shavings 'down in the cellar, Uncle Pennywort," said I. " And it's all out, long ago I But you have re covered the use of your limnbs l" " I have I" said Uncle Pennywort. " Its a Miracle; but I thought I was going to he burned to death,. an'd-" He bank down exhaiusted on a chair. Uncle Pennywort did not go to bed again. lie had tasted the luxury of walkitig, and having :dismissed Dr Dodfield when he next came, he set tied down into the bosomn of our happy family. And now that old uncle of mine walks his six uiles a day re gularly I 