ACCIDENTS AKD OFFENCF.S. Oo Sunday, STtu December, Mr Wil liam Smith, of Oatlautlt, came into Hobart Toivu by the coach tor the the purpose of obtaining medical advice in a seriJus affection of disease of the heart, from which he was suffering. He returned home in Burbury'& coach ou the 29th Dec. ana, wnue gieppiug irom me inside ot tuc coach, suddenly fell, to all appearance dead, against the pole of the conveyance. He was carried to hh* residence, olid after about an hour, during watch be exhibited uncon scious signs of vitality, life was found lo be extinct. The deceased, who is about 6!) years of age, has suffered for bouic time from the disease which, doubtless, caused his death ; and we have been ioformed that during bis jouroey in the coach he exhibited all the symptoms of a fatal attack, lie leaven a wife, but no family . On the SSlli December James Bracken, William Atkinson, and two other boys named Gunu weul down the Tamar to Pig Island on a pleasure excursion taking a fowling picix with them. They were wetting the sail to catch the wind better and bad put Ibo gun under tlie seat* to keep It dry. in drawing it out again the trigger caught against a seat aud the gun, with a large charge of shot in, went off, wounding Atkinson severely in the right arm and a considerable portion of the charge lodged in Bracken's right leg. The poor tadtt put their wounded limbs in the water on the way up to town, at the coolness afforded them temporary relief. Tbey were taken to Hospital and are now Iu a fair way towards recovery. On the .10th December a man named James Webb, whose arms had been scvcrely bumt, was admitted to the Launcestou Hospi tal. He had fell asleep alongside c Sre in tlie bush at Cluan, wheu his coat sleeves caught fire, and before ho could get the coat off his arms were much burnt. Au inquest wai held iu the Richmond district in the beginning of the month on the body of Miss Kllen Stokell, an elderly lady, who liad been found dead in a hole conULiulng water abont a foot deep. The deceased was subject to fits and the facts led to the inference that she had fallen Into the hole while In on*, of these attacks. The medical testimony was to the effect that there were no appearances of drowning. The jury returned a verdict that tbe deceased fell Into a water-hole while in a fit, and was smothered. MUs Stokell was a daughter of the late Mr George Stokell, who died e. few weeks ago at Bokeby House, Clarence Plains. Onthesnd January MrRodham [J. Douglas of Evandale, was In town on business, and was on his return home, driving in a chaise cart, shortly after 1 o'clock when he pulled up at Mr Goodgcr's shop In Wellington street. While looking abont him the bridle became loose and the horse frightened; Mr Douglas pulled the reins but the bit got so twisted that the horse was pulled In against the fence of tbe old hospital i Mr Douglas wu thrown out of the vehicle and n wheel of the chaise carl passed over his left thigh fracturing It severely. Dr. Maddox was tent tor and he recommended that Mr Douglas be conveyed to the hospital, ts greater facilities would be found then for setting the fractured limb than could be found elsewhere. Mr H. Vallentine and others ottered Mr Donyhts theme of a room, but he declined these kindly offers and pre ferred belo. taken to l)asallal. Mr ValUn. tine, Mr McKenzie, and Mr fc J, Doolan ohklnea a stretcher belonging toMrDoolan, and with theassiatanc* ot tiro other persons the; conveyed Mr Douglas a. care#7' they could to the hospital. Ur Douglas bore his sufferings, with remarkable patience, and when lyiiiif waiting for the stretcher he wrote u note to Mrs Douglas, informing her in mild term* that he bad met with an acci dent which detained him in town. After Mr Douglas was thrown out, the horse rushed across to tbe opposite side of the street and seemed about to dash into a shop, when Mr McKenzie rushed up, at great personal risk secured tho horse, and wftli assistance from others got the harness off. We have much pleasure in stating that Mr R. G. Douglas recovered so speedily under the care of Doctors Maddox, Murphy and Wigan that he was removed from the hospital to a private residence on the same evening, and he is progressing towards re- covery as rapidly as can be expected. A most sad and cJtscri'SHi'iig accident oc cuned near George Town an the 13th iust. Mr ICenncth Smith, of GeorfieTown, and his si»irr .\\!i*B Albenla Smith, went from Georfjc Town in a small soiling boat called tlic Mystery Ui pay u visit to Mr Wilinarc of Blackpool Hill, in Luns-ltcacli. They them umli on board Mls« Annie CorJcll, u^ed 13 yourj.adauijlitcrof Mr Cordcll.of the schooner Sylph, wIid lia I been sniyiiis at Mr ivHnioroM, and left to return to Georirc Toivn at 9 a.m. ou the 13lh. The wind was blowing hard from the north west, and ivhcu off tlic Sling Hock, opposite Port Umpricre, the boat cap sized Tlie accident was seen from Port Letnpriere null Mr William Leonard with Messrs Lambc and Folcy jumped into a boat and pulled for the scene of the disaster. They pulled about for some time, nd found Miss Smith's body floating, but life m of course, extinct, and there was no appearance of the boat or the other holies. Mr Chief District Constable Simpson, of George Town, and others have since been dragging tor tbe bodies, but without success. Mr Kenneth Smith, aged 32 years, son of Mr Malcolm Laing Smith, the oldest magistrate on the roll in Tasmania, was well known in Launceston, on the North West Coast, and amongst the islands in. the Straits. He was a genial, good-natured young man, and his sudden death will be sincerely regretted by his numerous acquaintances. His sister, Miss Albenia, was a great sufferer for many years, and her brothers aud siBters paid her every attention to amuse her and alleviate her sufferings. Miss Cordell was a very interesting girl, and her loss is a severe blow to her father and mother. On the 14th instant, threo boats well manned began to drag lor the sunken boat, one with Mr Cordell, sen., the second with his son iu her, and toe tnird was tuc iwusu ana lusmauiau Charcoal Iron Company's boat with Chief District Constable Simpson. After some time searching with the drags that in the company's boat made fast in about seven fathoms of water, and, about 100 yards from the large beacon on the rock. Tho other boats soon got hold with their drags and shortly ascertained that they had found the sunken host. After working hard all day and obtaining addi tional assistance, the Mystery vra« raised about 7 p.m., but neither of the missing bodies were entangled with it as was hoped, and no trace has been found of them up to date. On Saturday, the 9th ot January, n man named Benjamin Francis, employed at the Waverlcy Woollen Factory, look up a dipper, believing It contained water, and took a mouthful of vitriol. Fortunately he ejected It without awallowin; much, and procured a bottle of salad oil which he drank off as an antidote to the burning liquid, and he could not have had a better. The vitriol took the skin off his tongue and lips, but lie was in town ou the 11th, and his mouth was then nearly well. The vitriol he spat out burnt his shirt and vest, and had he swallowed even a mouthful of it, be would probably have died in great agony. On the Oth January Mr George Robot ham, Ben., of Lymington, met with two sevoremisfortuncs. Hewas riding from his residence, Winburn, into tbo ioirnship on business on tbe above day, when from Borne unforsten cause his horse stumbled aod he was thrown violently to the ground. Mr Bobotham unfortunately fell on his head, andbcingstunned by the fall, laid on the ground some few minutes. On recover ing he found that with the ciceptionof a bruise on the head and a very severe shaking, he had escaped uninjured. Re turning homo later in the dsy, he was surprised to Gnd a portion of his rrop and fences on fire. The only cause to which tlie fire can in any way be attri buted is put down to a spark from the pipe of one of the men who were employed tn the adjoining paddock cutting down thistles. Nearly 300 rods of Icncinf! were destroyed, besides a large patch of wheat and barley. The paddock in which the Gri* broke out contains ni fine a crop of wheat on one portion, and Cape birley on the other, as anv farmer need wish to -ec and had tliu fire occurred about a foriiiipjht later the whole paddock would inevitably have been destroyed, but fortunately the ssp was not all out of the straw, and by great exertion the fire wns got under before any serious damage was done. The Hobart Town papers have on several occasions directed attention to the dangerous condition of tbe gangways surrounding tbe Gonstitution Dock, Hohart Town, caused by the reckless prsctice of stacking wood in such a manner as to render the passage of foot passengers almost an impossibility, About half-pant 5 o'clock on the 1 1th Instant, a boy named Bradley, about Hcvcn years of sgc, and residing in ilatliurst -street, fell into Ihedwk at thccEnt end. owing to palings being piled too near the kerliing to adinil of lad, while in tbe water,' arrested the atten tion of a seaman belonging to tbe barge Esther, naniedGeorgeUain. He immediately jumped in and reached the spot where the lad was struggling, just In time to catch hi-n by the scalp as he was sinking. He was subsequently taken into the boat by his deliverer, who also wruug his clothes, and offered him some brandy. The urchin, however, refused the stimulant, rucrelv saying that ho was ' full of wuter ' He afterwards went home. MrCliarlesMullinsand .lames McClntchy of the cutter George Town Pocket, arrived here by the steamer Pioneer on Mh inst , after having liven shipwrecked between the Pieman River and Macqnarie Harbor. In reaching Circular Head they had to en counter mucli hardship. Mr Mullins gave a statement of the particulars of tbe wreck to Mr Mayson, Stipendiary Magistrate at Circular Head, in which he says — 1(I left Launceston on the 3rd December IsbI witb a man named James M'Clutchy, in a small colter rigged vcBsel named the George Town Packet, about 12 tons burthen, for the purpo-e of procuring mutton birds and eggs. We visited tlic tfunter Islands and the Stocks, and all went well until Ihc 19th December, when with the wind blowing bard from the north-west, we were com pelled to lay-to off the Black Pyramid. The wind veering lo the wost, drove our vosrcI towards the Piemsti ftivcr, and on Ihe even ing of the 20th December finding all hope of saving the cutter gone, I determined to run her ashore in order to save our lives The vessel at the time woh leaking badly, had lost all her bulwarks and Ktancheons, and would have certainly shod foundercd,a- her deck had started. I headed her for a sandy spot, and after passing through about a mile of broken water, during which time we had great difficulty in holding on to the vessel, she struck, and in a few minutes broke up into fragments, J hud previously placed iu a painted canvas bag some blankets, a few ibs, of flour.and some matchcs.and tossed the package overboard. Tile bundle reached the shore safely and uninjured, and tlie dry blanket* and matches, &c; , were I believe (under Providence) the means of preserving our lives. The sails of the cutter camo ashore, and with them we mode a rude tent, and when we bod sufficiently rested ourselves (for previous to the wreck we hod been two days without fire and exposed to much hard ship), we we started from the scene of the wreck (some 16 miles soqth of the Pieman Hlvcr) In tbe direction of Macquarie Harbor, hoping to see some vessel at that place. After walking for a day, however, -ve got disheartened and retraced oursteps.and on the Mth of December we set off In the direction ofWoolnortb. We crossed the Pieman and Arthur rivers by means of raits, using some of our blankets lo fasten tbe pieces of wood together, and on the 31st December we reached Mount Cameron in a atarvinjr eondiUon. In a hot »t that place (the keeper being absent), we remained for two nights and a day, making use of a little Hour and tea and sugar. On ths 2nd Janu ary we left Mount Cameron with the Inten tion of making Woolnorth, but in this we failed, losing ourselves and finally reaching the Montagu at « o'clock p.m., where at the house of Mr Edward Evans we were most kindly treated, and here we remained until the morning of the «th January, when we left for Stanley, which place we arrived at on the same afternoon. It Ms Impossible to »T« anything Irom the wreck owing to the beavy surf beating upon tbe shore, and we had great difficulty in avoiding the draw back of tbe water, and so reaching a place of safely.' Mr MulHus expresses himself very grateful for the kind attention paid him by the people of Stanley, and on board the Pioneer. David Quinn, who It will be remembered was washed out of a boit with his slept other, ': Joieph Hazelwood, at Southbort, on the UlU Dec., was rccorcred by District Conslablo Hayes and Constable White, floating out to sea, on the evening of the 28tli Dec, about a mile and a half from the nctnc of accident. Too much pmisc cannot be due to both the police and inhabitants uf Suuthpurt for their exertions to recover the body of the de Henry FieldiniJ, a lad convicte 1 of hartag bren idle und disorderly, fliid seal c need lo six months' hard lubor no me time eince, was employed witb ol\wr prisoners on the swamp embai.Icti.eQi when he managed to effect lii» escape on ttie 4th January. Constable Edwards, of Youiiff Town, arrested Fielding on tlic 9th January. He found Kidding with ftoinc oihtr boys at the l'unch Bowl, a'm uc iitiorcn Rome rt'tusuincc ai (leaf, tint r.trugeM'3 wrc useless. He had pot rid of tlic prison clothing and was dressed in oM mole (rownens and a. pepper and salt colored coat. Fielding was brought up at tho Police Court ontup lutb, pleaded gui)ty to abscond ing, and had bis existing sentence extended ?.ix months. A colonial version of tbe scrie* of abominable practical jokes, by which so — were scared into fits in tlie suburbs of London some years ago. Is being given down at Saudy Bay. Some sense lessly mlscbieroufl scoundrel bas been in tbe habit for some time past of appearing esu ghost in the vicinity of St George's Church, and has become the terror of Die neighborhood. We arc informed that he nerer approaches anything more likely to trounce him thun a lone female, although he bss been seen by men occasionally, when he lie has taken care to keep at a respectful diflUince. He covers himaelf witb the ortho dox ftppulchml white sbcet, whI springs out upon name liLtlc bprvam, girl sent on un work, and has succeeded in seriously frightening nomc of his carefully selected victims. Thtt tort of thing, we are informed, has made a formal complaint to the police concerning it, who, otherwise, would long ego hare apprehended the cowardly sueaU. A doe h not always to be trusted because it happens to be a pet animal, for sometimes tberc Is a latent viciousness which finds vent in a most distressing manner, Last week, a daughter ol Dr. Turner, of Richmond, was playing with a little pet dog, wheu a big mastiff, which was usually her companion, and which she frequently amused herself with, as she wan doing with the hmaUiT animal, sprang upon her, knocked her down, and bit her nose off. The brute would probably have done still further injuries bad not the little dog interfered. The girl wo* eooQ after rescued from her perilous position. ft won supposed that jealousy incited the brute to attack the girl in that fcrociouR manner- At Belle rive, last week, a mongrel which had been prowling about the place for some time, attacked ihe daughter of Mr Martin, of tlic Uellcrivc Hotel, And strange to say, also bit her noBe, but did not fortunately take it off. Subsequently tbe name brut*1 bit the car of a bay mimed Burton, causing a that the two brutes were destroyed without loss of time. No reason is aligned for (he attacks made by the BcHcrivc dogs, but mongrels are not by any means the kind of animal! which one looks uponas trustworthy; tbe most of them nre treacherous brutes, aud ought not to be kept. On the I fit January, what might hate turned nut to be a acriouft accldeut, happened at the Huon Kcgntta. One of the soiling boats, the « Dcrwenl Belle,' whilst pursuing her course in the sailing race, and when just rounding the lower busy -boat, opposite Flight's liny, won struck by a squall and one of her crew thrown out and rIic filled and Hank. Mr VVhta'houw, veil knmrn as her ownrr mid builder, was laken down with her. It appear* that his (en got pntangrtfd in the running gear, und it was not until sui' had taken him down tome leu or eleven (cut that he managed to extricate himself. By rot»u» of a life-belt he had on at the time he tvus rnahted to keep dlott until piekfil up nilh his companions by limes' boat,' and then put on hoard Kellntvay's boat, that took the two latter on board the Monarch, and put Whitehouse ashore. The accident caused a great deal of sensation on shore, and threw nn slight damp over the remainder of the day's proceedings. The Denvont Belle Ins successfully raised next day and was found not to have sus* taincd any damage. An arcident occurred on Ihc Main Line lUilnny uji ioth in»!., lir whicli several men were injured. At -JoVlock.a material train, consisting of f.iur waeons of rails, and inri'i; uj j}rriiisiii:iii'Wuy ifwccnai sum uincr n-quisiici for tlio railway, left the Hoban Town terminus. At Bridge water two wnpona Ifl-iitn with sleepers were placed in from of the engine. Mr Grant, ihe engipwr of ihe line, Mr Booker, the inspector of the pern.nbeDi-u'Jiy, aod about a dozen men were on the train. The engine was driven by Mr McCuUoch, who had only that day taken charge of her, and who w&t;, consequently, unacquainted with die characteristics of the road AU went right until immediately after passing lirnadribb'fl farm building, About five miles on tlie other side of ltichmond, when it was found that the engine would not answer to the brink*, an-t nttuougii the bleak* wern revrr-ed und put full on, tlicm. 'Ihc train ran on with increasing velocity until it reached nenrly the htmd of the track, which fortunately happened to Uc in a -kfp cutting on the land of Mr W. 0\. Siinniuiis, tbe Warden of Hichraond, and almut 2CJ miles from Hobart Town. Here I the riperd was iwrifle, but at last the car,?cr of the train was mopped by the engine gutting oiT the line, and dropping between the rails, at n portion which was only par tially tpiked. This had tlic effect of causing the succeeding portion nf the train to come to a sudden stands! til -, but the trucks uf sleeper* in front ma a short dis tapec furtlicr, and unloaded themselves across the track'. Theenffiat'ivAsuninjurcd; but the. wagon containing the temporary tank, which formed the tender, was vcrr much smashed, jinii !!)j* tAub^ were stove in. The wagons loaded with rails were also more or less injured. During the flight of the tnin tuodt of those who were upon it jumped off, and sustained injuries, thougll, except in one instance, none of a serious character. The engine driver, Ihe foreman, and (he as sistant .were only slightly braised . The guard, William Tolson, sustained a severe wound on the lip, which was parti v cut open ;anda workman named Henry Ling, who was sit ting on a truck containing raih, got his legs and feet entangled between the rails, and Is the most seriously injured of any one on the train. Some of the workmen were bruised Hbout the arms, legs, and face, and Mr Booker sprained his risUl ankle. Mr Grant, who kept w the train until the lost, and only left when it came to a ftuiodsti]), was quite un injured, and he at once assisted those who were vrounded, and hastened forward the retair of the damage. Directly- the patched to ))r. Turner, of ltichmond, but, unfortunately, that gentleman was in I lohmrt Town . Another messenger was then sent to bring up a ballast engine, which was working some sis miles away, and this ar rived shortly afterwards. At, won as it was found that Dr. Turner's services were un available, tlic wouudrd, whu hod been care fully attended to, stimulants being adminis tered and surgical devices of a temporary characterbrouKhtuitoreijuisition.wercpUiccd in a truck and brought to town by the bal last engine. Owing, however, to the railway bciug a single track, and the train liable: to interruptions, it was Impossible to ran at such & speed a* otherwise been would hare attained, and consequently Hobart Torn wu not reached until five o'clock p.m. Immedi ately on its arrival, the sufferers were con veyed in cabs to the hospital, where Drs Blight and llacfarlane promptly rendered every assistance, Dr. Butler shortly after coming jn. Tho causes of tint accident were the iuex perlonce of the driver of that portion nf ihe roaS, and too heavy a load having been taken. We believe, that in future, nS snch trains will be run without a. powerful svsteia of break, which m sent with the wigons, being brought Into operation. This break is known as Clark's ton break, and bv ft any train en be brought to a. slxnuittll In nearlv Its own length. Trains would not hava been run hitherto without this contrivance, wer» it not that the break wagons had not hitherto bemaent. tail for these, temporary substi tutes will be made. The following in (he names of the men who were taken to thehotpiul :-Dsalei Booker, sprain of right ankle , Henry Daw son, Injury to shoulder s George Evans, right anVle aprainea i William Tolaon, cut Tip, alight cat on nose ; John SoJuvaii, cut on tbe top of the heal , Henry Ling, «v«»lcnm? poana ftwtom offith leg.: v5££Sa Ling remain in the institution, but the others, having had their injuries dressed, weut home. We may mention that lAug was going up on the train to begin work ; he is tbe only support of his mother. 