NEWS OF THE DAY. Although the Council managed to induce the Assembly to completely mangle Mr. Iverferd's clause for throwing open all the roads which have been so improperly fenced in, the large landed proprietors are not to ho allowed to have it all their own way. Under Clause 39!) of the now Local Govern. ment Act it is delmecl to be the duty of the council of every municipal district "from and after two years after tho commencement of this act, except as hereinafter provided, to keep) open for public use, and free from obstruction, ovory surveyed and reserved road, street or public highway re quired for public traffic, and proclaimed under this or any other act in any municipal district." Mr. Casey is making inquiries as to tho roads originally survoyed, which have been allowed to fall into desuetude through their not having been proclaimed, and ho proposes, under tho powers vested in him :y the Land Act, to immediately proclaim about 2000 miles of roads. While upon this subject we would beg to point out to Mr. Casey that, under the 93rd clause of the Land Act, all persons in unauthorised posses sion of Crown lands aro liablo to heavy penalties. Are not men who, without any permission, have fenced in public roads, in unauthorised possession of Crown lands ? The Premier has determined to make a pleasant innovation in tho matter of dis pensing oliicial hospitalities. In place of tho routine whitebait dinner, invitations have been issued to those usually entitled to such civilities to join in a picnic at tho Sor rento Amphitheatre, on Wednesday next. The guests aro solicited to bring their lady friends, and tho party will bo conveyed to Sorrento by the Golden Crown, which will leave Sandridge at nine in the morning, returning by seven in tho evening. To steam down the Bay and pass a few hours in view of the blue waters of Bass's Straits, is regarded by those personally interested as a much more reasonable means of enjoyment than to be sitting in a crowded room, eating a hot meal, and listening to set speeches. Wo have been informed that Professor Adams, who has been entrusted with tho choice of a successor to Professor Wilson, is not restricted to Great Britain in his selec tion. Wo understand that Sir Redmond Barry, the Acting-Governor, intends giving a pic nic on the Brighton Beach next Saturday, and has issued invitations for the occasion. Tn vpfitprdnv's issnn wn ennipd from flip M. A. Mail a paragraph stating that E. B. Young, tho bank manager of Cnstleinainc who wa3 sentenced some time ago to a term of imprisonment for embezzlement, had been liberated and had gone to San Francisco. On inquiry we lind that tho statement is altogether erroneous. Young's friends some months ago did attempt to obtain his rc- leaso on condition that he left the colony, but failed to effect their object. Tho 31Sth section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute gives the Governor-in- Council power to grant pardons for certain offences on con dition of exile, but only after a prisoner has served two years. Young has not at this time been a prisoner of tho Crown for that period, and is still in gaol. The permanent brick stations at Seymour and Benalla, on the North-eastern line, are now almost completed, and are in pleasing as well as strong contrast to the paling sheds that furnished the only station accommo- dation previously provided. Ample pro- vision is made for refreshment of travellers in suitable rooms, and the cast-iron pillars supporting the verandahs have drinking fountains attached to them, into which cool clear water is kept trickling, the overflow being through holes in the pillars. These improvements are much appreciated by tra- vellers on the line. As the barque Lillie was coming up from tlio Heads on Tuesday last, at half- past five p.m., Captain Brown observed tho steamer Wentwortb, about two miles from the west channel lightship, hove to, and one of lie£ boats evidently searching for something. The boat was afterwards spoken, when it was ascertained that the men were looking for a passenger who had fallen overboard. Tho name, however, could not be ascertained. The boat was shortly afterwards taken alongside tho Wontworth, and that vessel steamed away on her course, as Captain Brown surmises, without having recovered the person. The members of the Ministry who accepted the invitation to attend the banquet given to Mr. P. Ifanna, at Benalla, on Tuesday, re turned to town by a special train immo-- diatcly after tho festivities. Tho congratula tions and speech-making were kept up till past midnight, and tho special started homo- wards at a quarter to one in the morning, reaching Spcncer-street at a quarter past four a.m. yesterday. The clipper ship Cambridgeshire, which arrived here dismasted last April, is only now on the eve of departure for England. This long stay may be attributed to her having had to wait so long for new masts, yards, and rigging boing sent out from home, instead of obtaining them hero, and thcro can be no doubt that had she repaired here it would hove been done much cheaper and iqually effectively, if not of better material. It is tho intention of Sir Redmond Barry, tho Acting-Governor, to accompany the Engincer-iu-Cliiof of Water Supply on a visit of inspection to the Malmsbury Rosor- voir to-day. It is understood that Mr. Gor don will visit the district for tho purpose of giving final directions relntive to the carry ing out of the following tenders, which were accepted at tho Land office on Tuesday : — George Robertson, £4S6 19s. Sd., for the excavation of pits for the settling ponds at C'astlcmaino ; construction of drops and ffumcs, Cobban main channel, parish of Monduran, Wm. Moonie, £S940 (is. ; dress ing copcstoncs lower reservoir, Stony Creek, Anakies, Robert Anderson, £112 103.; con struction of valve-house for sluice- gate, Malmsbury, John Footo, £197 7s. Tho Mayor of Sale, Mr. It. Topping, has received tho following letter respecting the Gipps Land Railway, from tho hon. W. Ilighctt: — "Richmond, 20 | 12 | 74. — I liavo tho honor to acknowledge tho receipt of your letter of 22nd inst., with a copy of tho resolutions carried at a public meeting held at Sale on the 20th inst., requesting my sup port in favor of the direct line of railway from Oakleigh to Melbourne. It will aff ord mo much pleasure in rendering all tho assistance I possibly can to secure a direct route. Very littlo can bo done in tho matter before the next session of Parliament, unless the Government could be induced to again open up negotiations with tho Hob- son's Bay Railway Company for the pur chase of their line ; but it will be useless doing so unless at an advance on thoir foimer proposal. — I have, &c.;, Wm, HKiJIETT." Wo are glad to learn that Mr. J. C. Rid- dell, M.L.A., is recovering from his lato severe indisposition, arising from an acci dent whilst attending a complimentary ban- . quet given to Mr. Wm. Leako, Wyndham. Mr. Galloway, of Deep Creek, Majorca, arrived yestorday in tho clipper ship Allan- sliaw, bringing with him two very fine entire horse, whicharein excellent order. One is Conservative Tom, a dark bay, three years old ; and tho other tho colt Crown Prince, two years old. Both were bred at Galloway. Mr. Galloway attributes in a great measure the safe arrival of his horses to the great attention and assistance he receivod from Captain Ogilvie and his officers. .Signor Giorza has recently paid a hurried visit to Melbourne, lie arrived here by the Wentwortli steamer on her last voyage from Sydney, although his name does not appear bn tho passenger ' list. Wo are informed that a delicate hint was conveyed to him that his presence in Melbourne might be at tended with unpleasant consequences, and Signor Giorza, on receiving this intimation, i made his way back to Sydney overland. The adjourned meeting of gentlemen fa vorable to the establishment of an Asylum . Farm was held yesterday afternoon, at tho office of Mr. Thomas . Dickson, Hall of Commerce ; Mr. Richard Hodgson in the chair, A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Jennings, Dickson, Hodgson and Cooke were appointed to confer with Dr. Paley upon tho subject, and thereafter bring it before the public. The examinations for pupil-teachers, in connection with the State Schools, com menced on Tuesday at the Education office, aud terminated yesterday. A largo number attended for the fourth, third, and second classes, and, judging from the stiffness of tho examination papors generally, it will bo creditablo if ono half pass. There is one feature — and that a very praiseworthy one— in connection with the examination papers, viz., they wcro drawn up so as to bring out prominently tho intelligence of those examined. Compara tively few in number went up for first-class pupil-teachers' cxamiuation. The Pleasant Creek Net es of the 4th inst. has tho following remarks on tho construc tion of tho railway line from Buangor to Ararat, for which section Messrs. Vallins, Quayle and Blackio aro tho contractors : — " As far as can be judged now, tho work ia being well done. Tliero is very little oscil lation on the newly ballasted portion, and even on that part which is as yot in nocent of tho steadying properties of tho superincumbent stratum of gravel there is far less than might be expected, prov ing that tho rails aro truly and firmly laid. By last Saturday the rails were laid to beyond Dobie's-bridge, and by the end of the present week tho ballasting will be com pleted to that point, while the rails will be laid to a corresponding distance ahead. Tho works at the cuttings aro about completed, and with nothing but the laying of rails and ballasting to do tho work will go ahead rapidly. The 1st March is the day on which it is expected tho contract will be completed, and tho result of observation made now seems to show that the two months will bo sufficient for the work." — The eighteenth half-yearly meeting of tho Melbourne Masonic Hall Company, Limited, was held last evening at the Masonic Hall, Lonsdale-street ; Mr. James White in the chair. The report stated that the amount of revenue for the last half-year was £23(1 0s. 2d., as against £249 7s. for the previous six months. The total receipts to 31st December were £240 19s. 9d. The amount received for tho use of tho hall has been only £59 Gs., against £91 ISs. received during the previous six months. The company had paid off £250, which leaves the mortgage at £1700. The report and balance-sheet were accepted. Messrs. A. T. Porter and Andrew Newell were ro-eloetedas directors ; and Messrs. Kondall and Ellis wcro re elected as auditors. A vote of thanks ac corded to the chairman and directors closed tho meeting. An extraordinary genoral meeting was held afterwards for tho purpose of confirming certain resolutions which were passed at a meeting held on the 17th ult. We learn that Mr. W. M'E wan, wholesale grocer, who sustained somo severe injuries on Saturday last, by falling down the cellar nt thn efnrnc nf thn firm tn wliinh Via lift. longs, is recovering from the effects of the casualty. Constable Mason, who was so violently assaulted by a number of larrikins at Col- lingwood lately, still lies in a very precarious condition in the hospital at tho Richmond Policy Barracks. An instance of malicious stone-throwing has been reported to the police by an engine-driver engaged on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay line named George Scott. He states that as the Melbourne to Sand ridge train passed under tho Bridge-strcot bridge, at Sandridge, on the 4th inst., at 5.55 p.m., a large stone was thrown by some person unseen from the bridge. The missile struck the fireman, Joseph Walworth, on the Bhoulder, but did not hurt him. We understand tho whole of the teachers at the St. Mary's Roman Catholic school, at Geeloug, have sent in their resignation, and intend applying for appointments under the National system. A boy six years of ago, named Alfred Baker, was admitted to tho hospital yester. day under very peculiar circumstances. The lad, who is a somnambulist, resided with his parents at 211 Bourkc-streot west. He got up in the night in his sleep, and drank about a pint of vinegar contained in a bottlo left on the table. It is not expeoted that the little fellow will live. The first half-yearly meeting of the Vic toria Mutual Building and Investment So ciety was held last evening at the office, Elizabeth-street. The chair was occupied by the president of the society, Mr. Thai. Alston, who submitted the report and balance-sheet for the half-year, || showed that during tho fivo months that tho socioty i»dbeeninoxistoncoabout£lG,325 had been subscribed, and £17,100 had boon advanced. The preliminary accounts had been . ex tremely small. The attention of tho meet ing was drawn to tho unusually favorable terms on which loans were to be advanced from the society, and the chairman urged the members to use their influence in extend ing the society's operations. A special moot ing was held at the closo of tlio ordinary meeting, at which it was . resolved to re- gister tho society under tho Building Societies Act 1874. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. One of tho passengers (Mr. Sinnamon) by the ship Allanshaw, from Glasgow, died durum the voyage from natural causes. He was suffering from lung disoaso when he left. Our correspondent, writing under dace Al- bury, 5th January, states that " an accident, which is likely to havo a fatal termination, happened yesterday to a man named Patrick Clievnrs, a carter, residing in Albury. Tho unfortunate man was driving a horse and dray, when the horse took fright at the car case of a dead horse (which Chevar3 intended removing), and bolted, ono wheel of the eart going over the side of a large drain. Man, dray and horse were precipitated to the bottom, the dray falling on Chovars. While lie was held in this position tlio horse kicked him on tho head. The sufferer was extricated from his painful position as soon as possible and conveyed to the hospital. It was found that, in addition to a severe wound in the head, Chovars had sustained a fracture of tho collarbone, and had nearly all the rilis on one side of his body broken. He now lies in a very precarious condition. Tiie weather is fearfully warm, and large bush fires are prevalent every whore. Several squatters have suffered severe losses from their feneos being burnt." A Swiss named Gongart, who was in tho employ of Mr. Elliot Blake, vigneron, of Sunbury, on Christmas day indulged so freely indrink that ho brought on delirium tremens, and took a quantity of laudanum. He recovered from the effect of the dose, but yesterday morning he cut himself open witlra dagger, and died very shortly after wards. Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot have just completed to the order of Mr. H. ltickct- sou, of tho Billabong, one of tlio finest car riages ever built in Australia. It is a patent-top landau, anil is highly finished, with all tho latest Improvements, One special feature in the make of this equipago is that a lady can let down or lift tho hood at pleasure, without rising from her seat. The samo firm havo also lately built a brougham carriage for Bishop Connor, of Ballarat, in a creditable style. Blondin last night bad a fair house. Tho feats wore performed with tho usual skill. The fireworks display was unusually success ful. Tho dispersion of tho audience was ac celerated by a smart shower which began to fall towaids tho close of the entertain ment. The pleasure to he dorived from seeing Humpty Dumpty at tho Theatre Royal was enjoyed by a crowded house last night. The performance was highly gratifying from first to last, and encores were frequont. Tho Opera Houso pantomime was well patronised last night, for the visitors nearly filled tho dress circlo and crowded other parts of the house. Tho performance was a very . spirited one, and the audience were evidently much pleased with tho fun, tho beauty of the scenic spectacles, and tho musical excellence. Tho Fakir of Oolu drew another crowded audience' last evening to witness his aston ishing performances. St. George's- Hall was found ' insufficient indeed to accom. modate all who sought admittance, and a considerable amount of money had to be turned away from , tho door. The 'various feats were executed as usual iu a manner that called forth repeated applause. The Fakir certainly requires to be seen to be properly appreciated. Sands and M'Dougall's anil Forgusson and Mitclioll's Diaries for tho current month aro to hand. Tho tablo showing tho English mail times for tho year will ho found convenient for reference. From Mr. Muskott, Bourke-strcet, wo havo a Gaino of Qnartctts, entitled Dealings with Dickens, or Dattles with Doz. For juveniles especially tho cards will prove entertaining. Tho quartetts havo been compiled and published in Melhourno. Tho monthly mooting of tho Fifth Union Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at the offices, 82 Collins-street east, last evening, Major IladclilTo in tho chair. Tlio re ceipts of tho evening wero announced as £2478 5s. 9d. 131 shares wero sold at £7 10s. premium. Mr. 11. 1'. Whitworth is to tlio front again with another of his entertaining sixpenny hooks of Australian stories. This, tho fourth of tho. series, comes before us under tho striking titlo of Cobb's Box, nnd contains a number of tales, gravo auil gay, supposed to ho related by tho drivers and passengers on tho box of various of Cobb's coaches, Tho stories are well told ; they have a true Australian ring about them, auil the choice bits of description of tho New Zea land, South Australian, Blue Mountain and other scenory aro graphic. A short sketch of tho lifo of tho celebrated King Cobb adds mate rially to tho value of the work. Tho contents of the hook aro : — On tho Box, King Cobb, Tho Murder by tho Ilut (New Zealand), How Lauio Bradly Cnmo up to Timo (Victoria), Tiie Dream Witness (Queensland), Macbeth Under Difficul ties (New South Wales), Tho Ghost iu the Glass (Tnsii-niiiii), Hum anil Biltors (Victoria), and A Grim Joke (New Zealand). 