BLUE GHOSTS AT CASTLE MAIN E. Several young men, resident in tho town, , paid a visit to a reservoir attached to ono of : our most prosperous mining companies on i Thursday night, 21st inst , for tho purpose (soys tho m. a. Mail) of taking "a hoador." which thoy did in tho follow- tho-Ieader style. Tho first to appear above tho surface im mediately scrambled to the honk, and found himself looking "rather bine," as did|also his companions on gaining terra fir ma Thoy had gone too deep, narrowly escaping getting stuok in tho mud, whioh was of slaty bluo color, ami as thoy oaoh had a good ooating, a hearty laugh was iuduiged in by tho bathers at their unhuman appearance, as thoy stood in astatoof nudity and as biun as " bluo bags," As tho night was intensely hot, tho ooating soon beoamo dry and im movable. Tho engine was at work, and ouly tho driver wos on the claim, so thoy thought to sosro him hy mnkiog their ap. poaranqe one alter auotuor, mucb m the manner, of tho witohot) in Macbeth. It wos midnight nnd the engine-driver was standing in the doorway of the machine- room, and as tho "blueR" glided quickly past him in " singlo file," muttering in sepulobnt accents " 'Tis ho i 'tis ho i" naturally "uuough, tho driver beoamo pale with fright, and ho gradually retreated iudoors, whore ho soou rogalnod his wonted courage, and, soliloquising, " I'll let you soe, if 'tis ho," grasped a long.handlod shovel that was lying close by, and sallitd forth, rosolvod to saauro ono of tho "jblun davits." An oxaiting ohnso ensued, in which tho"hIucs" wero compelled to onoo more take to the dam, from which place tho had to explain matters so as to oool tho wrath of tha driver, who occupied tho bank, swearing vengeance ou their blue skins. However, after a fow plunges, tho natural eohr of tho " jokcti" arotur»ad,autl thuy won- thou -allowed to oinc s?horo, where they were riit misteu wilh a cuu'.iom It IB scare ly r e.ua-ary to say, fcliey twat a retreat i ra'hu; orei'ifallen at tho result of their Venture, ,1 