MORLEY FELL. (Concludedfrom our last.) Scarce had he ret his foot upon the fall, than issu ing like shadows from the wood he had so lately left, there come forth two men, speedily.joined by a third. " Well, Bill," muttered one of the two to the last comer, "this is a rum go; our game's gone Ed earth somewhere." "Ay, ourso him I the bird's flown,":' responded Bill, who was none other thean or former acquaintanee, the master of the deceased Sandy. "I tould theoewe soul be o'er late ; but t'll be even wi! emyet." .. I " KHietl" whispered the third. man, clutehing Bill by the sleeve, and pointing towards the fell. "By -, there he goes!" "utterpd Bill in great z ritemeat. "Noo, ma lads, let's all slip awa to th' ould wall. We maun keep together; ho's a devil to deal wi'." Without more ado, they soon gained the wall ; snd had Harry gazed more earnestly, in looking round, he would have seen them half eonoealed, just abshout to slip over it. On they went; they roached the fell; step by step, each choosing his own path, up the side they crawl, carefully picking their way, and pausing to rest only behind the larger boulders for rock here and there jutting out. They are desperate men, bent upon a desperate task. Revenee pure and simple actuates one man-he is Billy. He had easily induced his companions in more than one outrago which might have seat them all swinging to join him in a plan--a plan which.promised them some fun, and whicel, at anyrate, promised one of the three posseession of a good breech- loader. And now they are but a short way below him. 0 warning instinct, warn him once main ! But instinct now is quiet. Ah, nothing now can save him! On they stealthily creep, those lawless men. God alone knows what treatment Harry cwill experience at their hands. How must his guardian angels with pitying cyes look on, that one so young, so promising, should die. Can nothing save him? God alone can sare him now. Then let us be con tent; if God is for him, who can be against him P Harry is climbing unconasiously but pretty rigorously now; but the men are gaining fast upon him. Al ready they pre pausing for a supreme eofort, before they maker their rush, when, in the providence of God, Hairy, in scrambling along, loosens alarge stone ; Ihe nearly slips, but recovering himself, turns to see how soon and in mad career it may reach tie bottom. An instant more, and lie had been too late. With a startled shout of alarm, he sees two men only a couple of yards below him, and had he not by some ha'f-dozen springs, light and rapid see the chamois', leaped into comparative safety, they would havero had Iim in their grasp. In that one glance he had seen enough, and more than enouegh, to convince him of his dangerous position. In the upturned face and vindictive eyes of the man just bolos him, he recog nised clearly enough the villainous fc0eiures of his old antagonist; and now, as he rested for an instant to get his wind, lihe saw not only one but three mole straining every nerve to come up with him, and heard their eager shouts as they followed in pursuit. Re covering his breath and his nerve at the same time, he now turned, and commenced to climb steadily, hknowing the fatal consequence of one false step; lhe tried hard and successfully to steady his nerves, and husband his strength by not giving way to flurried haste. So on they scramble. His heart beats quicker as he feels that they are gaining on him ; he is fast losing wind and courage, for, as they struggle panting nearer and nearer, he can tell that they mean no play. Suddenly his foremost pursuer halts, apparently almost beaten. Now is Harry's chance once more to oollect himself. He immediately sits down, facing the man below him, and pullspout his flask-empty-arery precious drop gone I Billy eyes him without speak. ing but with the ferocity of a wild boast. Herry wisely does not waste his breath in talking. Billy is the first to move, followed by his companions ; he does not plunge away now as he did at the beginning of the chase, but quietly and yet with speed works his way up. Harry too sets himself deliberately to work; he knows that his only chance now is to gain the top at least a minute before the men came up, for he has already had experience of the way in which hill-men can in an incredibly short time make their way to the bottom again. Avery awkward and abrupt pieceof climbing comes now, which Harry at any other time would have gladly shirked; but the dilficulty is past, and he turns with a degree of assurance lie lies not felt before to see if it will in any way damp or hinder his pursuers' ardour, while he gains once more his breath. His breath is nearly all knocked out of him again, though, seeing heis puresers strike off to the left, and climb with redoubled vigour and seeming case a path circling round the projecting rock, and which lie wonders that lie missed seeing. It was evident that the men know their ground, and poor Harry shuddered to think of the consequences, if by unforseen dimeulties lie is at length brought to bay. The weary clhse once more proceeds. Iarry rather sickens at the thought of being hunted in this way, and I am proud to believe his statement that in that awful hour he thought of and wished for me. He could hardly credit his senses- Londoner as he was that all this was taking place in England. Once more he halts, and planting himself tfimly on the ledge formed by a sheep-run, he awaits the.human hounds running steadily on the trail. For the first time he challenges Billy as he diawe near, and aiming his gnn, cries: "Stop! If you come on, one of you must die." Billy's comrades pull up, but only for an instant. "Gun ain't loaded," he sputtered out, knowing thst Harry would have used the same persuasion long nten, if the pieee had been really charged. Harry seized the gun by the muzzle, and whirling it over his bead, threatens a smashed brain-pan to the first who comes within reach ; his higher ground too makes him look formidable. But the undaunted Billy, signing to the two rulffians beside him to climb up right and lefte creeps a little closer, but quite out of Harry's reach. This was too much for Harry: that three men slhuld make a simultaneous attack upon him on all sides in such a plece must be fatlal to him, le knew, should he manage to dispose of even one or two of his antagonists. He turned and fled. Once more he struggles gamely on; he nears the summit-the" top is gained ; no : the fell rises up still higher. His throat is parched, his legs feel not his own; climbing, and such a climb as this, they have not been aceustomed to. Faint and in despair, lhe almost gives op; the thought of Aaud, however, comes to help him; while there's life theoro's hope; he springs to his feet, and now the" real summit is close by. With hands bleeding, clothes torn, blinded by his terrible exertions, and scarce hearing, with a terrible singing in his ears, another feeble struggle lands him on the top. At full length he lies for a few seconds, while the cold breeze invigorates his exhausted energies, and then, with a murmurof thanks to God, he hastily crosses the ridge, about thirty yards broad. As he sees the huge stones and fragments of rock scattered here and there, he has thoughts of trying tlle effect of hurling them upon the wretches below; but again thinking that they must be close upon him now, and feeling quite unequal to the desperate task of settling three men in as many minutes, he dashes to the other side, and steadying himself by sitting on his heels, he begins to slide at a good pace down the slone, made slippery by the short and stunted grass. No sooner had he got well under weigh, than his pursuers reach the top on the other side, and, despite their anxiety to commence the descent, where, from greater practice in sliding, they hope at length to obtain their object, like Harry they are compelled for a minute to stop, before they resume the chase. On glancing below, Billy chanoes to see poor Harry in dificulties. He had been elidipg Along fairly well, when the ground suddenly beecamerotlgher, and loose stones more frequent; he was compelled, therefore, to assume an upright position, and serambled down as best be could ; but as everyone knows who. has tried it, it is easier to start than to satop' when one has set of'. Harry was delighted at the rapidity of his noew motion, as compared with the slower rate pf sliding; be had good legs, and kept his feet where: many would have lost them; but faster and faster he went ; his strides down the foll-side d as almost ludi-. crous, had they not been so dangerous. In vain he tried to moderate his pace; he went.like the winds he feltifi another instant lhe would be dashed to atoms. This he barely accomplished, for he was almost powerless, but his heel catching in a small tuft of. gorse at the same moment, he span round like a top, and, turning a few somersaults, lhe only came to an anchor by laying hold of another tuft. He felt him self teiribly bruised, and out of treath; and perceiv ing a warm something gushing down his cheek and neck, he found, by putting up his ]land, that the hard rock had inflicted a fearful wound upon his sealp; he had a large gash, too, upon his forehead. Billy from above serarcely observed all this, before, with the swoop of an eagle, he rushed upon his prey ; the other two men evidently feared a like catastrophe with that of Vernon, if they shewed too much haste, and they felt that the motier was secure in Billy's hned., On looking up, larry saw that ha must arouse himse'f. Tio ground was Iere smoother, and le tried the sliding down again, directing his courso towards Ihis gun, which had been hurled from his gromp by the fall. Scarce had ho seized it as he swept quickly by, than, by the atones and rubble which tumbled poll moll past him and upon him, he knew that Billy in nother ricond or two would reach him. Oh, Harry, you have struggled nobly; do not give in now! But Hany's progress not only becomes slower; he end denly stops, comes to a regular standstill s lie crouches ona little patch of furze. He maiust boott. Billy, tecited, furious, triumphant, comes like a th~nderbolt. upon him. Why, the very thock of a heay man like btht would simply amash him.' AtIthe' vey'uoesnt. btht Billy, with the spring of a tiger,' actually lati?hes himsulf in the air in his furious downward course upon the very spot, -Harj, by'a'slight movemend to one aide, is saved. -Billy makes a convulsive clu$eh at tVm as he goes orashing by; and then," after a couple of somersaults in the air,- comes down with A- heavy thud, and lies motionless ind still. Harry'ie upon him in a second, .and, with upraised stoek is abbot to give him his quietues-auieient, at anyrate, to put an snd to tho.pursuit-when, starting from the fallen form, le continues a headlong course to Ilie bottom of the fell. The man's face had been towards him, and in the starina eyes and o en mouth, from whioh blood was pouring faet, lie saw denth, dertl ! How ie reached his uneleo' house lie kne.w not faint,.dizzy, and covered with blood, he had a con fused idea that two men were hard after him. As a matter of fact, he had been porsned for quite hulf-a maie by Billy's companions, now eager to despatch him, and to give them time to quietly ]cave te counotry, for a moment's inspection had neasured them of their leader's fearful end, and they dreaded the consequence of immediate discovery. Poor Hart y ! he hastened through the shrubberics, and then leaning against a little ion gate leading through the garden, Ihe paused for a moenout to collect himself, and thought of hsl miraculous preservation. As lie passed his hands through his mnuted and blood-stained hair, the fright ful appearance he must present occurred to his mind, and the neecssity of gaining his room before any alarm should be given to the house. Ito thereforo bhthought him of the easiest by-pthl.l that would con duct him most quickly and secretly round, not through the open grounds. With wary eye and anxious breast, he sped along, and on sharply turning a corner, he nearly ran into Mlaud's arms. Tlhere ?ws one dread ful scream; it was heard all over theplace. "1'ly darling, it's notling, it's nolhing," the cried; "I'm all right ;" but as lhe advanced, his face turned as into stone ; with open eyes, purled and blanched lips, oud securmed to repel him mith her hand, and then, with nbothlr piercing and heaut-rending sbriek, she fell eanseless on the cround. At that instant there appeared upon the srcene the gardener, a housemaid, Harry's uncle, and the butler. Of course the house maid want off into hysterirs. They bore poor Mlaud indoors. In less than an hour she awoke to consciour nosa, but not to reason. Day after day she would lie and murmur; " Poor Harry ! poor Harry!" Harry, poor fellow, returned that week to town. His uncle had heard his explanation ; in his grief, had pitied, reproached him: had kissed him, and cursed him. But when on sending a body of servants to the fell, no traces of the dead man was to be found, he broke out into bitter words of grief and invective, hard to be borne. Nothing was to be heard of the three villains at all the scramble for life must have been pn hallneination or au invention of Vernon's own brain, eate meeting with an accident which had left auch severe marks upon him. Such a man as Billy had, indeed, been noticed in the neighbourhood, and now most of all when dead, he might have been expected to remain for a few hours on the fell, until be wsas discovered : but he was nowhere to be found. Harry returned to his sympathising but perplexed and distracted father. Billy preceded him to town by thlbe dsys, accompanied by his allies, without aonomplishing much during their poaching expeditions in the country. : He bore such a mark upon his visage as:made him look more ruffianly then before the adventune, which had caused the breakage of a blood- vessel and temporary insensi bility.. It is satisfactory to. know that he had not long nfterwards paid the poitaty for being concerned in some fresh misdemeanour against the laws of the lan:i in which Ihe lived. A eertaih deep sear upon his free gave conclusive evidence as to hit identity, and he was transported for life. Harry yearned for the gol news which never came; Mland continued in the same wretched state. Beforo the year was out, to crown the misery which preyed upon poor Harry, his uncle died ; he had never recovered from the shock of that day, which brought such wretchedness to his house. In answer to a letter which he at length ventured to hit aunt, he was told that Maud was under more careful treatment than liis, and thpt she should prefer to hear no more from a murderer and destroyer. Yount Vernon, for a few, weeks, gave way to an indes eribable melancholy, and it was oily through the ten der sympathy of Ihis father that heiurvived. He then devoted himself to hard reading, passed a very credit. able examination : and to his men and superior ofl cers elike in India, as a young lieutenant, was only known as the strictest disciplinarian, and the sternest lnd most interesting companion in the mess. The unhappy state of his mind had the usnal effect on his health, and hence his return to London, and his ap peal to my sympathy and friendship. As a dying man, he requestod me, when he twas nes, to search out hie aunt, and convey to hed his lt messaege of forgiveness for the harsh treatmentlhe hsU experienced at her liands; whilst he nuared me that if by his death he could have securedihealth and happiness to his once bright and merry darling, he woald-have died long aites. And ndw at length his tale was told. He gazed at m with earnest eyes. I could only pres his wasted hand,and 'promisethat .woulaimsa?ly carry out his wish. He slept. .rI'rtohbd?bier him that night. The sunceoding day he slept continuously. Towards .rening the dootboti alld. - He had seen from the first that he could do little in ansuch a case. He looked ilied at his patient as lab ?IBf?Ioand slum bor, felt his pulse, and then, turning to me, said : " You are Mr. Lawrence P" . ' . :', .Yes, i ieplied, "I am.' "Al!" he said, "Iro heard him mention you. You see what your poor friend: is aufsiUtrom Well, etay with him as long asyou can, ple0ab. Yono've dont him pounds worth of good already.0 .,- I-, And what had I done P By being aqniiet and sympatlhetio listener, I had, brought that; feeling o. relief to the poor sufferor which undoubtedly lansuea when the burden of sorrow iselightened.Ay fbeing borne on the shoulders of two, ititeadofabeig en dured by the strength of one alone. : HArry ?and I spent the week quietly enough % hq elspt,':ind: I read and thought. When awake be always squghti m with an anxious look, which immediately.: chahged?to a peacoful smile. when I cheerfully spoke or al~aetion. ately prossed his hand; but he never pokeof getting better.. When he thought of :lfed:b'et old wretched look came back ; when he thought of the grave, eternal rest seemed all that he desired. My thoughts at last took a-definite shape. I zsplained to Harry that' he must allow me a day for business in the ceuntry, and that then I would return to` hipq. The next day Itook the train. for Stonebridge,aovlmall town- in Devonshire. Acting upon what -Iicoold glean from Harry'uoncertain informationttrengthened by the Postal Directory, . was about, to. play the last ehanoc. Mrea.VernoQhad, .spme otipoidiein sold all, andlbeft the neighbourhoodof Waterthwibtw. " Does Vs. Vernop lie.,bereP .L . rP -; .i "Yes; sir," anowered. a' e ry: rfspe*tablb4king housemaid:."' bpu blp's.out for a drive, ir, and won't be-back for s6meDtimb." a 'I' bad pulled but nmy ,ard ese : and seeing me look very mueh annoyW and perplexed, as indeed I-wra.-she added: "But if it'i -nything importaidt,M'i.aisiIaton is at home, sir." ' fiss Hamilton 4 1--exclaimed : "Miss Maud Hamilton?"P -',rwi i.-'*:--'J n I: .I .' Yes, et.ir/?'tiidlya epled the astonished maiden. . I -keo qApt #apto tIlinkaof'-itllttse ji bt be n, idiot yt ipagin ,thalt I.oUtld .iiTveoy buiness with, ths~.poor imbeoile MaudI Hdonwbri tired by eomoe 'inqia feeling, ,pehiaps;Only' wioth ebb the ~udaap h Ipdy ioislhol i?ol oio eltin Hartne be Alf,, gpTat ap inntBlat t e ntlhpii*.tkd ,id yer queste to learn from Miss Henmilton' lipaoilen I might expect the return sof Mrs. Vernon, a I had im portant news. This' was followed by a request to walk up-otaire into the drawing-room; and in another -eoond a side-oddr opened, and a young lsyhidlvan cd most gracefully into the room. She looeld pale and very thin, but if sadness reigned in thdso beautiful eye, reason reigned here-teo .-My iazefy inr have been too earnest, for, with a slight blusl and a little confusion of manner, she expressed her, regret that Mre. Vernon was out, anhdfeatedtlalfhpbWould not he at home for'an hlonrot more. "My rbiblVo was taken. " If you will be so good hslto Beat'ybidself,' Ssr.id,." I dare EayJ rCan explaifthti natiare odify visit lo you qaiteIaswel a Bp..to Ar.s-Vebtrnoi'-I etbtt from an old friend of Mrs. Vernonl . -.i I -l ' l;; " Oh, indeed , pray,,beojatied,' dhertd. '-.i I had conned over and over what I should say to Mrs. Vernon: but I had hnrdly expected to meet with Miss Hnmilton. , I began qoietly and ciLitiobiily bat . I had scarcely spoken o' fi words, when I saw thai :lhe hhd &ipsed; my-crrand, had understoo?that Harry Verien was the subject of my thoughts. eIho a difficult task to perform) i eheli?e'Baiidned'iadly pale, and cluig to th'e nuha~l8kof the eofa on which lhe was sorted for ernnort. " I feel rrther tireodt ithtniy ljemAney," I broke in \- with..:. may I.rig. forla glass of wine P" I rang the bell, and tho.poeor4gir bpd ?q?fiie ,pt p~qgtbh 1ýterve to say:" "13ipg.iueoR w. ieF"?, bu otuslr rA out a ;glaess of$:Jer,.hlsel44r a itos4Sleoand then, as lb :cat prspquat of tbeaglTsi'ltlrlAttBon cludý aR4I bh44o apy. shtinpw fe a*JwwAdee perately ill'and near doeaths door Harry was:aib8t her tears flowed freely, and she heldoauther-hand4e-me, to exprees the thanks which she could not:then utter, as I told her enough to convince htr that it doe qaded on herself whether misery. or happinsl'wesnsne '(rom my inrit. Of' sseie, lad tdfoNºait rh6 Mrs. Vernon's return, and of course that lady was much surprised to find me at her house, and her daughter in an-c?u tedsdtate vf mind;- -Thu ttalhesea 'oramors and more connectedly told; and my urgo?t ppgeal to humanity's aflbtion aed. sAymat 1y, added' t.'iuad's tears, ]hd the desired effect. I-o olJF ady -saoft coed; she buret into a flood of tears over her unfor tunato nephiew,,and it ended in my leaving by the last train atnlight for Loibhdn, to prepare Harry for their coming up to sea him, to forgive him nnqd.1, be forgiven. I could hardly contlin myself forjoymand anys passengers in the. cootartment of the carriage nsmt to mine must hare been rather astonished by my bhrsts of laughter, my little, shouts of self-congratula tion, and my enatches of old songs, all the way from Stonebridge up to town. I was evqr sojolly imy life, and I'm afraid I gave Harry Wttlittlhe~ o km tio,. I could not conceal my gladness:'"[ W; old man, I've done my business capitally; ;?'eel quite jorial ;" and I laughed again.. ' WheredoyottIbink I've been P" He stared at me with his great hollow Cyes, as though lie would read my'soul. "I've T een to Stonebridgo!" "No, you haven't!" lihe almost shouted. " Yes, I have," I said, smiling ; "and' capital news too." 1 then proceeded to tell my own adventures, not exactly at first as they occurred, for I first fold him that his aunt was prepared once more to receive him with open arms. At last the good news of Meud was told. lHe had two days in which to prepare lim self for their arrival. Those teo days did wosiders, and though lie looked like a ghost of his former self. yet he was able to receive them sitting in a chair, be side n cheerful little fire. Mrs. Yes non had the ultimate and satisfactory plea sure of at last seeing sunshine behind the black clouds which Ihad so long beset her house; and in her old age she stood with me besidheI altar to witness there the union which had once. so often been the earnest desire of her heart. Both Maud and Harry looked older andjlgraver than they might at such a time of lifo but if they were rather aged by early sorrow, they at least knaew belier how to appreriate every moment in pfter life of true love and happiness.-Oloamere'c Jtourna~ 