fr'*,,a HIE RBACTIOV Ol' POLITICAL ?- CONVRH3ION. Q'NK of ihb-immediate results ' and mostNdtg. tinbtivo signs of ,a thorough conversion (in tho ordinary theological sense) is tho bitterness of tue reproaches which thc new convert heap3 upon "thclne whom JIB has . left. , lie may have' lived hiiïf his life with them+^-auccoured by their charities, caressed and honoured, audjrewarded -find in an.instant he leaves them, and avery loving recollection' and tender association of his I Jifd ia effaced. It is perhaps the -moat.Btriking-. it ; is certainly the most pathetic incident in Í sudden changes ' of conviction.. (The old .' party remains where ... it : was - wanting the individual eníigbtenraeiit-r-tbe nobler: impulses -perhaps the sublime unselfishness of -the one' who leaves it. But the instant' he has löft- it 'he commences to curse it for his bid .associations, and to 'denounce it for., its stupidity... ile may, I have been a tolerant, man in.Iiis old sinful state patient, and with a kiudly feeling for the infirmi- ties of our common nature ; but,the moment he tbeqomecr regenerate he becomes cruelly intolerant ; j hates where 'ho should, only pity, and' nourishes | contempt instead bi compassion! Religious history ¡ in all ages, and of all sects, is full of examples of these marvellous changes. When ST. AUGUSTINE ceased to be a Manichee, no one . denounced those heretics with such'withering sarcasm, ^'and such [ holy .industry. ' When,, Mr. ..PARKKS politically I." went over.".(as they, say in religious circles), and !-,was acknowledged at the last Metropolitan elec: j lion as'the chudon,champion of orthodoxy, rio one | 'could have more promptly and . effectually recognised-his altered position and undertaken ita new duties/ His relations with Catholicism had up to the instant of his illumination (which by the . strangest accident was contemporaneous with his "defeat in Parliament and his appeal: to the .country) been of a thoroughly Bismarckian cha- racter. Perhaps rio such an undaunted antago- nist as Mr. PARKES lins ever appeared, for he could lay claim to the original idea and distinc- tion of fighting the Church with her own super- natural weapons, and opposing his ghost to her spectres, ile cannot bc reproached with any reliance upon the fleshly ann like the great Gery man Chancellor, but he succeeded iu frighten.-; ingi à large number uf weak-minded people, into an extremely intolerant state of mind, and literally inspired a spiritual terrorism from which we had just begun to emancipate ourselves, when his bid enemy was intoning a Te Deum over his repentance and reception. But having made up his imind, he was resolved to lcavo no doubt of his ¡vigour, and to permit no suspicion :of his . sincerity. In his great speech on friday evening -td hear which; according to '.Mr. ROBERTSON, the House was so crowded with strangers that it would have been unbecoming of him to rise and deicht the object of that large company by ¡making the few observations he had to makje with regard to this matter,-the distin- guished convert was inspired with a burning indignation against those malignants " who were going to shut up such magoiticent schools ai St. Philip's, St. Mary's, and St. Jamas's." With that ¡ air bf grandiloquent patronage with which the hearers of Mr. PARK KS are_ now so familiar, he spolie pf the " marked exhibition of intolerance on the part of those so- called Behool reformers." From-the battlements, of his. lofty eloquence he' hurled the missiles of his scorn upon the bigoted disbelievers in religion, and the equally bigoted .secularists ;. infidels and,Deists both came in for it! "Their intolerance," said the orator, f is only harml'ess> >on account of' the imbecility which accompanied it". The fellows' 'who! dared, to .support the principles of the League wera "prepared to say that religion wa<i an evil thing-were enemies to religion itself." ? B\\\t\ for his abuse of his old frieuds, and i his new enemies, his speech was,'like a sermon in saintly commendation of " prayers and hymns and catechisms.", The ideaj that a stranger would naturally entertain, of ; the persons denounced by Mr. PARKES was that . of a ¡body of rowdy, law-despising, and revolu- tionary people, who were extremely anxious to free themselves from the restraints of anything ' like religious organization. ..Monsieur Louis VEUILLOT-who we presume is about one of the moat-conspicuous examples of the mastery of abuse which can be attained by a man of genius, only surpasses Mr. PARKES in wit and eloquence, and is certainly not ahead of himj in a splendid and comprehensive hatred of the impious. But the curious thing to us, who know the objects of Mr. PARKKS'S horror, is this, that they are, in many instances, not merely protessing Christians, but ministers of Christian Churches. Th*y are men, as far as we know, of blameless lives, recognizing humbly the obliga- tions, and discharging honestly the duties of a common citizenship; fair in their dealings with those who differ from them : and trusted and be- loved by those of their own various sects. There is, too, to borrow WORDSWORTH'S happy phrase, in describing his village pastor, a "refined rusticity" among these persons, which, to a gentle- man ol' such perfectly aristocratic sympathies as Mr. PARKES undoubtedly cherishes, would seem to be a fair title to consideration. Some of them are scholars-members ol' ancient Universities -men of studious lives ; tiley may not be eminent and distinguished like Mr. PARKES' cor- respondents, who, as Mr. CAM KRON-with historical exactness-pointed out, are all emiueut ¡md distinguished personages. But these atheists of the League (however strange and contradictory it may seem) believe in God. and love their neighbours. They may be open to reproach for one particular and perhaps wholly unpardonable kind of infidelity,- they may have ceased to believe in Mr. PARKKS ; but they may honestly although ignorantly imagine that such a faith is not essential to salvation.- It is 'not every man who:gives himself devotional airs and indulges in pious attitudes who is to be rashly presumed to be engaged in prayer. Before Mr. PARKBB' conversion Be used to feel,- or affect-in common with, his friend Mr.. THOSUS . CARLYLE a profound reverence for.'the great.'Pro- tector of the English' Corrimenwealth. ', .'" It is a; tradition pf. CROMWELL;'-says H nit thfjt one day Bitting at table, the Protector had a bootle of wine brought him of a kind! which he valued so highly, that.-he must needs . opèn-the . bottle himself. But-' in'attémp'tirig. it thé 'cork- screw dropt from his "hand*. Immediately\ his courtiers and. generals Jung themselves ,ou the floor, to, recover., lt. .. .. CROMWELL.' burst out a-laiighing,. '.Should any- fool,'. said 'he, 'put in his ;head' at,' the door-' he would fancy from '-your posture,-- that 'you1 were seeking the Lord, ? and. you are only - seeking a cork-screw.' " Mr.. PARKBSJ when '-'-he-is con- tinually-genuflecting, has his attention perhapE more fixed upon place than prayer,, and upon pay than piety. It is to the; credit of tho House, and to the constituency of West Sydney, that one ol the youngest members of the Assembly, and ont with the least advantages of fortune, and wh,afc ii supposed to bo the prestige of social position, thi representative of the intelligent working classe! of one of the great divisions of the Metropolises! clearly vindicated the discrimination of Wean stituents, and the character of tho orgauizasior with which he identified Ms candidature,^ Mr ; CAMERON did in his able speech on Frida-* evening. - ' FREE SELECTORS' DECLARATIONS.—The Nar- rabi Herald of Thursday has the following :—Not- withstanding that it has been judicially decided that free selectors may not lawfully be called upon to make declaration of residence within three years, the Minister for Lands is calling for such in the instance of some in this neighbourhood, bona-fide settlers, who have been re- ported as non-resident. Either these selectors have forfeited already for non-residence, or they have not. But what is the nature of these reports is after all the great question. One visit from a licensed surveyor cannot surely be held to establish the fact of non-residence, no matter what in- terested persons may have told him. In the true interest of all parties we court genuine inspection, honest report and action thereon. But shall we ever get these ? It does not seem at all likely that we shall, the great Amending Land Bill notwithstanding. After the decision so lately given in the case of the Bombala selector, any one may now make a declaration, within the three years, with impunity. Mr. Garrett is evidently trying "how not to do it," and succeeding admirably. Dummyism is still safe in these parts. 