LAY REPRESENTATION IN WESLEYAN METHODISM. 9- ?? The following is the plan for annual and general conferences : Whereas the Wesleyan Methodist Conferences in Australasia have hitherto consisted of ministers only and whereas it appears to be advisable to alter our constitution so far as to admit lay representatives as members of those courts; this general conference agrees that our annual and general conferences shall be hereafter composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The general conference, however, in adopting this plan distinctly asserts its maintenance of the New Testa- ment doctrine that the ministry derives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking the to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the Church of God," devolves the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline and administering the pastoral government of the church. This principle the general conference re- gard! 398 essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the constitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our conferences it must be held to be sacred and inviolable. ANNUAL CONFERENCES.. I.-Coustitutiou.-The annual conferences shall comprise all the ministers within their respective boundaries, with an equal number of laymen. I. The quarterly meeting of each circuit shall be entitled to elect one lay representative, who shall be elected by ballot at the quarterly meeting preceding the session of the conference to which it pertains. 2. The committee of each institution of the connection to which a minister is or may be set apart by an annual conference, shall have the right to elect from among themselves by ballot one lay representative. 3. should the number of laymen thus provided for be less than the number of ministers pertaining to any annual conference, additional laymen shall be elected the quarterly meeting of the circuit or circuits which, according to the returns published by such conference at its last session, contain the largest number of members. The presidents of the several annual conferences shall give notice to the circuit or circuits which may be entitled to elect more than one lay representative, 4. The laymen eligible for election as representatives must be church members of four years' continuous standing, and at the time of their election must be members in the circuit by which they are or may be elected. all-powers of the Annual Conferences. Each annual conference shall have full power, as the English conference, with regard to the election of its own president and secretary ; the division of districts or alteration of their boundaries ; the appointment of chairman of districts ; the exercise of discipline upon its ministerial members and preachers on trial ; the making of any of its ministerial members super- numeraries ; the reception of candidates for the ministry ; the appointment of ministers and preachers on trial to the several circuits; the carrying out all directions of the general conference relative to the changes and interchanges of ministers in the intervals of the general conference the annual conference shall effect such exchanges, and by negotiation ; the receiving and finally deciding upon appeals from the subordinate courts of the conference -, the direction and control of those funds which have been heretofore known as district funds ; all other powers heretofore exercised by the Australasian Conference except the powers of general legisla- tion hereinafter set forth as pertaining to the general conference ; the recommending to the general conference any measure which may be deemed conducive to the welfare of the connection. 2. In exercise of the aforesaid powers by the annual conferences, the ministers alone shall elect the presidents,, and secretaries of their respective conferences, and chairman of their several districts; dispose of all matters comprised in the subjoined questions : Who are now admitted as ministers into full connection with the conference? " What preachers remain on trial of What preachers are now received on trial ? What qtupjonts are, to, continue to have theological training F What candidates are now received for theological training ? Who are now admitted as native ministers ? Who remain as native preachers on trial P Who are received as native preachers on trial ? What ministers become supernumeraries P What supernumeraries return to the regular work P What ministers have died since the last conference P Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial ? What persons who were in full connection with the conference have now ceased to be recognised as ministers among us P How are our ministers and preachers on trial stationed for the ensuing year P 3. Dotormino all appeals affecting the trial of our members SB provided for in our existing rules. 4. For the purposes enumerated - in Section 2, the ministerial members of the annual conference shall meet alone during the first four days of the sections of such conference and also at such other times as will not interfere with the general business of the conference. S. in the election of ministers and laymen as representatives to the general conference, all the members of the annual conferences who are present shall be entitled to vote ; the voting to be by ballot, 0. Who may attend, and what number shall form a quorum The chairman of the district ex offered a representative elected by ballot at the district meeting, and such other ministers 'us may be appointed by, or obtain the permission of their district meetings to attend the conference; together with the symon elected as required in section headed Constitution. The number of ministers and lay representatives who may actually attend the conference shall he deemed competent for the trans- action of business ; but the conference shall have power, whenever it may be found necessary or proper to determine how many of this number shall constitute a quorum. 7. When and where the son sentence shall assemble.-Eaah conference shall assemble annually, and shall have power to fix the time and place, and to limit the duration of its sessions. 8. President and Secre- tary The president shall be a minister of not less than fifteen (15) years' standing, and the secretary shall be a minister of not less than ten (10) years' standing. The voting in each case shall be by ballot. 9\. Who may vote for Conference Officers F-All ministers in full connection shall be entitled to vote for the president and secretary. 10. Re- election to Presidency. Each annual conference shall determine for itself the time which shall elapse before a minister shall be eligible for re-election to the office of president, provided always that no minister shall he eligible for election two successive years. 11. Funds of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. The funds hitherto known as district funds shall be under the management of the annual son france. The funds known us connections! funds shall be under the direction of the gonoiulconforonoo, and the presidents of the annual conferences shall see that all the regulations relating to these funds are faithfully carried out by and within the bounds of their respective conferences. GENERAL COM BUSCK. I.-Constitution.-The general conference shall consist of 1. The presidents and secretaries of the annual conferences for the time being. 2. One general noreUry of foreign minions. 3, One general clerical treasurer of each of the connectional funds 4\. One general lay treasurer of the Foreign Mission Society. fi. One general lay treasurer of each con national fund. All the above shall be members ex overs. 6. Ministerial representative from each annual conference in the proportion for the present of one minister to every eight (8) ministerial members of such conference, provided that no conference shall have less than two ministerial representatives in addition to its president and secretary. 7. Lay representatives from each annual conference, equal to the number of ministerial representatives, including the president and secretary. All representatives, both ministers and laymen, shall be elected by ballot of the annual conferences from among their own members. II The general conference shall have no power : I To revoke, alter or change any of our doctrines as at present established, or to establish any new rule or doctrine contrary thereto. 2. To revoke the general rules of our societies. 3. To make such change in our discipline as to do away with the itinerary of our ministry. 1. To do away with the privilege of trial and appeal of our members or ministers, as at present existing. 5. To do away with the right of the ministers to admit or expel members, subject to such guards and regulations as our rules provide. 6. To do away with the right of the ministers to receive and ordain ministers in our church, as our rules provide. III. Powers of the general conforence. Subject to the before-mentioned restrictions, and with the proviso that so long as this Connection remains in affiliation with the English conference the right of the said English conference, at its first annual session after the minutes of the Australasian general conference have been received, to disallow any law or regulation which, in its judgment, is incompatible with the doctrinal or disciplinary principles of Methodism, be in no way interfered with the general conference shall have power. To elect by ballot on its assembling from the members, a minister of not less than fifteen years' standing to preside over its proceedings, and in the intervals of the sessions of the general conference to perform such duties as the general conference may direct. Provided, nevertheless, he shall not exercise a general superintendency, or any powers which are conferred upon other. officers of the church. 2. To divide the annual conferences, or alter their boundaries. 3 To create new conferences. 4. To alter the proportion in which the annual conferences shall from time to time elect representatives to the general conference. 5 To make And direct the annual conferences to effect all necessary interchanges of ministers between he several annual conferences. 6. To appoint committees and officers for the several connectional funds. 7\. To review the proceedings of such committees, and sanction or disallow the same. 8. To arrange the order in which the several annual conferences shall make provision for returned missionaries. 9. To direct any annual conference to re-appoint to the full work any minister who may have been made a supernumerary since the last general conference. 10. To disallow any of the regulations of the annual conference which in its judgment infringes any of our constitutional principles. 11 And generally to legislate for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. McWhae number shall form a quorum P-The i general conference shall, on the first day of its session, determine the number of the members of such conference to form a quorum. A General Conference Meeting. The general conference shall meet once in three years, and shall have power to fix the date and place of its sessions.. The following memorial was received and read in the conference yesterday, and was remitted to the Rev. J. S. Waugh and W. A. Quick to frame a reply : Ballarat, 27th May, 1875. To the President of the Wesleyan General Conference. Melbourne. Honoured Sir-We most respectfully forward you the enclosed memorial, and sincerely hope you will give it a favorable consideration. The seventy-five signatures attached are those of such gentlemen as could be easily seen during the latter part of to day, and include nine local preachers, twenty-three class leaders and past and present officers. The greatest eagerness to sign is observable on every side ; indeed we are sure eight-tenths of our people here would readily subscribe to the terms of the memorialists have the honour to be honoured sir, yours obediently, James Russell, Chairman. William Little, Secretary, Ballarat, 27th May, 1873. To the Reverend President and Members of the Wesleyan Methodist (General Conference of Australasia, assembled in session in Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, Melbourne Honored Sir and Brethren, We, the undersigned office-bearers, members and adherents of the Wesleyan Society in Ballarat, respectfully address you on the subject of lay representation in conference, and in doing so are wishful to express our loyalty and attachment to our church, and further to assure you that our present action, in protesting against the too restrictive character of your recent legislation, results from a desire to advance the real welfare of the church and to promote that cordiality which should exist among all her various agencies. We are deeply impressed with the importance of having the new constitution, which is to be given Wesleyan Methodism in Australasia, at once sufficiently liberal and acceptable to the church, that further agitation may be prevented, and peace and harmony secured. Conference, while admitting the principle of lay delegation, has be limited its operation as will make the scheme distasteful to the laity, and to a great extent inoperative in practice and baneful in result. i From unofficial information we are led to understand that laymen are to be excluded from conference while the business, arising out of the following questions, is transacted, vis 1st. The election of president, secretaries, and chairmen of committees 2\. The status of members. 3. The stationing of ministers. 4. The first thirteen questions of conference of 1873. Also, that the public press is excluded, We respectfully, but firmly, submit that ministers and lay representatives should have co-ordinate powers throughout the entire business of conference This we sincerely believe to be both our scriptural and reasonable right. Further, we contend it is very impolite to exclude the press and thus leave vast numbers of our people, as well as the public, in entire ignorance of the transactions of conference. We would therefore respectfully ask you to favourably entertain our protest, and reconsider the decisions you have arrived at. In conclusion, permit us again to assure you of our fidelity to the cause, and our desire to advance the temporal and spiritual interests of our church, in which many of us have so long laboured, and in which we hope still to work with increased staff in promoting the extension of Christ's kingdom. We have the honour to. be, honoured sir and brethren, yours obediently. Carries Russell (Mayor of Ballarat East), James Oddie, Richard Tregaskis, J, T. Phillips. William Little, W. T. DlmBoy, Richard Kent, Thomas Taylor, Edwin Curtis, Alfred Yates, James Long, David Ham, John Little, J. S. Kelly. Chas. Salter, Henry Bell, Thomas Rogers, and 58 other gentlemen. 