— SpiRIT "RIFLE PRACTICE, ' ;9D Wf? (8deindfid-' American.) vi; .-.ivmi '."' Ape, papers contain ao account of a so- ellled1 'elaborate investigation of a material ised spirit, which, recently took place 'in bt. Lousis. . The "medium, was one W, C. Clui k, who preten'ds that hejiasa band of thirty- two, disembodied spirits about him, some, of which he can materialise by. the odic or mes- mericforcein him. During this materialisatioi', the medium was tied up in a closet,- and; the room darkened,; .when, after a little while, u curtain was withdrawn, exposing a part of the interior of-the closet, in which then the ghoBt or materali8ed' spirit was seen. As it was auspected that, in this.caao, the same kind of deception was employed as in the Katie King affair, namely, that a real person of flea h and bloo'd acted the role of th'e spirit, it was "sug gested, that .a crucial test would be to, fire - at the' spirit, with a.; loaded, musket, as a real; spirit could not be hurt by such, an experi ment. .-Mc' Clark having "asserted /that his materialised spirits were no deceptions, but real apirits, and could stand such a test, be receiy'ed from An able marksman the foJIoW- ing formal challenge ; — "St. Louis, Aug. 4, 1875. — Mr Olurke : : Dear 'Sir,1 — Having a'ftfen'ded A 'seaiice given- by -youi,-!' and -/having seen the wonder fu I 1 in alei ial isa tio ns, I will give you fifty dollars to produce one face at t&e;£ajierture,:'if you; .will let- me, or any/per-/ son I may haino fire a shot at it with a rifle." If it is a spirit face it cannot hurt 'if, and it will satisfy me it is not yon with a mask on yourface.'' 'My conditions are that you will disrobe .yourself and put on clothes I, shall produce, and permit me to fasten you to the bottom. of, the cabinet. Yours .respectfully, Henry Timkens," This was accepted ' by Mr Clarke; On' the appointed' evening, ing, August 8, he was divested of all cloch- and'i other ' clothes brought - by- Mr Tim- kens were put on him';; he was tied-down to the -bottom of the cabinet by ropes passed; '.hrpugh boles ; a , black curtain covered a w,indqw;at, wbich the ghost was to appear; the window was located on one , side of. the medium; striug to opeu this curtain "was ! placed within reach of Mr Claik. The j cabjnet was cloaed and the light's turned down": nnd after'a rieriod'of bainful- stillness.- the medium asked the audience to sing, and they-i-; did 1 so with a will. After they had; finished several songs, a loud knocking was heard, which slowly became more gentle, and then ceased; / After three quarters of an hour, during "which nothing happened" biit an occa sional spasmodic knock, a painful cry was heard in the cabinet, the black curthin was' withdrawn, and a face r appeared at the windo w. It was .that of a girl with bine eyes and-brow-n hair! The face was instantly seen by all present, and is described as having features and other characteristics of a mask, "Fire," said/the .voice of Mr Clark in the cabinet ; . and Mr Timkens, who had before pointed 'his rifle at the centre of the widnow, palled the trigger, and tbeball passed through the face and lodged in t he-pariidon of the 'cabinet'; while the face remained.- at /Hfe winclo w un moved for about:a minute rionge.r/,V\vhen it was concealed by, th'e "black curtain' which was drawn- over! the opening. . i , - -The acco'un t;i8 very minute.in details about the inspection of tlie.-ca.bjtiel; and .'the ropeB with which the mediiTiFwafftie'd ; and it es pecially. reports all which-the latter, said;- con- cerning his fatigue and the emauatiobs tfrom ht8-own'spirit and other spirits he./ controls ; but no means appear to' have been /taken to getihold of the mask,, which was doubtless the thing need. ' The same parties/the-Hplme') , who exhi- bi.to<l) the- Katie. , , King - ,materialisation in' Philadelphia were recently exposed iii Brook lyn, where a company of 'spiritualists them selves fqund out the. deception practised by masks, which were exhibited before, a cur tained window, as at St. Lousis. Such a mask, of . course,, would not beburtmucb by a.Jball.; butitthere are other, more scientific and refined methods of -practising, these deceptions, vsucli. asioptical conttiyancee, which can"v be, ,- made, to give images which are perfectly ,- yisible and totally intangible. - 