BISHOP BROMBY'S LENT LECTURES ON. THE ENGLISH CHURCH. OTTO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sirs-I am constrained to trouble you with another letter in reference to the origin of the Church Of England. I have in former letters abundantly proved that church to be a new church, unconnected with any other that its government, worship, and articles of faith, are different from any other church, and that it was created by Act of Parliament, when parliament could be coerced by the Crown, But the Bishop denies this in his answer to me in last Monday's Mercury ; so I will, if you permit, reiterate and strengthen what I have said and this will, I am confident, set the question at rest in every candid mind. The Bishop Bays "The statement that the doctrine and worship of the English Church originated in an Act of Parliament, is contradicted by the laws of England, which declares nothing shall be adjudged heresy, but that which heretofore has been adjudged by the authority of the canonical scriptures, or the first four general councils, or some other general council, wherein the same hath been declared heresy, by the express word of scripture ; or such as shall be termed heresy by the High Court of Parliament, with the assent of clergymen convocation" (1 Eli?.) Cannot the Bishop see that this Act of 1 Eliz. assumes in general terms a supremacy over the church ? This Act gives a new definition of heresy such as was never given before that Parliament presumed to make a decree concerning faith as if it were a council of bishops. But let us go back to the beginning. Cardinal Campeggio refused to pass judgment on the divorce of Henry and Catherine, and Cardinal Wolsey consequently fell into disgrace with the king ; Thomas Cromwell took the Cardinal's place as chief in the king's council ; then this unscrupulous and crafty man represented to the king the policy of making himself head of the church, and of settling the question of the divorce in his own courts, independently of the Pope. From that time the king ceased soliciting the Pope, and began a course of intimidation. Cardinal Wolsey had exercised regarding authority in England for fifteen years, having, according to English law, obtained from the Crown letters patent for that exercise, notwithstanding an information was filed against him by order of the king, for exercising such authority, and as he refused to plead in defence, he became subject to the penalties of premiers. s After this informations were filed in the King's Court against the whole body of clergy in the penalties of, promotion, for submitting to Wolsey's legañtineauthority, though they would have been contumacious and criminal had they refused ; both the convocations of Canterbury and York reassembled, and that of Canterbury offered £200,000, and that of York offered £18,840, for a free pardon the King refused the money, unless they would insert in the preamble to the grant, that " the King is protector and only supreme head of the Church and clergy of England." After days of discussion they added the words, with the addition of "as far as the law of Christ will permit." This action of convocation in 1851 did not annul the supremacy of the people in the English Church, fair after the King had granted the pardon so richly paid for, ho nominated Gardiner to the See of Winchester and Dr. Lee to that of York, and they solicited institution from the Pope and the King, as soon as the bulls came from Rome, invested the Bishop's with their temporalities. Allow me to call Dr. Bromby attention to this fact, I am sure he will not deny it. In 1532, the Parliament met, and passed an Act forbidding (first fruits, and athletes to be paid to Borne, under the penalty of, for fear trio of personalities to the King, and the profits of his Spe, as long as he held it, and if the people refused the necessary bulls for the institution of bishops, they should proceed in the matter of consecration by the archbishop without the Pope's institution, There are two reflections to be made, on this law ; 1st, it did not disarmed the Pope's supremacy for the apparent vigor of that act was mitigated by providing that any bishop might pay five per cent. on his yearly income to the of Pope for necessary hills, 2nd. It was an act of pains and penalties, What- ever, therefore resulted from this act to weaken the authority of the Pope in the Church of England, was not the spontaneous act of the clergy and people ; but was by Act of Parliament, by the power of the King, who had the desire to intimi- date the Pope into granting the divorce In 1553, the King's agents were instructed to inform the Pope that the Royal cause might be tried in England, and if the Pope would agree to the judgement there given, the Kingdom should remain in full obedience to the Apostolic See and the agent sent to request of the King to suspend all religious topics in Parliament, having great hope the King's desire would be granted. So far there was no actual breach between the King and the Pope ; but the next year brought the schism. Schism is a separation from the church ; a refusal to be under the constituted government of the church j s making a separate society. in 1634 Acts of" Parliament were passed that made the Pope's supremacy urday, ful in the Church of England and that the king and his heirs were declared to be "the only supreme heads of the Church of England with full power," as the act stated, .' to visit, reform, and correct all such errors, heresies, abuse, and contempt, which by any manner of spiritual authority ought to be reformed or correction ;" and it was made treason to deny that the king was head of the clan eli. An oath also was framed to compel all to swear that the king was head of the church, or suffer the penalties provided. Thus was the Schism completed, Now, sir, allow me to ask, if the Pope's authority was not abolished by Act of Pulls- ment t And if the King was not made head oLtko church by the same authority ! It is also true that all who would not accede to these Acts were liable to the penalty of high treason. Thus was the schism completed. How far the Bishop's assertion is correct when he says that the doctrine and worship of the Church of England originated by Act of Parliament is contradicted by the laws of England, will be made clear in the next reign. The Heresy. In Edward's First Parliament an Act was passed similar to that of Henry VIII., that to deny the (boy) King (aged SI) to be the head of tho'churoIfwuB made high treason. In the same Parliament an Act was passed ordering the sacra- ment to be given in both kinds. It was declared by the same Parliament that all spiritual jurisdiction is derived from the King. The bishops received orders from the Government to abolish the custom of bearing candles on Candlemas day and not to allow ashes to be given on Ash Wednesday j or allow palms to be born on Palm Sunday. '* But the King (aged 10) promised further reforms so in the next Parliament, the sacrifice of the mass was abolished, and a new liturgy was ordered to be used ; compiled by the aid of the Holy Ghost, as the preamble to the act declared. It was ordered to be used in all churches instead of the old service of the moss. If the ancient Service was used in any church after the ensuing Pentoaost, for first offence, a fine of a year's profits, and six months' imprison- 'meat, for the second offence imprisonment for a S' W, and loss of all income for the third offence imprisonment for life. In addition to the innovations forced upon the nation by the introduction of the new new book of Common Prayer j there were forty- two articles of Religion compiled; nearly the same as at present thirty-nine articles, and ordered by the savings that is by the only supreme head of the shares of England (today) to be inherited by all clergymen and schoolmasters. Thus was the heresy completed. We shall see presently how it was confirmed and enforced by Elizabeth. Under Mary, all the penal laws connected with the establishment of Protestantism were repealed and religion was restored to what it was in the first year of Henry VIII. But by the 1st Elizabeth, it was enacted that the new religion should be restored- She was the daughter of Ann Boleyn before Catherine died, and therefore illegitimate by the law of the church ; this furnishes a motive for not continuing a member of the church ; so in her first Parliament an act was passed that the Book of Common Prayer should alone be used, under the penalty of death for a third offence. It had been several times amended and added to, notwithstanding the high authority by which it had been introduced to public attention the first time. The authority of the Pope was again abolished and to assert the Pope's authority in spirituals was punishable by death for a third offence.- All clergymen or others might be compelled to take the oath of supremacy of the Queen over the National Church. The Catholic bishops, except Dr. Kitchen of Llandaff refused to take the oath of supremacy and those who did not make their escape were imprisoned and all of them deprived of their sees by law. The Queen desired to create new bishops, but how was this to be done The Catholic bishops were deprived, and the new ordinal was abolished, under Mary: but after grave consultation with learned canonists and others it was resolved and confirmed afterwards by Act of Parliament that the Queen could supply by her own authority all that was wanting to make the consecration valid. Now we have for the second time ; (as if for giving emphasis to the fact) the Church of England, established by the English Parliament. The Bishop says, in his reply to me, that God " from the days of John downwards makes use of unworthy instruments," but the Bishop surely does not mean to say that God makes use of unworthy instruments to spread a purer knowledge of His will and to promote His worship. He makes use of such instruments as means of punishment for sin, but to promote a knowledge of Himself. He raised up prophets, and Holy Kings. Now I believe the whole of the chief promoters of the reformation from Henry VIII, and Crammer, were fearful instruments in his hands for punishment, for pulling down both faith and morals, but nothing worth for building up a nation in virtue. There would be some consistency, sir, in an advocate of the English Church frankly admitting that his church is a human institution, as indeed it is and candidly allowing that it stands on the same Protestant platform with the Wesleyan or the Calvinists, &c.; ; but to pretend (and I must confess it seems to me all pretence) that it is a portion of Christ's one holy Catholic and Apostolic church is an historical absurdity. I am, Sir, yours, A CATHOLIC LAYMAN. 