' ' ' ' v.': 1 , THE GAT AND THE GHOST Of a sudden I became , aware that something had affected my cat's equa nimity. The purring ceased, and she exhibited rapidly increasing symptoms of uneasiness. I bent , down and en deavoured to coax her into quietness, . but she instantly struggled to her feet-' in- my lap and spitting vehemently/ with back arched, and tail swollen, she assumed, a mingled attitude of terror and defiance. . The change of her position obliged me to raise myr head, and on looking- up, to my inexpressible hom-or, I then per ceived that a little, hideous, wrinkled old hag occupied mama's chair. Her hands were rested on her knees, and her body was stooped forward so as to bring her face in close proximity with mine. Her eyes, piercingly fierce, and shining with an overpowering lustre were steadily fixed on me. It was as if a fiend were glaring at me though them. Her dress and general ap pearance denoted her to belong- to the French bourgeoisie; hut those eyes so wonderfully large, and in their ex pression so intensely .wicked, entirely absorbed my senses, and precluded any attention to detail. I should' have screamed, hut my breath was gone ; whilst that terrible gaze so horribly fascinated me; I .could neither with draw my eyes nor rise from my seat. . I had meanwhile been trying- to keep a tight hold on the cat, but she seemed resolutely determined not to remain in that neighborhood) and after some more desperate efforts at length suc ceeded in escaping from my grasp. Leaping over tables, chairs, and all thac came in her way, she repeatedly threw herself, with frightful violence, against the top panel of the door which communicated witli-the disused room. Then returning- in the same frantic manner, she furiously dashed against the door on the opposite side. My terror was divided, and i looked by turns, now at the old woman, whose great staling eyes were constantly fixed ou me, and now at, the cat, who was becoming every instant mure frantic. At last the dreadful idea that the animal ha-i gone iriad had the effect of restoring my breath aud -i screamed loudly. Matmna ran in immediately, and the cat, on the door opening, literally sprang over her head, audr for upward of half an hour "ran up and" down the stairs as if pursued. i turned to point to the object of my terror — -under such circum stances the lapse of time is difficult to appreciate, but I should say that the apparitiju lasted about four or five minutes. Some time afterwards it transpired that a former proprietor of the house, a woman, had hanged herself in that very room. — -Rev. J. G. Wood. 