I 5e mystery of the tall I GREY MAN. I Qnstleg&r; is a plain but substantial- I looking bouse, standing in a moderately I wdl-wooded park on the banks of the I ghmooii I Somehow Hugh Macdermott, the I owner of Castlegar, managed to live. I From the lawyers, who were eternally I bothering about mortgages and bills, he I managed to extract something ; and I wieD big money failed him, he used his credit I Bat the style of the former Macder- I motts was a thing of the past Castlegar I was no longer the bannt of gay squires, I air ladies, and dashing officers. That ended with Prince Roderick, Hngh's I father; and so too did all hopes of I restoring the property to the family. I It was the dream of Hugh Hacder- I mott's life that his daughter should I mate. a. grand match, and retrieve the | fallen fortunes of the family. Such | dreams have been the solace of many I fathers with encumbered estates 'and I pretty daughters.: Bat Rosie Macder- I mott, at nineteen, took it into her charming head to fell in love with the heir of the Martins of Martinmount, a family as venerable, proud, and poor as' her own. Martinmount was on the other side of the river, and Barry Martin used to row across the'strfeam oftener than there was ariy - rfehfl' necessity. The two families were not particularly good friends, and Hugh Macdermott was not over-fond of the son of the man who had been his successful rival at school, at college, and I in love. But Rosie and Barry were not I at all concerned at the cold glances and I studied politeness which greeted the I young man on his daily visits. They were too much occupied with each" other I to heed whether Hugh Macdermott was I civil or not." But ODe day the old man, standing at his window, saw Barry Martin put his arm round Miss Rosie's waist, and then the storm, which had been gathering for some time, bnrst in full' fury. "Go and tell Miss Rosie I want her," said he to the bntler, " and say to Mr. Barry Martin I'll be glad of a few minutes' conversation with him in my study." Miss Rosie received Roger's message with a very bad grace, .and -Barry Martin with some misgivings ; bat they both followed the servant at once, for Hugh Macdermott was not a man to.be trifled with. " Go np-stairs, Rosie, to your room, and dou't come down till I send for yon ; do you hear me j Go." And thenher father entered the study where Barry, with a show of carelessness, was trying the condition of a double- barrelled gun. " Barry Martin," Hugh Macdermott began, in an awful voice, and thumping the floor with his stick, " bow dare you come making love to my daughter with out my permission ? Do you support you are a proper person to many the last oi the MacdeTmotts, and heiress to Cas- tlegar! 'My daughter with her beauty, and cleverness, and family, might marry a duke ; as it is, die is to marry a baronet Do you hear that Barry Mar- | tin I — a baronet with. dive thousand .a | year! Now, sir, take yourself ont of my honse, and'offirty 'premises. I give you ten minutes to do it, and never more let me see or hear of yen, showing your face at Castlebar ; and if I learn that you attempt to see or speak to Miss Mac dermott, I'll thrash you to within an inch of your life 1" and the stick came I down heavily. I " But, sir, Eosie " I " Don't dare to answer me, sir. It's I a pretty piece of business if a man can't I do what he likes with his own daughter ; I and you may tell Mrs. Martin that I've I had my turn ;" and the Macdermott I laughed sarcastically. I Barry left the room and the honse, I scarcely knowing what he did. He was I in a towering rage, but the Martins were I a family who had always the happy faculty of keeping their tempers well in I hand, and Jie knew that to answer the old man would only make his chances of ever seeing Rosie again fewer than ever. So he held his peace, and ' went home vowing to have revenge in some shape or other, even though he was Rome's father. After Rome had arranged her unruly locks to her satisfaction, and substituted a fresh collar for the rather crumple one she wore, she went to the window of her room and looked out. The room was over the hall, and commanded about the I best view in the honse of the river, and the country beyond. I "Dear old Castlegar, how lovely it is 1 I I don't believe there is a prettier place in I the world. Good gracious ! Barry is I going, and he promised to stay for I luncheon, and -ride with me afterwards. I What -on earth - can he mean !" and j raising her window she put ont her head, I and called, " Bany !" I But he was.&lreeidv; & -frnrui vav 'dnum I the avenue, and too angry to hear, even I if he had beep jierQ; enough. I "Well, I'll pay him off for this," Rosie | said, as the luncheon-bell rang, and she I run lightly down-stairs. I "Didn't I tell you to stay in your I room till I sent for you f her father sudd' I assheaitge4 - . - I "Yes, papa, but I'm so hungry" she I answered, taking "her place , at the head I of the table, .1. really conldn't wait I Where's Bany Martin. I" I " Rosie;' if -yon" Tiave Any regard for I your life, doii't mention that' name in. I my hearing again. I saw him to day — I kU yon.Xsaw him— yon may well I blush — and I turned him out of this I house in .a; jyay he wont forget The I idea of a 'Martin wanting to many a I Macdermott 1" and the stick was I iolently shaken. . "Look here, Rome. I I had a letter to-day from an old friend I of mine. He says, he . is coming to see I M, and I mean yon to many him. He's I a baronet, and. has five thousand a year." I "How old is he, papa!" Miss Mac- I dermott asked calmlv. looking at her I father. I v " flW knw His name is Sir I flupert S farewell, and be is a gentleman I I esteem very highly. He is the man X I intend to be your husband, miss, so look I to how you treat him," the Macdermott I replied in a terrible voice. . I "When is Sir fiupert coming, pa?" she asked. I "To- morrow,.pr.nextday at the latest, I so you have not .much time to spare if I you mean to have a place ready for him I to sleep in." I " Oh, Til jrat bim in the red room," Borne answered calmly. " So I'm to be Lady Starewell. Not so bad for Miss Macdermott. Don't yon fear, papa. Til bave Sir Rupert if be «Tra me." " I thought you were a sensible girl. Fm gladtofind you. look at . the matter from a reasonable point ,®f view. Hiss me, my dear. If I am rather cross, it's for your good. There's no fear bnt Sir Rupert '11 have you — in . feet, he said as much to me." Every Irish family of any antiquity has a ghost, and those of particularly ancient descent have a "banshee." The Macdermotts had both, the ghost for many years confining himself to the ruins, the banshee never troubling the slumbers of any one, dead or alive, as for as could be ascertained. But stUl they belonged to the place, and were treated with dne consideration when their names were mentioned. Rosie took great pride in telling strangers of both, describing the tall, white-haired man, Had in a long, grey mantle, who used to stand on the battlement of the round tower which forms the centre of the rains of old Castlegar, and gaze at the calm, deep waters of the Shannon below. That old man, seventeen hundred and twenty- five years ago — he wasn't old then — flung a stranger knight from the east country (who came to woo his lady-love) from the top of the tower, and threw aftee him a great bag of gold and Jewels, wherewith he sought to purchase from her father, - Mona Bawn, the daughter of Maccps-. grave' Dhuo, Lord of Coolafynn, and the promised bride of Ulic More Macder mott. No stranger had ever attempted to wed into the family from that time but the ghost took up his station on the battlements of the tower, and mourned over the sad event, on more than one oc casion actually preventing the hated union by personal interposition. Father Roche, the priest, firmly believed -in these old stories of Castlegar, and so did Hugh Macdermott But when Sir Rnpert Starewell was told of them, he pooh- poohed the idea, and, looking from ' the drawing-room window, declared it a mat ter of impossibility for any ghost to stand on the top of that tower — ' the more especially, Wish Macdermott, as you assure me there are no stairs, or any other means of getting up," he added. " That's a matter on which yon can satisfy yourself, Sir Rupert We'll walk down to-morrow, and row over, and ex amine the place thoroughly. I confess Fm no great believer in ghosts, bnt when yon actually see one, it looks wicked to donbt them," Miss Rosie answered very gravely. " When I see one, I dare say I shall believe. Until then I claim the right of expressing my unbelief ; and I confess, Miss Macdermott, I don't like the idea. Ghosts are uncomfortable sort of things to have in the family," the baronet said. " Oh ! in Ireland we like them, Sir Rnpert ; bnt I suppose it's because we're used to them, and all the real old fami lies .them. You can't think how sorry Td be ir -a ohost denarted from Castlegar, Miss Rosie aum-U A week passed, and Sir Rupert aim Rosie got on splendidly. ;They visited and explored the ruins together, walked, and rowed, and boated j and the Btern, stately Englishman, while he was learning to love the heiress of the Macdermotts, was also becoming slightly in awe of her. It was not nearly so easy a matter as be fancied to go up and say, " Miss Macdermott, 1 am willing to marry yon. I am Sir Rupert Starewell, and I have five thousand a year." Still they got on admirably, and Hngh Macdermott was congratulating himself on the success of his plana Barry Martin was as com pletely forgotten as if he had never ap peared on the scene, or been the first lover and loved of Rosie. Another week -passed away, and one morning at break fast the squire and Sir Rupert both looked as if they had passed a very restless night, but Rome was as fresh, and charm ing, and lovely as ever. Her dreams had apparently been pleasant. It was arranged that they — Rode and the baronet — were to lunch at Craig Hall, the home of the Bodkins— a charming place, about seven miles higher up the river ; but when Rode rang to order the carriage, her father begged her not to go ; and, strange to say, Sir Rupert seconded the resolution ; so in much wonderment she consented to stay at home, bnt pro posed a row on the river, which amuse ment was violently opposed also, and again Rosie good-natnredly gave in. That evening Father Roche dined at Castlegar, and at a few minutes before twelve o'clock he said good-night to his host, and started for home. Old Roger opened the door, and both looted across in the direction of the rains, ft was a clear moonlight nighty and there, on the round tower, clearly and distinctly stood Ulic More, "the old man in grey." Father Roche blessed himself, and re turned to the drawing-room, accom panied by Roger, , who was white and tiwmhtinfr. The priest sat down, and wiped bis -face. " If s no use, Hngh. I can't go home to-night; I saw Ulic More on the tower, -and for all the Insteps in Rome I would not pass Kilkeevin." ' " Yon do not really mean to say yon saw the ghost, Father Roche 1" Rosie said in dismay—" the old man on the tower f' " As plainly as I see yon now, my dear," the priest answered, shaking his head. "Roger saw him, so that there can be no mistake. Yon most give me a bed, Hugh — anywhere in the inhabited region." -. Nothing could persuade Father Roche to pass Kilkeevin, the family burying place of the Macdermotts, and so he stayed at Castlegar all night. On the next morning there were three grave and haggard feces at the breakfast-table, and it was very evident that the gentlemen had paased a sleepless night. Bnt Rome was still quite unconscious, and chatted as gaily as usual ; and although all the day Sir Rnpert was strangely gloomy and abstracted, she did not ' appear to notice it That night; a little before twelve; he took up his station at the study window, and waited patiently for half an honr, bnt no ghost appeared ; though the next morning old Roger said Conaidine had seen going towards Kil keevin; and both Bir Rnpert and Hngh Macdermott looked like ghosts them selves. Even Rome seemed but of spirits and nervous, but when questioned she laughed, and put the matter offi Later in the day, her father called her into Hie study, and questioned her closely, and then she had to confess that she had heard strange noises during the night, and once, on getting ont of bed, she saw a white-robed figure, flitting along the banks of the river, looking occasionally in the direction of the honse, and wringing its hands. .. . "There's some of us going home, Rome," the squire said, in a mournful voice — " either you or I !" " You forget, papa, that our banshee cries when any of the Macdermotts are going to make an unlucky marriage," Rosie answered. "But I'll many Sir Rupert if all the banshees in Ireland were to warn me, if he'll have me." The next night Sir Rupert again took up his station at the study window, and was rewarded by a sight of the veritable ghost. There he stood, tall and grey, clearly defined against the sky, his face turned toward the house, and his hands raised to heaven as if he denounced it. The next morning it was the same story. Neither gentleman had been able to sleep a wink, and Rosie was also white and nervous. The dreary, dismal cries had kept echoing through the looms all night, and on three different occasions a white figure had stood at the head of Sir Rupert's bed, and said, " Go- go— go !" At the squire's couch the untiring question was, "What have you done with Barry Martin'?" for, since the day three weeks before that he had ordered .him off the Castlegar grounds, nothing had been seen of him. Poor Rosie was bewildered : she scarcely knew what to do, and neither her father temporal nor spiritual could give her any consolation. Old Roger; the bntler, was afraid to open the hall door after dusk, and not one of the servants would venture across theyard. Another weary day and awful night passed, and then Sir Rupert declared that he could not stand it any longer. " I love, I admire your charming daughter, Mr. Macdermott, and an alliance with yonr family would be the summit of my ambition ; but I can't stand the ghosts and banshees. I can't; upon my honour. I have not had a night's sleep for nearly a fortnight." The Maalermott did not press his visitor to remain ; indeed, it seemed a relief to the old man's heart that he re solved to go of his own accord, for he would jnst as soon have seen his daughter in her grave, in the family bnrying-place at Kilkeevin, as Lady Starewell, after all the warnings he had had. But the exit of the baronet did not bring peace to the conch of Hugh Mac dermott Trne, the old man in grey was seen no more on the round tower, but the question was still repeated nightly, "What have you done with Barry Martin?" At last, he called Rosie one day, and told her all. - " If yon can find ont where he is, send for him till I beg his pardon, for I can't stand this any longer. I'll be in my coffin before another week." " I'll do all I can to help you, papa, bnt I'm afraid that foolish yonng man has done something very desperate. You see. he was verv fond of me — and— and —you know, papa ;" and Rosie's head »t down behind her father's chair to hide 80metiuu&. That night the haVinKS>"v — herself with cryiDg at a very respectful distance, and the squire had a sound sleep. Whether the posset Rome brought him before he got into bed had anything to do with it, I don't know and the next afternoon Barry Martin appeared at Castlegar, and received the Macdermott's apologies and profuse professions of good-wilL « After a year the fortunes and families of Martiomount and Castlegar were united by the marriage of Rosie and Barry, a very happy and not particularly unsuit able union, as during the twelve years Bany had been a minor his possessions had increased considerably. Mrs. Martin and Hngh Macdermott came to be better friends than they had ever been since the time Fanny Vandelenr refused Hugh for Dominick Martin Barry's father. Bnt it was not for long years after — till Hngh Macdermott Martin was a ehipJir la<1 onfl P/kCia anil ' Pnnnn itltl enough to tease and torment their grand papa and grandmamma — that the story of the ghost of Castlegar was explained. On one All Hallow's Eve, when they were all assembled in the dining-room — the children and Father Rocfae, old Mrs. Martin and Hugh Macdermott — Bany declared that he dreamt the night before of the "grey old man ;" and Rosie laughed provokingly, while every one else looked serious. Then Barry told them how the ghost was none other than himseifj and the banshee Rosie. Every night he used to ran across the river after dnsk, and mount the tower by means of a rope-ladder on tbe opposite side. " If any one came near enough they .might see me comfortably ebjoying a cigar, and sometimes I brought a lantern and a book, or else read the dear little notes I bad from Rosie. I used to find one in a particular nest in the ivy every night Of course we planned it between us as a punishment for father's cruelty, and the "calm impudence of Sir Rupert Starewell,"'Barry said. " You can't thinks father, how hard I fonnd 1 it to" keep from laughing at his white face and shaking hands every iteming," Rose said "I used to throw a' white cloak over my head, and go iuto tbe green dressingroom — there is a door from that into the' red room, at the head of the bed — and I jnst stood in the door way and waved my arms, saying, 'Go — go — go r in a dreaiy monotone, and then crossed over to yonr room, papa,, to. in quire ' what you have done with Barry Martin " And the noise — the unearthly cries ?" Father Roche asked ; " I heard them myself — surely Mrs. Barry, you did not utter them f " My dear Father Roche; no ! I amply fitted a very rode A5olian harp into "one of the upper windows, and locked the door— that was the banshee's cry," laughed Rosie. "Of' course, I know it was very wrong, and I dare say papa is desperately angry, but jnst think- of the situation ! there was Barry head-over-ears in love with me, turned not only ont of the house, bnt out of the grounds. There was I, jnst a tittle in love with him, forbidden over to mention bin name. There was a haughty baronet coming to many me jnst as. he might buy an estate. There was papa, inex orable, not the smallest bit in the world open to conviction 1 — Why, I might be Lady Starewell now, if it werehkflS for that happy thought of ' Barry's about the ghost> and of mine about the banshee." The Macdermott was a little bit angry, and Father Roche a little serious, re membering the night he begged a lodg ing, because he could not pass Kil keevin ; bnt soon Rosie's bright happy fece; and joyous laugh, infected the rest, and they all :enjoyed a hearty laugh at the Mystery of the Tall Grey Man. 