ECOOLESIASTIOAL SAYINGS AND DOINGS. (From the English Independent.) THE Reformed Episcopal Church of America has recently been occupied in the revision of the 39 Articles, which they have reduced in number to 35. Article 24 thus deals with the figment of Apostolical Succession: "Article XXIV.-Of ministering in the congregation.-Those who take upon them. selves the office of public preaching, or ministering the ordinances in the congrega tion, should be lawfully called thereunto, and sent to execute the same. And those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent, whioh be moved'to'this work by the Holy Ghost, and are dulyp accredited by the Lord's people. That doctine of 'Apostolic Succession,' by which it is taught that the ministry of the ChristiapnDihurch must be derived through a series of uninterrupted ordinations, and that without this tactual succession there can be no valid ministry, no Christian Church, and no due ministry of baptism and the Lord's Supper, is wholly rejected as unscriptural, and productive of great mischief. This :-hurch values its historio ministry, biiut rcognises and honours as equally valid with its own the ministry of its sister Protestant Churches, even as God the Holy Ghost has accotn. panied their work with demonstration and power." The exaggerated hostility which the Pope has manifested towards Freemasonry has occasioned some considerable astonishment to many who know something of the nature of Masonic lodges in this country. The Unitu Cath lica lots out the secret: in Ultramontane minds, by some odd perver. sity, Freemasonry is associated with Angli. can Protestantism, and both, in their view, "must stand or fall together." The Weekly. Rlegister:-" Take England out of the world, and a good deal of enterprise would bo shut off from the uses of mankind; yet it must be doubted whether ireligion has much benefited by the existehce of our adventur ous race. Certain it is that, during the last three hundred years, England has done its best to render almost impossible the task of converting the heathen. Nay, more, it is not impossible that, but f~or British 'Foreign Missions,' all the world would have been Christian bh this time. The immsense resources bf our empire, with the industry our race, nave combined to sow rotestantism, like tares, half over thb world; so that the wheat has con second into the field. ' La nation la a isl a tsompr, la plus diflcile t detro per, et la plus puis. santo pour tromper le nautres,' has had a wide sphere for its Pro stantism. Hence, the exceptional direeti~ih of the full pros. perity of England has oon towards injur ing the Church." Rome has been refurbishing" her "rusty tools" in Montreal, where the ex. priest, Father Chinqiuy, has in two months enduced 250 persons to renounce Popery, this is the mode in which, according to the Christian Journal, the irate. supporters of Ultramontanism argued the matter:- "Brickbats, broken windows, battered church doors, bruised heads, yelling mobs, and threats of murder were the first weapons of defence; but when the Orange men called a meeting, arid resolved to' pro. teot the lecturer those muscular arguments abruptly ceased.,' The Irish Church pynod has finally passed the Bill removlng the damnatory clauses from the Athandsian Creed as road in the service, Rev, Dr, F. G, Loe,ein his "Reunion of Christendom," thus unb4lushingly describes the work which a large section of the Estalished clergy are doing in this coun try -': The marvel is that Roman Catholics do not see the wisdom of aiding us to their uttermost, 'Admitting that we are but a lay body with no.pretensions to the name of a church, we yet, in our belief (however mistaken) that we are one, are doing for England what they cannot do, We are teaching men to believe that God is to bhe oreshipped under the form of Broad, and they are learning the lesson from us which they have refused to learn from the Roman teachers that have been among us for the last 800 years. We are teaching men to endure willingly the pain of confossion, rWhlulh is an intense trial to the reserved Anglo-Saxon, and to believe that a man's 'I absolve thee,' is the voice of God. On any h?ypotheais -te are doing their oeerk," Thu Roman Catholio Bishop of Namur hls published a pastoral denouncing a new Liberal Assooiatapn which has been founded in Luxemburg, and declaring that whoever joins it "sinas grievously before God and is unworthy to partake of the Holy Sacra, meats," He puts these questions --" Who is it who revile the Church, the Pope, Bis hopes, and priests, in their newspapners P Who disobey most the laws of the Ohurcl P Who violate the saorodness of cometrles P Who neglect their Easter DutiosP Who road, write, and buy bhd1 books and bad papers P .Who keep out religion of any kind from educational establil?hmonts P"--His voply in, "Thoseo things' the Liberals do hero' ae in other landp," Here in his ttlhmatump --" If they aoe sincere In their respeoot for religion, t aleira0, pcet absould ex. tbnd to all that oasontilall belongs to it to tih Holy Cliurhli, to tilo Pope, BIihops, ' eprlstas, whom the Holy 9host hisa nost over it,'to rulo it, and whose authority Is from Gad, ,and, lastly, to tle't awi's and instltu. ions, Tbo w'iro.pullora of Ultsamontanism ltave got up quite a sueossiolH of anniversaries fuor this wevek s--Jnse 1,4 thirtiethi asniver. ;ary of the Po'eo's s\ebonslin Jsune 1, accoend centenary of thi "rovelation" to Mary Alaooqueo Jlunee , " Martyrdom of th.s Most Imlinent Jolti Fislur, Cardinsal lthop of Rocheslter," tho onelea'slnlti who Wvas Iherned l'yndalo'a llblio st Paul's Crossp hiprionpd for coesplhisti WIts th?e Nsn of IttisE· Ilike Ey~lterl'esi e I't~erX Vt~i·lli d position and death, and afterwards shared her fate. Why the anniversary of the ac cession of Queen Victoria (June 20) is chosen to commemorate the execution of June 22 of an allegedlrebel against the authority of one of her predecessors on the throne of England is, of course, only expli cable by those who h?ieo fathomed the mystery of Ultramontane loyalty. If the object was to protest against death penal. ties for opinion's sake, our Papal friends might have chosen the 23rd or the 80th of the previous month, for putting on sack. cloth, in conn Ction either with the burn. ing of Savos~la in 1498 or of Jerome of Prague in 1 6. The Italian Liberals have been commemorating the anniversary of tile birth of Alberigo Gentili, an Italian Protestant of the sixteenth century, by a pilgrimage to the house at Snnginesio, in which he first drew brbath. The Society for- Catholic Interestst endeavoured by every possible means, public and private, to prevent the prol'essors and students of the Meceorata University from taking part in the pilgrimage, but in vain, as not a single student or professor absented him self. The demonstration proved a great success, 