A MUSICAL GHOST. The following is related by the Bendigo Ad vertiser, on the authority of a reliable person, but that journal gives a carte blanche to its readers to believe it or not:—A gentleman well known in Sandhurst as a dealer in furniture, whom we will call Lamb, at "whose establish ment many an article had been <l popped" by needy persons, recently sold a piano that he had received as a pledge to an equally well known j speculator, whom we will call Smith. It so hap pened that within a week after the piano had been disposed of, Lamb departed this life rather suddenly, and was duly buried. Smith had had the piano removed to his parlour. One night recently he had re ired to bed, and was wrapped in peaceful slumber, when, at about two o'clock in the morning, he was suddenly awakened by loud and continued playing on his piano, which he had previously locked securely. He rushed down stairs for the purpose of reprimanding the supposed individual, when to his great terror and amazement he observed, as he says, the ghost of his departed " uncle" walking directly and firmly from the piano right through the front door. Being horribly frightened, he lost no time in retracing his steps upstairs- His better half was not awakened by the first performance on the piano, which consisted of a selection from Handel's " Mess:ah ;" but Smith had not long been in bed before the strains were resumed, the selection this time being from Mozart's " Gloria'—the " Twelvth Mass," in which there are several deep and striking notes. Smith heard all this, and after mentally abusing the piano be resolutely took refuge in the arms .of Morpheus. His" wife was awakened bv the music, and immediately screamed out and en deavoured to arouse her husband, but such seemed to be an impossibility, and she herself resolved to go down stairs and ascertain the cause of this unusual musical entertainment On reaching the room her iiewildercnent was greater than that of Smith, she having observed the same circumstances. In a frantic state of excitement she rushed upstairs, and succeeded in arousing Smith, and informed him of what 6he had seen. Next morning he determined to get rid of the awful instrument. He succeeded in doing so; but whether the same performance has been repeated at the house of the individual to whom he sold it or not he is not in a position to say. 