THE WEEK. IIohticuxtuhax Society. — The monthly meeting of the Horticultural Society was held on Wed nesday, in the Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth-street. There was. a very fair attendance of members, and on the tables were many beautiful plants. Mr. Ben jamin Cocks presided. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, said he thought it was a matter for regret that many more persons did not avail themselves of the advantages which the society offered. He thought the magnificent collection of plants on the table that evening were worth any trouble to see. The two orchids from the Botanic Gardens \yere in themselves ' sufficient to attract persons fond of flowers. Mr. W. Brown, amateur, exhibited a goodly stand of cut flowers, consisting of camellias, verbenas, abutilons, double flowering peaches (white and pink), rondcletia, azaleas, geraniums, and roses. Mr. Samuel Kippax, amateur, exhi bited a newly- imported plant of Nepenthe Bafflesiana. The exhibitor read the following remarks applicable to the plant: ' The various species of Nepenthes are extraordinary and singular plants, well known under the name of pitcher plants. They deserve to be grown in every collection. Some attain tlie height of twenty or oven thirty feet, when their appearance is inconceivably singular from the fine large pitchers which hang gracefully from the points of the strongest leaves. Many have supposed them to be extremely difficult of cultivation, but such is not the case, especially in our climate. Of course it is necessary to have artificial heat, as the roots require to be kept warm and moist. The plants should' be potted in a compost of coarse fibrous peat mixed with a large proportion of moss and broken bricks. The specimen before the meeting arrived per mail steamer last week, from the establishment of Mr. Bull, of Chelsea, England, in one of his patent Wardian cases. This is the second lot sent to me from the above establishment, and they have arrived in the best possible condition.' Messrs. J. and W. Gelding exhibited a general collection of cut flowers, amongst which were magnolias, Daphne fortuni, Acacia culviforme, Erica arborea, Cantua dependent, verbenas, camellias, &e.; The Director of the Botanic Gardens kindly furnished a magnificent plant of Phalamopsis Schillerianum, containing seventy-four fully expanded flowers ; vanda tricolor, with two finely flowered spikes, and a plant of Cypripeium Harrisianum, respecting which a memorandum attached stated that it was raised at the well-known nursery of J ames Veitch and Sons, by Mr. Domiav. It is the result of a cross between C. barbatum and 'C. villosiun. The orchids in question were m perfect health, and exhibited superior cultivation. Messrs. Graham and Co. exhibited a general collection of cut flowers, prominent amongst which were Ericas clianthus, Cantua dependens, coffee, Diosina, Dombeya astrapsea, Photinia, magnolias, &c.; ; also a flue plant of Clivea nobilis — such being a well-grown specimen in full flower. Mr. W. H. Gelding, amateur, exhibited a very fine plant of Cineraria hybrida. The plant was in full flower and exhibited superiority of cultivation. Mr. Luke Wooff read a paper on the reproduction of ferns, and concluded his papers on Cryptogamous plants. The Sydney Exchange. — A deputation from the Board of Directors of the Sydney Exchange, con sisting of Mr. George Thome, chairmanof the company, Mr. John Alger, Mr. S. Dickinson, and Mr. Hayes, the secretary, had an interview with the Postmaster General, at the General Post Office, on Monday morning; respecting various telegraphic and postal matters, the principal of which were the necessity for increased publicity being given to shipping ' from Northern ports, and for an extension of the time for forwarding messages from the Exchange, and ' for provision being made for sending New Zealand corre spondence, arriving by way of Melbourne, by the overland rente to Sydney, in cases in which the correspondence is delayed for too long a period at Melbourne from the Absence of steamers on the berth. The several matters in questions were discussed bv the deputation and the Minister at some 'length, and Mr. Burns promised they should receive early attention. The deputation thanked the Minister and withdrew. Royal Society or New SodtS WAle*.— 'I The usual monthly meeting of fee -.Royal Society^of New . Bon lb Watcs was held on Wednesday oveningAttheirrounts, Elizabeth -street. The chair was taken by the president v (the Rev. \V. B. Clarke), and there was a- good attend ance of members. The following new meutbers were balloted for and accepted : — Mr. J. 11. Palmer, Mr. Joseph Thompson, I)r. John llelisario, and Mr. Fraught H. Grundy. The President announced letters acknowledging the election n.s bon. members of Mr. Elier y, Government Astronomer of Victoria ; Dr. Ague w, of JIoLart Totm;. ' Mi. Lewi* A. Ik-mays, of Brisbane; and Baron Van Mueller. A disru-.sioi) ensued on Mr. James Manning'^ J) paper on (lie supply water by gravitation to the citv of Sydney. Mr. Manning supplemented his paper by ojuto rernaiks in reference to the pipes that would be necessary for the power of water propo-ftd by bis scheme to be broirriit info the city, to the supply of the North Shore, and to (lie exlent of the supply from the source in question. After some interchange of opinion ou various portions of tlie pro posal the thanks of the meeting were voted to Mr. Manning. i'lrouic! Entertainments of Ministers. — Gn Monday afternoon, the quiet little town of Pietou, the southern line, was enlivened by a dinner, giveu to tho Honourable Thomas Garrett, M.L.A., Minister for Lsuds, by a number of bis constituents in recognition of his ser vices as one of the members for the electorate of Camden, and in expression of sympathy with him in regard to the charge* which had been preferred- against liiui during the late session of Parliament. About 5 o'clock from 90 to 100 persons sat down to a well-served dinner in MRveudrick's George Inn, at I'icton, which, in honour of the occasion, was decorated with banners. Tho chair waa occupied by Mr. M'Innes, J. P. Tlie health of tho representative of the district and the guest of the evening having been given, Mr. Garrett, in returning thanks, took occasion to advert to the charges that had been brought against him in Parliament, to the political matters that, en gaged attention during the late session, and especially to the policy of the new Lands Act. To the toast ' The 'Parlia- ment* of New South Wales,' the Hon. W. B. Dalley re sponded. .' Prosperity to the district of Picton,' and other toasts were honoured before the company separated. On Tuesday evening Mr. G'arrett was entertained at a public banquet given at Berrim/i. About fifty persons .'wore present. Mr. Garrett, who was accompanied by the Hon. John Robertson, made a very lengthy speech on tho Land Bill, and also expressed his gratification at the manner in which his constituents had expressed their sympathy and confidence in him as their representative. The Hon. John Robertson, who, on rising, was received with loud and prolonged cheers, made a speech in which he forcibly put before those assembled the principles of the Land Bill aa amended in its integrity; he also spoke of the proposed branch railway to Berrima, and stated that if the coal could be deli vered at the pit's mouth at ten shillings a ton leas than the Government now pay, and a guarantee for twenty years to that effect given, the Government would feel themselves called upon to make this branch line, for not only would it tend to develop the mineral resources of the district and save eighty miles extra haulage ou the line, but it wtmld bo an item of vast importance to the revenue of the colony Mr. David Smith, in replying to the toast of tho mining interest, said he 'had heard with pleasure the proposal of the Premier, and he had no hesitation in saying that the company to which he belonged would accept that proposal, as it would he worth, when known to the company in London, £1CO,OOG ; he also stated that tho Fitzroy Iron Works would commence operations in a few weeks, and, having found that Berrima coal was superior aud cheaper than any other, it was his intention to use it in the manufacture of iron at \he Fitzroy. — On Wednesday, the ' Hon. John Lackey, Minister for Works, waa entertained by his friends and constituents at a com plimentary dinner, in a large marquee erected for tho occasion at the rear of Mr. Thomas Marsden's . Hotel, Liverpool. The marquee was decorated with flags, bushes, and flowers, and presented quite a festive aspect. About one hundred and fifty persons were present, including tho principal residents of Liverpool ana neighbourhood. As guests with the Hon. Minister for Works were'the ,Hon. John Robertson (Colonial Secretary), the Hon. W. Forster (Colonial Treasurer), the Hon. Thomas Garrett fMinister - - for Lands), the Hon. J. F. Burns (Postmaster-General), the Hon. J. Lucas (Minister for Mines). Mr. Charles A. Scrivener, tlie Mayor of Liverpool, presided. In the^eourso of his address, in response to the toast of his health, Mr. Lackey stated' the general policy, adopted in his depart ment, and brought forward some interesting details as to tlie extent of its operations. Linnean SocnoTY. — The monthly meeting of the above society was held at their rooms, Hunter-street, on Monday evening. Mr. L. F. de Salis was in tho chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were confirmed.. The secretary reported the presentation to the society by the Royal Society of New South Wales of their Transactions for 1874, which' he was instructed to acknowledge in suitable terms. Some curious crustaceans (Lepidurus sp.) pre sented by Mr. J. Phelps, M.L.A., were ' exhibited. They were described by Mr. Phelps as being remarkable for muking their appearance in the ' crabholes,' after prolonged drought, within a few minutes of their being filled by rain. The first part of the proceedings of the society was laid on tlie table previous to its distribution amongst the members. Messrs. Thomas Francis and C. H. Haw kes were balloted for, and elected; and Mr. W. H. Drake was proposed for election at the next monthly ? meeting. University op Sydney. — A meeting of graduates in the Sydney University was held on Tuesday evening, at the Free Public Library, for the purpose of nominating a candidate for election to the Senate of the University. Mr. W. C. Windeyer was voted into the chair. The chairman explained that the reason ho had in serted the advertisement convening the meeting was that there was a probability of an early vacancy occurring in the Senate. Mr. Merewcther, who had long been in England, and who had had leave of absence, was said not to be likely to return to the colony, and therefore it was very possible that the Senate would shortly declare the seat of that gentleman to be vacant. It had bpen thought by himself and several other graduates to whom he had spoken on the subject, highly desirable that there should be unani mity among the graduates as to the gentleman to fill the con tem'pla ted vacancy, and he had therefore called them together, in order that the' name of some gentleman might be pro posed in whom they might all agree. Mr. G. J. Sly moved the following resolution, which was seconded by Mr. Rogers, and carried unanimously : — ' That, in the event of a vacancy occurring in the Senate, Mr. Henry C. Russell, the Government Astronomer, be nominated as a candidate for the vacant seat.' The usual vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. The attendance was not: large, owing doubtless to the boisterous weather; but several of the gentlemen present said that other graduates with whom they had conversed had expressed entire con currence with the nomination of Mr. Rus6elL The Corporation Whabfs. — A deputation, consisting of the Mayor of Sydney, .Alderman Merriman, Alderman Day, and Mr. Bradridge'had an interview with i the Hon. John Lackey, and requested him to autbmise the 4 City Council to extend their wharfs at the foot of Lime street and Market-street to the same line of projection aa that of wharfs owned bv private individuals in the'- same neighbourhood- The Minister granted their request.' A Novelty fob Exhibition. — We have been, shown a very curious and intricate piece of workmanship, which just been completed for exhibition at feb coming v show (says the Forbes Times of the 21st ultimo.) It bte longs to no particular class, but is simply a work of tedious /.q labour, wherein a great amount of ingenuity has been applied. The artist is Mr. James Field, residing at ,J Bogabigal, and from a piece of native cbeiTv-tree wood ho tyl has carved out an anchor and twenty links ot a cable chain. % The whole piece is about two feet in length, and each link -|| is complete, yet distinct, without a break, a flow, or a join in ' |g it. The only tool he used was an ordinaiy penknife. ,3 The Proposed Bridges over the Parra matta River. — On Tuesday, Mr. Famell, Mr. John Blax- ^ land, Mr. Terry, and Mr. Tiinks waited upon the Minister for Works respecting the proposed bridges across fee Par- ' ramatta River.' Having ascertained that the amount voted y| by Parliament was not sufficient to build fee two bridges ^3 required, they were desirous that the work of constructing Jf one of the hridgea might be commenced, and th«J urged. Upon Mr. Lackey' the' importance of calling for tenders forthwith. They also pointed out the groat inconvenience ?which die inhabitants of the localities on the Parramatta Jliver suffered from the want of a bridge, and referred to the fact that the proceeds of the sale «f the Field of Mars Common would meet the cost «f the work. Mr. Lackey said that since the money had keen voted by Parliament, the Legislative Assembly had passed a resolution, moved by Mr. W. Foreter, affirming that the bridges should be built of sufficient strength to * carry a railway ; and that had of course greatly increased the estimate. He was unable to Bay that the money voted for the two bridges should he applied to the erection of one only ; but he would submit the question for the considera tion of his colleagues without delay, and lie should be glad if there were no insuperable objection to the course recom mended. The Watershed. — There is at the present time a vast quantity of water stored on the Botany and Lachlan watersheds, and in fact a large quantity is daily running into the sea. The new damson the Lachlan, which were recently described in this journal, are full, notwithstand ing the dry weather we have had for the past few weeks. To recapitulate the statistics published on the 17th June, we may state that the dams on the Lachlan reserve cover an area of 44$ acres, having a storage capacity of 77f mil lion gallons of water ; and that the dams on the Botany reserve have an area of 220 J acres, with a storage capacity of 473 million gallons. In 187 1 , when the present City Engineer, Mr. Francis Bell, was appointed, there were no darns on the Tamilian reserve. The total area of dams on the Botany reserve was 83 acres, with a storage capacity of 37,000,000 gallons. It will thus be seen that during the last three or four years the leservoirs have been increased in area by 177 acres, and in storage capacity by 453 J million gallons — or nearly six times the quantity that could be stored in J 871. From the fact that an enormous .quantity of water is daily running into the sea it would appear that all that is wanted to secure a more adequate supply to the city and suburbs is additional mechanical appliances for pumping it up to the reservoirs in Crown Btreet and at Paddington. Returns as to the height of the water in the various dams, and the quantity running over the weirs, together with the temperature of the air, temperature of the water, rain gauge, and other particulars are furnished by the officers in charge of the waterworks every week ; and from these it appears that from the 6th June to the 7th July, 6,000,000 of gallons of water were daily running to waste over the weir at the engine pond at Botany ; from the 7th July to the 2nd August, the water was running into the sea at the rate of -4,168,000 gallons per day ; and from the 2nd August to the present time, scarcely any rain having fallen in tlr interval, 1,134,000 gallons have been daily flowing into the sea. There is thus more water on the watershed than can he utilized with the present resources. Some months ago, Mr. Francis Bell made a proposal to the Municipal Council, by which the watershed area could he enormously inceased by the resumption of adjoining lands. This proposal, however, has been set on one side for the present. But some weeks ago, with a view of providing against such an emergency as. the break down of one of the three engines at Botany, and also with a view of increasing the supply to the city, Mr. Bell made nnother report to the Council. ' The report was as follows : — 'As the question of additional engine and pumping ' power for the waterworks will shortly be brought forward, I have the honour to make a few more suggestions on the subject. During three months of last summer the three existing engines were continuously at work pumping. This state of things could not possibly be expected to last much longer, and if a breakdoyro had taken place to any one of the engines the city would have been left very short of water. If the Botany engines were relieved from pumping to the high level, two engines qould deliver 35 millions gallons weekly to the low ser vice, which is about the maximum at present required. The third engine would always be in reserve in cases of 'emergency, or when more water was required for any special purpose. At present, when pumping to the high level, the strain on the engines is very great, and only two can be worked at a time, the maximum speed being nine revolutions per minute, whilst that to the low is twelve revolutions per minute. 1 would now suggest a cheap, easy, and expeditious method of meeting the difficulty, and «ne which could be brought into operation in a very short time, comparatively speaking — namely, to erect one or two engines at Crown-street reservoir, and pump from them to Paddington. By this method few pipes would be required, as the water could be pumped directly into the existing mains. I estimate the cost of two 80 to 100 horse-power engines and pumps, with wells and connections, &c.;, com plete, at £20,000. Vital Statistics. — The following extract is . from the Registrar General's report of the vital statistics of Sydney for the month of July, 1875 : — During the past month 277 births were recorded within the city, viz.,' 145 males and 132 females, being 17 above the quinquennial average, and 106 in excess of the deaths. The deaths numbered 171, viz., 94 males and 77 females, and were 25 above the Ave years average. The proportion of local diseases was 44*44 per cent. ; the principal causes of death in this class were apoplexy, 9 ; cephalitis, 5 ; brain disease, 6 ; convulsions, 6 ; bronchitis, 8 ; pneumonia, 8 ; and liver disease, 6. Zymotic diseases gave 16'96 per cent., with scarlatina, G ; typhoid fever, 4 ; and influenza, 5 ; as the primary causes. The proportion of constitutional diseases -21 '64 per cent.) was larger than usual, phthisis, 24 ; and cancer, 6 ; being the most prominent causes. Of develop mental diseases, 8 deaths were from old age, 2 from child birth, 4 from premature birth, and 7 from atrophy and debility (infants). The violent deaths were accidents, 4 ' {fractures, &c.;, 3, and poison 1, overdose of medicine), and suicide 1 (by cutting throat). Nineteen persons of the age «f 70 years and upwards died last month, viz.: — Male, aged 70, from disease of the stomach ; male, aged 71, from apoplexy; two males, aged 71 and 77, from bronchitis ; male, age a 73, from old age ; male, aged 74, from influenza ; and male, aged 74, from injuries accidentally received through coming in contact with an omnibus. Three females, each aged 73, from asthma, influenza, and inflam mation of kidneys, respectively; female, aged 74, from brain disease; female, aged 76, from apoplexy; female, aged 79, from senile gangrene; and six females, aged respectively 70, 78, 80, 83, 84, and 89, from old age. In the metropolitan division the births for the month were 561, and the deaths 266, being respectively 63 and 4 more than the registrations of July last year. The infantile mortality in Sydney was at the rate of '29-82 per cent to total deaths, and 6*62 below the average of the previous five years. Snake Bite. — The town of Teiiterlield (says the Star) was thrown into a state of excitement on Tues day week by a report that Mr. R. M'Kerihan, one of our respected townsmen, had been bitten by a snake, and on inquiry wc found it to be too true. It appears that the unfortunate sufferer was ploughing some ground for Mr. B. Laird, at the farm situated about a mile from town, and with the plough turned up a very large brown snake, which bit him on the leg, just above the anlde. Heat once laeerated the wound with a knife and had it sucked, and then walked into town. Mr. Cavanough was soon in attendance and very kindly administered to his wants. We are glad to state that, although not quite recovered from the effects, he is progressing favourably. Destructive Fibe at Gbenfell. — The Mining Eecord publishes particulars of the Are on Monday night, the 23rd August, by which the Catholic Church was (. . burnt down. By the time the fire had caught hold of the aacristy, there must have been over a hundred people present, most of whom set to work to save what they could of the main building ; but the usual want of organization was . . discernible, and men were running about in an excited state, getting into one another's way. One person ran out of the building with an armful of school slates, which he pitched to the* ground, breaking nearly all; another, scarcely' less excited, had a long piece of wood, and was busily engaged in poking the glass out of the windows ; while a third, in pulling off the sheets of corrugated iron, managed to shove the stick he carried through the sheets, rendering them comparatively valueless. A number of axes were now got to work, and soon a large portion of the roof and sides were got away, some of those who made a rush for the falling cherts of iron burning their fingers severely. The supposi tion is that the fire originated in a foul chimney. The value . . cf the building is estimated to have been about £600, and it was uninsured. Extraordinary Suicide. — The Bcndigo Advertiser says that suicidal mania is alarmingly increas ing in the Sandhurst district. - Scarcely a week passes without the recoids of one or two unsuccessful — and occa sionally successful — attempts made by individuals on their own lives. On tire 23rd or 24th August a man named William Ball, aboutsixty years of age, a carpenter by trade, but who has been earning his living for a long period by fossicking for gold in the alluvial gullies, committed suicide by cutting his throat. He had been living in an old hut in a lonely part of the bush, at Yankee Flat, near Loekwood, and was last seen alive on Monday evening, by a fanner named Seymour, residing in the locality. As he had not been seen 'as Usual on Tuesday and Wednesday, tome neighbours proceeded to his hut, and on opening the door the horrible sight met their gaze of the man lying on a stretcher with liis throat cut, and quite dead. No one would venture inside, ' and information was imme diately given to mounted-constable Kavanagh, of the Loekwood Station, who proceeded to the place without delay. On entering the hut he found the man's throat cut on the left side, the carotid artery) being almost, severed. His feet were strapped, and on his shoulder was found a razor besmeared with blood. The most extraordinary feature of the tragedy, however, is, that lying beside him on the bed was found an old cat, which, he bad had in his possession for years, the head of which was nearly cut off. The interior of the hut presented a horrible and sickening appearance, the bedclothes being saturated with blood, and the floor covered with it. What could have induced the man to take away his life is not known, certainly it was not drink, as he had been a stanch tee totaller for years. He had been ailing for some time, and had been attended to by Dr. O'Donnell, of Kangaroo Flat, who, it is stated, had supplied him with medicine free of charge, in consequence of hiB poor circumstances. He was a native of Somersetshire, England. Death from Chloroform. — The Pleasant Creek News states that the first death that ever took place at the Pleasant Creek Hospital, Victoria, during the administration of chloroform to a patient under operation occurred on the 22nd ultimo. Dr. Colquhoun, in company with. Drs. O'Connell and Bennett, was present to perform two operations. The first case was that of a female patient from North Coiack station, for cancer in the breast. This was accomplished quite successfully. The secand to be deait with was a man named William Gourlay, admitted last March for compound fracture of the leg. It was fearexPamputation would be necessary, but after consulta tion, and it being found that only a portion of the bones had not joined properly, it wa6 resolved to remove this por tion. He was placed on the operating table, but before anything was done, Dr. Bennett remarked to the patient that he had heard he was a little timid about chloroform. Gourlay said, in reply, that he had hcaid of one or two deaths occurring through the use of it. The doctor replied that although a death perhaps might occur out i if several thousand cases, surely he, Gourlay, was not going to be that one. Prior to administering, he examined the patient carefully, to ascertain if there was anything in his state to contra-indicatc the use of chloro form. He listened to the heart's action and felt the pulse, and both were considered satisfactory. Drs. Colquhouu and O'Donnell concurred with him in the conclusion he arrived at. Dr. Bennett commenced to administer the chlo roform, keeping all the time one of his fingers on the tem poral artery. After two or three minutes' inhalation, without any premonitory symptoms, the heart's action sud denly ceased. Efforts were immediately made to restore animation, and galvanic shocks applied, but all in vain. At the inquiry held the medical men were acquitted of all blame in the matter. Adelaide Philosophical Society.— From the Jttgif.tcr we learn that the two hundredth meeting of this society was held at the South Australian Institute on August 17. The Hon. B. T. Finniss read a paper entitled ' Facts bearing on the unity of the human race ; the birth place, colour, distribution, and antiquity of primeval man.' He first dealt with the vast 'antiquity of man, reaching into the prehistoric past, and his migrations from the cradle of the race to the distant regionB which he has since occu pied. It waB argued that there was abundance of evidence to -prove the truth of the theory that man as he first appeared was a savage but little removed from the animal types then existing in the old world, distinguished only by incipient speech and his erect position from the' other genera in the older of. primates in which he is classed. The elegant and elaborate forms of speech now prevailing throughout Europe had a lowly origin, which could be traced step by step to the ' cry from the aboriginal savage. Striving to communicate his emotions and wants through sounds in imitation of sounds around him, man's sensations, aided by a dawning intellect, became ideas, and he slowly rose to compound his rude utterances into intelligible forms of 6peech. Mr. Finniss then endeavoured to show that Africa was the original centre of all language, consequently of all human migration, if the reports of philologists were to be taken in their true significance. In sppport of that view he produced philological and ethnological evidence, and refined to the buried remains of extinct races and works of human art belonging to an epoch the antiquity of which was, he contended, to be measured by hundreds and thousands of vears. He touched upon the question of diversity of colour as not being antagonistic to the unity of the human race, and made reference to the varied theories of scientific men relative to the origin of species and the distribution of the race. A Smart Youth. — There figured in the dock of the City Police Court, at Bendigo, on the 26th August (says the Advertiser), a well-dressed lad of not more than 16 years of age, named Thomas Doolan, who was indicted for uttering counterfeit coin. No evidence was taken beyond the formal fact of his arrest, as the case had to be postponed pending the report of the Government analyst on the money and the chemicals found ; but from subsequent inquiries we are enabled to detail the circum stances of the case. The prisoner and his brother, William Poolan (19 years of age), lived together in a house in Barnard-street, and would appear to have formed a part nership between themselves for the silvering over of penny pieces, and passing them as halfcrowns. A shoemaker, who had repaired the elder Doolan's boots, was the first victim. When the boots were handed to him he (Doolan) placed the counterfeit coin in the shoemaker's hand, and immediately left. Subsequently be went off to Mel bourne, and left his younger brother behind to carry on his nefarious practices. This, the younger Doolan was not long in doing. Late on Tuesday night he began with the poor coffee-stall keeper in Pall Mall, by tendering a silvered penny in payment of edibles he had consumed, and received Is. 6d. change, without^ rousing any suspicion of its genuineness.^ But the deceived pie vendor soon discovered the imposition that had been impn deutly plaved upon him, and mounted-constable Bush was put in motion. Between 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning that' constable succeeded in arresting the youthful swindler whilst he was sleeping in bed at his house. In the room the constable found some phials containing chemicals, which had evidently been used to silver the coins. Mr. Ellis appeared on the prisoner's behalf yesterday when he was brought up before the City Bench, and applied for bail, which was granted ; but the sureties not being forthcoming Doolan was removed to the gaol. The family that these money-making young men belong to has long borne a bad. reputation. An older brother than either of those men tioned was sentenced some time since to a protracted term of imprisonment for bushranging, and two children of the same family were sent to the reformatory not long ago. ^ . A Harpy Country. — We ( Otago Daily Times) pray that it be not heard in Gath, nor publishedin the streets of Asealon, that on the 29 Jh day of June, m the year of grace one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five his Excellency the Governor, on behalf of her Majesty, in an address to our trusty and loving subjects,' appointed no less than 954 justices of the peace in our colony of New Zealand and its dependencies, 'for the punishment of offenders, the preservation of the peace, and for the general rule, welfare, and good government of our people, numbering about 300,000 — say one justice to about 314 Ynen. Now either the justices must be very weak, or the population very wild, to require such an appalling propor tion. Wc have not time at our disposal to analyse this list, but we find 1 Beetham, 4 Bells, 3 Birches, 3 Boys, no end of Browns and Smiths, more than one defunct person, a raw [ proportion of Johnstons, 9 Rue sells, 7 Campbells, and 44 /dacs, A Ghost Story. — The Tumut corres pondent of the Gu/idagai Times is accountable for the following : — ' During the past week one chief topic of conversation among local gossips has been the vagaries of the Windovrie ghost Were we to assert our disbelief in the existence of ghosts in general, and in this one in particular, we should probably incur the displeasure of some reader with spiritualistic proclivities, so we for the present refrain from expressing an opinion upon the subject, and merely relate the facts which have so come under our notice, leaving the public to draw their own conclusions. We do not give credence to all the marvellous stories current about this local apparition ; but it i6 beyond dispute that any number of residents have seen something mysterious, and we have been at some pains to glean the following details. One evening last week a very old resi dent at Windowie observed a female in white on the flat near his dwelling, and remarked ' Mrs. R. is late putting up her ducks ' — Mrs. R. being a neighbour of his, anil the only female, besides those of his own family, likely to be there at that time of nigbt ; but on subsequent inquiry at Mrs. R.'s place it was found that she had not left the bouse all that evening. This incident occasioned but little comment until the following occurred : — Late on tbe night of Thursday, the 12th instant, the road party at work on the Windowie contract had retired to their nut, and one of their number, Mr. A., was in the act of bathing his feet, when his attention was attracted by a slight noise outside. He called to C., one of his mates, to ran out to the dray and see if some one was not stealing the harness. C. went outside, but quickly returned, pallid of aspect, aud with beads of sweat upon his brow, saying, ' It's a ghost !' The third occupant of the hut, having no desire to inter view the nocturnal visitor, drew the blanket over his head ' and remained where he was; but A., who has pluck enough to face a legion of hobgoblins, rushed outside and beheld, sure enough, standing near the dray, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with extended arms draped in white. 'Ah,' exclaimed A., 'I guess you want one of my liorse-collnrs ; just wait a second, and I'll give you a striking proof of my liberality.' So say ing, A. sang out to bis mate to hand him a long handled hammer, and armed with this weapon rushed upon the enemy ; but the blow fell harmless, for the ghostly visitor vanished at once. Owing to the darkness of the night and the ground around covered with thistles, A., who was barefooted, considered pursuit of the ghost unadvisable, else we might have heard the last of this Windowie woman in white. Since writing the above, we have heard that another of the ghostly fraternity has been playing high pranks in another part of our district. In one instance, we understand, a marriage had been arranged, and every thing went smoothly till the eve before the wedding, when a ghost appeared upon the scene, and we suppose from what followed forbid the banns, as the bride elect, in conse quence of revelations made to her by the supernatural visitor, has determined to forego matrimony for the present.' Forged Notes. — The Argus of the 28th ultimo advises tradesmen to be cautious what notes they change, as it appears there are a number of forged £5 notes of the Bank of New South Wales in circulation. A Chinaman named Moc Shing went into the London Chartered Bank yesterday with 25 £5-notos and one pound notes and silver amounting to £114, for which' he required gold. One of the £5 notes having a suspicious look, a message was sent over to the Bank of New South Wales, and Mr. Sewell, the receiving teller of that bank, went across to the London Chartered Bank. As seoh as he was shown (be note, he pronounced it a forgery. He also stated that there were several forged notes of the same number and ' date in circulation. The forgery is so good that a short time since he cashed one himself in mistake for a genuine note. The Chinaman was given into the custody of Detective Edelsten, and when at the watch house lie stated that he gave a countryman of his named Ah Wy five single notes for the £5 note, about three months ago. An 'Wy was applied to, bntho stated that the only time the prisoner changed a £5-note for him was about ten months since, and that the note in question was not at all like the one he changed at that time. Attempt to Upset a Railway Train. — One of the most fiendish attempts at throwing a bain off the line lately occurred (states the Ovens and Murray Advertiser ) near the Tairawingee station, on the first section of the Beechworth branch line, abd but for its being accidentally discovered in time, it must have resulted in a terrible loss of life and property. On the evening in question, Mr. Yates, one of the managers for Messrs. Over em!, Brothers, was walking up the line in the direction of Everton, and when about 100 yardB from thet T arrawingeC crossing he came upon a large number of stones placed upon the rails at intervals of from 4 to 5 yards, the stones being as large aB a man's two fists. A little farther ©n there was the forked limb of a tree, 8 feet long, and about the thickness of a man's arm, laid across the roadway. A few yards beyond this there was a piece of timber lo inches long by 9 inches square, which was placed upon one of the rails. Beyond this again there was a portion of fencing, and farther on a piece of sawn timber 10 feet long and 4 inches in thickness, and half a sleeper 4 feet 6 inches by 4$ inches, which was propped up by a board which acted as a stay. This ob struction, the most dangerous of all, was placed close to the ? bridge over the Yellow Creek, where there is a fall of about 16 feet. Mr. Yates at once reported the matter to Mr. R. Wright, who was in charge of the Tarrawingee station, and the two then proceeded to the police camp and gave infor mation to constable Boulton. Two boys, one twelve and the other ten years old, and a man named Woodburn have since been arrested for the offence and remanded for eight days. The boys say that Woodburn induced them to assist him to place the obstructions on the line, and that he (Wood bum) told them to wait till the train came up, and they would see a fine smash. A Villainous Outrage. — The Ballarat cor respondent of the Argus records the following most cowardly outrage, which may possibly result in murder. From what has been communicated, it would seem that on the 23rd ultimo, a Mrs. A. Hart, who keeps a store in Armstrong-street, Soldiers' -bill, bearing some one walking about lier house, went to the door to inquire what was wanted, when she was immediately felled to the ground by a blow from what she believes was a hammer-headed whip handle, which struck her on the forehead. The cowardly assailant appeal's to have had no other object in view but revenge — although Mrs. Hart cannot conceive why any one should cherish such a spirit against her — as the moment he struck her he ran off, and she cannot identify him. Some of the neighbours attended to Mrs. Hart's require ments, but erysipelas lias set in, and her condition is said to be rather precarious. The police are engaged frying to dis cover the perpetrator of the outrage. The Joachim Case. — The Albury Banner pays ; — Subscribers to the Joachim defence fund may per haps be interested in the following extract from a letter addressed a few weeks since by Mr. J oachiin to a friend in Aiburv ' I am reduced to poverty, and am not earning a singlc'fraction, with a family of twelve children. I have been in this condition now for two years, and I leave you to judge what a state I am in, or what prospects I can look forward to.' Hocussing. — A case of alleged ' hocussing came under tlip notice of the City Bench, Melbourne, on the 26ib ultimo (says the Argus). Alice Ballard, alias Burnett and Elizabeth Ah Kav, were charged with stealing £26 from Stephen Mitchel,' a labourer, living in Polytechnic lane. Evidence was given that on the 18th instant Mit chel sold a horse and dray for £28 10s., and on the follow ing day, after having imbibed a good deal of rum, went into the house of the pjisoner 33.illa.rd, nest door to his own house. Both prisoners were there. He ordered in some beer, and, after drinking it, became insensible. - ext dav be found himself in his own house minus £26 odd, winch he bad in bis pocket when he went into Ballard's house, j Alice Costello, a widow, living with Mitchel since the 19th , instant and for two days before that working in BaUard s ; hoiiBC, said that she saw a roll of hotes drop out of Mit- j chel's aocket. Elizabeth Ah Kay picked up the notes, and ; hid them behind her back. Mrs. Ballard put some white j powder in a glass, poured beer on the top of it, and handed the glass to Mitchel, who a minute or two after drinking the beer, staggered about and became insensible. The wo man Ballard afterwards said to the witness, ' Alice, if you sav anything of what you saw, and I get ? pinched, I will knife you when I come out.' By 'pinched she meant , wjeetefl. The prisoners were committed for trial, Melbourne Grammar School. — From tire- I ..Dy/w of the 27th August it appears that the Church of England Grammar School was on the preceding day visited fl and inspected by the Bishop of Bafiarat 'The Bishop fl arrived shortly before noon, accompanied by the Very Rev. fl the Dean of Melbourne and Mrs. Thornton. He was con- fl ducted by the head-master, Mr. Morris, to the large ball, fl where the boys had been assembled to receive him. When fl the prolonged and enthusiastic cheers which greeted his- fl entry had subsided, the Bishop said that, among the fl numerous institutions of the colony with which he hoped fl in due time to be familiar, there was none which possessed I a greater interest for him than the Grammar fl School of the Church of England. He had fl been very curious to see .what such an off-shoot- B from the traditions of the old country would be like, and he B was glad to find that it differed from the great English fl ' public schools ' in nothing- hut its name. In one point. fl he discovered a great resemblance to an English public fl school, and that was in the enthusiastic welcome the boys fl always accorded to a bishop, and he therefore felt bound to' fl follow the invariable custom of English bishops when they fl visited public schools, by asking the head-master to grant a fl holiday. Mr. Morris readily assented, and after three I cheers had been given lor the Bishop and Mrs. Thornton,. I the boys were dismissed. The Bishop spent some time,. H afterwards, in inspecting the various classrooms, dormitories, fl and other buildings. fl Frightful Fatal Accident. — An accident fl of a peculiarly painful nature (says the Southern fl Argus), ending fatally, occurred at Mr. C. Gillespie's- fl leather and tanning manufactory, Goulburn, on Satur fl day last. A young man named William Shcahan,. fl aged between 27 and 30 years, was employed feeding the fl bark- crushing machine with bark, when unfortunately a fl glove he was wearing to protect his hand from the rough- fl ness of the bark got caught in the cogs of the wheels of the- fl machine, which is worked by a belt from the steam-engine ;; fl his aim was drawn in atj.d mangled in a terrible manner- fl As soon as the young man shouted on perceiving his danger, fl several of his fellow- workmen at work in other parts of the- fl premises ran to him, and the power turning the bark-mill fl was drawn aside, stopping the machine; but the man's arm fl was so entangled in the cogs, and it being impossible to' 9 turn back the mill, those present were for a moment loBt in. fl fear as to how they could extricate him from his frightful: fl position. The young man, however, asked for a knife,. I which was given him,' and with his remaining hand fl he ? cut away the snjashed-up flesh that held him. fl bound to the machine, and thus freed himself. His arm fl had been completely crushed into a pulp. Those near by fl had him at once placed in a cart and brought into the- ? Goulburn hospital, where, after a short time, he was at- I tended by Dr. Davidson and Dr. Hay ley. It was decided I by them that amputation of the remaining portion of the- fl arm to the shoulder socket was necessary. This was nc- fl cordingly done, but the shock to the system occasioned by ? the accident was so severe that the sufferer did not rally,, ? and died shortly afterwards. 'What renders ? the accident ? more distressing is the fact that a little over a fortnight . ? ago the young man William Sheahan's mother died and ? was buiied, and ho and his younger sister, who were poor,. I were left to fight the battle of life. I The New Hebrides. — A correspondent of the- I Herald writes : — ' For some time past the mission vessel! I Dayspring has been calling here some three or four times a I year, and it has always been the custom at such time, if it 1 happened about the' Sabbath, and there were any of the- I ministers on board, to hold religious service on board the- 1 vessel, when an invitation has always been sent to the- 1 shore or to any ships lying in the harbour, and at such I times the small cabin of the vessel is pretty well crowded,. 1 which, in this part of the world, where it is so very hot,. I used to make it not all very comfortable. Last year, I when the Rev. Dr. Steel paid a visit to this part of the- 1 world in connection with the mission, it was talked over 1 between himself and some of the European residents of I this place, and finally arranged to have a church built oa | shore for the purpose of holding religious service every 1 Sabbath, the Rev. D. Macdonald having kindly offered his. I services on Sabbaths. This building was completed during I the month of J une last, and was opened on Sunday, J une 20.. I by the Rev. D. Macdonald, there being present on the occa- I si'on nolessthantwenty- fiveEuropeansbesidessomenatives- I On the 29th July the 'Dayspring again arrived in this har- I hour from the north, and it had been arranged that a I church tea meeting should be held as soon as possible after I her arrival. Mrs. Hebblewhite and Mrs. Glisscn, two- I ladies that deserve great praise for the manner in which 1 everything had been arranged and provided by them, being I all ready, it was decided on to have the tea the following I day at half -past 4. - The steward from the Dayspring was I very busy during the early part of the day, taking his I share of the viands on shore, arranging the tables, &c.;, and I about 4 p.m. Mrs. Macdonald added another supply to the I dainties. Everything being ready, the bell was rung I and people took their placeB, 'there being twenty-eight I white persons present, amongst whom was Lieutenat Moyan,. I of H.M. Ship Alacrity, and some of his petty officers. The 1 Rev. J. Inglis having asked a blessing, every person com- I nienced to do justice to the dainties spread before them. j I've been present at a few tea- meetings in the Australian I colonies, and can safely say that I never saw one yet to j equal tins ; the only thing wanted was a few more of the I fair sex, to make it quite a success. The feeding part of j the business being completed, the usual thauks after was- I sung, 15. Hebblewhite accompanying on the harmonium. I The tables being cleared, we again assembled, and it was- I unanimously agreed for the Rev. J. Inglis do take the I chair, after which several hymns were sung and seyeral j speeches were made in connection with the church, and a vote of thanks given to Mr. B. B. Hebblewhite on behalf 1 of himself and Messrs. Scott, Henderson, and Co., of Sydney, for the grant of a piece of ground given for this eliurcli. A vote of thanks was also given to Mr. William Hebblewhite for having given his time and labour in the erection of the building. A vote of thcuiks was also given to the ladies present for the manner in ifrhich they had arranged even-thing to the satisfaction of every one present, Gn the whole', as happy an evening was spent by all, and enjoyed quite as much, a6 if it had. been in any one of the I qolonies. It is the first time that ever anything of the- J sort has taken place in this part of the world, but it is to be hoped that it will not be the last.' New Caledonia. — We have received files o£ the Moniteur de la Kouvelle Calcdonie up to the 18th of August. They do not contain much that would be of in terest to our readers. The latest dates previously to hand intimated that New Caledonia, like France itself, has suffered considerably from the effects of inundations, the consequence of heavy rains and overflowing rivers. The downfall of rain wns'heralded by a gale of wind. Roads,, bridges, telegraphic lines, and water courses have all suffered. There are several communications in the Moniteur of the 11th ultimo on the subject of these floods. From these it appears that the condamnes have been set to work Jo repair toe means of communication. On ? the 16th of August the ladies of Noumea gave a vocal and instru mental concert, under the patronage of the Governor, and for the benefit of those who had suffered by the inunda tions in the South of France. The concert appears to have been very successful, and was honoured by au audience of some 500 persons. In closing his account of the affair, the Ne4 Caledonian reporter says that the people of the colony had followed, according to the measure of their resources, the generous example set them by Australia. Press Telegrams. — The Argus of the 27th ultimo says : — Some of our country contemporaries seem at a loss how 'to deal with the special telegram of European news which is now received by the Aigus on the arrival of the mail- steainer at Glenelg. In reply to private letters on the ? subject, we desire to state that our friends in the country are welcome to copy all or as much of our special telegrams as they think proper. We claim, of course, that the recent 'decision of Mr. J us rice Molesworth gives us copyright in the special telegrams from Adelaide as well as in the tele grams of the Australian Associated Press, but, as regards i cproduetion in the country press, we make a distinction between them. We are compelled to protect the telegrams of the Associated Press in the interests of the proprietors ot those journals who pay for the right of publishing them, but as regards our special telegramB we are content with the priority of publication, and shaU be glad to see our country contemporaries make use of them. All we ask for is an acknowledgment of the source from which they arc derived. 