THE IAD VENTURES OF RENTON. The Brisbane Courier is compiling anil publishing a very complete history of the adventures of John llenton among the " savages, and furnishes the following account of a battle in which he took part" He took part with his tribe in various warlike expeditions and affrays. On one occasion . the inhabitants of a sea:snrrounded village at some distance had given his friends, some grievous offence. Their fault was declared past forgiveness, especially as it was con sidered that the gods had by the same mat ter, whatever it was, been insulted ; from which it would appear that these savages are as ready as civilised people' to discover that anyone who does anything distasteful to them at the same time certainly insults Provi dence. A sudden raid against'the offending village was consequently determined on, and just before dawn one .morning the . war canoes arrived off its margin, and glided noiselesslyly to' land ; when before a single sleeper had stirred, the whole body, with llenton among them, burst into the village like a legion of devils. The unhappy wretches thus surprised had not a ghost of a chance either to resist orto escape. Their canoes had been cut adrift and," re moved just before the assault; as fast as they rushed out of their huts they were clubbed, speared, or shot with arrows, -and in a few minutes the adult males of the village were .exterminated. One warrior, llenton remem bers, by desperate courage and singular good fortune, ran the gauntlet of a hundred blows aimed at liiin as he emerged from his hut and dashed towards the water. He gained the margin, and plunged in till he stood up to his shoulders in water, facing his pur suers, and diverting with the bow he held in his hand the arrows which were shot and the spears which were launched at his head- So desperate was his aspect, that although twenty jrarsuers had dashed in after him, he held them at defiance and stood at "bay, none daring to attack him hand to hand and face to face. At last, however, his fate came. A cunning ' warrior had unobserved swnm out, and now lsilently came behind him with spear poised ready to strike. One moment he was glaring in bold defiance of the overwhelming array he faced—the next the treacherous blow had struck him where the skull joins the neck ; lis head fell forward, hi3 nostrils gurgled a moment under water, and then his corpse floated on the sea and was triumphantly seized by two score eager hands. The slain were beheaded, and the* gory spoils collected to grace, the victors' triumphal return. As to the fate of the women and children, Ren ton was not explicit, and we did not press for particulars which he seemed reluctant to give. ..The reader -may consequently indulge his imagination as to how a number of help less females and infants were likely to be de«lt with after the destruction of their pro tectors and bread- winners—something in the Scriptural fashion, wc presume, in which the Israelites, under Divine instruction and sanction, disposed of similar embarrassments, so that in that respect missionaries .to teach these savages their. Bibles would be un necessary." -V ; • ' 