THEATRICAL NEWS. MeEBrs. Millmon and Patey, theatrical agents, favor ns with thoir usual weekly lotter from Sydney. Mr. E. D. Davios, the ventriloquist, has proved so far in advance of anything in tbo same lino, that he might perhaps be called tho first in'it thathas visited Sydney. He doeB almoBt the same business as Val Vobo, but his patter and songs aro wonderful; Tho Melhourno publio will look out esgerally for Mr. D ivies. The Hibernica, from America, is doing a fair business, and has presented a change of programme. The Girards, Bussol and Julian have left by tho s,8. Easby, for Auckland, en routo to California. Emile Girard follows by tho mail steamer, taking with him MeBBra. Buckley, Holly, and N. La Feu- illado. A costume oriokot matoh in aid of tho Windsor Flro sufferers and Con. Wardo's widow, came off on Saturday, and but for the inclemency of tho woathor, would havo been a groat success. Nevertheless Mr James Booty, as boo. boo., has been ablo to forward to the ArguB £57 10s, as one half the gross receipts of the cricket match . It is humbly suggested in Sydney that tho same amount subscribed in Melbourne would place Mrs Wardo beyond tho reach of want for some time. We havo received one of tho cards of tho enstumo cricket match, and fiud thnt tho following characters woro down among others Lord Dundreary, Mr. B. N. Jones ; Duke Arauza, Mr. Fred Button ; Diaboiiqnea. tho Brothers Girard ; Ghost of Hamlet's Father, Mr. J. H. Rain- 1 ford ; C lipid, Mr. E. Holloway ; Ephraim Fox, the Quaker, Mr. Barry O'Noil ; Paul Pry, Mr. L. M'Gowan ; Blooming Morning Glories, Buokioy and Holly ; The Wolf, Mr. W, Ityan; Clown, Mr. Flexmorn ; Panta loon, Mr. Toiano ; Member of Hallelujah Band, Mr. F. Lloyd; Bacchus, Mr. F. Balfield j Tho Old Member, Mr. W. Dind ; Claude Melnotto, Mr. Q. N. Douglas ; The Man Fish, by HimBelf ; Dr. Pnugloss, Mr. W. Hopkins ; Wizard Oil Prinoo, Frank Weston. Wo doubt, iiunuvor, WXlQtllcr all 6OG8B OAluO Oils. Among the latest Californian items is the San Franoisco programme for the Bella Union Theatre, Tho performers inolude Lizzie Watson and Harry Brabaru. They cannot havo done very badly, since it is announood as their seventeenth week. It is to bo regretted that maliolous and un true statements about thoir reception, should have found their way to Mel bourne, An advertisement in the Pro gramme opens our eyoa truly. Here it Is : "Qaoen'a Thentro, Sydney, and Prinoese' Thoatro, Melbourne. M. Hegarty, Lessoo and Manager." Billy Emeraou has a new company of m nstrels at Magulre's Opera ileum. Cuianui is advertised to anpear Bhortly in San Francisco with his magnificent' Btnd of horses, which have travelled round the world, and with a re-organisod company, 