ihcajornuiallajluionidj; THE LAUKCESTON TlhES. Monday, August 23bd, 1875. The ' Customs Amendment Act No. 2' is now before the House of Assembly in tbc form of a new bill . Tho legisla tion of Tasmania is discunirc CDOngli in all conscience, and the sooner steps arc taken to consolidate our statutes tbe better. Were a digest of the lavs prepared by skillful hands, il might be possible to add to it from time to time in such a vraf as to bring the results of legislation into a given focus, so that the law as it stands upon any subject would be plain to any one of ordinary intelligence. Tbe proposed new Cus toms Act will probably be increased in its dimensions considerably before leav ing committee, as there are several matters lo be dealt with besides tfaose included in the bill. These are compara tively trifling. Clause 1 proposes to make the word ' transhipment include land carriage between one port and another. Clause 2 is penal, and enacts a penalty of one hundred pounds against any person wilfully evadiug or disobeying rules made in pursuance of the Customs AcU. Clause 8 prohibits tbe importation of medals or tokens re sembling Qacen'ecoin after 1st January, 187C, so that those who seek this style of advertising had better look sharp. Clause 4 amends the interpretation clauses of former acts in many particu lars. Recent Police Court cases have called for more explicit definitions of certain terms, especially in regard to the import of oilmen's stores and stationery. These are now supplied. We see no objection to tho bill aa proposed, but it is possible other important amendments of the existing law will be made while the opportunity offers. A letteb was addressed to the Colonial Secretary on the 10th instant, calling attention to the meetings convened to consider the proposed new Scab Act, and pointing out that the interval between tho dates of meeting and the second read ing of the bill would not afford sufficient time for the preparation of petitions, and requesting that tho second reading be postponed for a week or ten days, to allow an expression of publie opinion. The letter was signed by about forty gentlemen, and the Ccloniil Secretary replied on 20th instant, informing the signatories that he had 'placed the letter in the hands of the hon Ur Whyte, who informed him he was aware that several hon members of the Legislative Council had arranged to be present in the Council on Tuesday next, the day fixed bv order of the Council for the second reading of the bill, and under these circumstances lie felt it would be his duty U- move the second reading of the bill on that day, leaving the Council to deal with the bill as they might thins: proper.' The ColoDial Secretary adds that in hil opinion ' there will be plenty of time for public opinion to make itself kuoirn before the bill pastes,' and he 'feels assured that the public interests will be duly cared for in dealing with this important subject by mcmberi oi both branches of the Legislature.' We have not the slightest doubt of this, but still it is necessary that public' opinion should be freely expressed in regard to such a measure. Those who feel interested should therefore bestir themselves, and take caro that their opinions are made known at least before the bill reaches the House of Assembly. A digest of the bill appears in the Chronichs of Oil] inst. Bill No 21 of tho present session is a bill ' to further amend the Licensing Act,' and tho preamble sets forth that it is desirable to make better provision for the granting ol justices' certificates for the issue of public- house licenses in the city of Hobart Town and the town of Latin, coitod. Under the lav as it notr stands the granting of licenses has been in the hands of the full Magisterial Bench, and numerous objections have arisen, The new bill provides Tor the appointment of A Licensing Bench for the city of Hobart Town and the town of Liunceston, each Senoh to consist of seven justices resident in the district, the Mayor and Police Magistrate to be two mem ben of suiih Bench, the remaining re (o '' elected by the Court of General Quarter Sessions of tho Peace Those Licensing Benches aro to bo olectcd annually, provision being made for filling vacanoies occasioned by death or resig nation. Clause, 6 is an important one, and provides that ' no porson being a maltster, brewer, or distiller, or importer of linuor tor sale, or dealer lu liiiuor, or bciug in partnership with any such per son, or directly or iudireclly bencti cially interested as owner, trustee, manager, or agent in any houso liccused or about lo be licensed aa a public house shall bo elected a member of a L:cen-ini; Bench, or if elected shall ing of such BetiL'h.' Parties intcuding lo oppose tbe grtiuting of licenses arc required to give seven dear days' uolice of the grounds of opposition prior to the appeals ore to bo done away with excepting upon points of law. There arc a number of minor clauses, but those referred to aro the most important. We bolievc the bill embodies a considerable improvement on the present system, and no doubt it vi ill psss. Tilt Kmm.imi Mail,.— The K.M.S.S. Gol conda with the July mails from England, was sighle.l olT Glcnclc at o a.m. on Friday. She readied llobsou's Day yesterday after noon, ami the s.s. Tamav with the Tnsinnnian portion nf the mail*, paused (juceuselilTnl 4..1U p.m., i-he Mill probably arl'ivc ut Lhe wharf about ;t |i.tn. tu-day. 1'aiai. Acciui:-t.— A bad and fatal acci dent occurred lo u man named William Shcppard about noon on Saturday. It appuura he was building a shed al. Messrs Gardner and M'Kenzic's tannery, Welliiulon street, and u young man named James Scott was working with him. They were on a beam about 10 feet from tbe ground, and when engaged in biting a piece of timber, the beam tuuy were on gave way. precipi tating both lo the ground. Sucppard fell on his bead at the side of a pit, and some limber fell upou him. Scott only sustained a few bruises. Tile workmen engaged on the pre mises immediately ran to their assistance. Sucppard was picked up quite insensible, and bis bead had a large cut ou it. lie was con veyed to tbe hospital, and ever; attention was paid to him, but he never rallied, and died at eight o'clock yesterday morning. Dccoascd leaves a wife and five children totally unprovided for. An inquest will be held at the hospital at 2 p.m. to-day. The IlismiTii fuom Mocnt Haiiiiv — We ore informed that a trial of bismuth ore from Mount llamsay was recently mado in Melbourne, when it was found to coulain seven per cent of pure metallic bismuth. AaatiminiT thp nre to bp iirm'iimhlp in quaulity, this would give most handsome expensive aud the process very 'rapid. We believe the ore could be smelted with one furnace, and witb wood fuel at the rale of from 2iK) to 30U tons per week, but we shall be in a position to give further particulars on this subject shortly. Meanwhile there can be no doubt Lbc discovery is a very vdlu uiTioN.— A meeting of tlic Northern Com missioners was held at tbc Towu Hall on Friday afternoon. 1'reseut— Messrs A. llarrap, J. Murphy, K. I.. Dilchaui, aud the secretary (Mr C. W. Kocher). A letter was read from Mr T. C. Just to the Southern Commlsiioners offering copies of lbc Com wall Chronicle, August 11th, at JC20 per 1000. Tbe letter had been referred to the Northern Commissioners, aud It was decided that S50 copies should be purchased. Tbc letter from Mr II. M. Hull, to tbc Municipal Council re obtaining statistical information, photo graphs, &c;, was again brought forward, and alter some discussion it was decided to Bpend £10 in procuring photographs, and views of Northern Tasmauia. Mr llarrap stated tbat lie was afraid he would uot be able to go over to the Melbourne Exhibition until the bcgiunlng of next mouth. In case of Mr llarrap not being able to attend tbo Melbourne Exhibition on behalf of tbe Northern Commissioners, Mr. E. L. Ditcham was elected in bis stead. That was all the business transacted. Inteucolovui. Puiogiuno Match. — Tenders arc invited for a committee buotb, publican's booth, aud confectioner's booth, at uisiiorisuuurnc on vt cuuesoay, lain ocpicm ber, and at Hagley on the 17th September ; alsofortiickupiilvof a cold dinner in the Public Library, Wotbury, on Friday, I7tb September. Tenders will be received by tbc sccrelary, Mr Geo. W. Dodcrj, at Carrick, up to Tuesdav, 31st inst. 'Joiik riiB UtiTisT.'— At Prince's Square Congregational Cburch last evening, the Her \V. Law entered upon an analysis and review of Dr Reynold's recent work on 'John the Baptist.' Tbc rev gentleman summarised the life and mission of John upou earth, and delivered a very interesting address wbich was listened to with great attention by tbc congregation. During tbc service Mr Ijuw staled lbal lbc usual monthly collection in aid of tbc orgau fund would be made next Sunday. AcnTOrATiiv.— We acknowledge the re ceipt of a pamphlet under the above title, on tbc spinal system of treatment of disease by the application of acetic acid. This system claims lo be peculiarly efficacious in cases of fever, or in all acute and chronic diseases. The system Is thus described by tbe CMsea Times of lOlh May, 1873 :— 'Hut ill what, will be asked, is this new system preferable to other systems already known ? Tbc answer Is tuat It Is an external mode of cure, and therefore tbc physic that has in the past been taken inLernally, may now be tbrown to the dogs, cats, 'or bats, or any other creatures who wish to take them.' NoBTiiiMiN Hunt Clou.— From an adver tisement In another column it will be seen that a meeting Is lo be bold at the Blenheim Hotel, Longford, on 21st September, for the purpose of establishing a Northern Hunt Club. The gentleman who has the matter In hand is Mr \V. D. Landalc, and be has a subscription list already numbering many leading names amongst our northern colo nists, and aggregating a considerable sum. The idea is lo establish a club to bunt over the ground intervening between Dcloralne and Avoca, and tbe season will commence about March next. No doubt the object of tbe meeting will attract a large number of sportsmen. Janal*schkk. — Our sub-marine cable tele gram in another column to-day announces the arrival ill Sydney from California of Madame Janauscbek, tbc celebrated trage dienne, of whom an American critic, kavh: — In the opinion of many excellent judges, Janauscbek is a greater aclrcas than ltislori, biilti as to gcoius and sly]e. Stic Ik pro uouuceil a born tragedienne, with the great advantage of having been Irained in the best dramatic school, and has tbc intuitive per ceptions of a great artist, so thai Bile is never bound down by mechanical rules, which are inseparable from slagyuess. Her great character Is Deborah, which has been adjudged one of tbe greatest dramatic triumphs of modern times. Madam Jan. auacuok aUo sustains lbc roles of Lsidy Macbeth and Queen Katherinc in ' Henry VIII,' while herrepcrtoire will also embrace ?? Mary Stuart,' ?? Earl of Es-cx,' ' Cbesncy Wold,' ?' Meiiea,' and ?? Come Here.' These are all powerful plays, and will present such a continuous dramatic treat as to satisfy the most exacting patrons of the theatre. A CoriisiNo Ci.on — By an advertisement in another column it will bo seen that steps arc about being taken to form a coursing club. If this can be successfully manairci il will no doubt be of public advantage, and trill certainly be satisfactory to the many owners of good dogs iu Northern Tasmania. We, therefore, hope to be able lo state that a good attendance was the result of tbc advertisement, and tbat the dab has been successfully established. Thk LosoniKD Sen Mektho and Mb Biuvi.ct.— The wording of our report of tbc remarks made by Mr J. D Toosey at inv jjungiuiu diuw iuci;i(i,|g ,iii tveuueaoa last, is. we are Informed, calculated to convey a wrong impression. Mr Tooscy did not take exception to tbc language made use of by Mr Hartley, but to certain expressions lu the petition. Conceut.— By reference to our adver tising columns it will be i«i that the members of the Launceston Uuslcal Union arc to give auolbcr subscription concert on Tuesday the .list instant, at tbe Mechanics' Institute. The first part will consist of nine of the best selection! from the Messiah, ind no doubt the additional practice the ncmbcrs have had since tlie last concert win ajnauie them to rentier tne cnoruses efficiently. In tbc second part thwe will be selections from some of tho operas, and we nnderstand Ml«s Slier win is to Tender a new song. Tbc charges for admission arc small enough to Induce all who wtib to aiulst the society putting In an appearance. Tbe secretary Jias asked m to remind lbc mem bers to be puuetua in their attendance at raotlce. Tasmania* I'odltiiv Socmrv.— In last l»suc we gave a short notice of tbc above society's show ; we now give tlie list of prizes obtained by Launceston exhibitors. On Wcdnesduy evening a dinner was held in Curric's Hotel, several toasts were given, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The sbow was continued ou Thursday, aud at tracted a large number of visitors. Special I'rlzes— A Cup, value £) 4s, for tbc best pen colored Dorkings, cockerel aud two pul its, C. A. II. Williamson, commended ; £2 ?It for the best pen Cochins, any variety, cockerel and two pullets, It. I1. Dix (wbltc)s X2 2s for best pair dark llrabmas, F. W. lirubb. Swevii»t..ke«-I)ark Brahma, It. llennell ; 1'urtridgc Cochin sweepstake. T. H. Prosscr. General Prizes — Brabmas, dark pencilled, young birds, F. \V. Grubb, first prize i Urahmus, yuung birds, Tbos Hogg, first prize ; Cochins, white, young birds, II. P. Dix, erst prize ; Polish, black with white crests, T II Prosser, (lr»l prize , Canaries, yt-llow or juuque, young, A. Cooke, Ant commended ; variegated or licked, young, A. Cooke, commended. Dairy Produce— For tbc best colonial bain, .1. llolllnglou, first prize ; for luc best nidc colonial uncoil, John Joyce, first prize, and commended ; for best sample lard, John Joyce, third prise j for best collection of trussed poultry, consisting of a goose and pair of ducks, John Holling ton, 6rst prize ; for best collection of trussed poultry, consisting of turkey and pair of IowIb, John llolliugton, first prize ; fur best collection trussed poultry, consisting of a turkey, goose, pair of fowls, and pair of ducks, John Hollington, first prize. Seeds— For lhe best 201b of buckwheat grown in the colony, C. A. H. Williamson. EAnTHQUAKKS IN SOUTH AuElllCA.— It destructive earthquakes arc again occurring iu South America. We extract from a San Francisco paper on account of a terrible eruption iu New Granada, and our tele graphic news tins morning tells of an earth quake having kiilcd eight thousand persons at Cucuta. Mb Cami'ion— We arc glad to hear that Mr II. W. Campion, who has been confined to bis bed during tbe lost fortnight, is pro gressing most favorably towards recovery. I is expected tbat in a few days he will have so f&r; recovered us to be ublc Lo re sume bis professional duties. Tiir Bunch and the Prkbb.— Mr J. W. Qurnctt, J.I1., aad a reporter of the Cattle maine Iteprescntatit'e, have bad a personal encounter iu the strctiU, and Mr M'tiregor, of the Cumberland Hotel, who interfered, received a bad blow iu the face. Au action far libel b/ Mr Burnett Against the Bepre tentative has been commenced already, aud the paper now Intimates that It will com mence proceedings against tbc J. P. In the meantime Mr Grant's attention is called to tbe fracas and its surroundings. An Admires of O'Connei.l.-A very good story is told at the Corner, says tbo Ilallarat Courier, which nearly concerns a well known habitue of that place. Being possessed with a poetic spirit, he essayed an ode to O'Connell, the great national liberator. Ileforc sending it to the U'Conuell Centen ary Committee, in the exuberance of bis joy he submitted it for criticism to a well known broker, prone to be jocular, aud occasionally eveu witty. Our broking friend was reading aloud with Imperturable gravity, what be at once saw was mere dopgrcl, when he was Interrupted by tbc would-be poet wllb the question, ' Don't you think there's a lot of fire in that ?' Tbc answer was a ready one — ' There Is, but it has not got half enough. I'd advise you to shove it In tlie fire alto gether.' The crestfallen poet soon disap peared, manuscript and all, and it is doubtful whether tbe latter ever got the length of the committee. F.xrour or Plbk Sheep.— By the as. Dcrwcut, wbich leaves this morning for Melbourne, Mr W. Dodcry, of Longford, sends SO pure Leicester rams, and (0 pure Leicester ewes. They will bcsoldal Mel bourne and their value Is set down at jCGOO. MrG. Taylor also sends 55 pun Merino rams by the same vesBcl . Madakk IIistobi— From the tone of notices in the Sydney papers It would seem that Madame Uistori has not been such a success in the sister colons* as many would like to believe. The S. M. Herald of August 2nd nays :— ' On Saturday evening Madame Adelaide Uistori reappeared as 'Elizabeth, Queen of England,' and Ibis time to a really large audience, tbc stalls being extremely well filled, and the dress circle tolerably so. Tbc piece went with much success, and the impersonation is undoubtedly In all Its phases one of tbc most finished and artistic Lhat baa ever been aasumed. It Is no slight to be bo terribly rcalisiic as almost to inspire a feeling of pain, yet such is the case with Madam Ritlori's dying scene as Queen Klizabcth. There is something appalling in the vividness with which she depicts the last agonies of the majestic sovereign, who, having witnessed tbc accomplishment of every dn-am of ambition, sees all her glory fading from her in the approach of the inexorable angel of Death. It is 'not in mortals to command success,' but Madame Kistori and bcrcompany deserve it; neither is the waul of attendance hitherto experienced iu any way to be attributed to tbc lady's indefatigable agent, Mr Uushby, who has done all in his power lo ensure a Tne Adsthalian Spelling Bee— On Monday last Mr Hlngnlon had the courage to come forward at lbc Assembly Hall, St hJlaa, ana delivered a Humorous address on tbc institution of the ' spelling bee,' cxtnll pbonetic style of Knglihli spelling, but as a powerful Instrument in promoting tbe close study of our peculiar orthography. He invited those who wislicd to take part in the contest to come forward. A good number of gentlemen, of all ages, Immediately stepped on to the platform, but tbe lad'es at first hung back, though a detachment of sufficient strength was shortly got together. Mr John Wilks, mayor of Kt Hilda, presided, the referees being Messrs St J. Pinnock and Dr Robertson. Tbe ladies and gentlemen having botti drawn up in two lines, facing each other defiantly, Messrs Illngston and Glllcspfe proceeded to question competitors, the sterner sex being favored first. The plau pursued was to question each ' bee' in succession, Ibosc failing lo apetl a word without hesitation being politely told by the questioner tbat they 'might take a scat,' or 'rest their weary Ifruba,' terms synonymous to expulsion from the circle, Tbc first un. fortunate male was be who placed a ' t' after 'alien,' and a gentleman wbn labored under the hallucination thai ?? gollisbca' sufficiently expressed tbe articles which arc worn over boots on wet days followed him. The 'physognimy' of a third spel'er darkened soon, and an elderly ortliograpbist mode an 'atricious' attempt at spelling. ' Cbaos,' ' chasm,' and ' abysB' then were announced by lhe torturers, who bad evi dently been studying ' Paradise Lost,' and the Lone of subsequent questions, such as ' differentiate,' etc, suggested Tyndall. The gentlemen began to fall [am, while the ladies were glib in their answers, and in a short time tbe last man but one was killed after ate 1 latino; between two ' I's' and one in ' oscil late' for a considerable period. The ladici. n iiu tiuiuuvn-u uuuui bi&, men goi a feejries of perplexing queries, but they showed more caution than their deceased brethren, and beaming ryes were turned towards tbe celling as though the aid of the gods were sjught undcrsucbdifflcullicsas' plagiarist,' and ?' prescient.' ' Hhythin,' however, re duced tlie number of ladies to three Another gracefully retired after Leiiif relieved of the delusion that ' Utopian' began with nn ' e.' ' Tocsin' was phoneti cally invested with an 'x' by a competitor who liad borne tbc beat of the battle bravely. and the last lady, MisB llradncy, was left to do battle with Mr T. A. Thompson, of Col lingwood State school, against whom were hurled tbc collossi of the dicliouarv ' Phlegm,' ' celllla,' ' eleemosynary;' ' aggrandise,' and ' abridgment' were tin availingly put, but Miss B. at last spelt 'abysmal' with two ' s',M and gave up tbc ghost, taking second prho, tho third being awarded lo Miss M'Culloch. The excitement became Intense aa competition narrowed, cheers being awarded to tbc spellers who successfully delivered themselves of ortho graphic iiionthfuls, while signs of disappro bation were manifested on tbo superin tendents giving out technical terms. The nrirpti mllatalnii nf ' Pliamhnra* Infnrmnl^ for the people,' '* Shakspearc,' and tbe 'World of Wit and Humor,' three elegantly bound volumes. Another spelling bee will be Held in about a fortnight at St. Hilda, and judging from tbc socecss of Monday night's eutcrtalnnicnt. It ought to attract a large crowd. Female MaetvbsIo kidney and urinary complaints are very numerous. The delicate organs of I bu gentler sexrendors it Tar more ?usceptiblo to hurtful in fluences than tbe Hardier mile system. For lhe various ailmenta pennUar to women, as mil , a* for the hs/iteria, pains in the back and loins, and nervous debility to which the/ give rise, Udolpho Woife's BcEiBDiu Aboxatjc BcBBim is a potent and pleasant remedy,— [Adtt.] 