MISS FITCfl. (concluded). The laurels were in bloom a second time when Miss Fitch and her nursling went to make a visit of some days' duration to a friend in Greenwich. Elizabeth Howell was a maiden lady like herself, but of more than twice her age. She was a 1 Friend,® and lived in the old house which had belonged to her family fer generations, waiting till the ohaoge should come whioh would restore her to all ehe loved best. Miss Fitch had many friends in the beautiful old town, and on this particular day she had gone to visit a far-away cousin, taking Carry with her. Elizabeth Howell was sitting in her rocking- chair, meditating, and perhaps dreaming a little, when she was roused by a manly footstep and a greeting from a stout, bronzed, and bearded man, whom noboay could have taken for anything but a sailor. . Well, Aunt Elizabeth, here you are, jst whflrfl T left VOU !' 1 Why, Matthew Garrison ! It is never thy s: If ! exclaimed Aunt Elizabeth, returning the greeting with equal warmth. 'Even so, aunt. But I didn't believe you . would know me. I don't see very much change ; only thee has grown old like the rest of us,' said Elizabeth, surveying bim. ' Where hast thee been all this time ?' In a great many places — mostly in South America.' ( Well ! well 1 Sit down and let me oall Hannah and get thee some supper. I am so glad to see thee again, Matthew !' ... « And so am I glad to see you, aunty — if I may oall you so, as I used to.' Sure ;Lwtiy not ? Thee was brought up to do it, though thy mother audi were not real sis era. Just let call Hannah and set her about supper, aad then I want to hear all thy adventures.' There were not many adventures to tell, after all. Captain Garrison had commanded various vessels, and latterly a fine steamer trading between Bio and L mdon. He had been married, but his wife was dead. Did she. leave thee any children P' Ooly one, and I lost her,' said Captain Gar- rison sadly. ' Poor thing ! she was very delicate, |and after her mother's death she was taken by a lady, a friend of Carmen's. They went on board a vessel bound to Para for the sake of the voyage, but the yellow fever broke out on board, and they both died. The nurse's name did not appear on the doctor's lists, and I rather suspect that when the vessel reached Para she made off with her mis tress's valuables. At any rate, I never could hear Of her again.' 1 How very sad !' said Elizabeth. 1 Thee was quite sure of the child's death, I suppose ?' Oh yes, there could be no doubt. The captain and surgeon both died, but on the surgeon's record were the names of Maria Hernandez and child. Maria Hernandez was her godmotaer, andCanren was taught to call her " Madrina," as the fashion is there.' Madrina ?' repeated Elizabeth. That is what Mary Ann Fitch's little girl calls her. Thee remembers Mary Ann, Matthew?' A little/ answered the captain, drily. 1 So she il married P To Ira Horton, I suppose ?' ' Oh dear, no 1 She has never married anyone, above all Ira,' answered Elizabeth, moreemphati- oatioally than logically. ' I was speaking of a little girl she had adopted, and who oame to her in an odd way. See, here she oomes now ; I wonder if she will know thee P — Mary Anne, here is an eld acquaintance.' Miss Fitch was perhaps jast a little pale as she met Captain Garrison, but her greeting was jn6t what it should have been— cordial and friendly, DUt UUb liUVtcicra 1U bUB Uttm, And where is the little one ?' asked Elizabeth. Oh, Eunice Fithian has taken her in to show her -some new kitlenB. Here she comes now. Come here, Carry, and shake hande with this gen tleman.' But Carry, for once, did not obey. She stood near the door, gszing at the captain with wide, frightened eves ; and glancing at, Matthew Gatri„ son both women were amazed to see him pale as ashes, looking as if he had seen a ghost in the shape of a pretty litfc'e girl. Carmen !' said be at last, in a husky voice, 'my little Carmen!' The ohild made no answer, but she sprang for ward. The captain caught her in hiB arms, and in a moment her .irais were roand his neck a»d her head buried on his breast, while be olssped her close and murmured endearments in some soft foreign tongue. ' What does this mean f said Elizabeth at last. Is this the ohild tbee thonghtdesd, Matthew ?' 'This is my child, however she oame here,' Answered the captain ; tfaere jt no doubt of that.' ' And tfre self was doubtless the nurse. But how should she have come to fonder ?' Nobody ever discovered the mystery. Probably, as Matthew Garrison surmised, she had ruu away from Para with her mistress's jewels and other valuables, and came to New York and drifted aoroas to Philadelphia, But the whole matter was shrouded in a mystery whioh was never cleared up. IV. ' Thee seems in trouble,, Matthew. Captain Garrison did indeed look both puzzled and disturbed. As Elizabeth Howell spoke he left the window where he had been standing and sat down opposite his aunt. ' Well, aunt, I am in a good deal of trouble, aud I don't see my way out at all.' Perhaps thee is looking too fer away, said 1 Elizabeth, who was given to moralising in a gentle, sententious wav. ' The first step out usually lies close at hand, if we have but the gift to see it.' I wiehyoa would show it to me, then,' Baid COO CBfJl-OIJJ) What is thy trouble ?' asked Eelizabeth, ' If I know it perhaps I may help thee.' It is about Carmen,' said Captain Garrison. You see I must go back „to Bio ; my business and my property are both there, and I have en gagements that I must keep because other people depend upon them.' ' Well,' said Elizabeth. Well, I can't leave Carmen behind me. She is all I have, anyway, and it seems as if she had been raised from the dead. But there is no one to take proper care of her ; and then, how can I separate her from Mary Anne Fitch P It will break both their hearts.' It would be a pity,' remarked Elizabeth. Mary Anne does remarkably well by the child in nil wavh : I never saw anv nhild imnrove so feet. I make no doubt that Mary Anne's care I saved her life.' ' Just so. She had a kind of right to Carmen ; I and yet, you see, there's a trouble, fix it how you will.' J Elizabeth seemed to meditate while ' she picked 1 up an obstinate stitch and knitted round to her seam. Then she laid down her work and spoke : If three could take Mary Anne along with the child now.' Yes, if I could, but that doesn't seem possible. I don't suppose she would go ss a governess or anything like that.' I was not thinking of a governess exactly,' said Elizabeth. ' Men sometimes marry a second wife, tbee knows.' The captain swore ; I am sorry to record it, but he did. He looked at Elizabeth, and said softly, By golly !' Matthew !' said Elizabeth, reprovingly. Well, aunt, I beg your pardon, but, by jingo!' said the . captain, repeating the offenoe, with a difference. I nsed to think thee liked Marv Anne nrettv well,' said Elizabeth, ignoring the second trans- I lression. ' Like her ! I never saw the woman to hold a candle to her — not a young woman ;' said the captain, with a general idea of excepting present company. If I hadn't believed that she liked Ira Horton better than she did me, I never should have left these parts as I d«d.' Tbee was in rather too great a harry,' said Aunt Elizabeth. ' Mary Anne has refused Ira more than onoe, to my certain knowledge.' \- But then there's such a difference, said Mat thew. ' Why, she's read more books than 1 ever j heard of. Then she is so ladylike and refined and j delicate, she's just like one of the tall tree-feme we have down in our parts, and I am like nothing bat a great — walrus,' concluded Captain Matthew despairingly. Elizabeth smiled. c I never saw a walrus, but thee doesn't resemble my notions of the creature.® But really, now, do you think there would be any chance ?' I am not given to quoting poetry,' said Eliza beth, ' but, Matthew, I'll repeat thee a verse I read in one of Mary Anne's books — " He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, Tnax aares not pux< il to une toucu i To gain or lose it all." ' J Matthew rose and went to the window. As he did so he heard the whistle of the City of Bridge- 1 ton on her way up the river. He turned and | seize 3 his hat. Is thee going up to Bridgeton on the boat?1 asked Elizabeth. I The captain was guilty of another slip. He turned round at the door and answered with em- 1 phaBis, 1 You bet !" j I think,' said Elizabeth to herself presently, I as ehe examined her work, I think I have taken I that stitch np pretty well, oonBidering how long it had ran.' I Ira Horton was harnessing np his old horse to go to Bridgeton. Matters had come to that pass I with the house, the obildren, and the milk, that I he felt he could do without a wife no longer. I Mary Anne was kind of put out about the j girl (thus he oommuned with him; elf), but she'll hare got over it all by this time. It stands I to reason that Garrison will take the young one I away, or allow something handsome fer her board j and ednoation. The board won't count muoh, 1 and Mary Anne can teach her and the others too, or she can go to the distriot school. I won't take less than three hundred a year, anyhow.' Ita fastened his horse before the house in Lime street, and knocked at the door, whioh was opened by Aunt Katy in high holiday attire. ' 1 Mary Anne's at home, I suppose/ said Ira in | tall OH'Uaim WUji 1 Who ?' asked Katy, afflicted with deafness. Miss Fitch — is she at home ?' asked Ira, thick: I ing at the same moment I shall soon send you adrift, old lady !' ' There ain't no such person as Miss Fitch no more/ answered Katy. What do you ipean ? She ain't dead, surely ?' Oh dear, no !' cackled Katy — quite the con trary, I do assure you. She's been and got mar ried this morning to Captain Matt Garrison, as was her beau years and years ago.' Married!' Ira drew back as if some one had boxed his ears. Married this very morning in the old ohurch j up on the hill, and went away in the two o'clock oars. They didn't have no wedding — only a few ! particular friends— or I dare say they'd have . asked you/ ebuokled Katy. They are going to journey about for a couple of weeks, and me and Carmen's going to keep hones with Elizabeth Howell till she comes back. Then Miss Fitch- Mrs. Garrison, I mean— is a-going to rent her house to the new minister j and they 're a going -Booth till the captain can eettle his business, and then they're coming baok again. nsii-yhfth Howell, she asked me tolomd toywithhw down to Greenwich, cause her Hannah's agoing I to get married too. So it all works in just right, I you see.' It was even so. The captain had solved his | problem, and Miss Fitoh was Miss Fitch no longer. — I/ippincott for October. I 