COUBSING GOSSIP. By Gumloden. Extensive indeed were the greyhound transactions of last week, and never before have Victorian fol lowers of the sport been treated to such a super abundance of public coursing. Anti-"doggy" men may pause with amazement, and outsiders wonder at the tremendous hold the pastime is making on the populace. Secretaries of clubs may be at variance, sporting Scribes may differ, and honourable M.L.A.'s may agitate on the greyhound nuisance ; but " Excelsior" is still the cry, and onward maw-has the noble recreation in spite of all that is being said or done. In four days have been held three as suc cessful meetings as could be well desired, and among them the long-to-be-remembered Lavender Water St. Leger affair. Never, perhaps, in the ot the leash was the glorious uncertainty ef thespertof coursing more, manifestly exemplified than in the latter instance. The ultimate result was quite un- looked for, the victory of Girl of the Period being a perfect (> caution," and characteristic of a tun of luck almost unprecedented. Commencing with a rare slice of good fortune whilst running her course with Deer foot, she then came in for a bye, while in the " who shall" against My Idea, the wheel ef fortune rotunded so unmistakably in her favour as to cause the most genuine surprise ot alL On paper, the claims of both Girl of the Period and My Idea were 01 so unpretentious a c&aracter; that it certainly seems singular the deciding trial should have been left between this pair. When the many incidental circumstances surrounding the competition are taken into consideration, however, so strange a termination may not be wondered at in the least. In the first place, if the V .C.C. stewards had reconnoitred the whole country in search of a more unfavourable locality whereon to run off the event, tbe are that no inferior spot could be fixed on f.ba" Robert son's paddock at Keilor road. Sorounded by a dangerous wire fence, through which it might have naturally been anticipated the hares would give their pursuers a turn, it was a matter of utter impossibility for Mr. Gardner to view the trials from beginning to end, and out of five courses that took place (ex-, elusive of a bye) three of these were being continued long after the judge had retired from stretching his neck over the fence, and pronounced his deciEion. Such a state of affairs was most unsatisfactory, both to the owners of the unsuccessful dogs and the mul titude of visitors who were attracted together in the hope of wit&essiBg; at least average sport. As an account of the Leger running appears in another column, there is not much left for me to add. Mr. Gardner judged with bis usual ability, and Mr. Whelan, taking into consideration the many dis advantages under which he laboured, dipped in good form. That the best greyhound won the Gup I beg leave to doubt. This, However, was owing to no cause of judge or slipper, but to the fact of its being tbe Girl 0 ' Sunday out and if perchance the daughter of Prefet and Patti should fail against either My Idea, Deerfeot, or D.O, at any meeting during the present season, let no one be surprised if the memorable St. Leger running is then xevesnsed. Although the Giant and Polwarth club was not favoured with the choicest of weather during the two days that were occupied in completing their twenty-six dg Puppy Stakes/on the 5th and 6th inst., the meeting on the whole was a decided success. Fewer JP0® desired for holding a coursing gathering tbau the undulating and picturesque prairies of Marathon. Wide in extent, well adapted for afford ing a good view of the sport, and containing a fairish supply of fur, this rendezvous will always be a favourite resort with coursers. Blares being strong and the ground tolerably free from stones, no better ke needed for a satisfactory public tnal. Taking the youngsters that were engaged in the stake as a lot, I foiled to find that they displayed any superiority over the puppies who made debut at either Sunbury or Laverton. Veno, the winner, however, is a dog of no ordinary calibre, and is bound to be heard ot Igain. pSringT V S turn of speed, he covers the ground in grand style, and, except that he went unaccountably wide at the first turn in his opening spin, no greyhound could have handled his game in better fashion than he did. Nothing in the stake had the ghost of a show with him, for he led and brought to grief every hare after which he was started before an opponent had timo to look about. Except that he is by Fly out of Florence, with which is nicked the Black Hawk and Boxer blood, little is known of his family credentials. This, however, should not debar him from figuring prominently, even in the Waterloo Cup, as he is un doubtedly the very best puppy I have seen out this season. Gupid, runner-up, Jupiter, Bella, Rapid, Kim.be, and Lord Raglan are promising dogs, but all more or less went down for want of condition. Blue Bell, runner-up to Sea Swell in the All-aged Stakes last month, Jessica, and Vandyke, were a trio that disappointed their admirers greatly, while Sea Surf by no means accomplished the wonderful things that were expected of him. In meeting Veno, this brother of the V.C.C. Derby hero cut a most pitiable figure, and allowed his adversary to come and go at all points. Following up the success of their first public ex hibition, the Williamstown and Wyndham Coursing Club have still further made known the extent of their resources by running off a thirty-two dog stake iu a day and a half. Capital work this, and a per formance never yet surpassed by any club throughout the colony. In point of members, country, and fur at their disposal, and quality of sport shown, the W. and _ W.C.C. plays second .fiddle to none. Their officials are men of untiring energy, and the manner in which the late meeting was brought to a termina tion would reap credit to any long- established l»lr« institution in the old country. Encouraged by the overwhelming good fortune that has attended their maiden efforts, I believe it is the intention ef the club to somewhat modify the season's programme, an All-comers Champion Stakes is hinted at, to be held after the Vfaterloo Cup. The awimala taking part in the recent Laverton Stakes were a good all-round lot, and amongst them were introduced to us many an old favourite of last season. Wallace, the winner, had a walk-over for the final in consequence of Fusel Oil expiring shortly after her course with Brilliant. Mr. Hornby's game little bitch ran wonderfully well for a small 'un, and had she not stopped breathing, the Maribyrnong kennel would have made matters very warm before allowing the trophy to go to Queenscliff. Brilliant ran something more than a moderate dog to gain bis prominent position, and so did Beatrix. The great Tannhauser once more made his bow to the public, and, taking into account bis gross condition, acquitted himself admirably for a dog of his preten sions. A puppy named Eber, by the veteran Celerity, went remarkably well, I thought, and his defeat by Beatrix looked very much like a fluke. Of the others, Pelican, Gipsy , and Flo struck my fancy moBt. Mr. Johnston, it may be mentioned, got through bis duties satisfactorily; whilst ef the slipping, suffice it to say that Banner officiated in that department. Nominations for the Ballarat Produce Stakes, for saplings, run on the 3rd June, close on Thursday next, the 20th inst. 