LE ROI FAINEANT. Because we dared to state that the United Beechworth Shire Council were remiss in not taking the initiative in getting up a demonstration on the oc- casion of the coming visit of the Ministry, we have been informed by some of the members of that body, who are eminently wise in their generation, that we do not know our business, and that we write about matters of which we have no knowledge. What we have written we have written, and are still of the opinion that the Council, in acting as they have done, have shown a lament able want of public spirit. To say it was without their province is sheer non- sense, as we have plenty of precedents to go upon, and all over the colony, whenever any matter affecting the public weal, such as the opening of a State school, or the advent of a railway took place, on almost every occasion the municipal body has invited the Ministry, and played the host. In Beechworth in former times, the Council were ever to the fore, but from some unaccountable reason on the pre- sent occasion, one of the most important that has occurred for years past, they have left the whole matter in the hands of a few private individuals, and to- day the Ministry will not be the guests of the Council — who have nothing at all to do with the demonstration — but of the town. That the affair will be a success, despite the cold water which some of our pre- sumedly leading men have tried to throw over it, we have no doubt, as those who have taken the matter in hand have spared neither pains nor trouble, and even although the people's representa- tives declined to take any prominent part in it, we are convinced that Beechworth will be worthily represented on the occa- sion. We much regret that there is to be no formal ceremony of turning the first sod, a time-honored custom, which we should like to have seen kept up. Some of the members of the Council when appealed to thought the thing wholly unnecessary, and altogether dis- countenanced it ; but a few gentlemen thought differently, and held a meeting for the purpose of taking steps to have some sort of a ceremony, and actually went so far as to prepare a telegram to be sent to Melbourne for a spade with a silver mounted inscription. The con- tractors, Messrs Fishburn and Morton, expected some demonstration would take place, as had been done on other similar contracts in which they have been en gaged, and generously offered to defray one half of the expense. Several other gentlemen promised subscriptions in cash and kind, but owing to the lateness of the time and the damp which had been thrown upon the scheme by certain persons, who, in a most extraordinary manner, persistently acted the part of obstructionists, it had to be abandoned. Mr Kerferd, Premier of Victoria, and father of the Beechworth Branch Railway, visits the town officially to-day, and no recognition of his services is to be ren- dered him. We confess to a feeling somewhat akin to shame to think that Beechworth's boasted energy and public spirit, as vested in her representative men, has given up the ghost. 