NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH, WINDSOR. On the 23rd of December last, during the destructive fire which caused so much devastation and distress in Windsor, the Wesleyan church, built in 1838 (and which occupied the place of a still older erection), was destroyed by the flames, and since that time divine service has been con- ducted in the schoolroom alongside, which, to the surprise of all who witnessed the extensive conflagration, escaped the fate of the surrounding buildings. The site of the old church was in Fitzgerald-street, close to George and Macquarie streets. On Wednesday there was an excursion train from Sydney to Windsor, and a considerable number of persons availed themselves of the opportunity of visiting that town on the occasion of the ceremony of laying the memorial stone of a new Wesleyan church on the site of the one burnt down in December last. The locality was marked with a fair display of bunting; and the day may be taken to have been a sort of holiday throughout the - town, judging from, the number of well-dressed adults and children who turned out to witness, the ceremony. About noon the proceedings commenced, but they were temporarily interrupted by a thunder shower. The Rev. S. Wilkinson, minister of the Windsor Wesleyan church, as well as the present President of the Conference, gave out a hymn specially selected for the occasion, which was very well sung by the Sunday-school children. The 46th Psalm was read, after which the Rev. Mr. SellorB ' engaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr. Wilkinson referred to» the past labours of the Rev. Mr. Fletcher, the President of Newington College, in connection with the Wesleyan. congregation at Windsor, and called upon that gentleman to lay the first of the memorial stones forming part of one - of the buttresses. The Rev. Mr. Fletcher declared the stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and afterwards delivered an able and . concise address on the doctrine and usages of the Wesleyan Methodists. In conclusion Mr. Fletcher expressed his regret when he looked upon the wreck of their* old sanctuary; but he believed that its destruction was one of those things that God in His Providence overruled for good, and they might have blessings for many a year to come from that calamity which, at the time they witnessed it, must have been perfectly prostrating in its character. The second memorial-stone was laid by Mr John Dawson ; the third by Mr. John Ducker, J.P. ; and the fourth by tbe Rev. Mr. Wilkinson. After laying the 6tone, the President of the Conference delivered an addres ip in which he referred to his own recollections of the early days of the church which had been destroyed by fire, and even of that which had preceded it in date. He congratu lated them upon the fact that, before the fire, he had insured both church and school, and furniture, so that the less which had fallen upon them through the late fire waa not nearly so great as it would otherwise have been, and the insurance money would enable them in a considerable' measure to erect the building, the memorial- stones of which ? had just been laid. Mr. Dean, the treasurer, read a financial statement, from which it appeared that they had already. from insurance and contributions over £1000. The cost of the church would be £1700. They would obtain some £250 from the Church Sustentation Fund ; and they hoped to raise some £250 to-day. Mr. W. Boles, the architect, he might tell them, had given hi6 professional services gratuitously in connection with the designs for and the carrying out of the erection of the new church ; and. that gentleman deserved their most cordial thanks. The company then retired to the schoolroom, where an excellent luncheon was laid out. In the course of the afternoon ? over £200 of the £250 required was collected. In the even ing a tea meeting took place, followed by a service of sacred song. Among the clergymen present at the ceremony, besides those that have been already named, there were the Rev. Mr. Leach (Congregational minister of Windsor), Rev. Mr. Somerville, Rev. J. B. Portrey, Rev. Oram, Rev. Mr. Nolan, and Rev. J. Gardiner. The style of the new church, which promises to be quite an ornament to the town, and of which Mr. Boles is the architect, is the Early English period of Gothic architec ture, with corbels and bosses, ornamented with selections. from colonial flora. The front has a well-proportioned porch, a belfry over the main gable, and pinnacled turrets at each gable. There will be five lancet windows on each side of the building, divided into bays by massive but tresses. The dimensions of the church will be 32 by 62 feet. The walls (of brick) will be 16 feet high, and to the ridge 36 feet. The fittings and pulpit are to be of varnished Maryborough pine. 