'TACiS AUD SKETCHES. . : LUMLEY'S PAKDNER. \- from the overland monthly. I have forgolton the name he brought with him from the States, for nobody here over called him anything else but "Lunfloy'a Pardner," We mihera have a familiar knack of rechris- teuing, and a name once altbred sticks to a man as long as be sticks to tho mines ; so, even after Lumley had thrown up bis claim and left tbe diggings, a good three years ago, Lumloy's Pard ner still remained, a finger-post' to trace the dis tance back. After all, John Jonos, or Lumloy's Pardner, what mattered it, in that doubtful tide of immigration setting in towards tho wild re gions, where the first confidential question, after intimacy seemed to warrant the liberty, was in variably,' "Saay, comrade, what was your name before you came hero?" You see, I knew Lumloy's Pardner when ho first came into the mines. I was up at Wood's Diggings at the time he and a party of two or three or more came around prospecting. I re member I thought what a fine stalwart young fellow he was, straight as a young pine tree and no foolishness about him'tithor,- for he - bad been roughing it a year or two down on the Texas border, I never saw the boys more downright, pleased over a new-comer than when he bought a claim and went in with us. He was not a man to talk )fiuch about himself,- nor one you would ' feel free to question ; but there was honest sqdare- dealiug looking out of his cloar gray eyos„',for jail - the trouble and Unrest laid up behind them. ' Lumley was'as different as ii man could be. ' I have often noticed that men tako to unlikes ini mating among themselves, as well as in choosing mates for life. He came iuco the diggings a week br so later, and they somehow fell in together. Lumley was what you might call an extra clever fellow. He looked scarcely more than a boy — these fair-skinned people never show their age — with his handsome, womanish face, bright bluo eyes,- and trim-built figure; but he bad confidence until you could not rest, plenty otyho gift of gab, and a something about him — I believe people call it magnetism ; at least, when you were with him you believed just as ho did, and then wondered -at yourself afterward for doing so. Ludaley always had a knack of twisting folks .round his little finger ; for all that, tho lines of , firmness were quite lacking about his mouth. Lamley's Pardner now, with Lis close-set lips and square massive jaw— you might as well hope ;to move a mountain as him against his will. He wouid be strong to do, or to bear ; you could easily see that. I do not know that it was exactly fair ! I never meant to eavesdrop, but it happened in thi3 wise: One night, I went over to Lumley's shanty — it was amazing strange how soon his name got tacked to every thing— to see about a broken pick he wanted mended. I used to do the smithing in those days. As I opened the door, I saw there was no one in, aud, being tired with my day's work, I dropped down on a log just outside, lit my pipe, and sat leaning back against the pine boards waiting for Lumley to come back. I guess I must have got drowsy and fallen asleep, for the first thing I heard was voices, and Lum- , ley's Pardner speaking out bitter and short, in a . way we seldom- heard him spoak. "I reckon it's of no use to ask if there's any letters come to my name," ho said. "Thero'B ho one to write to mo." I rubbed open my eyes and saw two gleams of light streaming out through the open door and the one loop-hole of a window, and then I knew that Lumley and his mate must have passed me by and never seen mo in the twilight. Raising myself up, I saw Lumley through the .window, sitting down to the pine table beside a yellow dip, with two or three letters lying before him, and one open in his hand. Then it flashed across my mind that one of the boys from a camp.beyoqd had gone into the station and was due with tho \- mail that night. Lumloy's Pardner Bat over the far side of the table with a gloomy look in his eye. Being in the Bame boat myself, I knew how lonesome ib was never to have news from home, and won- .dered to myself how a manly, fine-looking fel low like him Bhould be without a wife or sweet heart waiting with a woman's pride in him somewhere. Lumley was busy reading his letters. I thought I had better stay outside. He was that intent at first that he seemed not to have heard the .other's words, but after a moment he lifted his face with one of the proud, bright loeka that . were Lumley's own. "Ay, comrade f. he cried cheerily ; " and don't tell mo it isn't all your bwn fault. Don't dare to envy me my :wife and child." : ! .There was no reply ; but, looking over,- 1 saw ; ouch a bitter, Borrowful look on tho faee of Lum ley's Pardner that, scarcely knowing what 1 was. doing, I stood and watched and pitied hiiri. 1 heard Lumley read aloud; words "of lovo and trust, watching and waiting, and of happmess in hiurand the child. I saw his faee as no read; He might be a weak man, but he loved the wsmaa and the ehUd, From the tat lettoithcie dropped out a eartc-de-visite. Lumley caught it up with boyish eagerness. ' . . fOld pard," he cried j.V you'sball soe my two treasures. Herethey arq- LpUe.and the poyj" He . tossed the picture serosa' the table; - The other .:pieked it up.;. I.saw a; man die onoe, stabbed through the bcat. Jdat such a loek earao into' the face of Lumley'U Pardner, aa.fco glanced at that picture: in his hand. > Lumley, Bending over his letter, never saw if. When ha had finished reading, he held out bis hand. Tho other did hot even raise hia eyes, Jaut kept them fixedly on whpt he held. , j "I, too, once thought ti havo a wifo and child," he muttered presently,.' less to Lumley than to himEolf. Tho words, following that look, were a whole lopk of revelation to me. Happily, -Lumley did not notice. His faco showed ' some' BUtpriue, mingled with that placid satisfaction the. suc cessful man always wears.; ' "Ah !" ho returned, shaking his hcad khofr- ingly, " is that the way the land "lies VI knew you were always cross-mouthed, but'a disappoint ment — I never suspected that. Sho, . wh0eger-4t was, had precious bad taste wheu 'she looked tfie other way !" and he. fan his eye admiringly1 o'dbr the other's splendid, proportions and manly; hand some face. " ; " She never refused m?," broke in Lumley's Pardner, in alow, Bmothered tone, bis eye's still, fastened intently on tho piature. "I— hover Oskcd her ; but she knew my mind, audi thought I know hers. I was suro she would wait Ar me until I came back. It was; for her I went away." " But you wrote to her?" questioned Lumley, with genuine interest. . i " Not a word— not a line. I am a poor scribe. But she' knew me well enough to need no writ ten assurance of my intentions; ! Every dbv would be lived for her. There could bo no dotret of that in her mind," i Lumley. made a hasty gesture of dissent. "Amd there, old man, was precisely, where yoafailedto connect ! It don't do, you know, for women' to tako too much for granted. They like to bo well fortified ; and then you are surhst to win if yon tako them by storm. Why my Lulie- — " "8he don't look as though sho ever walked over a true heart with her dainty feet, and: that flad littlo smile just curving her lips- 1" broke ih Ciumley'e Pardner, his white faco still- bent on the picture. . His deep voice trembled a little over the last words. " Lulie is truth itself," answered Lumley, quickly. "She never, loved anybody bat rite. To be sure, she had adtniror's— :how could sna help that and bo what sho is ?— but she loves nito truly. You can see it in her eyes 1" Lumley's Pardnor turned deathly, pale. Ho caught the table by one hand as if to Bteady him self, and fairly hurled -the picture across ato Lumley. It missed its mark and fell to; tfio floor. As he saw it! fall, all. the .fierceness died out of his eyes,- and a frightened loik crept into them. . "Pick her up," be Eaid, with timid apprehen sion, as though it wore a human being to whom, in a moment of passion, ho. had committed some ict of violence. " I didn't' mean to do tbat>r- poor little mother!"— the last words scemodl<to give him a stronger footing, with Jrinpseif.. "I was thinking how my wife married another man, and .never lot me know."' "Come, come, old man, don't tako it so to heart," said Lumley, soothingly. " There'll be a pleasant hqmet a dear littlo woman, and bright- oyed childien in tho future for you yet !" "Never I" ' | Lunffey's Pardner brought down his fist like a aledgckbatnmer ; then he leaned forward Iii/'Ihs seat, .fvith- a fevorish eagontess in his manner which ho tried bard to keep out of bis voice : "Tell me, how would you have given up your Lulio t". Lumley- laughod with easy,: careless good-' nature. " You put mo, in a tight place," ho said. " But, supposing 'the case, tno first question I should ask would bo : did she go over to, tho enemy's camp— ih other words, forsake hio'' for an old rival ? " N-n-o 1" answered Lutasley's Pardner, slowly.' " It waa some one I had never seen. I've nothing ag'in the man." "Why, then," went on Lumley, " truth some times cuts hard, old fellow,— I tnink it was your fault, and not tno girl'B. It's a man's privilego to speak hia mind ; a woman's destiny to fold her hands and wait. She can novcr be quito sure unless ho has spoken out. Then, perhaps, another, who has learned . to lovo her, does speak. She feels tho need of lovo in her life ; women as often marry to bo loved as'boca'usa- they love. Then instead of whsting her life' for that- which may never como to her, sho takes up the fate lying at her feot. , Does she go very much astray 7' Lumley's Pardnor dropped his head upon his breast. "Poor girl! I never thought of that," he Eaid. I do not know just how it was that I remem bered all the words so plain. Tkero was no more said, and, feeling gailty-like for stealing a mate's secret which it was not meant for me to know, I crept to my shanty, bunked in, and let the broken pick lie over till morning. I often felt sorry for Lumley s Pardner after that. : Well, for a time, things went on in the . old way. Then Lumley's Pardnor came down with mountain-fever, and Lnmley nursed him through it. He was a3 tender as a woman, was Lumley ! When I used to drop in of nights, occasionally, to lend a band at watching, the sick man's oyes would follow him about the room, in a helpless, beseeching way that was pitiful to see. It was only tho ghost of Lumley's Pardner that got up from it, but the two men weie always nigher together after that. "- When Lnmley got back to tbo claim, and Lumley's Pardner was just ablo to crawl about; they came into a wonderful' streak of lock. Lumley struck into a big pocketj aud there they wero, in the turn of a die, rich men. Mining; after all, is a game of chance — you bay 'your ticket, but it docs not always win; there ara plenty of blanks to every prize. It does not mattor the exact amount ibis prize notted, if I bad remembered' it. Lumloy was jubilant over his " pile," anxious to soil oaf, and leave the mines ; . so nobody was surprised whCn his partner bought him out for a good round sum, saying, in his qdiet way, that he guessed ho'd stay and see the thipg through, It was very quiet m camp the morning that Lumley went away. The boys wero sorry to lobe him, for ho had not any but well-wishers amoDg us. Well, six months went by, and them came a little white! letter, "scribed" in a dainty woman's hand, to Lumley's Pardner. Tbo man trembled all over like a leaf when it was put into Lis kaqfl; took it into his cabin, and abut the door. Within the next half-honr he came out again in a des perate. hurry, saddled his mule, and rode off down the trail. " Unexpected business !" was his hasty ex planation; ' Could not say how soon he pight ho back. ' The hews came to us at last by a .party ofi traeers. stopping to noon in cainp. . Then J kn'dto what tome marks' of weakness about hia month stood for ; Lumley had never left the city, at all I He bad sat down to the gaming-table, one nigh#; and gotten up from it, the next morning, poorer than he had coine'into the . miner. Ho baa first? woo, then lost, and lost and won, and wojf, again ; ,ahd then that tat total blank Blared bjtP iaftoSMe/ fi:!mtoXt<tfoifl&tnov43t;'' give!np)atHbat/) (Hd'-bi'usf I vnifit all back ! Luck.rwaBwrtfy'in' BkfreffdEj Biittyet ! ' BHehaunfed'the gatoblmgheirs/'fllay| 'ingf-jckleifely, desperately/isd) loogl aathencouid c∈ eubiiglitto) keepjthrbalUtollifigfipawhing : hise /watch/ hisring, even his cl0tlfing/vwhen''otfier| Aresoareesifaileav : | Iwmleyla Paidnerifobndl'iiinheayy-syedf VWitb-aAeodyhashihess imhis drefesj marks of disf miipatibA on/his 'fairy-' womanish fac0;-j-a! pretty? "nearly plced- oht'rndmdiial.- - > '- ' - '"' - ' t f«y" tTheA Wodsriished' all -ovor his facdy for the nianj . "liness-yet left in him coulclbutTeelithesUame'df 3jtl$tmeeting; £But therowasno backing 'oul 'Cliowi-- Himley'&Pardner.took;"- hihfito ode side. ;j ''I've heard of you, old man/' he-saidy in hia jmafcter- of?fact . dx»j,i ' -'ani- i I-'vev.eqiuoMto seeyoi) /Oubjofidhis. ,<.-Hojr.aiuch(do;you8ay.wilLclear.you ..lpt,<md have a trifle ahead?' ; >n j .VadCipmley-neyeriraisetl: his .eyes." 1 ' . "Oldpard," he answered, choking up, ." you're -Abetter. mend thauldeeerve. :r Don't askme to v,fako ftnythiug f rom you. -. I went id/with my eyes :aad;:tfiankingyou all the , -same, . I'll havd tuli jhumlefy a ardner iaid a broad hand on each -,;ftiE- ithB;pitifully drooping shoulders. ' , . -j-?fi!9W<nian,iWheDtthe.feyerrhad; me down; I'd ha' gone under if it hadn't' been for you.- Sohelp v'meniG.odilf I:!d- rather : ha' died than, have taken jjTybat f didiat your, hands. . D,o you dare deny ine -ithig small return, now? t What's a paltry sum. of yjnoney rbetweeu. you- and; me,; :and the i 'little . ithother 'iwaitin'.at homo?" . -d v.-;.-)-' J i /.aXuinley put; down his head -upon -that, and Pried like a baby : the which, if it be not manly, .\ilikafliita>th'6:better for. Thereare 'tears, 1. am thinking, that are far from -disgracing' even' the .«ye8.o£.,a;man.! ; 1 . :-t >; <\- " . >h " I'm ashamed of myself, throughandtfirough; i/.for what's gone; by," were; Burnley's 'next /words, ihubil-catft'igiye it tip now. '-'Matters 'can't be any worse, and there's a chanoe of ' bettering, l. l&rhape; to-night/I' shall win it all 'back." - I etThenoiwerothe old wilfulness/ and 'pride/ and themew fascination of the gaming table. 5 There !;was.na;turning him back, no moying1 him from tfifcfiafcrosolvo; - - --! - r.-r.'i-: ; Luta ley 'a Pardner took him1 by the arm/5 : ! "Eithecway, I'm bound to see: you through," ;h$ said. "Come.'/ ;. 1 v.-.:- 7, ..Sp-.mglit after night, as Iumley;played; there .Afofid/Lumlc'y/s. Pawner looking on with never; a ...word; of. that little white letter, his answering message, or the two passongors on. board- an oceaii teamer bound; for California; o ' i ; fjIJespito, Iiumley's. hopefulness, . luck neVer re 3flmedri''Ifc.jwas; the eamo feverish; unrest and 7 fiediqus waiting, the sense of degradationlby day; " ancf at nigkt- the brilhantlyJighted : gambling- .hell, .tho excitement, - the .fascination, trembi ..ing i.betjwixb ihope and... .uncertainty, the .ifrei jaeint,.,.- p'gtations , to » steadyr his; .shakeu gjnery.es, , j and,;.;as .the L night /wore .on,.- uh pgrtaiuty. deepening intoi failure and disappoint) , and each .morning . Lumley's- Pardner - led Km Blowly and silently away, until time, (-wear? pn, brought at.kstr this-appeal /-,/ ! -T For God s' sake, old .man, when .will you let J' i'..- I Iieiiven,;as sodtf as, I gflt haclet-iyo . tuosangl dollars,-. I swear never; tpi touch cards, or dico gaiij;',' ' ,:iud'.LeuT-..,'..d'4nieariiest ' this' time','. 'Still,', lie would accept nothing irom 'tbs padtner.' . .. ., j , fThe uight tho Ocean Belle Vas - signalled' -into ppry'Duihley's Pardner beckoned, "Monte, Bill'! 'astern tr.recjion'.. you., haya/fleard,, of .Monte Bill '.|(hea'aeyn<di)fhb(»i. .player west of tbe old TVIi'ssrssiiipl), 'and some 'secret, lundori .standing paBsed.betweeu them,.;. ; gin 'tjie midst of . a game, Lumloy's Pardner loft Ihd'psV, 'wfixeh'was something unusual,, passiijg ."Monte .Bill. on, his.'. >yay to the door. It,was.m>t generally noticed, but as he passed ho dropped a ."Small-, ' compact' package into tho gathbler's hand ; .then, slouching, his sombrero over his eyes, he '.left' the hall. . .. , ; ; Pausing in the street, Lumley's Pardner Iodked anxiously down. It would have been dark but . for .the street lamps, for it was full two hours to inoonrise ; but down by the wharf Bhone out . the gleam of. a new signal- light, which, poised at ,\nast;hyad, glqwored through the dark -like:. the ""'fiery eye of a gigantic Cyclops ; the Ocean. Belle -was; in. Ten minutes later, pushing, his way "through the bustling crowd that thronged the deck, be hurried across the plank and made his yraty straight to the cabin. . "The past seemed all a dream, as he stood again with, a wildly beating heart before a once fai ..tnilidr- form— familiar still, though bearing the "maturer crown of motherhood. -Her face was . even1 fairer than' of old, blushing with its own ;; wiM.-fose tints of loveliness, her soft eyes shin ing up in glad expectation. The broad sombrero,! Slouched over his forehead, shaded his, features; She saw only bronzed cheeks and a strong, brown board. The tremor in_ his voice mignt have 1 meantldiflfldence, ' ; . , ; >. ' ''"Pardon me,' madariio, you are— I believe- that is to say— I am Lumley's Pardner."", ! i T Shd held out a white hand cordially, , i Ahd my husbahd ?" ; j ' ""'Iswell. I'am to take.you.to him," ! . He f took timidly the hand ; she' "gxteiided; \- awkwardly the little womhn. "thought, and 'tlien . let it go. . . ' ; . ' - ' . '"Give me the-child." " . Ho, took the, sleeping boyinhisarnm,aadso: '.Burdened piloted. ' the. way ' to a '.'carriage nlosd ' Jjeaifle. the wharf. Putting her inside, be laid ''th&'child gently, almost, reverently, : upon her \- lap. " Wo're to drive round and take up L'umley. It is; only a few minutes' ride." ; One last searching glance from under the pro- . footing- sombrero,' and he closed tho carriage- ; door, mounting to his place beside the driver. ' 'Dd.dly enough, Lumley had just finished a , winning game with Monte Bill when Lumley's 1 Pardner came hurriedly in. As he slipped ' quietly back to his post, Lumley sat eyeing the ' pile" — 2,500 dol. _ He put o_nt his. hand to rake it up, paused, drew it back, picked up the cards, and began to shuffle for another stake ; not that lie had forgotten his oath, or the woman and child "he Loved, but a long away ahead of any- , thing else was the thought that luck had turned —that he had only to follow it up and win back: . - all the .past. Lumley's Pardner stooped to'his "car : ' ff You'd better throw up the game, the ' little mother ' and 'your boy are Waiting here out- ' ' Side." Lumley started— half rose to his feet, looked tip into his partner's face, then at the cards, then At .the door, then wistfully back upon the cards' And the gold. As with- a 'heavy sigh he' sunk into his seat again, Lumley's Pardner, dashing the cards from his'hand, raked up the stakes And forced the money into Lumley's pocket. " How long will you keep your wife and child Waiting alone/, at night, in .a strange city before /the door of a gambling- house ?" The thrust struck home. Like a man awaken ing from a dream, Lumley sprung up, crushed on Jiis hat, and flew to the door. ..... . . ' , Qnce in the Uttle woman's. arms, he wassafe, Xumley's Pardner knew him well enough .to be' Auro of ; that.> He never followed him, .but; clipped out of the side- door, and the next day : Saw him. back in camp/ a trifle pale and sterner; thau was his wont, but the clear grey., eyes' Aauntlessly honest and bravo. i -£ And -I reckon, .to this day, IiUmleyneyor kuo ws' tow/much he owes his old . mate, or that his? iXulie had one true lover, .whom he ouce knew! auflr appropriated to himself - in. the person of Xumley's Pardnor, ' /„ . 