THE EXCELLENCES OF THE CHURCH OF 1 ENGLAND. I There can be no doubt that a large number of those who are 1 nominally members of the Church of England have scarcely 1 any other reason to give for belonging to the church except 1 that they were born in it, and are content with it. Now, it is I evident that if this is all that they can say for ifc, they are I very likely to be dissociated from it whenever any one comes I ou iubui wiuii uiojLts iiumeruua, n nou more cogent inducements m to join themselves to some other religious body. At best, it § must be allowed that when such people are appealed to, to aid I in any distinctively church work, they are not sufficiently alive I to the advantages of their church to feel any warm interest in it. ..In order, therefore, to furnish some of the members with that which may stir up their zeal for their church, we would offer the following arguments for belonging to it : — II. The first great merit of our church, then, is its firm upholding of the truth. We are not, indeed, prepared to defend every expression in our Liturgy or Articles. It is not to be supposed that formularies revised for the last time more than 200 years ago are not capable of improvement in some of - their details. But on this point we will only say now, that we think it will be generally allowed that the risk and danger that would attend any attempts to effect such improvement, in the present state of the church at home, would be far greater than any possible counterbalancing advantages. But spots on I the sun's surface do not prevent it from giving abundant light I to every one who is willing to walk in the light; and these I slight specks in our church's formularies do not materially ? detract from their practical excellence and usefulness. I ? But were those specks more numerous than they are, they I would be to us as nothing when we remember that our I ? church's maintenance of the truth consists especially in her , I upholding and setting forth to all her members the pure and I ' simple. Word of God in our native language. For whilst some I may appeal to our Liturgy, and others to our Articles, on I matters of doctrine, we would point out that what the church I herself appeals to in all such things is the Bible. As she I- ? declares in the sixth Article — ' Holy Scripture con tain eth all i things necessary to salvation ; so that whatsoever is not read I therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of I any man that it should be believed as an Article of Faith, or 1 be thought requisite or necessary to salvation.' But not only I does our church refer all her own doctrines to the plain text I of Scripture, but she sets forth the Bible as the daily study of I all her members, appointing (as we see in the calendar in the i Prayer-book) about four chapters of it to be read every day; i so that those books which are called ' Church-services' ought I only to be called ' Sunday-services,' for they only contain the I Sunday lessons. The whole Bible, together with the Prayer I book, is required to make up the full Church-services. i 2. And having mentioned the Prayer- book, we would re I mind our readers that another merit of our church is its 1 testimony in that book to the duty and blessing of united i prayer; for our Liturgy therein is said to be not for Sundays I only, but is called 'The Order for Morning and Evening I Prayer daily throughout the year.' And although there are, 1 perhaps, not many persons now who would find that one set I form of p.rayer as profitable for every-day use as the more E varied forms of family prayer ; nor many who would find it so i convenient to come to church daily for united prayer, as to B offer the same in their own houses with all their families ; yet g (as we said) the very order for daily prayer is a most distinct g ? ?* and useful witness to the general need for such prayer, that I we may unitedly draw down God's blessing upon us from on I high- I The admirable arrangement of Church-seasons in our ser I vices, ranging (from Advent to Trinity Sunday) through all B the great facts of our Lord's first coming, His Crucifixion, B Resurrection, and Ascension ; the coming of the Holy Ghost, If and the Trinity in Unity, is so obvious to every one that we i need not enlarge upon it here. Suffice it to say that it secures I to us that, whatever the peculiar views of any individual I minister may be, the leading truths of the gospel shall I . , necessarily be set forth, in due order, to the people. 1 3. Again, we prize our church for the richness and variety of its services. For where shall we find such chastened fervour of devotion, such reverence of tone, such a happy commingling of confession and prayer, with praise in psalm, and hymn, and anthem, and holy communion; such a just combination of the public reading of God's word in the lessons, with a judicious explanation and enforcement of it in sermons, as is ordered in the Liturgy ? Where else shall we find so full and well I appointed an arrangement of services, from the baptism of 1 the infant to the catechising of the child, the confirming of I the youth, the marriage of the adult, the thanksgiving for I children, the visitation and communion of the sick, and finally the burial of the dead ; such a parental care for all estates and conditions of men as in our prayer-book 1 4\. The next thing for which we value our church is for the reasonable freedom of thought and action allowed to all her members ; a freedom, however, by no means the fruit of indifference, but only of a due sense of that right of private i judgment, and of that individual choice inherent in every man. For whilst our church retains all the most ancient creeds and sets forth elaborate yet moderate articles of faith, she does not insist upon no one belonging to her communion unless he subscribes to those creeds and articles. So, whilst she bids all her members receive the holy communion at least three times a-year, she does not say that no one shall be counted as a member unless he does so receive it. In fact, she acts as a wise mother, who feels that her children are grown up, and able, and with a right, to judge for them selves, and yet sedulously helps them to form that judgment, and expresses clearly to them her wishes, which will no doubt be as law — so far as the conscience of each permits — to all her right-minded and dutiful sons and daughters. 5\. Once more, we prize our church for the thoroughly healthy tone of her formularies. As it is said in the Bible to be a feature of divine revelation that it speaks in ' sound words' — literally, ' healthy' words, ' wholesome words ;' so we may say it is in our church. Steering clear equally of the fantastic superstitions and sentimentalisms of Rome, of the narrow dogmatism of Geneva, and the cant Shibboleths and exagge ration of some modern devotees, her language and teaching is clear, manly, frank, vigorous, and temperate. 6\. Another advantage of our church, though some may think it to be only a fortuitous and adventitious one, is that it is the national church of the most free and most enlightened nation of the world. Hence it has escaped the misfortune that most sects have fallen into, of being the church only of a certain fragment or class of the people. It is not (as the Ritualists incline to make ifc) only the church of fashionable and would-be aristocratic people; nor is it (like some other bodies) only and mainly the church of the middle classes, or even of the most ignorant of all. It embraces within it prince, peer, and president; tradesman and mechanic ; the scientific and the practical man ; learned and unlearned ; and this has greatly tended to maintain and to promote that liberty and that healthiness of tone, and to prevent that despotism and bigotry and narrow-mindedness of which we have already spoken. Hence we shall find men of all ranks and classes alike ready to aid the church — if only they would do it generally a little more vigorously ! And another consequence — partly of the nationality, partly of the intrinsic soundness, and partly of the freedom of the church — is that a very large proportion of learned and scientific men, men of deep thought and liberal views, real leaders of the age, will be found among the members of our church. And so, if we want to find the profound philosopher, as dis tinguished from the flippant sophist ; the reflecting theologian, ? as distinguished from the flashy orator; the man of real science, as distinguished from the rash and hasty theorist or the mere populariser of other men's learning; we shall generally find him in the ranks of the Church of England ; which may therefore fairly claim to be one of the best champions of the truth in all its branches. 7\. We see another excellence of our church in its system of government by a permanent President, or rather a Father in God, in the person of its Bishop, instead of a constantly changing Moderator, or a Committee of Ministers. For with us there is always one who exercises a fatherly care over all the household, and is able, with the accumulated experience j and wisdom of a life-time, to promote and regulate action in j the church; one who is always present to meet any emergency, j or to counsel, advise, and direct his younger brethren in the ministry as need may require. ^ f But it is not merely that our church has episcopacy ; its | advantage consists in its being a moderate and constitutional | episcopacy, wherein any despotic tendencies of the individual I Bishop are checked by the lawful action of Church Courts, or i presbyters, or people, or (in England) of Parliament. It is, we \i say, a Constitutional, not a Romish Episcopacy ; just as our | civil head is a Constitutional Queen, not an Autocrat. I The last special advantage of our church to which we will | now allude, is her parochial system. In this, as in her diocesan I) government, the two leading principles are permanency and t$ territorial or district responsibility. g Permanency : for just as the Bishop is the unchanging jT, father of the diocese, so is the clergyman of the parish. He |5 lives continually amongst his people ; and is not, as in some r other bodies, removed just as he comes thoroughly to know |' his people, and to gain their confidence. He grows up with |; the growth of his parish. He watches and cares for many || of his charges from their very childhood; baptises them at I the -font, catechises them in school, unites them in wedlock.; Watching, in Ms turn, over their children, loving and beloved, till,1 as he is officially the elder, so he becomes gradually in reality the father of his people. ? ? The other admirable feature of our parochial system is what we 'have called its territorial responsibility. We mean that the minister is not the minister of the congregation merely, but of all the members of the church, godly and ungodly, poor and rich alike, within his parish. Thus those careless ones who most need his admonitions are not left utterly uncared for, as they must be, as a rule, in a merely congregational body. And thus, too, under the clergyman, the earnest and active mem bers ' of the church will be knit together in efforts for the evangelisation and instruction of the neglectful and neglected ones, and the church will be as it ought to be, viz.— mission ary and aggressive, and active in all good works. On the grounds, then, that as we believe our church has these excellences, these advantages, we may well urge her members not only to contribute freely to her support; but still more earnestly may we express a hope that all will strive, with God's help, to live as worthy members of such an ancient, a scriptural; a free communion ; standing in the old ways, seeking the old paths, holding fast the form of sound words, true believers in the God whom we reasonably worship ; as free, yet the servants of Christ ; knit together in one communion and fellowship, in the mystical body of God's dear Son; living in humility, remembering that these advantages are not of our making (though we ought carefully to guard them); living in charity with all who differ from; us ; setting forth the beauty and glory of v our church by our own holy and humble lives ; striving to promote unity of action, and' mutual edification, and energy of ^well-doing on all sides;, so that all true Christians may (as St. Paul with his converts) 'joy in beholding our order, and the steadfastness of our faith in Christ.' 