COURSING GOSSIP. Following a brace of greyhounds for eight long hours with the quicksilver at 95deg. in the shade, and repeating the performance next day when the ther mometer indicated 70deg., is what may be termed varied exercise, and a kind of amusement (?) that might hit the fancy of any experimental sportsman desirous of undergoing such a sensational ordeal ; but to the generality of leash-followers the fun would perhaps be slightly more agreeable when the mercury stands a point or two nearer temperate. The peculiar atmospheric phenomenon cited occurred on the first and second days of this month, when the Ballarat Coursing Club opened the 1875 campaign with the Ercildoun Cup, and although such a rapid change in the elements kept people in mind of the t "glorious uncertainty" ©f our climate, no other ill-effect was noticable, and proceedings passed off most auspiciously as far as sport was concerned. Last season the Grant and Folwarth club was the first in the field, but our alluvial friends opened the ball on this occasion, and to their credit may it be said that the tournament has been commenced under highly favourable circumstances. Despite the scorcher on the opening day, some good work was accomplished, while the final day's sport was pronounced the best ever witnessed at Trawalla. It was encouraging to find the meeting so fairly patronised by metropolitan nominators, and it is to be hoped that the success which attended our representatives will be an in ducement for other Melbourne members to send d?wn a dog or two at future gatherings ef the Bal larat club. Since the opening ef the Beaufort line, access to the convincing' ground has become easy, and this circumstance will doubtless attract distant visitors to the many important meetings on the B C.C. programme cf the enduing season. I believe the special train chartered from Ballarat to Trawalla ou the two days has resulted in a pecuniary loss to the club, but that the arrangement will be an ultimate success no one can doubt. Contrary to oostom, operations were commenced in the Mount Boss pad- ib?k, and in close proxmity to the Trawalla railway station. It was quite apparent en starting that the ground was in a dangerous condition for running, and that it would prove rough on the dogs. During the day those forebodings were too plainly realised, fir in almost every course one, and very often a pair, of dogs got severely injured. In most instances the longt&ils; were clean beaten before being slipped, and how they travelled at all was certainly surprising under the circumstances. That hares were fully alive to the undesirable influence of Old Sol was also forcibly demonstrated by the fact of seven ©f their number coming to grief on the first day. The trials as a rule were of great length, and condition itself derided the courses in many instances. On the second day, the company was rather select, the temprature cooler, and game more plentiful, which facts went to make up a capital day's sport. Towards the finish, we traversed the ground along the creek within a short distance of the Trawalla homestead, and fur was found to be so plentiful that regrets ware expressed at not trying this spot at an flakier period. Eegarding the running, there is not the least doubt that the best dog won the Cup. Commencing with Biddy BI'Grath, Lady Hollo never gave her aristocratic opponent the ghost of a chance, while her victories over Bismarck, Sir Bobert, Jim Crow anrj Colleen Bawn were seored with ridiculous ease, and she was, in fact, never once asked to gallop. The fol> lowing is her pedigree : — Lady Rollo Whelped 10th May, 1872. Weight, 491b. , ... . A. — N Cashier Miss Alice I t h . ( Cauld Kail Hooley and Fairlie Cardinal York LadyStor- Unknown WhatCaT mont Lady Bollo, by Cashier out of Mies Alice, is a fawn biteh, and a perfect little picture to look at. Al though small, she is very compact, and goes a fair pace from slips. Her forte, however, is the brilliant manner in which she handles her game, for once in possession _ eh 9 never relinquishes command until giviugfthe judge a little' arithmetical exercise. Her style of going is vastly improved to the form shown last year, and it will take more than an average grey hound to stop her from reaching the end of a V.C.C. stake at approaching Sunbury reunions. A glance at Lady Bollo's pedigree will show that her breeding, is exceptionally prime, and cannot be surpassed for fashionable blood. Arriving here some twelve months ago, she did not bring any great reputation as a performer in the old country, and all through the V.C.C. gatherings of last season her name only came mto prominence on one occasion, and then in the Sunbury Stakes, when she ran third to Deerfoot, meeting and defeating Sea Foam, Woodbine, and Fugitive, as well as being accredited with a bve in consequence of Sea Swell going amiss. In the West ourke Cup, a month later, she fell in her second course to Fugitive, the animal she had previously defeated. Lady Bollo, however, was not disgraced y allowing the tables to be overturned in hj« fnne! for she had only three legs to travel on. In m flJlIS? Btruck Lady's colours Mr ? t8 were cut very £ne, for jux. M Culloch e bitch was haying it all to herself _ at the finish, and had not puss slipped her pursuers in some tall grass, the M'Grath representative would have certainly had to play second fiddle. Lady Bollo has now run fifteen public coursers in this colony, winning eleven and losing four, a very creditable performance. Colleen Bawn, the runner- up in the Ercildoun Cup, is a blue bitch, and would have made a much better display in the final oour g had not backward condition begun to tell its tale. Colleen travels at a smart pace, and is clever with her hare. The following is her pedigree : — Colleen Bawn / - 1 « Emg Dinah t 1 " ' ' x r \ Canaradzo Balblaw Girl Pugilist Susan. The blood inherited through King speaks for itself, while Dinah's lineage takes her in a direct line te Figaro, who was Colleen Bawn's great grandsire. Of the other competitors in the Cup, Hurri cane, Chimney Sweep, and Factotum exhibited the best form, and the two former, who are particularly promising puppies, are likely to show up at future meetings. Drummer, an own brother to Geerdie, Neville, Sfceeltrap, and (War wick, showed good speed in his spin with Charley O'Malley, but I understand that the latter dog was running under difficulties through want of condition and bodily injuries. Sea Bock went in capital etyle with Factotum in the undecided, but failed to come when asked the second time. The dogs competing, as a lot, were not first-cla<s, several of them running very indifferently. What Mr. W. J. Clarke is to the V.C.C., so is Mr. John Wilson to the Ballarat Club, namely, an invaluable benefactor, and without tha. magnificent hospitality of two such gentlemen to fall back upon, coursing in Victoria would be at a very low ebb indeed. Independent of placing their vast estates at the disposalf of the coursing public, they also distribute princeiy hospi tality to visiters, by way of always providing a good Ifljtock of refreshments, without which accompani- hare coursing would be shorn of a good amount or\diyereien. Although the Messrs. Wilson were unavoidably absent from the meeting, Mr. M'Kenzie, the overseer, was not wanting in looking after the visitors and showing good sport, and to his guidance may be mainly attributed the complete s access which attended the untiring energies of the stewards. Mr. Brazenor was at his old post with the flags, and acquitted himself with his usual ability, while Mr. Burroughs succeeded admirably in keeping the field in military order. Mr. Johnston experienced a merry time of it in the pigskin, and although the fencing powers of Bate were called into frequent use, I never remember seeing a judge stick closer to his dogs. His decisions, also, with one or two excep tions, when the spectators might have been placed in an unfavourable position to offer a correct opinion, gave general satisfaction, and no one can gainsay that he succeeded in bringing the best dog to the front. The excessive heat on the first day made Banner's task an unenviable one, but he was quite equal to the occasion, and got through his duties like an artist. An event of great future importance to greyhcund owners throughout the colony will take place on Friday, the 16th instant. I allude to the nomination- day of the Waterloo Cup. This contest has now been raised to the same level as its English namesake, and as time rolls on, with coursing still keeping on the high road of popularity, we may expect to see the " blue ribbon of the leash" run its turf rival, the Melbourne Cup, very close in point of public interest and excitement. Gradually but surely are the million becoming initiated into the mysteries of coursing, and instead of counting the attendance at the Waterloo this year by hundreds, as heretofore, we may possibly -have to put them down in thousands. The time of allot ing nominations will be of the greatest interest, and. owners who are members of the V.C.C. holding nominations this season will have a preference in future years, when a Waterloo " nom." will doubtless be at a great premium, and very difficult .to obtain. Taking into consideration i the overwhelming number ot applications sent in last year, the committee very wisely enlarged the stake to its present dimensions. The Waterloo Cup is an open stake, and lor particulars intended applicants are referred to our advertising columns. I understand Mr. James M'Culloch has pur-1 cnasea sue xamous stun aeg uastuer, and is bring ing him out in the steamship Northumberland. Cashier is one ef the most successful stud dogs in England, and is by Cardinal York out ot Lady Stormonfc.j The London correspondent of "The Weekly Times" has again succeeded in furnishing the latest and detailed results of the hist English Waterloo Cup. He also gives us the derision of the National Coursing Club re the notorious Lavender Water Gase. As everyone anticipated, the St. Leger Cup Will be contested by My Idea, Girl of the Period, Deerfoot, D.O., Bellona, and Lucy, these being the animals that were put out by Lavender Water. As the V.C.C. committee are now in possession of the decision, the time appointed for running off the match will be awaited with considerable interest. The animals engaged are all well-known performers, and considerable excitement is manifested in the contest. All the competitors are doing well, and public opinion would go to show that the pair most fancied are D.O. and Deerfoat ; but the' fight is an extremely open one, and to " spot" the winner will certainly be a venturesome task. Following in the wake of Ballarat coursers, the Grant and Polwarth Club have inaugurated their season gloriously by running off the All- Aged Stakes in one day. Without exception it was the very best day's sport ever witnessed under the auspices ef Pivot men, and one that was thoroughly enjoyed by all those present. The weather was of the most desirable description, fur plentiful, and sport ex cellent. Mr. Frank Gardner, the new judge, made his debut amongst us under the most favourable cir cumstances, the courses being all one-sided, and giving no room for differences of opinion. Although not well mounted, he rode well to his dogs. TTi« fencing capabilities wereriot once tried, but his seat and style of riding favour the opinion of his being an accomplished horseman, and one that would not look twice at a fence that required negotiating, ffjs decisions are given distinctly and without hesitation, and although his " fawn" does not put us in mind of Warwick's favourite cry, no one can mistake it. Be- garding the winner of the stake at which Mr. Gardner made his first appearance, Sea Swell ran through his dogs unchallenged, and will now go in clover for the Waterloo Cap. The son of Battler and Sea Silver has always run a great animal, bat his career has been marked with a perfect chapter of ill- luck. He has altogether run eighteen public trials, winning fif teen and losing three. TTia most creditable performance was in the last Waterloo Cup, when he won four courses, beating Claverhouse, Neville, Tannhauser, and Macbeth. When beaten by Sandy in the next spin he was placed on an un favourable footing from severe gruellihgs, and injured feet. Sea Swell is the gapmst of the game, and. a very dangerous animal to displace once he gets on terms with his hare. His condition at Geelong was not tap top, which told unmistakably on him in tt j OUM £ot away without trouble. ii the day of running, and is an Pint r<r £ ®ock» ®ea Whisper, and Sea Geelnn1111 r iaBt year's President's Cup, ffood bfina f rti1! .half-sister to Sea Swell, is a good little animal, weighing only 361b, and gained her forward position by sheer merit. Of the ' other greyhounds taking part, I have nothing to say, for fveioZ a «»Ctiwt?Wn,andy,ldIlam Coursing Club made their firat signal yesterday, and, considering all thing?, a rapital commencement was effected. Asa feU report of the meetmg appears elsewhere, I remain from commenting farther. j CUMLODEN. 