NEW SILVER AND BRONZE COIN. Moat of our readers will romomber the large quantity of old and defaced »¡Ivor coin in circulation among us three or four years ago,, which his boon gradually withdrawn from circulation by the issua of A largo quantity of new silver coin imported from England by the Government. Wo still lind, I ltowovor, that thoro is a considerable quantity of the old smooth silvor in circulation, and wo hopo the Government will import a further supply, and thus get rid of what has so Jong been felt as a, nuisance among us. The state of .the copper coinage in circulation has long been a source of annoyance to the general public, and although several of our tradespeople have ondeavourod to meet tho wants of the community by the issue of copper tokens, still tho public have felt riiuoli inconvenience by being compelled to take thone tokens which, not being mode a legal tender, were not taken by all parties in payment. Wo »re glad, therefore, to, find that the Government have by the Adelaide,! that »reived on Thursday, just imported, direct from the Royal Mint, a large quantity of the new bronze coin, which will immediately be put in cir- culation throughout the colony by the assistance of the banks. We understand that it ia the intention of the Government shortly to issue a proclamation prohibiting the circulation of the old copper coin as a legal tender, and withdrawing the same from cir- culation, and we hope they will, during the next session, introduce a measure prohibiting the issue of any more copper tokens among us. REPRESENTATION OF MEANDER.-The Hon. John Thomson has forwarded to his Excellency the resignation of his seat in the Legislative Council as representative of the Meander district. It is probable a new writ for the election of a successor will be issued within a few days. LOOK ON THIS PICTURE AND ON THAT.-The Ex- hibition Commissioners of Sydney have decided to publish a pamphlet, showing the progress of that colony. The Government of Tasmania have, since about the end of last session, had a book giving a full epitome of everything Tasmanian in their offer, and yet they refuse to avail themselves of it, on, as we understand, opinions of some]referees ; opinions which we would certainly like to see. THE FIRE ON SUNDAY NIGHT.-Mr. Tarleton yesterday resumed the inquiry opened on Tuesday into the circumstances connected with the fire at Mrs. Hunt's boarding establishment. Two witnesses were examined, but their evidence threw no light as to the origin of the fire ; and as thero were several other witnesses to be called it was decided to further adjourn the inquest until Monday next at 4 o'clock. We have been requested to withhold the evidence taken until the whole is completed., ST. PATRICK'S SOCIETY.-In our report of the speech made by Mr. James Gray, M.H.A., at the meeting of the above society, held on Thursday evening, the name of John Mitohell was inserted instead of that of Mr, John Martin. The sentence should have read i "It was the life-long dream of that sturdy Ulster Presbyterian and patriot, John Martin," $c, not John Mitchell as printed, UNITED REVIVAL SERVICES,-The third of the series of united religious services was held last evening in Chalmers Free Church, Bathurst-street. There was a large attendance. The following clergymen were present :-Revs. Dr. Nicolson, Messrs. J. Scott, J. White, W. C. Robinson, Cowperthwaite, B. S. Bird, J. ROBS, and J. W. Simmons. The service was commenced by singing the hymn " Even mc." Tho Rev. Dr. Nicolson then read the first chapter of St. Paul's epistle to the Colossians, after which the Rev. Mr. Cowper- thwaite offered up a prayer soliciting God's assis- tance in the work. The Rev. Dr. Nicolson in a very able address sought to impress upon those present the Christian's obligation to seek the salvation of those around them ; and the progressive Christianity of the spiritual life. The address was followed by the hymn " Come, Holy Ghost, our Hearts Inspire," after which the Rev, W. C. Robinson engaged In Prayer. The Rev. Mr. Ross next gave an earnest address. He said that thoso attend- ing the meetings were seeking not only to bless each other by their presence together, but to try all means that lay in their power to advanoe the cause of Christ by winning souls to Jesus. "Spirit of Holiness, Descend," was then sung. A prayer by the Rev. J. White followed, after which the Rev. J. Scott gave the concluding address, in whioh he stated that all felt that they had accepted a great obligation in inaugurating the revival meetings. It was needful, first of all, to set themselves right with God before entering upon the work. More was needed than the enthusiasm that was engendered in a public meeting. It was needful that they Bhould search out what in them in the past had been amiss ; and it was necessary ta strive and form proper conceptions of the work to which they addressed thomsolvos. He urged all to unite in the great aim of bringing their fellow creatures to the orosa of Christ. Another hymn was afterwards sung, aud the Rev. Dr. Nicolson closed the meeting with a short prayer. This evening a service will be held in the upper schoolroom, attached to the Melville-street Chapel ; and at a quarter past seven o'clock on Sunday even in the Town Hall. Another meeting of the same character will bo held on Sunday evening at the Town Hall. THE VAL VOSE TROUPE AT THE TOWN HALL. The above favourite troupe appeared again to a tolerably large audience at the Town Hall last night, and in the various parts of which its ad- mirable entertainment is composed each performer acquitted his and her task in a manner to elicit tim repeated plaudits of the spccta.tqrq, Yal Vote and tho funny friends wl\pra ho introduced to the audience were as amusing and successful as over ; and Natator excited the wonder of all by his unparalleled feats under water ; while Madame Lyons and Mr. Saunders made a decided hit in their little duet. The company will give a grand mid-day per- formance to-day, under the patronage of His Excel lency the Governor and Mrs. Weld and family, and as this will be their last appenrance in Hobart Town, prior to their departure, we have no doubt that thoy will draw a crowded house. The per- formance is to commence at 3'o'clock, but the d,Qorg will bo open at half-past 2, so as to avoid any un- necessary iiioonvoiiieiioû in obtaining scats. EXPORTATION OK PURE STOCK.- Tho barque Southern Cross, that sails to day for Lyttelton, has been fitted for the reception of a valuable ship- ment of stock, consisting of fifteen heavy draught mares, and three entires selected by Mr, Thomas Dowling of Canterbury, New Zealand, from the beat breeders in the colony. The animals are intended by Mr. Dowling for the improvement of his stock, One of the entires is an Arab, descended from the renowned Hadjil B,aba, who will still be remembered by all breeders here. This animal is very handsome and tractable, and if lauded safety will prove a great acquisition to our sister colony. The draught mares are a credit to any country, aud prove, that Tasmania has some of the right stamp, left, If breeders would give attention to the production of such nnjinals there would be a market for any nobber in the neighbouring colonies, and Tasmania is specially adapted far breeding purposos. The stallions, two fino specimens of the draught breed, were bred by Mr. Robert Archer, of Longford, and purer bred animals could not he had in England, as the pedigree shows the best imported blood on each side, It ia to be hoped that the animals will arrive at their destination without any casualty. AN IMPUDENT ROBIIEIIY.- Somo petty pilferers seem to find the shop of Mr. Peter Jones, the Chinese vendor of miscellaneous goods, in Elizabeth-street, a lucrative place for pursuing their calling. Some time ago Mr. JOIIOB lost some of his goods, and last night someone purloined two tins of lollies off the counter. The robbery was a most barefaced one, from the fact that it must have been committed almost under the eyes of tho owner of the property, and while numbers of people were passiug the shop. MARINE BOARD TENDERS.-The Marine Board have accepted the tender of Mr. H. Chesterman for the supply of piles for building the Now Wharf at the foot of Argyle-streot. Tho piles are to be of blue gum. The following parties tendered : MesBi-s. Lucas, H. Chesterman, R. C. Grubb, J. E. RiBhy, J. C. Judd, and Facy, Hay, and Co. Messrs. Lucas and Facy, Hay, and Co. withdrew their tenders. INDISCREET MAMIIAGKH.-<< Marry In haste and I repent at leisure " is an old aphorism, but a very true one. Constantly illustrations of it crop up around us, and we hear painful stories that in no way concern us, and that ought novor to escape the threshold. ? Of late our Police Magistrate in such cases has assumed more the role of a counsellor than that of a judicial functionary, and, if we mistake not, IIÍR advice has been much more oflcctivo than the infliction of a penalty. Yesterday morning a very young couple brought their disputes into Court for settlement, tho wife charging her husband with battery. Mr. Moriarty, who appeared for the defendant, suggested that tho summons should be withdrawn, and that defendant should be put on his good behaviour. To this tho complainant, who appeared to feel the pain of having to come into court, at once assented ; and Mr. Tarleton gave the young pair a piece of quiet warning. Ho pointed out to thom that no doubt there wero faults on both sides, and it waB better thnt they should learn to bear and forboar with one another, as married people must, than make all their private differences (¡uqwi) to the world. Speaking to tho defendant, Mr. Tarleton added that any person who lifted his hand to a woman innst bo 'to a gi oat extent a coward, and ho hoped that, if he (defendant) had done that to his wife, ho would guard against repeating the oll'eneu in future. The parties then loft the Court, apparently reconciled ; and, it is to be hoped, benefited by thoir early experiences of law, . M.U.I.O.O.F.-The half-yearly meeting^of tho Tasmanian Star District was held in the Loyal Southern Star Lodge-room on Wednoaday evening last ; present, J. W. Johnson, i'.G.M, ; J. Langford, P.P.U.M. ; and Geo. Strutt, P.C.S., and Delegates from the various Lodges. Tho report, with the balance-sheet, was submitted, showing that while tlioy had boen called upon to discharge some heavy liabilities, tho funds wera steadily increasing. The nomination for district officers, proposed alterations of lawB, and othor businoss, being disposed of, the meeting was closed. The committee then adjourned to partake of au oxcellont spread, provided by Hostess Screen, to which ample justico was done. At tho conclusion a presentation was made to 'P.P.G.M. Chesterman, of tho Franklin Lodgo, of a liandBome certificate, neatly framed and glazed, in recognition of his services as a District oflicor, Tho P.G.M., In presenting it, spoko highly of his zeal, ovincod at all times iii the cause of Odd Fellowship. The recipient made an appropriate reply. This being the first oflicor that has passed through the District from that lodgo, ho, with tho members, may justly bo proud. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION,-Tondors will be recoived by the soorotary, until noon of Monday next, the 7th ¡nat., from mombora of tho association only! for providing the pdblio dinner at tho forthcoming anniversary celebration, Tvi'iiuitAyiiioAL SOCIETY.-A mooting of printers will'bo held at the Working Mun's Club, at bait 'past seven o'clock this evening, for tho purpose of I tunning a typographical society. INHUFFIOIKNTLY STAMPED.-Mr. John Weatherley, Gipps Land ; Mrs, Juli» Weatherley, Gipps Land. *. i . ' LIFE ASSURANCE.-A leoture on the principles and practice of life assurance, embracing explanation of the new regulations and bye-laws of the Austra- lian Mutual Provident Society, will be delivered by the travelling agent, Mr. C. Fletoher, at the Assembly Rooms, Green Ponds, on Friday evening, the lltb inst. THE CHIEF JUSTICE.-Yesterday's Chronicle says : -" It is usual whenever either of the Judges, or indeed any gentlemen of high official position, visit Launceston, to make a trip on the Western Railway line before they proceed to the metropolis. As the whole of the Supreme Court civil .business was completed on Tuesday, and the criminal sittings did not commence until Thursday, His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Smith, mode a trip to Deloraine on Wednesday morning, and moved about that township until the midday train left, when he returned to town by it. Mr. George Browne, judges' associate, accompanied by Mr. George Smith, deputy-sheriff, proceeded by the moraine train to Longford, and by invitation from Mr. W. H. D. Archer, of Brickendon, had an excellent day's shooting." CHARGE AOAINST MR. PETERS.-Yesterday's Chronicle says :-At the Police Court on Thursday morning, before the Police Magistrate, Thomas Mason, Esq., James Peters - was charged, on the information of Mr. George Horne, one of the trustees in his insolvent estate, with having illegally pledged certain goods during the time he was carrying on business with Mr. Barnard, under the title of Peters, Barnard, and Co., and within four months of the bankruptcy of the firm. Mr. Rocher appeared to support the information, and Mr. Byron Miller, assisted by Mr. G. T. Collins, appeared for the accused. The charge was laid uuder the 34th Viet., No. 33, commonly known as the " Debtors' Act." An application for the postponement of the hearing of the case on the ground of the illness of Mr. Rocher, the prosecuting counsel, was at first objected to by the Police Magistrate, on the ground that there was not suffi- cient before him to hold Air. Peters to bail, but eventually on Mr. Horne being placed in the box, and stating that one of the specific charges was pledging flour obtained from Mr. J. Taylor, with Mr. J. Milligan, the postponement was allowed. Mr. Miller objected strongly against the course pursued, as his client was now charged with embezzlement after the long period of nine months had elapsed since the last examination under the bankruptcy, and that no specific charge was alleged | against him. Thoy were perfectly in the dark (Mr. Miller flaid) as to what they had to meet. Bail waa allowed for Mr. Peters' appoaranoe, him- self in £200, and two responsible sureties of £100 each. EDUCATION IN NEW ZEALAND.-According to the Creswick Advertiser a teacher who lately left Victoria and settled in Now Zealand writes : " Wo had sixty-eight applicants from Victoria for the Timaru Bohool. A Mr. Reynolds, from Tas- mania, was successful in getting the appointment. As regards education, Victoria has nothing to boast of as compared with New Zealand. Here the range is wider, and the examinations for teachers higher than Victoria. The schools are bettor, and to each school there is a teacher's residence. The Timaru school is somewhat- exceptional, but the teacher's residence attached to it is to have twelve rooms, and to cost £1,300. This is a splendid country, and I do not regret coming here." 