CLIPPINGS. . ' t '?! OnoWN JEWELS OF FIIANOE.-The Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph writes t-' " The Crownjew.els of prance ljuve returned to us. At the turriof the war they were secretly despatcltedto IJnglnnd/ and; only5 recently was it judged enfo to recall them, In number, ao< cording1 to t$6 inventory made for kouiaXVTIL, llioy wore! already04,812, weighing f 18,751 cavats, of £887,000 value. Since that tittle pvo- . cious Btoneahavo risen euormouslyin price, and tlie.l^te Emporor added to his treasures.; The crown of France, in which is set the 1 Regent1 diamond and 5,360 - -other jewels,;wa8 valued at <6810,000 half a, een(ury. ago. The other famous diamond," tlie 'Ssincy,' Is set in the First Emperor's sword,, a nicknack priced , at. near £11,000. . A plagiie in brilliauts of the Order of the Holy Ghost is calculated at £16,000. The Crown jewels of France were stolen on August 10, 1792, by a bnnd of forty thieves', who climbed the lamp-posts and broke through a win dow of the gem-iiouso. A poor wretch was guillotined'for this offence, whereof lie was per* fectly innocent; but ono guiltless head more or less made small difference id 1792. The jewels' were all found in the attio of a house situated in the Champs Elysces, but how thoy got there, and how tlie police heard of them, » n mystery to this day/' A TIMEIJY MAIUUAOE. - The marriage of Lorenzo Day and Miss Martha Week is thus poetically referred to- ., " A Day is made, a Week is lost', But we should not complain ;; There'll soon be little Days enough To make the week again." 11 TALL "WALKING. "-The Nm York Turf, Field, and Farm, ol Decenibor 25, announces the accomplishment by Mr. Edward Payson Weston of the feat of walking 500 miles in six copsecutiVe days. The walking. took place at the Rink, Newark, New Jersey, Mr. Weston commenced on Monday,' December 14, and con cluded on Saturday, December 10. Ou the first day he walked 115, on the second 75, on the third 80, on the fourth,80, on the fifth 75, and on the sixth 75 miles. DIAMONDS FROM SUGAR.-A Fronch chemist has so far succeeded in his experiments as to lmve reasonable hopes of producing nt least black diamonds if not colourless ones, from sugar. He has already obtained a carbon cylinder hard enough to cut glass, by exposing the perfectly burned sugar to a temperature of 1800 degrees Fahrenheit, in a closed vessel without access of air. It will be an interesting development, as far as regards the production of sugar yielding^ crops if this experimenter shall succeed fully in his designs, and cane and beets como to be grown with a view to their final transformation into diamonds. IT took five days to obtain a jury to try the notion which Mr. Theodore Tilton has brought against the Itev. Mr. "Ward Beecher. Each person before ho was allowed to be sworn was examined and cross-examined in order that it might bo ascertained whether he had any or no opiuions at all on the scandal which has so long infected New York, and after this process had been gone through, both sides exercised their right of peremptory challenge. The twelve men having at last been obtained, the papers publish minute descriptions of the personnl appearance of each one-complexion, color of eyes and hair, whether determiued- lookiug or the reverse, his business) place of abode, &c;< SOME married men 'hhve' a hard time bf it< A man noticed that his yropd pile was getting beautifully less by' the 'assistance of his neigh bours, and BO he-charged several 8tioks;witk'. guupi^dfjjy IJJ complete iporai\c,e:pf: this, his, faithful wife puttwp of these lqad^d stjicks into the kitchen jstove,! apdibegan, toMfc.breakfast, In about "ten thiiiutes she started, ,out through the ,fpp of, the .house, in company with a frying .pan.'. a .B^ins of sausages, and several, other kitchen articles. Now she ,is, trying to, get a divorce from her husband and notningwill con* vince her that he,did,not try to ^ill her. He things that his experiment was not a complete 81109688) . ', ? BEAW PHOTOGRAPHY.- A little time back there was ushered - into the reception room of a photographer's establishment in Edinburgh,1 one fine forenoon, a respectable-looking but rather quaintly dressed country-woman, with ,'a tolerably large basket on her arm. She seemed a little perturbed as she looked round at the rather elegantly * furnished room)-but the genial manners of our friend soon put her. at her ease, although shecould not be prevailed j on to Bjtdown, deolariug " sic grand chairs were no' 'made for the like o1 me. After a fey pre., lim'inary, observations regarding the weather, thq following conversation einsued :-^u I fyear you're, a, braw . photographer, and 1 can',v m.ak'', grand' {icturesin' tfeed if ye drey? a' that's on the wa' am thinkin'.ye'r e'n better than I'ye been telt, Nop, sir^ I'm wantin .ye to do,me a great favor, for which ^'11 pay vq well, for I'm ho.majfbe sae pnir.as I look. Ye ihau^ kenthati'Tve ji sor, a real bonny lad, an' he's just. .the pride. ,o' jay life; an' I want ye to'mak' a picture' o' 1 im to comfo^ me when he's, farawa.' He'siow'r sax, ,'feet high, wi' fine blueeenand brown, curly (h'niv, ;ati* oheeks like. rqsesT-in faoft,, just the,' b^t-looking lad in a'tl^e cbuntiy side,1 If yo'll just draw 1^8,pictur'!for me,' I'll ,pay, ye; wliaji*' . ev«rye ohairge,. and,M, opening her. 'basket, 'M here's .three dojieh new-laid ,eggs an' . a pair P1 finest' chuokies' into the bargain' " Well, my 'gobd;w6raari, I shall.do my beBfc to ftei ^ gbod 'likeness.of your soni but.there, was.po necessity for.bringingthe, eggs, apdfowls.' Justseijdhim '' up'at biice, and yoit may take home the ^picture with you tp.night.'',, "Send tynfup I Eh, dear slr'^he's awa'm Austrawlia i" , ' :! lNCONvisNIENOEEi OF A SHOnT MEMORY, Mr. Oooley's memory is exceedingly trdaoiieroUB, and it often, gets; him, into trouble. The other night lie iyas at' a .party at.'Smith'fl, and while, the.company sat round'the supper, table'Cooley 'suddenly conoluded that he would ejeot a conun drum he had he$rd somewhere, and so, in an' jnteryal ot eilenc'6, he said, " Ive got e pretty good opnundrum. I'd like you to. guess. Can anybody tell me why a druggist who keeps his bottles downstairs is like a certain kind of inusicjan P" Everybody at once began to guess, the answer, and Oooley sat there for a moment smiling. Presently, however, he thought he would get the answer ready in order, to give,it, , and to liis intense alarm found tha.t he had forgotten it.., .The company gave it lip one after the other, and as; they qid so each one aslped, Cooley what ,the answer, w«8« At? Inst he ex*, claimed-" The-ah-the-ah-the fact is that r-^ttye affair-that,is. the, conundrum-th^whple. thiug, 'pori honour,'Is a joke. There lis, no answef.fo.jt .'ppfl hpnoutv', Then everybody said, they, didn't .see any(<lung very amusing about jokes of suclj ,a, qharacter, and Smith frowned j while Qpoley MMd, man next tpliis neigh .Wjjy'ipjr Tjien ', Cooley ,rose, siidd^Jy f^Qm. the kble and bolted o^t through jthe, |rpnj; .(fyo'r, two houw afterwards, ^hi}e.tlJie,,-w/js fy ted,' he all . at once ,j;emembered,i ,,thet pswer, and fie in* i stantly arose and went round t,o Spiith's.. After ringing the dopr pel^ for half ah,hour, pld Smith' put liis head put, of., hjs he<Jr°°m TOdpw., |f I ^uMVQppley^MIjkjipwitf it'.Js! beoause. he a \ Yial-}ri*c$}ar'f' Smith 'shjit the, ' widow with a sjam and.went baok to bed. A?id, . '.nofy.tlje Cooleys .don't speak to- this Smiths, rind. old Copley carries the answers to. Mp ponuji*,' . drums wtrltteiii ^p'n^ his shirtcuffs .,^?n.,)iip gom ## wmj$»y.' so >s tp be pertf^'tl/fit, V wjl jhave, tliera .fyjien they- are wanfe^rr/f^m MP*': . years ago, when:David Crockett,.was a member of Cbiigressrand' had returnedjto his cou8titiiei)ts aftpf his first session, a ,''a natiqn" , of. them .surrounded him one day,; and began to .interrogate liim about Washington, VWhat time: 40 they dine at Washington, Colonel P." asked one, ", Why," eald he, " common people, : ,euch: as' ypu, here,, ,ge|.; their dinners at one o'clook, biit t)ie gentry an4 big.un? diijp at three, As for the Representatives we dine at four 5 and ; the. ariBtooracy and .the Senate, they don't get . tlieir yltiials till five/',; V. Well,i >yhen does flie ', (Presidentfpdder P!',., asked,,: apother, ; ," Old Hickory P" exoliiimed the colouel, attempting to .appoint.a,timo,in accordance witt the.dignity of , the. etatiom.. " Old Hickory P.well he do.n't aine, tilt next day,";' | , j. j,,'-'/ # , ;', HIGH LIFE BELOW, Stairs,-Mistress' of the house-" I've sbmo importaritiiejiteiiiil want taken to the post, Progmore 5. ,havp you finished dinner downstairs: yetP" Butler-".Not yet, mum : the, ' ongtrays' is just argoiu' in," Punch, . . v; 