CHRISTIAN DOGMA: HOW FAR AFFECTED BY MODERN HOSTILE CRITICISM. The following- lecture, entitled, ' How far does Modern Hostile Biblical Criticism affect Christian Dogma,' the second of a series under the auspices of the young Men's Christian Association, was delivered in the Masonic Hall, on Monday night, by the Rev. Dr. Barry. There was a very large attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. Alexander Stuart, M.L.A., and on the platfoim were the Revs. Dr. M'Gibbon, Canon H. King, ' Daniel Allen, W. Curnow, — Symond, J. A. Stuait, J. Barnier, R. Sellots, Dr. White, W. Gar diner, and Rev. Mr. Kinross (Principal of St. Andrew's ?College); Hon. John Frazcr, M.L.C.,Mr. Joseph Faxton, _t. P.. ftnii Dr. Moffit. The rev. Lecturer, after being introduced by the Chair jt.an, said: — I think it an honour to have been asked to .-hare in this work of examining the effect of the attacks of modern unbelief on the hitherto impregnable citadel of the Christian faith ; and, while cheerfully obeying the summons, I feel that, unless our cause was indeed of God, we might well tremble at the immense advantage the attackers have -over the defenders. In all combats it is the same : the as saulters can choose their mode, and time, and place of attack; if repulsed at one place, and by one mode, with one kind of weapon, they can shift their ground and change their methods ; and if still unsuccessful, they can harass and wear out the garrison, already overworked by other labours. Now our citadel has been attacked for 1800 years, and the giants of tho past have assailed its walls in vain ; but tho pigmies of to-day shake their tiny fists against it and call us to the combat. Now we are men upon whom heaw duties weigh arid fill our thoughts and time. Like Nehemiah building the wall, we are doing a great work — we cannot always come down, lest the work cease. But these others— Negationalists — they have nothing to do but shout and mock, like the servants of Sennacherib, to the people on tho wall. So far as the belligerents are human, the battle is not equaL We build with one hand and have only one for the sword; but the cause is of God,- and we . doubt not the issue. ' Then spake tho Consul Auius, He spake a bitter jest : ! Odcc the jays sent a message Unto the eagle's nest,— Now yield thee up thine eyrie Unto the carrion kite, 1 Or come forth valiantly and meet The jays in deadly fight. ; Forth looked in wrath the eagle ; And carrion kite and jay, I Soon as they saw his beak and claw, Fled screaming far away.' Believing this to he the issue of the great controversy, I come to my part in these lectures without any distrust of : the great principle vindicated at the Reformation — that of private judgment and liberty, nay even license of opinion. I accept it without reserve, and I hold that it is only out of the shock of the conflict of opinions freely discussed and examined, and tested, that the truth can even tually prevail; I should be ashamed to cherish a dogma guarded from all question, in the fear that questioning would destroy it ; this would simply prove my own distrust of it, and belief in this case would be impossible. 1 am to speak of criticism of the Bible. I trust the Bible, and welcome the criticism. I am to speak of Christian dogmas. I believe the dogma is stronger than the critic; otherwise, | believe me, I could not stand where I do. I will go further. I havo much sympathy with the honest sceptic— a man who modestly uses his reason and his knowledge to find out truth — although I feel much con tempt for the blatant fool who ignorantly flings about fire brands, arrows, and death, and says ' Am I not in sport ?' A vast amount of the so-called scepticism of the day is only empty bombast; a thing which is not really the outcome of reason and conviction at all. At the approach of death we see it proving its unreality by abject fear and more abject superstition— the man who pretended disbelief in tho atonement of Christ facing death with the reliance in a priest's absolution or viaticum. Not long ago a well known gentleman in Sydney, somewhat unfortunate in his appeal to the constituencies, in a published letter proclaimed himself an unbeliever in the revealed religion of the Bible, and yet desired that he could be a believer, and deliberately sent his children to a Roman Catholic school, he said, for the very purpose of learning to believe what he know to be false. This kind of unbelief is contemptible. It is not the love of truth that actuates such men. Can they possibly wish to teach their children what they think is a lie ? And yet you will find the vast majority of deniers disprove their rationalism upon this test being applied. We can afford to leave them out of the question — at least, they are not of the stuff that martyrs are made. But the real sceptics — the inquirers who will buy the truth and sell it not, and be loyal to it, at whichever side the balance turns — these are the men who command my respect, and I think they have done good service to Christianity and to the Bible, however hostile their criticism may have appeared. Their severe sifting has separated the grain from the chaff — the spirit and life from tho traditional dross — has in many cases evoked strong confirmation of the records ; in many cases corrected misconceptions, and guided us to true uses and interpretations ; in some cases left us questions to be solved. But what I maintain to-night is this, that this so-called hostile criticism has not touched with the slightest point of its foil the thing for which this revelation purports to be given — the dogmas of the Christian faith ; the thing summed up by St. Paul when he said, 'I am ready to preach the Gospel to you that are at Rome also ; for I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth — to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.' ' The dogmas of the Christian faith ! ' Christianity is certainly based on dogma, or doctrine; she connects her purest morality with articles of belief, and these are related necessarily as cause and effect. The dogmas of the Christian faith, I say, are untouched. And this word Christian faith is emphatic, for I care nothing to preserve from the inevitable burning the wood — hay — stubble, which the various Churches have piled during many ages on the original foundation. If hostile criticism stirs up the fire for consuming these, so much the better for the Christian faith; for this burns, and is not consumed. Hostile criticism at the Reformation set in clearer light Christian dogma, by the destruction of vast heaps of rubbish of Church dogmas and popular supersti- tions. Let it go on and prosper in its proper work, for the information is not complete. Like the walls of a fenced city after a careless peace, our defences have been encumbered by the intrusion of unauthorized buildings and hiding places for the enemy; whatever hand clears them away and leaves the original walls free will leave us invincible. Now what is this Christian faith ? We are familiar with three symbols or creeds ; as those called the Apostles', the Nicene, and the Athanasian. But we must remember that those three forms purport only to be symbols — not summaries of Christian dogma — that is, they express the result of a controversy on some points in debate, fining the terms in which they were decided ; but in all cases the debate was referred for decision to the New Testament. In the earlier councils the Fathers actually put the volume of the New Testament in the chair to preside ; and to this day, in the articles of the Church of England, while the sixth' says that Holy Scrip- ture containeth all things necessary to salvation, the three creeds are only to be believed because they are agreeable to Holy Writ. But neither Nicene Council nor Church of England is infallible in its inferences from Holy Writ, therefore we are sent back to the original authority, and the New Test- ment is the sole authoritative deposit of the faith. Let me not be mistaken. I do not here at all assume the in- spiration nor the infallibility of the Bible, or even the New Testament. Take it simply as any other book — suppose it fallible and imperfect — still no critic will deny that it con tains the record of the belief of the people who were called Christians, and propagated the faith of Christ. We have, indeed, several undoubted letters of one of the Apostles (St. Paul) to different Churches at Rome, at Corinth, at Ephesus, &c.;, detailing the essential articles of that faith and going back to within a few years of its origin, and taking for granted their necessary belief in them as Christians. By these we stand or fall We are not Bibliolaters, the worshippers of a book, We believe of that New Testament that which John says of his Gospel — ' These are written that ye should believe on the name of the Son of God, and that believing ye should have life, through His name.' For any other purpose the book is not necessary to us, and tho criticism of any portion of it, however destructive, if not destructive of this essen tial thing, touches us not. It may serve to make us reconsider some ancient inter pretation — to correct the translation of some Hebrew or Greek verb — to search anew for the real animal meant where we have been mistaken in the fauna of Palestine— to try for new solutions of arithmetical difficulties : and it may leave us on these and many other side questions still unresolved; but all this may be, and the Christian faith remain com pletely free of injury. This criticism concerned itself first with the Old Testa ment, and determined that it must be unhistorical. It so happened that the history was of such a nature as to render it peculiarly liable to exposure at a hundred points, if it were untrue, when once the enterprise and curiosity of this cen tury began to penetrate the mysteries of empires and people long since passed away. The history of Israel in the Bible touches in many places that of Egypt, Assyria, Moab, Edom, Tyre and Sidon, Phoenicia, Babylon, Medea, Persia, Macedon, Rome. Records have leaped to light con cerning these monarchies. Egyptian hieroglyphs have been deciphered ; Moabite inscriptions have been read ; Assyrian sculptures and their legends have been exhumed. They have touched here and there the very records of our Old Testament. When they have done so, the names of the kings and the events have, corresponded in a wonderful manner, and in no instance have they issued in discredit to the Bible history. Even incidentally one account throws light on the other by completion or continuance of the story; but suppose for a moment that they did not issue in con fiimation, would it have been very wonderful that the account of the Jewish historian or that of the Heathen oppressor should have differed ? What events are related alike in the histories of rival nations? The Russian accounts of the Crimean war claim for tlieir countrymen every victory but one of the whole war, and that one was ' said to be 'gained neither by English nor French. The British differ somewhat in their history of that affair. It is not, however, my business to-night to press this. My present argument is this : Suppose some record leaped to light which absolutely demonstrated the unhistorieal character of those events. What then? Does the New Testament anywhere quote those records as a foundation for Christian dogma ? Did Christ or His apostles connect the Gospel with them in such a way that the latter would cease to be true if tho former were not correct. ? I believe those events are veritable history, and I am satisfied what is known of the inscriptions confirms them ; but I am not con cerned with their truth so far as the defence of the Christian faith is concerned. This stands upon ground entirely independent, has its own history, and its own evidence. A great deal of ingenuity has been wasted on arithmeti cal difficulties in records so ancient as those of the Penta teuch. The seed of Jacob who went down to Egypt were seventy persons, and yet at the Exodus, 215 years after wards, they were 2,000,000. Of course, when one wants to make the most of figures it is easy to do so. Figures in all very ancient books which have passed through the hands of thousands of successive copyists are never to be relied on; the removal of a point might effect astonishing changes. The three texts, Hebrew, Samaritian, and Septuagint, differ by many centuries. It is confessed that an uncertainty remains as to whether 430 years is not the period, not 215, and it is quite certain that these seventy persons went, down not unattended, each family numbering many retainers, and the chiefs, like Abraham, with his 400 trained servants capable of arms, representing three times tbat number of both sexes and all ages. Instead of seventy progenitors the story makes 5000 more probable. A little common sense, a little fair play, and a little less zeal in dis covering or inventing difficulties would easily set such matters right. But again, I ask, suppose the numbers are all unarithmetical, how does it concern the Christian faith ? A peculiar system of speculative criticism has been adopted with reference to the Pentateuch — an arbitrary rule or test is set up a priori by the critic, and he measures and judges every thing by that. This they call by a plea sant kind of arrogance 'the higher criticism.' Eichorn and De Wette and several eminent Germans have taken up this idea. Our own Colenso has simply followed or trans lated them into English. They find the terms Elohim or Jehovah used as the names of God. They assume, then, without any sufficient proof, that the diversity of these titles implies a diversity of authors and even of dates. They find that to carry out this view they have to dislocate chapters, verses, sentences. They find that even so The text cannot be made to square with the theory. So much the worse for the text. So they have no hesitation in altering it so as to introduce the terms which they think ought to be there. And thus they divide the Book of Genesis amongst these two or three or several authors in the most arbitrary way. It is somewhat amusing to find Colenso elaborately prov ing that Samuel was the great inventor or introducer of the name 'Jehovah.' 'Elihu' was Samuel's greatgrand father. Elihu is El Jehovah. The higher criticism enables man to originate the name of his own ancestor. But what is the general result ? The rule stultifies itself — and the higher criticism lands its masters in utter con fusion. Garbett, in his Boyle lecture for 1861, sums up their labours thus : ' Taking four masters of the higher criticism, Astruc, Eichorn, Ilgin, and Gramberg, and com paring the results at which they have separately arrived as to the Book of Genesis, the result is, that all four are agreed only as to the authorship of ninety-three verses out of the 1533 that comprise the book, and there are only 330 on which any three of the four are unanimous ; or, taking five writers of the some school in its latest developments, there are only two chapters out of fifty upon the authorship of which they agree with each other. The results are such as might be expected from the uncertainty of the principles from which they are gained. It is difficult to find language adequate to express the vanity of such a criticism.' Then, there is a great point made of the unscientific character of the account of the Creation in the 1st chapter of Genesis. I have seen it argued as a thing fatal to revealed religion that God created light four whole periods before He made the sun. Now, Genesis does not say that God created light in the first peried, but ' let there be light' — let the world have the light hitherto shaded probably by vapours, and the Hebrew does not speak of God in the fifth period creating the sun, but ' constituting ' it as the light given of the earth — a furthur clearance of the vapours having been effected. Surely, as a scientific fact, he would be pronounced very rash who proclaimed his ignorance by ridiculing even the idea of light existing before the sun. If there be anything at all in the nebular theory, that priority is taken for granted. All through they take up childish and obsolete traditionary meanings, long since corrected by increased knowledge : and forcing these stupid interpreta tions as the text they make the text and not the interpreta tions responsible. If our fathers hundreds of years ago in their ignorance believed the expanse above them to be a solid vault, in which the sun, moon, and stars were stuck, and therefore translated the word 'firmament' — why, these critics insist that we must do so still, merely, it appears, because it would injure the account, which is perfectly innocent of the error, and this principle they carry out everywhere. The better knowledge and keener eye of the 19th century are to be denied to the friendly critic who studies to understand his Bible, but to be used and abused to the utmost by tho hostile critic in its attempted destruction. But surely, a wise man, even a sceptic, will pause and say :—' Halt! Before we begin to assail a passage as unscientific, we must first use all the means we have to discover what it really intends to convey. Otherwise our adverse criticism only destroys the tradition, not the text: and if for 'more light,' all the discoveries of research, of learning, of science, of history, are freely used as weapons of offence against the Bible, these are equally legitimate when used by us to correct old mistranslations— to rectify errors.' Our adversaries seem entirely to forget this, that what ever advantages the age has won are ours as well as theirs. The arms of precision belong to the defence as well as to the attack. They act like some foolish general who, having provided his whole army with' Martinis and rifled cannon, insisted on his enemy using only the old brown Bess or the smooth-bore. For the sake of argument we consent to meet them on equal ground, and as they insist on the human element in the Scriptures, we accept that element and reason on it; but no ! they will not have it — they may, but we may not. But why not? Only for this reason, that this human ele ment, while entirely compatible with the Divinity of Revela tion, obviates the objections, so constantly urged by those who most insisted on that very humanity. Take that magnificent oriental battle-song of Deborah, after the hated oppressor was smitten by the hand of a woman, and the people long enslaved, free once more, were mad with the first frenzy of victory. Admit the treachery of Jael's deed, according to our modern customs of war (for at that time it would have been held perfectly in role) . But once admit the human element— the oriental human poem, in the heat of victory — the remembrance of the cruel bondage in which the people were even murdered while fetching water at the wells — I say it is more than explained, and I say that Deborah would not be Deborah if her song had been less trenchant or more scrupulous— ' Blessed above woman shall Jael the wife of Heber he,' only remember to be dramatically true. These are the words of Deborah, not of God. God had with the calm of omnipotence promised Deborah the victory — with a few slaves against overwhelming strength of chariots, and horses of their long victorious lords — and the woman, excited beyond control by the grandeur of the occasion, poured out her soul in im passioned song. Is it human — is it natural — is it just for any cold-blooded critic of to-day by his fireside to apply to such a war song the rules of mere didactics ? . The men and women of whom we read in Scripture are real men and women — not bloodless marionettes They are . true to nature, not stage heroes. The human blood — the Eastern blood, boils in the tumult of battle, throbs with the pulse-beats of passion, plays with the beautiful images of fancy — suggests the fervid hyperbole of poetry — but all this does not hinder God's message, which is revealed through all. It would be absurd to take up Tennyson or Byron, and insist on reading them as we would a scientific treatise ; but the Psalms of David, and the Poems of Isaiah, and the song of Deborah are in a strain of loftier poetry than they. But supposing all the critics have said of such things were true, and supposing they had first all agreed upon their verdict;— say that tho first chapter of Genesis cannot be reconciled in any way with science (science being first complete enough to be sure of itself, and fixed) ; say that it was merely a transcript of the Egyptian cosmogony, which in many parts it really much resembles ; say that Deborah's commendation of Jael was immoral ; say that no rational account can be given of that impassioned appeal of Joshua for the prolongation of the day, to give him time to slaughter his enemies, and of the quotation from the Book of Jasher which poetically describes that prolongation, ' Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon;' say that not one, but two or three hands, or many, at different dates, wrote the Pentateuch, well, what then ? What have you done ? Is there any demand of Christianity in the New Testa ment which is at all affected by these concessions ? We have ' the Gospel ' preached with the utmost, plain ness by the Apostles, but those things were never said to be part of it. Five thousand, three thousand, and other mul titudes have it preached to them by Peter, and embrace it ; and when they call out, ' Men and brethren, what shall we do ?' the answer is, ' Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and ye shall receive remission of your sins.' The gaoler at Philippi likewise asks': ' What must I do to be saved ?' The answer is : ' Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved;' and every message is to the same effect. But certainly no precept or dogma in the New Testament implies or expresses a necessity for believing the exact propriety of Joel's slaughter of Sisera, nor the accuracy as a matter of fact, of the arrest of the whole solar system at the command of Joshua, nor the production of Genesis by one author, nor tho chronology of the Hebrew, the Samaritan, or the Septuagint versions of tho Bible. In fact, should critics continue to mangle all they like of such things, the Christian's faith is quite above the turmoil — ' to me to live is Christ, and to die gain.' Our religion has over and over again been reproached because of its dogmatic character— that is for being funda mentally a religion which insists on the belief of certain doctrines revealed to us in the New Testament, all clus tering around tho person of Christ. Well, we accept the reproach, if it be one. This is precisely what our religion does require, and the Founder of it in every utterance, both in spirit, and letter, asserted Himself as having authority to make Himself and His doctrines the test by which we shall be judged at the last day, and a belief in Him the grand criterion of everlasting life. If, in the assertion of Himself thus, in addition to the authority with which He spake. He vouchsafed to call the attention of the Jewish people to their own familiar Scripture, to passages which could have no menning, unless they pointed to the Messiah, and at the same time showed them in Himself the proofs of Messiah ship ; if, in short, He bids them search the Scriptures, for they are they that testified of Him ; and if the Apostles afterwards could say of Him, that all the prophets gave witness of Him, they prove the confirmation which the Old Testament gives to what, even without it, would be irre fragable. But none of them ever makes any part of the ancient prophecies, still less of history, or of cosmogony, of Joshua's alleged miracles, or of Israel's numbers, or of Ussher's chronology, or of Moses' hexahemeron, any part or parcel of the necessary dogmas of our religion. Things had been recorded in books called the Scriptures which were deemed by that people Divine. They were found to correspond in certain salient points with certain events connected with the facts on which the Christian re ligion is based — sometimes by mere illustration, sometimes by relation of significant type to antitype, sometimes by similitude of language, sometimes by actual fulfilment of prediction. They were quoted as aids to win the people's ear to the message of Christ, but they never form part of that message, and the faith is entirely unaffected by the view any one may take of a great portion of their contents. If in some of the' Psalms, as in some of the records of the wars of extermination in Palestine, the sanguinary usages of ancient times, rather than the milder Christian maxims, are conspicuous, the mildness, the love, the godly com passion, the lofty virtue is that which is enjoined by Christ, and that alone. If modern civilization (as our opponents assert) protests against those sangui nary uses, Christianity protests more. Nay, we say more : we say that it was Christianity which for the most part taught civilization its protest. If you say that those ancient usages included slavery or the ownership of one man by another, and that the Bible does not either in the Old or New Testament expressly forbid that impiety,— well, I might answer that cvon in the Old this ownership, if allowed within certain limits, yet was by Jewish law restricted, and made less onerous than it was in the rest of the world, but that under the Christian religion it was made impossible that slavery could continue to exist where Christian dogma was held binding. That religion made all men equal before God — equally guilty and equally offered pardon. ' There was neither Jew nor Greek, cir cumcision nor uncircumcision, barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free, but Christ is all and in all.' Many indeed call ing themselves Christians down to our own days made men slaves — had they known any better mask for their villany no doubt they would have adopted it. Whatever they called themseves, they would still have made slaves, but they did it, not in accordance with Christianity, but in despite of it Let any one take up St. Paul's Epistle to. Philemon and he will see the relations of Christianity to. slavery. It is sent to Philemon, the master; by the hand of his fugitive slave Onesimus, and, although fugitive, he is now to be received 'not as a slave but a brother beloved.' The formal profession of Christianity may have co-existed with slavery for many centuries afterwards, just as the same formal profession has co-existed with murder, adultery, arson, and a thousand crimes. But these all the Christian religion forbids, and wherever its spirit is struggles with and finally prevails. When a man wants to do any thing evil and to continue to do it without losing caste with society, in order to justify his crimes or facilitate their committal, he varnishes him self over with a thin lacquer of imitation Christianity, and this, whether he wants to keep slaves or merely, as we sometimes see, to swindle his too trusting clients, But why is this ? Because Christianity has, by its pure precepts and its determined hostility to wrong, won such a character that where it is known really to be, men's confidence is at once secured. Men would not take pains to wash base metal with gold unless gold itself were acknowledged to be precious, and the very existence of counterfeits is a proof of the value of sterling coin. When the sceptic then has exhausted all his ingenuity in criticising such matters in the Old Testament, even when he supposes that he touches its morality, I reply, all this presents subjects of much interest for investigation on in dependent grounds ; but unless the Christian religion-has adopted what you speak of as part of itself it remains not only victorious but unassailed. Now, it may be confidently affirmed that 99 per cent. of the stock arguments of so-called hostile Biblical critics fall upon Christianity thus utterly pointless and innocent. We simply stand erect and quench the fiery darts upon our shield. I admit and much regret that many of our orthodox divines have given the enemy an advantage, by arguing as if everything depends on what they had cavilled at. They act something like the Greeks of Homer, who fought as fiercely around the body of Patroclus as against the ram parts of Troy, although when that body was won by the besiegers the walls of the city were as strong as ever. Even the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry, a man whose enlightenedand liberal views generally command my admira tion — one of those who know under what obligation reason lays us, and are not afraid to let it work uncrippled by the - trammels of tradition and the sordid necessities of ' edifi cation' — even he, in his published sermons preached before tbe University of Oxford, uses the following, words : — 'Again, if the writings of the Old Testament be 'tho Scriptures ' referred to by our Lord and His apostles, we cannot but regard Christianity as answerable with its life (to use the expression of Archdeacon Paley) for the veracity of the statements and the soundness of the moral doctrines contained in it. For not only is the Christian religion based on the Jewish, but our Lord Jesus Christ has distinctly authenticated all the sacred books of the Jews. To cast discredit, then, on those books, or upon any portion of them, would be to impute either falsehood or ignorance to Him. It would be to sup pose either that He regarded with a superstitious reverence writings defaced with human errors and imperfections, ' or that, although He knew their real character, He, neverthe- less, quoted, referred to, and spoke of them as invested with a Divine authority, and entitled to implicit belief and sub mission. Either of these suppositions would be alike dis honourable to our Lord.' I stand amazed and alarmed at such an utterance from such a man, in the midst of such a contest as we wage to day. I am more alaimed by this kind of treatment of our cause than I am by all the direct efforts of the unbelievers. It seems to me like that resource of panic — despair — re- sorted to by the terrified Israelites when they brought down the ark of God into the battle and allowed it to be taken by the Philistines. May I ask on what authority can any one venture to say that ' the Lord Jesus Christ 'has distinctly authenticated all the sacred books of the Jews ?' or how could any possible discredit to any portion of them implicate our Lord? Is our Lord recorded to have authenticated the Song of Solomon? Esther? Job? Esra? Nehemiah? Proverbs ? Ecclesiastes ? the Books of Chronicles ? Did He authenti cate the Hebrew, the Syriac, or the Septuagint versions where they differed ? Did He set his imprimatur on the passage, ' An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth,' or upon the law of divorce as put forth in the Pentateuch,, which lie said Moses suffered for the hardness of their hearts, or did He, on the contrary, reverse each of them, and set Himself above them and against them? "It was said of old time, but I say unto you quite the contrary." When He treats them so, is it not plain that he thought some part of the books, which he called by their common name, 'Scriptures,' were 'defaced with human errors and imperfections,' and that, knowing this, he did not regard them with a superstitious reverence ? What sanction did he give to the slaughter and extermination of multitudes of women and children in Canaan, and of the enslavement of all the maidens in the Midianitish overthrow, of the devouring of tho little children for a mere jest at the hand of Elisha? His whole teaching and example rebukes and reverses them. Take an example: In the 2 Kings i., we have the King Ahaziah sending from Samaria successive bands of fifty soldiers with their captains to take Elijah, the prophet, and he causes them to be destroyed by fire. In Luke ix. we have another scene at Samaria. The Lord is rejected by a village of Samaritans, and the disciples. ask him, 'Lord, shall we command fire to come down, and consume them, as Elias did? Here, now, would be a crucial test whether the Lord felt himself at all bound to vindicate that Old Testament act — to stand or fall by it. His answer is : he rebukes them saying, ' Ye know not what spirit ye are of.' How then can it be said that Christianity must answer with its life for every thing bound up in those volumes, when the Lord himself did not hestitate sometimes to contradict them, and overrule even their positive precepts as well as their spirit ? Doubtless he quoted portions of them with great rever ence, and appealed to them where they testified of Him, which is their chief duty in our New Testament system. But to call a collection of books by the name of Scriptures, and to cite them by the form, ''it is written,' and to bid them be searched for a testimony to Himself, and to sum them up as they were commonly cited, under the titles, ' Moses, the Prophets, and the Psalms,' and to take the col lective canon as a sacred collection, is far from authenti cating every minute point of the contents ; so that an error in these would compromise His knowledge or His honesty. Both common sense and His own actions and words forbid it. Christianity 'answers with its life' for nothing like this. She answers with her life only for the doctrines and precepts which are part of herself, prescribed by her Founder and preached by his apostles. When these are found deficient she falls — while these remain intact she stands triumphant, whatever may happen to the ancient records. Meanwhile what is most Divine to us in those ancient books is their testimony to Christ and Christianity. ' To Him give all the prophets witness.' "The testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy." "We have found Him of whom Moses, and the Prophets; and Psalms did write: is not this the Christ?" And so we affirm with the apostle that they are able to make us wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus, and are profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.' In another portion of the same sermon the Bishop of Melbourne uses very sound words respecting those Scrip tures which so well express what I believe to be their true position and use, that I will here reproduce them. Speak- ing of certain ' portions wherein are related merely human sayings and human actions,' he says — ' They furnish many lessons of practical wisdom ; some for our example and encouragement; others for our admonition and warning; some drawn from the errors and infirmities of good men; others from the worldly wisdom of bad men ; some taught by God's dealings with the righteous, others by his dealings, with the wicked. But all these lessons wc are coramqul) left to deduce from them for ourselves. For although in some instances the Divine approval or condemnation is men tioned, in general the Scripture does not make any comment upon the sayings and doings which it records. Hence (and this is very important to be observed) there is in the inter pretation and application of the Scriptures abundant scope afforded for the exercise of human reason and conscience. Very often we are not informed whether, on a particular occasion, a servant of God spoke or acted by Divine inspira tion; and we must therefore judge of this for ourselves from the character of the person and the circumstances of the case. Very ofteu, again, there is no Scriptural author ity for pronouncing a certain event to be typical, or a cer tain saying to be prophetical ; and we must, therefore form our own opinion from the arguments which may be alleged on either side. And, once more, in determining the moral character of particular actions and sentiments, we have often nothing to guide us except the simple narrative in which they occur. The student, of the Old Testament must therefore, after such consideration as he is able- to give, and with such assistance as he can, procure, decide for himself a number of difficult and very important radical questions; and since, wherever the human judgment is called into exercise, there must be differences of opinion, continual occasion is thus afforded for mutual forbearance and charity amongst Christians. And this leads me to observe-further, that forasmuch as the Scriptures, although, given by in spiration of God, were written by men, and for the use of men ; the language of them is constructed according to the same rules of grammar, and the reasoning of them con ducted according to the same rules of logic, as the language and reasoning of any other writings. They exhibit likewise the peculiar forms and idiomatic phrases and the characteristic style of their respective ages and authors. Hence for the correct interpretation of them, as of other ancient books, there ere required the learning and critical acuteness of the scholar, and the practical intellect of the logician. To the one the nations of the Christian world owe the possession of the sacred volume in their several vernacular tongues; and to the' other, ordinary readers are indebted for understand- ' ing much of its doctrine which would otherwise have been ' unintelligible to them. Both also have rendered valuable service in connecting the text, interpreting difficult pas sages, illustrating the narrative, confirming historical facts, and reconciling apparent inconsistencies. Hence with the growth of human learning and critical scholarship there has been a corresponding progress in the knowledge of the Old Testament; and we may confidently trust that still greater progress will be made hereafter.' The principle I have laid down may be applied to what is perpetually flourished in our faces by ignorant and thoughtless men who scribble for the anti-Christian press about the narratives of the live of Christ called the Four Gospels. One of these writers tells something — for in stance, the slaughter of the children by Herod — which another does not tell, and which is not mentioned by Josephus. There is some difficulty in deriding in what year something happened ; there are discrepancies in' the precise words said by one and another to be used; — some difficulty in collecting the order of certain appearances not all re lated by any one writer; — and, moreover, the last Gospel — St John's — It is argued, or rather asserted, bears the marks (of course according to their arbitrary test) ' of being mnch later than the others. Some even go so far as to say that St. John's is forged, and in fact such is the mania for objection that if our critics could expect to get a little credit for the attempt they would willingly wipe out of history every personage and every event recorded in the Gospels, and come to the sage conclusion that, after all, Christianity never had a beginning at all, and nobody ever believed that Christ lived and died ; in short, that nothing ever happened, nobody ever did anything. The four Gospels will be treated separately by the Rev. John Graham, who I am sure will show how superior they are to their critics, and how certain they are in their testimony. But what is germane to my subject to-night is this : Objections of the kind which are brought against Ciem would, if they were proved, leave Christian dogma perfectly untouched. It is nowhere alleged that a belief in in slaughter of the innocents, or the capability of ex plaining the genealogies, or the order in which the risen Saviour appeared, is necessary to salvation, or to be con sidered a part of Christian dogma. But you will say, what do you know of Christian dogma, if once the stories of St. Matthew, St. Mark, and St. Luke are- shown to be inaccurate collections of floating tradi tions or fragmentary versions more or less varied from some common order and more concise record, ar if they be myths developed out of ordinary impressions ? Well, I answer, yon- will have to do a great deal more than your critics have ever yet attempted before yon prove this. But this I leave to Mr. Graham ; but I say now that, even if that were admitted, the Christian dogmas stand just where they did. ? We do not depend on the four Gospels for the know- ledge and precise statement of them ; indeed we have them more precisely, if possible, stated in other books in the Bible than in those fragmentary accounts; and the fact that those dogmas are the some, and professedly founded on the same events which the Gospels record, restore to tts the Gospels again , if we have given them up for the sake of argument, Collections of contemporary letters are always considered the most valuable materials of history, and of all sources of the knowledge of the dogmas of a religion, the letters of its leaders to its followers for directions are the most certain. Now we have this great advantage in the New Testament. If we admitted that St. John's Gospel came as late as the second century, yet it is certain St. Paul died before 68, A.D. He is said by Jerome and Eusebius to have suffered death under Nero, and Galba succeeded Nero in 68, and he has left us several letters written to Churches, and to members and ministers of them, all referring to their Christian belief, and speaking of it as already fixed and commonly acknowledged among them as essential. Of ten of these letters of St. Paul, Renan, in his ' Apostles,' has very little doubt about two, those to the Ephesians and - Colossians— and admits the genuineness of eight — namely, the Epistles to the Romans, two to the Corinthians, and that to the Galatians, two to the Thessalonians, one to Philemon, and one to the Philippians. Of these we take four whose genuineness has not and cannot be seriously questioned — and the latest of these four dates certainly within 28 years at farthest from the date of the alleged re surrection of Christ. They were written while he was yet at liberty, and before the date at which, in the Acts of the Apostles, we are told Porcius Festus came to Felix. Now that event happened about the year 60. Paul had theu been two years in prison, which will give us 58 as the very latest date for any of these Epistles. If yon consider what 28 years are, you will perceive that 28 years do not allow space for myths and superstitions to become solidified into settled dogmas, nor for floating rumours to be relied on as facts sufficient to found such a religion as revolutionises a world. What has occurred 28 years ago of a striking nature, men of fifty remember as well as the events of a year since. Take now, for simplicity, one of these undoubted letters, the first epistle to the Corinthians. We find the Apostle St. Paul, 'about a quarter of a century after the events, writing about dogmas — not newly propagating them, but talking of things long taken as settled truths, and so far beyond contradiction that they are made the reason for other truths to be settled. 1 Corinthians, xv. — ' Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto yon, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the Scrip tures, and that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day, according to the Scriptures, and that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve; after that He was seen of about 500 brethren at once, of whom 'the greater part remain unto this day, but some are fallen asleep last of all. He was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time,' fire,: and again, ' Now, if Christ be preached that He rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead ; but if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen; and if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain; and your faith also is vain. Ye are yet in your sins:' Now, the whole of the dogmas of Christianity are enun ciatcd in those epistles, and with this specimen before us nobody will venture to deny that they are so plain and clear that he who runs may read. Let us, for simplicity, con fine ourselves to these. Twenty-five years after Christ enemies of St. Paul were trying to injure his influence at Corinth, and denying the resurrection of the body. He appeals to long-known and settled dogmas which already were indisputable — that Christ died for our sins, was ' buried, and rose again from the dead on the third day. He asserted what all men knew — what he had often* before spoken of — that the majority of 500 brethren then alive had seen Christ after his resurrection— and this to sceptical critics who denied the resurrection of the dead. This same Paul was at first an unbeliever and persecutor. He tells us how he was converted by seeing Christ. This one epistle then clearly certifies to us that the Christian dogmas were and had long been already received up to the 28th year after Christ's resurrection. Take now the second epistle to the Corinthians, which is also acknow ledged to be genuine; see what it incidentally informs us in 2nd Cor., xiL He recalls a circumstance which happened to him, whether in the body or out of the body he could not tell ; but such an event as in its nature could only happen to him ieithcr as the means of his conversion or afterwards when already a Christian. In fact, he says he was then ' in Christ.' He was Caught up to the third, heaven — to Para dise and heard abundant unutterable revelations, and yet this happened, he said, so long as 14 years before. 14 from 28\. this brings his acquaintance with Christian dogma up j in within 14 years.- at furthest, of the Resurrection— probably much hearer. Then, in GaL, i and ii., he speaks of going up to Jerusalem to see Peter three years after his conversion. 14 years afterwards again with Barnabas, which will bring us to within 10 years of the Resurrection. The dogmas were everywhere at these early dates universal in* the Churches, nor 'did they differ because of the particular apostle who planted the faith, nor of the peculiarities of the people or region in which Christians lived. Take for example the Epistle to the Romans. It is written to a Church not planted by St. Paul— if he had never been there. There were a large number of Christiana there, ant the e had been a Christian Church there for many years.* He says he ' hadfc)rmimy years a desire to visit them, and was let hitherto. _ Take the 'many years' out of the twenty-eight, and how early do we find the Christian dogmas settled ? For we find he takes for granted they held pre cisely the same doctrines which he held himself, and which he wrote to Corinthians and Galatians, as their apostle. They also already believed at Rome, as the others did in Greece and Asia, that Christ was crucified, that he -was buned, that he rose, that salvation was to be had by that death and resurrection, that he sat at God's right hand, and would come again in glory to judge, that He gave them the Holy Spirit from Heaven. the spirit of adoption— the pledge of their sonship— acceptance with God. St. Paul did not profess to teach them these things so as to originate belief in them. He writes as if they knew it all before — many years before— and that there was no dis pute about it. So let the Gospels be as late as you please, here are the same dogmas received implicitly everywhere, founded on the. very same events recorded in these Gospels by St Paul, an unbeliever converted- within six years of Christ— a con temporary of Christ himself, and one who speaks of those whp were in Christ before him — by the Corinthians, Gala tians, Romans. Shall we add the Thessalonians, Ephesians, Colossians, Cretans ? How then could any sharp criticism of the framework of the Gospels, or guesses at their dates, or speculation as to the manner in which they were drawn up, or theories as to their authorship, touch in the slightest degree the dogmas so plainly proved to be characteristic of Christianity ? But it seems that the hostile critic likes St. Paul's dogmas of Christianity still less than the four Evangelists. For not only does St. Paul re-assert all the significant mys terious facts of the Gospels concerning Christ, bnt he argues from them, and enforces them and systematises the doc trines which depend on them, in a maimer terribly real ahd trenchant- The critics, evidently having relegated the Evangelists to later dates, or perhaps to the mythical regions of fable, have gone farther and fared worse ; for here is Paul, a contemporary of Christ, a trusted agent of the Sanhedrim, well acquainted with the events. Same thing roust be done to silence Paul ; and, as be cannot well be relegated to a later date — and there is no time at all allowable for the growth of a myth — the resource of despair is this: 'Paul, on his conversion, introduced a new Gospel of his own, differing materially from Christ's Gospel,' and when we mildly ask where then are we to find Christ's Gospel so as to compare, they answer, in the Evan gelists' account of his teaching — the sermon on the mount, &c.; So after all we have back again what we were called upon to repudiate — the Gospels — . better bring them back than be overwhelmed by the over whelming logic of St. Paul. These worthies are like Herod the Sadducee. He did not believe in resurrection nor spirit ; but in his alarm about Jesus he forgot his theory, and said, 'It is John Baptist whom I beheaded; he is risen.' Now, look at the absurdity that lies in the face of this supposition, for which there is not the most remote pretence of a reason. Saul, of Tarsus, had been a perse cutor of the Christians ; when he was converted, they feared to receive him ; their own doctrines were so fixed that they willingly suffered imprisonment and death in their behalf, and yet they allowed Paul, the new, suspected convert, lately a fierce enemy, to dictate to tbem a new Gospel and a new , Christianity ; and although the companions of Christ — James, Cephas, and John — who seemed to be pillars, in con ference with Him, added nothing to His, hut left us their sayings and writings, in which not so much as a word is breathed about any difference — on the contrary, the same doctrines are maintained by all ; and when one of these, St. Peter, does refer to his beloved brother Paul, in whose epistles there were some things hard to be understood, he nevertheless refers to them as agreeing with and substan- tiating what be was himself writing. The passage is one of those which, if an orthodox Christian quoted, would be immediately rejected by the critic as belonging to St. 1 Peter's second epistle, about whose genuineness he has doubts: but the same critic does not scruple to quote it himself, hoping to throw discredit on St. Paul by the sup- posed witness of an original apostle. Well, then, let us have it all. ' Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of Him in peace, without spot and blameless, and account that the long-suffering of God is salvation, even as our beloved brother Paul, also according to the wisdom given unto him bath written unto yen, as also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures unto their own destruction.' Clearly this writer agrees that all Paul's epistles spoke of these very things of which St. Peter spoke, and that with heaven-sent wisdom : and the wresting of them was destruction. But what is it which is supposed to be in St. Paul different from the teaching of Christ as recorded in the Gospel ? 'Oh! Christ,' we are told, ' taught the Fatherhood of God— as in the Lord's Prayer.' Certainly, and this is precisely what Paul teaches more in detail. ' Because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His son into your hearts, whereby ye cry ? Abba, Father.' " — Gal. iv., 6. i ' Ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, hut ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry * Abba, Father.' ' — Rom. viii. ' I will be a father unto you, and ye shall by my sons and daughters.' — 2 Cor. vi., 8. &c.; _ , But surely Christ taught something more than this, and we must not wonder if St. Paul taught more, too. In teaching this, I cannot, with the utmost search, find any thing even apparently differing — except in expansion and application from what Christ is recorded to have taught. I am thrown up an the keener perceptions of the critics, and I find them succinctly alleged in a pamphlet lately lent me by a neighbour, one which has done its duty no doubt among the simple who believe every word, dealing -tremendously in assertion, but putting nothing to the proof. The following are the now dogmas alleged to be intro duced by Paul contrary to the Gospel of Christ: — -Original sin, the Atonement, the Deity of Jesus, the Trinity, Pre destination, Justification by Faith, and other mischievous doctrines. Of course I cannot pretend to enter into all these subjects minutely here, hut I can say sufficient to indicate the auda cious falsc-hocd involved. 1\. St. Paul' mentions the Trinity in his benediction — ' The grace of our Lord Jcshs Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with you.' Christ equally mentions, it in his commission to baptize ' in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Surely there is no difference. 2\. Paul does not use the term ' original sin,' hut preaches and writes on the supposition that all have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and require to be saved. So also does Christ. His very name a Saviour implies that the world was sinful. 'I came to seek and to save that which was lost,' and the Spirit He promised was ' to reprove or convince the world of sin.' 3\. Whatever St. Paul says of Predestination is not a change from what our Saviour says — ' Many be called, hut few chosen.' ' Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you.' ' I have ordained vou that ye should bring forth fruit' ' Come, ye blessed children of my Father, inherit the kinedom prepared for you from the foundation of the world.' Whatever explanation suffices for those expressions of Christ will equally apply to St Paul. I do not lecture to-night on so deep a subject, but it is clear St. Paul and Christ do not differ. 4\. Justification by Faith is indeed amplified by Paul, and argued out, but it is emphatically asserted by the Lord in numberless places. 'If ye believe not in me ye are yet in your sins,' Jno. viii., 24. 'Whosoever believeth in him hath everlasting life.' Belief or faith is in these and a hundred places made by Christ the .criterion. Where, then, is the diversity ? 5\. The Godhead of Christ is certainly not more em phatically claimed by St. Paul than by the Master Himself. He begins in the very sermon on the Mount by His own mere word, ' I say unto you ' to revoke and even reverse ordinances which were held to have been dictated by Gad. He forgives sins directly by bis own power. He says he is to be the Judge of all men and nations, and in that judgment to know and weigh their motives and actions— attributes of omnipotence nothing lees than God could sustain. He says, ' 1 and the Father are 'one thing*' (ty). Upon being asked by Philip, ' Lord, show us the Father; and it suffice th ns.' He answered, ' Hast thou been so long time with me, and hast thou not known me, Philip. He who hath seen me hath seen the Father, and 'how sayest thou show ns the Father.' He also claimed power to reise himself from the dead. St. Paul does not certainly speak more emphatically of the Godhead of Christ than this. He plainly teaches the same thing ; nor is his un doubted testimony to Christ's Godhead (Philippians ii.) more emphatic Christ's acceptance of that ejaculation of Thomas — ' My Lord and my God.' 6\. But, of course, the great offence is the Atonement — anything to disparage that. The old Jewish stumbling-block, and Greek folly — still an offence to the unbeliever, to those who believe the power of God and the wisdom of God. It is wonderful what enmity assails the supreme act of the most profound mercy and love ever yet accomplished in Heaven or earth, and with what astonishing fidelity that old cry of the scoffers at Calvary is re-echoed to-day, ' Let him come down from the cross and we will believe him.' Well, St. Paul makes it so clear that the atonement is the very foundation of his Gospel, that the only way of avoiding it is this pretence that he added it, end Christ did not teach it. Well, we do not expect to find so much about atonement in Our Lord's discourses before He had atoned, but surely we can attach no other meaning to his acceptance of the title, ' Lamb of God who taketh away the sins of the world to his saying he would'Lay down his life for his friends to his giving the cup of wine at the last supper with the words, ' This is my blood of the New Covenant, which is shed for you, and for many, for the remission of sins.' Blood shed for remission of sins 'is surely an atonement. So likewise not only Paul hut St. Peter, and St, John everywhere, ' Who His own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree — by whore stripes ye are healed.' There is indeed a grand objection to the Christian dog mas as detailed in the New Testament which is not founded on what is properly called Biblical criticism, but assumes the name, it is really an a priori assumption for the purpose of stopping all criticism and all inquiry. The leading Christian dogmas, for instance, are the incarnation of God in Christ, the atonement for sin by the death of Jesus, the resurrection of Christ and that of his disciples from the dead, the ascension of Christ _ and the gift of the Holy Spirit, the final judg ment, &c.; All are disposed of by the simple excision of everything miraculous, prior to all evidence. This thing is miraculous, therefore it is merely mythical ; and so the whole of the Gospels and Epistles are set aside. Now it does appear to me an utterly unreasonable thing to sit down to question a religion whether or not it is divine, and begin- by taking for granted that nothing divine can possibly be, and that if any marks of divinity appear, it must prove self refuted. It is sufficiently amusing to read the whole treatises about miracles by which Deists amuse themselves very much to their own satisfaction and to little profit. The favourite plan is this — a miracle say they is a suspen sion of the laws of nature ; but as God governs the uni verse by fixed laws, there can be no suspension of those laws. Hume's celebrated syllogism was based on this idea when he said that, the truth of the Christian miracles depended on evidence, but that no amount of evi dence could prove them, since evidence was more likely to be false than miracles to be true. This and scores of books, on miracles have taken for granted this definition of a miracle as "a suspension of the laws of nature." Now, I apply to this definition as an objection to Christianity the same principle which I have applied all through this Lecture. Has the New Testament anywhere stated that a miracle suspends any law? If it does not, why saddle Christian doctrine with the responsibility of the philoso pher's mistake ? Our Saviour is said to have done many wonderful works. He said of Himself, ' He did among them the works which no other did ; ' and, when the greatest wonder of all was performed, His resurrection, nothing is said of it to imply any suspension of any law, bnt simply the fact that He did arise ; and this became the centre dogma of the faith of His disciples. What if no law ' was suspended? Was it less a miracle? The laws of nature were at one time pronounced antagonistic to the passage of a steam- vessel across the Atlantic; and a man would be pronounced insane who pro posed to send messages along wires over the circumference of the globe and under the sea. What makes us now believe these things to be quite natural ? Simply superior knowledge of the laws of nature. Superior knowledge still would doubtless show us 'the law within the law' not yet discovered, which was used in the wonders which arrested the attention of the early disciples when Christ worked and rose from the dead. Unless a man is arrogant enough to profess to know all the laws of the whole universe he has no right to judge any wonder as contrary to law — he has no right to exclude it from this simple test. Have we sufficient evidence to prove that it really occurred ? If the evidence is sufficient, a priori objections are futile. To those five hundred who saw Christ alive after He had been crucified -it would have been but a f oolish argument to ad vance, — ' It could not have been — the resurrection of one dead would suspend the laws of nature;' the simple reply of hundreds,—' I saw and conversed with Him' — would refute the objection on the moment. That fact rests on evidence strong as any fact of history ; and that fact being accepted, the question of the credibility, of the GoBpel miracles is solved — and, indeed, of the whole of the faith ; so far, at least, as this — that no antecedent objection founded on the supposed impossibility of miracles militates against the dogmas of Christianity. It has not been my lot to meet before (so far as I can re member) an objection to those dogmas which has lately been propounded in public lectures in this city, and I should not deem it worthy of notice had my duty not been specially to the young men of this association, some of whom miy have heard or read such objections. One can Scarcely lead the epistles of the New Testament without being struck with the clearness and vigour of their statements of doctrine, and the agreement of the different writers in the dogmas. Yet the objection I notice is based on an imaginary contradiction. Certain parts, it was asserted, ' distinctly taught that Christ died for all men, while others as positively asserted that He only suffered for an elect few.' As no instance is given, my only reply will be — that the latter statement is utterly without founda tion, no such thing is anywhere asserted by any writer in the New Testament. Again, it was asserted that ' pne writer declared that man was justified by faith only, and his brother apostle asserted that man was justified by works.' Now the fact is, that both these apostles assert precisely the same thing. St. Paul says that faith only without the works of the law justifies, and adds that this faith ' worketh ' by love, giving the example of Abraham, who believed or had faith in God, and it was imputed unto him for justification. St. James says that a man is justified by works wrought by faith.- 'Show, me thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works,' and quotes the same passage as St. Paul, ' Abraham believed God, and it was imputed to him for righteousness.' -In fact the instances which St. James quotes 'of Abraham's tvorfes were the instances which the writer to the Hebrews (ch. xi.) gives of faith — the offering up of his s m, and the. sojourning in a strapge land. It is plain then that the ' works of St. James were simply faith expressed,' and faith and works in this sense are the same. ' By works was faith perfected ' — James ii. All discrepancy is merely imaginary — a weak invention of the enemy. It seems to me that, in pretending to judge of the Christianity of the New Testament, sceptical writers, even when candid and scientific on other inquiries, lose all their habits of accuracy, and all spirit of induction — they seem to assert and to declaim — they express themselves in the wildest manlier, without considering or studying the works on which they pronounce. It seems as if they form a theory of what the books contain — argue from that, and not from having ascertained their real contents. If it were not so, how could men so acute as Martineau and Newman, reading' the four Gospels, come to such opposite conclusions on a plain matter-of-fact ? — one of these, con tending for the man Jesus that he never taught oracularly, never claimed to be supreme director, or guide; while the other stoutly argued that he did, and condemns him for self-sufficiency. Surely the Gospel leaves us no room for doubt. How could Renan say that He only need the name of ' the Son of man ' to avoid the use of the pronoun "I' which he seldom employed, whereas in one promi nent passage he uses both together, ' Whom do men say that I, the Son of man, am ?' ' and he is always remarkable for its use — I am the way, come unto me, I am the Vine, I say unto you, &c.;, &c.; , ' __ _ I -have seen it gravely urged as an objectien to NewTes— tament Christianity that it did not prescribe the duties of friendship or of patriotism. But surely this objection arises from mere ignorance. For what more perfect counsels of friendship could there be than these 'In lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than himself ; ' ' In honour preferring one another ; ' ''Bear ye one another's burdens ; ' or those in which Christ is made the model in this as in other things :* ' Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ,' PhiL ii. And what was this mind ? ' Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friend.' It is trne that the Gospel soars to a loftier c nception of the principle of love, far beyond the dreams of the poets, that a m»n should do good even to his enemies. And as to patriotism — I do not snppose the whole range of history can furnish an aspiration more sublime than that of St. Paul, — ' I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart — for I could wish myself were accursed from. Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh. fix.' Romans ix. This kind of objection would vanish it the writers took the trouble simply to read what they ven ture to criticise. The same may be said of remarks made by a man in other matters so careful and logical. J. S. Mill, in ch. ii. on Liberty, says that ' St Paul in enforcing Christian morality assumes a pre-existing morality, namely that of the Greeks and Romans ; and his advice to Christians is in a great measure a system of accommodation to that.' Surely this is imaginary — that very Greek and Roman morality he absolutely loathes in Rom. i., and it is ' the world ' to which tbey are not to be conformed, and from which they are to be transformed in the renewing of their mind. And then, strange to say, the philosopher forgets himself and says ' Christian morality (so called) has all the charac teristics of a reaction — it is, in great part, a protest against paganism.' - Of course it is ; but if so, it certainly cannot assume a pre-existing morality in that very paganism. He goes on : ' Its ideal is negative rather than positive,, and passive than active — innocence rather than nobleness abstinence from evil rather than energetic pursuit of good. In its precepts, 'Thou shalt not' predominate unduly over 'thou shalt.' In its horror of the sen suality, it made an idol of asceticism. Now, I put it to any candid man who has considered the contents of the New Testament whether this description of its character is according to truth — whether the man who so described it was not as completely ignorant of the books as if he had never seen one of them — whether their characteristics are not diametrically opposite to every one of those descriptions. 'Where are these preponderating ' Thou shalt not ? ' Echo answers, Where ? They are conspicuous by their absence. Where is this 'negative' counsel and example? Is it in the example of Christ, who went about doing good? In the multiform labours of St. Paul ? In his continual example of the circus, the combat, the wrestling, the race ? In his illustration of the soldier, with the whole panoply of God, standing in the evil day, and quenching on his - shield of faith all the fiery darts of the enemy ? Or is it in such a life and such a fight that we are to look for asceticism , and a precept of abstinence from evil, rather than energetic pursuit of good? The whole tone and temper of the New Testament is against it. The truth is that such men, finding themselves utterly incapable of understanding the New Testament, with the slender amount of attention which they think it worthy of receiving, insert their theories rather than study more deeply. For the New Testament is not a string of moral precepts either of ' thou shalt not,' or ' thou shalt,'' but the display in detail of the new life in Jesus Christ — and Christian morality is simply the outcome of Christian, dogma. ' If any man be in Christ he is a new creature,, and Jesus Christ is mode unto us of God — wisdom, righteousness, sanctification, and redemption.' Smart writers, of course, say anything which appears to be smart, no matter what mischief their misrepresentations do. The little book referred to in the first lecture, by the author of 'The fight in Dame Europa's school, abounds in these; they are certainly trenchant enough,, and fanciful enough, and we would not object to fancy it if it weie not made to pretend to be fact, and thereby to mys tify. The whole thing is a repetition of the assertion that what is required by Christianity is incompatible with the ordinary business and innocent pleasure of life- That Christ was our example, and,, therefore, as Christ was poor, and persecuted, ana crucified, Christianity requires every one of its true members to be poor, persecuted, and to suffer as keenly — so that to live in. ~ a decent house, to eat one's regular meals, to enjoy rational: and improving society, nay, even to spend several hours in each day in profitable employment, and to have a charming wife and family — this must be heathenism ; and, if not, Christianity is false. He altogether forgets that when. Christ is set before us as 'an example that we should follow his steps,' the particulars in which we should follow him are mentioned ' who did no sin n'or was guile found in his mouth.' In holiness then, and guile lessness, in meekness, &c.;, not necessarily in his poverty and suffering, we are to follow Him. ' Forgiving one another if any man have a quarrel against any, as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.' 'Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus'' — in what — 'Look not every one on his own things but also on the things of others. Philippians ii. Neither Christ nor his apostles ever made a Christian, dogma of poverty or asceticism. The Lord indeed had not where to lay his head, but when he dined at the rich publican's table he did not rebuke him for having a sumptuous table, but for neglecting polite offices to him self, and ' Thou gavest me no water : thou gavest me no kiss.' The followers of Christ did indeed suffer and fast, but it was because they were persecuted, not because they ' thought it part of their duty to Christ, whether per secuted or not to impose suffering on themselves. No doubt Christianity requires us to suffer as they suffered,, rather -than betray or be ashamed of Christ; and by this we are hound to-day as they were 1800 years ago. Arid in the times of -persecution we have seen., how oftenliistory has found the Christian tried and not found wanting. Should it arise again, I believe it would- still, have its martyrs. It has had tbem indeed in our southern seas and in Madagascar recently enough, but for ordinary times the Christian was to be in the good sense of the word ' a man 'of the world.' The master gave himself this character in comparison with John — that he came ' eating and drinking ' — that is living like others and avoiding asceticism, and, this character of his people that: they were to be the salt of the earth and the light of the world, and his last prayer was ' not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil' And although St. Paul be faithful to echo his Lord's warning of the additional snares that wealth provides for the rich, still his charge to them is, not to become poor, but ' charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in un certain riches, but in the living God who giveth us richly all things to enjoy. That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, writing to communicate, laying up in store for them selves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.' This flippant writer, a believer mischievously adopting the style of an infidel, says we must make up our minds whether the Chris tian religion is an excellent philosophy, or a divine revela tion, for that it cannot be both, we reply that it can be, and is, both one and the other. - He says our choice is to renounce either Heaven or the ordinary refined life of this civilization era, for to enjoy both is impossible. We reply that ' Godliness is profitable for all, having the promise of this life, and of that which is to come.' That the Christian ' influence gives the true 'zest to every duty and innocent pleasure of life, and that both business and pleasure may be and must be pursued, by us as His servants, and subject to this limitation and direction. We must be ' diligent in business, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord.' I have been careful to distinguish the dogmas of Chris tianity from the dogmas of the Churches. The former I say are unassailable by any criticism of the Bible which we have yet seen, or has yet been threatened ; the others have manufactured so many and refined so much on new scholastic theological subtleties that they are open at all points to defeat. And it is well. The Churches retain, indeed, for the most part, the dogmas of the New Testa ment, but from the days of the early councils downwards tney have encumbered them with the untenable materials of their own disputes. And such scandal have they heaped on dogma that its very name has become a by-word. We have in ecclesiastical history interminable lists of 'heresies,' and interminable struggles between the orthodox and the heretics ; councils and doctors fighting in all sorts of ways, and on every little matter of hair-splitting; where' the New Testament did not pronounce at all. 'Whatever party was most cunning or most strong carried its point, and it became a dogma. In many cases the condemned and anathematized was really the more Scriptural of the two ; and this process has, under the Bishops of Rome, culminated in the declaration of Papal infallibility, and of the deliverance of the Virgin Mary from original sin at the precise moment of her con ception — about which the New Testament is silent. But nearly as foolish were all the 'disputes and ' their settlement by grave councils concerning tbc nature of the Holy Spirit,, and the hypostatic union and refinements pretending to define the nice relationships of the Deity as we have it in the Athanasian Creed, which is simply the record of successive triumphs of one party over the other respecting the use of particular terms re ferring to the Persons of the Godhead, although the creed itself says the whole is incomprehensible. If any - one desires to see an example that will cure him for ever of any respect he might retain for mere Church dogmas, let him read the account of the general council of Ephesus. They met to decide whether Nestorius was heretical because he would not call Mary — Oeutokic — ' the one who gave birth to God.' They put the New Testa ment in the chair to denote that that was their anthority. It must have been to deprive it, as chairman, of a vote, for they never afterwards referred to it; no one attempted to find such a term applied to the Virgin in that Book. But having taken good care to decide before the Nestorian Bishops arrived, the words were simply read and de nounced by acclamation. The other bishops, when they arrived, decided differently,- and then all proceeded to blows. Aud yet to this day Nestorius is written down a heretic, although entirely atone with the New Testament. - It is thus that ecclesiastical dogmas are manufactured, and strung together in creeds, :and then, with all solemnity, precentors and choirs sing them to a pleasant recitative. But the dogmas of the New Testament are very different; they are really the essence of the Christian faith. Much of the morality of the New Testament differs perhaps only in degree from that of the best of non-Christian philoso- phies. To a great extent the sense of right and wrong- is a part of natural religion, ' the conscience meanwhile accusing or excusing." What is peculiar to this morality in the New Testament is the reality, life, motive, and superhuman help which vivify those precepts, otherwise barren, from the dulness of formal platitudes. This is effected by connecting them with the Christian dogmas, and these dogmas are almost all some act or word of the living Christ. For instance, St. Paul, men tioned three of these dogmas, 'I delivered unto you that which I also received how that Christ died, and was buried, and rose the third day.' Now, when he entreats the Christians not to sin, he falls back on these facts, ' Likewise rekon yourselves to be dead unto sin, and alive unto God, through Jesus Christ our Lord.' ' Buried with Him by baptism into death, that, like as Christ - was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so wc also should walk in newness of life.' (Bom. vi.) Another dogma is stated by the same apostle — the gift of the Holy Spirit by which we say to God, ' Abba Father.' (Rom. viii.) By-and-bye, when warning another Church against care lessness of life, he appeals to this dogma : ' And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, by whom ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.' And his strongest expostulation against sins of impurity is not simply a strong denunciation of it as against the undoubted code of morality — any religion or philosophy might have done that ; but what other besides Christianity could have sup plied this motive, ' What, know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in you ; and whosoever defileth the* temple of God, him will God des troy.' Or could all the moral precepts of all the sages of the world supply such a motive against fornication as this, ' Shall I take the members of Christ and make them members of a harlot. God forbid.' You will find this principle throughout the Book as the life and soul of religion — the dogma is the basis of everything. But the dogma, we must remember, to he thus operative must be notjfonly the fact, hut the fact realised and personallyapplied. That the Holy Spirit was sent is a fact — a dogma ; but unless I have myself that spirit it will he no argument to me to avoid sin because our bodies are the temple of the Holy Ghost. For He does not dwell in my body. Therefore never despise ' dogma, and see that it be realised. And, refusing to admit any other than that which you plainly find in the New Testament, I think you may allow all the various criticisms even of the Bible itself to have free course, perfectly secure of your treasure ; and if you see some old council canons or creed definitions tumble down under the critic battery, you can rejoice the more that only error falls, but we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. Finally, let no questionings of how or why distrust your comfort and confidence in that good news which so often in every shape the New Testament puts forward as the chief and choice of all it has to teach. That God was in Christ reconciling you unto Himself, not imputing your trespasses millions have found and are finding peace in that evangel. Should you be asked what connection there can be between the atonement of Christ and your salvation, or how could the blood of the innocent at all affect the guilty, what matter if you should modestly say ' I don't know.' Perhaps there is no necessary connection — perhaps there' is. One thing I know, that whereas I was blind now I see. On any subject a child may ask questions which the wisest cannot answer. Even sages are sorely puzzled about the sources of light and heat in the sun ; but no one refuses the warmth and light because he has not yet solvcd these questions — of the photosphere, or its spots, or its fuel. So here — be warmed, be enlightened, be saved, be sanctified, be glorified, be happy in Christ ; leaving a thousand questions for future settlement, when you shall see not through a glass darkly, but face to face— when you shall see as you are seen, and know as you are known. — — — — — — — — 