Tub. last two or three years havo been cxcoptiohally favourable to Australian Colonial Treasurers. Prosperity has been forcod' upon thomi : Their- -treasuries :liave .been replonighqd- whothor. they willed it or not.' -Had no such' offices existed at all, and parliamentary and re- g|)onsibloMinistersheehunknown consti tutional oi-bations, still, tho, public purses woiild.not havo diminished; iii weight to the'smallbst appreciablo', extant from', their prqsont condition, ofgrayity. In deed, onr heliof is, that they would have boon oven much moro plethoric in every instance, had , no such high und. mighty oiileiiils had political oxistohco' at oil. In our own caso -vo cani speak from experience j for over , since. . tho last chaiige in the custodians of tlio public chest tqok place, not one single move ment or alteration lias taken placo in tho established financial policy of tho colony ; and yet, despite tho most in consistent and ndmittedly unsuitable system of 'finance — a system -so ill- adapted to tlie-' reqnircmonts and cii-- cnmstnncos of tho .country as to he generally admitted by all , partios— ; tho Treasury is in a very satisfactory state of prosperity. . When, however, wo uso the torm " satisfactory," we must not he supposed to admit that it is so substantially and permanently. Far from it ; for wo still continue to believe that so vicious and thoroughly unsound is tho basis of what we are 'accustomed torogard as ' progress 1 and prosperity, that the least roverso of our present good fortuno, tho most moderate change ofourcommprbial interoste with the' other colonies, would plungo us into such a state of finnhcial-'chnosj-'hhd necessitate such an accumulation of fresh taxes, as very few of thosoj who now glorify Ministers on - tho success of.' their, finan cial rind, their hind1, "policy;" as they aro ' pleased to 'designato theirr. " do- nothing-ness " and ," aoll-e very-thing " schemes, . can. conceive.; , ; Wfi linvo already drawn attention to the ngitation.now being actively .carried on,, through public : meetings and the press in Victoria', on the subject of; the nlionation . of , the publie estate.' The complaint of ''Vtlib. people' is, that, despite all that legislation has attempted to bring about a contrary effect, the soil of the colony is being rnpidly aceumu- latod in immense areas by. a' few.' pas toral capitalists. ;It:' is now , seem that , so; long as tho lands are alienated in fee: for a perpetuity,' ' no matter what legis lators -.may, attempt to .prevent it, tlio capitalists and monopolists nre.cer- tain to rcnliso their own purposes. We were rather, amused some days sinco by a reference to" this1 subject in the Ministerial journal, , published . in this city, which e cprossed sympathy.-ito a large extont with tho objeot of tlio 'Ballarat agitatora, " but at tlio same' time highly commbride'd the pblioy'df our Minisier of Lands and Works, who is, considering tlio ' circumstances of this colony, carrying out to a mora ruinous "extent the . confiscating and anti-popu- lating pvinciple. 'wliicli is fulfc to ho sueli: a grievous publio , wrong in Victoria mid New South Wiales. Wo must not bo understood''- to' cast tho blame de servedly incurred by, those; who; are' closing tho doors of tho colony against emigrants .upon. Mr. Mooke, the Minis- tor of LandS;imd JVoi-ks. ' Far from it!.1 Wo gi vis tliat go'ntlemdn orisdit for too' much acutoness and common sense ; to believe that hp could over' willingly sanction so suicidal n.policy, and which otp long must , -relict, most' disastrously on tho country.;, ! Mri Moorb is only ono amongst ' five.; He is the colleaguo of Messrs. CiiArsUN, Ginr.iN, and .Fvsii,. and. wb nfo nbt quito so inoxperionced' and idiotically credulous ns to kpliove. tliat his opinjon, if oven asked, .lias .the smallest , weight when put. into tlio scale with that of the mora commbi-ciiil states men, ; ivliose -. faith .-in tlio .mercantile stylo of governing a country is so Strang, —tliiit tlio discipline and policy obsorved in a counting-house are deemed to be tlio best suited for tlio govorhing of. an empire, j, Mri MooiiE, if he'-lmsinot entirely reversed his'- " principles, j or, tui-hod thbm .inside'.outi'rihceih'e w«b.' ploced nominnlly, at, tho. liead of ; tlie lands. and- Worka.;Depai'thient„ainnot approve of the -.woi-k ;heing done how. nnder tlio sonction-jof his name. . And if lib does' hot; we' regret 'to' 1 find him continuing a memberbfaCahinet, which to ull iiitehts and phrposes; is'cbnfiscat-. ing forithe sole benefit of a few, already, over-gorged ; land i .monopolists, ' every; available acre in . town and 'country'that can be'either pnblioly or 'privately, sold for, casli, or ;,oredit; Within ; thp last yonr or two nearly two' .Kundrail thous- und nbres have been thus confiscated-- and. we heHeve. ah analysis of the list of ipurohasbrs; would, show ' that not a dozon- of unite lins been, by their aliehiitioii, added to the rural population .of th'b colony; .'"if indeed there ! lias; been pno-whioli we . very milch doubt We dosigniitb such , ji, mode of ..dealing witli the publio .estate.as." confisoition'," and we use' the ,word;because np, other could he found -toi dsfine the system with greater " exactness, or'fidelity to truth. ,OfPoujwe shall be .answered in the 'ushal " wayfrom' ! 'n cbriiinereial. and mercantile 'stand poihb--' thlit never was a higher average per aoro obtained, and that it is much more economical to capitalise the waste lands than to 1'ieavo them as dead stock upon the hands\of tho Government.'1 In n purely com- mrrcinl Renee such arguments mey be sou iiil o n ough'j V>ut wlien riefilirig witli -tlinlntfarditfijof the people, which are so ,thovqnghly,iand yituUyJUentified witli those j of. tho soil of tho country, their- fallacy, ns-ell irrelevancy? is appar- onfc The morchunt who suIIh his dead nud unproductive stock' can supply its plnco with now stock of thq'samo'kind; floiongC. as custo'inex's , can be found . , to purchaso, and .consume it; but a Govern ment cannot veplaco the land it alienator, .and whon it cannot, it is unahlo to sup ply now. customfew. The land of any new country f ought to bo inado the .tneanMof. populating it.. It, it is not, by what otlfor" neans 'can this indispensable requirement of population bo provided ! If instead of nil average of 22s per acre, our Minister of Lands and Works-was ablo to shoxv xis that ho had obtained 100s per 1 aero as an average, we should still denounce tlio . presont policy of ftlienating.tho piibHc estate, without any rofprorico to tlio. claims of population, as d isixstrp u s ' and : reck loss. 'Above allth'o other ' colonial wo aro in ' a position where we can least afford. to encourage the further; extension of all land mono poly interest, and in proportion to tho extent of our. available Oiwa lands, there .is no. other-colony wliorein such a ruinous policy lias been so persistently and wastefully ciirriod out. What, then, would wedd with the public estate ? Bent as nluch as it is possible to'disposo of in that' way, and rotain all 'in tho hands of the Government until it can bo exchanged for human boitigs. Butthon it ist:Hfiid-i-w tho public estate "is im proved when it passes into tho possession of our lnndcd proprietors in tee — they then; have .an 'interest in ' iiriprov- ing it:. and improypmehts. imply tlie expenditure of ; labour, and capital." 'Humbug! pure .and: unadulterated 1 What doourngricultiiral statistics teach us. periodically 1 What' lessons are preached Mo us from our', Live Stock Retiirns 1 What do .our butehors' bills toll iis ! ,<fAud whftt.do the millions of acres now lying waste in the. hands of private proprietors; and, thoso thousands of acres of once ploughed .land, choked with weeds nhd scrub, and'iinpossiblo through chevcatto-de-frific'' of > Scotch thistles proclaim" 1 ' Wliy ; this.1 ..That such an argument is -.a ;pretence, a delusion; . and " only capable : ;of misleading or ' gulling children. Tho public .'estate is . bcing divorted from its legitimate uso j to virejdoirisli -tlio Treasury for the moment, without any regard to, the - ultimate'- consequences. : Wliat those " conseqixenices ' are' certain: to be, wo shall take aii early opportunity of pointing out ; hut that those) who' now'quietly jjcrniit Ministers to pursuo n course which cannot fail . to bring about disastera, tho.hiaguitudo of which it is not ehcoring to contemplate, will, have .reason; to regret ) their present apathy and indifference, wo aro as cer tain as that liglit' arid daxicness : cannot have n simultaneous co- existence. Tiie Peninsula is now being mapped out for confiscation in the same nvny as all oixv littlo towiisbips, and select patches, Ayhoroyor ;tlie '. eye "of ' the Tiigasuiiek could. discerhx'them xxpon thefmap/ 'Bo it so. But let n6l tlioso wlio' now toler ate, and indeed laud the wisdom of Ministora, complain .. when. , the day of l'etvibtitxon dawns upon thorn, and the tnx-p.ollcctors crowd their doors. Per haps tiieri'tlioy niayperoeivetlinttheGo-. verrimeut of a people ought to bo some-1 what different to; that of a merchant's office. . ' ; The Esmisii Mail.— The R.M.S. Nubia, with tho English moil nrrivoil, at Glonolg at 8 p.m.. oi Sunday. Tho mail; may thoroforo bo expoctod to-- roacll Melbounio this overling ; . Launcostoa on Thursday;- and Hobart Town on tbo, following morning.' > .. |Rev. 3. V. :lNpLT8. — In' oiir toport of Mr. ! Inglis's sormon oh Sabbath overling;1 the rev.- gentlomnn is mado to say: "With somo of tho charges ' against tho pulpit he felt bound to sympathise, and fho thought Tas mania suffered- moro particularly; in this, re spect. "r Tho. lastisontohco 'should ; read as follows Though , ho- thought Tasmania suffered less in this reafrect,". icc., a material difference.;... . . , " ,: - ' Missihg' LiNK- LonnE- No. lS'LO GX— ; At tho ordinary mooting of tho abbvo lodge on Monday, Fobriiary 1st, the underihon- 1 tioncd officers were duly installed by W.C. -Ellis, assisted by Win. Barrett" as G.W.M., .Brother, G., Murray, W.O.T., Brother M. Ooheii, W.G.T., '. Sister MoArthur, W.S.,' Sistor Burton, W.F.S., Sister Crochor.W.T., Brother Mc Arthur, W.O., Brother Daniels, , "NV.M.V. Brother ' 'Riley, ; W.I;G,| .;Brother Hackot; W.O.G;; Sister Murray, vW.D.M., 1 Sister Riley, WR.W.S., Sistor S. oKnight, " W.IH;S;'Tty'%"Tesohition. passed at the riicetiugj'it was.re30lvcd that a puhlic inoot-, ing be Tiold on Wednesday, 10th Fobriiary, fortbo advocacy of tcniperanoe,< whon a depu tation from tho. Grand Idgo' voll preside. ''City Mission.— A missionary; is required for; our- City- Mission.1 written applications for which, accompaniod. by. testimonials, will bo received by the hon. secretary, Mr. G. 8,. i.Orouoh; up to;'4 p.m. onThnrsuay, the 4tli of March.;; "/ . '-'T.S.N. Company.— The dividend at the. rate of 8 per cent., with 5s ,per share tonus, will bo - payable at itlie company's offices on and after Thursday : 'j C lAf CoNVENfENC8.v— The steam launch Heather Belle wiirVmi between Kangaroo Point and.IIobartTown, leaving tlio 'former at, seven o'olock'in tho evening, and returning- after'th'o opera; continuing tno trips during the operatic season;. " Club Hotel; StAbleb.— Mr. John Robert . Hurst aunouiicos that he bas takeb the above1, stables, and solicits the - patronage of ! tho public/ ; - ;:»ii ,i .1.; | Lectuke. — TIiq Rev, ,J. W. Iuglis will do liver a lecture at the Odd Fellows' Hall,' on Monday evening, the 15tli instant, under tho title of " An evening .with old' friends/' It will bo illustrated by a series. oL choico reod- :iugsfrom various authors.. j ,.r insumcikntly Stamped,'— -Tlio 'following letters were posted yesterday '- insufficiently stamped Mr J O Lord, 13 letter box, Wel lington, Now Zealand ; George iOates, Esq., MocquariO'Strcet, Sydney.' Where Does the'Fault Lie ?-i-\ve rer. ccntly inserted a locol ' calling the attention of 'tho authorities to a circumstance which tod beon brought under our notice, relating to a young fellow named Lohorgan, who, it was 'stated, had been stopped, by several young mea with. firearms in their possession, i Wp .wero in informed yeaterday tuat .an . iri/; vestigivtiqn had been held' into Ithe. matter, - when neither the person f oported.oB , toying been robbed, nor his father, was forthcoming to give ovidcuco to justify the statement madc| Held Over. — A ' sub-leader «ud Abaut Town toon hel<| over. CleHk op the Course.—' The stewards ov" tho Tosmanian Racing drib have appoiuted yMr! Thomas. Henry Kddiugtou to to assist- int clerk'of- tb'p'cQurse', " V" ft: The Ghost Aoain.— Orii ciutiday' ovcuing m a couplo'tonsistinVola young lady and -hor admirer, ;whro|wanuering iu-thc vicinity 'of St: Georbiirial gteund;tho .speetrd; . r'wliich 'has up till nqw.cliidciVtho vigilanco of the police and tlio public, 'eiado its npi>car- an:e. It was nearly being its -lust appuar- "anco in public/for too youth gave chase and : pressed it so closoly; . that it was, compelled to divest itself of - BO.rin of its'drcss, which foil . into tho -hands of tho pursuer. Tho articles consisted of a ball dress, a pair of stays, and , a skirt, connected witft which was, of course, tho over-attondarit- improver/ The spoil remains in tho hands of tho party who drovo tlio ghost to the extremity of leaving it. on tho field, and the owner can have it on application; .- s . . \- St. John's Friendly Sociptv. —Tlio first, meeting of this 'soctoty in St. David's school room, Harriiigton-stroet, which thoy havo selected to hold tboir meetings iu in future, was held last night and was well attended. Tlio St. Johii's is a flourishing society, and now that tho lodge room is so centrally situatod will doubtless go oil increasing in numbers. „ I.Tuvbnile Festival. — Tho children at tending tho Sunday Schools of St Joseph's und St. Luke's were feted in tho schoolroom of St. Joseph's yesterday, ' ' where fruit and sweots of different descriptions wore dis tributed : among them by , the Sisters of Charity and thoir -other toaehcrs- Lady Wilson was kind enough to luako a eontri- bntion to tlio least,. in the stopo of a basket of fruit, and, with tho aid of other friend, tho children weronnblod to enjoy a very ac ceptable treat.! .It would ho diifieult to bnng together a finer or.a -more healthy, bocly of, children than, nssomblcd on tho occa sion to tlio amount of some.- hundreds. Tho Yicar- Goneral and tho Rev. Messrs. Woods and Honnobry wore presont during, the pro- cordings. ,v ; Sudden Death.— Ycstonlay . afternoon a nian named George Wolls, foreman at Mr. McGregor's shipyards, fell down on tho wharf suddenly, having buret a bhodvessol, and on being tikou to lua residence in the Domain was pronounced to havo oxpired. Ho had been working on board tho Swatara, and ac cording to tlio Btntomont of Dr. Bcnjafield, under whoso' enro tho man has been for somo. tiino for consumption, it. would appear that vlolont hemorrlioge from tho lungs set iu, doubtless owing to the. tubercle haying affected a large blood -vessel: in the lungs which burst, death resulting!!! a few minutes. Ib is riot likely that An inquest will be hold, as tlio, doctor's statomout is sufficient to account for death. . Excelsior Lonok, I.O.G.T. — Tlio usual monthly- 'public .meeting of this / lodge, .for temperance advocacy, was held attlioPeoplo's Hall yesterday ,.o veiling.;, , Mr., S. . Mather presided; and opened, the , meeting, by de livering a short address on the toinporance question, dwelliug moro partioularly on tho relation. of the driiikiug customs to the re vouue. Mr : Andrews followed, and in tho course of ' a warm api>cal to tho audieuco re ferred to the practico of juries bringing in a .false verdict of' /' tho visitation . oi, God" whon death is known to bo caused by drink. Ho also gave a receipt for making n drinking' l>owdor of, the. most efficacious character in slaking thirst, the component parts of which; are oatmeal; sugar, and ginger, but in what : relative quantities thoy ore to bo used .we did not gather. Mr. Way then recited, in ; a very agreeable manner, that charming piece, of disputed origin, " Beautiful Know, air. Hunt, in tlie courso of a vigorous speech, drew attention to tho trouble and oxpenso sporting men are at to improve the breed of horses, while auy. efforts that are iimdc to elevate tho raco of men and women are treated ; with : contempt. Air. l'ottor, looking at tho question from a more sciontilio point of view, gave utterance to somo opinions of a character to engender speculation. A Air. Love from Green Ponds then took the floor, and either labouring under extreme nervousness or from somo other cause, ho made such' an: exhibition of himself as should teacli liiiu to leavo tlie advocacy of' temperanoc of any. other prin ciples to more competent or moro suit ablo persons. - The meeting was iiob so well alten- ded as usual on account' of :.tlio .extreme sultriness .of tho cycuing: The usual musical part of the programme was omitted,' through soine misunderstanding, t but the chairman gave out that they lmd succeeded iii'securiug the services of Air. Pratt for their next meet- il,g' ' .. - At a meeiing of the Belfast Yolunteer iGorps, held on Feb. 4th; resolutions were, passed respecting the .conduct of Band master Lnffcrty, of W arr n ambool , i n sta t- ing that the cause, .of his insolvency /wnst the indebtedness of the corps to: him for the amount -of his : salary. Receipts .were produced which' showed payment in full- :Up to date of. his resignation, in .March, 1873\. -The official. assignoe -.will be com municated with. .... . : /Mfahrs, Roberts and Co. bog- to caH ' at: tontion to tlio salo, this day,' of the stabling accommodation, and the opou .woodou stana on tlioBIwick racecourse, for tlie two days "during tho races/ 2447 