TOWN TAL K. 'Her Majesty tbe Qaeen desires the expression ef her sympathy with and inquiry for Mrs. Goodenengh.' This simple tuinouncemeut surely 4us a world of elo quent meaning. There have been se many notable in stances of the Queen's ever thonghtfnl consideration and deep feeling for her faithful servants in all parts of the world, that no one would be surprised at receiving one more, even if then were no suoh speoial reasons for the expression, of sec Msjesty'a sympathy, as -we believe there are in this case. Never hai a brave man fallen in the Queen's service unmarked by her whose own high courage and love of duty as a Sovereign are only equalled by her tender seas as a woman. fWhat is really remarkable in this instance ia the startling proof it affords of the genuine one-ness .of the widespread empire which boasts so nobls a head. One has often heard of ' eleotrio sympathy' between individuals, and not always a very safe sympathy it u. Here -we nave an electric sympathy, of which nothing «an be eaid but good, between the uttermost ends of that vast Empire upon which the sun sever sets. It was «n Monday that the news of the bra-re Commodore's murder fell upon Sydney with the startling effect of ene.of his own ship's bombshells, and in a few hours the sad Bound of his funeral tuns had re-eehood round the , world, our grief waa all England's, and tha .widow- was comforted with the condolence of her Queen. It is, j perhaps, the most striking iBstauee we have yet had I of the efficacy of the new electric bonds that unite us [ toour fellow-countrymen almost all lihe -world over— 1 under a common sorrow all the many pulses that make j up the ' mighty heart' of the British empire beatirg as one. The 'gallants of Melbourne' would seem to be very gallant, A member of Parliament in that city of the name of Mason insults a well-known lady (Misa Lucy Chambers) by objecting to her obesity as taking up too -much room in an omnibus, and on . being properly slapped in the face by the offended dame for his impudence, gives her in charge for assault, when a Melbourne magis trate fines her one shilling. We suppose his Worship oould hardly do less, since the peace mint be preserved even with oads and blackguards ; it Jwould certainly be rough trave'ling if ladies, tteut or otherwise, were always allowed to take the law into their own fair fingers with Impunity. But we do not bear that lit. Mason, M.P., has yet sounded the bottom of a horse pond or tested the thong of a horse-whip, which would seem to show that juatioe does not always whirl with equal measure in Melboarne any more than elsewhere. Certainly a slap in tha face from the lady in question would probably be almoBt as serious an affair as being sat upon by her, and one ia at . least glad . to hear that in aVoiding Scylla, Mr. Masoa, M. P., did not escape Chary Idis. ' ?: The alleged ' rapture of wine' we are not quite .so sure about. It b«U rory well for the poet to tell us— There's no sweet in the world to mratnre, . . ' '. Wilh the juice of tbe golden vine; ,- ? ., Shekel no delicate new-born pleasure That can rival the rapture of »l»e. ' There is * good deal more in tha said ' rapture' tiiat he doesn't tell as of , bat ef which the doctor does, and ': the 'delioate new-born pleasure' of a splitting head in the morning, with the 'Golden-winged visions' of the night transformed into danoisg blue-* devils is by no means rapturous. But there Joan be no ' question of the rapture with wluoh charming Miss' Melvill* sings «t ' this drink divine,' ner of the genuine rapture of those who hear her. It is our, inspiration that song, as Miss Melville sings it, of the. very spirit of wine itself, and might have been sang : by the nymphs before Bacchus, if only there had been ; a nymph In those days half as pretty as 3\Iiss Melville . to sing it half so well; There has beeB rather a singular succession ot eenat , tional -cases lately in the Supreme 'Court. As com-, pared with the general ran of ''business' in that, usually somewhat drowsy place of 'public ^entertain- ment, that of the last fortnight oreo may be described as decidedly lively — something -equivalent to ligbt comedy or ' ' leggy' burlesque in 1be place of the usual solid fare or heavy drama, Krst of all there was the veritable ' sensation,' where the assumed villain of the piece was a certain well-known reverend gentle mas. but with the happy ooirelus'on of virtue vin dicated and injured innocence washed considerably whiter than snow. Then came the Btartling melo drama of 'the Money lender and the Miser,' inwhioh 4he principal characters were a popular politician, a miser's ghost, and three or four live attorney*, and iere again we are happy to say the meralities were observed and virtue was ?triumphant. This was quickly followed by a- third piece of so very sensational a character that the bare rumour of it seffioed to crowd the Court with the impatient nudienoa, whta lei the curtain fell ere it had well risen, and the ex pectant publio were left lamenting without even tbe s&'&tf; action of ' money returned at thedoore.'' Yes. ttsslay thegreat attraction was a speech from Mr. David Buchanan — and it was a cpeeoh ! As at:same«t-nntry- i air the attention of the public is attracted to somg ?how of portentous monsters by the beating of a big drum, or the blowing of a blatant bom, ft Tniakfc XMBB.nt.hw !«»?*& Ikaan ' Jmrw. !«fn the jury court by the rumbling thunders of that Mnonoa -eloquence. At *ny rate we were so 4rawo and f mum! the learned gentleman looking very apoplec tic and bathed, we had almost said in gore, but it was only well-paid-tor perspiration, ' the honest sweat ef labour,' and very hard labb-nr too— addressing four unhappy-looking gentlemen in tones t» which the big drum was as the tapping of a lady's fan, and &e; blatant hom as. the softest and sweetest of lovers' lutes. Toe first impression naturally was that it was a jury «f deaf men, for though barely a fard off, the learned gentle man. wa» bellowing as, if the jury had been t. mUe away, with a gale of wind against him, while to ' em ? phasise bis eloquence and make sure that ndtody went to sleep, every bow and then came the thump of a ponderous fist upon the table, like the iig guns in the oomia opera, that make everybody j-t«ap. We have no doubt it was a very «*le speech, certainly erushinj'eiough |n its sound and fury for the very deafest and demist of juries ; hat what was altogether inimitable was the quiet smile of his Honor Mr. Justice Faueett when, the thunder ended, he observed with a gentle rf»h of most grateful relief, 'Gentlemen, I think we may row adjourn for a little refreshment t' 