DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, apbil 27. communion sebyioe. v The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diooese of Adelaide (incorporated) was opened by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide {Rev. Dr. Short), at St. haul's Ohurch, on Tuesday morning, April 27, when the Holy Commnnion was celebrated* There was a large attendance. At the conclusion of the Service, His Lordship the Bishop delivered the following PASTORAL ADDBESS. -?' Bev. and Dear Brethren— It is a beautiful picture which ;th% prophet draws of Messiah's kingdom— * Behold a King shall reign in ?righteousness ; and my people shall dwell in peaceable habitations, and in buto dwellings, 'and in quiet resting-places, when it shall hall: crraunR down on the forest.' — Is. xxxii. 1, 18, This no doubt was realised by * Israelites in deed,' even when the- Assyrians in their career of conquest overwhelmed the Hebrew na tionality. Bat it is more fully realised wher ever in these latter daya Christ 'reigns in -righteousness ' over regenerated souls. The effect of His grace is * quietness and assurance for ever/ They are kept *in the tabernacle of His presence from the strife of tongues.' When, however, we turn from the 'inward and spiritual' to His 'outward and visible' kingdom, how different is the scene! We are transported, as it were, in a moment from ' green pastures and' still wafers of comforts into the noisy thoroughfares of some great metropolis; the hurry and confusion of a modern Babylon, or rather perhaps into a mediaeval city studded with fortress palaces of contending nobles; their retainers distinguished by family badges and party cries, destroying the peace and harmony of their common citizan ship; It is striking to -mark how the public Prees teems at this- day with ecclesiastical topics, controversial letters, and discussions ef the deeper mysteries of religious belief, ' Nor is it the clerical order alone which engages in the contention. Ministers of State and nobles have mingled in the debate, until we may say, with truth, 'the world has gone after Him.' There was the like excitement in the republic of letters in the fifteenth century, when the revival of classical learning and the study of the Scriptures in the original tongues com menoed. It was so during the era of the Reformation ; and once more the tidal wave heaved upward and onward when the 'Spirit of god in the last century stirred the hearts of devout men to preach anew, amid the general apathy or unbelief, the Gospel of ' the grace of God,' justification by faith, the power of the Spirit, the necessity of regeneration and -conversion. These godly men, in their fervent zeal, made little account of the divinely' provided machinery for the propagation of truth and the spiritual train ing of mankind. The Catholic and Apostolic Church, 'the tabernacle of witness' and keeper of holy writ, the Apostolic authority and order of the ministry, the sacraments as 'effectual' meaner and pledges of grace, and not mere signs, were set aside or made of little account under the belief of immediate and sensible operations of the Spirit accompanying the preaching of the Word. On the other hand, without denying or limiting the power of the Holy Ghost, diiect or otherwise, the Anglican school of theolo gians ceased not, knowing the deceitf alness of toe human heart, to contend not only for * the faith ones delivered to the saints,' but for the ministry and order of the Apostolic Church, and of the historic unbroken connection with it of the Reformed Church of England. I fail to see why these two schools of thought shauld be op posed, though distinct and separate. I believe their sympathy .was interrupted more by politi cal and social influences than any essential and positive incompatibility. Amid the adverse move ments of Romanists, Ritualists, Dissenters, and Freethinkers the question now is, will they co operate? This, in truth, is our Church's greatest need ; for the Erastian tendencies of a State Church which silenced for more than a century the clergy in their legitimate Synods ; the unquestioned need of extensive reforms ; the disestablishment of the Irish branch of the United Church of England and Ireland; and. the suspected spoliation of that of England ; the unwillingness to increase the numbers of Bishops for tbe oversight of increasing millions of the laity ; as well as the clergy, numbering nearly twenty-two thousand ; and, lastly, the unsatisfactory treatment of doctrinal and ritual questions by the Privy Council, call for union, and co-operation among Churchmen ; and now a very large body of laymen and clergy claim for the Anglican Church a just influence in the settlement of the above questions, affecting, as they do, their spiritual interests and herditary predilections. Hence the origin of Congresses, in which all parties in the Church meet together and freely interchange their sentiments. Perhaps in such full and free discussion lies the. solution of our present difficulties. 'Those difficulties have arisen principally from certain of the clergy who hold high views, especially concerning the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Considering tbat the ' inward and spiritual grace' of that holy ordi nance had been unduly disparaged, they have sought not only by their sermons, but bv 'ornaments',' both of the 'Church' and the 'minister,' to symbolise and show forth its dignity, They contend that they are justified in so doing by the existing ' ornaments,' rubric and the Act of Uniformity of 1662. By their opponents they am charged with disloyalty to the Church of England, secret falling away to Rome, and insubordination to their Bishops as the overseers of the flock. Of their wisdom, prudenoe, and charity the gravest doubts are entertained, but it is hardly consistent with candor or justice to question their honesty. ^ 'Vpry many of them are devoted, laborious, self-denying parochial clergymen, who carry with them in many oases the sympathy of their congregation?, ' In my retrospect of the last year I peroeive three prominent topics of interest :— 1. The ralation assumed towards the State by the Vatican. 2 The relation of Ritualism to the Ecclesiastical Law. 3. The attitude which some nataral philosophers appear to have assumed towards supernatural revealed truth. I desire to speak with humility and calmness en these subject*. *' 1. Not long ago the world was startled by the * expostulation ' addressed by the late Prime Minister to the lay Roman Catholics of Eng land, urging them to disavow the apparent limitation of their allegiance to the Crown by what are called rhe Vatican Decrees, viz , ' that the Supreme Pontiff has cfnoial authority to jadge and to declare what alone is true and obligatory, both iu faith and morals. In mixed questions, therefore, of civil law and moral *' duty— «noh 'as marriage, education, poli tical elections— it was thought that the consciences of Roman Catholics were placed under the constraining influence of their priesthood — that complications might arise in which the action of civil Government would be seriously impeded and its authority paralysed.' Whatever truth there may be in these allegations, it u certain that there was nothing new iu the assertion of this power by Pius IX , for Boniface VIII , in the year A.D. 3302, issued a bull, beginning * Unam sanefcam,' &5., which clearly lays down the principle that tbe ' temporal authority is subordinate to and de pendent on tbe spiritual' The latter judges the former, while itself is 'only judged of God.' (Fleurj's Ecclesiastical History, A.D. 1302.) The bull then goes on to claim this i spiritual authority for the Pope, as successor cf St. Peter, to whom it is said to have been given by Christ; therefore (so concludes the bul!) it is 'of necessity to salvation that every hum^n bhiag saoald own submneicn to the i&ia;&u; Pontiff.' In. eonsideiisg the terms of !tbifl bull, it is at once apparent that, though the spiritual man, in whom is the mind of Christ, has higher spiritual discernment in 'faith and morals' than the ' natural' man, yet he possesses no constraining secular power ox jurisdiction over him. He may counsel and exhort ;. but to depose and'interdict are acts of a different character. But if it be admitted that the Pope is infallible, the. hull of Boniface is binding on7 his successors, and Pius IX. has asserted nothing new. Moreover that such authority resides officially and personally in the Pope, not in the Church, the body and spouse of Christ is mere assumption: for the Apostles were equal in all spiritual gifts, and co-ordinate in all Apostolic authority. ; The Reyal Priesthood consists of the whole body of believers. In the inspired theocracy of the Hebrew people the Civil Lawgiver was' divinely commissioned to arrange the whole, structure and services of the Tabernacle ae well as the vestments cf the Priesthood. He solemnly invested with them Aaron and his sens. The Kingdom of Christ was not of this world^; but spiritually the twelve Apostles it was pro mised should sit upon twelve thrones judging: the twelve tribe* = of Israel —Matt. xx.. 38. The theory of the Pope's supreme jurisdiction over all other Bishops deuves no sanction from -tbat promise. Again, the * power of the keys,' if first given to Peter, was no less certainly given to the other Apostles.— Mat)., xviii. 17, 18. The eleven equally received the gift of the 3bly Spirit. Our Lord breathed on them all, and said, 'Eeceive-ye the Holy Ghost.3 The same apostolic powers were then conferred. * Whose soever sins ye remit they are remitted,' &o.; St. Paul tells the Corinthians twice that he was in nothing behind the very chiefesb Apostles. — 2 Cor. xL 5, xti. 1L Accordingly he felt it his duty * to withstand 3t. Peter to his face because he was to be blamed.' St. Peter erred, that is in judgment and in consistency. He was neither 'mentally nor morally infallible, for towards the Gentiles he was guilty of * dissimuia ion.' ; 'We pass, naturally, from the relations of. the Papacy to the State to the alleged violations of Ecclesiastical Law by c rtain of the clergy in regard to Ritual. No such alleged violation ; happily has been brought of late under my notice in this Diocese. I say happUy, forsoaad : judicial decisions on such cases under the various i Acts of Parliament, or documents purporting to have legal force, are very difficult of attainment. X will therefore confine myself to some explana tory remarks, which may help earnest enquirers to a candid consideration, of .the charges made against the Ritualistic party, and their reply to such accusations. They are accused then (I), of departing from the principles of the English Reformers; (2:, disaffection to the. Chu.ch ol England j and (3), secret adhesion to the beliefs and devotions ot the Koman Church.' The causeB of suspicions are patent and manifold. The first is the use of terms derived from the Primitive Church, and common to the Anglican as well as Roman. Tie term . 'Catholic,' for example, is used in our Liturgy, and does not mean Roman. In like manner the terms prietf , confession, absolution, sacrifice, altar,. Real Presence, by no means have the same sense as when used by Roman Catholics. 2. The re vival of services, rites, ceremonies, and institu tions which had fallen into abeyance, sash as daily services, weekly oommunioHS, special missions, retreats, gail is, 'sisterhoods.' Chris tian zeal and love newly awakened may need some such, objective supports' and outlets. 3. Devotional books for private use, translated from Roman Catholic, authors, and not free from erroneous opinions and questionable forms of prayer. 4. The adoption of special euoha ristio. vestments, emblematic crosses, the highly ornamented reredos, decorations and altar lights, and incense. The. point 'at issue is this. T& such Ritdalism.ih whole or in part contrary to the law of the Anglican Church— the i&come; of false doctrine, and ' a preparative for secession to Rome? Ornate churches and .rich ceremonial are no compensation for doctrinal error, a. religion of form or superstitious worship. The dogma which, underlies the Encharistio Ritualism is the 'effeo tuous grape' ©r 'inward part' of the Sacrament. While rtjscting transubstantiation of the ele ments, and the nataral corporeal presence of Christ in the ' hoBt' or ' victim,' our Articles, (Communion Office, and Catechism nevertheless teach that the bread and wine, when consecrated to sacramental uses, are 'eff ectuous' signs, and do make tbe faithful recipients, *arter a heavenly manner,1 * partakers of the body .and blood' of Ohrist ; that by means of them we do feed by faith on. Christ truly present, because ' made oDe with us,' ' taken and received verily and in deed' by our spirits, as they are 'given' {according to the 28th Article) by Christ a'ter the tieayenly manner (not ' gross or corporeal') of a spiritual body. Saoh is the way, in which Bisaop Andrewes and the Patristic school of theologians, interpreting our formularies while rejecting. transubstantiation and . the 'many superstitions' with which it is associated, main tained a ' Heal' Presence iu the sense of 'true* but sot ' corporeal. ' It is, then, easy to s e how .by the common use of -this word 'real,' .haying two different meanings, the Anglican may be confused with the Roman doe'rine. It is the same with the words 'sacrifice,' 'altar,' 'priest.' The Anglican sacrameut is for the 'continual remembrance of the sacrifice of the death of Christ,' not the continual repetition 'of it. Our sacrament is ' a sacrifice of thanksgiving,' not of 'expiation for the quick and dead.' Our holy ta*-le is ' Ged'a board' — an altar of praise, not propitiation ; our priesthood not mediato rial, but the official representative ministry of the * royal prieathooJ,' God's worshipping people. Th.roagb.Qui- our communion office the people's pri.enth.ooc!, oblation, confession, and thanksgiving are prominent. It is 'oar alms, and oblations.' ' We confess oar manifold sias;*. ' we do not presume to come t-- Thy table;' 'Grant us so to eat the fUsh of Thy dear Son, and drink His blood, tbat' our ' useful bodies may be made clean by liis body,' &o.; ; * com mand us to continue & perpetual memory;' ' hear us ;' 'grant that we may be partakers.' 'riuca is the tenor of the prayer of consecra tion, and the prayer of thanksgiving corres ponds:—' We, Thy humble servants entirely de sire ;' oar sac. ifico ;' * we and tbe whole Church ;' ' we offor ourselves, our soula aad bodies ;' 'although we are unworthy to offer uato Thee any sacrifice.' These expressions clearly show that the Anglican priesthood, altar, sacrifice, Real Presence have a different meaning from that taught in the missal and e&te;&hism; of Trent. Bearing m mind, then, this essential difference of useining, and the ^auction given by tbe earliest Christian writers to such term', as well as by great divines in our own Church in the seventeenth csntury, those who use theni at the pretent day are no« on that accmut disloyal to the Church of England. It may indeed be asked, why use them 'with offence?' The answer is that our Reformed Church, like the Old Catholics at the pre.ent time, was careful in separating from Rome to go back to primitive doctrine ana ueage of the one Catholic and ApDBtolie Church. To forego entirely such lan guage would be to break the cantinuity and historic connection of tbe Anglican with the tioly Uatbolio Church of tbe four first c n turies. For example, th - account of the Lord's Day service and administration of the Holy Communion given by Justin Martyr A D 150 (see Appendix), illustrates the above position, and shows how little the present teaching and language concerning tbe Eucharist varies from that »g«*. The principle, then, by which iCitualiats must be judged by Church man is, 'Have they in their preaching, their vestments, their ornaments of th.9 Church, their ceremonial, their boaka of pri. vafcfl devotion gone beyond the line which the Church of England has ^ra-yn in her liturgy, offices, rub ties, aud articles for the guidanoa and edification of her people ?' In the solution of thia question bosh the clergy and laity of the Ohuroh of England, nay, the whole Protestant body of believers, are deeply interested. In the newly-constituted Ecclesiastical Court and Supreme Judicature of Appeal it will probably find a final answer. Meanwhile, weary of the ?' Vestment and ornaments' discussion, to which matters an exaggerated importance has been given, .we gladly turn to St. Paul's rules, ' Let all things be done to edifying, and all decently and in order.' Lei the ritual of our Church, be in Harmony with the sober and solemn beauty of her liturgy. No more ia wanted. 'T pass to the last subject which calls for ob servatlon, namely, Biological Atomic Mate- rialism. To the Stoic and Epicurean philo sopher at Athens, in contradiction of their theories of nature, St. Paul taught the old Hebrew belief of a personal creator-' Jehovah, not far from every one of us ; in whom we live, and move, and have out being.' Of late a naturalist of high standing has professed to 'discover the potentiality of every existing form of living being in primary atoms,' self- formed and ' endowed with every power of varied development.' The reader of the poet Lucretius- recognises his theory reproduced ; but the 'how 'his atoms came at first to be in shape, round, angular, and hooked; and 'why' some moved perpendicularly, others horizontally and diagonally, in order to combine ; why their discord should end in harmony, their chaos result in order, their fortuitousness produce adapta tion, their confusion terminate in law, their matter be sublimated into spirit, their deadness be animated into life, and then sensation grow into mind and thought — these questions have been left unanswered by the modern experi mentist as well as by the heathen poet. It is strange indeed that an experimental scientist should abandon the safe ground of observation and induction to ' prolong his vision backward across the boundary of experimental evidence ' and guess that- there is in matter the ' promise and potency of every form and quality of life.' We venture to suspect that the intellect which can persuade itself of the identity of process in the crystallization of salt, the construction of the eye, and the composi tion of the Iliad, labors under some hal lucination. Again, the theory of the development of organisms through the in fluence of their ' environment' was not unknown to the witty comic poet of Athens. He ridi cules the natural philosophy of the day in the person of Socrates, teaching the dullest of pupils that 'subtle intelligence and ' airy 'speculation' were the result of intimate con verse with the ' clouds,' descending for the pur pose from the mountains of Attica to meet the sage. It is necessary, however, for the Clergy, if they would still influence the intelligent and educated classes, to obtain a fair insight into these theories of the present time, if it be only to judge and point out to others how far expert- mental knowledge has really advanced,' And what assertions are unproved or only half proved. : To find out God to perfection through the ' study of nature, discarding the light of revela- tion, will still be found impossible. God will still be the unknown God; and man will find 'no end in wandering mazes lost.' It is right, in conclusion, to state that the philo sopher whose conception of primary matter has been quoted above, has since admitted that in the clearest periods of his intellectual musings the consciousness that there must be in the uni- verse intelligence of a higher order than his own is vivid. And in the same discourse from which his sentiments on matter have been taken he also affirms ' there are such things woven into the texture of man as the feeling of awe, reverence, wonder, and love of the beautiful, physical and moral, in nature, poetry, and art. There is also that deep-set feeling which since the earliest dawn of history incorporated itself in the religions of the world.' 'Him, then, that 'the nations ignorantly worshipped from feelings woven in the texture of their nature, ' the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father,' did- by voluntary choice, as well as natural incarnation, declare. The fact that all the religions of the world have incorporated the idea of a Divine Being in worship— the. fact that all the root languages of the world embalm that idea of a ; Spirit,' 'Almighty,' a ' Heavenly Father,' are as much facts of experience as any observed phenomena of nature. Theology, therefore, and religion hive a scientific basis as much as any law of the material universe. I shall only add that while natural science pushed beyond its legiti mate sphere may deteriorate the perception and functions of moral reason, it is necessary that modern education should embrace the study : to enable through generally diffased in formation the public mind to judge how far theories of materialistic causation are borne out by a just generalization of facts, accurately observed and faithfully recorded. Far happier, far better for man is the belief that in God ' we live, and move, and have our being,' and that though 'the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain,' being made ' subject to vanity,' yet that it shall eventually be 'de livered from the bondage of corruption unto the glorious liberty of the children of God.' ' APPHKDIX. . Justin Martyr's description of the Primitive Christians' serVioa on the Lord's Day and of Holy Communion :— ' ' c. 85. When we have finished our prayers we salute one another with a kiss ; after whioh there is brought to that one of the brethren who presides bread and a cup of wine mixed with water; and he, having receive! them, gives praise and glory to the Father of all things through the name of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and gives thanks in many words for that God hath vouchsafed to them these things. And when he hath finished his prahea and th.aaksglvi.Bg all the people who are present express their assent, saying ' Amen,' whioh in the Hebrew tongue implies *3o be it.' The President having given thanks, and the people having expressed their assent, fchoBe whom we call Deacons give to each of those that are present a portion of the bread which hath been blessed, and of the wiae mixsd with water, and carry some away for those who are absent, c. 85. And this food is called by OS the Eucharist, of which no one may par take unless he believes that what we teach is true, and is wasked on thi laver, which is ap pointed for the forgiveness of sins and unto regeneration, and lives iu suea a manner as Ohrist commanded. For we receive not these elements a? common bread or comrnsn drink ; but even as Je-sus Ohrist our Saviour, being made flesh, by the Word of God, had bath & ah and blood for our salvation even so we are taught that the food which is b'essed by the. prayer of the word whioh came from Him, by the eoirver slon of whioh into our bodiiy substance our blood and flesh are nourished, is the fi^sh and blood of that Jestis who was made flash : for the Apostles in the Goipe's have related that Jesus thus commanded th.9m, viz., that having taken bread and given thanks He said ' Do this in remembrance of me ; this is my bodv ;' and that in the like manner, having taken wine and given thanks He said, * Tais is my blood ;' and that He distributed tham to these alone — Chevalier's Translation, p 275, 1833. 'Note. — With reference to the theory of 'environment' developing organisms, see Aris' toplu&eB;' ' Tbe Clouds,' v. 315. 'Socrates instructs Strepsiades thus : — ' The o'ouds of heaven are mighty divinities to feeble men ; They bestow on us apprehension, reasoning, intellect ; Marvel-mongering, mystification, the verify ing gift, the perceptive instinct. ' Note. — Real Presence. — Bishop Andrews, in his argument against Cardinal Bellarmine, ex paiu8 the words 'This is my body' thus: — * We believe no less than you do in a true Pre sence. As to the maaner of that Presence we are not rash enough to define anything. Pise sentlam credimus non minus quam Vos vAvam ; Ae moio prajjentis* nil temere definemub.' It may help ub t» a conception of Buch a presence* not gross or corporeal, but filter a ' spiritual , manner,' if we consider St. Paul's being caught up into the third heaven, whether in the body or out of the body he kne^jiot } yet truly, present there, and 'hearing unspeakable words,' although possibly in the body npon earth.' ' Note.— Of the alleged supreme spiritual jurisdiction of St. Peter we may also say that ne himself knew nothing of it, for he exhorts 'the elders' among the 'strangers' in Pontus, Galatia, Gappadocfoj 4?ia, and Bithynia, as ' being .himself an eider.' With St. John hie was sent by the Apostles to Samaria, — Aots viii. 14. The Council of Jerusalem (A.ots xv.), knew nothing of his supremacy. Polyoarp, Jjrenjeis, Cyprian, Bishops of Smyrna, Lyons, . and Carthage, in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, knew nothing of it. Gregory, first Bishop of Rome, A.D. 601, reprobated Uie title of uni versal Bishop, and St. Leo, Bishop of Rome, A D. 450, in nig sermons II., IIL, and on the Nativity, gives this interpretation of the 'power of the keys' granted to St. Peter.— Matt. xvi. 19. In him all the Apostles and all other chief ministers .of , the Church received It. We need not scruple, then, to reject the Vatican declaration -no less than tbe Bull of Boniface. It lacks scriptural authority ; lib lacks the witness of the Church from . the beginning. BUBIHE3S KBETIHQ. i At 3 o'clock the members of Synod— olerioal and lay-— met at the Churoh Offices, Leigh street, for the transaction of business. The Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with' prayer. THE SYNODAL BOLL. The Synodal compact was signed by new members, and the roll made up as follows : — Holy Trinity, Adelaide — Rev. Kichar son Reid, H. D. Holmes, J. S. Sanders. Christchurcb, North Adelaide— Ven. Arch deacon Maxryat, M.A., F. Wioksteed, Hon. A. Blyth, James Bath. St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. J. Pollitt, S. Cooke, V. Lawrence, 3. R. Fox, J. H. Cun ningham. St. Paul's Adelaide— The Very Rev. Dean Russell, Hon. John Cox Bray. W. J. Fullartou. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. S. Green, H. Duncan, T. J. King. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. F. S. Poole, B.A., A. M. Wilsoa. . 8b. Bartholomew'*, Norwood— Hev. W. B. Andrews, J. B. Moulden, A. Spenoe. All daiats', Hindmarsh, St. Margaret's, Woodville— Rev. H. M. Pollitt, .Benjamin Tay lor. . ' \\. - St. Andrew's, Walkerville— 0. B. Yoang, F. Halcoiab. . . St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jen Was, B. W. Meredith, J. Howell. ... St. George'?, Woodforde-^Rev. A, Hoaner^ VL D. Cruttenden. ;; St. Michael's, Mltoham— Sev. Henry Read, SI.A., N. Oldham. J. W. Lewi?. St. Saviour's, Glen. Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie, G. W. Hawkes, J. Hy Wiles. St. Mary's, bouth road, Gfaristhurch, O'JIal loran Hill— Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A,, B. H. Babbage, T. J. S. CHalloran, St. Peter's Glenelg— Rev.Thomas Field, M. A., E. M. DeMole, J. N. Taylor, St. Stephen's, Willunga, St. Philip and 3t. James', Noarlonga— Kev. BL K. Miller. St. James', Blakiston, Ohostohuroh, Mount Barker, St. Thomas', Balhannaa— Bev. J. W. (tower, John Forster, O. Weld, St. George's, Gawler— Rev, Canon Coombs, W. H. Lewis, T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapunda — W. Barlow. St. Mary's, Koormg*— -Rev. S, Howitfc, M. MaoDermott, A. Barker. - j, St. Jude's, Port BUiot-^Rev.^ B. T. HoweU, MA. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— W. S. Moore. Christchurch, Gambierton — Kev. J. F. Hooter. St. Thomas', Port Lincoln— A. J. Tollpy, R. Josli&g.; . Ohristchurch, Yankalilla— Rev» C. W. Morse, B.A., B. Lovelock. . All Saints, Moonta— Rev. C. G, Taplin, G. W. Sillifant, Thomas Evans. Holy Trinity, Riverton — Rev. J. Houghton. St. James's, Glenbora — James Lord. Emanuel, Chinkford— G. W. Byerlee. St. John's. Auburn— Rev. C. W. Hawkins, J. W. Castine. . St. Mary's, Wallaroo— J. B. Shepherdson. St. Martin's, Campbelltown — H. E. Downer. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa— G. B. DeMole. St. Jude's, iJrighton— H. Dutton, S. G. Pear son. Holy Trinity, Lyndooh— Rev. B. B. Webb, M.A., John Saudland. BSTOKTEB AND BE0BETABIE9. The Bishop nominated -the Bev. T. L. Field as Reporter, Mr. G. W. Hawkes as Lay Secre tary, and the Rev* S. Green as Clerical Secre tary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The new election Committee was appointed as follows ; — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. H. EL Doirner, C. B. Youag, and G, W. Hawkes. THE STATE OV TEE DI00E3E. The Bishop then read his report on the state of the Diocese. It was as follows : — 'In reviewiag the occurrences of tha past year tbey present the usual chequered character of life. It has been one of much anxious thought and labor, partly caused by the social changes through the operation of th«5 Ian i la^s, and partly by the unsettling of Curec, through the departure, absence, illneas, or death of some ot the clergy, ihe 'care of all the Churches' has entailed much personal labor, correspon dence, asd solicitude to maintain services of vacant cures as well as furnish some — though inadequate —supply of missionary visits to the settlers in the agricultural areas and townships. I proceed to give a brief summary of the more pro aiinent events :?— ' Material Progress. —St. Alban'a, Port Wake field; All Saints, Afoonta; and St. John's, Maitland, have been opened for Diviae service ; St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, improved and reno vated; and, St. Bartholomew's has been ceiled, and 63 sittings added at an expense of over £300. The parsonages at Kensington, Yanka lilla, and Port Elliot have been added to, and rendered more commodious ; one has been built at Auburn. Tha cathedral is advancing gradu ally towards completion, but iu order to render it fit for service flooring and seats are required. A spec al offertory fiom each Churoh in the diocese would help materially towards supplying these requisites. The architectural beauty of Mr. Butterfield's design is now generally ad mitted, and the site set3 off the building to the greatest advantage ; backed as it is by the gently wooded slope of North Adelaide, con spicuous on the approach to Adelaide from the Northern and Western railroads, connecting North and South Adelaide in the line of King William-street, and visible from every part of the Plain of Adelaide. It also forms an object of beauty from the Botanic Park and Gardens. Whenever finished with it* fegideand towere, the building, from its style and height, will be the great ornament to the city. it is to be hoped thtt not many years will pass before efforts will be made by the public at large to complete the edifice. Amid the turmoil of business life many '-a spirit, it is hoped, m*y find repose and comfort; within its walls at its daily services. ' Clergy. — Passing from the material to the personal constituents of the Church, we have to la neat with chastened sorrow the death of the Rev. W. Olayfield. He was taken to his r«t laat September, leaving a large district add numerous loving souh to lament their bereave ment. ' Though dead he yet; speaketb. ' to those who knew him to live as purely and love as tenderly aa ha did. The Rev. L. Sfcaaton re ceived leave of absence, and has sines resigned the charge of Kooringa. The Rev. W. Scott withdrew from the Diocese. These gaps in the ! ranks of the licensed ministry caused the I absence of the Rev. G. Pove to be felt more severely, but during his stay in England he did much to plead the cause of this Diocese and interest many in its behalf. He was able to confer with several clergy, to select tbe Rev. E. T. Ash, of St. John's College* Cambridge* as Mission Chaplain, and, I trust, to induce two or more to fake service also in the Diocese. Several, indeed, are wanted, but they must be men of faith, piaty, aad energy. None others can encounter and overcome the disunities of \- colonial missionary clerical life. 'Vacant tures.— At the present time the Talunga Mission j with Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside Churches % the Strath* albyn, including Langhorae's Creek, and Wel lington-; -the Meadows, Echunga, and Macclea field ; Port Augusta, and shortly also, St. Mary's, with Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill, and Brighton, are without inevmbent ministers. 'Missionary Clergy.— The shifting of the agricultural population to the new Areas has necessitated a modification of the parochial incumbency system. The congregations, les sened In number of attendants, have been unable to keep up the stipends of their minis ters to a sufficient amount. The clergy in some instances were compelled to aocept new charges. It was impossible, however, to leave the older rural Churches without pastoral care while new townships springing up in the Areas have called loudly for the supply of clerical ministrations. This is a state of things likely to continue for some years while the settlement of the Areas is going on. Tiro courses only are open to tho Church in this emergency — (1), to ordain a lower grade of clergy ltsa educated and of a lower social standard ; (2), or to call on serious- minded educated laymen as part of the ' royal priest hood ' of the Christian Ohurch to conduct ser vices as lay readers. To persons so disposed on; Liturgy, with its selected Scripture lessons, affords an. immense help. Our Church Hymn Book and a volume of plain sound sermons will enable a congregation, though without an Incumbent, to sanctify the Lord's day. Com bined with a system of pastoral visits from a District Missionary Clergyman, who shall ad minister the Sacraments, and visit from house to house, the population of the Areas may be retained iu Christian habits of worship until the growth of the township shall enable a parochial ministry to be planted in the centres of the population. This system was commenced, on the death of the Rev.tW. Clayfield, at Mount Pleasant, Mount. Torrens, and VVoodside. The removal of the Rev. F. S. Poole from Strath albyn to St. John's, Adelaide, extended it to Strathalbyn and Langhorae's Creek. The Rev. E. T. Howell inaugurated it successfully in the Broughton Areas. By the settlement of the Key. Hartley Williams at Melrosa, the townships of Laura, Jamestown, Gladstone, Georgetown, and Port Pixie, will receive regular visitation at fixed periods, and the services I trust will be carried on during the interval by- approved lay readers. At present the Talunga Mission is visited by the Rural Dean Canon Coombs, the Strathalbyn by the Re?. H. M. Pollitt. ' Station Missions.— The return of the Rev. Canon Dove has enabled me to reorganise the; Northern Mission. . His well-known missionary: work from Melrose to the Blinman, combined with his having refused choice preferment in England in order to continue his work amongst us, called for some recognition at my hands, I accordingly collated him to the Archdeaconry of Flinders, formerly so worthily filled by the late Arohdeacon Twopeny. The stations for merly, visited by Mr. Dove have gladly con tributed to meet the mission expenses. On the North-East the Rev. EL Hewitt has acceptably organised a partial missionary visitation, which he carried on until from the ravages of locusts and the drynnss of the season travelling became impossible from want of horsefeed. 'Port Auiusta.— I have been much disap pointed in not having been able to obtain a suitable resident clergyman for this important place. Meantime occasional visits have been paid to it by various clergymen, and on the arrival of the Rev. E. T. Ash. I was careful to send him thither on a visit, and to provide the populous mining township of Moonta with additional services. A resident minister should be settled at each as soon as possible. Much credit is due to Rev. O. G. Taplin for Ms minis terial services at Moonta. ' Supply of Clergy. — From the above details It is evident that more missionary clergy are needed. I am in hopes that Mr. Dove's arrange mcuaj .nade with three clergymen, in addition to ?is. Ast, will not fall through. Their passage money h .9 been provided through the liberal grants of the Ohurch of England Endowment Society. I must not omit to state that two visits have been paid by the Bev. Charles Morse during the last twelvemonth to Kangaroo Island. At Kingscote iand American River he officiated, and administered the sacraments. He reports a favorable progress and improve ment among the children and elder population during the five years in which he has visited the island. The mailboat passage across Backstairs Passage is often rough, and some times perilous. Mr. Morse had arranged on two occasions to visit KdithburghandLowerYorke's Peninsula. Ou both unexpected hindrances arose which prevented him from accomplishing the visit. The west coast was visited last year by the Rev. W. Hoiden, of Poouindis, and it is hoped that the Rev. Canou Farr will ba able to repeat his jaurnoy to Streaky Bay during the present year. The South-Kastern District has undergone coasiderable changes, tending, as in other parts, to shift the population. Lacepade Bay and the railroad to Narraooorte have half emptied Robe Town. The drainage works have gathered a considerable population on Mount aluirhead Flats ; aud the township of fllillicent is growing into a busy pl«ce. A railroad is projected from Mount Gambier to Rivoli Bay. An additional clergyman should, be stationed in thia district. The Rev. F. Hocter finds full occupation in. Gambierton and its neighbor hood, while Mr. Marshall is over-worked with the charge of Narrac jorte, Peuola, Robe Town, and Lacepede Bay. '?Training of Clergy. — The increasing de maud for clergy in England through, the divi sion of parishes, the building of near churches, the multiplication of services, the extension of missionary labor among the heathen possessions of Great Britain, the ampler provision also made for ths payment both of curates and in cumbents, have rendered it more difficult than ever to procure from home a sufficient supply of thoroughly edncated clergy and University men. Those of a different stamp are not accept able in an active-minded, intelligent, earnest population like ours. Inferior men are not wanted ; superior men can with difficulty be got from England. We mast, therefore, endeavor to educate ministers ourselves. 'Theological Students. — In order to en couraga seiious young men to fit themselves for the minis 'ry various plans have been devised. It is a p-irt of the foundation of St. Peter's Collegiate School, in return for the grant of £2.500 made by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provided for four theological students. To help them iu their education between 20 and 23, the age for the Diaconate, a pension of £50 per annum has ba?n provided for three, who shall ba approved by the Bishop. The first condi tion required is that they should have passed the local Institute examination or the matri culation examination for the Melbourne Uni versity, or ttfe examination for the Civil Ser vice in England. Messrs. Spicer and Buisell have fulfilled their conditions, and are actual pensioners, reaeivlng £50 per annum. Mr. Spicer is stud/ing at the University of Mel bourne, 'Theological Tutor.— In view of training younc; men in theology, as candidates for Holy Orders, I app.ied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, to aid in tbe endowment of Buch a tutorship in connection with the Cathedral. By last mail I received the gratify ing intelligence that a grant of £900 had been made on condition that a like turn was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for Propaga tion of the Gospel have generously assisted me in thia project, the former by a vote of £300. and the latter by one of £200. By the outgoing mail I was able to announce to the Society for Promotipg Christian Knowledge Board the fulfilment of the condition. There will then be invested during the present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theological Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop. So far, then, as human means are concerned in the prospect of procuring from time to time young men at ministers for the service, our Ohurch is by no means hopeless. Let us, how ever, never forget that it is not ours to inspire the necessary longing for the spiritual work. 'The harvest is plentous; the laborers are few.' How is this deficiency to be supplied ? ' Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that He will thrust forth laborers into the harvest.' Then only can we hope for theological students or ministers ' full pf faith and the Holy Ghost.' 'It will be seen, then, from the foregoing summary that the labors, anxiety* cares, and exertions to keep the machinery of the Church at work, though with diminished numbers and Increasing demands, have not been altogether unsuccessful, though far below the standard of true efficiency. There is, however, one point whioh I view with peculiar gratification, and which will be satisfactory to the clergy, as it is full of hope for the true growth of the Church. The number of candidates confirmed from 31st March, 1874, to 1st April, 1875, was 456. I ad ministered . the rite in 26 churches, the more distant being Clare, Kooringa, Port Lincoln, Goolwa, Moonta, Glenburn. The total number exceeds the average of the last three years by 125\. I have also the satisfaction of stating that the reverent demeanor of the young people and their voluntary attendance at the Lord's table afterwards convinced me of the anxious and prayerful Instruction which they had re ceived at the hands of their respective clergy men, ' In the history of the Church of England in this colony during my episoopaae of nearly 28 years I have often been reminded of that pas sage in the Prophet Zechariah, ch. v., 'That the light shall not be clear nor dark — not day nor night— but it shall come to pass that at evening-tide it shall be light ' (Zach. xiv. 6, 7.) Light enough to cheer with hope, dark enough to demand watchfulness unto prayer with labor and perseveranoe. ' ' Every plant which my Father hath not planted shall be rooted up' is the irreversible doom of the unfruitful fig-tree. We have been spared hitherto ; may the Dresser of the Vine* yard dig about and prune our Church that it may bring forth more fruit. So shall it be to the praise of His grace and the saving of many souls. In the meantime I am looking forward to that day when we may bring forth the top stone ef our Cathedral 'with shoutings;' but the building up of the spiritual Temple should be ever the first subject of our thoughts, and to build in lively stones into that edifice which is spiritually founded on' the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Ohrist hiwmalf being the chief corner-stone.' The Very Rev. the DBAN moved-—' That the thanks of Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address and Report, which, with the Statistical Returns, when complete, be printed in the Report.' He said he had never listened to any charge with more attention and sympathy than he had to the one delivered that day, and he felt grateful to Almighty God that He had guided their Bishop ts deal with matters which threatened to rend the Church, in such an impartial spirit. [Applause.) jnr. ir. w. .hawk&s; seconded, ne text thankful that they had one who could address them in troublous times as His Lordship had done that day. (Hear, hear.) The motion was adopted. STANDING COHMITTBE. This Committee reported as follows : — 'Assessment. — The Committee report that they estimate the expenditure for the ensuing year as follows : — Secretary's Salary ? £159 0 0 Printing ? 50 0 0 Postages ? 15 0 0 Advertisements ? 10 0 0 Sundries (gas, hire of chairs, exchange, stationery, &o.;) ... 10 0 0 £235 0 0 Amount borrowed from vacant Cures 1874-75 ? 13 10 0 £248 10 0 '1. Theyconsideritdesirable that a maximum rate of £15, and a minimum of HI 5s., should be fixed. 2. They recommend that to raiae this amount the assessment this year be 8d. per sitting let, or where no sittings are let, on the Stipend Fund, reckoning each £1 as a sitting let. 3. They have prepared a table calculated on this basis, which will produce a revenue of £240 9i. 8) , proposing that the providing for the balance of £8 0s. 4d. or any further amount that may be occasioned by the non-payment of any assessment for by a possible excess in esti mate of expenditure, or by extraneous aid. 'Schedule C. — The following churches are placed in Schedule O after June 30, 1875, having been in Schedule A more than 16 years :— St. Mark's, Pen wortham ; St. Mary's, Kooringa ; St. Mar tin's, Campbelltown; St. Barnabas', Clare; St. Jude's, Port Elliot ; St, John's, Salisbury. They recommend that the following Churches be placed in Sohedu'e O after June 30, 1876 :— St. Thomas', Port Lincoln, 144 ; St. Saviour's, GlenOamoud, IU ; St. Thomas', Balhannab, 14i ; Ghristchurco, Kadina, being selfsup porting; All Saints' Moonta, being selfsup porting. The only churches thit have appealed being St. Thomas', Balhannah, and Christ* church, Kadina. ' Synodal Expenses. — They are happy to state that the assessment for 1874-75 has been suffi cient to cover the expenditure and reduce the balance due at the end of last year from £30 to £13 103., which, amount they have borrowed from the Vacant Cures Fund. To attain this object they have obtained from the Attorneys of d.P.G. the sum of £7 5a. Id. as a gift. ' They are happy to state that every Church assessed has paid excepting Salisbury. 'Clergy Wilnw aad Orphan Fund. — The Trustees published a balance sheet to June 39, 1874, in the last report, and now publish pro gress. The second quinquennial return will be made up no June 30 next. 'Tabla of Collections, &c.; — They furnish a table showing the amount received from each ohurch for the various funds, and the amounts paid as grants-in-aid of clerical incomes : — Received— 1873 4. 1874-5. Synodal assessment ... £145 10 0 £190 0 0 Home Mission ... 233 11 1 280 16 0 Mission to Heathen... 119 6 3 142 8 6 Paid— Grents-in-aid to cleri cal incomes ... 664 13 6 628 18 1 'A tabla has been prepared, although not intended to ba printed, showing the relative amounts provided by each Church during the two years. 'Home Mission Fund. —They are happy to report an increase in the collections, and to show that they have paid the grant-in-aid of stipends at full scale. This has been effected for the first time for many years by increase of amounts collected and by handsome contribu tions from Lidy Young and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, aad also the special subscriptions received in answer to the Vicar- General's circular. 'Misiion to Heathen.— They are happy, to call attention to the increase under thia head. They regret to observe that some Ghurche* have made no collections, although there is m continued slight improvement in the numbs* of Churches contributing. They have divided that portion of the funds placed at their dis cretion equally between the Melanesian and Lacepede Bay Missions. ' Endowment of Ohurohes. — They report that no Churches have been endowed this year, but that the Incorporated Churoh of England En* dowmeat Society have now a sum available for that purpoeei ' Schedule A, — No Churches have been added to this schedule during the year. 'Statistical Returns. — They regret thai there has been more negligence than ever In. sending the returns, and the insufficient manner in which some of them are made up ; the fact is the Secretary has found it impos sible to prepare a return up to the present time. The printer pointing out the difficulty (in the way of additional expense) that would result in making out a partial return, and they think it desirable that this matter be con* sidered by Synod. f OOHINDIE HAUVE INHT1TUT1ON. Mr. G. W. Hawkes reported as follows on this institution :— - 'My numerous engagements have prevented me from making my annual visit of inspection during the year ending March 31, 1874 ; I hope, however, to be able to spare a week before Christmas. I have every reason to be satisfied with the accounts I receive weekly, and the returns made by Messrs. Hoiden and Nawland. ' Tbe subject of most interest in connection with the Mission Station during the past year has been the ordination of Mr. B. W. Hoiden as Deacon in March last ; it has always been my wish that the Mission should be superin tended by a gentleman in Holy Orders. In consequence of the severe attack of illness Mr. Hoiden Buffered from last April, . his medical advisers ordered rest from work and ohanga of air. Two months' leave of absence have been, therefore,vgranted to him. He purposes visit ing the other colonies ; a sum of money has been voted to enable him to do so. 'Tbe engagement of Mr. Win. Blaokmore at schoolmaster was necessitated from tae in* creased number of natives at the station, causing the time of Mr. Hoiden to be con tinually occupied with management business and keeping accounts. The trustees are to be congratulated on having secured, in the person of Mr. Blaokmore, the services of one In every way qualified to discharge the duties assigned to him, and also to supply .Mr. Holden's place during his absence. ' The Mission has been visited during the year by the Revs. W. H. Sharp and Samuel Green, who, accompanied by an ' Eleven' of the College boys, played a return match at cricket with the natives of Poonindie, whom I am grand to say were on this occasion the victors. I received very satisfactory accounts from both clergymen, who inspected the schools and held services In the Mission Church. ' The Rev. George Taplin, Superintendent of the Point McLeay Mission, has visited the sta tion, and remained there one week. His report is so gratifying to me that I add it to this as an appendix, as I feel sure it will be appreciated by all friends of mission work, coming as it does from one who has gained so much experience of the character and habits of our aborigines. Mr. Taplin has lately published a valuable work on the 'History, Manners, and Customs, Lan guage and Mythology, of the Natives of the Lakes and Lower Murray.' It is a useful. and most interesting production. I subscribed for six copies for our institution. ' Appended is a paper giving the numbers and other particulars relative to the natives living at the Station :— The quantity of land that has been in cultivation at Poonindie up to March 31, 1874, 392 acres; cleared, grubbed, and ready for plough, 80 acres ; land under crop with wheat in January last, 180 acres ; land under crop for hay satre date, 20 acres. There are 110 acres of land lying in fallow, to be sown next year. xne lambing for year ending marcn m, 1873, was 84 per cent. ' A statement of the accounts for the past year, with balance-sheet, showing a profit of £520 2s., will be found annexed to this report, ' In conclusion, I have only to add an. ex pression of entire confidence in the zeal, ability* and good management in their iespeotive.de* partmenta of the Rev. O. Hammond, Rev. B. W. Hoiden, and Mr. Watts Newland. I desire also to acknowledge ths valuable services aud hearty co-operation of Mrs. Hoiden in the work of the institution.'* ELECriON COJOtrnEE'B BEPOBT. It was resolved that that portion of the report referring to the election of Synodsmen for St. Luke's be sent back to the Committee to ascertain whether two of the Synodsmen hid been returned when not in full communion. TREASURERS AND AUDIT0B8. Messrs. H. Dutton and A. Spence were ap pointed Treasurers, and Messrs. H. D. Cruttea den aad H. H. Thomas as Auditors, for the ensuing year. STANDING COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee was appointed as follows :— The Very Rev. the Dean, Ven. Arch* deacon Marryat, Revs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, T. Field, H. M. Pollitt, and O. W. Morse, and Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, C. B. Young, F. Wicksteed, W. Barlow. *?. D. Crattenden, N. Oldham, A. Blyth, W. Gosse, H. E. Downer, J. W. Downer, A. Spence, G. W. Sillifant, H. Dutton, and F. Halcsmb. AS3ES80BB. The following Assessors were appointed : — The Daan, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Coombs, Revs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, C. W. Morse; Messrs. C. B. Young, A. Spence, G. A. Connor, G. W. Sillifent, 0. H, Pearson, and G. E. DeMole. CHUttOH ADVOCATE. The Bishop nominated Mr. W. Barlow as Church Advocate, and the nomination was eon firmed. BEPSESENTATIVE8 TO GENBBAL 8TK0D. The representatives to General Synod were appointed as follows :— Clergy— The Dean, the Archdeacon, Rev. S. Dove. In case of emer gency—Archdeacon Dove, Revs. J. F. Hocter and W. B. Andrews. Laymen — Messrs. W Barlow, C. B. Young, H. E. Downer. la oases of emergency— W. A. E. WeBt-Brakine, J. Halcombe, and the Hon. A. Blyth. COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. The following gentlemen were appointed a Committee of Appeal :— The Rev. B. T. Howell, Mr. H. E. Downer, aud Dr. Gosse. : NOTICES OF MOTION. Various notices of motion were given. BEPORTS FROM CHURCHES. The Bishop said he had been unable to make mention of several Churches in his report en the Diocese, as the reports from them had come in too late. COMMITTEE BEPOBTS. It was resolved— 'That the reports of the Standing Committee, and Missionary, Education, and Destitute Children Committees be received, taken as read, and published in Report.' BAtANCB-SHBET AND ACCOUNTS. It was resolved—' That the bal&noe-sheet; of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1875, and the progress account of tha Trustees of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, be received, adopted, and published in Report.' . THANES 07 THE STNOD. It was resolved— 'That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the 8.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P. A. Fund, the Trustees of the poonmdieNatiF&Inetihition;, the Committees cf the Church of England Endowment hooiety, 300 ^ Melaneskn, SQf^gn, Ijaoepede Bay Native \ 'tJ?^^--'*6. tMooesan library, for their j portsjBS^aJ&^go,! returns, and that «xey e t^Pl^dlailfrfil^hed In the Beport.' . *-: ??S-^SKS^MSST FOE SYNODAL SXFBNSES. / . . '; Mr. Wickstheo proposed — ' That the aa esBment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Gommltteee fer the year 1875 only.' The Dean moved as an amendment — ' That this Synod does not agree to that por tion of the Standing Committee's report which proposes a scheme of assessment for the en \- suing year, based pa the principle of rating on Sittings let.9* The Bev» Fk S. Foolb seconded. ' Aftersome discussion, themotion was carried. . The Dean then moved—' That the wordB !* maximum rate of £15 be struck oat of the -clause, referring to this matter in the Standing Committee's report.' Carried. Mr. PeabSON \- moved, and Mr. Dmmos seconded—' That the ^assessment on St. Jade's, Brighton, be reduced tip what it was last year.' The motion was. -negatived, . eefqehno of synod. It was reaelved, on the motion of Mr. R . Wjoestskd, that Bev. F. S. Poole, Messrs. ', . Q. W. Hawkes, and A. Spence, be a Gora v jultiee to «dit the Beport of Synod, and ? that it be an instraotion to them to incur as little : expense as possible. ? - OHTJBOH 7B0PSBTr. ?,: Mr. 5', Wxsksxbkd .asked leave to bring la a measure providing ** That in the ease of \- Churches seeking fto send Representatives to .Synod, the land whereon the church stands being under the provisions of the Seal Property . Act, it shall be absolutely necessary that the certificate of title ba in the name of* The Synod of the-Ghirch of England in she Diocese -of Adelaide, Incorporated.9' Jteave granted, And the Synod, in Committee, proceeded to consider the measure. The Bev. O. W. Mobsk thought this maasure might press hardly on churches - recently purchased which were vested in -trustees. Mr. H. ; & Downeb pointed oat that this could' not apply in each oases, as trusts were aot recog nised by the Beal Property Act. The Sev. : Canon Fabb pointed out that ife had been a \- similar oase with country Institutes, and the :- Government, had been obliged to bring in a Bill to meet the case. The resolution was carried, . and the report of the Committee was adopted. ASSISTANCE TO CHXTBOHEB. ? Mr. WlKXffDSXD moved—' ' That the churches «8 recommended by Standing Committee be placed in Schedule C, after Jane 30.' Pro testa against this motion were received from St. Saviour's, Gien Osmond, and Si. Thomas's, Balhannah. The former pretest was submitted on motion of Mr. Q. W. Hawses, but was negatived ; the latter one was, however, agreed to. The fiav. O. 6. Tatun also protested, 'With success, against the grant being with . drawn from the Kadina and Moonta Churches. EDUCATION. ' ihe Bev. A. Honneb moved—1* That the ' ?scheme propounded for. the formation of a Board of Education in connection with the Church of England, as drawn tip by a late Committee, be adopted, and that a Committee be now ap pointed to make the necessary arrangements for . the carrying out of the scheme.' Dr. G-OBSB moved the previous question, as ne . considered it was a matter which could well be delayed. The Bev. J. HOTOHTOH seconded th» previous question. The motion was subsequently with drawn. ? OBPHUff OETLDBEN. The Bev. A. Honnbb moved a resolution to the effect that the Chairman of tba Desti 'fate Board should be requested, tb give in a report to His Lordship every, half-year as to the welfare of destitute children belong .lag to the Church of Englasd, and that should the request be refused, a petition be sent to the. House of Assembly, asking that 'such a return should be issued. He considered '/this question was of much more importance: -than the Synod seemed to consider it, and he was determined tb press the matter. The Bev. 8.TJBEEN -.seconded. His LoSDSHtP read cor respondenpe which had passed on the subject, in which tfce Chairman of the Board offered to give a list of Church of England children in the Institution to htm, and to allow the clergy men to recommend homes for the children. 'The Ds&S; expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the action of the Destitute Board now, though he had at first been rather suspicious of them. The Bev. A. Honhbb was pleased to hear all that bad been said, but nothing would shake his conviction that the boarding- out system was not the best for this colony, as he considered it unfair to the children. The motion was lost. MOONTA AND MABPiAMB PABISH. \- The Bev. S. Gbkes moved— 'That All SaintB', Moonta, and St. John's, Maitland, be formed into a 'united parish, and that the Archdeacon, Bev. S. Green, and Mr. T. Evans be a Committee to define the boundaries of -each part, and recommend the same to the Synod for adoption bo soon as the necessary conditions are complied with.' Carried. The Synod theft adjourned till 3 o'clock next day* 