; LA PILLE DU ; DIAI3LE. A TALE OF MELBOURNE '' LIFE. r BY DONALD CAMERON, AUTHOIt OF " SORirOPOLIS," 1 PROLOGUE. _____ THE TRIAL OF THE PILLE. Wherein the roador is introdnced to a quiet racecourse, and witnesses a trial. He iB rospect- ' - fully requested to keep his eye upon this chapter, for it is the keyBtono of tho edifice. It should \-- have come in later, but no matter. The grey dawn was breaking — what I leave the poets to state. The rosy fingers of Aurora were lifting the cur- tains of darkness that had hung heavily npon the world, and letting in the early irradiation of morn, while the pendent ntars began to quenoh their ineffectual fires, and dotted the blue sky like pale ' pearls on an Eastern beauty's robe. A low, creeping mist was making wings far itself wherewith to fly away, and already portions were sailing over the heavens in the form of fleecy white clouds, tinged with the orim8on of morning. What of low, grovelling morta: bodied and flitting away ir about whioh we pretend t much, when, in faot, we kno A oold wind swept in fro rustling tho leaves and ourlil into faotastio shapes. Far glassy blue of the eea an dark shores looming in th and here and there tbe indi of some vessel disturbed the of the picture. But I ween the party asset morning on the piece of lo« ground designated by courtet bore racecourse, paid little L sky or landscape. To the morning, and nothing but mt A very uninteresting spot racecourse. It was an open s dered with tbe straggling t Australian landscape, a oottaf here aid there peeping thro conscious they were out of j ought to be ashamed of tbemi A group of men were gf front of the grand stand, a .tu erection, whioh sadly belied sounding name. It bad bei _ by the looal olub, whioh oc """ certain Bonifaces whosubBcrit money for a yearly meet in t borhood, so that they might a to the very small business th did. The group was composed c some yoath and four raki , . , - l they were 5 > the man , »> , i j i . , as bright the moBt an unmis . I, notwith- . ; . . ithey were lers of that ' nstitution, i approved a set off to mbs. On iown 09 a it not for ' tenanoe, a ardioe, of ' .t W8B dlS- itioeable a of a man < \- hmael, bis 'ery man's rd ' gam- is face in ;he young He was \- , of time, 'key Boon eg out a , with a orrature ling and ' " ; ' tline; the i'.rils, tbe ised, the ized upon "A clipper, ain't she," said the youngest of the party. " Well, Fills, you're going to be tried to-day, and if you den't astonish the ring, my name's not Ben Josephs." " Come," said the tallest of the lot, a withered, hawkeyed, faawknosed gentle man, dressed in a peouliar old olothes- merohant style, produoing a lined pocketbook, " I'll bet 2 to 1 she don't do tbe distance in 3 36." " Done in hundreds," replied a fat- faoed, lew-looking man, whose nose had long since b?en turned out of the perpendicular in some prizefight. " And I'll take you again," said Ben Josephs. "Done." And the bets were hooked. ' " If she does it and I lose," said the tall man, Ike Barnett by name, " 111 pull it up when she w<ns the Cup." " Fetob out Eagleswing, and let them go," said Ben. Eagleswing was the " schoolmaster," a handsome horse enough, it is true, but nothing when standing by the side of the " Fille." "Fanoy old Willis' ghost hovering about," said Ike Barnett, as he glanced at the horsep. " Wouldn't he wish he was in the flesh again, and the owner of — what's her full name Ben ? " La Fille du Diable.' replied Ben. " Queer name ; something about the devil, ain't it T' asked Ike. " Don't know much about French," said Ben, " but a chap who parley vous told me it meant the Daughter of the Devil. Struck my fancy, so I gave her that name." " Relative of yours," said one of the fellows " Old Willis was a game 'un," said the fat faoed man ; " if he'd not been killed you'd gee him at the Gup with a good 'oss, I'll warrant/' " What are you always talking about old Willis for," said Bon, crossly. "He's dead and gone, and talking won't fetoh him out of the grave. What was that?" There was a low rustle. " Nothing," said he ; " soma dog in the bushes." They could not see, but behind one of the numerous bushes there crouched a pale, wretched looking girl, ill- dressed, but with the traces of early beauty on her worn face. She was watching the proceedings intently. "Bessy's pet!" said the woman, "the poor little thing, to fancy sho iB meant to ruin those who brought her up and fed her. Can I prevent this? How helpless I feel." Away in the eool morning air, the sun glinting oheerfully on the course, sped the two horses. Tbe ease and grace of Fille du Diable was indescriba ble. She paesed her companion like a flash of light, turned the course like a rocket, and oame down the straight with a velooity that cut the air with a rushing sound. Panting, but not dis tressed, she was pulled up, and trotted in with a proud exalting air, pawing and prancing. " Time, 3.354 !" said Ben, placing his watch in his pooket. " And 31b more up than she'll have to carry," said Ike. " I lose £400 in the trial, but I'll make £40,000 on the Cup. Won't it be a regular boil over ?" And the harpy faces absolutely broadened into something like good humor. But the effect was different on Ben. His face assumed a dreamy, absent look. He was thinking of some thing different. " I will be rioh beyond my hopes," he thought ; " but can 1 ba happy ? If site would love me, if he were out of the way. Curse the fellow. And she shall love me. Her own pet shall be the ruin of ber lover." And after severally patting the mare, they passed away to imbibe a morning draught. The woman, who had watched the rial, looked steadfastly on the scene for a few moments, and then disap peared in the bushes. PARTI. A NIGHT IN MELBOURNE, Chapter I. — Before the Bar ffheroin divers parties concoot divers mo,, the development of which will be hoard of «« ' Bon Josephs becomes a banker, while his heart was bankrupt — Old Willis lam t?1 lossos.— Herein, toe, are brought forwa.g fi" hero and heroine. a ftl Night bad thrown her star-spano-lpj blanket over nature, and that benefice mother was taking her ordinary snn to tbe music of Beethoven batraohiaif3 and other nocturnal musicians, fir country was hushed in stillness, butt?0 great city was alive with life and bustlsf As in nature, tha night is the cbos»„ time for beasts of prey to roam abroad so human raptores seek the darkness t effect their evil purposes, and ia it city, night is their harvest time. Bonri street is crowded with them, hanui round bars lurking at street corner? seeking whom they may devour ani gullible mankind walk about imauL! it enjoys itself. Pah! S 'CS ( To be conl'muedin our neat. J 