HAUNTED. [From All the Year Round.] There broods no shadow o'er these ancient walls, Where the bright rows clamber ; As flutily the mellow blackbird calls, As silverly the fountain spirts and falls, As when, of old, her face from yonder chamber Looked forth at dewy morning early, While yet the moon, a crescent pale and pearly, Hung low is the blue West, and all the east was amber. There broods no shadow, such as evil times And fallen fortunes summon, cold and grey, Beneath whose shroud creeps the slow ghoul decay, Slow but insatiate. Wild unworded crimes, And nameless sorrows have not pall'd the place, With bodiless gloom, more dread than dark- ness' self. The weird, wan-visaged elf, Solitude, voiceless mate of silence, keeps No endless vigil here. A ring-dove sleeps, Sun-warmed, upon the porch, Joy's song is chanted. By happy lips of children all day long. It is a home of peace and summer sons ; And yet, the place Is haunted ! The heart-loved haunts of memory are thronged With gentle ghosts, that chill us not, nor chide. Ones through these flower-pied paths & form did gUde, Whose sonny eyas shine happier o'er the years, And brighter through my tears. That far-off spring with sweeter birds was aong'd Taan any summer now, became her voice Sang refrain to all carols. In my heart The musio eohoas still ; oh, heart, rejoice That aught bo dear and deathless may have birth Iu this cire- cumbersd earth ! Here is the curl she dipt. Its fellows now Show silver 'gainst Its sable, yet within All wakes to youth at thought of her. The din Of desperate life of wild and strenuous days, Has never drowned those low, love- burdened lays 8ha sang to me at twilight here. Ah strange ! Was It last even? Here? The changeful range Of three long decades shrinks, and lo ! I'm puke to pulse again with the dim long ago. See, there she glides, her long soft hair un bound, Her lightsome feet soarce pressing the glad ground, More than some flying leaf ! Can tears so quioken sight, and phantoms shape From memory's shadows ? Thee I cannot drape With any veil of age, or garb of grief ; So young, so bright, so gay, Aden'zjnof day Tiiou wert, thon ait; not eveu death bath power To shadow thee. This was thy favorite bower, This, this— and still, as ere thine eyes did close, The honeysuckle mingles with the rose. A benisen on those soft stranger bands That have been tender with this leafy screen ; In what dear visions seen On lonely nights, in far and fbwerlees lands ! A gentle splrit-tcnch is en mine eyes, Soft as thy lips were. Should thy wraith srise Setweea me and the sun, wert thou more near, Oh darling of my youtb, loug dead, jet donbly dear? Haunted ! This garden was Let* bast-lo^ed realm, £tom lil&o; time to leaf fall. Branchy elm, Peers not a face between thy leafy low Sward- s weeping baughs ? Ah no ! ' To- day the nodding roses know her not, Even the gentle lily hath forgot The gentler hands that tended, long ago, Its bnds of breaking show. Qaick Nature holds no memory of the dead ; Ghosts of slain blossoms, leaves that last year shed, Haunt not her greye-t hours. The roses live But for the living, and no fragrance give To parted spirits, though their blossoms wave Above a green and unf orgotten grave. Man only lives in memory's ground enchanted ; Only the heart Is haunted. 