CLIPPINGS. A HINT TO Dkinkehs.--At a festival recently, a gentleman said of the cure of the .use of intoxicating drinksI over came the appetite by a receipt given to me by old Dr. Hatfield, one 01 the good old physicians who do not have a percentage with a neighbouring druggist. When 1 called on him he {.aid, 'Now that you have the moral courage I'll tell you the tonic which L have used with effect among my friends for 20 years.' I expected, of course, some nasty medicine stuff: but no, he pre scribed an orange every morning, a half hour before I reakfast. * Take that, and you mil want neither liquor nor medicine.' I have done so regularly, and find that liquor has bccotne repulsive. The taste of 'thq, oirapge is in the, saliva of the tongue, and it . \\\quid, he as well to mix water and oil, as rum with my taste." THE. .MAYOR OF Warkwohtii--A good story is mentioned by " Klfin." It is said that atiWarkworth the Inst person who has become a freeholder is always the'next mayor, A poor woman at' WiirftWorth, who \yas not "a scholar," received a letter by post.; Nbt being altogether satisfied with the readings given, by her neighbours, she.jesolyed "to invoke the assistance of authority. .Accordingly, she went to the very,(highest power.to which she had access, nnmely, the Mayor of Warkworth. It so happened, thnt Iris worship, in vernacul.ir phrase,' l!could not mark his nationals on a : bread loaf." It is said that the next best thing to being wise is looking wise. The Mayor of Warkworth took the poor woman's letter with the profound gravity of Lord Burlek'h in the Critic. And the Mayor of Whrkworth remained equally silent. The poor woman at last guessed the true, cause of, the silence and timidly ob^-erved~,, Mister Mayor, yer haddin the letter the wrung way up." " Woman," sternly replied the Mayor of : Wat kworth, u div ye think aa wad be fit to be Mayor o' Warkworth wivoot aa cud read it owtner way 1" In a Parliamentary committee for a new railway If, has been necessary to prove a certain^ vdlley is a populous place., The following questions and answers passed i>i the process;-"" Do you mean to tell the committee;" said counsel for opponents of the. new Hue, u that you never saw an in habited house in that valley P" " Yes, I do," Replied the witness.' " Did you ever see a vehicle there in all your life P"' "iYes.1' " Very good." Some other ques-. Hons were put, which led to nothing particular, but1 just as the witness was leaving the box, the learned gentleman put one more question! "I am instructed to ask you if ,the vehicle you saw was not the hearse of the last inhabitant." '\ It was." IT is. stated by the Graphic that among tlio numerous diseases which are peculiar to those engaged iji cei taiu occupations, nnd which, arise from tlio nature of their occupation, a particular form of j uralysis to which telegraphic clerks are said to lie liable may now bo reckoned. This disease was lately reported by a French physi cian to the Araddmie des Sciences. The affeo tion is thus described " An employ&who; had been engaged for nme years in a Telegraph-Office found that lie eoidd not form clearly the letters U, represented by two dots and a stroke; I, re presented |by two dots : and Si by three dots. On trying-to traco the letters liis hand became stiff and cramped. Ho then endeavored to use his thumb alone, and this succeeded fur two years, when his thumb was similarly attacked, nnd subsequently ho tried the first and second fingers, but in two mouths thoso were also paralysed. Finally, he had .recourse to the wrist,-which also shortly became disabled. If he forced himself to use his hand, his wholo arm and the side of'ltis body trembled violently, and corebral excitement ensued. This disorder is reported to bo common among telegraph clerks, and,to arise from the.constant straining of the same muscles in n never-varying occupation. If it. be true that this form of paralysis is general among !tho$o 'engaged in the telegraph service, arrangements might porlmps be mado to vary the operations of the officials by transferring them occasionally from one branch of the busiuess to another." ' LONDON IN 1875.-There are staled- to bp 2,500 miles .of'streets in London I The metro politan houses number-nearly half a million; they are consequently sufficient, with an averago frontage of five yards, to form one continuous row of buildings right round the island of Great Britain, from the Land's end to John 01 Groat's (000 miles), from John o' Groat's to the North Foreland (540 miles), and from the Norlh Foro land ,bnck again to the Land's End (320 miles), equal'-to 1,400 miles altogether. Titrc Chicago Tribune announces that Mr. Robert Dale Owen has become insane, He had unhesitatingly accented as supernatural some manifestations at Philadelphia, and had lived some time thore in order to miss nono of the stances. A certain " Katie King," who was tlio principal agent in producing those manifesta tions, , afterwards confessed thiit they were a fraud, Mr. Owen had in the meantime written nu article upon them in the Atlantic Monthly, in which ho spoke of them as furnishing an un doubted proof of a life hereafter. The day beforo tho article appeared the fraud was ex posed. Ho telegraphed to Boston to cut out the article, but it was too lute. Tlio Magazine was already printed. A thin slip of paper dis claiming any editorial responsibility, and thus increasing tiujt of tho ,autbor, was prefixed to tho sketch. The blow was too heavy, and Mr. Owen's mind gave away under it. A ponMKli resident of Ncufolintel, in Switzer land, describes in the Gcclong Advertiser what ho declares to bo a very equitable system of taxation peculiar to that part of the world. The. chief tax imposed is an income tax, but there is a broad line of distinction drawn between the inconio derived from a man's property nnd bis earnings, tho former being taxed at about ton times the rate of tlio luttor. By this means capitalists in receipt of large incomes are made to contribute largely for the protection and assistance they enjoy, while such ns depeud on their wages or salary, and are consequently not in tho same position to contribute, are only taxed to a very moderate extent. The system is said to work in a way that is extremely satisfactory to all classes. I?ATIiKit STIFF !-With a sardonic grin, AYi\^ oured somo mucilngo into his empty hair-oil ottle, yesterday, nnd this morning the hair of one of the servant girls was stuck so tight that slio could not open her mouth. A noitsB at Jackson, Michigan, is 51 years old, perfectly sound in eveiy respect, and does a good day's work every day. A cohuksi'ondknt, who thinks that our cab men have of late grown more civil, attributes the fact to the presence amongst them of a very considerable number of gentlemen, who, though they, have fallen from their old sooial position, linvo not lost their good manners. It is said by u Scotch paper llmt there are at the'present time; driving cubs in the London streets an ex M.lV, a late Governor of tho Bank of England, a Into Fellow of a Cambridge college, and a clergyman who was lately a resporideut in a I diviiruc suit. THE COST OF-A^Typogiiafhioav Emioh; .-In certain .'Papers relating to Her Majesty's ; »iwl iPo^sions," issued recently, and wnicu ^^contiiiii" Itntistids as to the finances, Ration, &o.;, of the colonies for the year 1873, there is given a singular instance of a typographical error costing; tho United States Government many thousands of pounds. Gov« ernor Pope Hennessy, in his analysis, of tho, JiUie Book o? tliOi Bahamas; saysOwing to a misprint in one of the Acts of Congress,' the Bahama fruit dealers made an unexpected profit »M'e^eur 1878.' On tho 6th of June, 1872, Mi Act of Congress was passed, entitled'' An t I r.emlre Duties on Imports, and to reduce Interhiu Taxes, and i<m oilier purposes,' In tho original'bill was a clause exempting from tliQ go per (cent. qxl. valorejit, duty, «Fruit plant?, tropica}, an^ semi-tropical, &r; Urn pur pose of propagation or cultivation.' But. iu the ^engrossed Acts of Congress a comma Was instituted, by a clerical error, for a hyphen, and tlioexemptfng words stood thus'Fruit, plants, tropical mid «emi>tropic«l, for the put bosv of uru« imgntlon or cUltlvntfon.' When the mistnkowin discoveled, Congress had risen, mid it was too lute to rectify it till the following session. Meanwhile the Bahama traders brought actions >n the United States Courts to recover the 20 per cent, ad valorem duty that they havo been com iftlo Tip!l7r tfie Cth of June, i? . .. 'ie ^n,'ed States Government allowed the actions to go by, default, as the Secretary'of the Treasury deoided that the clerical error rendered a uew Act of Congress necessary to' Un?M dr.ty Tn AroI,ical "»«*? The' United States Consul at Nassau informed mo that about 50,000dols,| were repaid by the United States, Government to the Bahama traders in consequence of this mistake; In addition to this,_no duty was leviable until the 1st of Juljr, 1873, when the Act rectifying the .mistake came into operation; so that the greater of Ihls ve«r iSnPPinf Sea?°n 0f tUe Ba,mma dLSdSJw' T'"so bei"s con fin,SonAIiaS'~^t-Ai/u t,ie sharks are exceedingly Sevcral instances have recently occurred of natives being actually dragged out of the cauoes by sharks and devoured. Others, when »i^U8f« . oute,'.e^g° of the reef, were in sunt of their companions carried off by these in sidious foes concealed in the foam of the breakers. .l':;,yestr/°ly!,e8'A ^ie anient practice of burj mg the dead in the sea hns made the sharks here particularly fierce. The writer oS.ce got V£°. a ,snm11.en»oe and was paddled ashore at frii i'tAi i1'®0 of ^ a ,ni'6, We had teny le! I ?. p-8 8ide w,ieu a large 8haik that lmd - been following the ship chased us. The natives paddled with their might, but our foe #n?H y ^ufll,l'0,!us' Nothing could be easier foi the shark than to upset our crew and secure ft-victim. We therefore deemed it wisest to stop paddling, and when the flsli came suf. fioiently near wo ga.ve him, to his intense dis Ifit * several blows on the head with the paddles, lite foe retreated, and we made for shore; But the hungry monster, recovering from his fright, again chased the little canoe. Again w'e were compelled to pause and fight. Upon the shark's second retreat we gained the reef, and felt thankful that we were at Inst saved. Notlomr since, fa white man in full diving dress went down in* Mom- Pass; in Torres Straits, in quest ?L"n }\ V\ Tter <Avicu'a)- A number of formidable sharks soon surrounded him, their eyes glaring upon the intruder. In the liope of frightening them away, he unwisely stabbed tho nearest with the knife used-for opening pearl hnlml ? H $1' ^00(* W(1S HOW horrible to behold, so that tho diver gave himself up for i u s ,v?fV,ot as®eIld the ladder, lest they should seize his legs. Very wisely, therefore, he ? iood ,V®lf7,1l |"ajionless until, providentially, they all took their departure. The diver reals! tered a vow that day never again needlessly to interfere with sharks. -W. Wyatt Gill. Penalties IN SIam.~T1IO following details, .*«}?* "i Indian papeis relate to the ordinary legal executions at Baugkok, Siam " The I culprits were four; an incendiary, sentenced to have his lmnd cut off; a murderer, to be ripped open ; the third, a political offender, to be delivered to wild beasts; and the fourth, a blasphemer, to have his head burnt off. The executioners made full speed, grinding the axes and sabres, dressing the furnace, and preparing the bellows, lho incendiary came first and tendered his wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying in the air. Tho mutilation did not seem to affect him much, for ho went amongst tho crowd to witness the following executions. The murderer -next take aseRt on a stone, atid whilst' they are cutting into lus abdomen , lie keeps biting a banana; the sufforer is then seen to gnash his teeth, and under horrible convulsions, lasso the banana, aud sinks to rise no more. Tho traitor to the king meanwhile is looking down a den speaking to the tigers, and recommending them to sharpen their appetites. The execuv tioners seize him, pnss a rope under his arms, and lower lain slowly into the horriblo hole after which they slowly draw the ropo up llien we hear, says II. Caulnens, an eye- witness, something like a mnflled crepitation ; from time i to time a human formis seen jerked up; the breaking of tho skull and thigh hones is clistm guishable. The wild beasts aro roaiing all tho time, but no human ory is nudible. As for tho sacrilegious criminal,1 the executioners tied him on a plank, and placed liis head between two coal-pans. They then work tho bellows and direct jets of Haino on the culprit's bend, who continues singing what is supposed to be nn impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering under the darts, and yet he coutiimos his psalmody. Meanwhile his body writhes in awful ronvulsions, his eyes are bleeding, his bones craokling, and he finally gives up the ghost with a fearful yell." SEAT.ud "PnorosAi.s."-TO Contjuctohs. -Ihe undersigned, feeling the need of someone to some one to find fault with and grumble at when business matters go wrong, and being onely, with no one to hate him, aud whereas? having arrived at the proper age, lie is deter mined to " come out." Sea'ed proposals will bo recoived until 12 o'clock, p.m., of tho 31st of March, 1870. AppJjwjut; must possess beauty, or its equivalent in currency. She must possess a sweet and forgiving disposition, and when ono cheek is kissed turn the other that is, if tho right man is hissing. She may not wear long dresses in tho streets. Nor fre. (juent Ksretcr Hall meetings. Nor go round begging for charitable purposes. Nor read the papor first in tho morning. Nor talk when I am sleeping. Nor sleep when I am talking. r>or exchange my clothes, to costermongers for; flowers. Nor borrow money from my pockets wlulo I sleop. Nor hold a looking glass over my faco at such times to make mo tell all I know, 'When her "old bear" conies home from "a few friends," rather affectionate, she must not take advantago of his state, and wheedle him into trips to watering-places. She must not sit up for him when ho happens to bo dotained to a late hour at his club. A lady possessing the foregoing qualifications, positive nnd nogative, can hear of something to her ad vantago by addressing tho advertiser, enclosing a stamp. All proposals must be accompanied with satisfactory oviderico of tho ability of the applicant to support a husband in the stylo to which ho has accustomod. Somk men are born to misfortune, At a 4th of July piemen Covington "chap" got his eyo punched for spenking to another fellow's girl, and when after tea he fully explained that he'd know'd her for these 35 years" he had all his hair pulled out.-American Paper, EmvAitu PiucK, who died a few days ago at Adiestron, near Chipping Norton, was not only in tlm thick of tho fight at Quatre Bras and " nterloo, but lmd served in the Peninsular war, and was at the engagement of St. Jean de Luz , (December, 1813^, and at tho subsequent siege ot Bayonne. ° 