MR. ]BRIGHT AND, MR. GLAD STONE. To the right of Mr. Lowl I see a figure which, foreshortened from my point of view, is chiefly distinguishable by ahat and pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker fashion about theocut of the ihat or garments, there is a breadth about the former and a looseness about the latter suggestive of Quaker associations. Perhaps if my idea were mercilessly analysed it would'appear that it has its growth in the knowledge that I am looking down on Mr. BaRIGT, and that I know Mr. BRIUT is of Quaker piarentage. But I am jotting down my impressions as I receive them. Mr. Bu3IIUT does not address the house to night, but he has made one or two short speeches this sessiOn, and CIIIL'urN, who has heard them, speaks quite, sorrowfully of the evidence they give of failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Commons under his .command, with as much ease as ArOLLO held in hand the fiery' coursers of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some now members make their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more; he hesitates in choos. ing words, is not sure of the sequence of his phrases, and resumes his sent with, evident gratefulness for the renewed rest. CurIItr.Tr adds, that much of this nervousness. is probably owing to a sensibility of the expecta tion which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is not about to make the "great speech" which has been looked for ever since he returned to his old place. But at best, the matchless oratory of' Jonu BRIGUT is already a tradition in the House of Commons, and it is but the ghost of the famous Tribune who now nightly haunts the scene of his former glories. Mr. GLADSTONE was sitting next to Mr. BRiaITr, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favorite attitude with him. His legs were stretched out, hii hands loosely clasped before hihn, t.nd his head thrown back, resting on the cushion at th'e back of the seat,"so 'that the soft light from the illuminated roof shone full on his upturned face. It Is a beautiful fare, soft as a woman's, very pale and worn, with furrowed lines that toll of labour done and rorrosw lived through. Here again I am conscious of the pos#ibility of my Iwyreelow 3 o W g moulded by my knowledge of facts; but I fancy I see a great alteration since last I looked on Mn. GLADSTONE'S face, now two years ago. It was far away from here, in a big wooden building in a North Wales town. He was on a platform surrounded by grotesque men in blue gowns and caps, which marked high rank in Celtic bardship. At that time, he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow him, and president of a Ministry that thwarted all his steps. His face looked much harder then, and his eye glanced restlessly round, taking in in every movement of the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to exist in a hectic .flush of life, and was utterly incapable, of taking rest. Now his face, though still thin, has filled up. The lines on his brow and under his eyes, though too deeply furrowed to be eradicable, have been smoothed down, and the Pope being, let us hope, finally lain, there is about his face a sense of peace and a pleasant look of rest. COILTEIfiN says, that sometimes when th e right hon. gentleman has been in the House this session he has during the progress of a debate momentarily sprung into his old attitude, of earnest, eager attention, and there have been critical moments.when his interposition in debate has appeared imminent. But ho1 has conquered the impulse, lain back again on the bench, and lot the House go on its own way. "It is very odd, CuILTERN says, to have him sitting there silent in the midst of such talking. -.Gentleman's Magazine. 