— 6EBLNE#S. ' ' ' — ' ' i' ' RELIGIOUS GOSSIP. ' .. ) ministerk' ;Fr aiirnlsmg.— a ;yery' no,ta- ble instance of ministerial fraternisation oc- curred reoeutly at San Francisco. 1 The like, ,:in (fact, >709 never Been before. . At the ih-! etallation of ; the Rev. Dr, ; Jtoxford) ' as Pistol?' of the . First ' UniverBalist Church of that city, clergymen of foiir different denominations took, part in the service — Presbyterian, Congregationalist, Unitarian, and jJowisb. The ' Rev. Rabbi Cohn read one of the psalms ; Rov. Chauncy Park, a Presbyterian, offered up a prayer; Rev. ;W, E. Ijama, ar Congregationalist, preached the installation sermon ; after tho sermon, Rev. L. Hamilton, a Presbyterian, prayed ; Rev.' Dr. Stebbin's, 'a Unitarian,. ' delivered, the charge, to:the newly-installed, pastor, and the Rev. T. L. Elliott, , a Unita rian, concluded the service with the delivery of a short address to the congregation. The singular spectacle thus presented. of clergy, men belonging to denominations so widely apart on many points, and, yet managing to meet on a common platform., for religious service, does not seem to have shocked popu lar . feeling ; on the contrary, it ' was, ' hailed with approbation . on -tho part qf . the spectators, who numbered 1200 at tho least. It is clear that the world is moving forward. Thirty years ago such a. demonstration would have been reckoned an impossibility. When the Evangelical Alliance was 'started, with the view of showing to the world how far the Protestant sects - were disposed to recognise each other's Christianity, those who took part in the movement could not find it in their heart to include more than two or three of the orthodox sects. Events are tending to weaken all such sectarian narrowness. Thinking' men in all sects are begininig to see the absurdity and mischief of isolation. California has set a good ex ample, and. it is to be hoped that Australia will follow suit. It is in accordance with the fitness of things that hew countries, comparatively, free as they are from vener able prejudices and hampering associations of the past, should show the world how to make innovations, either in religion or poli- tics, whenever innovations are desirable. There are difficulties in the way as a matter of course, but they are hot so very great as we are apt at first to imagine. -For; be it clearly understood that it is not the absorption of the sects into one all-comprehensive organi- sation that is desired. Nor is it at all neces sary that there should be full agreement ' in points of doctrine. What is wanted, is that with the full' ' acknowledge- ment of differences of creed, some room should be found for the manifestation of a spirit of fraternal co- operation notwithstanding such differences. And to this end all that is wanted is the recog- nition of : the fact - that, -every creed has, some truth in it, or some important aspect of truth which might , have been overlooked but for the attention, bestowed upon: it by some sect, and that consequently there is- some good in every sect which has for its raison d'etre the promulgation of the special aspect of truth it has got hold of. The great thing is to take the proper point of view ; that taken, the engendering of' the right spirit will be pretty sure to follow ; . and then , the actual form of co operation is a mere matter of arrangement. Thus difficulties, which distance magnified into great impassable barriers, dwindle; 'to small dimensions as we' approach them. After all, who shall say that such a demon- stration as has occurred at San Francisco is not possible in Melbourne ? Eclecticism in Religion. — If the instal- lation service referred to above_was notable,, iso also was the installation sermon preached' on the occasion by Mr. Ijams, for the object was to show .that the common ground of faith is broader than sectarians had snp- gosed ; and that on- that ground hristianB of .different denominations might occasionally meet and find something in each other to commend. .HiB text was taken from the 5th chapter of Thessaloiiians, 21st verse ; tf Prove all things hold fast that which is good." The theme, ! he said, which I draw from, these words, 'and which I would' discuss this evening, is eclecticism, the only true principle/ of theology. By eclecticism in theology I mean, of course, the principle of critical Selection of doctrines under the guidance of right reason. The greatest of . English dramatists, in King Henry V., ex pressed a vital truth when he said — "There is some sonl of goodness in things evil, would men observingly distil it out," and indeed underlying even the most offensive dogmas you may detect a soul of good. In the discussion of this principle it is my purpose to give it a doable application ; first, to our sacred books ; then to our less sacred sects. Eclecticism requires us to search the scriptures to prove or test all things that are there, and to hold fast to that which is good. Our scriptures are not ope book, but many books, written by some forty different writers, living in various periods of history;, a space of 1500 years covering the time from the writing of Genesis to the date of Revo- lations. These books were written by good: men; " holy men of old spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost "—the same Holy Ghost that still moves you and me and all men to do all the good we ever perform. In my humble opinion it was the writers who. were inspired rather than the writings.! Therefore we notice in the various hooks of the Bible' so marked a diversity, not only of style, but also of thought. An inspired idiot is not able, without a miracle, to rise to the intellectual elevation of an inspired man of genius. A weak man, though in spired, is not able to soar so high as a richly gifted mind; just as a shallow intellect; though favored with the most thorough education, ,can, neer m? tte > race for this I World's prizes compete with an unedu cated man of emincct native abilities ; or j ust . „ liirrea field: however patiently trlleil, |Sn never yield so luxuriantly as that fertile S which laughs with a harvest when I /tickled with a hoe. 1 bog your attention to il- +i,nnoht it was the writers of the 'Bb\e who we're inupiVed rather than the < „nd therefore we should naturally fhot doctrinal, ethical, historical and I -„expe imperfection in the record which I go frequently been criticised. This im perfection is human. It is the truth of the ®Kblo that is divine ; the forms of speech m l Swhich tbat truth is contained must be aa-J Brnitted to be human; and therefore imperfect." ilFor lack 'of recognising this vital distinction M ood men have passed on into all the said Serrors and mischief and manifold evil of iOToss literalism. I was not at all surprised, >hut delighted, when the distinguished Dr. lohriatlielJ. at the late meeting of tboEvari- noelical Alliance, boldly- declared that our Itheoriesaud definitions of inspiration require ifflliL thorough revision. These same writers liiWerfl not all equally inspired. No one can 'successfully maintain that Solomon's sen- 'SBuou8 Song 'io the.fruit of as full an iuapiri- jLjofl as the pure breathings of the" fifty - ! first psalm, or that the writers of Lithe Old Testament enjoyed as abundant. if an afflatus as tho seraphic John or a the consecrated Paul. To " teach - that Sall -Scripture is equally inspired only If tends to . discredit the whole mass if of revelation. I know that it is objected H that if wo allow discrimination of this kind H to be made the whole Bible is in danger of H being set aside ; but this objection has less force than is' imagined, for the truth in the ' Bible i3 vital,, self-evidencing and everlast- 4 ing, in both nature and revelation. We can if tefl when it is cloudy, and when the sun is 1 shining. Ye timid souls, have no fear for || the absolute truth ; that can never die ; only. B cease striving to make men believe that the H shifting clouds are really the eternal sunlight. If Honestly admit that there are both a human if and a divine element in Scripture. God's % cause on earth shall thereby be not a loser H but a gainer. I pass now to tho application | of this principle of electicism to the jarring B sects of Qhristeudon, , If there is good to be 1 sought and to be found in each book of the 1 Bible, not less is it true that good may be 1 found in each denomination of Christianity. | To look a little while at the virtues of our 9 neighbors may be agreeable, at least by way | of variety. First of all, then, there is the 1 venerable Catholic Church, mother of us all ; tluCL Slli Giy U VI II" ilQU CblwbvlbibUl bwUUvV I I refuse to mark and heartily commend at I 1 least the aesthetic element of her public I worship. With .Michael Angelo to poise in | mid air St. Peter's peerless dome ; Raphael | to spread on canvas the marvellous colors of I | the transfiguration ; Haydn to translate into I 5 a matchless oratorio the sublime story of J 1 creation, and Dante to write in immortal I \ verne the visions of the unseen realm, thi8 I | ancient church has ever bean true to art as | the minister of devotion ; and architecture, I painting, music and literature have from an | early day found in this venerable hierarchy I I a faithful patron. Until recently Pro- | testantism, on the other hand, has slighted and discarded tho beautiful as an adjunct of religion, but in so doing has missed the co operation of one of the most vital elements of the human soul. Not long since, in an Eastern city, a3 I stood beneath the high arches of a Catholic cathe- I dral, saw here and there upon the I walls rich paintings memorial of Christian I history, saw Costly altars bathed in softest tints descending from elaborate windows, listened to the sweet and solemn notes of a massive organ whose tones now sighed in chords fit for a miserere, and how pealed in strains fifc'for a" TeDeUm," I confess that I felt the power of art as the minister Iof devotion. More than ever before I was ready to own the mistake of Protestantism in her long and vain effort to divorce the beautiful and the good, was ready to see the wisdom of the Greeks in using tho same word for the beautiful and the good. Let our temples, then, be worthy of their great divinity, and let our worship refuse no apj- propriate offering of either taste or imagina- tien. What I have said applies equally to the Protestant Episcopal Church. The true eclectician will learn a valuable lesson from the undemonstrative Friend or Quaker; who seeks the still hour and quietly listens for the faintest whispers of that holy, inward . divine voice ; nor can he ignore or despise the importance of the emotional as illustrated in the mar- vellous career and glorious triumphs of our Methodist brethren. " .A religion- with- ' out emotion is , not the religion of either the Old Testament or the New. The speaker reviewed the various creeds, finding in them all something to commend. In relation to Universalism, he said What do we not owe to our Universalist brethren if not a brave and faithful assertion of the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of the race, as illustrated in the divine mission of the Son of God, at once God's own son and our own brother. Only one hundred years ago, and a very large section of Chris- tendom had no heavenly Father. The God who was then preached was In too many cases simply dreadful, with a fixed frown upon his awful brow, and a scourge within his omnipotent, unsparing grasp. The mis- sion of the Universalist denomination has been to emphasise, as against a cruel ortho- doxy, the glorious discovery of God as the Eternal Father of all men." -Religion and Social Science. — Dr. I Caird, Principal of Glasgow University, is a great preacher— great not only in oratory, but in thought. His sermon to the Social Science Congress, held recently in Glasgow, was one of his happiest efforts. Over and over again, we are told, the close of the. preacher's sentences was followed by that singularly thrilling sigh in which a great congregation finds the expression of its satis- faction with what has been said, and of its B . relief .from the long strain that has been 1 put . upon its sympathies and its atten- I ' ii, The subject was treated somewhat in the same style as the famous sermon on the Religion of Common Life preached before the Queen, but with a much wider application. It might be considered as an . mPhncatibn of a remark that once fell from I « James, of Birmingham, to the effect thiT we want a better world, we want a better church to make a better world, and we want better pulpit to make a better church. -Let preachers " mark, learn and 1 inwardly digest" Caird's sermon on the relations of social science to religion, and they cannot fail to make their ministrations considerably "more effective. The points lie dwells on are of the. utmost practical im- portance. Conceding, he said, to the very utmost the power of Christianity as a new and commanding impulse of sooial beneficence, it must still be main- tained that that impulse can never achieve the highest results without tho aid which knowledge, science, disciplined intel- ligence gives. .It is a great thing to be in- spired by tho impulse of benevolence, but the impulse of benevolence, however ardent and eager, will of itself carry us but a little way in our efforts to ameliorate society. Christian zeal and love are the maiiy thing for our souls, but beyond a very limited I range of action they are blind mid helpless, j Ho who would oxtirpate the evils that affect the complicated organism of -society, and de velops its highest capabilities of good, will soon meet with problems which the instinct of brotherly love is as powerless to solve as it is to solve problems in mathematics, or to perform surgical operations. Zeal with out knowledge has not unfrequently proved I itself not only inefficacious and unproduc- I tive, but a positive hindrance to the welfare and progress of society. In giving illustra- J tions of these remarks, Principal Caird re- I ferred to Hie administration of charity add the operations of philanthropy, in as far us they are applied for the reduction of poverty, ignorance, vice, and crime : — There can be no qnestion, for instance, that a very large I proportion of the misery and disease, and also of the vice and sin, which darken the Jiives of multitudes amongst us, is due to the ignorance and neglect of the laws of health, or to arrangements which render the obser vance of these laws all but impossible. In stead, therefore, of waiting till disease, des titution and vice arise, and doing what we I can to alleviate or retrieve the evil, it he- comes the much more elaborate, but also I much more potent and efficacious function I of the Christian benefactor to investigatethe I physical causes and conditions of life amongst the poorer o'asses, to inquire into their em ployments, their food, their house accommo dation, and again into the ways in which these can be improved so as to eliminate or reduce the sources of disease and crime. It I is a good Christian thing to comfort sorrow and bring back sin and crime to better ways, I but surely it is an incalculably better thing to prevent the sorrow and sin from ever arising. I cannot conclude, he says, without obviating, however briefly, the impression I which I can well believe the foregoing view I ia likely to leqve on many pious minds. Is J not all this talk, it will be said, about social I welfare and civilisation, and the progress I of society, foreign to the main ana all J important end of religion— the salvation J of the soul and it3 preparation for I death and eternity? The world, 'and the things of the world, what will they be to each of us when a few brief years have come I and gone ? Its wealth and prosperity, ite j politics, its Bcience, its intellectual and I social progress— these may be fine things in I themselves ; but we may surely leave them I to the children of the world, and let reli gious men confine themselves to the infi'- I nitely more momentous business of saving souls, and preparing them for the world be- youd the grave. Is it not our. duty to set j light to a passing world and all its concerns, | and by faith and prayer; and attention to j the concerns of the soul, to he prepared to | meet our God? Surely the best thing we' can do' for the . poor and the forlorn I and vicious is to awaken them, to the state I of their souls, and by leading them to set" their affections on the things above — on another and a better world— furnish them with the only true consolation under the privations and hardships of the present.- 1 answer that such a view of Christian life and | dutyseemsto me, tosaythe least, onesidedand J exaggerated. It is, I cannot but think, a superficial and unwholesome question which I so conceives of the relation of the present | to the future life. I do not hesitate to say that the first and paramount aim of religion I is not to prepare for another world, but to | make the best of thi3 world ; or more , cor rectly stated, 'to make this world better, wiser, and happier. It is to be good, and to do themostgoodwecan,72owand7tci'e,andtohelp others to be and do the same. It is to seek with all our might the highest welfare of the world we live in, and the realisation of itsideal greatness, nobleness, and blessedness. 