The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am dcmanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, lmpugu It whoso UBU" , TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lettern and other communication B Intended .or In- sertion In tbo nowa columna should bo addrossod to TUB EDITOEL No notice can bo taken of an cm yin ou a communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by tho namo and address o! tho writer, not necessarily for publication, but aa a guarantee of good faith. Bejoctod cotnniunlcatloua cannot bo returned under any circumstance« whatever. To avoid Inconvenience and doiay to persona Interested we haye to request that all business commun.ca UonB, Including advertísomonU), orders for tho paper, and remittances, bo addressed to VYHJIOH and liACSLNNON, and not to TUB EDITOR. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1875. Those who attended the sitting of the Assembly yesterday eveniug had the inestimable advantage of hearing a de- fence of the Ministerial policy from the lips of one of the most distinguished sap porters of Mr. BERRY'S Administration need we Bay that we refer to Mr. JOHN JAMES, of Ballarat East Before pio ceeding to consider his speech, we would remind our readers that he is one of the patriots who addressed the meeting held last Saturday week at Ballarat Weat, for the purpose of manu- facturing public opinion in support of our present rulers. He informed his hearers on that occasion that he had in- tended to reserve his opinions of the Ministry for his place in Parliament, but that after the action of Sir JAMES M CULLOCH, he felt so indignant that ho had determined to attend the great gathering ho was then addressing, and declare his intention of defending Mr. BERRY against all his foes. Seeing that only a few weeks before he had boen supporting the Kerferd Government, which propounded apolicy of a totally dif- ferent description, this sudden conversion was of a most striking and pleasant de seription. The spontaneous gush of indignation which impelled the hon. member to attend the meeting almo.fc against his will would have spoken volumes for his disinterested generosity had it not been-for the fact that he had been chiefly inBtmmental in getting up this " monster" demonstration, and had, of course, intended from tho first to enrol the honoured name of JAMES among the speakers on the occasion. So completely had he thvown himself into the spirit of the movement, and so determined was he to make it a grand success, that, according to Mr. JosEPn JONES, he actually adopted the novel expedient of inserting an advertisement in a local Journal, to the effect that gentlemen to move and second resolu- tions were " wanted." It will be seen, therefore, that while Mr. BERRY'S henchman waa utterly carried away by his fury, ho waa not prevented from adopting the mo3t methodical measure. for the purpose of securing an oppor- tunity of venting it. Could the force of humbug further go 1 Wo have merely mentioned this pleasing little incident to show what manner of man Mr. JAMES is, and will now proceed to notice his Parliamentary re- marks. Mr. JAMES professes his ina- bility to understand why Mr. BERRY, who, he asserts, obtained ollie, in a legitimate manner, should be opposed. Without staying to criticise the way in which the Premier achieved his posi- tion, we would point out to the hon. member for Ballarat, and others in need of similar information, that the reasons why he should be ejected from office are numerous. We need, however, only state two,which we think will be sufficient to justify the action of the Opposition in the eyes of all reasonable men. In the first place, he has Burrounded himself with a num- ber of colleagues in whom it is impos- sible for the country to place any confi- dence ; and, secondly, he has proposed a financial policy which is inadequate to meet the requirements of the country, and which could not be adopted by Par liament without dishonour. Mr. JAMES laboured hard last night to prove that the land tax which Mr. BERRY asks the House to sanction, is not only fair in itself, but can bo imposed without in- justice, and at one time wo thought of replying to his arguments-if argu- ments they can bo called. But on further consideration we have been compelled to abandon the task in despair. We feel that a gentleman who first says that the landowners are anxious to drive the working classes out of the colony, and then accuses them of wanting to revive assisted immigration, is unanswerable. He. would have us believe, apparently, that although the graziers grow rich by the increase in the population, they are desirous of reducing the number of their cus tomeis, and that while they are longing to depopulate the country they aro consumed by an ardent desire to bring in more people at the expense of the state. This is a pretty conceit, doubt- less, and we feel that we should do wrong to run the risk of spoiling it by criticism. Mr. JAMES has not only been led to adopt the course he has taken by his profound admiration for Mr. BERRY, t>ut he has also been forced into it by some mysterious dread he entertains of Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH. He con- fesses that after having watched this gentleman's career for many years he is unable to point to anything which can justify his fears, but, nevertheless, he remains convinced that the hon. member for Warrnambool is hatching dark conspiracies against the liberties of the people Only let this arch plotter get into office, he says, and ho will at once fly in the face of every wish that is cherished by the people. How ho is going to do it we do not know, nor did Mr. JAMES condescend to explain. Wealwaysthought that under our constitution the people had a very ready way of enforcing their will, and, therefore, we cannot share in any such apprehensions. But passing by this consideration, Mr. JAMES is anxious to ascertain what benefit would accrue to the country from a change of Govern- ment at the present time. Might wo be permitted to suggest that the benefit would consist probably in an equitable system of taxation, relief to trade,'_and a eet of reputable mon to -administer affairs? These things may go for nothing in the estimation of Mr. JAMES, but wo think that tho public generally regard them as of some importance. We are told that if the present occu- pants of the Treasury bench be driven from office, their places will be taken by gentlemen whobavo entered into some un- holy compact tolavish allthe money of the country on the adornment of the capital. Who the persona aro who would do this wicked thing, or why they should do it, we do not know, and wo question whether any effort to enlighten our dark neBS on the subject would bo crowned with Biiccess. This idea about a clasa of politicians who are always anxious to aggrandiso the metropolis at the ex- penso of the provinces, is one which country membors have found it conve- nient to keep in stock for a long time past, and we have no doubt that if they continue to dwell on it much longer, they will become con- vinced that such a class really exists. This plan of sowing jealousy between the town and tho country is a vory old and stale device, and wo do not think it is likely at tho present time to divert the attention of the community from the real point at issue. If Mr. JAMES had no moro effective weapona in his aimoury for the assistance of his friends than those he brought out last night, we think he would have acted more wisely had he declined to do battle on their behalf until better furnished for the fray, The Koman Catholic bishop of Bal- larat must surely have forgotten that he was addressing his flock on Tuesday evening in the presence of reporters. We can scarcely imagine any eccle- siastical dignitary delivering himself of such a speech with a full knowledge that it would appear in print next morning. But if he did so with deliberate foresight, all we can say is that the oftener the right reverend prelate mounts the platform and do claims against the Education Act, the better pleased will be every true friend of popular instruction. Dr. O'CONNOR set out by declaring that " the present " syBtem of education does not satisfy " the consciences of the Catholics, be " cause it is opposed to the fundamental " principles of natural and divine laws." But when wo come to inquire what these " fundamental principles" are, we find that they all resolve themselves into this -that every parent should undertake the care and education of his child, and that upon the parent alone rests the responsibility of instructing his off- spring. Upon this point, we are per- fectly at one with Dr. O'CONNOR, who will probably bo greatly surprised to learn that if "a child is under " efficient instruction" by his parents or by a private teacher, the Education Act docs not intorfore with him in any way whatsoever. So far from "disre " garding the power of the parent," tho state would be only too happy if every parent in the land would " undertake " the care and education of his child " up to the very moderate and reasonable standard prescribed by the act. It is a complete misrepresentation of the facts of the case to assert that " tho state ha3 " put aside this God given right of tho " parent to educate his child." The state has done nothing of the kind. It merely eays, " If you won't educate your own " offspring, we must. Ignorance is the " motherof crime, indolence,and disease. " As a matter of police, and out of re " gard to the public safety, we cannot " suffer the children of any section of " our population to grow up in the same " state of frightful ignorance which has " prevailed in Italy, whore an inquiry " instituted by the Italian Government " in 18G0, revealed the astounding fact " that out of 22,000,000 of people, " 17,000,000 could neither read nor " write." We dare say Dr. O'CONNOR has heard of a city called Horne. When the schools opened there by the present Government were examined in 1870 by Signor BRIOSCHI, the public inspector, he found the children so ignorant that one of them thought the Adriatic was a mountain, another said Sardinia was a city, a third believed DANTE to be a French poet, a fourth described COLUM- BUS as an apostlo, and a fifth pronounced him to be the Holy Ghost. In tho same year, when Sirs. GOULD, an American lady, opened the first ragged school established in Borne, she waa amazed to find that many of the children did not know in what country Borne was, and had never heard of any such person as JESUS CHRIST. Now, whatever may be Dr. O'CON- NOR'S views with respect to'_ the advan- tages or disadvantages of suffering tho people to remain in ignorance, the Legislature of this colony, and we bo lieve nine-tenths of its lay population, have arrived at the conclusion that such a Btate of things as has existed in Italy is both a scandal and a danger, and have determined that it shall not bo tolerated here. And in carrying out this determination, the state merely does that which the Eoman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat asserts that he ap- proves of, for he ia reported aa stating that "ho did not object to the state " Baying to the parent, ' You aro neglect " ' ing your duty to your child, and must " ' take means to educate it,' but ho did " object to the state stepping in and tak " ing the responsibility off the parents' " shoulders, and enforcing a system of " education that is against the con " science of the parent. This is being " done under the present system." Wa affirm, in the most emphatio terms of which language is capable, that this_ is not what is being done by the Education Act of 1872. The state merely assumes the responsibility when that responsi- bility is evaded by the parent, and it is so tender of that parent's conscience, that it forbids all religious teaching in the state schools, in order that tho child's mind may not receive any bias in favour of this, that, or the other doctrine or "ism." "Once admit," says Dr. O'CONNOR, " the right of the state to say, ' we dis- " ' regard the power of the parent,' and " that fatal, destructive, odious principle *' is admitted that ' the end being good *' ' can justify the means.' " Such a principle is detestable, indeed, but wo scarcely expected to find the Roman Catholic bishop of Ballarat denouncing it, for it was only a few years ago that the prosent POPE named ALFONSO DI XiiauoRi a doctor of the church; and v'. are sure that Dr. O'CONNOR too well acquainted with that Uîevout and learned writer's Moral Theology to have overlooked the second article of it, in which he expatiates on the causes which render theft excusable, and justifies communism. If this be not an exemplification of the " odious " principle" abovo referred to, wo should like to know what is ? Dr. O'CONNOR proceeds to indulge in a little rhetorical flourish about " the " liberty of conscience being one of our " most valued political rights j" which ia very strange language to emanate from a bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. Can ho have forgotten that liberty of conscience is formally de- nounced in the Papal Syllabus 1 In the third section of that remarkable docu- ment, the following proposition is " stig " matised" and reprehended as one of " the principal errors of our time" that " every man is free to embrace and " to profess tho religion he shall believe <{ true, guided by the light of reason," Why, this is the very foundation-stone of liberty of conscience, and yet it is utterly condemned by the head of Dr. O'CONNOR'S church, who also made use of the following language in the Ency- clical Letter which accompanied the Syllabus :-" In consequence of this " absolutely false idea of social govorn " ment, they (the enemies of priestcraft) " do not scruple to support that " erroneous opinion so fatal to the " Catholic Church and the safety of " souls which our predecessor of happy " memory, GREGORY XVI., called an *' insanity-namely, thal liberty of con *' science and of worship is the right of tl every man-and that in every well " constituted state this right ought to " be proclaimed and sanctioned, and " that citizens have a right to put " forward their opinions openly and in *' public, whatever they may be, either " by word or in print or otherwise, *' without limitation by ecclesiastical or " civil authority. But in making these *' rash assertions these men do not ad u vert to the fact that they preach a " liberty of perdition." Hero, then, we have the unseemly spectacle of the Pope of ROME, in a letter addressed " to the bishops in com *' munion with the Holy See," informing them with all the authority of the head of the Church, that a man must be in- sane who supports so erroneous and fatal an opinion as that "liberty of con u science and of worship is the right " of every man," and of one of his bishopB in Australia arguing on behalf of that liberty, proclaiming it to be " one of our moat valued political " rights," and valiantly denouncing any attempt to infringe it. In other words, Dr. O'CONNOR is engaged in " preaching " a liberty of perdition." One other point remains to bo noticed, and it is this-he says that "to be " logical tho state should clothe and " feed the children as well as find " them in education free." Unfor- tunately this is an obligation which the state is too frequently compelled to assume, under precisely similar circum- stances to one of those in which it un- dertakes the instruction of the young namely, where the parents of such children shirk their responsibility. Wo are very sorry to add that an unduly large proportion of these wards of the state are the children of Roman Ca- tholic parents, who know something of the catechism howsoever ignorant they may be of the multiplication table. It is of the highest importance to the commerce of the colony that Port Phillip Bay should bo navigable by ships of the largest class at all hours. When the lighting of the South, or East Channel, was effected, sixteen months ago, our merchants and shipowners con- gratulated themselves on the fact that this result had been achieved, and that Hob con's Bay and the Yarra mouth were at length rendered easily accessible by night as well as by day. No obstacle to the approach of the largest ships then re- mained, except those which the elements interposed, and which human skill was ineffectual to wholly eliminate. That was the general view of the case at the time, but we now find that though it should have been a just view, it was not. The South. Channel is not now, and never has been, perfectly safe. On a particularly clear night in July last, the mail steamer Ceylon was run aground in it, when in charge of a skilful pilot, fully on the alert, and .enjoying the advantage of the counsel of several other pilots, who were pas- sengers by the ship, and who were actually on the bridge, when she took the ground, peering into the night for the light and buoys which should have guided her safely through the intrica- cies of the channol. The commander of the steamer was also rendering valuable aid, so that the Ceylon had a quite unusual array of nautical experience and ability on board when she ran aground. Nor weroanyof the precautions proper to the occasion omitted. There were two men in the chaina sound- ing, the officers wore at their stations on deck, the engineers were at their stations below ; everything was clone for the safoty of the ship that care _nd Bkill could suggest, and yet, on a particularly clear night, she was per- mitted to stick fast on a sand bank, in a channel which is as well known to the pilots as the principal streets of Mel Bourne are to our readers. This re- markable fact requires further explana tion than it has yet received, fand that this further inquiry may take a proper direction, we propose to point out how the question at present stands. At the Pilot Board investigation of the circumstances attending the ground- ing of the Ceylon, her commander (Cap tain ALMOND), speaking of the light which should have guided the ship flafely, but did not, said : "My idea is that the position of the light senders a vessel liable to run ashore, it being most difficult to be seen. The light is cat too near to No. IS buoy. I should suggest that there should be a lightship instead of No. 15 buoy. The altitude of the lights is, I think, also defective, and they should be inoreased in power, and the altitude changed so as to «prevent their belog on the horizontal line with each other when entering the channel from the westward. I may say that it the light« are continued as they are now, al 1 though the Ceylon was the first ship to run ashore where she did, I don't think she will be the last. In fact, I may say that lhere has been a general impression among the pilots that the lights are not satisfactory, that there ia something wanting. There ia always a dread of an accident" Pilot KOCKETT said that when the lights were first fixed ho considered them satisfactory, but his opinion had changed since then. Pilot SEAL said moat of the senior pilots had doubts about the lights, " A doubt has ox " isted right through the pilot service " as to the accuracy of the light." Besides the objections to tho pile light taken by the commander of the Ceylon it is alleged against it that it "leaks" that is, that it emits light in a direction in which it is not intended to be visible, and so misleads. This view of the matter is supported by the evidence of Captain .ANDERSON, of the Government s.S. Pharos, who of course has full knowledgo of the whole subject, and who stated that after examining the light more than onco ho had reported that it "leaked." Whether this leaking of the pile light was or was not the cause of the Ceylon's grounding does not appear, but the leak has been cured, and so there is an end of that. The next thing to be done is to ascer. tain whether the lights are properly placed and of tho proper height, and we would suggest that a report on these points should bo obtained from Borne competent authority altogether outside the Government service. Cap- tain STANLEY and two or three ex- perienced ship captains could settle the question in a day or two. If they were to visit the channel with a special view to its critical examination, and take the evidence of some shipmasters habitually using the channel, and of some of the pilots, they would be iu a position to arrive at a safe and trustworthy judg- ment in regard to the matter. In offering this suggestion, wo have no in- tention to reflect in the slightest degree upon the professional skill of the chief harbour-master. Some slight mistake may have boen made in the location of the Mghts, and no blame rests at his door. After all, it is a subject which experience alone can properly elucidate, and if a trial of a year and a half has shown that the lights are not in the right spots, they Bhould be removed. Wo are afraid that Dunolly must bo what the Hon. JOHN WOODS would figuratively describe as a " one-horso" place. It has been invited to express its unbounded admiration for the Berry Government and its unbounded con- fidence in the policy announcod by ita membors, but with a fatuity which wo suppose arises from its lack of sufficiont horse-power, it has thrown away its op- portunity, and turned its back \ipon a chance of rendering itself illustrious for evermore A mooting was convened by the mayor for Tuesday evening, at the request of a number of electors, in order that they might have an opportunity of expressing their sorrow and indignation at tho harsh treatment dealt out to tho Government. It is really shocking to think that a Ministry cannot bo allowed to ignore the pressing needs o£ tho country, and propose a scheme of class spoliation, without tho representatives of the people feeling it thoir duty to step in and interfere on behalf of their clionts. What, we should like to know, is to bo como of responsible rulo if such conduct is to bo tolerated . Tho hour fixed for the "monster gathering" arrived at last, but with it caine only two or throo of the requisitionists, who boing of a modost and retiring nature, refused to speak. What detained tho rest nobody knows. Whethor thoy had married wives or bought yokes of oxon, and thoroforo could not como, or whether they had sud- denly bethought thomaolvos that as it was not a very creditablo thing, or flattering to their self-esteem, to bo tho moro tools of a few hired wire-pullers, and thoroforo they had better stay away, must ever ro- main a profound mystery. It is sufficient, however, for present purposes, to know that they did not put in an appearance, and that tho mayor, after waiting moro than half an hour for tho proceedings, which were to Btriko terror into the Oppo- sition, to commence, quittod tho chair in disgust. Another chairman was appointed, but ho, too, was unsuccessful in getting anyone to go to work, and ho also speedily returned to private life. A third presi- dent, however, was more successful. An " eccentric individual," as our correspon- dent puts it, named JAMES HANNAN, rose under his auspices to propose a resolution in favour of the Government. It will bo seen that thoro was a perfect fitness in the proceeding. Nono but vory eccentric people could decently express confidence in tho Berry Cabinet. After baiting the Ministerial supportor for Borne time, the meoting separated without troubling itself to vote on the motion. This is a glorious triumph for tho Ministry- fully equal to any yet achieved in other parts of tho country. If the fact of publio opinion boing in favour of the Govern- ment should over bo called in question, Mr. BERRY has only to point to Dunolly to put tho matter beyond a doubt. The want of confidence debate waa con- tinued in the Legislative Assembly lost evening, the speakers being Messrs. James, Jones, R. Richardson, Maddon, and Crews. Dr. Madden and Mr. Jones vigorously at- tacked the Government scheme of taxation. Mr. Cosey, upon asking a question as to the way in which the motion and amendment were to be put from the chair, remarked that he did not wish to give a vote which would embarrass tho pre- sent Government, because ho did not think the time had arrived in which tbey should bo thrust from office. The Opposition will press the question to a division to-night if possible, but a number of members hove yet to speak, including Major Smith and Mr. Berry. The latter will roply to the arguments which have been advanced against the Go. vernment since his first address on the subject. It will be seen from a cable telegram, pub. Usher, elsewhere, that the Chinese difficulty is becoming more serious, The Chinese Government evade the performance of the terms agreed upon at Tien Tsin, aud affairs are insuch a position that the British Minister has resolved upon leaving Pekin on the 13th October, unless a satisfactory Battlement is arrived at. In the -legislative Assembly yesterday various resolutions agreed to in committee the previous day, voting sums, chiefly for salaries, wages, and contingencies under the Railway Loan Account and the Publio Works Loan Act, were reported to tho House, and adopted ; and a bill embodying the resolu- tions was brought in and passed through all its stages. The Legal Profession Amalgamation Bill passed its second reading in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, but the committee were not allowed to get so far as the adoption of the first clause, The opponent« of the mea- sure will probably prove too strong for its fiionds. The Prahran Church of England Trust Lands Bill was read a third time, and passed in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Tho Melbourne Orphan Asylum Land Sale Bill would also have passed its final Btage, but for the vehement objection of Mr. J. T. Smith, who protested against the removal of the asylum from its present site. This order of the day was postponed until the nex meeting. Mr. Higinl.tban), in the Legislative As sembly yesterday, notified his intention o moving, on an early day, on the Housi going into Committee of Supply, " Tha in the opirjion of tb-'s House it is the dut; of the responsible Minister of the Crowi adminiateilng the Land Act 18G9 to abstaii from adviting the Representative of thi Crown to execute or issue the Crown gran of any allotment of land in respect of whicl a penalty has been, in the opinion of suot Minister incurred, by any pardon under tut 128th section of the Amending Land Act 1802 or the 7th section of the Amending Land Aci 18G5, unlecl and until the parson appljing foi such grant shall have pud a penalty at th< rate of 5s. for every acre of such allotment This resolution extends to all caeca to whicl in the opinion of the responsible Minister th< provisions of the 93th section of the Lane Act 18G9 sha" apply, save and except th( cases of Jama Winter v. The Queen, Wiltian Irving Winter v. The Queen, and ¡¡'Millan v The Queen, which have been recently decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privj Council on appeal from the Supreme Court ol Victoiia." The Minister of Railways has made or rangements with the directora of the Mel bourne and Hobson. Bay Railway Companj for the hire of one of their bogie engines foi three months, in order to Bee how they wil! work on the Government lines. If the ex périment proves successful it is more that probable that the engines constructed ic future for the Government lines will be or the bogie principle. On some of the lighi lines where there are very sharp curvea thi; class of engine will no doubt be found mosl useful. The new bogie truck which is in course of construction now for the carriage ol wool and sheep during the coming summer, season is being rapidly proceeded with, and it is hoped that it will be placed on the Government line for use during the month of October. The desifens called for by the Ministsr of Railways for new carriages for the Govern- ment lines were to have been sent in by the 5th day of November. In loncequence, how- ever, of an application from Mr. R. H. Down- ing, an intending competitor in Sydnoy, Mr. Woods has decided upsn extending the time for the reception of competitive designa until December 5, one month later than the data originally fixed upon. The attendance at the Exhibition was again large yesterday, the number of visitors being 4,015. The band of the Williamstown Artillery played duiing the evening. The National Picture Gallery was thrown open after 7 p.m. It is entered from the southern end of the main hall. This concesiion of the trustees of the Public Library will much enhance the attractions of the Exhibition Mr. Edwin Bryant, of Sand- hurst, yesterday sent in two pencil draw- ings. A "nip" in Melville Bay, off the Devil's Thumb, represents a ship in im. minent danger from icebergs. The sub- ject of the other drawing ia Harleoa.ball. The Bank of Australasia have expressed their willingness to exhibit for a few days a large cake of retorted gold, weighing l,700oz., recently obtained at Bright ; but it is not yet known if the commissioners will give a bond guaranteeing its security. ThiB afternoon the band of EM,S. Nelson will perform from 2 p m. to 5 p.m., and during the evening the band of the Emerald-bill Artillery, under the leadership of Mr. Clerke, will play. Ar- rangements have been made with Mr. Hill to give organ recitals-the first on Friday after- noon-and these will be continued daily for the future. Ameetingof theHospital SundayCommittee waB held yesterday afternoon at, the Town hall. In the absence of the mayor, the Hon. C. J. Jenner occupied the chair. There were also present the Revs J. F. Corbett, J. G. Millard, S. C. Kent, C. T. Perks, M. W. Green, T. E Keen ; and Messrs. N. Kinsman, Feldman, Callaghan, and Browning. Tho honorary secretary-Mr. Williams-reported that the usual circulars had been addressed to over 200 places of worship and 1G3 Sunday and state schools. In connexion with the Hospital Saturday fund it was stated that the employes of nearly 400 places of business would be addressed, and it was anticipated that the receipts from that source, as well as from the schools, would exceed by a large amount tho3o of the previous year. It was resolved, on the recommendation of the annual meeting, that a grant should be voted to the Richmond and Collingwood dis- pensaries, and that a sum of £30 each should be paid at the time of the distribution of the fund to these institutions. It was resolved on the motion of tho Rev. C. T. Perks, seconded by the Rev. J. F. Corbett, that the cordial thanks of the committee be pre- sented to the Rev. W. A. Quick for tho valuable assistance he had rendered when a member of their body in establishing and promoting the Hospital Sunday movement in Melbourne. After passing accounts for pay- ment, the thanks of the meeting were voted to the chairman, and the meeting separated. Hospital Saturday will be observed on the lGth and Hospital Sunday on the 17th October. The movement now on foot for the pre. sentation of a testimonial to Madame Ristori is progressing favourably. The fol- lowing gentlemen have been added to the committee :-Mr. R. J. Jeffray (president of the Chamber of Commerce), Mesara. Charles Bright, Couche, Croaker, J. A. Levey, L. L. Lewis, W. T. Rowe, and Dr. Duret A meet- ing of the committee will take place to-day, at 4 p.m., in the mayor's room at the town hall. The Ballarat Courier has been drawing on its imagination. In its issue of yesterday there is the following statement :-" ï'/ie Argus was BO inteneely delighted with the Opposition at last agreeing to unite against the common enemy now on the Treasury benches, that it distributed the joyful news ainongBt the Melbourne people last night by means of a second edition." As a matter of fact, no second edition of The Argus was published, or even thought of. The delay which has taken place in ascer- taining the quality of the stone taken from the Magdala reef has caused a groat fall in the shares, which wore yesterday quoted as low as £3 10a. Our Ballarat corre- spondent, writing last night, says:-"There is no later news as to the nature of thoï reef than the following, sent from tbo claim on Tuesday :-' In the middle Bbaft we have found a horse of slate in the reef; to-day, putting in a stope south, un- covered a face of stone coming from the west, apparently cutting out the elato. Burned Borne of the slato and found gold ; the slate is thoroughly mixed with stone ; no appear ance of footwalL The aspect of the lode is the samo as in the Extended and othor places. Several specimens have been brokou by brokera and other visitors, in which gold has been seen.' The lOJlb, weight of atone Bent to the School of Mines to be treated in the same way as in a battery, has yielded at the rate of, by one process, 19dwt. 17gr. per ton ; and by another, 14dwt. lögr per ton. The directors decided to.day to prohibit for the future anyone touching the eterno that is sent up, as any piece that shows gold is removed, and they think that some of the persons who frequent the mino aro in the interest of the jobbora also." The Minister of Mines was applied to yos terday by a deputation from Maryborough, introduced by Mr. W. Fraser, M.L A., to alter the conditions upon which the Marinera' Tcef should be worked, and to impose termB similar to those made at Ballarat in the case of Manner's lease. Major Smith approved of the suggestion, and intimated that in all similar COBBS tho same conrso would ho pursued. We leam from Signor Do Vivo, the busi- ness agent of Mademoiselle Ilma de Murakai that the first of the De Muraka farewell concerts will take place here, in the Town hall, on the 9th October. Signor De Vivo left Adelaide for Melbourne on Tuesday. The annual meeting of the Australian I Alliance Assuranco Company was held yos I terday, at the company's offices, Collin Btreet west. The report recommending ti payment of a dividend at the ' He of 10 pi cent on the company's paid-up capital, wit a cash bonus of 3s. a share, was unanimous: adopted, and the retiring directors aud aud tors were re-elected. The dividend will 1 payable to-day. A meeting of the delegates from the varioc cricket clubs in Melbourne which have take port in the formation of a Victorian Cricko ing Association was held last evening o Oliver's Café, Collins-street. Mr. W. E Bondfield was voted to the chair. Th clubs represented were-Melbourne, Eos Melbourne, South Melbourne, Civil Servie! Richmond, Hotham, and St. Kilda. After long conversational discussion, it was decide that the president and vice- preBidents of th association should bo elected from outside th delegates appointed by the clubs, but the a. pointment of those officers was postpone until the next meeting of the association Mr. \V. H. Bondfield, of the M.C.C., wa elected hon. secretary, and Mr. Shelton, c the C.S.C.C., wos elected hon. treasuroi Messrs. Conway, Wilkie, and Kelly wer elected as a match committee ; and Messr. Handfield, Shelton, and Williams a com mittee to draw up a code of rules, to b3 sub mitted to the next meeting of the associa tion. The delegates then adjourned for ¡ fortnight. The nominations for the Wagga Wagg Steeplechase and Hurdle Race close te morrow. At the meeting of the Emerald-hill Coun eil held last evening, it was agreed ti "petition the Legislature to interpose it authority and prevent the Government fron extending the lease of the land now occupiei by the National Agricultural Society." Couu cillor Nimmo, in Bupport of the motion, sail that the site at present caused an annua loss to the district of between £808 and £900 it was an eyesore and a nuisance, and com pletely spoiled one of the main approachei to the metropolis. When the council origi nally opposed the grant they were too late aB the lease had been granted ; they hod now however, an opportunity of preventin» it, extension. Ho believed that the sociot; were asking besides an extension of the leasi a grant of £8,000 from the public funds to¡erec additional buildings and other accommoda tion. If these requests were granted, thi ultimate removal of the yards would ba ron dered all the more difficult, on account of th< vested interests which would thus be created The late Commissioner of Lands (Mr. Casey had promised that he would on no considera tion consent to the extension of the lease, but his successor had refused to diaturl existing arrangements. Ho (Mr. Nimmo) pre Burned, however, that a vote of the Legisla ture affirming that the site in its pre.enl condition was a nuisance and an eyesore would be amply sufficient to prevent anj Minister from granting an extension of the leaso to its present holders. The monthly meeting of the managing committee of the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday afternoon. Present-Messrs. G. Martin (in the chair), Henty, Alston, Lyell, and Robertson. The secretary readalettei from Dr. Robertson, enclosing a cheque for £20 3s. Gd,, the proceeds of a Spell ing Bee held at Prahran, and request- ing that the monoy should be placed to the credit of the building fund of the hospital, On the motion of Mr. Robertson, seconded by Mr. Alston, Dr. Robertson was elected o life governor of the institution. A report waa read from the medical staff recommend- ing several Blight improvements in the internal arrangements of the hospital, and also that Tobin's system of ventilation should be tried as an experiment in one of the wards. The report was referred to the Euilding Committee, with power to act. The secretary reported the state of the house fot the week as follows :-Remaining last week, 8G; admitted, 14; discharged, 14; died, 2; remaining in hospital, 84 ; out patients, 171 ; casualties, 35. The meeting then closed. Mr. Robert Gardiner, superintendontof the Pentridge stockade, has received six months' leave of absence for the purpo:e of recrait ing his health. Mr. Gardiner has been over 24 years in the service, and during that time bas never been absent from bis duty beyond a few days at any one period. It is stated that Mr. Gardiner intends making a tour through the Australian colonies, which it is thought wi'l restore him to good hea'th. Mr. Peter Franc's Donald, a-^'stant super in tendent, wi'l peiiorm Mr. Gardiner's duties during bia abrenco. A conference of delegates appointed by the various centres of population in the county of Mornington was held at the counc-1 room, Mornington, on Tuesday, the 23th ins t., to consider the best means of pro- moting railway extension to the peninsula. The meeting consisted of the mo.t io(luent!a. and prominent men in the five shires of Mornington, FJ'ndeu and Kangerong, Phillip iBland, Dandenong, and Moorabbin, who had all been elected by the ratepayers in their severn! neighbourhoods, where public meetings bad been called for the purpose. About 40 sentlemon wore present. Mr. Randall, delegate for Moorabbin, waa voted to the chair, and Mr. P. Nolan was appointed secretary pro tem. for the purposes of the meeting. It was resolved-(1) To ad- vertise for applications for the office of secre- tary of the conference; (2) tbit railway ex. tension is desirable in the district ; (3) that application be made to Government for a line through the centre of the peninsula, with branches to Mornington and Hastings; (4) that the next meeting of the conference be held in Melbourne, and that an executive committee, consisting of the president-! of each shire and one delegate from each locality, 1-3 formed. Mr. David Mairs gave statistics showing the actual value of property in the five shires to be nearly £1,000,000, and the number of inhabitants about 8,000. Statistics were read by the chairman to show that the line might be made remunerative by returning interest on the outlay of about G per cent, but the esti- mates were corsidered tobomuch below the nctualmark. Themtetins wes quite-.".ni mous, and the several shire secretaries were requested to collect subscriptions in their neighbourhoods for the purpose of defraying the general expenses. After the usual votes of thanks, the meeting adjourned. The hearing of the Equity appeal Bennett v. Bennett was concluded in the Supreme Court yesterday. The suit is instituted by the children of Hemy Bennett against Mr. J. B. Bennett, trustee of amaniate aettlement, to make the defendant answerable for Henry Bennett having appropriated part of the CBtato. Mr. Justice Molesworth made a decreo granting the plaintiffs only a portion of the relief sought, and against this decree the plaintiffs appealed. The Court yester. day, after hearing argument, reserved judgment The curator of intestate estates has ob- tained rules to administer the estates of the following :—William Ellison, Stawell, died December 19, 1870, £100 ; Charles Chivers, Castlemaine, died February 17, 1875, £158 8s. 6d.; John M'Intosh, Whittlesea, died May 8, 1875, £25 13s. 6d.; Edward Dawn Mayfield, Kyneton, died June 24, 1875, £40 ; Jacob Henry Rasmussen, Flemington, died August 11, 1875, £34 11s. 11d.; William Gunn M'Donald, St Kilda, died August 16, 1875, £131 12s.; Martin O'Brien, Diamond Creek, died August 23, 1875, £65 3s. 11d. The usual monthly meeting of the Vic- torian Brewers' Club was held at the Royal Mail Hotel yesterday afternoon, Mr. T. Aitken in the chair. After the transaction of some routine business, the following motion was carried unanimously-" That thia meeting expresaes ita sympathy with Mr. Fitzgerald in the IOBB BUBtained by him ia connexion with the fire at the Castle- maine Brewery at Syd ney." Mr. James Bonwick delivered- a lecture last evening upon "The Moscow Exhi. bition." He gave a very interesting sketch of his visit to the Exhibition, and described the remarkable industrial and educational progress RUBBÍO WOB making. He referred to her rapid advances in Eastern Asia, and pro- | dieted that a vost population would settle ia i the new dominions she was acquiring, which would lead to important commercial relations being established between that part of the world and Australia. A correspondent remarks "that one very remarkable result of Mr. Matthew Burnell,'s labouiB in our city to reach the lapsed maseea of the people is a decided step towards Bolv'ng, to some extent at least, the problem of effectually reaching what legislation, up to the present time, has failed to accomplish, that is, to grapple with the social evil in a reforming point of view. This Mr. Burnett is doing to a veiy considerable extent, simply by bia peraeveiing and constant visita from house to house, and from day to day con- versing with and advising and asshting the fallen ones. These efforh are already bearing good fruits, and it is an accom- plished fact that several of the un'orlanat:3 havo already been restored ;to their fiiends and to their own homes, many others have accepted the shelter of a temporary home, whilst many more give promise of permanent amendment in the refuge. Mr. Burnett's midnight meeting last week, in Little Bourke street, for tbis special object, wa«, we ore in. foimed, one of the most successful o' the sort ever held in the city. At that meeting many promhcd to relinquish their present downward course, and endeavour to retrieve their lost character and position. One, who had but a few weeks ago been led astray, determined at once to return to her parents. Scores of the mo3t vicious and abandoned have, during the last three weeks of Mr. Burnett's labours, signed the pledge." An accident, which might have been vory serious, took place yesterday morning. An omnibus with four horses, specially engaged to take a party of ladies and gentlemon to Mr. Charlea Croaker's farm, at Mulgrave, had started from William.atreet, and was coming along Collins-street when the trace of one of the leaders got loose and loft the bar free, which struck the horses and caused them to bolt. The driver, Connell, stuck well to li'S reins, and contrived to tarn down Queen-street, where he guided the team clear of tho drays, until tho near side wheeler fell and broke his neck against the curbstone. Tbis stopped further progress, and the passenger alighted without having received any injury. A shocking accident happened yeaterday, at about ha'f-past 10 a.m., at the sugar refinery, Footscray, by which a lad named Thomas M'Donald, aged IG, lost his life. Tbe deceased was employed in loading a lony at the lift Ho had taken one load away, and while he was gone the lift waa taken up to the next Hat. The deceased was not awaro of tbe fact, and on returning he pushed the empty lorry, as he thought, on to the stage, which was not there, and the unfortunate lad and the lorry fell a distance of G5ft Tho deceased was killed instantaneously, his forehead being smashed in. Mr. F. J. Cobb was in immediate attendance, but life was extinct. An inquest will be held at the Railway Hotel at a quarter past 12 to day. Jobn Kolly, a young labouring man living at Footscray, was charged before the local police Bench yesterday with having fraudu- lently passed as a sovereign one of the small medals struck at the Exhibition, He selected tho witching hour of midnight at which to dupe Mr. W. Winder, landlord of the Rising Sun Hotel at Footscray, who gave the young mon a bottle of gin and 153. for the counter- feit coin. Evidence was given to show that Kelly had endeavoured to pass the coin off on three other local tradesmen before he paid Mr. Winder a visit, but was unsuccass ful. He represented that the coin had been given to him for a sovereign, He was com- mitted to take bia trial at the general sessiona in October, bail being allowed, himself in £50, and two surotiea of £25 each, Apropos of the free-trado meotiig at Maldon, the Tarrengower Times writea : "The constituency of Maldon demonstrated some l8 months'ago, in the return of the Hon. J. Service to Parliament, that it had had enough of protection, and if there re- mained any doubt, the question was fully settled by the very successful free-trade meeting on Monday night. The limit of endurance has at length been reached by the long-suffering miner. The figures read to the meeting must convince all thinking people that the factories of Melbourne and Collingwood are not what theresidents inland expected-a place where their children could learn useful trades. There is no admittance for them or theirs. Self-reliance and defence is clearly their duty before the mining in- dustry is entirely destroyed by fiscal burdens it now has to bear. With a revival of the spirit of the past, there is hope that a brighter day ia near, and that we aliall again enjoy rational liberty." " Rightly or wrongly," the Border Post cays, " an impression prevails that great facilities for smuggling in small quantities are afforded to storekeepers who have branch houses at the townBbips on either side of the Murray. Coses of dutiable articlea aro brought from Melbourne in bond into the territory of New South Wales, and then re-crossed in small quantities, On Friday last, Mr. Penne- father, cuBtom-house officer, Wodonga, ob- served a lad riding on the road leading from Albury to Wodonga, carrying a rather bulky valise in front of the saddle. The officer, when the traveller had passed the custom-house, hailed him, and after some inquiry the con- tents of the bag turned out to be six pairs of moleskin trousers, which were subject, we understand, to a duty of 20 per cent, in Vic- toria. The gooda were seized. The lad, we are told, said he was taking them from the branch store at Albury to the place of busi- ness of the firm at Wodonga. A report of the case waa forwarded to the Commissioner of Trade and CustomB, Melbourne." The following account of the proceedings of the Beechworth Sessions last Saturday, when William Woodburn, and the boya John Gordon and Stewart Gordon, nephewa of Woodburn, found guilty of placing ob3truc tiona on the Beechworth branch railway, near Tarrawingee, wore brought up for sen- tence, is taken from the Ovens and Murray Advertiser :-"His Honour Judge Hackett, 'ad- dressing the boys, said they had been found guilty of a very serious offence, the conse- quences of which might havo been most disastrous. As, however, he had no doubt they had been instigated by the older pri- soner, and as, on account of their youth, ho did not wish them to be exposed to tho dangers of wicked associations, ho would deal with them differently from the elder prisoner. He would thereforo ordor thom to be imprisoned for one week, and then Bent to the Reformatory for seven years. As to the prisoner Woodburn, his offence waa of a far more serious character, as he had not only instigated the boys to assist him, but he must have been awaro of the probable and frightful consequences of his act. Ho must have known that a number of lives might have been sacrificed by his diabolical attempt, and yet he waa utterly regardless of that. The sentence of the Court waa that he be imprisoned in Her Majesty, gaol at Beech- worth, or in such other place as Hie Excel- lency the Governor might direct, for a poriod of 10 years. The Crown Prosecutor aaked his Honour whether he did not intend to add hard labour to the puniahment Î His Honour said,-No ; he had had a good doal of expe- rience of the effect of Bitch a Bontenco, and he felt satisfied that imprisonment without hard labour was the more severe of the two." " The finding of the nugget of gold by a young mon named Wensley, near Geelong, caused some excitement," the Advertiser eays, "on Tuesday. Two or three young fellows went out fossicking, having by some means discovered the neighbourhood, if not the exact spot, where the nugget waa found, and succeeded in finding some quartz show ing specks of gold. The locality ia atill kept dark by tho person who found the nugget. No doubt he intends to pay it another visit. The precioua metal, on view at Mr. Pearson's establishment, attracted a good deal of atten. tion yesterday, any amount of opinions being hazarded about tho probability of gold being found in payable quantities near Geelong." The Lyttelton on Times of September 15 an- nounces the death of Mr. Alfred Isaac Raphael, a member of the City Council of that place. "The funeral," it says, "was one of the largest ever seen in the city. The remains were followed to the grave by repre- sentatives of all classes in the community, and the mayor and members of the City Council also attended in their official capacity." Previous to going to New Zealand, Mr. Raphael was in business in Melbourne, with his brother, Mr. H. Raphael. The South Australian Jlegisler says: "Thenew ecrew steamship Glenelg, which is intended to inaugurate the era of direct steam communication between London and Adelaide, has been finished, and is advertised to sail from England on Thurs- day, Octobor 28. She ia of 1..-00 tona re- gister, and 2,400 tone burthen. Her com- mander ia Captain John Bruco, who has made himself so popular in sailing vessels, and who for some time has beon studying steam navigation with a view to the cap- taincy of the Glenelg. She was built by Messrs. Samudo, of London, and has been fitted expressly for the passenger trade. Her saloon is on deck, thus securing full light and ventilation. Her cabins are said to be of unusual she, and bathrooms aro provided for all on board. She is to carry first and second class paBBengers only, and over, crowding is to be avoided." The South Melbourne Musical Union held their fourth "Social Gathering"last evening, at the Orderly-room, Howe-crescent, Emerald hill, in the presence of a very numerous audience. The entertainment commenced with a vocal and instrumental concert, with Mr. Adam Clerke for conductor, and Miss Hall as pianiste. The principal instru- mental selections were given by a band, largely composed of brass instruments, and of these performances we would only observe that if they must take place in rooms such as the orderly-room at Howe crescent, the players should be constrained, under heavy penalties, to play softly and in time, and above all in good tune one with another. That theso good points were not observable last night is to be regretted, but they moy be achieved by intelligent practice, and when they are we shall bo glad to note the improvement. Tho band aeloctiona were from " Linda di Chamouni " and "Maritana," the latter being the better of the two. The choir consisted of about 30 voices, and the best thing that was done by thom was " From Oberon in Fairy Land." Tbe BOUW sung by Mrs. Oaten, Mies Holland, and Miss Murphy wera pleas- ing to listen to. In a society mustering so many singers, it is quite possible to bring about higher results than any yet attained by the South Melbourne Musical Union. They need not be discouraged by their pre- sent want of success, but should earnestly set about doing better for the future A quadrille patty took place after the concert had come to an end. Mr. Gilbert's play "Charity" waa repeated last evening at the Theatre Royal, and ap- peared to give great satisfaction to the audience. The house was well filled. The same programme will be continued until Saturday evening, when Madame Jonauschek will make her firat appearance in Mel- bourne. We have received an anonymous donation of £1 for the Indian woman on whose behalf Mr. Sturt, P.M., made an appeal in our columns. It was Mr. David Lee, and not Mr. Hill, who played the organ during the vis't of Madame Ristori to the Town-hall on Tues- day. Wo are requested to call attention to an advertisement of a meeting to be held at the Town-hall this afternoon to consider the propriety of offering a return ball to the mayor and Mrs. Gatehouse. We understand that the Opera-house has been kindly granted to Mr. C. Fyne by Mr. W. S. Lyster for the purpose of hold'ng an evening service of sacred song on Octobor 17, in aid of the Hospital Sunday funda. A social meeting for the purpose of wel- coming the Rev. C L. Witham, of Adelaide, was held last n'ght in the Unitarian Church, Eastern-hill. There was a fair attendance, and the rev. gentleman having been intro- duced to the company in a short address, a tea-meeting was held, and some pleasant music was given. Mr. Philip Phillips will give one of his farewell services of song this evening in the Wesleyan Church, Emerald-hill, for the benefit of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. It is hoped, in the interests of this excellent institution, that the collection will be large, especially as the orphan asylum ia not among those proposed to be benefited by the Hos- pital Sunday movement 