Lakp legislation, to a greater extent than most other forms of law making, is a task requiring strict impartiality, careful thought and judicial deliberation, bit when it lias boon taken in hand in the colonies it has unfortunately been dealt with hurriedly, perfunctorily, and in a spirit of partizanshipl The guiding motives that have actuated the Cramers of Land Hills have not been so much a desire to advance the general interests, by providing adequate facilities for settlement, without undue or unnecessary interference with vested rights, as to pander to popular demands, too often the outcome and embodiment of selfish ignorance; similarly, iu dealing with these bills, the parties into which the Legislatures arc divided have been moved, not by a sincere design to produce laws that in their working would deal equitably by all classes of the community, but by the intent to promote spccial and ciass interests—to benefit that section of, the people on whom they lely for political support at the expense of the rest. From this cause it has arisen that land legislation, at least in the older colonies, has proved a failure as regards its highest objects : the settlement of the people on the soil in such manner as to best dcvelope the natural wealth and latent resources of the country. In Victoria, legis lators and administrators have each in their several spheres, endeavored to shut out capital from the laud; they have legislated and administered to settle the " hardworking sons of toil" on the soil, and have succecded in alienating the greater area of the best lands of the colony, nominally and temporarily to a class of small agriculturalists, but in reality and permanently to largo capitalists engaged in pastoral pursuits. Something of the same kind has been attempted in New South Wales, but the results have not proved so disastrous as in the southern colony, because of the greater extent of its territory, and also because selection by minors—whether legal or otherwise, matters not—gave encouragement to men possessed of moderate capital to invest their money in the production of commodities for which the country is specially adapted. To attribute the " protectionist" policy of Victoria to its land legislation may appear to some to be as paradoxical as joining together iu the relationship of cause and effect Tenterden steeple and tho Goodwin Sands; nevertheless we hold that the persistent effort made by the Legislature to prevent capital from engaging in the production of wool and meat has had an effect in causing money to be employed in manufactures, for which the country is not adapted owing to the high rates of labor, and has led to special taxation being imposed on the people in order to give eome return on the money thus employed. If, instead of having deemed it to be their mission to force Victoria into the position of a grain exporting country in spite of. nature, and with that object in view hedging in the acquisition of laud with absurd and mischievous restrictions—so that it can only be legitimately secured in areas insufficient for any purpose excepting cultivation—the legislators of Victoria had recognised its special capabilities for wool and meat production, and bad endeavored to increase these capabilities, by holding out inducements to men of moderate means to engage iu sheep-fanning, stockfeeding, and cognate industries, there would have been no need to furnish artificial employment for capital and labor b3 T the imposition of taxation for the encouragement of colonial manufactures. jSTew South Wales lias the advantage of Victoria in a much larger territory, anditbad also the advantage until recently, of a law that permitted, if it did not encourage, the acquisition of land by persons with means sufficient to engage in the production of the great staple which has proved, and is destined to prove a greater and more permanent source y of wealth to Australia than its gold mines. A great mistake was made by the Legislature of New South Wales, and a still greater mistake by the people, when selection by minors was practically, abrogated, without some equivalent being substituted that would allow men possessed of a moderate amount of capital to take up land sufficient for stock-raising, sheep-fanning, or for carrying on a system of mixed husbandry. To remedy that mistake all energies ought to be bent, if-it is desired that the country should steadily, advance in prosperity, and have its prosperity based, on a sure and substantial foundation. ' In a country like Australia,, with its vast and varied resources, it is simply deplorable that so lar^e a percentage of the population—largerthan that of any otiher country in tho world—should bo massed in tho cities and towns; that want And misery should be no rarity, owing to the unwise aggregation of the people, while there arc vast areas of fertile laud practically unoccupied ; that competition should be as keen, if riot keener than in older communities, consequent ten the undue proportion of capital invested in distribution, when there is ample scope for tho profitable employment of money in production. To bring about a better state of things wise land legislation is necessary; legislation, that would encourage and foster the growth of a middle class, offer inducements to those who arc struggling in the over-crowded rauksof business and the professions to engage iu production, and while benefitting themselves add to tho wealth and prosperity of the country. To obtain legislation of this beneficial character, the first step that ought to be taken is the formation of associations throughout the length and breadth of the colony. 15y means of such associations a plan of operations could be dccidcd upon, and a programme drawn up that, while abstaining from asking for the impracticable, would seek to secure amendments in the law that would deal equitably by all classes of the community. Under the existing Land Act of New South Wales tlic interests of only two classes are provided for, the agriculturists on the one hand and the pastoral tenants on the other. But besides these arc there other classes who ought to be taken into consideration. For the future well-being of the country, as well as for its present prosperity and progress, it is essential that every facility should be given for the profitable employment of capital; experience has taught that money cannot be better utilised than in mixed husbandry, stock-raising, aud sheep-fanning on a moderate scale, therefore it is the duty of the Legislature to deal with the public lands so as to offer inducements to men of moderate means to engage in these industries. Class interests, however, far outweigh duty or regard for the general welfare in the minds of laige numbers, if not the majority, of the members of Parliament; but to counteract this those who desire that greater facilities should be given for the employment of capital and labor in the work of production, ought to take measures to ensure that their views also are represented, so that land legislation when again undertaken may have in view the general benefit, and not merely that of one or two classes of the community. Ik glancing over a file of metropolitan exchanges, we chanced, a few days since, to come across a sub-leader in a new. Sydney evening paper entitled The Echo, containing the following rather severe reflections upon the country press:—"Amongst the specialities at the Philadelphia Exhibition will be found a number of provincial journals of New South Wales. These will doubtless rivet the gaze and fascinate the attention of the intelligent American, who will gloat over the glowing pages of these contributions towards the instruction and amusement of the community. We cannot say how they will be catalogued or displayed: perhaps they will be placed in a case under the 'cross-head' of'Curiosities.' But there can be little doubt that each particular issue will convey a flattering estimate of our capabilities as journalists. The duties of a country editor are particularly harassing. Publishing daystiill arrive; the paper must be forthcoming; but where, oh! where, is the news ? It is not very surprising if reason sometimes fails to hold its seat in the distracted brain of the editor. What is to be done ? Monster gooseberries won't grow, showers of frogs are rare, people don't seem to tumble down shafts or murder one another as they used—sometimes there iB not even a snake-story. Then desperation ensues. Out scissors and paste-pot—' here's snip, and rip, and cut, and slish, and slash;' until at length the Dawdleton Dozer is complete and ready for the press. Thus it is that we see journals with a column headed 'Local News,' and containing some dozen paragraphs, not a single one of which bear any reference to matters within a hundred miles of the locality. In another instance, we remember observing, under the same title, eight paragraphs, all with different ' side-heads,' but all furnished by the proceedings in tho local police court of the previous day. Then those good old stock 'funny' paragraphs, which travel in circles all round aud round the country press —starting up again and again like Banquo's ghost, when least expected 1 Even the groundwork of a leader is not so readily to be obtained. _ Of this, not long ago, a striking illustration was furnished by a country journal. We hope that our country friends have furbished themselves up, and made an appearance calculated to astonish Brother Jonathan." It might have been expected that the foregoing remarkable combination of, patronising insolence with, the snub-direct would ere this have called forth a suitable reply from sonje of the country journals, and we may confess to a feeling of disappointment at tho fact that 0f ffpl flLgl.t it TOrtfi »Mlo wcfetou.0 of abler Kubiect In default, hovnver, w K e s we cannot allow togJttodg Without entering ft mild protest flf ^J ^ uncalled for and untruthful metropolitan contemporary, as well ^ J W the spirit in which they aro conceived. In ho S p M it will bo rfy admitted thai au attack of the kind would be n execrable taste even suiting that the allegaUons m question were justified by t ^ ^ / ^ case. The conductor of a metropolitan dall y has necessarily in every department of journalism the command of resources altogether bevond the reach of tho mere countjy journalist, and to institute therefore any comnarison between the results produced m the two cases would be not only unfair but ridiculous. On a daily newspaper the laJge quantity of work to be performed permits ot that subdivision of labor by which alone the greatest cfficiciicy can be swured in the vanoua branches of any indusi ry, mental or mechanicaL Thus the reporters do nothing but report, the sub-editor docs nothing but sub-edit, the proofreaders only read proofs, while on a daily paper of any standing the name of tho leaderwriters is Legion; each editorial on a special subject being supplied by some gentleman with whom such subject is a speciality. Eveiy member of tho staff, therefore, from long practice becomes an adept in his own particular line, aud the result is, or should bo, as near an approach to perfection as possible. Now, on a country newspaper a very different state of things exists ; one individual having to combine in his own person the various functions above described. The conductor of a country newspaper is at once alitor, subeditor, leader-writer, reporter, proof-reader, in short literary factotum to the journal with which he is connected; and under such circumstances a comparison bet ween metropolitan and country papers is absurd, as one man cannot of courte be expected to possess in each of the different branches named as much skill as the person who applies himself solely and entirely to that one department of journalism. If then The Echo were really the heau ideal of a newspaper which it evidently assumes to be, there would be no justification but simply a display of the veiy worst taste in the present attempt to sneer at its provincial contemporaries. We have said that a comparison between metropolitan and country papers would not be foir, but fair or unfair, wo are by no means certain that such a comparison would be all to the advantage of the self-sufficient and would-be caustic Echo. Country journals in New South Wales, as a rule, are ably conducted, and usually furnish a fair supply of local and general news, presented in a concise, intelligible, and interesting form. Let us see what The Echo is like. We have before us the issue of the 18th August, the same containing the ill-natured insolence forming the subject of the present remarks, and wo proceed forthwith to learn in all humility what a newspaper ought to be. Oil the first page we find editorial comments on passing events, to the length of rather less than two ordinary newspaper columns; the articles, by the way, not displaying any extraordinary depth or brilliancy. Looking for more original matter we hunt up after some difficulty about a column of law reports, and a list of people lodging at certain publichouses. After this, wonderful to relate, everything appears to be reprinted from the Sydney Morning Herald, Yes ! strauge as it may appear, it is nevertheless true, that reports of meetings, shipping intelligence, theatrical critiques, commercial news, &c.;,—in fact items forming niue-tenths of the whole contents of the number—are one aud all taken verbatim from the previous issue of the great Sydney thunderer. Such a discovery as this, after that glorious burst of eloquence about the scissors and paste-pot," naturally somewhat appals the patient newspaper neophyte anxious to sit at the feet of the new journalistic Gamaliel; but the enquiry must be pushed further; some mistake must have been made, some effort of genius overlooked. Ha! we have itthe "current events" C °l U T{ ™ shall learn how Z a .fid* "locals" are to be written. Wo turn vnt^f ^ 1 ^ P° lti0n 0f ^ho d0- that here at least we shall find original, matter with reference to what is taking g placjfajffi metropolis—real Sydney local Lws. " " l ^ ^^^^^^Pomted! Every local in the paper—tell it not in Gath—has Repmit, from the " Bidehead" which * commences the first paragraph, down to tS fuU stop which terminates the l ^ o t h hut reprint from beginning to end & locals, nine are extracts from Victorian and a W l i ^ t ^ n accident S ' burn) have reference to places within eoveS hundreds ofmilesof''Sydney; while of the remaining nine, four''; are furnished by proceedings at tibiico courts, coroners' inquests, &c.;,!ioId oil the previous day—the very sources of information or rather ofparagraph-manufactare -which oar contemporary affects so, much to despise. If animated by the same lAoarping ill-nature displayed in the article now °under consideration, wo could say a good deal more to show that the Jicho has greater need to remove the beam from ita own eye than to attempt the extraction of motes from its neighbors' optica} and by way of commencement we should perhaps point to the fact that the morning paper of which the Echo is but the feeble reflex, is, in the matter of local intelligence, notoriously the worst supplied journal in Australia, frequently appearing as it does without a genuine local paragraph in its columns. We prefer, however, to be magnanimous, and so dismiss the subject; merely commending to the careful consideration of our contemporary a homely old proverb, in the hope that when next the Echo affects the terribly caustic style of writing it will remember that—" People who live in glass houses should not throw stones." THE regulations in connection with the new Land Act, which were duly gazetted on Saturday last, cleat up several doubtful points upon which a difference of opinion had arisen. Thus the limitations with regard to purchases by virtue of prospective improvements, an? strictly defined; such purchases are not to exceed one block in every five miles square; the block may be of any size, from 40 to 640 acres, but the total area, whatever it may be, cannot be subdivided into a number of 40-acre portions, as some alarmists contended. Another important point upon winch anxiety had been felt was with regard to additional conditional purchases, some persons holding that there was nothing in the Act which allowed a holder of 320 acres, taken up uuder the old law, to make up his selection to 640 acres under the new. This difficulty is, however, disposed of by the 39th clause of the regulations, which expressly provides for the enlargement of such selections by additional conditional purchases, to the extent necessary to make them up to the maximum area allowed under the new law. By clause 21, the following classes of lauds are excluded from conditional purchase:—Town lands; suburban lands; lands within proclaimed gold-fields; lands under lease for miniug purposes to any person other than the applicant; lands within areas bounded by lines bearing north, east, south, and west, and distant ten miles from the outside boundary of any city or town containing according to the then last census, 5000 inhabitants, or three miles from the outside boundary of any town or village containing 100 inhabitants; lauds reserved for the site of any town or viiiage, or for the supply of water, or reserved from sale for any public purpose 7 and lands containing improvements to the value of £1 per acre, withih the four corners of a block not less in area than 40 acres. With regard to the pre-loases, the regulations provide that the rent shall be\£2 per section of 640 acres, but not less than £1 for any area. Application for th8 lease is to be made on the proper form to the Land Agent any day in the week except Thursday, the rent for the current half-year being at the same time tendered. The application is then forwarded by the Land Agent in due course to the Minister for Lands, and on the approval of the latter being notified in the .Government Gazette, the applicant is empowered to enter upon and occupy his lease The regulations, comprising as they do a multiplicity of forms and schedules, are, of course, much more voluminous than the Act itself. DELAY IN ISSUE OF GOLD-MT^NG LEASES.— Numerous complaints have reached us with regard to the long and unnecessary delay in the issue Of gold-miuing leases, and one correspondent in particular points out the injury accruing from this cause to the mining, interest at Yarrara. It appears that at that place in several iustauces, applications for leases have not been dealt with for a period of eighteen months after they were forwarded to the department, while in two or three cases a still longer time has elapsed before the result of tbe application was officially announced, The loss and inconvenience thus occasioned operate in a twofold manner; first, the&cwMt; fide applicant is prevented from turning his claim to account, by a fear of expending his money and labor on ground to which he may never obtain a title; and secondly, the system of « shepherding" claims by persons who have no idea of working the ground, is directly encouraged, and 1 many payable quartz claims are thus locked np, which, if thrown open, would be quickly taken up ! apd tested. It must be admitted that in this respect they manage things better over the boMerJ 'ln Victoria, fourteen days after foraial application' has been : nnide for a lease, and provided no Ejections have been lodged, the ground beisomes practifcaUy in the possession of the applicant, who can at once set to work without risk.; In tovoor three weeks more the proper document is iwuod to the Ussee, who lute then to commence operations at once or incur the penalty of forfeiture. Bad a system like this been in force in Now South Wales, such of the claimholdertj at Yarrara as really mean to work their ground would have been afforded on opportunity of doing so long before this date, while others, again, who have been merely " shepherding" with a view to sell out, would "have been obliged to make way for miners who really meaut business, • ALBURY MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—A meeting of the Committee of the Albury Mechanics' Institute was held a few days since, the members present being Mr. Blackmbre (in the chair), and Messrs. Skinner, Thorold, Greer, Hooking, Dwyer, Paine, Blacklock, and Mudge. After the disposal of the usual routine business the following accounts were passed for payment :~Aiyus, £2 3s* 6d.; incidental expense!?, £2 14s. <5d.; firewood,; £l LOs. ; repairs to room, £1. The Secretary' then reported that the sum of £25 was available for the purchase of new books for the library, and the following gentlemen were appointed as a Bub-couimittec to select the works to be purchased, via., Messrs. Blackinore, Hookins, and Mudge. It was also decided, with reference to this subject, that all subscribers to the Institute should be invited to send in a list of the works they would like to see added to the library. Some discussion then took place with reference to increasing the si?e of the hall, and it was ultimately decided to erect a new building altogether at the rear of the present hall; the latter to be devoted to the purposes of the library and reading room. In pursuance of this resolution Messrs. Skinner, Thorold, Mudge, and Diguaiu were appointed a sub-committee to ascertain the cost of the proposed structure. This concluded the business and the meeting closed. TBE BURSARY SCHEME.—A meeting of the gentlemen appointed to take steps for the establishment of a district bursary, in connection with the Sydney University, hail been arranged to take dace on Monday afternoon, and at the appointed Ilour Messrs. James Day, Dignam, Thorold, and Moflitt, Were iu attendance. Owing, however, to a severe storm occurring at the time tbe other members of the committee failed to put in an appearance, and it was according^' decided to postpone any action in the matter uutil a future occasion when a larger attendance could be secured. MACHINERY FOR YARRARA.—Ou Monday afternoon the pumping and winding gear and other machineiy for the Perseverance Reef, Yarrara, amounting in all to some twenty-three tons, arrived at the Wodouga terminus from Ballarat It is, however, likely to remain at the station for another month as tbe roads just now are in too bad a state to cany heavy leading of the kind, aud besides teams have for a considerable time past been very .soiree. The boiler for Mr. Martin's crushing mill is also lying at Wodonga and pending its arrival at Yarrara the work ot putting up the machine cannot be proceeded with. SPELLING BEKS.—A correspondent sends the following hint with reference to spelling bees :— " In the event of one of these amusing contests taking place in Albury, I would suggest that the following rule should be strictly adhered to, viz., that no technical term, nor any word with regard to the pronunciation of which any uncertainty exists, should be propounded to any competitor. The reason for this condition is, that such words are not fair tests ot skill in orthography ; the first description giving an unfair advantage to persons connected with some special trade or profession, aud the latter kind tending to miolfla/i " Wp Din v.flint wfi thorough! v nrrrt'P with the suggestion of our correspondent, and would further recommend that no obsolete words should be selected. In one instance we notice that a number of really good spellers were utterly confounded by the word " borborygiuwhich is said to signify " a peculiar rumbling noise iu the bowels,' but which is not to be found in many dictionaries, and is certainly a word that not one person in ten thousand has ever heard of. It appears to us that the words chosen should be such as are commonly used by educated persons in speaking or writing on the ordinary, social, religious, or political topics of the day, and in all if a judicious selection be made from words of this class, a sufficient number of" posers " can be hit upon to test the skill of the ablest competitors. At all events, it will be quite time enough when the vocabulary of modern writers has been exhausted, to fall back upon, obsolete terms relating to obscure bowel complaints. MINING AT HAWKSVIEW,—Mining operations are still being prosecuted with vigor in the neighborhood of Hawksview. A parcel of 120 tons from the Surprise claim was crushed last week at Mr. Davis's mill. The precise yield from this we have not been able to ascertaiu, but we understand it was not quite so good as had been anticipated. Better results, however, will probably ensue from the crushing shortly to be commenced from the Hawksview. TREE-PLANTING IN THE STREETS.—Mr. Mudge, who has been the first to avail himself of the permission given by the Council for the planting of trees in the various streets of the borough, informs us that his estimate of the cost of the fence described in the specifications was a great deal over the mark. Instead of being £5 as Mr. Mudge had rather hurriedly stated, the expense for each fence, including painting, was ouly £1 5s. ALBURY PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.—-The members of the Albury Philharmonic Society purpose giving their next concert iu the course of a few weeks. In the meautime, practice is being regularly carried on, aud is well attended. The proamme on this occasion will consist of miscel- S neous music. THE BISHOP OJ? GODLBUBN,—We understand that according to the tenor of a letter received from the Bishop of Goulburn, his lordship will probably arrive in Goulburn in the month of May next. QUAKING V, AGRICULTURE.—By a stock report from BMlarat, we leam that a draft of Mr. Niel Black's station-bred cattle realised the enormous average of £2719s. 3d. The fact of such profits being obtainable by grarieM, while farthing even when carried on upon the most approved principles, and with the bent appliances, is but a mere hkuid-to-mouth existence, goes far to prove that the Legislatures of both Victoria and New 8outh Wales have made a grave mistake in confining purchases of land under the free selection system to agricultural pursuits, by the smallncsa of the area allowed. ACCIUENT AT GEROOERY.—A seriouR accident occurred on Sunday last, to a young man named Christian Punjpa, in the employ of Mr. Heppner of Gerogery. It appears that l'umpa, in company with some other young fellows in the neighborhood, went out for a ride 011 Sunday afternoon, aud the party commenced racing. While gallopping through the bush at full speed, the horse that Puinpa was riding fell heavily and rolled over its rider. As soon as possible the hut was taken up by his companions and carried home, where from 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, until some hours after midnight, be remained in a state of insensibility. On Monday morning he was brought into Albury for medical treatment. THE CHURCHES IN NEW SOUTH WALKS.— According to the census of 1871, the population of New South Wales was 503,981, of which 460,572 are accounted for us follows :—Anglican Church, 229,243 ; Roman Catholic Chmcb, 145,932; Presbvleriau Church, 49,122 ; Wesleyan Church, 30,275. THE NORTH EASTERN" RAILWAY. — From statistics furnished with regard to the traffic on the Victorian linos of railway, we learn that last year the North Eastern line curried 13,722 passengers, anl 10,498 tons of goods. Co UKTERFEIT NOTES.—Wc learn from the Melbourne journals that a Chinaman has been arrested for endeavoring to pass a forged ,£5-note of the Bank of New South Wales, purporting to bare been issued at the Albury branch of the bank in question. The Aiyiu states that the forgery is an old one, aud that it is not believed that many of the notes are in existence. The forger was apprehended some years ago aud convicted, aud since then the forged notes have occasionally been put into circulation, but never in great numbers. The forgery, though likely to deceive the unwary, would instantly be detected by anj T one much accustomed to handle bank notes. SANDY CREEK..—An occasional correspondent at Sandy Creek writes as follows " The Ion period which has elapsed since I forwarded you any intelligence from this quarter is very simply accounted for by the fact that there has been nothing to write about. Now there is an old adage to the effect that" no news is good uews," but I regret to say tliat in the present instauce the proverb referred to is not confirmed, as what I have to tell is anything but a record ot improvement in the present condition or future prospects of Sandy Creek. In tbe first place, the population has become smaller, aud promises to become less, several families having left the neighborhood and others couteuiplatiuga removal as soon as circumstances will permit. The principal reason of this exodus is that the fanners are now hemmed in ou all sides, and have, therefore, no opportunity ot extending their holdings by selection; consequently, with increasing family responsibilities, they are fain to sell out when occasion offers and go farther afield in search of fresh pastures. Amongst others we have lost in this way is Mr. Roljerts, an old resident of tbe district, who, having taken an active part in public matters, will be missed greatly. From the same cause the project for the establishment of a public school has had per force to lie abandoned. Some eighteen months ago subscription lists were opened and active measures taken lo supply this great want of the neighborhood, and for a time the movement promised to be most successful. In the early part of the year tenders were invited for the building, and one, happening to be within the amount available, was recommended to the Council of Education for acceptance. Here, however, the first difficulty was met with. Just as the Couucil had notified its approval of the tender, and when matters appeared to be fairly in train, the tenderer discovered that lie had named too low a price, and backed out of his bargain. This of course occasioned a good deal of delay as well as much disappointment, but worse remained to follow. When the subject ot inviting fresh tenders began to be discussed, it was found that out of 35 children whose attendance at the pro posed school bad in the first instauce been guaranteed, no less than 20 had left the district, and it was therefore considered better to alio w the matter to remain in abeyance for tbe time ; the money subscribed for the building has consequently been returned to the subscribers. The roads in this direction are as bad as ever; indeed, that portion of the main thoroughfare to Wagga Wagga in the immediate neighborhood of the Ten-mile Hill i in a worse state than I ever remember to have seen it before. At that place the traffic is confined within very narrow limits by a fence on one side of the read and a deep ditch on the other, and the consequence is that the track is ploughed up into very deep ruts, in one of which only two or three days ago Mr. Kennedy's bullock team, got stuck, and bail to be unloaded. A meeting with reference to this spot was held by the local com mittee last week, and a letter was drawn up call ing the attention of the Superintendent of Roads to the subject, • It was estimated that the place could be rendered passable by filling up the ruts with stone at a cost not exceeding £20, and if the work can be done for anything like that sum, it ought at once to be effected. I am not aware whether any reply has jut been received from the Superintendent of Roads on the subject. I don't know that I have anything more to tell you. excepting that an accident occurred here recently^ which 1 have uot seen alluded to in the Albury papers. The accident happened close to the residence of Mr. Roberts, to a man whose name have not been able to ascertain. The man in testion, however, appears to have been galloping Song the road at a furious rate, and when opposite Mr. Roberts' door was thrown heavily to thei ground. The Albury coach chanced to be changng horses nt the time, and the passengers were fully of opinion that the unfortunate fellow was killed outright. He was, however, carried inside, and, receiving every attention, was gradually restored to consciousness, when it was discovered that no bones had been broken, and that all the injury the patient had sustained was a severe shaking. I may add that this accident added one more to the long list of like results from overndulgeuce in intoxicating liquors." YARBABA AND THE FOUR- MILE,—A correspondent at the Four-mile Creek says :— "Notwithstanding the large number of reefs recently discovered in this locality, it would seem that the neighborhood is not a promising one for the commercial interest. I hear that the two principal storekeepers complain greatly with regard to the difficulty of getting in money, and issert that they have made an undue proportion of bad debts. This slate of thiugs is probably owing to the fact that a great many of the prospectors commenced operations without sufficient capital, trusting to luck to pull them through. This, I need hardly say, is auything but a fa r proceeding as it throws ail the risk of prospecting upon the storekeeper, who, under the most favorable circumstances, can only hope to secure a legitimate profit upon his goods. A more wholesome condition of trade will, however, probably be brought about when the large claims in the hands of Albury proprietors begiu to get in fair working order, and a number of men in receipt of regular wages are located amongst us. In the meantime we live in hope. I am glad to be able to report that active measures are being takeu for tbe improvement of the main road between Dixon's Swamp and Germantou, which sadly needed attention. The late rains had rendered it almost impassable, and the repairs have not been commenced a day too soou." MAIL CONTRACTS.—The tender of Mr. George H. Stivens has been accepted for the conveyance of mails once a week, on horseback, between Urana and Narandera, via Urana Station, Coonong, Widgewa, Yarrabee, Cuddle township, and Gillenbar. GOLD-MIXING LEASES.—Tbe undermentioned leases not having been executed by the lessees, have been returned to the department for cancel* latiou; and unless executed in the meantime, will be finally cancelled on tbe 22ud September : —Hermann Fisher and Co., 11a. lr. 18p., Adelong; A. B. Dean and Co., 4a», do.; Thomas Woodward and Co., 10a., do.; Johu Hogson and Co., 12a., do.; Thomas Woodward and Co., 7a. 2r. 20p., do.; John Illott and Co., 2a. 3r. 4p., do.; Daniel Boston and Co., 5a. 2r. 28p., do.; F. H. Grundy, Tumbaruinba. PUBLIC GATES.—By a notification in the last issue of the Government Gazette, the public are informed that every applicant for permission to erect a gate or gates, under the Act of Council 39 Vic. No. 10, must forward to the Minister for Lands, together with his application, the sum of £3 3s. for one gate, and £1 Is. for every other jate on the same property or run, to cover cost of the surveyor's report. If the road is considered of sufficient public importance to warrant the payment for erection of gate or gates by the Goernment, the money will be refuuded. WARDEN'S COURT AT YARRARA.—On Thursday next Captain Brownrigg will hold a Warden's Court at the Four Mile Creek, to decide certain disputes with reference to a mining claim in the neighborhood. PUBLICAN'S LIABILITY ACT.—Licensed victuallers will do well to remember that they cannot take advantage of the new Act, limiting their liability with regard to the property of their lodgers, unless a printed copy of the section dealing with the subject, be placed in every bedroom of the licensed houses. Copies of the section may be procured at the office of this paper, aud have been forwarded to most of the Licensed victuallers in the district; should any hotelkeepers have been overlooked, by writing to the office, and enclosing stamps at the rate of 3d. per copy, the required number of copies will be at once sent. TEN MILE CREEK.—The tender of Mr. Frew has been accepted for the erection of the public school at Ten Mile Creek. COMMISSIONERS UNDER THE CROWN LANHS ACT.—In accordance with the 25th clause of the new Land Act, the following gentlemen have been appointed Commissioners to take evidence and report upon any complaints and disputes with reference to the fulfilment by conditional purchasers of the conditions of residence and improvement ;— Messrs. Wliittingdalc Johnson, George Clarke, Henry Burne, Thomas J. Hawkins, Henry James Bolding, Johnson George King, Alfred Cyrus Rose, John Delanev. These appointments take effect from Wednesday last the 1st inst., but the districts have not yet been assigned. PERMISSION TO PURCHASE,—It is announced in the Government Gazette that the persons mentioned iu the subjoined list will be permitted to purchase under the 8th clause of the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, the portions oi improved land specified against their names :—J. J. and E. W. Donnelly, 40a., Buckagingah Run; Robert Rand, 200a., Urangeline ; Robert Rand, 70a,, Sumner ; Robert Rand ; 150a., Bulgandra ; WM. Wragge and James Hearnes, G40a., Uarbry; Alexander Sloane, 320a., Boonnnmomana; Messrs. Osborne and Hcbden (2 lots), S^Oa., Brbokong; James Gibb, 80a., Berthongj James Balfour, 120a., Round Hill Run; Osborne and Hebden, 50a., Brookong ; W. T. Capel, 3a. 3r. 39p., Adelong. V THE THIETY- FIRST CLAUSE OF THE LAND ACT.—We mentioned recently .that, a .meskage had been received from thp, ,Mlineter fP^'' t6 the effect that a squattet BieWMhg tho iftwly- created privilege of purchasing in rigbt of intended improvements could only take up one block of laud in every five wiles square. In confirmation of this statement we find in the regulations to the Act, which have just been published, the following clauseNo application can be made for more than one portion, not exceeding 640 acres, within each block of 8 miles square, of the applicant's leasehold, or a proportionate quantity out of any holding of less area." THB MURRAV AXTT THE RIVER FLAW.— While portions of the river flats are gradually being raised by the deposit of sediment during floods, other "places are being washed away by the scour of the waters, and there is a probability that before long the Murray wilt cut out fur itself a new channel, aud, leaving Albury high and dry, find its way down the Vied ot the Watercourse known n-s the Wodonga Creek, and through the lagoon to the north ot Wodonga. Year bv year the bed of this watercourse is being widened and deepened by the actiou of the water that finds its way from the Murray at a point where the river takes a sudden turn, some distance alwvc the Union Bridge, and as the bed of the timid xtream is being gradually silted up by the earthy matter poured into it by the Kiewa River, a heavy flood may at any time sweep away the frail barrier that con lines the Murray to ils present channel, and permit free egress for the vhole of its wafers down the watercourse that winds close to Wodonga. Residents of old standing iiig that thirty years ago, what is now known as the Wodonga Creek—which in the winter season carries as large a volume of water as many of the so-called rivers in the colonies—was only a slight depression that could lie stepped across at any point by a pedestrian, while the lagoon that contains a" large body of water during the whole year, and through which the surplus water of the creek, when swollen by the overflow of the Slurray, finds its way, was a cultivated garden. Excepting that the limited area of Victoria would be further reduced by the loss of a few hundred acres, and that the huge territory of New South Wales would be correspondingly increased, no very grave consequences- would ensue from the Murray changing its course. Albury might suffer temporary inconvenience from the channel being left dry in close proximity to the town, but if the effect of that inconvenience were to cause the inhabitants to undertake the work of providing a permanent water supply, what might otherwise be regarded as a calamity, would, in the long run, prove a lienefit. SOIREE.—We may remind our readers that the soiree and concert in aid of the building fund of St. Mathew*s Church, takes place on Wudnesday evening next. An excellent programme has been prepared, aud a large attendance is expected on the occasion. During the evening an auction will be held of the articles remaining unsold from the late bazaar. FLOODS.—Consequent on the heavy rains o Monday and Tuesday, and the rain and hailstorms that have since been experienced, the rivers and creeks have risen to nearly as great a height as in the year 1870. Every where the waters are out; in many localities communication has for a time been put a stop to; settlers have been driven from tneir homes, and a great deal of damage has been done to fences, growing crops, and other property. The large quantity of rain that fell on Moudav and Tuesday, amounting to five or six inches,"soon told on the Mitta Mitta aud Kiewa rivers ; by Tuesday evening these rivers lia<l overllown their banks and were pouring immense volumes of water into the Murray. The latter river, which rises less rapidly, overspread the low-lying lands betwixt Albury and Wodonga early on Wednesday, and on Thursday mornln there was an almost unbroken sheet of water between the two towns, while the river continued slowly to rise until it had submerged the lower portion of Albury, covered the main road between the Union Bridge and Hume-street with a foot or two of water, and inundated the dwellings on the flats, causing several of the residents to leave their homes until the waters abated. Along the course of the stream the lands that have lieen the subject of many contests at the local land boards held at Wodonga were covered with water, in places many fathoms deep, and of many holdings the only traces that were be seen were the tops of the fences. Between Wodonga, Bonegilla, and other settlements on the banks of the Murray and its tributaries, communication, exceptiug by boat, has for the present been suspended. A festive party, from Bonegilla, visited SVodonga on Tuesday, in older that the nuptial knot might be tied between a stalwart young farmer and a blooming lass, the daughter of a neighboring selector, but having delayed their departure they were compelled to remain in the border town, a return to their homes having for the present been rendered impossible. This, however, w.is merely a slight contretemps compared with the other results o the sudden rising aud spreading abroad of the waters. In several localities the selectors have had to leave their holdings to take care of themselves, their cultivation paddocks ure submerged and there is too much reason to fear that when the floods subside both crops and soil will have been swept away by the scour of the waters. A great deal of fencing has also been destroyed, and numbers of stock depasturing on the low-lying lands have perished from cold aud exposure, or been swept away bv the floods. Yesterday the river was slowly subsiding, THK DUTY ON COLONIAL WINES IMPORTED INTO GREAT BRITAIN.—Vigiierons in the border district will learn with satisfaction that the reduction of the high rate of duty unfairly charged on! pure Australian wines imported into Great Britain is pot being lost sight ot but that the re- ; sults of lie ;ej^eiiments made *3 by 1] the cluef in spectoje of-disfcill cries of New South Wales and Victoria, in the Valley of the Murray, duringlpst vintage, bays, been mad? known to Mr. Michie, in om6r that he may lay the matter before the British^Jp&rtuitenk; Af a recent cominittBe meeting'of 0ie Melbourne Chamber of Commerce it was grated that the whole of the evidence, with die certificates furnished bearing on the natural strength of Australian wiuea, had been forwarded >y the Victorian Government to the Agent- General, together with instructions asking him to make the needed representations to the English customs authorities. JUVHKILE BCBBRAKGING.—A case of " sticking up" jn which robber and robbed were both children of tender years, occurred on Sunday evening last on the Sydney Road. A little hoy about eight years old, was, it appears, coming home from a walk, when another lad a few years older, came tip to hini, and presenting a pistol, demanded the little fellow s money. The child replied that he had no money, whereupon the elder lad proceeded to search him, and finding nothing, caused the little fellow to go down on his knees, aud beg his (the big boy's) pardon ; what the small boy was to ask pardon lor, we do not know, unless it was for his impecuniosity. We may point out, however, that what was probably intended for a rough practical joke, was in this instance carried a good deal too far, the little boy having been nearly frightened out of his life, and we may also suggest tuc probability of the attention ot the police being drawn to the matter if the juvenile bushranger attempts any more tricks of the kind. In the meantime a taste of the birch might act as a wholesale check upon this young gentleman's inordinate faucy for practical joking. MEETIX<; AT JINDERA.—A meeting of selectors and others interested was held at Bail's hotel, Jiinlera, on Wednesday, for the purpose of taking iulo consideration the working of the Land Act, and the amendments desirable to be effected therein. In spite of inclement weather, flooded creeks and loads, there was a good attendance, ibont 50 farmers and selectors, representing the sheep fanning and agricultural interest?, having iissembled by the hour appointed for the meeting. Mr. A. Ileppner, of lillerslie, iiaving been voted to the chair, in a few well-chosen remarks, explained the object for which the meeting had been convened, and alluded to some of the more objectionable features of the Land Act that had recently been passed by the Legislature. Mr. S. Muller, of Walla Walla, stated that a large number of selectors and farmers resident in that district had been prevented from attending the meeting owing to the floodedstate of the creeks; there were many whom he knew intended to lie present, who had been compelled to remain away, because of the difficulties and dangers of the journey. Several other gentleman made similar statements with regard to the residents of other districts, and after some deliberation, it was deemed advisable to postpone the meeting uutil finer weather, in order that there might be a larger attendance, and that opinions might be fully ventilated on the land question. Mr. Morton having formally proposed a motion to that effect, it was put by the chairman and carried, that the meeting stand adjourned until Wednes- day, 15th instant, at 3 p.m. INJURY TO THE RAILWAY KY THE FLOODS.— Considerable damage was done to the Northeastern railway, between Benalla and Glenrowan. by the rush of the storm-water, after the heavy rains that fell on Monday and Tuesday, aud the permanent way between Wangaratta and Cbiltern was also injured. The train due at 3.30 p.m. at Wodonga, on Tuesday, did not reach that station until early on Wednesday morning, and the trains that left for Melbourne on Tuesday were also delayed for several hours, owing to the breach caused near Glenrowan being impassable. Pas senders and mails had to be shifted from one side of the gap to the other, but by working day and night the breach was repaired by Wednesday. For a day or two traffic on the branch line between Wangaratta and Everton was completely stopped, a great portion of the line being uuder water; not much inconvenience, however, was caused by the stoppage, and there are not wanting those who assert that the country would have ultimately benefitted had the branch line beeu swept away by the floods. Considering the experience gained from the floodsof 1870, it is a matter for surprise that more waterway was not left on the Northeastern line, between Benalla and Cliilteni. In many places the culverts arc ridiculously small, and are much too far apart, aud uutil greater facilities are provided for the free passage of storm-water, breaches in the permanent way are likely to be of annual occurrence. BUGGY ACCIDENT.— An accident of A rather serious nature occurred to two residents of Jiinlera a day or two ago. Mr, Grasse, while driving in company with his wife between Albury and Jindera, stopped for a few minutes at Mr. Frauufelder's, on the Cemetery Road, got out of the vehicle, aud hitched the horse up bv the reins to the fence. During his absence, the horse, by f dragging on the reins, pulled off the bridle and winkers, and being startled by the sight of the vehicle behind it, commenced to plunge aud try to force itself free from the reins. Mr. Grasse rushed out, and tried to hold the affrighted animal, but was knocked down and severely in jnred about the head and face ; his wife, who had remained in the vehicle, was thrown out of the buggy and severely shaken, but not otherwise hurt, The horse got away, and bolted at a terrific pace in the direction of Jindera ; several men rushed out from Layton's and attempted to stop its mad career, which caused the animal to swerve and bring the buggy iuto contact with a fence j the vehicle was smashed, and the horse kicked itself clear before it could be secured and took the road to Jindera at the top of its speed. THUBGOONA.—For some time past a wild pig has been roaming over the Iiawkesview Station. This animal, supposed to be a runaway from some travelling herd of swine, first made its appearance about three months ago in the Cumbeioona •paddocks, fromwhich place it shifted its quarters to Hawkesvlew, where, during lambing season, it ing to get rid of such a nuisance, set a reward oa the auiuial's head, aud after several unsuccessful hunts, it fell a victim ou Saturday evening last to the gun of Mr. George Alien. Tenders were recently called for the erection of two additional rooms aud sundty repairs to the teachers residence, Thurgooua, The Wilder of Mr. llodgers of Albury for £'29b has been accepted by the Council of Education, but a difficulty has arisen which will cause considerable delay in the commencement of operations. It is the present practice in the erection and improvements of Public Schools for the Local Board in connection therewith to enter into the agreement with the contractors. The Local Board thus becomes liable for the payment of sums of money on the completion of certain stages of the work, though of course it is understood that the Couucil will refund these sums. The Local Board in this case not feeling disposed to incur this responsibility, has refused to become a party to the agreement, ami so the matter has beeu referred to the Council of Education for their consideration. POST OFFICE AT GUNDOWRING,—With a new to remedying the inconvenience suffered by the residents'of the parish of Gundowring from the waut of postal facilities, action has been taken to bring under the notice of the department the necessity for the establishment ot a local post office. To this end, a memorial has been got up, and is being extensively signed, setting forth that the nearest post office to the population settled at Gundowring is that at Kcrgimyah, a distauce of from six to eight miles, 011 the other side of the Kiewa river, aud inaccessible when the stream is swollen by the winter rains or by the melting of the suow on the mountains in the spring, and requesting that a post office may lie established at some central place in the parish of Gundowring. So good a case is made out by the memorialists, by reason of the number of settlers—a number steadily increasing—that would bebeuefitted by the establishment of a iocal post office and a branch mail service, that there ought to be no hesitation in granting their request; indeed, we think it may be taken for granted that it will at once be acceded to. OVENS AND MURRAY AGRTCCLTCRAL AND PASTORAL SHOW.—In coiuiectiou with this exliibition, which takes place at Wangaratta on the 17th instant, the following gentlemen have consented to act at judges in the various classes : In cattle—Mr. C. H. Barber, Gundowring ; Mr, James Winter, Toolamba station ; Mr. T. M. Peck, of the firm of Peck, Hudson, Raynor and Co. Blood stock—Mr. C. F. Fraser, ot Penerbly, near Malmsbury ; Mr. Hammond and Mr. A. M. Ayres, Melbourne. Draught stock—Mr, James Mitchell, of Tabletop ; Mr. Morley, Sandridge. Long woolled aud merino sheep—Mr. J. W. Scott, Yabba Yabba; Mr. W. S. Cox, Fleniington; Sir. J. Nichoi, Beckworth Cant, near Clunes ; Mr. Hammond, of the firm of Rvan, Hammond and Co., Mellxmrne. Farm aud dairy produce—Mr. J. Burrows, Barnawartha; Mr. J. S. Mitchell, formerly of the Model Farm; Mr. M. M'Caw, Melbourne. Wines—Messrs. G. D. Carter mid Hammond, Melbourne. There is every probability ot the exhibition proving most successful, and should the anticipations be realised, it will be to a great extent owing to the indefatigable exertions of the secretary, Mr. W. Orr. ELECTORAL REGISTRATION.—For the Belvoir division of the Ovens Electorate and the Wodonga division of the Murray Boroughs Electorate, the following are the numbers of ratepayers on the rolls .-—Ratepayers roll, Belvoir division, 210 ; electoral rights issued, 24 ; total for the Belvoir division of the Ovens, 34. Ratepayers roll Wodonga division. 48; electoral rights issued, 19 ; total for the Wodonga division of the Murray Boroughs, 67. For the Belvoir and Wodonga divisions of the Eastern Province, there are 25 and 15 respectively, giving a total of forty persons qualified to vote for a member of the Legislative Council, whilst there are 301 voters for the Assembly. Were it not for the absurd manner iu which Wodonga is divided between the electorates of the Ovens and Murray Boroughs, there is a sufficient number of electors to exercise a very considerable influence in the return of a member • as at matters stand the suffrage is practically valueless to the residents of the town andistrict surrounding. CUSTOMS RETURNS.—For the mouth of August the revenue collected at the Customs- house Albury, amounted to £1443 7s. 10d., showiu^ a falling-off of i442 Us. 2d., compared with the corresponding month of the previous year. The decrease is attributable, not to any falling-off iu the prosperity of the Riverine district, but to the nature of the season, which having rendered connnunicanion difficult, has prevented the distribution of dutiable goods throughout the province. With fine weather and passable roads, trade will become brisker, and a corvespondiii" increase will take place in the customs returns. " ALBURY MUNICIPAL COUKCIL.—Consequent 011 the want of sufficient members to form a quorum the meeting ot the Albury Municipal Council that was to have been held on Wednesday eveninc lapsed. * b ' SLY-GROG.—Several prosecutions have been initiated for the illegal sale of liquor within the Shire of Yackandiuidali, a couple of informers having recently made a tour of the shire, and caught several unlicensed sellers tripping. A new p?an of operations is said to have been adopted by the protectors of the revenue, said plan bein® the taking with them a horse and cart, picks, shovels, etc., to give them the appearance ol " men earning their bread by the sweat of their brow," and to impart an air of truth to their story that they were about to commence work repairing the road at a little distauce from the various places which they visited. Last week Thomas Boyes. of Middle Creek, was informed against for having sold a bottle oi colonial wine, he not being the holder of a wine or publican's license, and the information having been supported by evidence fined £», io default of payment seven dayHupSnment. Several cases of the eatu® gd have reason to believe, come befora £ Po^e Court at its next sitting, • AMATEUH EKTKETAINMENT.-0 wing to the VMY iuclmeut weather the entertainment announwd SSSTuesday ^ening, attheExchange^^ My Rooms, In aid of a gentleman affllc^ blindness, 'M not take place. It wil1, bjwjj be held on next Tuesday evening, flt the same iilacc, when we trust to sec ft large attendance. K George Day, M.P., has kiudly consented to preside. TUB WEATHER.—Winter is truly lingering in the lap of May-or its Australian equivalent, September. Lid week real spring weather was enjoyed, aud so fierce were the rays or the etui in tlic middle of the day that winter garments were felt to be cumbrous and uncomfortable, Since Monday a great change has taken place;, tor the last few days the weather has been colder than at any time during the winter, and a check has been given to vegetation which was making rapid growth. THE RAILWAY FAREB AND THE EXHIBITION,— A good deal of dissatisfaction is expressed on the bonier, on account of the Government having offered no special facilities for persons travelling bv the Victorian railways to witness the opening of the Melbourne Intercolonial Exhibition. It was generally expected that holiday excursion fares would have been adopted for a week or two iu order to give the residents of the country districts an opportunity of inspecting the specimens of the natural wealth and manufacturing industry of the colonies and other countries, that were formally opened to the public gaze ou Thursday, by his Excellency Sir William Stawell ; such expectations, however, have been doomed to disappointment. Excepting that, at a meeting of the Exhibition Commissioners, held in the beginning of the week, a letter was read from the Secretary of Railways, stating that during the exhibition traius would run on the Friday at Saturday excursion rates, the return tickets to be available till the following Monday, no sign has been made by the new Commissioner of Bailways that he has thought it necessary to consider the interests of the country residents. So far as the border is concerned, the privilege of travelling for a fare and a half from Friday ttl till Monday would be no privilege whatever to intendingexhibitiou visitors. Owing to the distance of Wodonga from Melbourne two days would be lost iu travelling to and fro, so that only one day would be available for viewing the exhibition, barely sufficient time to allow one to cast a cursory glance at the more prominent exhibits. Mr. Woods, if he felt inclined, might easily hit upoa some scheme that would give the residents of the country districts an opportunity of inspecting the exhibition at a moderate rate, and at the same time benefit rather than injure the railway returns. COACH ACCIDENT.—A serious accident occurred to the coach while travelling from Bcechworth to Yackandandah, on Tuesday. When within about a mile and a half from the latter town, the horses shied at some palings which had beeu laid down by the side of the road, aud in spite of all lie exertions of the driver bolted across a drain and down an embankment. The coach was overturned and considerably damaged, and the driver also sustained some rather severe injuries, the horses escaping almost unhurt. On the same day the coach from Wodonga to Kiewa came to grief at the apology for a bridge across the Yackandandah Creek at Baranduda. SHEEP SHEARING MATCH,—A correspondent informs us that a contest in sheep shearing took place last week at Vanko station, two men employed in the shed having backed their capabilities to the extent of £-2 10B. each, the one who shore three sheep in least time, which in any case was not to exceed seven minutes, to take the money. One of the competitors was a Tasmanian, named Henry Rossiter, and the other a Victorian, named Robert Foster. First sheep, Foster was victorious ; second sheep, both were equal: third sheep, Rossiter beat Foster by three seconds. Each of the men drew his stakes, ALIENS NATURALISATION ACT.—By the terms of the new Aliens Naturalisation Act, any alien who.hu.resided not less than five years in New bouth Wales, and who intends to reside therein may amily to the Governor for a certificate of i^T/f 0 " 1 thie the Governor if he think fit to grant such certificate shall direct the applicant to take the oath of allegiance beforea Judge of the Supreme or of a District Court o? before some Police Magistrate or Justice of'the llfifTilD nnJ 1. _ 1 • .? E S U t who have beeu naturalised iu Great BriLS ^ BUttU 11 wUcii cnjJd has resided in ° T time while under sixteen 1 f V j* na^ed. The AeSXvfdeTif,,^ aliens not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ } dispose of real or uersnnnl , i y hold and they shall not £ } SifiS 1 f ° pei4y hat that ' entitled toanvParWE, & 1 ' W office, franchise in ^ew"SouTh"S' Mui^^orotJ "sr can be the ownel- oU B B ? ^ «!ieu cornea into force ou 1st j S a ^ f e ^ ^ ^ , THE NEW MINING BILI*.—The following is a brief abstract of the new Mining Bill, laid on tL? table of the House shortly before the prorogation. The new measure contains ICS clauses, and is divided into three parte—the first treating of management and regulations, the second dealing with the administration of justice, and the third Betting forth the various penalties imposed by the new law. It is proposed that appeals from the Warden's Court shall be carried to the Court of Klines, instead of, as at present, to the District Court; the Court of Mines to be presided over by a judge specially appointed for the purpose, and tohave original as well as appellate jurisdiction. The powers of the Mining Board are to be increased and better defined, and these bodies will be authorised to euforce the forfeiture of claims* The power of Wardens to enforce compliance with their decisions is also clearly set forth. The provisions with regard to injunctions are simplified, Under the present law there are two kinds of inunctions, by the new Bill there will be only one description. Power is reserved to the Warden toauthorise a mining surveyor, or an experienced miner to descend a waft for the purpose of ascertaining whether an encroachment has been made. By a clause in the first part of the Bill, mineral licenses entitle the holder to search for mineral lands, and test the same at a nominal cost, and there is also a provision permitting the holder to work small areas containing stream tin under the said licenses. An arrangement is made for working reserved lands under special leases, and themethod of obtaining permission to mine under streets of mining townships is simplified. In the new Bill, instead of having the various kinds of mining leases dealt with in different parts ot the measure, the whole are brought together and disposed of in one division. A new mode of registering the transfer oi leases, or interests in leases, is laid down for the guidance of local offices, with a view to prevent the confusion which frequently arose ttuder the old system, and with, a similar object there is to be a uniformity in the licenses issued. Miners' rights and licenses will be autedated without fine. The liabilities of registered claimholders and miners generally are lessened ; such persons being in future.only responsible for a share of the debts proportionate to their interest in the claim. COURT OP PETTY SESSIONS AT TA.LLANGA.TTA. —Since the spread of settlement in the Mitta Mittaand Upper Murray districts, great inconvenience has been experienced owing to the want of adequate provision for the administration of justice, and from time to time the attention of the Government has been directed to the necessity for the establishment oi courts of petty sessions at central points, such as Tallangatta and Tintaldra, in order that suitors might be spared the expense—amounting practically to a denial of justice—of having to travel to Wodonga or Yackandandah, Promises had again and again been made that the requirements of the border population would in due course be attended to, but not the slightest disposition was shown to carry out these promises ; the residents having become heart-sick by reason of hope deferred had latterly ceased to interest themselves in the matter, and as they could not have justice brought to their doors, submitted with the best grace they could to journeys of fifty, sixty, and upwards of a hundred miles in search of justice, when the aid of the law could not be dispensed with. The change of Government that has recently taken place, however, encouraged the idea that if another appeal were made, greater success might be achieved; accordingly the inadequate provision made for the administration of justice in the Mitta Mitta and Upper Murray districts was brought under the notice of Mr. Grant, and with so good results that he has caused Tallangatta to be gazetted as a place where petty sessions may be held. To the policy of the new Ministry—so iar as they (an be Baid to have a policy—we are strongly opposed, but at the same time we must say that if they show equal attention to the requirements of other parts of the colony, they will gaiu for themselves a reputation which will stand them in good stead should an appeal to the country be made during their occupancy of office. HIGHWAY ROBBER?.—A case of highway robbery under arms is reported to have occurred in the outskirts of Albury, about a mile and a half from the post office, on Sunday evening. Shortly after eight o'clock on the evening in question, as Master Daniel Day, son of Mr. James Day, J.P., of Thurgoona, was riding to his father's residence, when near Gehrig's farm, on the main Sydney road, he was stopped by a man who presented a pistol, and ordered him to deliver up his money and valuables. Master Day, a lad of 16 years of age, handed the footpad a silver watch and handkerchief, and was allowed to proceed on his journey, but after going a short distance in the 'direction of Thurgoona he turned back, rode into Albury, and gave information to the police. Subsequently the watch, a pipe, and handkerchief were found on the road, not far from Mr. Philippi's vineyard, about half a mile nearer the post office than where the robbery was committed. Owing to the darkness of the night, Master Day could not obtain such a view of the footpad's features as would enable him to swear to his identity, and as the stolen property has been recovered, there is little chance ot punishment being meted out to the guilty person. F., ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE IN THE UPPER MURRAY DISTRICT.—Considering the disposition that has been evinced by the new Government to attend to the requirements of the outlying districts—shown by their prompt compliance with the request for the establishment of a court of petty sessions at Talkugatta—the settlers on the head waters of the Murray would do well to prefer their claims for police protection, and for better facilities for the administration of justice. Regard being had to the extent of the riopulation in the Upper Murray district, and to the fact that at the township of Tintaldfca an officer is stationed for the protection of the revenue and for the regis- tration of stock, no " pressure" ought to be necessary to induce the Government to cause a police station and a court of petty sessions to be established at Tintaldra. At present, for the most trifling cases, the settlers in the Upper Mutray district have to travel to Wodonga, a distance of ISO miles to and fro, and the congruence is that expenses are so heaped up that justice is practically denied, as only persons having means at command can appeal to the law courts. The settlers on the head waters of the Murray are an orderly and law-abiding people, but during shearing and at other seasons there is a floating population, some of the members of which arc inclined to pay little regard to the rights of person or property, and occasionally indulge in saturnalia that cause annoyance and inconvenience to the peace-loving settlers. The fact of a mountedconstable being stationed in the district would prevent the commission of many trifling offences. There is no doubt that persons are emboldened to break the law by the knowledge that there is no constable nearer thau Tallangatta, a distance of at least thirty miles, and many scandalous scenes enacted, more especially on Sundays during shearing, would be put a stop to if it was known there was a police station within reasonable distance. TALLANGATTA COURT.—Mr. T. J. Murray has been appointed to be acting clerk of petty sessions at Tallangatta. WOOL RATES.—It is officially notified that the charge for the conveyance of wool on the Northeastern railway, from Wodonga to Melbourne, will be at the rate of 10s. for each bale of 4cwt.; from Wodonga to Williamstown, 10s. 6d. per bale. An allowance of Is. per bale will be made on dumped wool, while all bales weighing over 4cwt. will be charged at rate and a half, or 15s. per bale. TOWONG SHIRE.—For the representation of the Mitta Mitta riding at the Towong Shire Council, Mr. D. Lynch was the only candidate nominated at the extraordinary election held last week, and in consequence has been declared duly elected. SALE OP CROWN LANDS.—A sale of Crown lands by public auction it is notified will be held at Chiltern, on Tuesday, 21st September. The lands to be offered comprise town lots at Chiltern and Barnawartha; suburban lots in the palish of Carlyle, and special lots in the parishes of Beivoir, Chiltern West, North Barnawartha and Lilliput. LAND LICENSES.—It is notified that the undermentioned applications for leases under section 33 of the Land Act have been approved :—Thos. Finn, 161a. Or. 13p., Bonegilla ; Reinhold Simon, 117a. Or. 13p.,Baranduda ; Reinhold Simon, 111a, la. 36p., Baraududa. TOBACCO.—Since the market assumed a more healthy tone, tobacco leaf is coining in freely to Wodonga from the outlying district During the week Mr, W. A. Torrance received about ten tons from Middle Creek, and has other con- signments to arrive, he having purchased the greater portion of the crop in that locality. HORSE BREEDING.—A fine specimen of the thoroughbred entire, Subadah, by Sarawak, dam Victoria, by Delapre, a bay with white feet, magnificent "head and neck, and massive hindquarters—the stamp of horse with suitable mares to raise stock for the Indian market—arrived in Wodonge, per train, on Monday, en route to Messrs. Findlay's station, at Bethanga. Subadah, a recent purchase by Messrs. Findlay, was bred by Mr. Seymour, near Penola, on the South Australian border. With the number of excellent sires, thoroughbred and draught, that are to be found within the border districts of New South Wales and Victoria, in a few 'years time there would be no lack of good horses, were a little more care to be taken in securing a better class of mares to breed from. Horse breeding does not receive that attention from farmers to which it is entitled, on occouut of its paying capabilities ; with two or three good mares they might add to their income to a greater extent than by many acres of cultivation, and with less trouble and risk. CROWN LANDS BAILIFFS.—It is notified that the undermentioned members if the police force have been appointed Crown lands bailiffs for the colony :—Anthony Alexander, Joseph Toal, and Henry Kirwan. THE BARNAWARTHA COMMON.—A case of trespass, in which the herdsman of the Barna- Common appeared as plaintiff and Mr. E. Fallon as defendant, was heard by Mr. Hobnes, Police Magistrate, at the Chiltern'Police Court, last week. The facts of the case, as brought out in evidence, showed that defendant's sheep to the number of 1200 had been found grazing within the boundaries of the common as proclaimed, and that in consequence a claim for 25s. trespass fees had been maue by the herdsman, which defendant refused to pay, alleguig that he was in occupation of the ground on which the sheep bad been depasturing, having had it recommended to him by a local land board, and also been officially notified that his application for a license under the Land Act had been approved of. A copy of the Government Gazette, of the 1st August, was put in, which showed that defendant's application lor a license for the land had been approved of; the trespass was alleged to have taken place on the 3rd of that month, two days subsequent to the appearance of the notice in the Gazette. The Bench held that, under the circumstances, there was no trespass, as the official notice proved that the land was no longer a portion of the common; with reference to defendant's occupation of the land, the Police Magistrate said it had been decided by the Supreme Court that there could only be legal occupancy of tbe land by possession of the license, and tbat document not having been forwarded to defendant, he had no exclusive right to the land. The case was dismissed, no costs being allowed. VALUELESS CHEQUES.—An individual giving the name of H. T. Whitty, and who represented himself to be Mr. H. T. Whitty, of Tarramiah; station, near Corowa, has recently been victi-1 arising publicans and other tradesmen at Chiltern by giving valueless cheques in return for board, lodging, refreshments, and also for the purchase of scrip. Suspicion having been excited that he was not what he represented himself to be, information was given to the police, who wrested him, when he contessed that although his name was Whitty he was no relation of, nor did he even know, Mr. H, T. Whitlv, of Tarramiah, farther adding that he bad behaved like a fool, and would have to suffer for his folly, Whitty—if that be his name—was brought before the Chiltern Police Court, last week, when charges were preferred against hiin of having passed valueless cheques to Mr. H. W. Peel, T. Ryan, James O'Brien, and T. Peei. Mr. J. Walker Jones, manager of the Albury branch of the Bank of New South Wales, proved that the prisoner had never had an account at that bank, on which the cheques had beeu drawn. The prisoner was committed to the General Sessions, to be holden at Beech worth, to take his trial on all the charges preferred. 