" FLEUR-DE-LIS." — A DOCTOR'S STORY. (Australian Journal.) " Life's but a battlefield at most, Whore T?ortrue is both -won and lost." I had just flnisbed my third allow ance of 'Hennessy's best' brandy, at tlio bar of tVo Council Club Hotol in North Square, when a tall, and some what elegantly dressed individual en tered, and, with an air of familiarity, accosted me by name, and kindly re quested me to partake of1 a treat' at his expense. He was an utter stranger to me, and for a moment I felt' suspi cious, not at all favourable to his character, when bo sharply remarked, with a slight sneer : ' You seem to have forgotten me, Dr. Molloy; and perhaps not without reason, for many years liavo elapsed since wo met, and then our meeting was accidental ; but, perhaps, you will remember a stripling whose life you saved at the Billabong, somo fourteen years ago, whom you nicknamed Fleur-de-lis' ' Stop !' I exclaimcd, suddenly, as I gazed with unfeigned astonishment at tbo hand some features and well , developed figure of the speaker. 'Ido remember you now j you were but a lad then, and, when stockriding for Gordon Mel ville, yon were attacked by a party of blacks and speared.' 'Yes, they put a jackspear through my arm, but a shot or two from your revolver put them to flight,' bo said, with a grateful look. 'Ah! I remember! Your arm was fearfully gaBhed with the spear, and, on extracting it from the wound, I found a fleur-de-lis mark tattooed upon your arm a little above the wound.' 'Hush, not a word more, if you please. Mr. McLaughlin (this to the landlord), two brandies for this gen tleman and mysolf.' 'You see,' he said, in an undertone,'I don't wish everyone to know about this fleur-de-lis mark upon my person, for it was done under circumstauces which, were I to givo you the details in fnll, it would bo a narrative of itself.' ' Then, by all means lot me bear tlio story, and wo will proceed to an adjoining room in the meantime,' said I, as wo loft tbe bar. Whon wo bad partaken of tbo brandies and ordered a fresh quota foi 0 future occasion, my incognito friend began his story, which ran as fol lows :—Fifteen years ago, I was a boundary ridor at Hugh Rowo's station, near tho Billabong, and I was supposed to be tho only son of an old nurso who lived at tha homestead, and acted in such capacity for tho Rowe progeny. She was an astute cunning old hag, named Mahor, a low-sized grey-haired creature, with the most circumspective pair ot little grey eyes, that actually gleamed from beneath her shaggy brows, while n perpetual sardonic grin was ever traceable on her thin bloodless lips. Sho was a superstitious old thing also, and possessed a glib oloquetico in tbo narration of old stories about ghosts and gipsies and such liko that was actually marvellous. And yet sho was my mothor ! So I was led to believe, and nobody over gainsaid it, yet I bated her in my soul, and conscien tiously believed that I was no child of hers, but was of higher parentage ; but this I nover mentioned to anyone. 1 found out soon that tho old hag dis liked mo iu turn ; and often cursed me ill tier wrath, when, after returning from lior avocation as nurse to the room wherein wo slopt, sbo often found me crying bitterly, or in some sullen temper. Many n severe thrashing she gave me, that is while she was able ; but when I grew up to be a lad, I withstood her anger and disregarded her threats. In short, liko many an urchin badly brought up in youth, I disrespected my revered progenitrix, and one fine morning in a sullen mood I menially pitched her to tho Infovno, and prepared to seek my fortune in the world. I was, as I have said, badly reared, and, without learning, man ners, monoy, or even common decency, I ventured on tho world's stage to niako a living. She remonstrated, coaxed, soothed, and threatened me, to remain at the homestead, but, in vain, I was determined to forsake her, because I hated bor and believed that she was no parent of mino. Seeing that remonstraco was useless, tho old sinner threw herself upon her bonded knees and cursed me ad libitum. She was a linguist in lior way ; that is, she knew aud could speak fluoutly tho pro vincial dialects of tho four provinces of Iveland, which, as well as Gaelic and somo illegitimate English, sho gavo mo the benefit of on this occasion. Like a doomod criminal in tho dock, I hearkened to her curses and prayer for my misforttmo in tho futuro, and was just preparing to rush from hor presence when sho uttered tbis final malediction—' May ye never die till yer bod}' ia shrivelled to a skeleton, you hang-Hog looking1 villain. Arid may your life bo perpetual agony, find the savages of the woods drink every drop of your French blood, you frog.eating Hon of a thief. I started at the words. 1 French blood !' I ex claimed menially. 1 Ab ! I thought I was no son of horsj' and so without further delay I bur6t from the room and scampered across the wild waste of forest beforo me. I think I travolled about ton miles, but I found occupntion as a stockman at Gordon Melville's station, whore I had been living for about five months when I was attacked by the blacks and nobly saved by you. After your treatment of my wound I loft, and never stopped until I reached Melbourne. I had purchased a good horse at the station, but, upon my ar rival in Melbourne, I no longer re quired him, and determined to sell him as soon as my wound was healed. When this was accomplished I took the horse to Kirk's Buzaar—a great horso mart in those days—and put him up for salo. Ho was knocked down to a dairy-keopor for a considerable sum; and after I had received my cbequo for the same, I prepared to depart for my lodgings, when in my bustle to get away I was knocked down by a follow who was cantering a horse into the mart, and somewhat stunned. To add to my chagrin, the follow gave no apology for so doing, but the contrary, and eventually I ' peelod off' to fight him then and thoro; Tou know what sensation a fight creates, in Melbourne especially, and many and vociferous wero tho exclamations that reached our oars as we 'rolled into each other' at every successive round. I found out that the fellow was a tough customer, and could use his hands dexterously, and after the oleventb round I begnn to consider whether 1 ought to giro in or make a final essay, when I was startled by the touch of a hand upon ray naked shoulder, and turning, I be hold an elderly gentleman of an aris tocratic appearance behind me, who rebukingly said, 'How disgraceful to fight in a public place. Desist, and come with tuo. I wish to speak to you.' Discretion is better than valour sometimes, and I took the old gentle man's advico, and ns my opponent seemed in no mood to continue the proceedings, we parted as abruptly as we met, oach with damaged counten ances and covered with blood. An hour later I was enjoying a iele-a-1eie conver sation with the old gentleman, which resulted in the following. Ho noticed the fleur-de-lis mark upon my arm during my encounter with my antago nist, and remarking my apparent like ness in every feature to his own, he concluded therefrom that I was his son, who had been lost when only two years old—having disappeared one day quite suddenly from his home in Collins street, and all search having proved fruitless. No one knew what became of ine. I was as one swallowed up by the earth. Yet there was a fleur-de-lis mark upon my arm, which was tattooed thereon by my sire, by which ho hoped to recognise me* should I ever turn up in after years. It was a family mark, which had boon banded down from generation to generation of the Do Montiberls; every member of tho family bore this mark upon the left arm. There was a tradition in our family— which, by tho way, is French—that Louis the Twelfth of France tattooed the first fleur-de-lis mark upon a Count do Montibert, one of my ancestors, and said that by such should onch genuine Do Montibert be known in after times. Tho Count had saved tho king's life upon a certain occasion, and was re warded with a title,- a large estate, and this hereditary mark. Now for tho conclusion of my story. Tho old hag, whoml justly doubted to be my mother, had been bribod by a first cousin of mine to steal mo from my parents and put mo out of sight-, in order that my sire might bestow his wealth—which was immense—upon ni3T relutive. Tho old woman Maber acted in tho capacity of nurse to my cousin's children, and soon found tirno and means to put mo out of reach, for mv relative feared to have her do mo any mortal injury, and so I was got rid of for a time. I re lated tlio story of my life to my sire ; and I Bought out for the old hag, in order to bring her to justice, but I found out that she had died. My first cousin has since died, and confessed that ho was the instigator of my being kidnapped, but was unable to say how the old woman got me off so success fully. I am now in possession of a vast sum of money, and am endeavor iug to gain some little knowledge of the world from bookB; for I confess I was totally unable to read until a few months ago. 'This is another Tich borne case,' I exclaimed, smiling. ' You perceive, Dr. Molloy,' lio con tinued, 'my wliole life was a blank until recently; and now—that is, when I am able to read and write English grammatically—I will be happy.' And he hauded me an elaborately printed wedding card as ho spoke. ' You will please accept this invitation, together with my thanks for past services—and if you ever think of anything in the matrimonial lino yourself,' bo said ' I am already engaged,' I replied, with a smile. ' To an heiress, I trust 1' 'No. I am engaged to a widow with five children, ranging from seven to one year old. I proposed about ten months ago—that is a week after her husband's death ; and, what do you imagine ? I was forestalled by an auctioneer, who had actually proposed to the woman in the mourning car riage, on their return from tho ceme tery, and he, in liiB turn, lmd been forestalled by a bank clorlr. The auctioneer, who must have been a hardonad scoundrel, after beatiug tho ground, for a chance of success, at last ventured to propose boldly to tho dis consolate widow who sat beside him ; but imagine his foelingB when she somewhat curtly though modestly replied, " I am already engaged, sir.' 'By heaven ! it must have been done in tho cemetery,' exclaimed the auc tioneer, as he burst from tho mourn ing coach and left her. My proposal (which was a decent affair) gave her a week to consider the matter ; and she has accepted mo—having had a fow objections to tho bank clerk, one of which was that lio was a drunkard.' 'You must not cousidor my affair a joke, as I consider yours,' said Mon sieur Do Montibert, laughingly ; 'and when you come to my houso in Mel bourne, I venture to assert that you will have no reason to regret tho lionr you first met with tho young stockman Ij'leur-do-lis (my namo was Nod Maher at that time). So now I will bid you adieu !' And wo ported. A year elapsed ero I saw Monsieur Do Montibert, or, as I hnrt more fre quently designated him, Fleur-de-lis.' I could not put in appearance nt liis woddir.g; and, indeod, I quito forgot all about him. Ono evening, as I was reading in my studio, my servant an nounced a visitor, who, upon having been shown into tbo waiting-room— for patients, of course—announced a wish to see mo. I proceeded into my snrgery-room, and tbo visitor was ushered into my presence. A tall and oxcoediugiy pretty woman of some five and twenty years, dressed superbly, and actually glittering witli jowollod ornaments, almost itnrnediatoly con fronted mo. After a brief dialogue, I discovered that my lady visitor was suffering from an affection of the thorax, which, without being bron chitis, was verging towards it, and that it would require all my profes sional acumen to accomplish n cure. ' Perhaps I had bettor leavo my ud dress, said my patient, with a slight supercilious 'smilo on her full, red lip. 'You are, I understand, a par ticular friend of my Into husband, Monsieur Do Montibert ?' and sho looked mo full in the face as sho said this, ' Good heavens !' I exclaimed, 'Is Monsieur Do Montibert dond ? ' ' Yes,' sho replied, coolly ' Ho died about a month ago, of an affection of tbo liver and kidueys. I heard him ofton speak of you, and so wished to consult you for my presont ailment;' and bowing courteously, she left tho room. I turned to look after her as sho passed out, and I confess that a slight sensation, half of disgust and disappointment, possessed mo. 'And poor Montibert is dead,' I muttered, soliloquising, and as I saw this, my eye was attracted to tho table, whereon an elaborately printed card met my view. I took it, and read the ad. dress, ' Madame Do Montibert, 144, Bank Plnco, L street, Melbourne. The past and future explained, upon reasonable terms.' 'My God!' 'and Madame is nn astrologist!' And throwing myself into an arm-chair, I mused sadly until bedtime. Two days afterwards I received a note requesting1 me to call upon Madame De Monti bert, and expressing1 disappointment at my absence on the previous day, as it was her opinion that the mere fuct of her leaving her card convoyed a sufficient bint that 1 was to visit ber upon that occasion. 1 hastened to comply with her request, from .two motives—I was curious to know more about the wife of my dearest friend, and I wished to have her experiment astrologicully upon me. A fow minutes in a hansom, and I was at the door of a two.storey brick edifice, the window sills of which were ornamented with flower-pots, containing some delicate (and to me unknown) shrubs. After knocking for the space of three minutes, my summons was answered by a ruddy- faced individual, of diminutive proportions, with a very sinister expression of countenance, who ushered ine into madame's pre sence. 'Dr.Molloy, I presume?'she said, courteously, and with an attempt at cordiality that was totally ineffec tive. 'Such lam known as,Madame,' I replied. ' I feel much better since I took the medicine you prescribed for me,' she said, ' and I wish to have your advice on the present occasion, as I am about to leave Melbourne for some time.' 'Indeed!' was 'my curt reply. 'Yes !' she continued, with an occasional stare at mc, that I under stood to bo a hint that she noticed my surprise, and it may be, disgust at her manner. ' Monsieur de Montibert bequeathed mo his wealth, which was some £5000, and I intend to return to France in a short time. You were expected at our wedding, but you dis appointed us; and my late husband bad been so much absent from homo, until a month or so previous to bis demise, that be had no opportunity of calling upon you. If you undertake to cure me in a week, I will pivo yon 2&1U; it not, ± muse go, wuotuer or not!' 'I can't undertake to do so, rnadamo,' I replied. • ' However) I will try,' and so saying I prescribed for her, and was about to depart when alio bogged of me to remain. 1 By-tlio-byo, you are a roan of great ability, doctor; and perhaps a bright future lies before. Would you wish to consult me about that future, sir ? ' I looked full in lior face, anda smile of incredulity was on my lip, which she remarked by frown ing—and my intentions of having her to experiment astrologically upon me changed instantly. I bad forgotten such intentions until reminded by ber, and now I guessed that she wished to have my fee, or part of it, refunded to her by this means, and was therefore determined not to bo ' guile 1' by her, and so declined. ' Well, then, I must say adieu, doctor. Although, perhaps, it wore better after all not to know the future, when the future may be fraught with evil. Tet 1 would advise you to nover marry that very young lady with the brown hair and blue eyes, which you love to madness at present. You see, I can divine this much ! ' slie said, seeing that I looked somewhat surprised at this piece of intelligence, which I may say was true. ' And' continued she, ' Letty is worthy of nobler lovo than yours, and the Pates decree that it will bo fraught with evil to yoo if you marry her.' I turned abruptly away and left her. though I confess that I began to have faith in the occult scientific powers of ' Madame' ere I reachod homo. I visited her for a week, sometimes twice a day, and she progressed so well under my treatment, that I pronounced her lit to take her homo trip with safety to her health. She never men tioned aught concerning my future upon any of those occasions, and the moro- I gazed upon her tho moro I began to misdoubt her astrological powers—she seemed so youthful and innocent of even tho doings of our own world. I confess to tho truth of her expression—that • I loved a very young lady, with dark brown hair and blue eyes, almost to madness.' Her name was Letitia Cnstelli, and sho might be about sixteen years of ago. She was my ideal of a woman in overy requisite charm of mind and body. But where Madame learned this item of intelli gence I am at a loss to understand, for I am doubtful if it was chronicled in tho stars, and no ono upon earth know aught of it, save myself—even Lotty herself was ignorant of it, for I— ' Let ronceulineiit, like a worm i* the bud, Feed on my whiskered cheek.' I thought over tho just ono remark that I madousoof with regard to being 'on. gagod,' upon tho last occasion tbatlsaw Do Moalibert. I thought too of tho strange vicissitudes with which his lifo was fraught ; liis being stolon from his parents by the old bag Waller, in liis youth; his narrow escape from being killed by savages, and tlio cir cumstances which led to his restora tion to his parents; and moralising over thofo things, the liuos of tbo poet camo to iny mind— " Art is long, and Time is fleeting, And our licarls though stout and bravo Still like mufilecl drums nro heating Funeral marelies to the "grave." This was in my study room. A day lator, and a young friend of mine named Connell, a bosom crony, as Burns bath it, was on his way to the Botanical Gardens for a pleasure walk, and I accompanied him. Wo bad passed over Prince's Bridge, and were strolling along tho road, when J. mot iny friend Madame and an avistocrntic looking individual coming directly to wards us. As sbo approached, I' no ticed that sbo whispered to the un known gentleman, and directly after wards bo fixed a steadfast gazo upon mo until wo mot. 'Doctor Molloy— Baron Schlogol,' said Madame, as a sort of brief introduction, ero I intro duced iny friond Mr. Connell, 'I would wish to see yon, doctor, ero I Ioavo Melbourne,' Madame said, with a courteous' smile. 'My child, sir, is very ill. Would you call this evening ?' I acquiosccd, and we parted. I called at 7, and found Madame alono. Tho baron had ' skedaddled' to, his gambling haunts. As I afterwards learned, his nobility was a sham- Tho self-conforrod title of ' baron ' having been assumed, in order to impose his society upon the more respectable parties with whom bo contracted an acquaintanceship. I have also learned that the ' baron ' fleeced some of those acquaintances of their superfluous cash, by gambling ; but as an on dit report is only a license for slander, I do not wish to havo tbo reader credit it, unless it bo to oblige mo. Suffice it to say, I found ' Madame' alone, and expecting tno. Until that day I never knew that sbo had a child to require my medical advice, and waa somewhat taken by surprise wlien she produced a pretty youngster—a genuine Do Moutiborfc— and holding' up his left arm, asked mo to take out the tattooed ' flour-do.lis' thereon. I examined it carefully, as she said it was done by the child's father, a few days previous to his death. I remembered all that tho deceased De Montibert had told me at Council Club over our liquor, and I declined most decisively to comply with her request. Never shall I forgot tho rage she flew into at that instant. Hor imprecations and maledictions wore most horrible, ns, with glaring eyes, and features distorted by passion, she ordered me from her house. I bowed courteously and withdrew. And now I will conclude my sketch with tho following paragraph, taken from an English newspaper, relative to tho after lifo of Madame Do Montibert :— 'AFrench lady,known as Mademoiselle Le Guyat, but who has been recognised as Madame De Montibert, wife of a Melbourno merchant, has been mur dered in Soho-square, Ijondon, by a Gorman baron, with whom she has been cohabiting. Her son, a child of four years, was also murdered, and upon his arm a fleur-d-lis had beon tattooed, which has been partly effaced. Tho murilorer has escaped.' Tho last of tho Montiberts murdered by his mother's paramour ! Yes, tho last; for not one of the old family existed before, save the son of my friend. This was Do Montibert's choice of a partner through lifo ! How I recall his convivial manner on tho Inst occa sion that we mot! One of the aristo orotic blood of Franco coupling1 himself to a sorceress, whoso beauty was lior solo recommendation to favour. Boauty which consists of well-formed features and a charming complexion is certainly worth little, if virtue and beauty of mind do not mako up the picture. Eolativo to Letty, I may say that I am as yet uuraarried, and in all likelihood shall probably bo longer so; but this is cntre nous, for I would not have my lady acquaintances aware of tho fact that I am going to dib a bachelor, as two-thirds of my patients are the moBt beautiful of women, all of a marriage ablo ago, and it is astonishing to see how these halo beauties bestow tboir patronage upon mo. They love wealth, I am certain ; and onoof them politely hinted to mo a few days ago ' that there was no profession under heaven so lucrative as that of a doctor, barring highway robbery in a gold country, and (sho continued) the State and sooioty in general legalise the former mode of emptying purses and ruining constitutions, whereas tho latter meets with tho full rigour of tho law.' I am not vain enough to think that they love me as a man. No, it is the cash I possess that ' weighs in the balance.' 