I'll IS DESTITUTION OF GERMAN .IMMIGRANTS. (From the Ayr. correspondent.) Hoimllii, 'J8th November. Inspoctor A. U. Smith, accompanied by an interpreter, loft Bonalla on Friday eve,,, ing, arriving at Dovenish at eleven o'clock p.ill. 'L'lio camp consists of four hark hutx nsod as dwellings, and two hark sheds used foi' oookinjt anil other purposes. There are throe families living in tho Cocked lint Camp, in all Ion people, three ht;iiij» males and seven female*. There are two very 0],| men, 0110 a carpenter aged (in, and a saddler about tho same age; the saddlur was away at tho Donkio lionr-mids, tryi"" to obtain three bags of llonr on credit! Tho physical condition of the people hero appeared to ho as good as that of tho ordinary peasant. Amongst other 'Ulestiuns tho old man (tho carpenter) was asked who induced them to come to this country, am| lii.i joply wa» that (Joil had called them and tlioy w.1'1'0 hound to oome. The lints were then inspv'^oil, and everything appeared cloiiti ftiul well cmuitiuneil. 1. Iii.tu wjis plenty of furiili:11'" 11,1,1 nil brought from homo, Inspi^0-'"1' asked tliciu what prospouts they' '1IU' Il>1' "10 future. Thoy replied that they uotween the two camps 800 acres of land ,.'l;lectcd, and had this year 00 acres of wheat e|'"l>, and if j thoy could nib along till tho i."lrvost was gathorod, thoy could got mi for tht r("uaiu ilur of the your. H wa:; explained th,.'1'be two camps wore oil tho communist icarraiik,'"' moat. Inspector Smith promised tlium relief, and a smile of gladness was observ able upon all around. Tho inspector then procQudutl to Mr. Carl liorudt's farm, throo miles distant. Tliia is tho Air, " Churlos Bums" referred to in t|u, lottor to tliu Gorman consul. Herm.lt spoke of tho many acts of kindness ho bad (i"M" for the people of tho other camp, where tlio great distress existed, and that they would not bo guided by him; so he had now tlioni up, tm tliuy wcro completely guided |,y a woman wliom thoy believed to be inspired by tho Holy Ghost. One of tlio community, a married man, live* at Mr ami works as a blacksmith. Mr I'.erndt iraa in terrogated about tho horses and dray his nrau had bought from tho people at, iliu Cocked Mat Camp, and ho replied that tlm dray was (lot worth £5, and that he li;ul bought it of his man. Tho dray was shown, and Mr. Ooghill valued it at about £'12 ut tho lowest estimate. Tht; horses were nut produced. Tho party then starlet! for tlm camp, which consisted of 10 bark lulls, and contains about 40 people, mostly women and children. Tho lirst thing that aUraoteul tho attention of tlio party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and. mi. inquiry thoy were informed that 5* was a colliu ready to roceivo tho body of a boy about twelve yettts of ago, who was tying in a dying stato in tin adjoining hut. In spector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, and on its bolfig pointed out tho party onterod without iwf mu-nmony, and an appalling sight met their v;u'-v._ Lying on a kind of bed, within four ftii of a blazing liro, lay tho omaciated form of what appeared to havo boon a line intelligent boy of .ibout I'l years of ago. At a table in the 3:uno hut, facing tho door, sat a man and woman both engaged sowing a piece of print. Tho man looked as if ho h;id recently recovered from sickness. The f<:i>;aie. was about 25 years old, four feet six incites !;igh, with a most repulsive face, having big'tL chcok bonos, a pug nose, rough black hair and sunkou oyes. Sho took no notice of tins intrusion. Thoy uncovered tho boy, and a. most distressing spectaclo met them. His legs, feet and body were swollen to mon strous proportions, and the skin was in a noglected stato as to cleanliness. The proud ilesh from tho uppor gums extended over tho tooth, and tho whole condition of the sufferer indicated scurvey. By this time a crowd had gathered round the hut, ami on inquiring what nourishment the hoy was getting, his mother replied that all thoy hud w.-i3 iloiu* and vegetables. The room in which tho sick boy lay contained, tho other body. Thoy then proceeded t» oxamino tho other huts. In tho adjoining hut lay an old man, about (17 years of age. His mouth was ill tlio same condition as tlie boy's, but tlio disease had not made quite such great progress. Tho wholo of the huts appeared as clean as thuy could be made. In spector Smith inquired how many had died since thoy arrived at the Hill Plain Camp, and ho was told oight adults and one child, tho latter still-born, inspector Smith de sired to bo introduced to the prophetess, ami tho woman previously described as one of tho persons in tho hut with tho dying hoy was brought forward as that personage. On boing interrogated by tho interpreter in roforenco to her inspiration, hIio fell into one of her customary trances. In these trances sho says tlio Holy (Jhosfc visits her, and instructs her how slvo is to govern the peoplo, who to all appearance religiously believe in her. Mr- Smith told the inter preter to lot her know that unless slie wore out of tho trance in less than two minutes lie would havo her removed to a lunatic asylum, from which placo sho would never get a way. This appeared to havo tho desired ellect, fur sho instantly recovered, but put on the simu lation of great prostration and excitement. A decrepit old man, about fifty yeais of age, camo up to tho interpreter and told him that ho would not allotv the woman to be inter fered with, as sho was in his charge. In spector Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and the old man replied that ho had adopted her when her father died. Mr. Smith and tlio interpreter took tho old man asido, and questioned him as to tho moral condition of tho camp, but nothing tending to immorality was elicited. Both soxos of tho young are scrupulously domiciled in separata huts. Tho prophetess was then told what Mr. Berndt had said about her guidance of the people, and sho replied that Mr. Berndt was joalous of her power with tho people, and ho wished to bo tho chief, and bccauao thoy would not have him he had said wicked tliiugs about her, and they could not like him. Mr. Smith then ad vbed her io give over lier trance business, and let til.! people go to work. Thoy denied having received any money from Charles Grube. The only money thoy'had received up to Saturday was £9 from the German Asso ciation in Adelaide. Half a toil of Hour, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit, and medical com forts, havo this morning boon despat,cUed to the camp, which is distant thirty miles from Bonalla. Benalla, 29th November. Dr. Nicholson was most enthusiastically received at the German colony yesterday, "ii his arriving at the Hill Plain camp about, five o'clock in the evening. The camp was in a great state of commotion, in conse quence of the arrival of provisions. Dr. Nicholson states that the b >y is almost m the last stage of scurvy. There is some probability of his recovery, and a certainty of tho spoedy recovery of the others atllicted. Tho doctor had not an interpreter with him, and ho consequently labored under some disadvantage. Great thanks were expressed for the relief forwarded. The prophetess, Maria Heller, was having one of her hysteri cal fits in tho same hut whore the sick boy lay- _ A man named Richard Watts lhivciisford was recently killed on the Litrobe IJiw by iL tree falling upon him. SCUTTLI.no .i.M.i.vuf W.vit.-A remarkable in stance of presence of mind on the part of the captain of a m m of war is related by the St. I'elersliiii'g papers. Tlie Kussia'j war frigate Olaf was lying at anchor among hundreds ol other ships in the Ivtrhour of Copentia:.'rn, when a tire was discovered in a coal-cellar be low, which was only a few feet from the puwlir magazine. There was no time to put out the lire before it could reach the magazine, and »" explosion of the large Mores of cartridges and gunpowder contained in it would probably hay destroyed, not only the Olaf and tlie surround ing ships, but part of Copenhagen itself. Cap tain Itehbinder, the commander of the Olaf, saw at once that the only thing to be done to prevent a catastrophe was to sink tlie After sending away the crew, with the ships papers, cash-boxes, and most valuable instru ments in boats, he ordered the carpenters and engineers to make a leak in the vessel, and halt an hour afterwards sho sank in not very deep water. Next day she was raised again, anil after some provisional repairs was taken to Cronstadt, where she is now lying in do;'k pen ding her complete restoiatioii for service, the damage done is stated to be comparatively tri lling, and the Court-Martial held on the idhcer> of the vessel unanimously expressed the highest, praise of the conduct of tlie captain and Ins subordinates. The Emperor has appointed hnn his aide-de-camp, which is one ot tho liignes honors conferred on Ku.ssian naval omeei=>, and the officers and men under him have re ceived gratuities from the Jjinperor s pvi^y purse. - Printed and published by JiACKAY and CO., proprietors, at their cSice, Market-square SiiadhuriiC. 