THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, MAY 17, 1875. VERY recently, Dr. YOUL, the City Coroner of Melbourne, caused considerable commotion among almost all classes of that community by a sweeping denunciation against imbibition of Colonial ale, on the ground of its poisonous effects upon the human system. Dr. Yow. possesses a by no means circumscribed reputa- tion as a coronial drover and an alarmist of the true sensational type', but in the particular instance referred to his observations caused such consternation as to evoke the interposition of the Government, in the form of analytical inquiry into the matter. Accordingly, on a certain fixed day, which was kept a profound State secret, a fell swoop was made by the police upon the publicans and brewers of the city and suburbs. Seven hundred and nine samples of beer were collected by the police, and 40 samples, on a large scale, were collected from the brewers, by the Excise department. Of these numerous samples, Mr. COSMO NEWBERRY operated upon 200 Mr SYIWTKY GIBBONS upon 211 ; Mr. BLACKETT upon 138 and Mr. JOHNSON upon 100, besides the 41 brewers' samples. It may be mentioned that these four gentlemen occupy leading positions in their profession as analytical chemists. The samples of beer taken direct from the brewers being considerable, allowed of a variety of methods of testing their quality, which could not be done with the very limited quantities obtained from the publicans. A consultation was accordingly held, and a general plan of examination was agreed upon by the analysts that plan was the one used by Mr. JOHNSON in searching for poisons in medical legal inquiries, being at modification of that mentioned and advised in standard works in medical jurisprudence, and known as STAAS'S process. The results of the various examinations conducted in Mr. JOHNSON'S laboratory went far to show that Dr. YOUL'S assertions were exaggerated, and in great measure groundless, Mr. JOHNSON states that his analyses showed that no deleterious substances had been wilfully added in any case. Only nine of the samples obtained from the brewers contained fuel oil of a very offensive description, in small proportions, but yet sufficient to impart a disagreeable odour and taste to the beer ; the remaining forty samples were either totally free or contained so little 83 to be only barely appreciable. Common salt had been added in some instances rather freely, tending to increase rather than allay the thirst. A great difference, according to Mr. JOHNSON, existed in the quality of the various samples, a few being remarkably fragrant with hops, " and in other respects clear, wholesome, beer ; whilst others were disagreeable, nauseous, and altogether uninviting." The examination of the publicans' samples caused a considerable reduction in the average of inferior kinds, a circumstance which led the analyst to conclude that the host and most skilful brewers are those principally patronised by the publicans, and through them by the general public. Mr. JOHNSON attributes the imperfections in most Colonial beer to three principal causes namely, large use of sugar instead of malt, deficiency in quantity or quality of hops, and high temperature of fermentation. Each of these causes has a direct tendency to impair the producing and keeping properties of beer, "and when all the conditions are united in the same sample, as it is to be feared is too often the case, a disastrous product is inevitable." Upon examining the statistics for the three years ending 1873, it was found that the total amount of hops imported or produced in Victoria averaged for each year 910,308 lb., and that the average amount of beer brewed during the same years was for each year 13,080,663 gallons. " If none of the hops were exported again, but all used in the beer manufactured, the proportion would amount to nearly 4lb. to each hogshead of beer. This appears to be a liberal proportion of the quality of the hops was unobjectionable. In conclusion, Mr. JOHNSON observes that he has noticed a vast improvement in the qualities of such beers as had come under his observation, when compared with a number of samples obtained by a Royal Commission in 1867, and examined at that time by him. No doubt the publication of these valuable analytical reports will set the public mind at rest on a question of paramount significance. In the United Kingdom, the vexed question of the adulteration of food and drugs is attract- ing considerable comment in the press so much so, indeed, that the Imperial Government have considered it incumbent to introduce a bill on the subject. Amongst the adulterated com- modities unhinging the general contentment of the English people, beer also occupies a prominent position, and it is contended that chemical analysis is not equal to the successful and complete detection of noxious ingredients in the national beverage. The presumption remains strong that beer is adulterated to an excessive and even dangerous degree, and this presumption appears all the more unaccountable when it is recollected that the alleged form of adulteration, namely-the disuse of hops and the substitution of innutritious articles has obtained its present magnitude since the abolition of the hop duties in the year 1862. One would be inclined to believe that the aboli- tion of these duties would have produced a totally opposite effect, and held out additional encouragement for the cultivation and use of the plant. But the alleged recent disuse of the hop in the manufacture of beer in England is endeavoured to be explained away in this manner : " The abolition of the hop duties took away from the Excise the right to interfere in the use of letters in the manufacture of beer ; the Excise can now direct its investigations into the manufacture, so far only as the use of malt is considered. It has no locus standi with respect to the bitter ingredients. The brewers, as it is averred, have in consequence availed themselves of the liberty thus afforded them to substitute for hops other articles which cost only one-tenth the price of the true aromatic bitter, such as quassia, cocculus indians, and other ingredients. The result is stated to be that the demand for hops has greatly fallen off, and the growers of that article are suffering from the want of a remunerative market for their produce ; whilst the humbler classes of the public, who are the great consumers of beer, are exposed to great deterioration of health, both in body and mind, from habitually imbibing a partially poisonous liquor." Placing these conclusions alongside the results of the Government analyst of Victoria and his assistants, it becomes quite obvious that analytical dictum, like doctor's opinions, vary to an unconscionable degree. The Adulteration of Food and Drugs Bill recently introduced by Mr. SCLATER- BOOTH, the member for North Hants, is based upon the report recently presented by the commissioners appointed to examine the working of the exist- ing law. The commissioners expressed an opinion that the provisions in force bore hardly upon certain traders, while they suggested other alterations with the view of more effectively preventing adulteration by fixing responsibility upon the proper parties. The spirit and objects of the new measure will be best understood by describing the old laws as proceeding generally on the principle of rendering unlawful the sale I of certain articles which purport, or are represented by the seller to be other than they really are. In making a general review of the new measure, the Newcastle Daily Chronicle remarks : " The new Bill adopts this principle as its foundationless it reclassifies or otherwise alters the old exceptions to the general prohibition of " the sale of articles of food and of drugs, not of the proper nature, substance, and quality." In the new schedule exemption is provided for all such necessary or harmless adulterations as may be used to make the article portable or palatable, or to preserve it, or to improve its appearance, or such as the known custom of the trade allows, or such as is covered by the specifications of any patent, or such as consists of dilution of alcohol from the ordinary strength, provided the persons diluting it are licensed and paying duties under the Excise. Another exemption protects the druggist who making up the prescription of a registered medical practitioner, and yet another appears to provide for unavoidable or at least unintentional admixtures. Absolute exemption is to be secured if at the time of sale due notice that the thing sold is a mixture be given by "label written or printed on or with the article "that is to say, of course, provided the admixture is not made with any deleterious article. The much-vexed question of an analyst's evidence is provided for by proposing to make a certificate sufficient, unless the defendant chooses to call the certifies as a witness. Another most serious question relates to the responsibility for bad tea, adulterated abroad. That every tea-dealer, or every town, should maintain an analyst for tea is not to be thought of ; but in the absence of some such arrangement it is almost impossible for grocers to keep clear of the law, seeing that they, and they alone, are held responsible for the iniquitous practices of the Chinese. Henceforth the teas are to be examined by a Government analyst on importation, and if found and are to be destroyed," Diverse opinions prevail as to the feasibility of the measure, the primary objection being the difficulty of ascertaining what actually constitutes tea adulteration and adverse critics maintain that unless there is a fixed rule on this particular point, the bill is likely to effect little, if any, amelioration in this respect. As it stood on the occasion of the second reading its provisions were unmistakably in favour of the retail dealer. _ THE facility with which Fiji was incorporated into the British Empire, and the immense advantages which will unquestionably accrue from it, have directed attention to the advisability of still further adding to the possessions of Great Britain by adding New Guinea, the third largest island of the world, and a country which is attractive in more respects than one. The question has been frequently discussed in these colonies, but has not attracted much attention in the mother country until recently. The Times some months ago remarked that "it was highly probable that the results of the exploration which HER MAJESTY'S ship Basilisk has brought to a successful conclusion in the Papuan Archipelago may give an impetus to schemes concocted in the Australian colonies for the annexation of New Guinea to the dominions of Great Britain in the South seas." The probability has turned out a fact, and now the question is being discussed with an earnest- ness which augurs well for the result, and which may perhaps, before long, enable statesmen at home to say, as did MR. DISRAELI, in speaking of the annexation of Fiji at the Lord Mayor's banquet the other day, "We have proved our confidence in the Colonial Empire of England by adding another province' to that empire, and we have no doubt we shall thus succeed in establishing the identity of interests which ought to obtain between the colonies and those who reside in the mother country." Public opinion both in the colonies and at home seems to favour the idea of incorporating New Guinea, and two items of news received by telegraph within the last few days show that the Imperial Government are not altogether disinclined to take the necessary steps to put the idea into practical form. In reply to an influential deputation which waited upon him at the Colonial office, urging the annexation of New Guinea, Lord CARNARVON, Secretary of State for the Colonies, acknowledged I the importance of the subject, but thought the Government must proceed cautiously, and he desired that there should be a manifestation of more interest in the question by Australia. If this " manifestation of interest " is so important, we have no doubt that it will be forthcom- ing, even to a greater extent than it has already been. The colonies have, and still do, take a large amount of interest in the question ; its great importance is recognised, though perhaps not in such a manner as to convince Lord CARNARVON of the fact, and perhaps' it might be as well if a little more noise was made about it, so that it would reach the ears of English states- men, and show them that Australasia may safely be counted upon to render what support is necessary for the attainment of this great object. The other item of news referred to, and which may be accepted as of greater significance than even the vague utterance of the Secretary of State, is that the new Governor of Fiji, Sir ARTHUR GORDON, has received extended powers for the protection of the coast tribes of New Guinea. It is evident that the Home Government, though they do not see their way quite clear to annex the island, are looking forward to a time not far distant when " the acquisitive instinct which was once so strong in the English nature, and which called into being the colonial empire of England," will insist upon the further enlargement of the empire by the addition of a large and attractive country. Much valuable information respecting the island was last year obtained by Captain MORESBY, of H.M.S. Basilisk, who explored a large part of the coast line, and who, at a meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, detailed most interesting particulars concerning the geography and ethnology of the eastern portion. His explorations resulted in the important discoveries that the eastern part of New Guinea does not end' in a wedge, as formerly supposed, but in a huge fork, the lower prong of which is cut up into an archipelago of 60 lofty, volcanic, and richly wooded islands (of which Moresby Island, 36 miles in circumference, Basilisk, Hayter, and Health Islands are the largest and that the great Louisiade reefs, hitherto deemed an impassable barrier between Australia and North-east New Guinea, present in reality a wide open gateway, through which ships may safely pass, and thus enter on a shorter course to China. This course is to the west, instead of to the east of the Louisiade reefs, and shortens the distance by 300 miles, without, to Captain MORESBY'S knowledge, increasing the danger. In addition to these facts, he found that the island presented the general features of a highly mountainous country, culminating in high peaks with gradual slopes down to the sea and in his speech at the Royal Colonial Institute in March last, he asked the company to " imagine the rich slopes of the mountains of New Guinea covered with cotton, rice, coffee, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, and all kinds of spices, and then to picture to themselves below those, potatoes, arti- chokes, cauliflowers, and such like vegetables, and below those again the vine, the apple tree, and the stem of the palm. That, he said, was what might really exist in New Guinea. If a person needed change of air he had only to travel a few miles, and he could pass from the warm glow of summer to the snow of winter. The forests, of which there were several in New Guinea, contained ebony and sandal-wood and many kinds of dye woods, and the sea shore abounded with pearls and tortoise-shell. All these things, Captain MORESBY said, at present attracted, and doubtless would continue to attract, commerce'. Port Moresby was where they found most of the gold sent home, but on Fergusson Island they discovered many boiling springs, and found clapping of rubies and sapphires. In conclusion, he thought it essential that New Guinea should be annexed to Great Britain in fact, the position of the islands to the Australian Colonies necessitated their being under British rule. If the place was to be occupied by a stranger, Australia's strength and position would be weakened and her commerce crippled, for we should have lost the opportunity of opening up a new route between the Australian Colonies and the East." The above facts are specially interesting at the present moment, inasmuch as they go very for to show that in annexing the island we shall not be taking over a country destitute of natural resources, but that in time to come it may be made to yield inexhaustible treasures. Mr. MICHIE, Agent-General for Victoria, has no doubt done a great deal of good by his admir- able paper read before the Royal Colonial Institute in March. He pointed out that it would be a perpetual danger to the Australian colonies to have New Guinea a prey to any foreign power that might take possession of it, a contingency by no means impossible. The motive which led Captain MORESBY to explore the island lay to a great extent, in the fact that before leaving Sydney for those waters he had heard that the French and the Americans, as well as the Russians, intended to fit out expeditions to explore the islands, and he felt very strongly that if they were to be explored the work should be done by Englishmen, and that the names of English statesmen and English admirals should appear on the map of the world in connection therewith. Mr. MICHIE, characteristically, spoke out boldly with respect to the duty of the mother country in the matter. " It was the duty of the State to encourage the spirit of colonisation, and, so far as the settlement of New Guinea was concerned, if the thing was to be done at all it were well that it should be done quickly, as several foreign Governments were nibbling at the island, and one of them would undoubtedly establish itself there if England neglected to do so." This opinion, coming from a man of Mr. MipniE'a standing, will, it is hoped, have due weight with the home authorities. The loss of New Guinea would ever be a matter for the deepest regret, Apart from its natural wealth, which when developed will, from all accounts, prove to be a vast store- house of riches, the interests of the Australasian colonies are at stake. We have had quite enough experience in allowing islands in the South Seas to pass into the hands of foreign powers in New Caledonia, which is now simply a large convict establishment, for the reception of the greatest ruffians of France. We strongly object to another depot of the same kind being formed near our shores, our own criminal population being quite large enough without having it augmented from outside sources. The advantages both social, commercial, and political, which will result from the annexation are so many, that we have sufficient confidence in the wisdom and forethought of the Imperial Government to believe they will not hesitate, after becoming acquainted with the fact that the Australasian Colonies are unanimous in the approval of the proposal, to at once take the island and add it to the Empire. MAILS FOR ENGLAND.- The mails for England that left this on Saturday night had a narrow escape from being left behind. The coach broke down in Epping Forest, and the mails had to be taken on in a vehicle, which arrived at Launceston yesterday forenoon at 11 '30. The steamer had left the wharf half an hour before, and the mails were taken on to Rosevears, and there placed on board the Tamar, which passed Low Heads at 5 10 p.m. yesterday. REPRESENTATION or CENTRAL LAUNCESTON. - To-day will be the latest period of receiving nomination papers for the representation of Central Launceston in the House of Assembly. The only candidate who has as yet come forward is Captain Gilmore, so that it is probable his election may be regarded at certain. CITY COUNCIL-The following business will be considered at the meeting this afternoon Reports from the various committees as follows, viz. : Markets : On application of Fishermen for further accommodation in the Dock. Police : On petition of car proprietors to stand at Mr. Edwards', corner of Elizabeth and Liverpool-streets. Public Works : On plantation of trees in public thoroughfares on tenders for erection of bridge in Collins-street on claim of Mr. Mulhouse for compensation for alleged damage sustained by reason of new line of water- works on claim of Mr. Smith for alleged depriva- tion of a road. Orders of the Day Notice of Motion : Mr. Aldermen Brownell to move, " That it is desirable this Council should have power to prevent the construction of any buildings, walls, fences, abutments, or erections of any kind, con- tiguous to the Hobart Town Rivulet, whereby the lives and property of citizens are endangered, and that this Council should be empowered by an Act of Parliament, not only to prevent such erections, but also to enter upon, remove, or order the removal of any dangerous buildings or erections as may at present exist. POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court on Saturday last, before Messrs. Shaw and Horne, J's.P., two disorderly characters were fined 5s. , with the alternative of 7 days' imprisonment. Rosanna Brittain, charged by Detective Vickers with stealing a fern plant, the property of Mr. Thomas Giblin, was remanded till the 19th inst. EARLY WINTER.-The weather for some time past has, with very brief intervals, been of an exceptionally severe character at this season of the year. In fact, Saturday last might well have claimed to represent our winter in its coldest and most unpleasant phase. Mount Wellington for the last two or three days has had more snow upon it than is usual, even in the severest winter weather, and on Saturday Knocklofty was mantled in white, a fact we are told that has not occurred at so early a period of the season in the memory of the " oldest inhabitant." THE STREETS-In streets during the past week have been sloppy enough to make pedestrianism as unpleasant as can well be conceived, yet, though the City Council recently imported a street scraping and street sweeping machine, the streets remained as muddy as if the Council had not even an old scraper at their command. The machines have probably been " laid up in lavender." They are either too precious to be exposed to the wet, or the men employed by the Council too well know they can do as they like, to undertake so dirty a job as Street cleaning. No wonder the Council publish their accounts so as to give no information of how the money goes. The ratepayers would not tolerate for a week the waste of public money did they know how much it costs to get so little done. But the officers seem masters of the Council, and the labourers are somehow masters of the officials. We would advise that the street scraping and sweeping machine be sent to the Museum, there to I remain as a monument of the great promises and I small performance of the City Council of Hobart Town. The weather yesterday helped to do for the streets what the City Council's men would not, and' for this, if not for the Council's paternal care of them, the citizens should be thankful. DESTRUCTION OF TREES IN THE DOMAIN. Again the Domain is being denuded of its trees, apparently for the sake of fuel. On the hill at the north end may be counted the stumps of fifteen wattle trees that have evidently been cut down within the last few days and as showing the daring of the thieves or the negligence of the official, the spot from which the trees have been cut is sufficiently near a con- stable's residence to render it doubtful whether it was possible to cut down the trees without the sound of the axe being heard at his house. At whatever cost, in the shape of surveillance, this destruction of the green trees of the Domain must be stopped. POTATOES IN SMALL PARCELS In Mr. Hollins dale's shop may be seen evidences of the vitality of the sound potato. He has obtained from England a number of new varieties, each separate species wrapped up in a paper parcel, about the size of a bag containing a couple of lbs. of sugar. The bags are in " tatters," young sprouts having burst through them in every direction, and at the end of some of these sprouts may be seen well formed young potatoes, though not a particle of earth is in the bags. Several of the parcels, and the same applies to other bulbs, appear an inseverable mass of fibres. LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION. Members are requested to attend a meeting at the Masonic Hall, Murray-street, at half-past seven o'clock this evening, for the purpose of " considering the action of the committee of management." OPEN CHAMPION RACE (REGATTA) MEETING.-The adjourned meeting of the committee will be held at the Bird-in-Hand hotel this evening, when the propriety of advertising an open champion race meeting at the regatta of 1875 will be discussed. TOWN HALL ORGAN RECITAL The first of a series of Town Hall organ recitals will be held this evening, commencing at 8 p.m. Mr. F. A. Packer will act as conductor. The programme, which appears in another column, embracing selections from first-class masters. As these entertainments have always maintained a foremost position in popular estimation, it is anticipated that the performance this evening will be liberally patronised. GOOD TEMPLARS The ordinary public meeting in connection with the Excelsior Lodge will be held at the old Temperance Hall, Bathurst-street, at half-past seven o clock this evening. MR. FAIRCLOUGH AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE, LAUNCESTON. Our Launceston correspondent, writing on Friday evening, says Mr. Fairclough, the tragedian, gave his opening histrionic entertainment, in which he was ably assisted by Mdlles. Eugenie and Louise Le Grand, this evening. There was a good attendance. The programme comprised soliloquies from Hamlet by Mr. Fairclough, and scenes from the same tragedy and Richard III., in which Eugenie Le Grand took part. Mr. Fairclough appears on the platform in ordinary evening dress, and his manner and action are easy and unconstrained. The soliloquy of Hamlet, on the death of his father and the marriage of his mother to his uncle, was most effectively rendered, while in the platform scene where Hamlet meets his father's ghost, and apostrophised the departed spirit as he follows it slowly away, an admixture of wonder, fear, and reverence, was admirably pourtrayed alike in speech and action. In the declamatory passage in the second act, where " Hamlet " comments upon the simulated emotion of the actor, and compares it with his own indifference in revenging the death of his father, and in the fearful denunciation which he hurls against his guilty uncle, Mr. Fairclough displayed great power, particularly in the climax to the passage in which J " Hamlet " concludes with the words, " The play's the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King." The well-known soliloquy on self-destruc- tion, " To be, or not to be," was rendered in that quiet, thoughtful, undemonstrative manner of measured utterance, which best conveys the conception of the immortal poet, and which, although not the most taking style with an average audience. is the truest sign of the ability of the actor. This soliloquy was delivered by Mr. Fairclough, contrary to usual custom, in a sitting posture. Follow- ing this came the scene in the third act between Hamlet and Ophelia, by Air. Fairclough and Mdlle. Eugenie Le Grand. This gave Mr. (Fair- clough a fine opportunity for the display of great acting powers in depicting the rapid variations in speech and gesture of the presumably mad prince, and these powers were displayed to great advantage. Mdlle, Eugenie Le Grand as Ophelia, appeared at some disadvantage, she having unfortunately been suffering from an injury to her tongue caused recently when having a tooth extracted. This has caused a swelling on the tongue which considerably affects her speech. Mademoiselle was to have undergone an operation after the performance with a view to the removal of the swelling. Perhaps owing to this defect her voice was imperfectly heard. There was, however, one thing particularly noticeable in her performance which might be easily remedied. She first appeared as " Ophelia," then as the " Queen of Denmark," and finally as the beautiful Lady Anne in the courtship scene from Richard III., but it was difficult to relieve the minds of the audience from the impression that "Ophelia" had never left the stage, - Stage costume may not, perhaps, be usual at recitations, but the dress and manner of "Ophelia" strike one as incongruous in the characters of the " Queen of Denmark and the haughty and beautiful Lady Anne." In the scene between "Hamlet" and his mother, the remorse and apparent shame of the " Queen," when reproached by "Hamlet with her marriage with his uncle, were vividly depicted by Mdlle. Eugenie, her acting in this scene being loudly applauded. Besides the Shakesperian recitations, Mr. Fairclough gave very effectively the famous poem of the Raven, by Edgar Allen Poe, The Battle of Ivry, by Macaulay, and Tennyson's celebrated Charge of the Light Brigade. Mdlle. Louise Le Grand contributed selections on the pianoforte, and also sang one or two pieces. She is fair powers as an instrumentalist, but her voice, though Sweet, is sadly deficient in power. Mr. Fairclough proceeds to Hobart Town to-morrow, and will open there on Tuesday. LmTF.it.s PATENT On Saturday the Attorney General granted letters patent to Andrew Bogle, of No. 5, Flinders-lane west, Melbourne, for an inven- tion for improvements in machinery for brushing boots and shoes, and for polishing, grinding, and sharpening cutlery ; also, to Robert Dixon Bannister, and Samuel Milligan, of Geelong, for an invention for a new device to be used for advertising purposes, WANTED AN OWNER Since 6 o'clock on Friday night, a punt, evidently belonging to one of the river craft, has been lying in the water opposite the Military Stores, and moored to one of the posts at the stone steps. FATAL ACCIDENT AT SEA.-Captain Westbrook of the barque Pet, has given us the particulars of a fatal accident to one of the apprentices belonging to that vessel, on her passage from Adelaide to this port. At seven o'clock on Saturday morning the Pet was about eight miles E.S.E. of Tasman's Head, the wind blowing a very strong gale, with a heavy sea running ; the ship going under close-reefed topsails. The hands were aloft reefing the foresail and one of their number, an apprentice named Francis Edward Connolly, descended the rigging for the purpose of reaching the deck. He was seen by the cook when about three feet from HIP bulwarks. The cook then entered his galley, and on an wins out, after a lapse of a few seconds, he ran.. ' Connolly, and on looking overboard he saw Van n i....- water. He then called out " A man overhaul, " Captain Westbrook who was on deck, immediately threw a rope to the poor fellow which he caught hold of, but soon relinquished, it appearing as if his hands were benumbed with cold. Simultaneously with the action of the captain, the second mate threw over a life buoy, and the first mate went aloft to keep a look out. The ship was put about as soon as a possible, but the young fellow was never seen again. The sea was running so high as to preclude the lowering of a boat. If attempted it would have been swamped in a few seconds, and several lives would have been lost. Connolly was only seventeen years old and this was his first voyage. His father, was chief clerk at the Cascades Invalid Depot. We I may mention that on the sad intelligence becoming known the flags of the vessels in port were lowered to " half-mast." A BATH. Shortly before one o'clock yesterday afternoon a youngster named William Edwards was playing in one of the wood crafts moored alongside the Corporation wharf. In displaying his agility to the admiring gaze of several companions who were on shore, the youngster lost his footing and fell into the water, where he floundered about for a few i seconds, when a man rushed up and safely landed him, and he proceeded home quite crestfallen, no doubt thinking on the thrashing that awaited him. INSUFFICIENTLY STATED. Letters : Mrs. Morrah, London; James Gill, Esq., care of Mrs. Gill, Scotland. Newspaper : Private G. Gray, No. 1812, 7 Company, 32 Regiment, Port Louis, Mauritius. 