THE GEELONG AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY. I Taking advantage of the presence of the Sight Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, -in Geelong. the members of the Geelong Auxiliary Bible Society determined upon holding a public meeting in connection "with their society in the Mechanics* HalL This "was held last evening, when, notwithstanding the very unfavorable state of the weather^ there was a good attendance of members' ot all Protestant denominations. His Worship the Mayor presided, supported right and left by the Bishop of Ballarat and the Ven. the Dean of Melbourne; and on the.platform 'were the following clergymen, vizThe "Revs. C. S. Y. Price, Independent; Good man,-Barker, and May, Episcopalian ; . J. Egglestone, Wcsleyan ? and A. J. Campbell an<L T. M'Keuzie Eraser, Presbyterian. .In the centre of the gallery, which, by the bye, was well filled, was a very efficient choir, of which Mr K. Clarke acted as conductor, and ~ Miss Price presided at the harmonium. The meeting having been opened in the nsnal manner, with prayer and song, The Mayor briefly alluded to the object of the meeting,and adverted to the great amount of good work wluch had been performed by the Bible Society since its first establish ment in 1S04, and said the object was one in which ministers of every Protestant de nomination could make common " cause. ! These ministers were there to lay the rl.timg of the society before them, and he trusted • the sentiments they would utter would en list the sympathy of the audience and cause them to contribute according to their means towards the existence of the society. He 'then called upon the hon. secretary of the Geelong: Branch. . The Lev. C. S. Y. Price, who stated that that was not the annual meeting of the so ; ciety, which was always held in January. The committee had, however, thought it; desirable to hold a meeting whilst the Bishop of Ballarat was in Geelong, so that he might do all the good he could for them. He had not prepared any finnnrinl state ment, hut might state the Geelong Auxiliary Society was lirst formed in 1S45. During the first ten: years it had had a feeble exist ence, the amount expended during that; period being"£51G in the purchase of Bibles; £442 being also sent as a gift to the parent ■ society in London. During the thirty years of its existence, however, the amount ex pended in the purchase of the scriptures had been £1700, whilst £1900 had been sent as a gift to the parent society. The Geelong society had branches at the little Biver, Barrabool Hills, Inverleigh, Shelford, Murghebolnc, Drysdale, Portarlington and Qneensdifie, and' tho members of these branches had, in proportion to their means, contributed more money than had been raised in Geelong. He then again explained the objects of the Society, said that seven churches had contributed, and hoped that every church would do so. There were plenty of people to give, what the Society wanted was people willing to collect ? He therefore. asked every chnrch to forward a contribution ; if they all worked together they could easily double the amount. He spoke of the success attendant upon the revival services in Geelong, and trusted this revival .would be shown by the willingness of -all Christians to work for the Society. .. The Very Lev. the Dean of Melbourne was the next speaker, "and he commenced by "thanking the committee for drawing up a plan shewing on what subject every speaker "was expected to address them, for if it had been left to the speakers themselves to chose "their own subject, they would have been apt "to deal in generalities. His subject was "The Bible in Europe," and he then went on to show what had been done by thesociety ■since it was first established in IS04. "When first formed England had scarcely recovered from the deceiving sleep that had fallen upon the Church (hiring the ISth century. We were awakened first by one society then by another until ultimately the whole of these had blended into the British Bible Society. This had originally been formed by eight or tune individuals who had met in a small room in London with the object of circulating the Bible in "Wales. It was to this district ' "they first intended to confine their efforts, for at that time had any body of men pro posed to send the Bible abroad they "would almost have been looked upon as lunatics. Subsequently they took the bold title of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and then considered themselves called upou to boldly go forward with the work of circulating the Bible through aU lands. At that time the state of society in France was one | of infidelity, on the gravestones could be seen mottoes such as Death is an Eternal Sleep," whilst on a public building were to be.seen the words "There is no God." jSapoieon the 1st had seen that some sort of religion must be introduced to bind • "the people together, he therefore called in "the assistance of the Bishop of Borne, but took good care not to allow him to interfere | in any but spiritual matters, these he said should i not be allowed to interfere with secular affairs, the management of which he kept solely in his own hands, there were then a few good Christians in France, but the character of the nation at large was open, undisguised infidelity, jtfext the \ en. speaker referred to the state of Germany at that period, ignorance prevailed in the Catholic States, while in the Protestant States the feeling, * generally speaking, was one of utter indifference, they were told that meeting together for the worship of God was a superstitious observance, and not necessary ; v.'itli respect to Spain, Italy, and Austria, the Bible was then a for bidden book. At that time a mission Jiad been founded in Otaheite by the Loudou Missionary Society, and the Gospel | Missionary Society had also sent out some missionaries to thenatives of Iforth America, but these missions had not been attended j with much success; thus a spiritual slnmber j reigned over the whole of the people ; God i had some people, but these were few in number. Compared with this what was the state of affairs now ? We found that the peqple of England have become, thoroughly awake, and the very circumstances which it -was most painful to relate in connection, with the Chnrch in England showed this to be the case. A spirit of controversy had sprung rip ; oh one side were those who believed in the spiritual religion of the soul, oh the ■other the believers in materialism ; a con troversy that had arisen from the strong force with which the grace of God bad gone forth into the land. He next dwelt upon the success that had attended the efforts of Mefssrs Moody and Sankey, and asked, sup pose these men had heen able to speak the language, and had gone to Constantinople, Pans, or Madrid, and spoken there as they had done in England, would they have been followed as they were in England! Ho, he said, and this was because they were not, as an the cose of the people of England, pre pared to receive the GospeL They now found much to be pained about in Erance, but there, also, there had been a spiritual awakening. English ministers had been well received there, and an English lady had gone into the very worst part of Paris, among the *. Communists, and there found the people read}', even anxious to listen to the Gospel and hear God's truth. If they turned to Germany, they found the people standing forward for God's, truth, although among some of them there was a terrible ten dency towards nationalism, which was another name for infidelity. This, how ever, was being cast oil', and the whole people were coming back to the simplicity of Divine truth- He then quoted the Erench writer, Montalambert, who, when \- looking on at the conflict that was being waged between France and Germany, said —"How could we expect our men, with out principle and without Godliness, to meet yours, every man of whom had a Bible in his knapsack, and a hymn-book from which he could sing at the evening bivouacs ?" Hext he dwelt upon the decadence of Austria, the great support of the House of Home, whose power—held for 600 years—had been trans ferred to the people who had taken the Lord to he their God, and the Bible to be their guide. In the earlier part of this century, no man would have he so unwise as to ima gine be conld introduce the Bible into Spain, Italy, and Austria; but now that Book cir culated freely in those countries. This was owing to the efforts of the Bible Society, which (some thought, had not done so much, bnt which he looked upon as wonderful. There were more* Bibles circulated now by the society in Spain and Italy than there were in the whole of England some years ago. They had to contend against Popery on one side, and infidelity on the other, but the work of God was going on successfully. In con clusion, the ven- gentleman alluded to the great improvement manifest in the social condition of the people where the Bible was now circulated, and said wherever that book went it brought about goodness, obedience to authority, and submission to order. The seed of God's IVord had heen sown, and it wonld not result in a void. Hymn—" To Him that loved us be glory forever." "Xbe JRer. John Egglestonc said the subject Ke was called upon .to speak .on was " The Bible and our own Times.'" It was a subject, no doubt, which ueededwell considering, .as it opened - a nide field-for thought. He alluded to the tie existing between the Bible Society and the Mission Society, one assist ing the other; the former printing the Bible for the use of the latter.. He .had in his hand a Fijian Bible, which was some time since translated by men of God, the printing being done_ in Fiji by the natives. - One of the missionaries having a knowledge of printing, set it up, and while issuing the second edition, was assisted by an Bnglish printer, who was converted whilst at his work, and became a very useful agent amongst the natives.. After the Bible had been issued numbers of natives embraced the religion and took up the work, the demand for the Bible being so great, -the Bible Society was appealed to, to issue a new edition for circulation amongst the islanders. This the Society at once con sented to do, and in the first instance the Four Gospels, in Fijian language, were scut out, S00 being allowed his colleague, the Rev. Mr Royce, the pressure upon him being very great to obtain them. When the Fijians knew the consignment-had arrived and was on hoard the John Wesley, they were anxi ous to obtain them at once, and when the boat left the ship with the case containing them, they walked into the water to meet it, and shoulderingthe parcel they took it ashore, bring opened the contents were distributed amongst the delightful recipients. Shortly after this the Hew Testament, and then the Bible was sent out, which has also been printed in Tonganese. In almost every house at the present time a copy can be found, and it is a regular practice with the household to have morning and evening devotions. At first the Bibles were given to the natives, hut afterwards, as it was thought they wereim proving1 under its influence and benefitted | by their intercourse in the way of trade, that they ought to pay for it, and, hot with- I standing this, there .was as pressing a demand as ever, especially when the supply was short, and on one occasion a missionary had only two left, aud for these he was offered ■ gallons of cocoa-nut oil, a pig, sailing masts, in fact anything, and in order to shelter himself he handed the books over to the native teacher to use as he | thought "best. By the sale of Bibles among the Fijians fully £130 was raised, that sum, with additional-amounts, making it between" £200 and .f-'100 -nrns fVnTiuti'lffOff tninp +.n ftp £200 and £300, was transmitted home to the society. (Applause.) The natives were very strongly attached to the Bible, the reverend gentleman referring to several instances of how they carried it about with them. . The Bible Society had largely served to extend the "Word, and if the truth hail not been strongly grounded in the hearts of the natives they would have been long since led astray by those who sought to do them harm and poison their minds against the missionaries. In one instance a French priest, he- | fore several of them, compared the trunk of a tree to the Church of Home, aud the withered branches to Protestantism, when a native standing by with his Bible in his hand, told him that unless he spoke accord ing to what that Book said, he had neither root nor branch. (Applause.) Ivone could look around on the islands near to them, and fail to mark what a harmonising holy effect the Bible had had upon them, as only fifty years since they were inhabited by relentless and cruel savages, who depopulated tonus and villages by their warfare. But now, in the Friendly Islands for instance, an idol could not be found from one | end to the other, being either burnt or de livered up to the missionaries. Day schools were in every village, and he believed if the population under 30 years' of age was polled it would he foimd more could read and -write than in Arictoria itself—a change of only 20 or 30 years. Parliaments were held, which had been prominently noticed of late, the inarch of intellect being very apparent amongst them, hlany Fijians, once cannibals, could be found preaching the power of God, and making themselves eminently useful. This was but one part of the work of the Mission Society- a glorious work, worth all the money expended upon it. As, however, time was creeping on, and he knew who was to follow, he would resume his seat. (Ap plause.) Hymn—"From Greenland's Icy Moun tains." His Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat then rose to address the meeting, and was greeted with prolonged applause. He said that im mediately prior to leaving England lie had seen the Secretary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, for the purpose of ascertaining how liberally they could grant, him Scrip tures to deport with him,in the vessel in which he was about to sail, for the use of his diocese. His business was settled promptly and gene rously, but before leaving he was requested, should the opportunity occur, after his arri val, to render help, as a speaker or "other wise, at the Society's meetings in Victoria. Hence, when invited for that evening, he had felt bound as well as pleased to comply. It appeared, however, that he was expected, indealingwith tliesubject setdownforhim, to I enterupon scientific obje'etionstothe scientific | objectors. This he could not undertake, partly owing to the fact that all his note3 upon this subject were still packed up with his baggage, partly owing to want of time to devote to the preparation of such an address, which should be accurate and well considered. In three months he had visited fifty-seven places, preached seventy-one times, and given eleven Sunday-school addresses besides innumerable interviews and correspondence. This - left no time for such work as he had named. He | would occupy the few minutes allowed him by trying to establish the following propositions as an answer to the enquiry which the practical times we live in might be supposed to make. "What is the use of the Bible to us 1 and why should it bo cir culated? First, our times have got their good things -with the Bible; secondly, our times could not get their best things without the Bible. One, the opposite of the first, proposition had been maintained, in deed, but hardly with success. The Bible, ' spiritual as it was, ■ was practically of immense importance to the temporal and secular well-being of nations. Po litical freedom came with the Christian Teutonic element in Europe. The influence of the Bible was against all despotism and fatal sooner or later to the institution ■ of slavery. Slavery co-existed in immense pro portions with Greek culture and civilisation.. Athens had 40 slaves to every eight freemen, Corinth had 400,000. Bnt a book which taught that men were made alike in the image of God and all to be honored; that Christians were brethren and temples of the Holy Ghost, was to slavery what fire was to water or water to fire. The same influ ence was traceable in the relation the Bible holds between master and 'servant, husband and .wife, parents and children. Infan ticide predominated wherever the Bible was not received. Divorce and polygamy flou rished where socialism or redrepublicanism re jected Scripture. Intellect received its highest impulse in England contemporaneously with the free circulation of the Bible. Bacon and Newton, Galileo and Capernicus, Kepler and Boyle were Christian believers. "What music like that which was born of Christian themes ? What painting like that inspired by Bible subjects'! The Bible said nothing about art but its development iu higher forms seemed one of the gocd fruits of this heavenly tree. The melancholy, misanthropic, and im practical view of life belonged to those who rejected Scripture. They were God's arrows, sharp in the hearts of His enemies. Bible truth was profitable for all things. The Scriptures taught the best secularism. But, secondly, there, were better things for man ■ than civilisation and temporal good, and nothing but the Bible provided them. The study, of the rocks did not teach whether prayer could be-answered; research among the nebula; did not show how temptation was to be resisted. The profoundest ac quaintance with chemistry would not pre pare for the judgment. Nor did physiology yield hopes for a bright eternity. Disco verable truth could be left for man to find out, but truths essential for his good, not only for this world, but for ever, needed to be re Tealed to him, and lo! his needs iu this respect had been graciously met. What the ablest and the humblest alike required for the renewal of their life and the brighteniug of their immortal future, was provided for them in a sixpenny Bible. (Applause.) Graduated for the progressive apprehension of mankind, pictured in types, acted out in histories, breathed forth in psalms, and illustrated by parables, The Bible did not teach optics, mechanics, or mental scieuce, but it had a Divine message for sorrowing, aching hearts. It did not explain geological phenomena, or anticipate astronomical discoveries, but it taught Ids little boy the way to heaven. God bad two books, the same in author ship, but different in method and arrange ment and in the instruments of their, interpretation, because diverse iu their special object. But the Lord—the co venant Jehovah of the Bible—was the God —the elohtm—the author of Nature, In both books there were profound difficulties— things surprising—things bard to be under stood—but potent study and the employ ment of the proper means unfolded the secrets of both. The means of apprehend ing nature were scarce. The instrument for investigating nature was faith. Neither our times nor any other could do with out the latter. It met human sorrows and extremities as nothing else could do, be cause it was designed to meet them. In a ministry among the degraded classes in Lon don he had been amazed at the exact adapta tion of scripture to all creatures and humanity, from the highest to the lowest. A key that fitted so complicated a lock must surely have been made for it. At a death bed side, scientific facts were nothing to the pulse ; but a book containing words such as these—"Come unto Me all ye that labor, I can give you rest," "God so loved the world that He gave His son, that all that believed in Him might not perish,"— poured a flood of light over the gloom. Like yonder moon, which stood out in brightness when the night came down upon the earth, -the Bible displayed its special-value in the dark hour of sorrow, when ail other resources had faded away. This was the true salt of the earth, but the salt must be rubbed in to preserve from cor ruption. These were the true healing waters, but the channel must be cleared, for their flow athwart a sin-plagued world- The small-pox of unbelief was abroad. They must meet it by the vaccination of Bible circulation. This was the work to which the institution addressed itself, which had brought them together, and he calltd upon the Christians of Geelong. to avail themselves, as a privilege, of the oppor tunity now, pressed upon them of show ing more active interest than ever in' the truly Divine work carried on by the great and glorious society. (Applause^) The Rev. Canon May proposed a vote of thanks to their visitors—His Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat and the Dean of .Mel bourne, and to the Mayor—remarking that if they had enjoyed themselves only half as much he himself had, they- would be exceed ingly gratified. ■ The votes were cordially carried, with en thusiastic'applause. Hymn—" Let there be light." The Bishop having pronounced the Bene diction, the proceedings terminated. [It'was subsequently ascertained the col lection amounted to £14-1 . 