Sodll nitd fepl JftUHi. PRICE OF FRODDCE,—Maize is quoted at from 3s 8d to 4B Od in Sydney, and potatoes at £6 10s. At Melbourne, maize is ruling at 4s 9d per bushel. WESLEYAN.—The Rev. J. Phillips will preach on Sunday, the 22nd instant, at Brogher's Creek, at 11 a.m.; at Wood Hill, at 2 p.m.; and at Broughton Vale, at 7 p.m. THE LATE PLOUGHING MATCH.—A meeting of committee of the Shoalhaven Agricultural and Horticultural Association will be held at the house of Mr. John M'Arthur, on Tuesday next, the 24th ilistant, at 3 p.m., for the purpose of considering a protest made against the award in the special prize for the " best turnout" and other business of importance. ANOTHER PLOUGHING MATCH.— It will be noticed In our advertisement columns that stepB are being taken with a view of getting up a ploughing match on the north side of the river, and to this end a public meeting is convened for .Wednesday next, at the Bomaderry Point, THE MAGNET TROUPE —This Company intend giving another of their favorite performances this evoning, at Mi's. Isaac's long room ; also, at Numba, on Monday evening next; at Nowra, on Tuesday ; and at Milton, on Thurs^ day and Friday evening next. The Company has undergone some change since they appeared here some few weeks ago, and we notice that it has been augmented by the addition of Mr. Alick O'Brien, whose impersonation of the cele. braced " Salamander Sam " has received consi deiable encouragement in the metropolis and elsewhere. • SUPPOSED DEATH BY DROWNING.—A young mar. named Daniel Keil, a German by birth, and who has been lately staying with Mr. Thomas Shepherd, of Cambewarra, has been missing since Saturday evening last, and is supposed to have fallen into the river near Bomaderry and got drowned. He was last heard of on the evening named, as at a very late hour, he wanted to cross the river from the north to the south side, but having only shortly before been taken over to that side—and he being the worse of liquor, and on bis side homewards, some demur was made by the ferryman, Mr. Davis, to bring him back again. It is reported, that in consequence of this refusal, he went and took one of the ferry bouts, and made an attempt to cross over, for we learn that the boat was found adrift next morning. Diligent search has been made all the week for the missing man, and on Thursday his hat was found upon the island, but not a trace of Keil has been discovered. We understand that a party with grappling irons are going to drag the river to-day with a view of recovering the body should the surmises prove true that he has been drowned. THE ENGLISH MAILS.—The P. and O. Company's steamship Golconda which left Point-de- Galle on the31st ultimo, was due off Glenelg on Thursday last. The mail steamship Mncgregor from San Francisco, will be due in Sydney today Saturday. SHOOTING MATCH AT KIAMA.—A match took place at Kiama, on Saturday last, between a team of the champions of No. 1 Volunteer Company, in Sydney, and an equal number of the Kiama Corps, the result being another victory to Kiama of 29 points over their Metropolitan rivals. The Hei.ry rifle was used in the match, and we have been informed that the average made by the Kiama team was 43 points per man. THE MELBOUURNE EXHIBITION.—The Commissiuneis appointed by the Government to arrange for the exhibition of the products of New South Wales at Philadelphia and Melbourne forwarded by the Wentworth, on Saturday, sixty packages to the Intercolonial Exhibition, which i6 to open in Melbourne on tbe 2nd September next. Amongst these exhibits Mr. Seccoinbe of Ulladulla is the exhibitor of preserved milk, prepared by his new process, and the article has the reputation of great excellence. DINNER TO HON. THOMAS GARRETT, MINISTER FOR LANDS.—On Tuesday next, a public Dinner will be held at Cullen's Hotel, Burrawang, to the Hon. Thomas Garrett, Minister for Lande, and it is intended that as many as possible assemble at Moss Vale to escort Mr. Garrett to Burrawang. KLEPTOMANIA.— Lost from the Commercial Bank, Muss Vale, a laige black, long-bodied, long-haired, and loiig-snouted Dog, with white chest; answers to the name " Blondin." Supposed to have followed some horsemen to Shoalhaven on Sunday morning. The Kleptomaniac who persists in retaining him after this notice will be prosecuted. GOOD TEMPLARS.—The British Lion Lodge, No. 29, Independent Order of Good Templars, held their usual monthly meeting in the Schoolhouse, Pyree, on Wednesday evening last. The Lodge was opened in the usual manner ; most of the officers and a good number of members being in attendance. Three candidates were initiated as members of . tbe Lodge, and of the Order, and one gentleman was proposed for membership. The quarterly returns were handed to the G.L.D., and other routine business trans- - acted. The following officers were elected and installed for the ensuing quarter :—W.C.T., Bro. Adam Howitt; W.V.T., Bro. David Berrie ; P.W.C.T., Bro. Housten; W. Secretary, Bro. M'Arthur ; Assistant Secretary, Bto. C. A. Berrie ; Financial Secretary, Bro. Duncan M'Lean ; Treasurer, Bro. D. Caldwell; Chaplain, Bro. D. Wnddei:; W.M., Bro. M. Marcus; D.M., Sister Margaret Berrie; I.-G., Bro. John Johnsou.; O.G., Bro. Itaiah Aldoiip ; R.H. Supporter, Sister Florat Housten. The next meeting of the Lodge was fixed for Wednesday, the -8th September, at Nowra, to take place immediately .after® public 'temperance meeting on the same evening. A committee was appointed to arrange forthe public meeting.- A circular was read from the G.L., and tbe,meeting closed in the «6ual manner. . THE SUEZ MAIL.—Fears are entertained for the safety of the "Ceylon;"-which steamer had not arrived at Galle in due time with the linmeward boiind July mails. It will be remembered that the "Oeyioti" got aground in Hobson's Bay, but waB apparently uninjured when she started on her voyage to Adelaide. It is to be hoped that we shall shortly have intelligence of her safe arrival; The South Australian Government have telegraphed to Galle for any information respecting tbe missing steamer.—Evrning News. FIRE AT COOKTOWN.—A.telegram to the Evening News reports that a disastrous fire broko out in Cooktown, at 9 p.m., ou Saturday and destroyed several large stores and houses. The total damage iB about £30,000. Wing On and Oo.'s stock wns destroyed; it was'valued at £10,000. The Joint Stock Bank also narrowly escaped destruction ; as it is the premises will h'avg t9 bg extensively repaired, THE AUBIFEROI'8 DEPOSITS OF FOXLOWE.—A correspondent of the Queanbeyan Age who, with another man, has been prospecting the private property of Mr. George Osborne at. Foxlowe, and who have sunk a shaft down to water, when they were unable to go any further, now make an appeal to the Queanbeyan folks for assistance to go down deeper. He suggests going to a depth of 200 feet. He is of opinion that a very rich lead of gold runs through Foxlowe. LARIKINISM.—A practical joke which might have been attended with very serious consequences was perpetrated by some young scamps on Mr. Moss, at bis shop on Tuesday evening last. It appears that some boys obtained some Bhavicgs and filled np the pipe of Mr. MOSS'B stove for the purpose of smoking him out of his room when the fire was lit. The shavings caught and created quite a sensation as the fire rose as high as the shingles, and if the day had been fine would most certainly have ignited, and perhaps the block of buildings would have been consumed.—Carcoar Chronicle. MORE GOLD 1—Another splendid specimen of gold has been brought into Yass from the vicinity of the Pudman Creek. Over 2 ozs 7 dwts were containod in the sample, it was collected in twelve days by prospecting. This is another proof of the correctness of the opinion of the Rev. Mr. Clarke that payable gold is to be found in the Yass district. THE LATEST ON HAY-MAKING.—A Mr. Wrighton writes to an English paper urging farmers to " box " their hay, not " make " it, He says, dig a deep trench, cram in the green grass as damp as you like, indeed the damper the better, cover it with a foot or more of earth, and in the winter you will <£ud it completely preserved and fit for use. NEW SOUTH WALES NEWSPAPERS FOB THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITIONS.— 1 The A thenwum of Saturday last says :—Our country oontemporarieB must be congratulated upon the care they have taken to make a'respectable appearance at the Philadelphia Exhibition. In most instances, in addition to a superior quality of paper, and more careful press-work, the editors have-provided interesting statistics of (he districts in which tbe journals under their control circulate; so that altogether—as far, at least, as periodical literature is concerned — New South Wales should compare favorably with any country in the world." This is a high compliment to rural journalists. A GOOD SUGGESTION.—Here is a nut for Mr. Piddington to crack : " Birth. — On the 27th July, at Neliigen, Mrs. Robert Backhouse, of a son, which makes her the mother of twenty children and grandmother of sixteen." The lion, gentleman, whose mania appears to be the increase of our population, will snrelj not object to lending his aid to obtain a special grant of land to such a valuable citizen as Mrs. Backhouse. Some recognition of the sevice of this estimable lady should, undoubtedly, be made— MaltbuB, Harriet, Martineau, and all misogynists to the contrary notwithstanding; and we hope that if Mr. Piddington declines, some other patriot will be found willing to take action in the matter.—A thenaum. LAND ACT.—The Bombala Times says—The Amended Lands Act came into force on Thursday last, disappointing many who had wended their way to the Lands office fully intending to take up a few extra blocks in various names. " Minors " were at a discount, and their agents had to pocket their deposits together with their blighted hopes. Personal application being required, many of the intending selectors on Thursday were unable to put in an appearance, for the simple reason that they had not acquired the necessory accomplishment of " walking" to the office. Their parents, however, hope that in sixteen years time, the applicants of Thurs day will be more successful. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS PREVENTION SOCIETY.— This society has now turned its attention to the pounds of the colony, and has addressed to the Benches of Magistiates a circular, of which the following is a copy-—"The attention of the Committee for (he Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has long been painfully attracted to the importance of making alterations in the constructions of the public pounds of the colony, and devising means by which the animals impounded may have not only sufficient food and water, but shelter from the scorching sun, and inclement weather in the winter season. The committee respectfully point out these deficiencies as they .now exist, and the pain which necessarily ensues, and hope your kind sympathy may bo at once enlisted, and you will be good enough to assist the committee in their efforts.to make the following alterations:—First, that a covering, however simple be constructed for protection to the animals impounded ; secondly, that a rack or receptacle for food shall be placed in each pound ; tbiidly, that a water trough shall bfesccurely fixed ; and fourthly, proper drainage shall be made for the rain water and soakage from adjoining ground to run off freely. Many instances of gross negligence on the part of pound-keepers have come under the notice of the committee,_ in not providing sufficient food and water, which have issued in prosecution and conviction. It is therefore earnestly hoped that your valuable assistance may be called into action to aid the society in making the suggested alterations and improvements in the public pounds of the colony." SPORTING.—Although the Hawkesbury meeting, the legitimate opening of the lacing season, commences on Wednesday next, there does not appear to be much betting, or rather we should say, change of betting. The return each week has about the like sameness and interest ns a produce circular, and the rubbish contained in " Training Notes " and such like, written for the purpose of putting the public off the scent, afford no reasonable grounds for anyone to go on. The Hawkesbury Guineas, for which the Sylvia colt is much thought of, should give a line as to some of tlie three- year-olds, and as the stables money is said to be on the Valetta colt for the A.J.C. Derby, he- should run on his merits, and if he does despite the talk about Connaught, lie will beat more than beat him. The early risers tell you that one morning they like this horse and another that, but this must greatly, depend upon their clearness of vision and the number of glasses of browu sherry which they have swallowed, as well as what is " hanging" to such assertions. A JUDICIAL MISTAKE.—In the " Town Talk*' of Saturday's Evening News we find the following :—" Fifteen years solitary confinement I The righteous indigation of Mr. Justice Hargnve at a foul crime surely ran a way with him, when in terms certainly savouring more of passion than of stern yet calm justice he passed this awful sentence on the wretch found guilty of extorting money from Captain Stackliouse -The offence, indeed, was a vallainous one, and pity for ihe offended there should Tie noiie. . But it is very doubtful whether the learned Judge's excessive severity may not have the effect of creating for the wretched prisoner that very con sideration the slightest claim to which his Honor so emphatically denied. ' With all its atrocity, there iB a contemptible sneaking cowardice in a crime of this kind for which the fittest punishment is certainly that coward's terror, the " cat," and as his'Honor had the option of treating this rascal, in addition to a long term of imprisonment, to two or three public whippings, it is a pity, we think, that he did not give hiin the benefit' bf it; No, one, probably not even the amiable secretary of the Cruelty to to Animals Society, would have complained, though the wretch had been whipped through the town oace a week during his four yeats' sentence, and we differ from the learned Judge in thinking that is just, the sort of punishment for the prisoner would eare. But 'the almost life-long agony of silent and solitude is a veiy different matter. It is'simply a punishment tob.heavy for human nature to bear, ahd Mr.,'Justice liargrave's terrible sentence must be pronounced a judicial mistake, if only for the reason {hat ft cannot be parried wfc - HIGH PRICE OF LAND.—Mr. A. A. Dangar'B land sold on Friday at Wicklmm by Messrs. Wolfe arid Badgery, fetched a long price. 27 lots, not quite five acres, realised £4596. The same land is reported to have been purchased some thirty years ago by Mr. Danger, senior (deceased), at 15s an acre. CONVICTION OF EDWARD WHITE.—The hearing of the arguments in the law points reserved in the ca.°o of Edward White, convicted of an attempt to bribe members of Parliament, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labour, will take place on tho 81st instant. There are mauy widely diverging opinions respecting the valuo of tho objection, which is that colonial legislatures do not possess the privileges of the Honse of Commons. CAUTION TO PARENTS,—The Mount Alexander Mail says that danger of allowing children to play with axes and tomahawks cannot bo too frequently set before the notice of parents, accidents from this cause being of such frequent occurrence. Two children in Campbell's Creek were playing with an axe, the younger one (a girl) putting her hand on a block for her brother to cnop at; at length she did not withdraw her hand quick ecough, and the blade falling acros the hand served the ends of nil the fingers of tbe left hand. The poor little sufferer, who is only about 8 years old, was brought to the Hospital as quick as possible, where her wounds were treated by the resident surgeon. KANAKAS AND FIREARMS.—A terrible arcident has occurred at Yengarie through the careless use of firearms. Two kanakas, known to be on friendly terms, wore playing. The one raised a gun wliich he believed to be unloaded, and, presenting it within a few inches of the other's face, declared his intention of firing unless he was given n slick of tobacco. While he 6poke, ho pulled the trigger, and the charge—powder only, fortunately—lodged in the face of the man aimed at. The whole of the left side of the upper jaw is blown in, and the roof of the mouth fractured. The bo.y WOB conveyed to the hospital, where he now lies, more dead than alive.— Maryborough Chronicle. NARROW ESCAPE.—An escape from a frightful death to a miner at the Wailsend pit occurred on Friday last. A young man was tunnelling, before tho shot wns put in, in a board where a person named Bell «vas wheeling. Addressing Bell, he said, " I think I had better put some more grease in my lamp." He came out for that purpose, and while replenishing his lamp, about thirty tons of coal came down on the spot on which he had only two minutes before been working.—Newcastle Chronicle. How MANY INCHES MAKE A FOOT?—A witness (a shoemaker) at an inquest on Wednesday, held in Sydney, on being asked how many inches made a foot, said, "Well, some go 7 inches, some 8, and some 9." The same person was asked if he were a judge of pace, and at about what pace was a certain spring-van going. He replied," The cart was going at a slow trot, about half-a-tnile an hour, or less." Rather a slow trot. A solicitor employed in the case suggested that the witness be engaged to go out and wntcli the doings of tho horses at Randwick, and give them tbe tip for the Dei by—meaning that such a sharp fellow should not be lost sight of. THE MINISTER FOR LANDS.—Speaking of tho late unfounded charges brought by Mr. Pnrkes against the Hon. the Minister for Lands, the Bathurst Free Press says .—As a public man Mr. Garrett has been before tbe country for many years. He has taken a more active part in politics than most members, and his consistency in adhering to tbe advanced principles which lie enunciated on first entering Parliament no one can question. He was first elected in 1860, and on every occasion since he has had to meet formidable opposion, but has never been rejected by any constituency. Taking office orly recently as a Minister of the Crown, he was put upon his trial ns an administrator of one of the most important departments in the Government; and it must be admitted i hat he has shown consummate ability as aLnnd Minister— and this we know many of Mr. Garrett's political opponents admit. NEWSPAPER PILFERING.—^Readers of this journal who are in the habit of c)ealing it for that purpose, are reminded tliat for tha small sura of 5s per quarter thoy cau obtain that satisfaction without imperilling their characters for honesty. Should this prove too heavy a tax, they can easily borrow the paper from a subscriber (though this last is a most reprehensible practice^ only second to thieving- from a moral point of view). So many cousplairts veaoh us of r.onarrival of papers duly pasted, tl.at we warn the thieves that we are on the alert, and that they will not, in future, be able to obtain thir literature so cheaply and easily as heretofore. Our subscribers and agents are requested to aid us by at once sending word if their copies do not come to hand at the usual time Atfienanim. AN ALDERMAN RETURNING THANKS. — The Yass Courier publishes the following remarks made by Mr. Alderman Scanes on the occasion of his election to represent Hardy Ward :—" Mr. Returning-officer and gentleman,—I have very little to say. I did not come with my pockets loaded with mud to throw at anj other candidate, nor with promises for the ratepayers. I believe those who are loudest in promises are always thelongest in the performance of them. I believe Mr. Couch to Lave no qualification forthe dutieB of an alderman. I also believe Mr. Scanes to be in the same plight, so that whichever of us had been elected he would have been on an equal footing with the majority of those who have gone in before us. Though I will promise nothing in detail, I will, however, endeavour to the utmost of my humble ability to 6pend all the public money in a manner most conducive to the interest and comfort of the ratepayers, and I am sure the condition of the streets is as important to me as to anyone. As I have for the last thirteen years occupied an elevated position in society (on a water-cart), I have bad an opportunity of seeing a great deal that is not required. I now offer my sincere thanks to those who have thought fit to thiust greatness on mo, and to you, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, for your considerate patience in this very tame affair. SINGULAR PROCEEDING.—In the course of business at the Central Police Court, on Wednesday, one James Cunneen, out on bail (the nature of the charge was not stated), was called upon to make his appearance, and a constable stepped into the'witness-box to be. sworn, when Mr. Forster, interrupting, and said as the defendant hie client, was too ill to attend the Court to-day aud as Mr. .Montague Levey, who.caused him to be apprehended, was not in attendance, having no intention to prosecute the charge; it would ! IO unnecessary to take the constable's evidence, and, under these circumstances T^E bench would of course, discbarge the accused. 1 Mr. Solomon^ said that, having, some; time ago, decided that a prisoner admitted to bail could not satisfy, tlie conditions of the bond otherwise than by a personal appearance he should insist upon it now. but if Mr. Fouster produced a medical ceitificate to the effect that his client was too ill to attend the Court, he would not object to postpone the hearing until another day. As to the presence of prosecutor, or whether he intended to forgo the prosecution, it was too early to inquire until the prisoner shall be before the Court. Mr. Forster WAS disinclined to accept a. poBtponement, but asked that the case might be again called on in half AN hour or ana in the mean time he would communicate with MB client Mr. Solomon agreed to this. Some time ifterjyard the prisoner made his appearance, thus satisfying the conditions of the bail bond; hut Instead of taking tlie evidence of tho constable to 6tate on what charge, or under what circumstances the prisoner was a prisoner at all, the Court directed Montague Levey-to be called, and the SAID Montague JLevey not making his appearance, the'.prisMjer was FPSTAQTW discharged,— ffprqfd, "It NEVER RAINS BUT IT POURB."—The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek News:—" About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of tbe blue blood of an old family coursing through his veinB, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the woild >o one who sometimes can afford threepennyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few friends did assemble^together, and wish all happiness to (he newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the wifo (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the mail she knelt beside at tho altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the conple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of lime brought about. In April last the husband was ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of Bolicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside property in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached last told of f'irther favours in stoic for thefortnnato couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but what is better, £34,000. bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches Slie had not the ghost of an idea." 