<S>Igt»iria: A ROMANCE. BY R. E. FRANCLLLON. ATFTB6R OF "EARL'S DBNE," "PttARL AND ElHEAtD," "ZELDA'S FOBTDSS," BTC. PART IL—LACHESIS. BOOK II.—BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. CHAPTER IV. Full wall Sir Gay knew how to pl*y Wolf, Boebuck, Boar, and Bear- But te see a Babbit turn tobay— What could he do bnt stare? Forsyth and Olympia were one day returning from an expedition into those recesses of Lyke Wood where their acquaintance had begun so mauspicioofily. She was in high spirits because her work that morning had received half a dozen words of scarcely qualified praise—he was never in high spirits, but his manner had of late become less studiously ajid consciously reserved. He had at all events laid aside the inward-looking smile that had originally prejudioed her against him and had told her that they were natural enemies. "When," she asked suddenly, "do you think I shall be able to paint really well?" " Suppose I were to say ' Never at all?'" She stopped aghast. "Never ? If 1 thought you meant it, I'ld take and throw everything into the Beck, that's all." "What? Do you find no happiness in work, then 1 Are you so ambitious 1 Suppose I were to tell yon more—that no woman ever reached|the front rank in art—and that, if she could,} she would be so unutterably wretched that it would be better for her never to have been born 1" "Then I hate myself for beine; a woman. Ye?, I have long known it; I was meant to be a man." "And Gerald?" "Poor fellow! H I'd been a man, he'ld have been in no trouble for me, aud we'ld have been the best friends in the world." "This is not much like love," thought Forsyth. " I do think, somehow, that a woman who loved would not wish to be a man, even if that man were Michael Angelo. I will try her another way.—But suppose I were to say—I don't say it, mind—you can paint ; you have genius—what then " What then ? Oh, say it even if you don't quite mean it—say that I can do only half as well as I try !" " Indeed I won't, though. I want to know what you would do." "Do? I'ld leave The Laurels; I'ld paint pictures; I'ld sell them ; I'ld be a great man; I'ld be more famous than you" "And then?" "Ob, I'ld die at last, I suppose, and they'ld write my life and buiy me in Westminster Abbey—No, I'ld be buried in Gressford; it would be splendid fun for me to see Aunt Caroline staring at my tomb and won* dering that the grand epitaph should be about me." "And Gerald?" " Oh, Gerald, of coarse. I'ld marry him, somewhere in the beginning, or middle, or end. It's him I'm working for, yon know." "Olympia, I want to talk to you very seriously about Gerald." "Now for Lord Wendale," she thought, "at last!" " We know one another well enough to talk freely now. I have got a craze into my head that we are father and daughter; let it be so for thiB hour. I think yon are a good girl, though you have more faults than I could very well. count in a day. Yon are obstinate; you are wilful; yeu are hottempered; you are rash; you are discontented; you are intolerant; I am not sure you are not a little nngrateful, considering all your uncle and aunt have been to you. At any rate you are thoughtless.—No, yon need not fire up with me; yon know in your own heart that I should not have studied your faults without liking you a little in spite of them—because of them, perhaps. And so" He need not have warned her against anger. She waa bewildered by an indict- ment that out-Asnt-Car'Hned Aunt Car'line. " —And so—I want to know if you ever asked yourself—yoar real Inner self I mean— whether some of these faults of yours, rather than tiie love of a girl for her future husband, have not led yoa Into an engagement that does not seem to fill your heart half so much ar your dreams of being an impossible she- Raphael?" It was out, then. She seemed to see the cloven hoof itself as she answered, bluntly, and with contempt for his short-sighted conning. "I suppose yon mean I ought to marry lord Wendale?" " Good heaven, no!" " Then please tell me what you do mean. I've said I'ld many Gerald," she said, with a sigh, " and there's an end. Let's talk about something else, please. One would think to hear people talk there was nothing but marrying going on in the world. 1 wish I could write, and then I'ld make a book without any love in in, just for a change." " I see. If you made the year, you would leave out the spring. But what would you do for flowers?" " I would have none. They should all be trees, and all the women should be men. I suppose I'm in love—and where are the flowers, I'ld like to know?" They wandered back to The Laurels silently, without talking of the something else that Olympia had proposed. She was trying to work out a problem. What had he meant by almost telling her in so many words that she was false to Gerald, if, as the tone of his exclamation had told her, the idea of her marrying Lord Wendale was really strange to him! She was not angry with him for giving her a list of her faults. The very want of somebody with an admitted moral right to scold her had been one of her thorns. Like all rebels she wanted a despot, and had as yet found none. Like all women she craved for a master; and had only had to deal with those before whose spirits her own could not stoop to b6w. They reached the gate of the carriagedrive; and though everything looked as usual the never-mistaken feeling that something had happened fell over her before her feet had touched the graveL Wandering thoughts catch invisible trifles without the help of eyes, Perhaps the gate was open an inch more or less than usual: that would be more ground than was needed for a presentiment to grow in. Forsyth remained at the gate for a moment to bid her good-by till tomorrow. He wished to say something more than good-by, but knew not what. Not since that evening in Don Pedro's- quintd had his words and his thoughts been so utterly divorced from one another as now. "I only hope yon will be always true to yourself," he said, " whether that means being trne to Gerald or no. It may be that in keeping to the letter of your promise you may be more false than if yon had accepted Lord Wendale. I shall see yon to-morrow, and then we will mention this matber no more." She went slowly up to the house. Nature is hut the echo of our own moods; and the air though fresh and bright enough, felt heavy te her, as though charged with an unseen elond. Her aunt's faee was at the front window; and as she approached np the drive it suddenly disappeared. No sooner had she entered the hall than Mrs. Westwood, whose conduct grew stranger and stranger day by day, threw both her arms round Olympia's neck, and kissed her on the cheek with lips that for once were almost lukewarm—nay, her eyes were moist, unless Olympia was dreaming. " My dear, dear Olympia!—Gerald has come home!" Her heart should have bounded at the words—and it grew faint and chill. "Come home?" was all she could say. " Where is he ?—When did he come ?" " lent it sudden ? But I knew he wouldn't be away long. Would yon believe it ? he got all my letters at once; that Mr. HaniB never took the trouble to send them, and Gerald never thought to enquire. Poor fellow, he looks quite pale and ill. But we'll soon have him well again, won't we ? You'll find him all alone—and he's dying to see yon. I'm going to find your uncle, my love, to tell him the good news. And mind, my dear, I think long engagements are very wrong. I never put oS either of my own marriages, therefore you shouldn't either. So if Gerald says anything yon have my consent to name the day as soon as you please. There, I won't keep you now. No, don't go upstairs first, my dear; I'm sure everything's in the right place, and you look all you ought to. Bless you both, my love;" and kissing her future daughter a second time she went off to look for the Captain. Olympia paused at the parlour door, from which Gerald had not run to meet her as soon as he heard her voice in the hall. Why could she not feel overjoyed at Gerald's return ? Perhaps the suddenness of the unexpected news had taken her breath away. But what rose up before her was a blank vision of the end of her work—of her talks —of her advancing journey into the world of a mind that was at any rate higher and larger than her own. Somehow her life of late had seemed as though it would never come to an end—and now, without warning, the end had come. Poor Gerald! No thought of being false to him entered her souL She had not refused a coronet for his and for Truth's sake in order to ask herself, after all, whether love and loyalty are necessarily one and the same thing. She was about to be clasped to her lover's heart after many weeks of parting, and she stood there irresolutely thinking how she should behave. But she opened the parlour door at last and went in. There stood Gerald, leaning against the mantelpiece, with his back to the door. He turned round quickly when he saw her, bnt did not run forward with his old bright smile and take her in his arms. They stood and looked at one another as if embarrassment had tied their tongues. Mrs. Westwood bad indeed told the truth when she reported him as pale and ill. His eyes looked as if they had not been closed for at least two nights before, and he looked changed in other ways besides. Something' told Olympia that he was a boy no more. She was the first to find her tongue. " So you are come back, Gerald?" .she said, falling back npon a stupid platitude for the sake of breaking silence. " Yes, I am back again." "Isn't it strange? Who would have thought it only a month ago ?" "Only a month? Is it possible? It seems to me three days—or else thirty years. Olympia—my mother tells me yon have refused Lord Wendale." " Of course I did." " And—really for my sake V "Whose else? You see you were right, and the skies did fall." " Just as though I thought—Olympia, can you think me such a our as to stand in the way of your being a countess? I am ashamed to look yon in the face" " Ashamed ? What can you mean ?" She who had only of late learned what shyness means felt less at ease with her old playmate than she had been with Lord Wendale. As for him, he Boaroely seemed to know what he was saying. He had evidently begun to repeat a prepared speech, for long ana. formal sentences, like those which For- syth employed as a sort of conversational armour, had never been in hik line. Her interruption, however, seemed to pnt him out, and he broke down. "I mean—give me up—there's a good girl." "Give yon np ? Sure you're joking, Gerald." " Not a bit. I was never so serious—no, not even when I asked yon to marry me. Yon shan't throw yourself away upon me.. I won't rob yon of your chances. I'm not worthy of yon—and Lord Wendale's a million times better fellow than me." This was unheard-of generosity—it ontheroed all the heroes of whom she had ever dreamed. It was, then, the straggle of a sublime self- sacrifioe that made him so confused and pale—so strangely changed. " Oh, Gerald!" she exclaimed, lighting up all in a moment with admiration, " then if that's it I'll never think of a soul bat yoa. I'ld say ' No' to the King!' " 1 won't have it!" he said more eagerly. "-You shall not throw yourself away— I'm not fit for you—• I'm" "But you are, though— I mean it's me that's not fit for you. Who ever heard of anything so grand ?" "Yon really love me then, Olympia? You are quite sure ?" " Oh, with all my heart. Didn't I love you when you were a baby, and would I leave off now ?" "And it was because you love me that yon wouldn't take the Earl?" " Why else ? Didn't I promise to be true to you always ? And so I will." "Then—then there's nothing more to be said, Olympia," he said with a sigh that conveyed no meaning to her. " It's enough for me that you've thrown away being a countess for me. I belong to you—so there. That's over— When shall we be married, and get it all done ?" " Oh, there's no hurry, I suppose. We do very well as we are yet awhile. Have you made your fortune ?" " Well—no. What's that noise ?" "Hush — it sounds like Aunt Car'line listening outside the door. She had on her silk gown this morning, and I might have known she'ld listen when she was going after Uncle John." But Mrs. Westwood was not listening— she was opening the door. If she expected to break in .upon an interesting scene, she was disappointed. Gerald had returned to his place by the chimney-piece'—Olympia had not starred a step from the spot of carpet where she had first taken up her stand halfway between lier lover and the door. -"Gerald—Olympia 1" die sad.' "Why I never saw two inch lovers in my life-^I'm sure thafs not how I stood and stared, neither time that I was engaged. And why shouldn't yon marry at onee, pray? Yon have my eonsent—and that's enough tor everything, I suppose. The course of true love never runs smooth, as my poor bid governess at Taunton nsed to My, bat I should like to know how mneh smoother yon expect it to be ? Come, don't let me nave any more such nonsense. Some people are never pleased, I'm sure. When you didn't know yonr own minds you were in such a hurry it was quite improper, and now yon stand shillyshallying. II there's one thing I abhor it's patting off to to-morrow what yon can do to-day." It had not struck Olympia that there was anything strange in the readiness wherewith her lover had accepted her suggestion that there was no hurry. She knew nothing practically of the orthodox procedure in such matters, though she had lighted often enough in the coarse of her reading npon distinctions between the maiden eoy and the eager swain. She took it quite as a matter of oourse that her will should be his law; and her mind was too much absorbed in greater mysteries to find room for one more. " You are very good to us, aunt," she said, " but I do know my own mind. I made it np long ago. I only" " There, yon see, Gerald. It's you, then, that don't come to the point. Why you're as good as half-married already; it isn't every young man that's preferred to a nobleman. I wish your father would oome in. I want to have it all settled, so that I may see both my dear children married before I die. Yes, my dears, it's quite right to speak of such things. I once Knew a gentleman at Clifton that died suddenly without making his will, which shows we ought to take warning. But where is your father, Gerald ? I've looked high and low. Yes, you may come in, now, Marian. They mustn't expect everything to be tete-a-tete till the honeymoon." "Then it's all settled?" asked Marian, who bad already Been her brother. "Oh dear, what will that poor old gentleman say!" "What old gentleman?" asked Gerald, pricking his ears. " Ah, you don't know what a flirt Olympia has been while you were gone. See how she blnBhes ! Never mind, Olympia, I won't tell tales. Only I must say it's hard on somebody we know." That was Marian's idea of an excellent joke; and it told all the better by making Olympia's cheeks a shade warmer than before. "Marian," said Mrs. Westwood sharply, once more taking the part of lier step-niece against her own daughter, " I'm ashamed of you. Don't listen to her, Gerald. Mr. Forsyth's an excellent man; and the idea of his fluting! It's too absurd. And girls don't flirt when they're engaged, Marian. It's most improper, and I won't hear you speak of such things. You might as well talk of Gerald flirting." " But who is Mr. Forsyth, mother ?" asked the once frank-faced young man, hurriedly, and looking nobody in the eyes. "Mr. Forsyth, Gerald, is a very distin- guished gentleman, a friend of Lord Wendale, who has been good enough to give Olympia drawing-lessons without charging a penny for them. He's a little odd in his ways ; but then he's an artist, ao if s quite proper. I do hate girls never thinking about anything but flirting and match-making. I'm sure I never did, and I won't have it now. Where's your father, Marian ?" "I don't know, mamma, but I rather think he's gone to the Black Prince. I heard from old Mrs. Wicken that the Irish Major'<s there again." Mrs. Westwood's face darkened. "It's very strange," die said, "but quarter-day never comes round without my hearing o. that Irish Major. It was so last time, and the time before, and now it's so again. And ye. I've never set eyes on him, aud nobody seem i to know his business—not even your father, Marian. It's very odd if it's about recruiting, as he fhinks ; for there's never been a young man gone for a soldier, exoept the Yeomanry Cavalry, since I've been here. Whatever your father can want to see him for is more than 1 can say. That's his great failing, my dears; he was always going off to billiard-rooms and places, and keeping what. I call low company; for low that man mast be, or he'ld have brought him here. If he' has to swear him in as a magistrate he ought to have him respectably into his stady, like Mr. Lee, and not go running after him into the village. I declare everything's all at sixes and sevens now; and if your father, my dears, ever thought of keeping a ghost from me, I'ld soon have got at the bottom of this recruiting. But if it means cigars and brandy-and- water, of course one might as well try to get at the bottom of the moon. He's a low, vulgar man, that Major, and smokes clay pipes with, the farmers—that much I do know." " And they say, mamma," went on Marian, " that he's a great friend of Lord Wendale." " No; that I can't believe. Who says so? The aristocracy don't mix with people that stay at public-houses and smoke pipes with farmers. Election time's different, of eoane; my poor father, that knew all the aristocracy for miles, used to shake hands with people he wouldn't have .known by sight on other days." "And, mamma," went on Marian, bait on opening her whole bundle of Gressford gossip, "they say"—but talking of the Captain brought the Captain home, especially as it was lunch-time. He, also, did not look particularly happy; indeed, considering now prosperous and comfortable a man he ought to feel himself,, he always wore a curiously hang- dog look about quarter-day. "Bless my soul, Gerald! come home again ? I'm glad to see you, my boy—very glad, indeed," he said in a voice of misery. "Then I think you might seem a little gladder, John, "said his wife. " Goodgracious me, how your coat smells of tobacco. Yes, Gerald's come back, and now, my dear John, there's nothing left to be done but to name the day." «' The day, my dear ? What day ?" " John, how can you be so dull! Why, the day." " Yes, sir," said Gerald, " I am come back, to marry Olympia, as I hear I have your and my mother's leave." He spoke almost as gloomily as the Captain himself, and took Olympia's hand with an air of defiant resolution. She submitted silently and with downcast eyes. Mrs. Westwood put on the most winning of smiles. "There, John," she asked, "isn't that a picture to make us feel young again ?" The Captain breathed hard for an instant, and his inexpressive face grew unutterably long and pale. For at least a quarter of a minute he stood thus, as though turned into a wooden image by excess of paternal emotion. Mrs. Westwood waited for the benediction that, at her bidding, was sure to come. She knew—and her knowledge had often made her jealous—that her husband furtively loved Olympia as if she had been his own child, and guessed what it must have cost him to forbid the match; what joyful relief it must be to him to follow his own heart in submitting to his wife's will. Gerald and ^Olympia also waited for their doom. At last he Ihrast both his fists deep into his pockets, and the paternal blessing came:— . . . . . . . . It was the first impolite word that he had speken since his wedding-day without begging his wife's pardon on the spot; the fir<it good round oath that had buret frankly out from a full ehest, and without mincing, since Lady Pender had taken his slippery tongue between her nipping finger-nails. It was more than an oath—it was a bomb' shell Mrs. Westwood was hit too hard even to ejaculate " John!" Varlan almost screamed. As for Olympia, she was in a mood that was inconsistent with surprise even had a real cannon-ball dashed through the parlour window. She only felt that Gerald started and let go her hand. She, whose nerves had been ehaagad as if witk a coming thunderstorm even before she saw Gerald, was the only one of them all whe seemed calm before this prodijpouB explosion. Mrs. Westwood was tiie first to recover ber tongue, though the sheer panic of the bully when his victim tuns had taken her breath away. She instinctively clapped hex hands to her ears. " John, yon have been drinking with that Irishman 1" she cried out, and tafcing her hands from her ears, she raised her handkerchief to her eyes. She was cowed in a • moment, and it was only instinct that enabled her to make this feeDle charge. "Drinking? I'm as sober aa yoa are, Caroline, worse luck. I wish I was drunk, by George! This is awful—horrible! Yon don' know what you ve done with your meddling"— "John! My meddling? Was that the word?" But, if Mrs. Westwood was astonished at the Captain'B rebellion, she was not half so much astonished at what he had said and done as he. His explosion was spent. Custom and discipline are a mateh for most mutinies, and he awoke to the enormity of his first outburst of temper during a married life of one-and-twenty years. Nay, even before he had ever seen Lady Pender, the dolt of the Rector of Hitheroote's family had never been known to utter a hot or hasty word. He did not know himself; but he knew only too well that he had rashly displayed a standard which he had no reserves of wrath to sustain. He hung his head, and would have whistled if his lips had ceased trembling with the terrible word that had just left them. " Caroline, my dear," he said at last, " I didn't mean meddling. Gerald—Olympia— I'm very sorry. But I have—I have the greatest possible objection to the marriage of cousins. You know you have the same yourself, Caroline. Yoa said so just before Gerald went away.' "John, how can yon say such a thing! I'm sure I never did; and bo far from objecting, I approve of it highly. If I Baid ' objected'—which I didn't—I meant' approved, 1 and you oughtn't to catch one np for a slip of the tongue. I've known most excellent matches between cousins. We're all cousins, if it comes to that, if yoa go back far enough. I've seen it proved." " Very well, my dear; bat the difference of age—why, she's old enough to be his elder sister!" " John! Which is the older of ns two ? Not by much, of course; but if you mean to say that what difference there is is on the wrong side, I think you'd better have thought of that before." "But, my dear, Gerald isn't twenty-one." "All the better, John. A young man can't marry too soon." "Then," exclaimed the Captain, "there's only one thing to be done; ana if yon won't hear reason, Caroline"—the perspiration was beginning to stream from his forehead, for he was plainly in the pitiable position of being compelled, for some unknown reason, to assert a weak will against a strong one—• "Caroline, Gerald shall not marry Olympia. He can't marry without my consent, and he shan't have that, by—by—by George!" Could this be the Captain? or were Mrs.' Westwood, Marian, Gerald, and Olympia ear-witnesses of a miracle? The two lovers could only stare at one another, not knowing what to say or do. "John! You say shan't to me?" Mrs.- Westwood almost screamed ont. "Then I say shall. 1 " Her husband looked round as if appealing to some unseen help in his extremity. Bat none came. With a groan he escaped from the room, leaving his family gazing at one another in blank amaze. 