THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, FEB. 5, 1875. Thk land question, which perhaps more than aiiyp^liAir hits occupied the attention of legislators in these Colonies, is coining to the front in Vic- toria w Uli Bometliiug c4 its old spirit. It seems tlmtoonsideroble dissatisfaction prevails through- out the Colony that the land should be gradually finding it» way into the hands of a fow mono- polists, and that bona fide selectors-men who would turn it to good account-are excluded front settlement by the greed of capitalists, who geiz* on every opportunity to acquire possession of that which hiui hpon »aid to be the birthright of every J^nglishinu-i. it is evident that there are good grounds for, this dwtyitUtfaplJßn, be cauHe it i» not t!piiiiueil to any paiiiouiu' «Action of the community, but is widespread, and finds 'an echo iu all the principa! newspaper*, though the thick and thin Miniittunai supporters two spmewlint apt to ponh-pooh the «ûinplainta, irrespective of the waU-knewn fact'that they I proceed fron» «juarter» tium which Hier* couJ4 be none more reliable. As the centre of a great agricultural district it waa apropos, therefore, that Ballarat should make the first move towards introducing a remedy for the prevailing evils, and so wo find that a few days ago a public meeting of the citizens was held, chiefly for the purpose of rousing the public to a due sense of their position, and to draw the attention of Par- liament to the imperative necessity which existed for the question being calmly and judiciously considered during the next session. The first resolution Bets forth the viewB of the agitators so concisely that it will be as well to quote, it : " That this meeting, believing that much of our past and present land legislation has been most disastrous to the welfare of the Colony, obstruc- tive of the permanent bond fide settlement in it of an industrious population proportionate to the resources of the land alienated, and con- ducive to a wholesale monopoly of the public estate by capitalists, is satisfied that the time has arrived when the people of Victoria should unite and demand an entirely new land policy, as tile chief means of saving the Colony from the ruin with which, it is thereby threatened ; and that the best method to secure a sound land policy will be by establishing a powerful organi- sation of Colonists of all classes, to be called the Victorian Land ' League, or some other name, for the purpose of initiating and main- taining sucha policy as will-meet the present and future requirements of the.Colony.'' 'The mover of that resolution is perhaps one of the oldest residents of Ballarat, and a gentleman who, apart from his connection with the Presa, has taken an active interest in all. that concerns the welfare of the Colony. In the course of his remarks, he was very severe on the members of Parliament, and challenged any of them to say they were not ashamed of what they had done, or of what they had left undone, in respect to settlement on' the lands. He asserted' that the land of the Colony had been alienated in a wholesale manner ; , in fact, that there hod been a system of plundering carried on in Parliament, and that if Parliament had not been accessories after the fact,' they 'had at least been so before it, for having allowed the plunder- ing to take place and continue so long. While such language is no doubt strong, it contains a large modicum of truth which must be very unpallntable to those men who have apparently shut their eyeB to the evils of the land system, either because it suited their personal intorests or because they were at a loss how to remedy the evils. Mr. Main-the speaker from whom we have been quoting-is not, we should think a gentleman who would make public assertions without having good evidenoe to support them, and when he says that no encouragement has been given for the settlement of the land, and that the property has been allowed .to be monopolised by men who were not entitled to any considera- tion, wo believe the statements are credit- able. Perhaps some surprise may be expressed, that no definite policy was placed before the meeting, but 'we think the promoters, showed sound judgment in biding their timo. It may be mentioned, however, that the resolution, as originally framed, contained the following sug- gestions, which we give to show the direction in which reform is aimed at :-" 1. The State to be the perpetual landlord of all existing Crown lands, and of all freehold lands that may revert to it. 2. A graduated scale of freehold land taxation. 3. A restriction on ' the maximum area of land that may be bequeathed, or that may by right revert to any one individual. 4. Agricultural land, that may be selected, under any title, by one person, or by one family, to be limited, according to its quality and locality, to certain maximum areas." These suggestions have occasioned some discussion, and it is, a fact worth noticing that the second has found almost universal approval as the leading feature of the proposed new policy, "because of its inherent and universally admitted justice" and necessity, and the consequent, certainty of its being assented to ' without hesitation by every reflecting and fair-minded man in the commu- nity." It is held that Australia is the only country in the world where thoie is no land tax, and that in none other is it more imperative. The Leader, which warmly supports the pro- posal, points out that "tho demand for outlay in the formation of roads und bridges, and otherwise fitting the land for civilised occupa- tion, is greater here than in old countries, in proportion to the numbers and resources of the population ; nevertheless, the proprietors of land are exempted from contributing, in tho form of a special tax, to that large .outlay which is incurred in improving" the v.tlue of their propeity, and'the cost of which is borne by the rest of the community." It nlso shows that in Hungary the land tax is ¡.!2Í¡ per cent, of the whole revenue of the Government, and that if the same proportion were to be adopted in Victoria, the land tax would furnish £1,400,000 annually out of the £4,500,000 sterling to which the present retenue amounis, The question is one open to much consideration. A reform so radical as that proposed ought not to be adqpted without mature deliberation, for while »policy may theoretically lie all that is desitable, the objections to its -piactical utility may lie ovei whelming. Still, it is pretty well certain that j Jand. reform ought to occupy the attention of Parliaineirt next session. ( / I VICE-REGAL PICNIC. - Yesterday morning His Excellency Governor Weld, accompanied by tho officers of the Swatara, several of the Ministers, and a number of visitors and citizens paid, on tho invi- tation of His Excellency, a visit to New Norfolk, and the Salmon Ponde, being conveyed thither in two vehicles, The party returned in the evening. A FOOL AND HIS FOLLOWERS.—Considerable commotion and discord was occasioned in the neighbourhood of St, George's Cemetery last even- ing in consequence of a crowd of people assembling for the avowed purpose of capturing, "dead or alive," an apparition, which it is rumoured has been haunting that lively locality for some time past. The ghost-hunters worked themselves up to such a pitch of excitement that several pistol shots were discharged at the supposed phantom, who, however, possessed sufficient earthly sense to "dodge" behind trees. Whether killed or wounded, no trace remained of his ghostship. If there be any truth in the rumour that some foolhardy individual has been, and still is, causing terror among the children and servant girls of the neighbourhood by appearing nightly in " ghost costume, we strongly advise his immediate capture and subsequent cow-hiding. SufrumbCouht.-On Wednesday last inCl*.ainber8 before His Honour tho Chief Justice, the question of coats waa again argued in the case of Nickol*'r. Reeve, in which a lato VordH was given for the plaintiff. The Solicitor General instructed by Mr. Hookey, appeared foi* the plaintiff, and the Attorney General instructed by Mr. Henry Dobson, for the defendant. The case was argued at the considerable length, and at the conclusion His Honour certified ¿or fiosta. Poxiob Covst.-At the Police Court yesterday morning, William Darrell, boatswain's mate on boàrd'of the U.S.S. Swatara, was charged with unlawfully assaulting t/óh'n Henderson, also boat- swain's mate on board the same vessel, on the 3rd just, On the application of Detective Viokers, defendant was remanded till the 11th iust. pjyuTiox 70 IfW Cartbrs.-At the Mayor's Court yesterday a man namoi George Porter was fined 5s. and costs for leaving a uuautity of hay upon the foot and'carriage way iu KliyabotlirStreet. The Mayor very truly remarked that the prsptjae was a most objectionable one, for when a heavy rain came on the gHtters became choked 'by the hay, and the water ran upon tho road, and destroyed it. In extenuation of the oOoiioe, Porter said that he was under the impression that it was rho duty of the buyora to sweep up tho hay. The Act, however, makes the carter ruBponsible for the clear- ing up of any debr'n under a penalty of five pounds. Tasmanian Kauim; Club.-The weights fer the Hurdle Qaoo and Flying Handicap, which were declared yesterday, w11! I>e found in our advertising columns, Other pa,i^icitlarn relrjting to the ensuing meeting aro also specitie'd.'' ' Hack Hokskm von Hobirt Town-Wo are indebted to the Steam Navlyntion Company for the, following information :-" The Southern Cross left Melbourne on Wednesday ujth passengers and a /till cargo, Sho also had on hoard live race lim se«. Tier« wi(t bo no hornes shipped per Tasman on Monday." Spring ItAYMu.vminAUTV.-íOmujili/janilldates nominated for the vacant seat in tho municipality rf ftpt-uut'Bay are Mr. William Morey, nod Mr. Samuel Salmon. TLw »lection is fixed for (he jVthiwtWt K Ragged School Association,-The committee of this association met yesterday at Watchorn-street There were present, the Mesará. Salier, .Gray, , Gellie, Perkins, and the Rev. John Storie. "Mr. Salier was called to the chair ; aud after hearing and confirming the minutes of the last meeting, the Rev. Mr. Storie submitted a communication from tho secretary of the Ladies' Committee, in which she stated that in consequence of the absenco of the Hon. Mrs. Du Cane and oiher ladies who had always contributed most liberally to the fund for giving the annual treat to the children of the acúnela, the Ladies' Committee would not be able to carry it out this year without other assistance *, and requested to know if the general committee could give any assistance to enable the ladies to provide the treat as usual. Tho Secretary was instructed, in reply, to inform the ladiea that in consequence of the very serious debt with which the year began, the heavy liabilities being at pre- sent incurred in building and repairs, and other I unusual expenses connected with the schools, the committee regretted that they were quite unable I at tilia time to afford any assistance towards the annual treat ; and that, in consequence of the extended holidays the teachers had so lately, and the many interruptions of the school work, they did not think it desirable that there should be any treat this year. The committee next took up the subject of the future cleaning of the schoolroom ; and,'after some conversation, it was moved and agreed that the Bcboolroom be for the'future swept and cleaned by some of the older girls ; that this will be a proper industrial occupation in which to train them ; that the eirls he selected and snperin tended in this work by the female teacher in each school ; that an allowance of li. Gd. a week be made for this for each school ; and that, as a good, deal of cleaning and trouble m arranging is caused by the use of these schools on Sundays, the trea- surer and secretary be instructed to secure some small regular allowance towards meeting the ex- penses from each Sunday school. It was remitted to the secretary and Messrs. Salier and Grav to prepare a programme as to classes and the subjects to be taught in each ; the division of work between the male and female teachers ; and a time table showing the arrangements and work of the day ; in order to secure a certain amount of uniformity in all the schools. It was also arranged, that the annual meeting should be' held on Tuesday, the* ] ICth of Februaiy, at half- past seven o'clock ; and . that, if possible, the use of the Mayor'B Court- room, in the Town Hall should lie secured. Messrs. ' Salier, Gray, and the Kev. Mr. Storie were re- quested to prepare the annual report and make all. arrangements for the meeting, ' Benevolent Society.-iThe Executive Com- mittee met yesterday. Present : I)r. Hall (chair- man), Messrs. T. S. Crouch, and Dowdell. One application for relief waa dealt with. The tender of Mr. Pratt, at £2 10«., for printing the annual report was accepted, being the only one sent in. It was decided to distribute a circular to the following effect :-"The Executive Committee of the Hobarton Benevolent Society in forwarding to you the annual report for 1874, beg to call yourattentiontothealte red condition of the financial prospects of the society for the present year. The Government will this year only aid the society to the amount contributed from other sources, aud that not to exceed £400. You will perceive by the report, that subscriptions last year only realized £151 10s. lid., and came from 63 persons-15 of whom contributed considerably more than one-half of tho amount. The committee having laid out in debentures most of the casual legacies made to the society, reaped from the interest thereon last year £145 making a total receipt of Í296 10«. lid. It will, therefore, require additional subscriptions - this year to the amount of £103 9s. Id., to enable the committee to draw from the Treasury the £400 preferred. Supposing the expenditure in relief and management this year to be the same as last, the total receipts muBt amount to £713 12s.< 4d. Additional annual subscribers must therefore be obtained, or tho opera- tions of this society in relieving real destitution be considerably curtailed. The committee, therefore, confidently appeal to you to become an annual sub- scriber to the funds, aud the collector (Mr. Ayton),, will wait upon you for that purpose." Cricket Match.-A match took place'yesterday on the S.T.C.A. Ground, between eleven members of the Operatic Chorus, and au eleven chosen from, our local tradesmen. The morning from the un- settled state of the weather, and the lather heavy showers that fell occasionally interfered with 'the play, but in- the afternoon, tho cricketers settled down to their work. There as been considerable amount of argument lately on the question of what a bona fide amateur really is, but we do not think any one would question the identity of the majority of the players in the match yesterday, as bona fide amateurs, as far as cricket was concerned. The play of course, was nothing very first-class, but it was none tho less enjoyable, to those engaged in it, aud to the on-lookers. There were a couple of re- spectable bats among the teams, but the bowling was terribly weak, and the ball was knocked about on both sides in a most heartless manner. , This will account for the long scores that several made. But it would be superfluous to criticise those who seldom or ever have any practice in a game, that above all ' other games requires in- cessant practice-a hiut by the way that might well be taken by the generality of Tasmanian cricketers. On the sido of the local team, Creswell, Thomson, and Groves went in for pretty heavy scoreB, making respectively 42, 29, and 23, the other double figures being W. Hanson, 21 ; H. Shirley, 13 ; and T. Hanson, 10. Johusou aud Alcock followed suit on the Bide of the opponent», Johnson contributing 10 and 51, and Alcock 16 and 39. In the first inniugs the Opera, team were rather unfortunate, and went iu.for " duck-egg«"in an alarming style, all the wickets toppling over for a total of SO. In the second innings they somewhat redeemed their laurels, and knocked the ball around to the tune of 139 runB at the finale. In the first innings the local team managed to come oft" with 175 ruus to their credit, so that only 15 runB were requircdjto win in their second effort, which number was obtained without the fall of a wicket. The following is the reBult :-Opera : first inniugs, .r>0 ; second ditto, 139. Tradesmen : first innings, 170 ; second ditto, without the loss of a nicket, 16. " How is that Umpires"-The Capricornio», a weekly journal recently started at Rockhampton, > Queensland, publishes a telegram dated "Melbourne, ' January 9th," to the following effect :-" Mr. G. P. j Grace ia a passenger by the I'era, and proceeds to! Tasmania for the purpose of getting married." ' We will add-" well caught." Rkpractory Scamex.-The owner of the whaling1 brigantina Sarah Pile has been very unfortunate with the seamen shipped by him from this port. While at Port William, on the men being ordered to work sa usual, teu of their number refused most positively to attend to their duties. The captain, thereupon sent by a cutter information to the owner, who happened to be in New Zealand, and from that gentleman received instructions to sail for Hobart Town, and give the ofienders up to justice.' The'vesscl reached port yesterday morning, and the refractory seamen were gi\ eu into the custody of the police. They will probably be brought beforo the magistrates at the City Police Conrt this morning. ' , Departure on* the Sr. Osv ni.-The new steam-' ship St. Osytb, left Hobsons Bay on Saturday last, ou her homeward voyage, which it is expeoted will occupy only 50 days. The St. Osyth took over 230 passengers, amongst whom was Cnptain John Fisher, of this city, who formerly commanded the barque Waratah. , Derwfnt S IlILIN« Boat Ci.un.-The second heat for the club cup will be sailed to-morrow aftei noon, the boats starting from the Esplauade at 2*30 p.m. sharp. The follón iug entries ha*, e boen received : Iris (J. Hayle), Foam, (W. Tarleton), Garibaldi, (E. Hales), and Fleetwiug (J. Turner). Hosi'iPAL 1'ATlESTh.-The two patients Ling and Johusou, still continue in the Hospital in a very precarious state. Henderson, boatswain's mate (if the Swatara, who received such severe injuries at the hand« of a fellow-seaman on Wednesday last, ¡b Bomewhat improved. We understand that lie has served in the Auierioan Navy for 32 years, and, is one of the survivors of those who M'eut on Captain King's expedition to the Polar rogions. The Evstern Extension Austrahsia ano China Tblkuiiaçh Company, Limitei*.-Number of paid telegrams transmitted ' through 'this company's cable from Port Darwin, , for the week ending Friday, January 22nd, 1875 : Sent from the colonie* ; South Australia, 9 ; Victoria, 31 ; Now South Wales, 24 ; Queens- land, 3 ; Tasmania, 1 ; New Zealand, 1 ; West Australia, 0 ; total, 69. Sent to the colonies : South Australia, 6 ; Victoria, 86 j New South Wales, i 24 ; Queensland, 1 ; Tasmania, 1 ; New Zealaud, 7 ; West Australia, 0 ; total, 75. Total number of messages, 144. Sr. Patrick's Bksfftt Society.-At a meeting of the above society, held lost evening at their j{a}l, Col}iii3-street, Mr. John Gleeson was elected Treasurer for tho third time, and Mr. M. J. Hoare was elected Secretary 'for the ensuing year. 'Testimonial to Mr. T.'Miu.s'.-At half past 2 o'clock to-day, at Sharp's Crown Inn, Brighton, u nurse of suvoicigns will bo presented to Mr. Thomas Mills, lately proprietor of tho Green Ponds coach, ou the occasion of Ids retirement from the road. St. Mary's Gvnikural-High Mass will lie celebrated at li o'clock on Sunday morning. yne ladies and gontiçmen of the italian Qpeia Company will ling, and the sermon will be preached in Italian and English. Cricket.-A match will be played on the Asso- ciation Ground to-morrow between two elevens seleoted iroiu the Derwent and Break O'Dav Club«. The following is tim Derwent team :- D. Barclay, J. Bennison, \V. Campbell, M. Covordale, P. O. Fysh, jun., C. Lovett, J. Mitchell, A. Road, ty. H. tyaJI-P'-, 'J'. -Whltesidcs, and K. Whiteside», euj.orgcir.ny fj. li. Moir}«. 'rKWPMtAljr'K" .Nf>|:íis*(í.-ï.ist evening a public meeting, ur.iuliU't«d hy ¿bo Y Mtori,i, ir«i4Jt of Aouliab ites, was helil in the Allhnuo Booina.' 'I lio eli dr wa» occupied hy Mr. J. V. 'folm.S'1, Distrint K>il»r, I who wa» supported by the district officer» of the Tent. There was a very good attendance of the | maiubera and (heir friend«. During the «vening several addresses* ire-re g»»**; ¡m4 itanas'and reoita fiow reader«!. THE LATE FATAL BOAT ACCIDENT. - The un- fortunate passage boat Excelsior, arrived in port yesterday afternoon, with a cargo of firewood, from Peppermint Bay. She is in charge of Mr. William Ryan, who informs us that up to the time of his leaving the Bay, at 11 a.m. yesterday, a vigorous, but unsuccessful search had been made for the bodies of Messrs Ward and Hill. St. John's Friendly Society. - Members are requested to meet at St. David's school-room, Huirington street, at half-past 7 o'clock on Monday evening next. Sydney Anniversary Regatta.-We learn from the Sydney Empire of 27th ult., that the Sydney anniversary regatta came off on the preceding day, and was a marked success. The only race of in trest to Tasmanian» was that for All-comers, pulled in four-oared gigs,, in which our fellow-townsmen, J. and G. Lynch, 'in conjuuetion with W. and H. Trickett, in the Greenwich, came off victorious. The following is the Empire's account of the race : ?' Four crews started, iliycock's crew were entered, but failed to secure a gig for the race. Greenwich took a slight lead in the start, any it was at once apparent that they could win as they liked-their rivals being comparatively boys. Young Australian appeared bent upon fouling Greenwich, and the latter to avoid it went considerably out of its course., A fellow in a sculling boat wilfully fouled the' Greenwich The crew, however, struggled away, and went in pursuit of the Young Australian, which >vas leading. Greenwich won the race, though they rowed home with only 3 oars, having broken one more of the others furnished." Tasmanian Salmon.-Referring to the recent catch of salmon grilse at Kangaroo Point, the Mel- bourne Daily Teleçiroph writes :-The two most mysterious and irrepressible natural curiosities of modern days are the sea serpent and the Tasmanian salmon. The former has been putting in on occa- sional appearance for a series of years, and the latter has been caught over and over again, and yet with respect to both the public continue to be dubious. It matters little whether or not the serpent rears its head in mid-ocean,- but.it is of great interest to ascertain for certain if the veritable salmon " leaps " in Tasmanian rivers, ' or swims in the seas adjacent. The latest account is of two .undoubted captures.of the provoking grilse, and the Hobart Town Mercury gives the particulars of I " ti fine specimen weighing iib. (Hoz. This, together with a " taking" , of the previous ,week, accord- ing to our contemporary, "completely upsets' a doubt previously existing, " that a genuine fish had not been captured at lust. There have been so many cries of "salmon," however, from Tasmania that the doubtB in other places will not be completely removed until proofs more positive thau those which have been in course of publication at any time for a number of years are forthcoming. Seeing may be believing with our Tasmanian cousins, but they have bo often been deceived, that nothing less than tasting will be likely to' sitisfy Australian sceptics generally. If even the odd half-ounce of tho last specimen bad been forwarded for practical identifi- cation to some leas Banguine colony, it might have assisted to clear up the doubts which still hang over the piscatorial problem. Second Liohthousk on Kino's Island.-Last ! Saturday's Daily Teln/raph says:-"The Pharos* steamer is under orders to proceed to King's Island f on Monday, with Captain Barnard, ÍI.N., the master warden of the Marine Board of Hobart Town ; ' Captain Stanley, R.N., of the Admiralty Survey Department ; and Captain Payne, R.N., chief harbour-master, who have received instructions to , examine and report upon the suitability of Point ' Netherby for the erection of a second lighthouse ou King's Island. Captain Barnard ia a retired Bear Admiral, and was considered one of the most experienced men in the Imperial naval service, and has been about a year in Tasmania, in which colony he purposes making his home. The necessity of erecting Borne beacon of warning to inward bound vessels, which may he driven, from a variety of causes, so far westward of Cape Otway as to encounter the dangers of King's Island, is obvious from the number of wrecks which are recorded as having occuri ed there, attended in some cases with fearful sacrifice of life. These are the Isabella, 1840 ; Catarnque, 1843 (414 lives) ; 'Brahmin, 1854 (7 lives) ; Maypole, 1855 (3 lives) ; I Aurora, 1805 (I life) ; Waterwitch, 1866 ; Netherby, 1866 These were wrecked on tho west side of the island. The wrecks on the northern part of the west sido of the'islaud were-Neva, '1830 (300 lives) ; Rebecca subsequently got oil", 1843 (1 life) ; Mary Ami, 1871 ¡'Ocean Bird, 1871 ; Loch Leven, 1871 (1 life) ¡ Elizabeth. 1871 ; Whistler, 1871 ; British Admiral, 1874 (79 lives). On the north end of the island tho Martha ^Louisa was wrecked in 1871, and the following wrecks occurred on the centre of the east coast, viz. :-Europa, 1867 ; Armagh, 1868 (7 lives). The old City of Molbourne steamer ran ashore "at the northern end of the east shore in 1861, but was got off. From 1830 up to the ,piesent time ,tlie number of wrecks has 'behn 17, and'tho loss of ' life about 734 souls. On the occasion of the wreck of the Netherby, when the Victoria and Pharos went down to afford relief to the passengers and crew, the Victoria narrowly escaped running on to the same reef, and her commander, Captain Norman, had to signal the Pharos to escape the same danger. The placing of, the light at Capo Wickham, where it at preseut is situated, was protested against by Captain Ferguson, the Harbourmaster of Victoria, the western instead of tho northern side being con- sidered the most eligible. Captain Stanley also reported in favour of a western lighthouse, but Captain Pavno is understood to be opposed to it. The report**vhich tho Government have called for will, no doubt, determine what action shall be taken to give effect to the wishes of the mercantile com inunity interested in tho seaboard traffic between this colony and Europe." 