NOTES & COMMENTS. Ma. Robertson's explanation of the delays in the case of the Queen v. Eckhouse, given on Wednesday evening, was a singular document. First, a charge-is brought whichthe Attorney-General refosre to sus tain ; but he finds a bill on a second charge, and ap points a day for the trial, for which csunsel and wit nesses for tne defence prepare. The day comes, and a principal witness for the Crown is away in Mel bourne, and so the case has tobe postponed. Another day is appointed, and both sides are in court ready to proceed, but this time the Court is not-ready, but is occupied all day with another case. Next day the Crown's representatives are too busy to attend in this case, though we have no lack of briefless barristers and others in fair practice who could as easily have been retained by the prosecution ' as by the defenee. Finally, when both parties are ready again to go on with the case, the Judge declares that he will not take any more cases at the Darlinghuxst Sittings except 'one, and that not this case. What an illustration of 'the law's delays !' In regard to the merits-of the case I have nothing to say, and in feet know nothing. Besides, it is a casfe subjudke, and therefore the duty of the Press is to leave the task of enlightening and beguiling jurymen as a monopoly of the lawyers, But this perpetual postponement of trials, with all the consequent vexation, expense, and loss of time, together with the extraordinary ver dicts which juries often give, and the singular deci sions of coroners and magistrates, all combine to make out a strong argument in favour.of law reform. In England of late they have made wonderful pro gress in this direction, as they have elsewhere ; and we shall soon have in New South Wales, if we hare not already, 'dearer justice and Ires of it at the price than in any other country. One of the few men who have ever advocated law reform in our Parliament recently showed me a digest of the laws of the United States, and said, 'The man who will secure for iiS'such a simple, equitable, and cheap system of law as this will be a benefactor to his. country, worthy of its eternal gratitude.' Of one-thing we may be sure, and that is that we shall 'get no instalment of either this or several other much-needed reforms during the present session. Do honorable members ever mean to go to work ? Nearly all their time has been occupied, so far, in debating whether they will do .anything or nothing. Evgn now they have not quite made up their nundst though the Council has recalled its Vote in favour of closing before Christmas, and not meeting again till April. It even , begs the Government, to introduce nothing but the Appropriation Bill, of other urgent matter ; and if Hie hint is not taken, it will be some thing portentous. Let there be a. short session, by Ml means, and let it be brought back to the proper time of year ; but there are some other ' urgent matters,' besides passing the Estimates, ahd six weeks are not too short to pass two or three measures of which the ? colony is greatly in need — provided there be no further waste of time. - . . : Like everybody else, I went one5 evening to the Exhibition to hear lima de Murska, 1 rite her br . her own simple ahd pretty name be&bse; tiie language has been completely exbausttKL,, -i adjectives suitable for elegant and striking - 'worthy of her musical genius. As a musical critic, my. opinion is not worth much, and therefore I -will not attempt a critique on the performance, but simply confess my own unqualified satisfaction. I have heard many of the musical stars of the old world — some of them at their best — but none w hose singular voice impressed me so muc i as lima de Murska's. . There was, however, a little bye-play going on not far from my chair, which none of the ✓reporters have noticed. The acoustic properties of the building were being discussed, and attention was called to the strings of tape which have been stretched from end to end of the hall to* break the sound. *' Look,' said some one, ' at the vibration -of the middle tape. That is due to the peculiar tone of the singer's voice.' A gentleman near me being rather incredulous about that walked round to the end where the tapes were secured, and there discovered another cause of the phenomenon. Somebody was playing with that identical middle tape whose vibra tions had been credited to lima de Murska's voice. When lie told, me of his discovery, I could no help reflecting that a little sceptical curiosity is some | times useful. Shakespeare has an apothegm that 'there are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy and if ghosts may be among these things-, it is certain that often a very little investigation may trace . up strange phenomena to causes much more substantial. We have another star, in Sydney just now in the -person of the Rev. Charles Clark, of Melbourne. He is- filling the School of Arts to overflowing, and could easily fill a inuch. larger place. And certainly his presentation of Charles Dickens was one of the! best, and at the. same time instructive entertainments ever given in Sydney. From a two- hours' heating of Mr. Clark nine- tenths of the audience 'woulcl learn more of the great writer than they ever knew before, and learn it in the most agreeable maimer possible.' There was one critique upon the lecturer's performance in I one of the papers that was somewhat amusing. The I writer attributes some of Mr. Clark's wonderful 1 power of facial expression to the fact that ' he shaves I close.'' I think it possible that some who heard I his castigation of the Chadbands and Stig I ginses of . society would think the lecturer I was shaving very close indeed. Beyond this I metaphorical shaving — an operation to which he has I sometimes to! submit as well as perform — I am told I that Mr. Clark never used a razor in his life, and nature I alone is to be credited with the absence of hirsute I adornment which the literary critic regarded as add | *ing so much to his power of facial expression. But I whatever may be the philosophy of his power, he is I -unquestionably the best speaker, of beautiful English , I to be found in Australia. I In a work oh Portugal by M. Latouch I came I across the following literary curiosity, taken from a I .modern Lisbon newspaper : — I ' It is now 72 hours since the pious M. A. B. censed to exist. It I is now 72 hours since the most severe affliction has stricken the I hearts of his bereaved relations in their most tender iibres. It is I now 72 hours since he died in the summer of Ills life, as also in I the height and summer of his virtues. It is now 72 hours since I this great man — great in his intelligence and in his practice of I all the Christian virtues— passed away,' &c.;, &c.; I And who was this great and virtuous, cit izen whose I death all Lisbon and all Portugal was thus called I upon to deplore ? A tobacconist whose fashionable I cigar-shop had secured a respectable fortune for his I heirs, and who thought the least tribute of gratitude I which they ought to pay was a liberal donation to the I newspaper proprietor and editor to immortalize the I virtues of their ancestor. I could mention a few I newspapers in this colony whfere puffing paragraphs ? are 'as plentiful as blackberries on an English H hedge/' the advertising character of which is con H cealed from the general public ' for a consideration.' I What do you think of the new post-card system? I So far it has proved a great success, especially to ad ? vertisers, ana if it pays the cost the taxpayers will ? have no reason to complain. But there is another I -class of people who are turning it to good account— I those who wish to vent their grievances publicly, I without fear of the law of libel. For . instance, the I post of yesterday brought me the following message, ? on a decent piece of cardboard, about 5 inches by 3 I in dimensions, with my name and address in full on I the other side. I My dear Sir. — Many thank* for your intelligent critique °a . ? the clause of the ? . ? Yours very truly, ? X. Y. I Now the fact is, this ' clause' was referred to me for a I gratuitous opinion and criticism about six weeks ago. ? It is a matter about which I know little, and in I respect to which my opinion could have little value, if I there were any reasons why I ought to be required to I give one. But my correspondent evidently thinks ? otherwise, and when his card was given t® me I H looked up at the postman to see if there {happened , to ? he a twinkle in his eye, or some other indication that I he perceived the cutting sarcasm contained in this ? missive. I am bound to confess that he appeared ? perfectly innocent, and must therefore' set down my ? suspicions to the score of a guilty conscience. I The example of the Public School League appears I to be infectious, for since its formation we have had I Railway Leagues springing up in all directions, and I now we* are to have a new Land League. Mr. Robert ? son was exceedingly sone about these 'new lights' in ? his speech in the Assembly last Tuesday ; and these ? gentlemen do appear to have arrived 'a day ? too late for ' the fair.' Last year their action I might have been timely ; but having allowed ? the new' bill to pass 'without agitation, it is ? rather early or rather late to begin the agitatiou now. ? Still, there is room for repentance, whenever flaws ? and defects are discovered ; and Mr. Robertson will ? gain nothing by warning off everybody from tliis I subject, as though. he werei the de jure and de facto ? suzerain of all the public lands of the colony. I can ? not say, however, that, all the aims of the Land ? League commend themselves to my judgment-as good ? for tiie country. Their chief aim appears to me to ? make the public domain a monopoly of the free I selector, ana to break up the aquattages by a process I different but still akin to Mr. Berry's recent proposal ? in Victoria ' to burst up the big estates.' We have K. in this colony 208 million acres of land with only 17 ? millions alienated. For many years to come we can H not make the bulk of this unalienated estate worth a H penny for any other purpose than that of feeding sheep ? and cattle. But we need not alienate for this purpose ; ? itwould be enough to give .security of tenure to Crown ? tenants for a definite number of years. . Let areas of H suitable character., -and- extent be set apart for ? settlement all over the colony; let the rest be ? leased on equitable terms, and on the expiry I of the leases let the runs be resumed as fast as ? they are wanted for the genuine settlement of popu ? lation on the soil. That has always appeared to me ? to be the land policy best adapted to the condition of - I Australia; land -if the new Land League were to contend ? f°r this plan, I think they would have some chau e ? °f success. Class legislation always fails of its pur ? pose in the end, and -punishes those who seek it as B much as those against whom it is invoked. ? alethes. I Civii, Service Examinations. — The follow ? candidates have passed foe Civil Soryioe examination in ? {he country districts : — Byrne, Carson, Day, Hambly, ? Mat^anityt Mercer, Miller, Mills, fiheafum, Wilkinson. 