WELLINGTON PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. THE address of the President of the Wellington Philosophical Society, Dr. KNIGHT F.L.S., at the annual meeting of the society, last year presents subjects of much general interest to Australasians. We in day learn from it not merely the example which New Zealand sets us in the cultivation of Science,, but some matters of practical utility to ourselves ; of these we may especially instance two as particularly applicable to our own case, and we are glad to be able to cite the authority of Dr. KNIGHT in favour of opinions which we have ourselves more than once expressed very decidedly 1 on the conservation of forests, 2 on the rise of the land. We extract from his valuable paper his opinions on the first, premising that what is true of California is equally true of the New England states. We reserve what he says on the second for another occasion : " The forests of New Zealand are cut down recklessly at all seasons of the year. I find that in California they are already alarmed at the rapid destruction of their forests, containing the largest and finest trees in the world. It is estimated that one-third of all the available timber has been consumed, and that the whole of the available timber will be consumed in 20 years. One of the worst features of the settlement of new countries is the reckless way in which the timber is destroyed. Not only is the practice condemned in severe terms by thoughtful men in California, but the opinion must be gaining ground that the State should interfere. The only remedy seems to them to be for the Legislature to take up the matter, and by proper laws to provide not only, for the Preservation of the Forests, but for the plant ing of trees pari passu with the settlement of the country. It is maintained by writers on the subject in America, that at least one-third of the surface of any country should be forests - that this proportion between clear land and forests is one which will secure the greatest results in an economic point of view. It is also insisted upon that a fertile country, if stripped of its forests, may be half overwhelmed by desolation from the consequent change of climate. That in fact a country is denuded of rain- gatherers is either dried up in summer or the soil is washed off from the hill sides by the heavy rains of winter. Marsh speaking of the destruction of forests upon the different countries of the earth says : " There are p3x$£ of Asia Minor, of Northern Africa, of Greece, and even of Alpine Europe where the operation of causes set in action by man has brought the face of the earth to a desolation almost as complete as that of the moon. The destructive changes occasioned by the agency of man upon the flanks of the Alps, the Appenines, the Pyrenees and other mountain regions in Central and Southern Europe, and the progress of physical deterioration, have become so rapid that in some localities a single generation has witnessed the beginning and the end of the melancholy revolution." I know no sight more sad than to witness the destruction by fire of forests on the hill sides-those mournful streaks sweeping along the more accessible sides of the ranges, with blackened trunks like Banquo's ghosts here and there in the midst without parallel the most melancholy spectacle of wasteful destruction. I have doubts of the probability of much immediate good being effected in the way of planting in the permanent settled districts of the Colony. But there can be no doubt of our power to stay the destruction of forests on the ranges and on other lands not well adapted for agriculture. Here we have unquestion- able means not only of staying wanton destruction, but of securing the succes sional growth of trees to make good the full grown timber when removed. To plant land with valuable timber is a slow process to preserve what we have is surely our duty. It is on the ranges and highly broken ground that the timber is most effective in a< ameliorating a climate and feeding the streams from which the plains may be irrigated." 