A ROMANCE OF COLONIAL LIFE. " About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who riuaoied, aud I be lieve truthfully, of the l.ict af the blue blood of an oid family coursing through his veins, married and left to settle else where At the nine the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford three pein j- worth of beer fin his Suuua) a dinner, but more frequently cannot. It will easily be understood, therefore, that neither the bridegroom nor the weddi. g was what we sometimes teim "known in or about Balutrat. However a few friends did assemble togetln-r aud wi&n; all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly supped away from us unpve- ceived ard nut missed. W hen I state the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man she kneit beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, aud about which as many cared. Hard work in another colo: y was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark tbe fulfilment of a long and afiec- tionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face Ot tlie tartn, so pu-crd strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brings about. In April last tbe husband was " wanted;' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of souie river-side property in London, the rent roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, but so far re moved as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached Sydney last month told of further favours in store for the for tunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natun.i brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, fcnd of whose whereabouts, and. as eveuts have proved, riches, she had not the ghost of an idea. I recollect some years since hearing it said of the now rich Thames propeity-lioider that he was " a soft fellow, always lending half- ci owns to impecunious friends, and never, as a matter of course, recovering them.' The taunt was rather nicely met by the man at whom it was thrust — " True," he re: ".ted, "I cannot deiiy it, but -did you ever Lear of me having asked for the loan of a shilling, or owins a mau a penny1 His worst enemies could not reply in the affirmative. — Bal- larat correspondent of the i 'h\rs ntt Creek Xetcs. 