MISCELLANEOUS. An affecting sight — Barrels in tiers. - The question ot race — -Who will win ? The trne sailor's knob — His marriage. A pair of rubbers — A washerwoman's bands. To keep jour wife in Constant check, make her dress in plaid. ; Does a young man with one arm haTe an off- hand' way of doing things ? The Irish are a hopeful people— they try to wake the dead. . ! Wht is a ghost like an exciseman ? Because it's sin inn spectre. j , , Red, used on a railway, signifies danger, and eqys ' Stop !' It is the same thing displayed on' a man's note. , Sues. — A countrytown has a horaeshoer who can set 130 shoes in eight hoursl " Not slow, but shoer" is his motto. - ; j By an Old Fogy. — The merriest plaoe in the universe is ju6t beyond the earth's atmosphere, for there all bodies lose their gravity. Provoking. — c"Be provoked mo into loving him!" was a pretty girl's excuse for engaging herself to a man whom she had always profeesed| to hate. - _ | A railway porier who shouts the naino of the station has been Complained of for being in distinct. He wants to know if the public expect first-class tenors for 18s. a week. A married man entered a bachelor's room, and looking round, said, "Very snug — rather too sisag, but I suppose if I had not had a better half I might have had better quarters." - Causes and Effects. — An attorney having died in poor circumstances, one of his friends observed that he had left but few effects. 1 That is not rauoh to be wondered at,' said another, for he had but few causes.' Alone.— A propos of eld bachelorhood, we auite agree with a contemporary who advises young men not to lend themselves to its supports In this sense, as in many others, it is not good for 1 man to be a loan. The Penalty. — A man had better have a milestone tied to his neck and be oast into thb sea than to promise to marry a Texas girl and then refuse. The whole country turns out to hunt him, and he is generally left to grow up with a tree. Pointed Criticism.— There was onoe an in dependent old lady whose comments on the Bible were very pointed. Speaking of Adam's naming all the animals, she said she didn't think hb deserved any credit for naming the hog. Any body would know what to call him. - i Questions for Answer.— In what vehicle did-, the man ride who was driven frantic F When ia man revolves muoh in his mind, does it make him dizzy ? If all things are for the best, where do the rations for the second best come from t\ What is the exact width of a broad grin P A Dying Tribe. — The Seneoa tribe of North American Indians now consists of one old horse, a ohief, and three gallons of whisky. A <ew more setting suns, a few more moons— a brief season— and that three- gallon jag will join its comrades in the bappy hunting ground. Cremation — A sample of Gray's 1 Elegy' re constructed to fit cremation : — Above yon mantel, in the new screen's shade, Where smokes the coal in one dull, smouldering heap, Bath in his patent urn for ever laid, Thft baked residua of our fathers sleep. ' Shut your eyes and listen mil me," said Uncle Yen Heyde. " Veil, de first pight I open store I counts de moneys and find hipi nix right. I oounts him and dere be tree gone j and vat yer tink I does den ?" " I can't say." " Yy, did not count him any more, and he comes out shoost right ever since." A New Occupation for Women. — A lady, through the newspapers, seeks for employment as 1 an " oramental guest." She will assist at dinner or evening parties— by her grace, her wit, and beauty contribute to the entertainment of guests, and sbe will do Averything iu the highest style of art- But she demands handsome compensation. Tastes Differ. — A gentleman travelling through one of the most piet-uresc ae portions of the White Mountain region saw a farmer at work, and, being of a sociable disposition, p- proaobed the man, and expatiated on. the beauty and majesty of the surrounding scenery, con- eluding with the remark, I suppose, my friend; you enjoy this glorious view that people come so far to look at F Why, yes,' was Hie response, but if Fd had the eortin' of these hills, Fd made j 'em a little peakeder. Hard HiTTiNa,— During the Christmas holi« i » days a schoolboy was out with the North Pytohley pack. Landing over an awkward fence, the horse of one of the chief huntsmen made a nasty peck, ' shooting the rider outof the saddle ; but, after frantic efforts, he struggled back into the pigBkin. The youngster, looking on, laughed loud aud long, upon which the huntsman asked, ' Are you jeering at me, sir? ' Of oourse', replied the boy. 'Well, then, you keep your place and I'll keep mine.' 'So I can,' said the boy; 'but I didn't know yours was between your horse's ears. 