Theatricals. «« Nothing extenuate nor set down aught in maliee.' The leading event in the theatrioal world daring the past veefc been the production at the Queen's Theatre of 'Rip Van Winkle; or, the sleep of Twenty Yeara.' The cnooess which haa been achieve! at this house by Mr. J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore, with a good company, is semething unprecedented in the annals of the drama in this city | dm « fcoes w w reaeem the ohar&oter; of our Sydney public from the charge of apathy and indifferenoa to theatrical amusements. It oannot with j ustice be affirmed that legitimate artists, producing sterling dramas properly mounted, have ever failed to seoure remunerative and appreciative audienoes in this city. The playgoers of Sydney are both intelligent and critical ; and -whilst fustian entertainments will aot delude them' 11 ley will always respond cordially to an appeal of a' meritorious character. The Queen' h Theatre, under various designation^, haa been a concert-hall of more or less respec tability, a theatre of . more or leBs pretension; but always jn the long ruu had to succamb to au atrophy in the -financial department.. Then an enterprising management .and a talented oompany arrive upon the scene, expense is lavished upon making the house a creditable and comf jrt ble place of amusement, and the result is that monster audienoes assemble, the treasury is well filled, aud ' all goes, merry as a marriage bell.' 'Struck Uil,' ' Tne Fairy Circle,' and 'Little Nell and the Marchioness' Slave enjoyed carters seldom indeed precedented in this oity. On the final performance of the last- named play the house was filled to overflowing, and similar buocb-s appears likely to attend the present pr .duotion. The legend of Kip Van Winkle is intensely drami'ic in ?its structure, and has always been a popular favourite since the time when Washington Irving presented it to the publio in his ' Knickerbocker Paper s.'^ Ai a spectaoular piny an immense deal might be effected with it— muoh more, indeed, -han ever has been done. Tbe spectre soene of tbe Eaatekill Mountains, introducing the ghosts of Hendrick Hudson and his convivial ' co-mates and partners in txile' playing bowls amid a raging storm, the missiles crashing and Tumbling along the heights with a rever Dera tion resembling thunder, might be wrought up into a sensational effect hardly inferior to that of the iocait&tion; aoene in ?' Der Freysohutz.' The edition of the pi9ca now -being performed at the Queen's Theatre varieB in same respectH from that originally placed upon the stage in Auet alia by Mr. Jefferson, who has in thesa oolonies become identified with Bip Van Winkle.' The chief depart™ e trom the original is in the circumstance that the adapter has caused Rip's ' frow ' to survive the twenty* years sleep, and to have married in the iaterim one Derrick, aa old foe of Van Winkle. This, hiwevr, it might ba imagined, would oiuee rather an awkward o am- plication in the ultimate result, for Hip turns up *' alive ana meiry,' and therefore how he and his wife and Derrick squared matters is somewhat hard to oonoeive. Most of tbe theatre-going publio must be tolerably well acquainted with the play ; but for the benefit of euih as are not, en on line of the plot ia subjoined. Bip Van Winkle, a lazy, careless, bibulous vagabond, always good-tempered, never perfeotiy sober, the idolized of the children in the village of ELuatekill, the tormented of a wife with a temper rtsemblmg (hat of Xantippe, the sportsman whose gun frequently misses its aim, beoause directed by a shaky hand — tbe hero of the piece, in fine, is presented, iu tbe first aot. with his careless companions and his shrewish 'frow. He has, by ohronic habits of intemperance, reduced him elf and his family to poverty, but Etilt all be oares for is the 'sohnapps' bottle, his lazy rambles with his gun ammgst the mountains, and his ' dog Schnleler.' Irritated by his persistent intemperance, Dame Tan Winkle, one night, when he plays upon her feelings by a hypooritioal penitenoe, whilst at the same time laughing in his sleeve «t her orcdulity, turns him out of dx-rs ; protesting that as the house is her own property she will no longer shelter a drunkard. A terrific storm ia raging. Bip wanders forth amongst the mountains, and is encountered by a gnome bearing a keg of sohnapps. The Dutohman is induced to carry the burden to a recess in the heights where the spirits of Hendrick Hudson and his roystering companions enjay themselves, tippling their favourite beverage and playing bowls. These convivial ghoBts weloome Kip, and invite him to pledge them in a goblet of (it is to be presumed) o, p. Hollands. After quaffing this, Rip's aenaea forsake him, and he falls sBleep upon the sward— a slumber that lasts twenty years ! He then awakes, a. patriarohal old man, with a flowing white beard; aohes and cramps in every joint ; and his voioe, formerly so mellow and jovial, reduced to a quivering pipe. Still he imagines that be haa slept but a night, and makes his way to tbe village below, where he is derided by fhe idlers, but gradually acquires a knowledge of the truth, and ultimately villainy is punished and virtue rewarded, as it invariably ia in melo-drama, though seldom jn actual life. Had Mr. Williamson played Rip Van Winkle before his impersonation of John Stofel, he would have been much more appreciated by the public. As it is, most people are prepared to affirm that one part is but a oopy of the other. Yet this is not so, nor oan it be the case, considering the utter dissimilarity between the two characters. Bip Van Winkle, the oareless, jovial, ' happy-go-lucky ' tippler, whose^ only Relight is his reckless existence, and only oare is to eVade the wrath of hi* acid tempered wife — who has a joke for every reproach, and is as indifferent to his 'frow'e' reproaches as he is insensible of her caresses — Rip, the feeble old man, dragging his half-paralyzed limbs into the village, ascertaining gradually the real aspect of matters, ohuokling over the fact that his wife's ' clapper _is stopped at last,' then rebuking himself with the reflection that ' she led me a hard life, but ehe waa mine frow and tbe mother of my children ;' again, when he ascertains that ehe ia still in the fl- ah, and married to Derriok, refloating with grim satisfac tion, ' I knew that man wouldn't come to a good end ' — aU this ia most aztistioally and vividly pourtrayed by Mr. 'Williameon. Be haB the true tact of masters in his profes sion, to make the most of every point, but to avoid exag geration, to be satisfied with ' enough of a good thing,' and not to endeavour to gild the precious metal, or treat the lily with a coat of whitewash. His delineation throughout was most masterly, and was muoh appreciated 'by the audience. Miaa Maggie Moore, as Meeaie Van Winkle (Kip's daughter), haa but little to do, and in that little she hardly appeara to advantage. Mrs. Woold ridge deoidedly deserves the second honour of the perform ance for her very artistic and feeling imperaonation of Dame Van Winkle. Mr. Milne, aa Derriok, is an ogre like villain ; and Mr, Andrews as his nephew, and Mr, Holloway as Meene's sailor- sweetheart, have parts which might be played by any utility-men in the theatre. The same remark may apply to the other characters. _ The scenery, comprising views of the Kaatakill Mountains, is from the facile brash of Mr, W. J. Wilson, and is worthy of every encomium. The management ef the Viotoria Theatre have been ?making strenuous efforts to overcome the damaged reputa tions which the lingering career and premature expiry of the Opera Company have cast upon - the house. The Italian artistes remaining in 8ydney and a good stook -dramatio company,- with Miss Adelaide Bowring as the 'star,' have been engaged, and opera and drama produoed ?every evening. But the directors oannot be congratulated Upon snv good taste in the programmes presented to the fnblio. Instead of lively comediettas and _ farces, with jutiiciotiB operatic selections, to whioh ample justioe might nave I een dr-ne by the really talented artistes engaged, we bad such sentimentality as ' Bast Lynne ' and Leah,' or at best a few scenes from a popular comedy, *®d npon ether occasions full operas with amateur prtm ? an apology for a chorus, and a weak oroaestra, ?How could it be expected that the publio would respond to «t»ch an invitation bb this ? The enterprise of the manage ment mey be commended, but their want of taste is de plorable. With the elements at their command, really ?tti active entertainments mightbave been plaoed upon the ®w»ds; but, is it is, the programme has be -n little accept able, ai d the attendance consequently poor. At the Masonio Hall ? Mr. and Mrs. George Case (Miss «rece Egertoi ) have been attracting l«rge audienoes in l e'r series ot iarewell performances, Mrs. Case is an old avourite with the Australian publio. Since her departure in in Sydney ia lt68 she and her husband have visited wdia twice, appeared in China, -Japan, California, the XJntted btates, and Canada, besides a three years' teaUence in Great Britain, during whioh they gave their perform m^nces with great success. That their names are si ill potent is manifested by the very large avdienoes that have est enabled sinoe their re-appearance. Mrs. George Case is the same tbat she ever wae; Bhe has lost none of her ver ?. eatility, none of her humour, none of her histrionio p ?wer', and she can sing a good song with voioe and expressioa not in the least impaired, but, if anything, improved by her experience in other climes. Mr George Case I* a gentlemanly support to the impersonations, and his instrumental solos prove him to be a musioian of no mean capacity. muoh has been written snd said about the ' Royal Marrionettes,' at the School of Arte, that it would be superfluous to add anything at this juncture. The entertainment haa certainly been one of the most legitimate suocesses ever achieved in Sydney, having drawn enormous audienoes, both to the matineis and the evening performances. There has been bat one change of programme, namely, the substitution of thedomffctic tragedy of the 'Babes in the Wood' for ' Little Bed Biding Hood.' It may safely be averred that we have never had an entertainment of the class, from , which so muoh amusement was to be derived. From the 'withered ilder' to the boisterous juvenile, all must take delight in the sprightly and truly humorous performances of tbeBe little puppets. They are advertised to close by the 28th jroximo. REIMA, Football.— Wallaboo v. JBalmain.— These clubs met on Moore Park, on Saturday last, aud were kept waiting nearly half-an-hour for two members of the Balmain team, their captain declining to commence till the defaulters turned np. The Wallaroos having won the toss took the cor them goal, and , with the wind and ground in their fav ur had it too much their own way to interest the spectators, the suburban club showing no resistance at all till half-time was sailed, in whioh time they had been obliged to toucih the ball down fifteen times ia their own territory, and the Wallaroos had three times narrowly escaped scoring a goal, twioe by drop kicks from Bbsworth and once by a similar sick from K. Arnold. At half-time, cn the request of the Balmain skipper, goals were changed, and the visitors, having the natural aids with them, played with far better spirit, so much so, as to give the wallaroos hard work to shake them off for some time on one ocoasion, even foroing Simpson (a Wal laroo back) to touch behind to save a worse calamity. However, this had ihe effeot of showing the ' blaok deni zens of tne hills ' that they muBt not hold their opponents too cheap, and with a grand onslaught frqpi the forwards they ran the ball wellnp the hill, almost to their oppo nents' stronghold, and there it remained till Thallon made a good run and pasBed the goal llae, bat unfortunately lost the ball before he could touch it down. The Balmain men now seemed to be getting baked, for before time was called B. Arnold and Bbsworth had each obtained a touoh -down for the Wallaroos, whioh, however, had no result, acd their opponents were compelled to touoh behind twioe more. The kick from Bbsworth's touoh-down finished the play, and as no goal was obtained it was a drawn gam . the tally, showing that the Wallaroos had obtained two touches down, and touched behind onoe, while the Balmain did not succeed in obtaining a touoh down at all, but had to touch down seventeen times. Daring the play it was dis covered ttiat one of the Balmain haif-baoks had steel brads in the so.'es of his boots, 8uch a praotioe cannot be too loudly condemned. It is from suoh breaches of the rules that serious accidents happen whioh tend to bring this noble game into disrepute; and we think that if the indi vidual members of the teams are not to be trusted, the captains ought to institute an inspection of boots prior to every match. The teams were: — Wallaroos: B. Arnold (cap ain) and E. F. Simpson, backs ; Q. Brady and E. Bbsworth, „ half-backB ; F. Cory and H. D. Stuparr, quarter-backs; M. Arnold, E. S. Cape, Tiley, B. W. Robertson, A. Metcalfe, Qrahame, Thallon, G. A. Thomp son, and Beau, forwards. Balmain : W. Murdooh, G. T. A, Teece.and H. Bridson, backs ; T. E. 0. Ward (captain), Goodriege, and fiotton,hali-baoks; J. WaUgh, D. Waugh, G. Murdoch, Spreaohely, H. H. Hayman, W. Hunt, fl. Monro, Thornton, J. Jeffreys. Hukting. — The members of the Sydney Hunt Club met at' Pariamaita on Saturday last, when they had a capital run after a dingo. Amongst those present were Mr. W. P. Bowes, on Maopregor ; Mr. £. Terry, on Huntress; Captain Airey, on No Doubt; the Hon: K. K. Cox, on Walkover; Master Cox, ou Lantern; Master H. Lamb, on a grey; Mr. P. Gleniater, on Playboy; a straight- going stranger, on The Monk ; Mr. Moeaman, on a buy; Mr. F. Weston, on a chestnut; Mr. Fttllagar, on his grey; Mr. E, Town, cn oheBtnut Rocket; aud the whips, Mason and Gradwell, on Charlie and Basper. The hounds threw-off to the right of .the line, and after a short drag had warmed them up, the dingo was turned down; and, taking them away at a rattling paoe, held his own for about four miles, when he was run into and killed, the paok making short work of him. After the death of the dog, a drag waa Jaid, and other huntsmen were treated to a good spin and some fine fenoing, the only 'purl' going to the acoeunt of No Doubt, who cannoned against Charlie when taking off. The hounds meet again on Saturday, at Greyatanes, near Parramatta. Victobian Institutions — The report of the trus tees and sectional committee of the Pubiio Library, Museums, and National Gallery of Victoria for tha year 1874-6, has been presented to the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Ramsay. The Argus gives the following summary of its oontents The total number of printed books aud pamphlets in the library at the end of March, 1875, was 81,046, showing an inoreaae of 8697 over the number of the previous year. Tbe number of visitors to the entire building during the year was 406,256, of whom 242,842 entered the library. The several sections of the Industrial end Technological Museum had been considerably increased during the year, valuable additions having been made in the mineral, vegetable, and animal aeotiona. The National Gallery Committee, in referring to the completion of the new gallery, express their opinion that it will afford the publio better facilities for appreciating the works of art, and tbat greater justice will be done to the paintings. The master of the school of painting, Mr. Vou Guerard, reports an inoreaae in the interest shown in this portion of the institution, and expresses his opinion that the love for fine arts shown by our colonial population compares moBt favour ably with all the other countries with which he is acquainted. The master of the school of design (Mr. Clark) also reports favourably of this branoh, although considerable incon venience has been felt by the want of sufficient aocemmo dation. Mr. Clark suggests that annual prizes wonld con duce greatly to the benefit of the school. It is stated by the General and Building Committee that the sum of £2700, voted for the oompletiou of the new pioture-gallery, \- has been exoeeded by about £200, and a further sum of £200 will be required to form an approach to it from the chamber at present occupied as a gallery of art. With regard to the National Museum, a complaint is made of the Insufficiency of acoommodation ; but the Seotioual Committee report that anart from this the museum has con tinued in a satisfactory state during the year. Post and Telegraph Depaktmbnt of Victoria. — The report of the Post and Telegraph Department of Viotoria was presented to Parliament last Tuesday week. The report shows an increase in postage collections over 1873 of £6036 ; the amounts being— 1873, £148,061 ; 1874, £164,097. The reduction in the intercolonial ship rate from 3d. to 2d., and ihe reduction of postage on inland newspapers, has occasioned a loss of revenue on these two items of £2600. There has also been a falling off in the telegraph revenue of 6J per cent., notwithstanding the lare ely -increased facilities afforded to the publio. The revenue for 1873 was £46 322 ; in 1874, £42,826. There has been an increase in the gross expenditure of £11,720. The total expenditure amounted to £301,882 7s. 3d.; the revenue to £196,923 Os. 2d., showing a defloit of £104,969 7s. Id. The total number of letters received and dispatched during fhe year was 16,738,888; newspapers, 6,866,918; and packets, 1.269,822. The statement of accounts of the Post offioe Savings' Bank for the year 1874 showed that the balance from 1873 waa £603,623 16s. 4d., the depesite re ceived during the year amounted to £461,873 Is., ana me interest credited to depositors for 1874 was £22,726 Is. M, The repayments to depositors 'or Ihe year amounted to £461,132 19s. 6d., leaving a balance due to depositors of £637,089 18s. 7d. The expenditure on aooount of the Post offi'p Savings' Banks during 1874 was estimated at £27,726 la. 8d.t being £3600. salaries, £14U0 contingencies, and £22/726 Is. 8d. interest 