GENERAL NEWS. SHAMROCK, THE IRISH BADGE OF HONOUR.-The wild trefoil was very highly regarded in the superstitionVof the undent Druids, and tiaB still,medicinal, virtues of a particular kind accredited to it by the more remote Highlanders of Scptland, where it is culled according to the ancient rites. " In the list of plants," saya a Scotch 'statistical writer, "must be reckoned the seamrag, or the wild trefoil, held in great estimation of old by the Dr uids, It is still considered aa an anodyne in the diseases of cattle»' from this circumstance it has derived its name, seim/i, in the Gaelic, signifying pacific or soothing. When gathered it is plucked with the left hand. The person thus employed must he silent, and never look backjiU the business be finished." This jstbe seamrog, or sham rcffi .worn by Irishmen iri: their hatr, as O'Brien says, "by/ way of. a cross on St. Patrick's day, in'm.ttnorv of this ?great saint." It is said, that' when St. Patrick landed near Wicklow to convert the Irish in 433, the Pagan inhabitants were ready so stone him ; he requested to be heard,' aud endeavoured to explain God to them as the Trinity in Uuity, but they could not understand him, till plucking A.treloil, or shamrog, from the ground, he saidy "Is; it not as possible fois the Fa^h^r, Soi\\. and r Holy Ghost, as for these- three leaves jo' grow upon a single statlcT^^Thebj 'Sspyg Brand, "the Irish wer.fc, immediately convinced,' and . became converts?'", to Christianity; and, in-Memory of .which, event,1 the Irish ha\£ ever since worn the sh'amrog, or shamrock, as a badge of honour."' The SCOTTISH Thistle.--The origin of! the naii9nel badge is thus handed doww by J tradition:-When the Danes invited I , Scotland.'it was deemed nnwarlikfiJiAigwH UKH.IJIIVUCU UUIMV wj v.,.y i but on oh e oc casion, the invaders resolved to.avul them selves of a stratagem, and, in order to' pro vent their tramp being heard, they marched barefooted. They had thus nearecf the Scottish force unobserved, when a ;l)ane unluckly stepped his foot upon a superbly priQked thistle, and uttered a cry of j pain, which discovered the assailants to tho^cots, who ran to their arms, and defeated the foe with great slaughter, The thistlp was immediately a'dopted as the insignia of Scotland. A DEAF .MAM'S MISTAKE-Old Mr. Collamer, one of the members of our church, is .extremely deaf. Lust Suuduy .the clergyman, (luring his sermon, had occasion to introduce a quotation, mid as it was quite long, he brought the volume with hint, and when the lime came he picked up the book and began to read it. We always sing the Old Hundred Doxologv nt'ier sermon at our church and Mr. Collamer, seeing the pastor with the book, thought the time had come, so while the minister was reading, be opened his hymn book at the place. Just as the olergyman laid the volume down, the man hitting next to Mr. Cpllamer began to yawn, and Mr. Collamer, thinking he was about to sing, immediately broke out into Old Hundred at the top of his voice. AB the. olergyman wnjjju^t beginning "Secondly," aud as, of course, there was perfect silence in the church, the effect i.f Mr. Collamer's vociferation was very startling. But the j good old mnn didn't notice that anything was the matter, so he kept right on and sang the entire verse through. When he I concluded he observed that^ everybody else seemed to be quiet excepting a few who ! were laughing; so he leaned over and said out to the man who yawned, "What's the j matter with this congregation anyhow? | Why don't they go home?" The man turned scarlet, and the perspiration broke out all over him, for he felt that the eyes of the congregation were upon him, and he knew that ho would have to yell to make Mr. Collamer hear. So he touched his lips with finger as a sign for .the old,man to keep quiet. But Mr. Collamer mis understood the motion. "Going to sing another hymn, bey ? Albright I and he began to fumble his hymn-book again. Then the sexton sailed up the aisle, and explained matters out loud to Mr Collamer, and that gentleman subsided, while the minister proceeded with his discourse. The elders have written Mr. Collamer a note requesting him in the future not to join <he sacred harmony. The effect is too apparent upon the ribald boys in the gallery.-Max Adeler. OUE Amerioan cousins have very pecu liar or praotioal notions about their news panel's. Their proprietors of broadsheets make no secret of it that as they supply news at a largo oost to themselves, and by means of which their readers gain valu able information, and make money, or are put upon their guard against losing pro perty, they ought to pay for their papers. "Those who pay their subscriptions go to heaven; those who don't, go to tho other place. And if old Kick has a d<J\vn on any one who goes below, it is on those who don't pav for their newspapers; no receipts produced, no quarter allowed. Hero's a caso. A dofunct subscriber falls to the lot of Niok of the Bottomless Fit, and not having a reoeipt, he is handed over to the 'P.D.V who havo orders to 'give it to him hot.'t Cases of scandal, divorce, and swindling, reported in the journals have to be paid for; and the devil likes to read them, and will punish defaulting subscribers," They Bboujd lecuro their receipts, Mr. Gladstone, "in his Expostulation quotes the following statistics to show that, although the conversions to Boman Catholicism are numerous amongst the highest class in England, tln-ru is no such tendency amongst the mass of the peoploUsually, in this country, a movement in the highest class would raise a presumption of a similar move* ment in the mass. It is not so here. Bumours have gone about tlint the pro portion of members of the Pupal Church to the population has increased, psprciully in England. But these rumours would seem to be confuted by authentic figures. The Bomon Catholic marriages, which supply a competent test, and which were 4 89 per cent, of the whole in 1854, and 4't52 per cent, in 1869, were 4*09percent, j in 1869, and 4'02 per cent, in 1871." The following is from the Wan/ivy ton Republican"Oneofthe most mysterious i problems now puzzling certain ofllciuls of' tho district of Columbia is that of . Little Katy.' Eight years ago, one cold Octo ber afternoon, a little barefooted hungry girl was walking Pennsylvania- avenue, soliciting alms. She was bright, winsome, and appealed to strangers hearts with i something more than the mere insignia of charity. A gentleman met her. She mo destly extended her palm to him. He made no response. There was something in tho child's look which rivetted him to tlie spot,. He stood as ono 'transfixed, and gazed with deep earnestness into her face. There was a look that rpminded him of one very dear, ' flesh* of hi& flesh, and bone of his bone.' Ho simply asked her for her fitime, and she'replied;'Katy,'* and without another word ho measuredly walked down the s.tnaet, filled . with thoughts of an empty cradle at home, and murmuring to himself the words of the song'Katy's Come/ Tho mournful 're*' frain of the song had hardly gerighed with the setting raysofjtheaun when ho p,att)icd before the registrar's office of the district. Entering'it, he' deposited * 7O0d.of. worth of Washington^ Corporation' &jtook;, with the single remark, 'In tvufit' for. LiHlo Katy.' This was on the 4th of .October, 1866\. The stock was then worth BBjSdol. The interest on it up to thjs tini* (£>«£. 1, 1874).i8400dol. The entire still remains on the regUtrar^UoaSa'-iii favour of'Little Katy.' ThegentTeman's name 'who deposited it no one knows, Who 'Little &aty;' is no one knows j but the fact is still alive. Who will unravel the mystery/and what Kate will get the money P" * . 