MISSIONS. Ashantee Missionary Openings.— At a very interesting conversazione, held by the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird, Sir John Glover, who bore so distinguished a part in the campaign of the early part of this year, the Rev. Mr. Ramseyer, who with his wife underwent a captivity in chains of four years, and the Rev. Mr. Schrenck, also of the Basle Society, attended to give infor mation. The meeting having been opened with prayer by the 'Rev. J.W. Reeve, Mr. Kinnaird said : — ' Having been asked by my friend Mr. Hutchinson. of the Church Missionarv Societv. to invite vou here in order to introduce to you two missionaries who are devoting their days to further the cause of the gospel in that portion of the West Coast of Africa which lately was ravaged by war, it gave me great pleasure to comply with his request.' A brief explanation was then given by Mr. Hutchinson of the position of the Church Missionary Society in introducing to the notice of the Christian public the Basle Society instead of itself entering on the newly-opened mission fields. He paid a warm tribute to the character and labours of the agents trained at Basle, many of whom have served in our own society's ranks ; and he also spoke most warmly of the services rendered to the missionary cause on the coast, and to the cause of freedom to the enslaved by Sir John Glover. Sir John Glover then came forward and proceeded to speak of his debt of gratitude to the Basle Society in the celebrated march on Coomassie. It was from their converts alone that help could be obtained, and the aid thus derived was of various kinds ; for not only do the missionaries teach the natives how to live for the next world, but for this also. Hence there were among them trained artificers of every trade. And then, in military service, too, 200 of the most reliable of his levies were the native Christians — men who were an example in their daily devotions. Everywhere on that memorable march the missionaries and the mission stations were most serviceable, all needful hospitality and assistance being shown ; and, from his own observations, he would give the assurance that the Basle missionaries would be faithful stewards of anything that might be entrusted to them. The Rev. Mr. Schrenck (German), for many years one of the society's missionaries on the Gold Coast, gave a general account of the mission. It began as far back as 1827, and embraced a line of country about 350 miles in length by 90 in. breadth. So far was it from being essentially unhealthy, that one of the missionaries had laboured there 32 years, and others for 27 years. Connected with the mission there were abont 2500 Christians, of whom 1100 were communicants ; schools, with 1060 scholars ; and a Theological Insti tution at Akropong, in which 68 male and female assistants, had been WainecL Industrial training was also (as Sir John Glover had stated) an essential feature of the mission work. The Bible had been trans* lated into two languages ; also hymn-books and several other books. He added that the general income of the Basle Society was about £40,000 a-year, and that they could not have thought of the proposed extension of their work into the Ashantee Kingdom but for the noble manner in which the C. M. S. had come forward to assist their appeal. The Rev. Mr. Ramseyer (French Swiss) gave a graphic account of the four years' captivity of himself and wife in the Ashantee Kingdom, the details of which will shortly be given to the public in his journal. Three years of the time were spent _ at Coomassie itself, and of this place he emphatically said, ' It is a town of bloodshed.' There was no exaggeration in the accounts given of it by the war correspondents. The king had 150 execu tioners — including men of grey hair and boys of seven years — the office being hereditary. They wore a hat of tiger's skin and a girdle of skulls, and every day, except Friday, there was one or more executions. When a chief died, slaves were killed to be his attendants in another world, and the funeral of the last king was, for this cause, marked by 1400 deaths I Fearful, indeed, was the ordeal of that three years' sojourn, and terribly harrowing the process by which the long delayed but joyous deliverance was wrought on the advance of the English armies from three points. This captivity must, he said, bear fruit, and he called on his hearers to pray for the Ashantees, and, by co-operating in the new mission, to be ' fellow- workers with Christ.' A Christian Conference in Kaffirland.— Major C. H. Malan (whose book we recently reviewed) has gone out to South Africa to prosecute evangelistic work, having, as fellow-helper, Robert Radley, formerly a private soldier in the Major's regiment. Together they have been holding a conference of native Christians, after the manner of Mildmay-park. The account of it (in the Christian) states that ' of from 150 to 200, only two were whites. Addresses were alternated with prayer and praise. The selection of appropriate Kaffir hymns was wonderful. The elder who spoke after me followed on the words, ' Come unto me.' He is a very faithful brother, an earnest labourer for the Lord. Another faithful elder followed him, speaking on John vi. 51. I never saw such marked attention. I would gladly have continued, but many had come from far, and needed food. So after about three hours' conference, I closed our first meeting. Many had been deeply affected. A second meeting took place in the even ing, and a third on the following day, the visitors being entertained between times. Two sheep of my flock, a goat, meaties, and tea, provided for all. I made the men serve the women, a thing quite contrary to Kaffir custom ; but I told them it was according to God's Word, giving honour to the weaker vessel, and as we do in England. Then the younger men waited on the elder. For the night all went to the houses of friends. I put up my elders and two teachers, seven on the floor of my drawing-room, three in my study, one in the dining-room, The last address, by one of my Evangelists, an elder, a poor, humble Kaffir, was most beautiful. He took John xiv. 1, and, referring to the call the Lord had given us, ' Come unto Me? ' Learn of Me? he added His command, 'Believe in Me.' He dwelt on the love of God, the love and power of the Lord Jesus, the gift of God the Holy Ghost, by whose power Satan was driven out of the heart. The word of Jesus alone powerful ; His word enough ; believe it. 'It is written' enough for us. He spoke earnestly, with great power.' Missionary Wall Papers for China. — Some curious specimens of the new system of photo-lithography as applied to Chinese have recently been brought to our notice. They consist of a series of ' Wall Papers,' intended for gratuitous circulation in China, each of which contains in the centre a large engraving of a Bible subject, taken from the British Workman, and on either side a description in Chinese, rendered in the words of the Bible. These Chinese characters were penned by a Chinese scholar, and by means of photography were transferred by Messrs. Partridge and Co. to stone. They have, therefore, all the appearance of written characters — a circumstance which will, we doubt not, attract the attention of the Chinese, who have the taste to prefer the rounded and easy strokes made by a native brush to the hard and angular lines stamped by the metal type usually employed by foreigners in printing Chinese. An American Episcopal Missionary Meeting. — An Indian's Speech.— One of the features of the session of the General Con vention of the Protestant Episcopal Church in New York was a missionary meeting held in the Academy of Music, which The Clmrch~ man describes as ' the most remarkable religious meeting ever held on this continent.' The immense building was thoroughly packed. Music and singing seem to have been an important feature in the proceedings. One of the speakers was a Santee Sioux Indian, Mr. Henry Whipple Waumdixun, twelve years ago a heathen man as wild as any of the race. Speaking in his native tongue (translated by the Rev. S. D. Hinman), he said : — ' My friends, I have come here for no other purpose but to see the missionary spirit and the missionary assemblies of the church. Sometimes in our country we see a very large flock of white geese, and among these geese one black one, and I seem to be that black one in this large assembly. In what, then, am I different from the people that I see here ? When I come to the East, I find that as I walk along the streets, as I go into the houses, as I go into the church and sit down in the congregation, I am noticed because I am different. If an Indian were walking here in your midst without purpose, he might be ashamed of all this ; it might confuse him ; but I know that, although I am walking among strangers, yet all these I see before me are my brethren and sisters in the Lord. It seems improper that an Indian should arise in such an assembly as this to speak to them, but you have permitted me to do it, and in my heart I am very glad. My friends, you desire to send the church among the Indians of the West, but it is a very difficult thing to do. All those people are sitting in great darkness. The Indians were in darkness at the West, and the Government, through it? officers, promised to teach them how to live, and oar fathers, the ohief. men, asked of the President that He wouicl show them how to live like men, and they asked, among other things, that they should have a religion and a church, and he gave it to them, and they received it, not knowing what it was. They told the Great Father thatif he would give them a church they would give up all their Indian customs and dances and religions, and that they would turn themselves to the church. But they were not faithful to their pro mise. They received the church, and they kept also their Indian customs ; and all at once a great judgment from God in heaven fell down1 upon them. And so we came into great trouble, and it was while we were in trouble and distress that we seemed to find our selves in the same place that the prodigal of old found himself when he had wasted his father's goods with bad deeds and riotous living, and we were led from repentance to say, ' I will arise and go to my Father and say to Him, I have sinned against heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son.' And it was only when, from the grace of repentance, we had discovered the evil of our ways and returned unto God, and understood Him properly, that He has now received us into His arms, and we have received into our. hearts the blessings of the gospel. We have now, like the other children, the ring and the fatted calf. We have been through great trouble with the messengers you have sent out to us, but now that we have learned their ways, we mean to hold on to them, and to stand by them, and go with them to the end.' Return of the Deputation from Madagascar. — A crowded and influential meeting was held to welcome back the Eevs. Dr. Mullens and J. Pillans from a prolonged stay in Madagascar, whither they had been sent by the London Missionary Society to inquire into the genuineness of the desire of the people for Christianity, as manifested by the public burning of idols in the island some few years ago. The Rev. Dr. Mullens, in an address occupying over an hour in delivery, expressed his own and his colleague's gratitude to God for preserving them in a perilous enterprise, and permitting them to return again to England to give an account of the success of their mission. After dwelling upon the natural beauties of the island, the healthiness of the climate, and the comparative scantiness of the population, he said that the inland province of Emerina was the principal district in which the society conducted its operations. On arriving there his colleague and himself at once proceeded to visit the mission stations scattered all over the island, and they found so many indications of real spiritual life among the native population, that their hearts were rejoiced and moved to thankfulness for so great a blessing. It was not, however, to be expected that the whole of the 300,000 idolators who had suddenly abjured heathenism by destroying their idols would at once become matured and exemplary Christians. About 60,000 of them had been enrolled as nominal members of the Christian church, but even among these there were doubtless many who were not ripe for membership, the same as is the case in the churches at home, although he believed nearly the whole of the 300,000 were open to receive instruction, and to be guided in their lives by the doctrines of Christianity. After all there were at least 25,000 real trustworthy Christians in whom the missionaries had every confidence. Such was the work of only five or six years — a phenomenon which he believed had never before been seen in the history of the Christian church, and he looked upon it as a great gift of God's loving favour, not only to Madagascar, but to all the Evangelical Churches at home which had taken part in Madagascar Missions. While he was in the island he had esteemed it a great honour to attend the opening of a Memorial Church erected on the spot where fourteen Christian missionaries had been martyred in 1849, and he thought it was a remarkable coinci dence that the church dedicated to their memory should have been opened on the twenty- fifth anniversary of their martyrdom. The speaker went on briefly, but energetically, to deprecate any attempt to sow the seeds of dissension among the Christians of the island, and then referred to the attitude of the Government towards the mission work. His colleague and himself had been most cordially received by the Queen and her husband, the Prime Minister, and he believed they were both real and earnest Christians, and extremely anxious for the progress of their people in all that was wise, and holy, and good. But he could assure the meeting that what had been stated by public lecturers at Manchester and other places about the commingling of religious and state affairs in the island, and the advocacy abroad by the society of the principles they condemned at home, had no foundation in fact. By far the larger number of people in the island felt that the affairs of the church should be kept within the church's bounds, and conducted entirely by church officials. Ho could therefore assure the meeting that their missionary brethren were true Englishmen and true Nonconformists, for their experience of the Act of Uniformity at home had made it impossible for them to be other than Nonconformists abroad. Towards the conclusion of his remarks, Dr. Mullens exhibited an illuminated address of thanks from the native Christians to the London Mission ary Society, in reply to an address which the deputation had taken out, and which, beautifully engrossed as it was, served as a copy for the Malagasy artists in preparing the reply,, which was very success fully and creditably produced. 