I , Correspondence. I To the Editor of The Church of England Messenger! ' ? DiB— me publication in' your columns or a letter 'from1 the .Bishop or I Sydney to the Dean of 'Melbourne, on the Metiopolitan question, I induces rne to tiouble you with a few lines. , , - I , It is tiue that a letter fiom the Bishop of Adelaide, published in I your columns in July UsJt, seems to make the matter clear ; but as it I does not satisfy the Bishop of 'Sydney,1 a few words may not be out of I place. ' i -' i) j . -i K\ I I extract the following heads on which he lests his arguments : — , I 1. ' That, as contemjjoranea cwjiositio est optima et fortissimo, in I lege, we are to construe oui Church Act, 18 Victoria. No. 45,'b'y what m ~ rtP.nnlfi in Vif.fnnn. tVinnorVif. n.h t.Tin tims- nf lfo rincsiTie1 ' f | 2. ' That the 5th and 15th sections of that Act contemplated the j Bishop of Sydney as Metropolitan. ; , ,-.' ?..-,i::;. .?;???.-;,.. ,.,, ?.,,-....... f .3.. ' That no one doubted the, power of, the Grown to .constitute a Metropolitan, and that section 18 of the Ji'ct : expressly contemplates its exercise, arid that there was no intention bri' the part of , the Vic f tbiian Legislature to disregard the prerogative; ?'.. :.' .?'.?'.; . j 4. 'That no one doubted that the. Letters ; Patent of the Queen t were; efficacious until the case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town I occurred, in 1 865. . ' \ ' ' ' '* || ?' 5. 'That (vide antepenultimate paragraph of the Bishop's letter) I; you cannot (without the aid of the Crown) have a Metropolitan until [| th,e Act (for subdivision of dioceses, creation of province, and appoint-, |i m?,nt °^ Metropolitan) is passed and has come into operation, and i,t ij cannot come into operation until it has obtained the consent of th,e ;j Metropolitan.' . '. ' ?! : To the first of these statements the- reply is plain. It is admitted ; by all that when the Act.was passed it was supposed that.the Queen ;| co;uld exercise authority by such Letters. ,Patent as those issued to. the :: Bishop of Sydney. But' it has since 'been authoritatively declared i; that she had no such power at thetimBfstie issued them to him. The ;; Queen accepts the 1 aw 'as:-nbw '.'declared, the '. English and . Colonial ;i Governments accept it ; and what else; can the church do in Victoria ? i The/Bishop of Sydney's appointment as Metropolitan was ultra vires; hi every body knows it to have been sb; arid yet we are asked to treat it,' R or play' at treating it, : 'as valid, because, forsooth, when it was attempted to be made, it was supposed that it could be made. . : [: . It is as if a ship were steered for land, supposed to be Australia j (captain, crew, and passengers involved in one common error), and, | when the land is found to be South America, an amiable enthusiast ; were to try to persuade the passengers that they really must be in L Australia, because ' contempo?-aneo exj?ositio,' $'c, and they all thought t; they were going to Australia when they made their voyage.; . Surely. i; it would be wiser for the passengers to recognise their true position. ' [:i 2% The 5th section no doubt did attempt to recognise the Queen Li the Archbishop of Canterbury, and a Metropolitan as having juris J]i -diction in Victoria ecclesiastically. The Privy Council judgment J;i having shown that they had none, it i3 absolutely idle to refer to the l\ ?section as having any meaning, What it was intended to mean has Si been shown to be impossible. The Bishop of Sydney may grasp at |) dt,'but it' has no found atidh in factj 'arid will elude him— - '?[ ?''?'*, |i Fnwtra comprensa manus effugit imago '??: ' - ' 3\. There. was, doubtless, no intention on the part of the Victorian Legislature to disregard Her Majesty's prerogative when the Act; 1(8 Victoria, No. 45, was passed (nor on the part of the Queen wheri'she assented to it) ; but this proves nothing. The Victorian Legislature could confer no power on the Queen to constitute a Church of England functionary in Sydney. 4\. It may be admitted for argument's sake that no one doubted the efficacy of the Letters Patent until they were shown to be worth- . less. How can this affect the case ? If they are worthless, how can they be made worthy by referring to any early errors of opinion about them? 5\. If the church in Victoria can have no Metropolitan, except by the aid of the Crown, until an Act shall be passed and shall receive the consent of the Metropolitan erroneously supposed to be in existence in 1854, the church would be in a bad way. But she is in no such way. The consent of a supposed Metropolitan would not help her. If given, ifc would be for all legal purposes as shadowy as the ghost of Creusa. But the church is indestructible by any such accidents, and depends not upon any such aid. The mother church may say to the child — : '? Sacra suosque tibi commendatTroja Penates, . '' ' Hos cape fatorum comites ; his mania quaere, i -'?? ' Magna pererrato statues quce denique potito.' ?''??. j Any aid which we ask for in England, and which can be given with-; j out infraction of law, will no doubt be freely given. The Bishop of I Sydney would, without doubt, give his assistance also if needed. We I have already by consensual compact recognised him as Primage, and I thus bound him to us by a more effective tie than Letters Patent' ' condemned by the Privy Council as vicious. :: : Parenthetically the Bishop asks if the Bishop and Assembly. of Victoria did not regularly transmit to Sydney copies of the Victorian Church Acts ? I dare say they did. They were bound to do so' while they (though erroneously) believed the Bishop of Sydney to be their' Metropolitan. After they knew he was not, it was a matter of nd importance to send them, except for. the sake of conveying .formal information. We can do no good by grasping at a shadow, and clinging to 'an exploded error. Nor are we bound to do so. If the Queen arid the English Government nursed that error, by assenting to the Act 18 Victoria, No. 45, they have since bid us. God speed in the path which was compulsorily opened to us when the nullity of the Letters Patent was declared. ' The Act 3 Victoria, No. 454, enables the church in Victoria to provide for the appointment of all 'persons bearing office therein, of whatr ever . order or degree,' and a Metropolitan is a time-honoured dignitary who will be required, and must in due time be constituted. Like leasonable people, we must, under God's blessing,, use the' powers which that Act confers upon us. ' ? ? The Victorian Legislature passed that Act freely, to enable mem bers of the Church of England in the colony to manage their own afliaiis, and the Act has not been proved ineffective. In managing its affairs, no doubt the church is bound to adhere to church rules, as far as they apply and can be obeyed. ? We cannot create a Cardinal or a Pope, or any functionary unknown to the early Christian or to the English Church, and we do not want one. We want a Metropolitan, and we have the power to appoint one conforming as nearly as possible to the practice of the Church1 of Scotland. We shall not appoint him more securely by trusting to the broken reed of ?& Metropolitan whose own illusive appointment has been declared, on supreme authority, to be worthless. We have received from the Archbishop of Canterbury, whose rights it was vainly attempted to preserve in the Act 18 Victoria, No. 45, all kindly assistance which he can render, although, like the Bishop of Sydney's, his supposed rights have been declared null. It is not too, much to expect that in time the Bishop, like the Archbishop, will accept his position according to law. ...,.'. November 19th, 1875. . Stat Nominis Umbra'. 