Odd Women. Not only soldiering and sailoring, but other manlike occupations, have been taken up by odd women now and then. In the time of Charles the First there were no fewer than five women-barbers in Drury Lane ; and very queer women they were, lt is known that even the offices of judge, magistrate, sheriff, churchwarden, and overseer have occa- sionally been open to the gentler sex. Some women will not admit this term, gentle sex, at any price, preferring to show that they can match the rougher sex on their own terms. One example of these was Phœbe Bown, whom the late William Hutton met while journey- ing in the Midland Counties early in the present century. She was a well-built woman of about thirty, with a manly step, and a walking power equal to forty miles a day ; her usual dress was, as to the hat, coat, and spencer, mascu- line ; but, as to the rest, feminine. She could lift one hundredweight with each hand, and carry fourteen score ; she never gave affront, but would offer to fight any one who affronted her; her voice was so masculine and deep-toned that she could make it heard a mile off she was an: excellent markswoman, and so well skilled in the equestrian line that she could always get employment at horse-breaking. Some odd women have been so atro- citious, that the sooner we get rid of them the better. Such was the Marquise de Brinvilliers, whose chief delight in life seems to have been to poison other peo- ple. The wife of the Marquis de Brin- villiers, from whom she soon separated, she led a life even more scandalous than that of most other noble dames at the time, and thereby got herself and others into trouble. Chance made her ac- quaintcd with an Italian, who revealed to her many drugs and processes calculated for secret poisoning. Hand- some, and moderately wealthy, she nevertheless conceived thc fiendish idea of employing . her newly ac- quired knowledge as a means of de- stroying all who might be inimical to her. She practised on some of the patients in the Hotel Dieu, with poisoned biscuits ; and then proceeded to make away with the members of her own family, in order that she might inherit the family property. She killed her father with poisoned broth, then her two brothers, and would have similarly treated her sister, had not the latter entertained suspicions which induced her to flee. The public deemed the deaths strangely mysterious ; but the truth did not dawn on thcm till one day. an accomplice and paramour of hers, named St. Croix, was suffocated while mixing poison, and died. Another accomplice impru- dently made a claim on thc property of the deceased man ; his manner of doing so brought the law down upon him, and he was tortured until he confessed all he knew concerning the poisonings. The abandoned woman escaped into the Netherlands, but was captured and taken back to Paris. After offering immense bribes to effect her escape, and then trying to destroy herself by swallowing a pin, she was formally tried, found guilty, and sentenced to be beheaded and then burned. We are not quite certain whether trustworthy historians accept the nar- rative in its entirety, but there is a story of a Scottish lady (Mrs. Margaret Lam- burn, we believe), who once told the truth to Queen Elizabeth in a very fearless way. Misery brought into the lady's family, by the execution of Mary Queen of Scots, im- pelled her to threaten vengeance on Queen Elizabeth. She came to London, put on male costume, concealed two pistols about her, and got near the queen. The accidental dropping of one of the pistols led to her detection. When brought before the queen she boldly confessed her scheme, and said, when asked for her motives, " I will tell you plainly, provided you will please to let me know whether you put this question in the quality of a queen, or in that of a judge?" " In that of a queen." " Then your majesty ought to grant me a pardon." " But what secu- rity can you give me that you will not make another attempt upon my life?" " Madam, a favour conferred under such restrictions is no more a favour ; and in so doing your majesty would act against me as a judge." The tale goes that the queen pardoned thc lady, and, turning to her attendants, said, " I have been thirty years a queen, but do not remem- ber ever to have had such a lecture read to me before." -All the Year Round. THE Stratford-upon-Avon Chronicle of .Tantuury 22 bu an account of thc marriage of a colonial lady, tho daughter of Mr. Arthur Hodgson, a gentleman who was the first to drive a flock of sheep from New South Wales to Moreton Bay in 1839, and who is still a Urge owner of sheep stations in the colony of Queensland :-" Yesterday the marriage of Miss Hodgson, daughter of Arthur Hodgson, Esq., of Clopton, to C. Grant, Esq., of Notting Hill, London, was solemnised at thc Church of the Roly Trinity, in the presence of a large congregation. The lirilal party left Clopton Hall in five carriages, containing the bride, groom, Colin A. Ford, Esq., late H. M. Consul at Swatow (best man), Mrs. Grant, Hon. Mr. and Mri. Hewitt, Major Pemberton (Trumpington), Bev, E. F. Hodgson, Mr. Percy Hodgson, Misses Hodgson (2), Miss Grant, Misses Grant (2), the Rev. F. H. Hodgson, Mr. E. D. Hodgson, B.N., and the bride. The bride was dressed in white satin, elegantly trimmed with tulle and orange blossoms. She was attended by four bridesmaids, two being her sisters, and two the surfers of the bridegroom. They wore white corded «ilks, with cerise sleeveless i'ocketa and trimmings, and "Dolly Varden" ie«d-drosses. The service was mil choral, and the ceremony was performed by the Kev. F. H. Hodgson, brother of the bride, assisted by the Bev. Dr. Collis, vicar, and the Bev. E. Frank Hodgson, the bride lwing given away by her father. The happy pair, after thc Meiner, left for Oxford. In thc evening Mr. Hodgson entertained, at the Town Hall, the whole of the householders and their «ives on the Clopton estate, the Mayor and Corpora- tion, the vicar and clergy, and very many of the influential residents of thc town. Wc nndcjaylatid that a marriage of a resident at Clopton House had not taken place for seventy five years previous to the interesting event of yesterday." Aw UNPi.KisA.itT EESCI.T or MISTAKEN IDENTITY.-A- painful affair, arising from "mistaken identity," is reported from America. A gentleman named Summer when proceeding to Reading by railroad was imprudent enough at thc depot to open the door of the ladies' waiting-room and look in. A lady, surrounded by luggage and a family of small children, immediately rushed at him, threw her anns round his neck, nestled lier head on his breast, and burst into tears of joy aa she greeted him as her husband whom she was expecting home after a long absence. Mr. Slimmer at once attempted to disengage himself, assuring tile lady firmly but gently that «he was mistaken as to their relationship. His efforts were in vain ; the lady only wept the louder in her delirium of delight, and to odd to thc embar- rassment of thc position her children grabbed him by the legs of his trousers and hung on to his coat-tails, with affectionate exclamations claiming him aa their napa. In thc mean- time several railway officials, newsboys, and others attracted by the scene, gave vent to their indignation at Slimmers repudiation of his family obligations, and donounccd him loudly as a brute and a scoundrel. At this juncture a stranger hurriedly entered, bearing a carj>et-bag, and also a striking resemblance to Slimmer. He was in fact thc real husband, whose arrival had been looked for, and, seeing Slimmer in this doubtful situation, indig- nantly floored bim with thc carpet bag and then sat upon him. Slimmer was so much injured that he had to he removed to thu in lirmary ou a stretcher, while his assailant went off with Iiis wifo anrl family in a cab. The next day, however, tile husband paid a visit to Slimmer and profusely apologised to him for tho unfortunate mistake that had occurred aud lcd to such lamentable results. Slimmer is now happily out of danger, but much "shaken," and unable to attend to business. THE COI'NTKV FAIIHON AND THE TUIIKEV. -Half a ccntry ago, when the income of a Dissenting preacher was not very large, his salary was often supplemented by a bountiful supply of provisions from thc well-to-do mem- bers of his congregation. A Baptist munster in Hertfordshire used at Christmas time to he positively inundated with hauipers filled with good things. On one occasion au enormous turkey was sent to him hy thc thoughtful kindness of a neighbouring farmer : but, as tho minister's family had already provided for the Christmas dinner, the bird was sent into thc market and sold. A passer-by, seeing this fine apceiment of poultry, said, " What a splendid turkey ! Just the thing for tho parson's Christmas dinner!" And to the " parson " it was sent The prudent wife sent it a second time to the market and sold it again for ahandsnrae sum. Another friend, similarly struck with the magnificent pro- portions of the turkey, purchased it, and also sent it to tho "parson." Not wishing to fly in thc face of Providence, the goori man said at last, " lt ie very clear that tko Lord moans us to have this turkey ;" and, with thc entire approbation of the family, it formed part of thc Christmas dinner. " LAVIN« " A GHOST. -A story is told of an old French shoemaker who boasted that nothing could frighten him. Two young men thought they would test him ; so one protended to be dead, and thc other induced thc shoe- maker tn "sit up " with tho supposed corpse. As thc shoemaker was in a hurry about some work, he took his tools and leather and began working beside thc corpse. About midnight a cup ol black coffee was brought him to keep bim awake. Soon after, the coffee having exhilarated him, forgetting that he was in the Ïirescnce of death, ho commenced to sing a ively tune, keeping time with his hammer. Suddenly thc corpse arose, and exclaimed in a hollow voice, " When a man is in the presence of death he seould not sing !" The shoemaker started, and then suddenly dealt the corpse a blow on the head, exclaiming at the same time, " When a man is dead, he should not speak." It was thc last time they tried to scare that shoemaker. IT has been publicly announced that thc fee paid to Sergeant Ballantine upon his rctaiucr to defend tue Guicowar of Baroda was ïïOÛO guineas, and that a " further seale of fees," not likely tn bc less than 5000 guineas, but " de- pending somewhat on the time thc Serjeant will be absent from England," has been also "arranged." Speculation has already fixed thc period of absence from England at about three months. If this bc correct, the honorarium is probably among the largest ever paid to counsel, and it furnishes a curious commentary on thc superstition which, as Mr. Forsyth tells us ("HortensiuB," p. 410), has prevailed in every country where advocacy has been known, of looking upon tho exer- tions of the advocate as given gratuitously. It hardly nocds, however, thc examplo which he cites from Roman histor}' of tho Bpeedy relaxation of the decree of Augus- tus prohibiting advocates from taking fees to show how rapidly the system becomes more honoured in the breach than in thc observance. In our own country, except in the ecclesiasti- cal courts (see canon 131), tho mle has always been that a banister has no legal right to a foe. Thc reword, says Sir John Davys, "is a gift of such a nature, and given and taken upon such terms ns albeit thc able client may not neglect to give it without note of grati- tude .... yet thc worthy counsellor may not demand it without doing wrong to bis reputation." A curious comparison of the fee hooks of Dunning and Kenyon may bc found in thc life of thc latter recently published by his great-grandson. It ap- pears that the utmost amount realised by Lord Kenyon in one year (when he was Attorney- General) was £11,308 Us., of which more than 30Q0 guineas was made by opinions. Thc fee-book of Lord Eldon when Attorney General is given hy Lard Campbell in his " Lives of thc Chancellors," and thc highest total for one year ÍB put down as £12,140 15s. Sd. Erskine appears to have received £1000 for the defence of Admiral Keppel, but tbatwasafterthcacqiiittal, Inourowntimetwo fortunate Attorney-Generals, and a late leader of thc Parliamentary Dar are stated to have respectively received £30,000 in one year. But as far os we remember, although re- freshers have often been very liberal m pro- portion tn the retainers, no retainer, since thc tee of 4000 guineas marked on thc brief of Sergeant Wilde in '. Small v. Attwood," has at all approached in amount that civon to .Serjeant Ballantine. - -Solicitor's Jburnat. j 