ODE, PAKIS LETTER. Paris, May 15. lfie dissolution is approached by short and easy stages : Byron liked to be parti cular in dates, but tile Assembly does not; it had not the courage to go further tlian pronouncing a " moral date" for its pro posed hie jacct. So f;ir, so good. It is best not to look a gift-horse m the mouth, and acceptance of the principle of iuime- ^ diate dissolution, as interpreted by de creeing the cessation of the partial elec tions, is a great advance upon the psri'id, when the legislators, in all the pride, pomp, and circumstance of the anti-liners coalition threatened to hold on for ever, or later, when they proposed depiarting this life only with Marshal MAIalion. There is apparently no desire to obstruct the gener.il elections in the autumn ; all feel that when the event lias to come oif, it were well that it were done quickly. So say we all of us. Real, necessary business only will be executed, and that at express speed. No Chamber can sur pass the French in jnassacreing innocents, <>r closing an unneccessary discussion. Happily long speeches are not in favor at "Versailles; ttiis is a great redeeming virtue. The Ministry is apparently re solved to maintain a masterly inactivity ; such an attitude cuts both ways. Its positii m is very delicate, and the situation must be managed with great circumspec tion. Thiers says of M. Buffet, the chief of the Cabinet, that he is going on excel lent1}-, only he ought to piut a little more oil in his salad. As the French themselves correctly divined, the rumours of their being at tacked by Germany, without giving any provocation, save tlie:r rapid restoration to political and material good health, was all a bottle of smoke, straws thrown up to see how the wind was blowing. Nought can make France rue, if she but to herself do prove but true. Aiul the French com prehend perfectly their duties at the pre sent moment both at home ami abroad ; the disarray, and the gigrations of the Imperialists, form the only dislraciiais in home politics. They are a1 lowed full liberty, if not licence io mourn tlie hopes that leave thc-m. By the election of 31. John Remoine to the French Academy, journalism has received a great honor from the " Im mortals," as all Lemoine's literary baggage consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles, more witty and epigrammatic I ihan historically accurate, or resting on facts. He belongs to the best, and per- | haps with two more exceptions the only I serious and reliable newspapers iu France j —the rest are but leather and prunella. His articles in the Debuts, ever dazzling, make the tour of the world. Then there are always short leaders, generally about half a column in length, and tot;lily in op position to the linked sweetness long drawn out of the like contributions in the Press of other countries. 31. Lemoine is about GO years of .age, middle height, and slender ; he is probably the least person ally known of all the publicists of Frmice to Parisians, because he shuns display, and his birth mul long residence in Eng land have impressed upon liim some of the severity of English maimers. He speaks English fluent'}*, ;uid is the " occasional correspondent, as was liis predecessor. Pre vost Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. He is s;iid to think like an Englisluumi, but to write like a French man. During the "" fusion epoch" he was a fervent Royalist one day, and a warm Republican the next. All this never injures in France : it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. 31. Lemoine is a very high employe in the Rothschild es tablishment, presiding over the dep:irt ment of Spanish finances, which at no time ought to be a sinecure. Lemoine is not so original a writer as De Girardin ; the hitter's gieat talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems not I to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's duration. Talleyrand counselled to tell a He, if it would only serve your pur- i pose for 24 hours. Einile de Girardin is | said to be the illegitimate son of Louis Philippe ; at all events, from being a waif and stray of society in bis infancy, he has become a inillionnaire. He illustrates the French aphorism—everything leans to literature, provided you leave it. He is still connected wiih the Press, but rather couuuercially than otherwise ; he devotes most of his attention to the famous Lv 1'ciit Journal, selling for a sons, and it is his hobby to try and bring its circulation up to what it attained under its original owners, 3Iillaud mid the well-known Timo tliee Trinnn. He sold La Liberie, once a fine property, but now only a shadow, owing to its Imperialistic politics, to his " nephew, mid converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine ; De Girardin now scouts the doctrine of " appeal to the people," and so far he is in harmony with Fmnce. The nephew's liair stands on end at this chopping round, mul lie has just replied by printing side by side Gir ardin's north and south pole opinions. Cni bona—here. 3L Jules Simon lias not been so fortu lime at tlie Academy, as the applicant for tile fauteuil, left vacant by the death of Guizot, He was, however, as good as his rival Dumas, as neither having attained tlie required number of votes, the election lias been postponed for six months. This contest was the most exciting, as it was a trial of strength between political and religious panics. Dumas is a celebrated chemist, and is, in addition, a Bonapartist and Gltrainontist; Jules Simon is neither one nor the other, but a distinguished Publicist and a follower of Thiers. The od<ls are in liis favor, and Lemoine will vote for liiui. The weakness still exists for unshipping graven political images ; as if the lumber room of the mayoralties were not already encumbered with the old basts of ancient .sovereigns and former Republics, the 3Itmicipality of Paris is to have its bust of " Our Laily of the Re pubHc. Perhaps tliis is intended as a slight set-ofi" to the despatch of engrav ings of Marshal M'Malion to bo suspended in the Cotuit-il Chambers throughout the land. Tlie Marshal is best honored by allowing him to keep the even tenor of his way. The Paris 3Iimicip;dity are downright realists; tlioy regard the tomb of Abelard mid HelnTse in Peru Luchaise cemetery as a myth, and question mi out lay to restore the monument. At the rate the world is progressing not a legend will be left standing ; even :is it is tlie most popular work is that devoted to de molishing the character of Napoleon L, as set up by Thiers ; Napoleon III. is be neath demolition. In fact nothing is but what is not. Russia being now the arbiter of Europe —what a cliaiigc within twenty years—all that concerns tlie Czar is interesting. Even before and since liis romantic mar riage be is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess, lie likes to live for awhile al isorbed in himself, to wander in cidosed "land, and to feel emancipated from the splendours which surround him. Northern nations are liable to these fits of silence mid seclusion, mid a weakness for dream hind is considered as an indication a love of peace. Men of iron and blood never dream ; history makes no mention that Bismarck devotes himself to such a luxury. But Alexander J I. Ls not less a practical man; he never puts with the prey for the shadow—still less to engage in a tournament for the sinqile pleasure of 2>arading. He first of all aims at the interest of liis empire—iu the future as well as in the present, mid all that does not lead up to this leaves Mm cold and indifferent. Be assured where Russia can benefit she will not hesitate to interfere—with the sword if necessary ; outside this Russia will only afford a benevolent mediation, but never an effective assistance: The moral hence 'is that Prussia having no material guaran tee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Sea "treaty to tear up, and the march India-wards not being pressing, Russia will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q.E.D. People though not Catholics can admire the Pope as a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopt ing his politics. It is thus that the cele bration of the anniversuy of liis birthday was-so respectfully ooserved in Paris. Besides, tlie French will never go to war on belialf of Ms temporal power. Tlie Queen of Spain, who lost her. crown for hiin, ran up a brand new Spanish flag on the day in question, and no one. ever ob jected to her display of fidelity. The tobacco question unites all smokers, be their political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of to bacco in France is a Government mono poly, and a veiy remunerative one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, soutados, or liavannas all are .abused, like bad wea ther. To read tlie charter of complaints, the Government tobacco would be nothing more than a compound of the seven capital sins ; some, encouraged by the rumor that fragments of telegraph posts and railway sleepers have been fomid in it, do not despair of yet fighting upon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the French weed as may be, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighboring countries, " Stand aside, I am holier than thou." The origin of the monopoly dates from 1S10, when Napo leon, struck by the bfiize of diamonds on a lady present at the court ball, was in formed she was the 'wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later ail Im perial decree was issued, decreeing tlve manufacture of tobacco to be a Govern ment monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and rewards this tender ness of appreciation by becoming more productive the more it is weighted with imposts: It is said that it bikes a score of men to make a pin ; now it re quires tliree years and four months to make a pinch of snuff, owing to the storages the raw and manufactured ma terial has to undergo; like wine and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by, mixing tobacco from several countries and districts in stilted proportions ; the democratic cigar at one sous is the product of no less than ten difi'erent varieties of home and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the bierciise in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the aug mentation of the cases of insanity, hence the war against nicotine. It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness is that containing the least per centage of nicotine : for example, the Zoiidrcs cigar lues but one per cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect tlie head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mis chief, and to which one must become ac customed, as eels to be skinned. Tlie case of a smoker being killed by nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spon taneous combustion. It requires no ghost to prove the rapid revival of trade and commerce in Paris ; there is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of the season, as well as of warerooms devoted to new furniture, the latter of very beautiful and rare designs ; in industrial art the French :tre becoming more and more incomparable. This re mark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced, like razors —to sell to purchasers who base their oilers 011 the average price of room-paper. A lady once observed to me, a sure sign of the prosperity of a people is not alone in the number of its milliners' shops, but in tlie variety of the shapes, etc., exposed ; judged by this standard, Paris must he the most tliriving place in the world. A less icsthetieal index is that daily before my eyes ; the number of barges and tug boats that ascend :uul descend the river, laden with cargo, is double now wliat it was hist year. Tlie lilac lnis nearly gone, a thing of beauty is not in eveiy ease a joy for ever; to this succeeds those pretty flowers of young girls dressed 111 white, engaged in tlie duties of confirmation ; the}- are more numerous this year also : people, perhaps, are becoming more de vout, if so, so much the better, or the population is increasing, which also merits felicity. Not only the races, but tlie con certs in the Champs Elysees are capital placesfor measuringthe well-being of Paris. Both, as the omnibuses signal arc mi co/aplot. The concert in question is still traditionally correct, 110 black sheep are ever allowed to enter there : it is not that ladies are called upon to show their marriage certifi cates before being admitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whose judgement never fails in drawing the line between virtue and vice, :uul who has served bis apprenticeship at the Jardine Mobille— the best of diplomas. The annual fete of Jeanne D'Arc lias been celebrated with all honors at Oil cans, and the selected preacher demanded from his hearers to have only the simple faith of the Maid—for her country and for her God. Something ought to he done to make tlie Bishop of the diocese move more | quickly in completing the preliminaries for her eaiiouizutiun. Mens. Dupaiiloup promises to bo ;is tedious as the famous Constitutional Committee of Thirty ; he 1 ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring liis patriotic work to a close. A warning to lovers who meet alone, but not by moonlight. A young man bad an assignation with his intended <_ the bunks of the canal at St. Denis, and while discussing, in walking, the fixing of | the day for their marriage, the poor girl stumbled into the water, and was drowned before assistance arrived. Paris has an immigration from Belgium every February, lasting till May, of about S,500 workmen ; their labor is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together | into hats ; a good worker am gain 8 frs. ;o o per day. A new locomotive is patented ; it marches, not upon wheels, but 011 rollers resembling the legs of a fat nuui. A bachelor, aiui rich, advertises that he is weary dining alone, and that he will gratuitously share liis daily bread with a gentleman producing the evidence of being cultivated, and enjoying :uid income of 50,000 fr. 