IT IS A PACT. (TO THE EDITOR OF THB WALLAHOO TIMES.) Sie,-Yabber in the Weekly Chronicle of last Saturday verifies the opinion of his op ponent that the effusions are nothing less than. jabberings. He can yabber it is true, and eo can a monkey. He can jabber, which is no less true, and so can a monkey. Then where is the difference between him and a monkey ? I imagine the only difference *is, be has left his nails to grow lately, has a low forehead, the principal part of the head at the back, be-speaking little brains hut some sagacity, and shrewdness limited, which belongs to the monkey tntie. I suppose yabber is accustomed to visit the Botanical Gardens very much, where he gets his newB generally on " things in general " from the friendly caged monkey tribe, who have the advantage of hearing all the news from all the old women and girls, who stand by to gaze at them, and admire their antics. As there is not much difference in his yabberings they both seem to start from the same natu ral key of nature. Yabber tries to prove in last week's Chronicle, that his yabberings are not jabberings as the Porlonian or some other 'onian would liave it. He gives the origin of the word as yabba yabba from which comes yabber which means " things in general" but yabba yabba meant gibberish outlandish talk. X should like to know of Yabber if Dr. Jung (pronounced in English Yung) would make any difference iu the pronunciation of yabber or jabber, espe cially as yabber seems to be of the German (monkey) descent. Therefore the J must sound Y which proves the assertions of the Portonian that his assertions are jabberings, which meatfc gibberish talk. The last proof we have of his jabbering gibberish, is in ref erence to the great meeting of miners re sani tary promotion, where he assails Mr Anthony i as the leading speaker, and all the rest must tune in. Just imagine his gibberish which shows the depth of his brain, and his power of connecting two ideas "together when he talks of the filth of tbe population and their eontentedness in it, and forgets the great sanitary means themselves. He does not seem to have any wit or tact to dwell (as it does not seryehis purpose) upon the improve ment made in the health of the people as stated by the Drs., not all accomplished through their labours. For what have they done ? By the bye, I saw in last weeks is sues, that the Drs. have complained that the health of the people has retrograded. \yhy ? one imagines it is because the people are try ing to wrest the power out of their hands, and they have commenced the cry of the Epbe sians that their craft is in danger. The only reason the folks on M. Mines wish the Drs. to keep 50 yards from their houses, is, as they done well without ihern, they can still do better without them in that particular. And if -they will not come at all through spite it will not matter" much, as every one will stick a little closer to bi« Homoepatby. It strikes me the Drs. are only making a stir to get a billet under government, as the people are so healthy in general. A few die, what of that? the book says " it is appointed to man once to die, &c.;, all must die some' times." And because there are a dozen ex its, from a miserable world, even iu the large centres o£ population on the Peninsula in a short time, now and then there is a hub bub. I assure you as I did in my last that for the number of inhabitants on the Peninsula and the city 01* suburbs, the rate is not greater in the first place than the other. Be rug a ghost perhaps I hare the advantage of seeing through this, while statistics prove it, yet 1 do not trouble myself about/them. I only wish to speak on behalf of my friends on the earth. All this goes to prove tbat Mr Yabber was never exhibited on the Pe ninsula, or was ever here under any other si) ape or form at any time to obtain informa tion. It is sad to complain that Adelaide folks are .as ignorant as Yabber and really have no conception what the Peninsula is like. They seem to have horrid ideas of it, and yabber together a lot of gibberish which no one understands. Scarcely one in a thou sand will come to see it. They have such dreadful ideas at the start of the 30 mile scrub, as if it were the entrance to the black bole of Calcutta. Tben the long plains of Wakefield are almost dreaded as the plains of Africa. Then the Hummocks, seems to be in the imagination a Himalaya where you have to get out and walk it.' Then the Pe ninsula itself! Dear me! what a den of filth, disguise, &c.;! It is a wonder the Drs. live amongst the people so long as they do. I suppose it is the love of lucre which keeps ; them here. It is a fact, they love it, take it, keep it, and carry it away lumpus with them. I overheard one of the fraternity say of a brother, " Well be is a goose to go 'cause he has not half tried his fortunebag." Well let him go; I supposei f Yabber comes in his place we shall then be informed on tilings more general for oar sanitary improvement. If a few more Adelaide folks would come to the Peninsula, they would hot only call the road , to it fair for a natural road, but the town ships fail*, and not so bad as even the Register makes it, who finds fault with the miners for their sanitary interference, the writer of the Register, man or monkey-Yabber. We must find oat, and perhaps the best one to do it is. A GHOST. 