: FACTS, FANCY AND FUN. Extraordinary Phenomenon in Nature.— A feat of arms. ■ . | A man recently hung himself in an axletree with a cord of wood. The legitimate occupants of th» stalls in a theatre are stage horses. Time.—A quaint writer has' d' fined time to be " the vehicle that carries everything into nothing." Speaks for itself.—The girl who lately lost her speech (save whispering) has had forty offers of marriage. An Obsequious Man!—The undertaker. Parenthetical,—Can a man who is always speaking of his father and hi« mother be con sidered parenthetical in his remarks ? A Light to Lighten.—The gas is so bad in a certain country town, that the man that puts it out uses a lantern to find the lamp post. A Sweet Eun.—A wag passing by a gro cer's shop, and seeing him measuring out treacle, called out to liim; " Sir, you have a sweet run of business. " A Winning Way.—A gentleman the other evening objected to plaj-ing cards with a lady, because, he said she had such a winning way" about her. Dead and Alive.—A lady complaining that her husband .was dead to fashionable amuse ments, he replied, " But then, my dear, you make mo alive to the expense." "P'lice don't!" as the thief said to the constable when lie was about to arrest him. Why is'a convent like au empty house ?— Because it is a nuuinhabited place. Why is a rook with a cold like a preparation of nitrate of silver ?—Becauso hi3 caws-slid. For Venice.—As a gondola i» so fre quently the scene of love-making it may be called a " court-ship." " Setting a mmi-trap " is the title given to a picture of a pretty young lady arranging her curls at a mirror. • Arresting for Ruin.—A policeman was seen the other day during a rain-storm with an umbrella, trying to arrest the rain. Short Sight.—An editor says he is so short-sighted that he frequently rubs out with his nose what he writes with his pen cil. Startling. —" Would you be popular," says Voltaire, in one of his essays, " startlo your public—whether for good or evil it matters not, but be startling at any price." The Tidd.—A retired schoolmaster excuses his passion for angling by saying that, from constant habit, he never feels quite himself unless he's handling the rod. Sbould'old acquaintance be forgot?—Not if they have money. Much is said in these days of woman's sphere. Is it not true that lier principal fears is that she will not get married P , Get Along.—A magistrate, consuring some boys for loitering in the street, asked, "If everybody was to stand in the streets how could anj'one get along ?" Light Timber.—Sunbeams. A Dangerous Character.—A man who "takes life" cheerfully. Why ore chickens liberal? Because they give a peck when they take a grain. The Weather and the Crops.—Note. Always have your hair cut very short in tho hottest weather. Why is a prosy preacher like the middle of a wheel ? Because the fellows around him are tired. "That were a Consumstion."—A friend of ours, who has been a victim of false prophets, says that he wishes the turf were on its last "legs." - Men. by Our Sage.—There is an incon sistency in this world that is hard to under stand. Every person is anxious to get to hea ven, yet no one is in a hurry about it. • The Proper Time.—A sailor who had hired a violin-player to perform liim some airs, on being asked what tune he preferred, replied, " Nep-tac, you lubber ! and so does every jolly tar." Love of Praise.—An Irish orator, speaking of an opponent's love of praise, described him as so vain in that respect " that he would be content to give up the ghost if it were but possible to look up and read the stonecutter's puff on his grave." Note by a Spiritualist.—Unbelievers jeer at our tables dancing and chairs taken in action, yet no one has ever cast a doubt upon tho an nual "speech from the throne." Humbugging.—"My deer, I love thee!" at the Benedict said to his wife when she helped him to a slice of venison. Delightfully did slie smile; but how easily women are hum bugged. A gentleman having played au April fool's trick, on the first of that month, on a witty belle iu town, she sent him the following 1 lines:— \- "I pardon, sir, the trick you play'd me, Whan an April fooi you made mo ; Since one day only I appear What you, alas! do all the year." The Brute ?—A miserable old bachelor, who wouldn't even marry on a breach-of- pro misc 6uit, says that " it is calculated that one female crying hard all night with a broken heart will weep juit one leaspoonful of salt water. Complimentary.—An Irish gentlemen well known in sporting circles for his wit, was accosted by a friend with ; " Upon mv word.B , you are riding a good horse."— " And why should I not ride a good horse ? " —" Well," rejoined his friend, •' but will he jump timber ? '"Timbers" replied the other, Faith, he'll leap over your head!" -A- Good" Stroker.—Francis I, was one day playing at tenuis, when a monk, by successful stroke insured the victory for the king's side of the game.—" Well done!" said th« king. "A brave stroke for a monk!" — "Sir," replied the monk," your majesty can make it the blow of an abbe when you please. "—Some days afterwards tho abbacy of Bourmaugen becamo vacant, and the king presented the witty monk with the cmie. Each for his Own.—"Gardener! gardener! look! There's my little boy playing with your scythe !"—" Lorblessyer, mum! I don't mind! He won't hurt it!" . An Obseevjls-t Jutexim.—'-Ma, did't the parson 6ay last Sunday that the sparks flew upwards?"—"Yes, my dear; how came you to be thinking of it ?"—" Because yester tcrday I saw cousin Salls's spark stagger along the street and fall downward." —" Here, Bridget, put this child to bed; she must be getting sleepy." The Schoolboy's Excuse tob Being Late.—" Why soiate ?" said a schoolmaster to a little urchiu, as he entered the room on a cold, slippery morning in February.—" Why, Eir," replied.the boy, I-would take one step forward'and- slide back two."—" Indeed," said the teacher, " then how did you get here at all, if that was the case ?"—'* Oh," said the boy, scratching his head on finding hinself caught, "I turned round and walked the other way." Smart Lnd.—A ten-year old bo;-'had long wanted a parrot, and last week his mother allowed hiui to buy one, which he cUrricd to his father's house, and was at the door feeding it, when a gentleman in the neighbourhood, who had an impediment in his speech, coming up, said, "T—T—T—Tom, can your p— par—parrot t—t—talk yet?"—"Yes, sir," said the boy, " better than you, or I'd wring his head off."—The lad's mother, not appre ciating the joke, gave the boy a good whipping. A Livelihood.—Hero is a scene, reported from the Paris Correctional Court:—"Pri soner, what were you doing on theBoulevard ?" —" I was walking there."—" How! at two o'clock in the morning ?"—"There is no article in the code which says I may not walk on the Boulevard at two o'clock in the morning."— " Whews do you live ?"—" I prefer not to answer that on account of my creditors."— " One question more—what do you do for a living ?"—"I sell secondhand toothpicks." Sleep as Opisios.—One day a poet read a new play-beforc the Beading Committee of the French comedy. It was unanimously refused. The poet went up to M. Samson, the well-known actor, and said to him, " I have a right to complain of you. You voted against my piece, and yet you slept all the time I was reading it."—M. Samson wittily jellied, " Sir, in literary matters sleep is an opinion." Cxockwobk.—A friend, having met Sheri dan, asked him how he fared.—"Oh," answered Sheridan, "I have turned over a new loaf, and now go on like clockwork."— "Ay," replied the other, "tick, tick, tick." 