TEITPOKTIFICLTTE DFTTITS IX. Ott^he above:subject : theVerj^ B®tl< FatHor 'B^rke, has' 'delivered-"*'' kKstrire in the Cathedral, Barronstrafld^treet, Waterford, * before^ a .crowded audience, under the presidenoyof the'Lord Bishop of Waterford.' The following is a report of theleotiire Mat it please youb Lordship, Ladies and X3 e NirtE mb n : This nineteenth century of ours; has been called—^andmot Without reason—a wonderful age. Audi amongst' its many ^dmirprs—it may ejjem strange to you£ ^aps to hear-pthereis .not one, perhaps, • more fti'dent (Qr inore qincei-^.ija his aduiii-ation^br the age, in. whichwe. live than I myBblf.a representative, of the'old mediicval period!" I "am proud' of' the nineteenth century—proud of .its spirit—proud, with! a wondering pride, of the gre^t results of its scientfiic knowledge arid resources—proud of the 'age which has annihilated space, which has grasped the whole world in its : scientificihatid,.which- has caughtthe very' lightnibgs of heaven, crushed them down/ and,made them the faithful messengers'of man from end to end of the earth. Yes, I am indeed proud of the .wonders and glories.- of this nineteenth century. But I hold that the mipst wondrous and most glorious thing in it jis the PONTIFICATE OP PIUS IX., POPE OF BOMB. For in all the other triumphs of the nineteenth ' century we behold the traces of man—wonderful triumphs of human invention 1 and. human genius—the development of nature's powers, the • discoveries of nature's hidden laws. But when we contemplate the man who now, 'for' nearly thirty years, has sat at the head of the Catholic Church, and fiUsdthe mighty and awful positionof Vicar of Christ-amongst His ppople on this earth, it is no longer the mere energy of man,.the mere resources of human genius, or the strength of human character, that we contemplate,.but we see realised in this Pontiff the highest and most glorious promises that God ever made to His Church. (Applause.) I am not come here "to speak this evening of the personal character of Pius IX. The subject of my lecture is not the Pope, personal and individual. If this were my theme, I might feel it a grateful and fruitful one. Yes, I hare knelt before the man in my early youth. I received the blessing of our Holy Father in the prime of his glorious manhood, and I have gone,' again and again, and knelt, before him when I saw his sorrows bowing him down and whitening his hair, and marked the lines of care on that manly, and once so fair face; and the record of these times would make the personal history of the Pope fruitful to me; but I have not to deal with it, but with his Pontificate. I am not to speak to you of the individual, but of HIS LONG BEIQN, with which Almighty God has blessed His Church. I have not to speak to you of a temporal King unthroned and uncrowned, but of a Pontiff whose throne can never be shaken and whose crown can never be torn froinihis brow,-for his throne is founded on a rock and his crown set on his head by Jesus Christ. (Applause.) It is of the Sovereign Pontiff, the Supreme Head of the Holy. Roman Catholic Church, the Vicar of God on earth, the Visible Head and Governor of God's Church, the man who joips in himself the fulness of Apostolic power and jurisdiction, the man whose hand is on the helm of the bark of God, to steer her safe through every storm, and bring her forth triumphantly from every wild sea—it is of Tthis man, in his Papal, spiritual character and Pontificate, as such that I have come ;to speak to you this evening. And I will lay down this proposition, which I will endeavour to prove—that since the day when' Christ laid His hand on the.- head of Peter 3,ndisaid—" Thou art Peter,-and -on " this Bock I will build my Church, q,nd the gates.'of Hell shall not prevail against it. I have prayed for thee, O Peter I tliat thy Faith fail not"—since that day when Peter received his high commission, and got the keys lof the Kingdom of Heaven, although his s&cceBsors; exhibit a list of names, to many of- which the world has appended the title of Great, there never was a greater Pope (than Pius IX.', or a greater Pontificate than his. His lordship has told you that his Pontificate is a theme not only of joy, - but of sadness; when we look on the majestic figure ofjthis uncrowned King, but still crowned, imperishable Pontiff, our hearts are filled with'Catholic joy. but yet" our eyes are full of tears of sorrow. But it is not With our sorrow that I have come here ttt dedl this evening,'" nor'with a good man -persecuted in his old age, and life madeibitter to him when he is anxious to be with God. It is not of this sorrow I am going to speak to you, but of the imperishable worth that can't pass fiway, of titles that dan't be forfeited, of a Pontificate in which, 'as. Head of the Church, Pope Pius has shijwii'himself one of the most truly glorious Pontiffs who ever wielded the sceptre 1 of "Peter. And now to put this thesiS'61early and intelligibly, I must ask you tit 'CSnfeideir what are the real glories of a PoptfeFreign of ,( Ppntificate?' you know that thwe'-m.ust'^bia a given standard' hy' which'fwe cati ^easdi^. the ,^orth'and true gloiyi of this liiari's i&igp.; '. Wemust see how far>h§haS'6onle/ : tfp'to that Standard;' We must ateo-sjjse'fcbw fai.'lis -nafciiral' charaitee.^oombi^ing with .'Divine Grate, ' has lediriin to'th^pompletfe fuffilmfeat of the diities and thefl.ccomplishtnent s 6f ti^e' glories** Ms high positionjn the' Church: <Jf liiai! •'«>-•-. • • vf <>!.'• ... WHAT IS THAT STANDABD? Well.the first Bfcandardisrt-and ; you .'will,' ip erb aps, fsmi le ; fc> hear it-r-the finst mlB .by which.,we must measure. : the, greatness of jany.^Pqpe is . the-hatred ,th.9, world: ihaa for him. Is he well hated ? Is lie ,well abused f Is he detested? Are men sigljing and longing, for his death ?. Are bad wen trembling if his life be prolonged ? -If those thinga be so, it is a sure sign that he is al'veby great man. Yourememb er that'O'Coniieli; the lmtfiortal Liberator, uspd to say of' himsalf'thkt he was the best-abused and'best-hatied man'in the House of Commons; and he made that one of his great titles to the consideration of the people. • ; Well; fchb world outside I the Catholic' Church is: one of hei> .'greatest eneinieB.; The more faithfully aman serves his Gpd/the moro.thfe world .detests him, and, therefore, the Apostle Paul siaid, "If I please men I am no longer a . servant of .Christ.".. In the long line of martyr Popes, where so" many fell' victims' to the world's hatred and-suffered exile or death, there is not one' so hated by the eneniies' of the Church as Pius IX. (Applause.) Nay, more. Whatever the secret of it is, he has managed to make himself more feared as well ashated'than any of his predecessors. At this moment THE STBONOEST MAN IK THE WOULD IS . BISMARCK, a man of supreme ability and genius, and successful in all that he has undertaken. He has an empire behind, him. to back him Up with 2,800,000 armed men. He is not afraid of anyone,; he need not be. He can put his foot on the. neck of France; he has humbled. Austria; he has crusheddown everything that'carae before him!' feurely that man knows no fear! There is not a man or a nation that he is afraid of, save one! He is afraid of the old Pope of Rome. (Laughter and applause.) Bis'marisk is afraid of his life of the Pope. • (Laughter.) He is always crying out, " Oh, save me from that dreadful man! I must {get,three or four million more men ! God iknows what ' he intends to do with me. I ;must stick more bishops and priests into gaol. When • is he going to die ?" . And then he writes letters to the different Cabinets of Europe, saying, " When he dies you must join with me in seeing after his successor." And. all this while the grand old Pope fits in his chamber in the Vatican, and says, *' I will not die." I asked a poor labouring man I met on the road if he heard the news. " Oh, yes," said he, " I read the papers." I said, " Is it not a wonderful thing how long the Pope is living?" "Bagorra it is," said he. "Why is he living s6 long?" The Lord lets him live so long," said- he, "to deprive Bismarck of his appetite." (Great laughter.) But this is not the real standard by which we are to measiire the greatness of Pius the Ninth and his Pontificate. There is one far higher. It is this. The more any Pontificate or reign of a Pope brings out and proves the highest attributes of God's Church, the more glorious that Pontificate is; and never, in the long line of Roman Pontiffs, has any Pope brought out as strongly the highest attributes of the Church of God as Pius the Ninth during his Pontificate of well-riigh 30 years. What are these divine attributes of th(i Catholic Church, and how have they come^ out under the glorious guidance of this wonderful man? My friends,any'man —Catholic, Protestant, or unbeliever—who reads the New Law, must come to the conclusion .that, whoeyer Christ was, he intended to found a Church. He is always speaking of it; telling what kind of a thing it,is to be; describing it as His kingdom, His city, His. place. He gathers together His Apostles, and He tells themthat they are His Chinch. No matter who or what He is, He intended to found a Church, But we know and believe He is the Son of God. •If He came to found a Church,' apd if He ! that Churcli, it is of God;'and it must be for ever and for ever, as tW 'Sbh of God has intended it to be. (Applause.) Now, He has set certain! marks on that Church which make it the Churph of. Christ. They belong to her supernaturally, as they come to hbr from God, and they belong to her imperishably. They.-are unity,-sanctity, apostolicity, .strength, and immortality. Christ. made' His • Ghuroh onej He piade it holy; He made it apostolical) and he made it ' the. strongest thing .that -the. htuid-of God ever built up in heaven or on earth'. (Applause.) And He not only made His Church allthiB, but he took good care that all "these gifts, should, bp insured tb her and'remain with her. As to her sanctity, He guaranteed • it to her through the' Sacrajnepts, whiph belong to the faithful; ' THE SANCTITt OF ,THB OBWBOH ' is soattered by ! the ,harid of Gpd 'bver the universe. The same Omnipotent h4nd that gave the Churoh'her sanotity/gaVe lier her other three gifts. He' made Himself the centre of her unity; He made Himself' the fountain head of her apostolioity ; He made Himself the guardian of her strength aiid, immortality; Listen, to His words ,.at' the last supper, when He prayed—;' O Godl them be one. ip uhity,.'ps,I antt'Thon, the JPfihet, are Onte/;: : liflto, tfe hkiaS Hiffiiself and His union With the' Father this Centre' 6f HJb Church'tf Uiii6n.-'f"8e'46JiaiJr > , W'lftiltf jaipcselt the 1 fountain-head Afchisr^iA^MtdUejty, fou He gjadl-to-.th^ :ApOslles; f''^Ehe'Fa' ther in Heaven sent Me.-andd send'yoiiii Gp y. therefore $[. teachp.«U inatio)>B[ ahd toll diett. all the, things .11 tave tattght youw".n Thete- He[ ntade .^imsdf:,^ Jpiuit9iq,he|hd. I standing-point ofc 'r.her Apostoliqity—fo and on" lhe 'mission oITiis Divine Master, and-, they' wera ail lable' to - say,'! V;Christ sent us, and, therefore, we have comey rto yon.'' (Appl&usB.;) . Thirdly, He ntade Hi A self, the, guardian, and iguaratrteer.jof Churoh'M strength and,;immortality;. for, Be said to' her,,'Beholdy I, am ^ith.ypii . all days,'unto the' consummation of the world, and ; the gates'o^Heli shall, never' prevail' against you. I have giveh you My word, arid Heaven ahd'earth shall pass away. but-'Mj wprd'Shall not pa6d away." Whateyer' fallB against that'rook shall be Crushed;>and whatever at falls againBt will be cru«hed ;to diist. Therefore, He deolares that He is ;the s'ouroe of the Church's, strength,, and she. has a: strength that rio power on earth or .Hell can resist to the end of Tjme. (Applause.) Nojjr, my next consideration^ is the Jove^f ObjisL He was'about'tb leave this' worlp to asoehd into Heaveh.'''Btit''before He went, tie'se-! lected one of the Apostles, iand made him the head of the Apostolic Ohuroh. ' He-made him ! ! His own representative. HE MADE HIM: HIS OWN VIOAB; He conferred on him .His own powers. Peter was the man thus-selected. And when Christ departed from this Earth, Peter stepped in and took His place—the place ef Christ, the Son of God—as His , vicar and His visible representative, and he became to the Church, to the end of Time, all that Jesus Christ, its Divine Founder, was. (Applause.) ' Therefore Peter, as Pope, became the centre of the Church's unity, the. fountain-head of her Apostolicity, and the guardian of her sttength arid linmor'tblity. And the more these three attributes bf the Catholic Church shine out in ' the; Pontificate of any of the Popes the greater 4s that Pope, and the greater is his 1 -Pontificate. (Applause.) My friends; this great Pontiff is the Centre of. the unity of, the Church. There were a great many Popes who went, before Mm; there was a long line of martyr Popes, who lived in times 1 when the world was. so divided that the Pontiffs were compelled to distribute more [of their spiritual power to the Bishops. There were Pontiffs who succeeded these martyred ones, Leo the Great, Gregory the First, and another 1 Gregory, to whom was given the title of Magnus:- But when do we find the unity of the Church so strongly developed and shown as in the last General Council of the Vatican? (Applause.) Eight hundred Bishops from all ends of the earth were there. Never did the Oatholic Church behold assembled together so great an array of mitred prelates. Around these 800 Bishops were hundreds of learned men, philosophers, and theologians, filled with the stores of theological knowledge which the experience of 1870 years supplied. There they were, the Bishops of the Universal Church, no longer confined to this country or to that, but spread out over the whole world; speaking the language of every clime under the- Bun; arrayed in different costumes, with different habits, thoughts, and prejudices; and there in the midst of them stands the sceptred monarch of the Church of God. He rises in their midst, and calls on them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and in the name of over three hundred millions of Catholics, to make an Act of Faith in the unity of the Catholic Church. , •< To be conceded in our next. The Seal op the Confessional The following beautiful story, which is 1 related by the foreign papers,' ought to be written in letters of gold :—IniPodolia, a province of Poland, a poor, priest, many -years ago, heard the confession of a murderer, vfl^p; on leaving the confessional, either Accidentally or purposely dropped a blood-stained handkerchief at the jiastqr's feet. r It jyas Jpund, and being, disoovered tb be that of ' the victim; tiie poor priest was.instantly arre'sted, and refusing to revearanything that lie h»4 heard in the ocffifessiorial.-helwas toiriiibfed to ''Siberia;' Whefe' he has passed fifteen years'of bis life in the most terrible climate imaginable, and amidst shocking deprivations, A few months ago: the murderer died, and bn his ^death-bed made-a oonfession which prDved.the^inpocencp of the, priest, who^rather than disclopethe secret he had received in the, eaored tribunal, preferred to Bu'^er ^xile.! '£be, worthy, father has . left Siberia, and returned to iiis native village, 'and|lie is already'as'famous in Poland as St. John Nepomucerie. ^He owes this i act of justic'e to ; the ; kindrie'ss"6f Priiice 1 DoudoukorKorsakijrf, Govbrnot'of Kief; who, moreover, ordered that lie ehould be received formaily into hiia parish^.i 1 v' ...-) Daniel 0 Connell's HeAjst.—Since I am speaking of trensureg, I,oannot foiget another treasury, an Irish,treasure,, which enriohes the city-of the jSeven &Us.; ! The heart of Daniel O'Oonnell-rests in the .little . Churph' of St. Agatha,. (whioh'is attaohed .to tie Irish, College, It,is .already dark,'apd nothing Wt' the black storin which' is tuisip'g iip'.&.Jp soutjy and oastiiig a shadow,'as If 'deathV upoi the Eternal'-dity; deters me iioift 1 going to that little sanctuary and paying a trlbnte of love and 'admirationto 1 the man who Was an honour to his raoe and thi gloty <if modern eloquence.; My w&lkofl;'Sukday'mo'rning.made: ie wish to have been boi» in thei^lapd/wboie eiules i ,have spoken of. «itb .fene^atioM'; I would .fiin, stand "ipoji'.$ier!8bjI vr^t* wfji, trodden .uptwibv them.'. 'Bfw'X^KiMC B Vn 4wtbup. B^sids^ it shoul^^llio^pT^fip^. • to'nje'tq Uve, let tqe't'^, iirfl. IptWt xnanin another'iferae.' '"'SSut • m u w h ndia rtatSMin^tfd^1^^. 1 . 5 aL l rw|rri8r! bee t| use for W»trty<-eiBht VS bate h^Utea or justice' andUmtbi o i^Ettgkskt&raiSdMaiB; his politics are thdjeiBeh'o^of a&olamalishlp;^ vj^.j peaob :abdj«hel irtfel tfj6i.«tbB r L ^pDjdel'fiA! ope^for beei^inllhiejO^heftr^lnlfibiHeter,) whope rightful sucoesBor he iu.-'^BttQtotM.io 