: A BEIDGE OF GLASS. ¡ [By F. W. ROBINSON. AUTHOR OF Asir JUDGE SPINSTER ; TUB MAN moir GLASGOW, &C;, &C;] CHAPTEB, IV.-DISAPPOINTED. The girl who had walked many days and some hundreds of miles in search of Matthew Quail was in no hurry, having discovered the object of her search, to throw a light upon the motives of her visit. She looked from the wine to the owner of the house, and for a while appeared to be studying his face with great earnestness, reading therefrom the probable style of her reception at his hands, or the amount of faith which it was likely he would evinco in her story. Matthew sat down, and looked hard at her in return-folded hts hands together, rested them on the table, and waited patiently, studying his wild visitor meanwhile as closely as she was studying him. She had not replied to his first question ; she was in no hurry ; she had found her home, and her new friend, she trusted, and perhaps the longer he looked at her, the better he would like her. She was not quite certain that she should improve upon closer acquaintance, but she hoped so. She rather liked the looks of him-n good- tempered, quiet, soft sort of gentleman, she fancied. Matthew Quail, tired of staring at her, or anxious to cut short the interview, commenced afresh, and ina different manner. " You are Mrs. Bennett's daughter ?" " Yes." " Mrs. Bennett is dead ?" "Yes. Mother died last weok-in tho Groy Kirk Close." " A miserable pince in High-street, Edinburgh. I know it." I " Did you ever come lo seo rnothor there, thou ?" askod tho girl, quickly. " Yea ; but Bhe had loft suddenly." " Was that a long while ago ?" " Three yoare, perhaps." "Now, where was I?" muttered the girl, re flecting on this point for several moments, with one long finger-nail pressed upon her lip. " Oh, I remember ! She got afraid of your coming, and we wont away at the double-quick. That was the-j only time I ever had a holiday." ! " Well, what have you to say to me ?"' asked Matthew Quail, returning to the first point from which ho had wandered. "I've nothink to say-sumfink to givo, il I havn't lost it," said the girl, contorting hor frame very much as she dived into "ne side-pocket after auother. " Oh, here it is ! Is'o-that's a sandwich the picnic lot gave ma yesterday,'' she added, pro ducing a greasy and mis-shapen squire of paper. " P'r'aps I had better take tho wholo kit out, air. There's no hurry, you know." Matthew thought there waa every occasion for hurry, but he did not contradict his visitor. With his clasped hnnds spread out before him on tho table, he sat and watched the process of pocket emptying, glancing from the collection, which rapidly increased m quantity and variety upon the young girl's lap, to the worn features bending over it. There vras almost an indes to'the vrandoier'a character in the contents she neaped Dei ore m Matthew Quail thought-and he was a man an observant turn of mind, we are aware. I fancied he could trace ti story in the needleboc and the old battered thimble which had been h mother's, and was now stuffed with paper, in ord to make a fit of it ; while a little coil of humi hair, longer and greyer than his own, which hi partly escapea from a dirty piece of newspape suggested some thought and" reverence for tl mother who had gone. There were things le .suggestive, certainly-H broken piece of com and some second-hand curl-pupurs, and the thre cornered fragment of something which he thougl was cheese, and which struck him afterwards wi soap, might have been stowed away for ornamer rather than Uä6, judging by her personal appoa ance; whilst innumerable articles,amongst whic were a few glass beads and buttons, a slioe-hice, fragment of scarlet satin ribbon, a servant's cap, pocket-handkerchief rolled into a dirty ball, a fe pence, a four-penny pb»ce, and Clement's tv shillings, told of an accumulative spirit- nothii) more perhaps. " There you have it," said Miss Bennett, at laol and a soiled and crumpled letter was handed aero: the table to him. " Will you read it now, or wa till to-morrow?" ! "I will vea*! it now," said Mathew, taking th letter from her, and examining it attentively. . It was sealed with red wax, and had not bee tampered with. No vulgar curiosity had induce the girl to break the seal, it was evident. Mal thew Quail opened the letter, drew the table-lam closer to him, as though his eyes were weak, an read, slowly and attentively, the third missh which had been placed in his hands that rernarl able day on which ha had reached his thirtiet year, lie had not read haifa dozen lines before h sprang to his feet, as if with the intention of rust iug from tho room; then as though his secon thought were the better and wiser of the two, h sat down again, and looked over the edge of hi letter at the girl, She was watching him eagerly and, prudent man as hu was, immediately o guard. Few men had greater power of controllin their emotion than he ; and no one but Matthe] Quail knew what a strange life of repression hi had boen, and in what disguise he had enwrappe that life from all who wero interested in him. H felt that his viöitor might be a spy, and the whol a trick to impose upon him, and he was at one very cool and self-possessed. " Did your mother write all this ?" he asked, " Yes-every line." "You have heard my name mentioned verj often, I suppose?" " Never, till-" " Till what ?" " Till the last," said the girl, with a great gulj down of something in her throat; "and then sh said that I wasn't to fret, for Mr. Matthew Quail o West Atherby would always take care «f me. Anc L hope you will, sir-I don't see what's to becom< of a gal, if you don't." " No; but I'm not the overseer of a.parish." To his astonishment, though he did not betray any of i*, the girl burst into a scornful littli Uugh. "No; I'm blest if you are, or I should bav< never come here ! I know what them jockeys are sir; and you ain't a b't like'em. Your a gooc deal like the gcnelman I hoped to find, whe wouldn't let a girl-" " My good child, you must not look upon me af your protector," said Matthew, kindly but firmly. " The idea is preposterous, and your mother has deceived you." " No, that ain't likely," was the reply, more sul len, but equally firni. " "What she said, she meant -if she wasn't right, that's your fault. And I car go-somewhere-so it's soon settled. Have you read all that?" " Not a twentieth part. You won't let me read.' "I won't say nothink more till you've got through it." She proceeded to restore her multifarious articles into her pockets, to draw the shawl closer round her bosom, and to retie the limp black strings of her bonnet - the only bit of mourning that she had been able to afford after her mother had died in Edinburgh-koeping her watchful gaze still upon the reader, from whose immobile countenance nothing was to be learned, and who might have been reading a pamphlet on coal, for all the ani mation that he evinced. She had taken his hint closely to heart, and was prepared to go. Perhaps it w«s all a mistake, and her mother had been queer in the head at the hist ; who could tell but the mother's ghost and that mun ? The thunder had been pealing at intervals throughout, and the blue flame lighting up the window-blind, but neither man nor girl took heed of the storm that was in the valley that night ; it was only when it had increased greatly in inten sity, and the whoio house was roekincr in the tem pest, that Matthew Quail flopped to listen for a moment as ho folded tho letter and placed it in his breast-pocket. " You did not tell me that you baa a sister ?" "Ihavon'tbadttntoto tell you anythink," was the reply. " Where is oho " In the Closo still-ill of fever, or she would have boen hore with mo." " I am. expected to take care of her too, I sup pose ?" "No, I'll take care of her, if you'll only see to me. Hut you don't mean to do that now." " How do you know ?" " I guess it-that's all." The girl had risen with a strango look of deter mination in her face, anti Matthew Quail rose with her, "My poor girl," he said, in a very gentle and kind voice, which attracted her at first, but which only turned her more completely against him when sae understood thoroughly tho purport. 0£ nis words, "your motlier was a foolish woman, who would have drivon mo mad, had I allowed her and there is nothing in tho lotter which' she wrotó i to me that I believe, or which entitles ma to con- I sidorthat you and your sister-she montious both -have any claim upon mo. She was a visionary I am a practical mau, who cannot afford to believe : m visions. I am sorry for you, for yon have been j innocently made the dupe of this, and been sent on j a long and purnoBoless lourney, which I deeoJv r«gr«t/' " r 1 ~ j-xovtu' uiiuu, waa LIIU guun, HUW uuower. " You will return to Scotland ?" "Yes.' I " To your sister ?" I "Yes." " Poor girls !" he said. Ile unlocked his desk, which was on the table and took a flat leather purse therefrom-not the gay blue silken one which Heshie Grace had woven for him. "Here are four sovereigns. I thought I had more in the house, but I haven't. Take the train that will carry you quickest to Edinburgh, and don't leave your sister any longer. I cannot help you further, it is not in my power. And if any glimmer of a foolish story," he added, after a mo mont's pause, "has ever leached you, for God's sake forget it !" " What does it matter to you whether I forget what I have heard or not ?" she asked almastdeii. anti y, and mukiug no movement to receive the money which he had tendered her. " A great ¿eal." " I don't say that Í have heard anythink," she said, giving another tug at her shawl ; " and I don't see what you are to me, or me to you. As for money,"she added, passionately, "I won't touch it ; I didn't come for money, only fer help in the misery that's round me and Hannah, and which such girls as us must come to. Mother knew that, and thought of you , and this is tho end of it." .' Your mother had not the slightest right to think of me in the matter," said Matthew, very positively, again. " You might have guessed aa much as that, and hesitated before taking this journey. I am sorry for you, I repeat; and if the money-" "No." With anothor sharp clutch at her shawl, she went out of the room into the passage, and un der the porch where Clement Quail waa smoking a cigar, and still watching the storm. "You'ro a better man than your brother," she said, looking very closely into his face for on instant, " and I'll keep the two shillings which you gave a poor girl sittiug there. Good night !" She had stepped out into the heavy rain, when Clement caught her arm. " You are not going into the storm ?" " He senda me adrift." "No ; I am sure he wouldn't send a dog out just now." " Ho's a man without pity. He wouldn't believe what my mother wrote ts him upon her ^eath-bed. He told mo my mother was a liar !" she cried with increasing passion, "and he'll rue his words this night." She tore her «rni from Clement's hold, shook her clenched hand at the cottage, and then hur ried at a swift pace down the slope, in the great storm that was" abroad, and which West Atherby remembered for many years, suffering as it did from a mighty havoc with the crops and home steads. "Raher a wild young person that," said Clement, shrugging his shoulders, and walking back into the sitting-room. CHAPTEIt V.- THAGEDY IN COU>-Bl,OW VAiE, Matthew Quail waa buming a paper when his brother returned to him, and holding the llama thereof over the empty lire-grate. "What's that? asked Clement; "an old love letter, or a bill?" " A folly, Clem ; that's all." " You wear a very sorrowful countenance whilst you watch your folly to its titting end," said his brother. " Many do," was the reply ; " and this is a folly, a temptation, and a snare, which is better ended in this fashion." " What ia it, may I ask ?" " No, Clem, don't ask me," pleaded his brother, as the embers fell from his hand into the grate ; " but think I that I have acted wisely in keeping it to myself. I spare myself a great deal, but I [ think I think I spare you even more." I "As you please," said Clement. "You are a I round dozen of sphinxes rolled into one, and I waa , never fond of conundrums." I " You might laugh as much aa I do," Matthew ' said, irresolutely, and with a very miserable ex pression of countenance, " if I were to tell you." I " I couldn't laugh much less," cried Clement. j " But I will not risk spoiling your holiday by a fool's experiment," said his brother. "You're 1 light-hearted, kwith much happiness in store for you. and this is nothing-nothing," he repeated. , "All right. Nothing it is," said Clement, ! " Nothing in the girl, nothing in your manner out of the way, and, by George, nothing in the bottle ! Well, we must begin again." ¡ " No, not now. Is that girl waiting till the storm is over ?" " No. She would go through it." "That waa very rash,"he said. "Thiß is no common storm, and the girl might die in it." " It's a hotter «torra, than I thought you could tum out in Englund," replied Clement. "PH try to find her, if you like. I know 'which way ehe went." " I wiGh you would," said the other, wearily, "I don't like the idea of driving her out in this fashion." He moved his chnir back to the table, and rested his head upon his hand, and his brother left him staring at the empty grate. Clement wrapped himself in a heavy waterproof coat of bia brother's that was hanging in the hall, and went in search of the late visitor. He returned very wet, a quarter of an hour afterwards to in form Matthew that his search was fruitless, and that there was not a sign of the girl anywhere. She had not stood up tor shelter from the storm, but had gone on her own headlong course, he thongut; "I'm not curious, but who tho deuce was she t asked .Clement, after he had narrated the fact ot his unavailing aearch. " "The daughter of a begging letter-writer, thats all,'''said Matthew. " Don't let us talk or think of her again. She's gone, and there's an end of her. Shall ltell you what Heabie said once about bor new berth at Atherby Court, Clem ?" "Ah, do, old i fellow .1 will warrant thatBjie drew a capital sketch of the old place, of the Btifj old Earl, the proud better-half that he is blessed with, tho pomps, the vanities, and littlenesses by which she ia surrounded and alraoet overwhelmed' She saw all ia its right light, and laughed at it, Slat, didn't she?" « Sae did." " Go on, then ; tell rae what she said." Clement forgut the mysterious visitor and his brother's otld behaviour at once, and in the history of his lady-lova everything else faded into thin air. Ho smoked another cigar, and his brother, who secretly objected to smoke, turn his chair a little awcty from liitn, and coughed, and wheezed, and went on with his ^tory. lt was lata when the reminiscences of tlesbie were concluded -the bro thurs had nupued -Mra. Bv.aa had goue home two hours ago, in ta<i liue night which had followed the storm, rjid for whieh she bad been waiting siuce it had fii'dt commenced -the late moon had risen, aud WHS lloodiug tho valley in a ailvnr mist, anti a clock on tho stairs was striking twelve. " ¡SJ the day puds, and Matthew Quail has begun his thirty-lirst year," said Clement. "Ah, Clem!" he said, with much pathos in his voice, " if we could but tue how the year ends for us all !" We should have nervous fever, congestion of our primest parts, and a hundred new maladies. Thank you all the same, Mat.r_ I'd rather not see that myself," replied Clement. "So to bed-to bod ! 1 am a traveller, and to-morrow is of mo ment to me." " lt has come," said Matthew. "SJ it has. I forgot that. Here, lead tho way. What's my room like ? To think of sitting up till twelve o'clock in the country !" Mattew Quail ehowed his brother to the room which Mrs. Bean had prepared for him, and where the portmanteau from the hotel had already been carried ; and then, with a hearty good-night, left him. Clement sat down, and, after his brother had gone, thought a little of the strange girl who had called to see Matthew, and a great deal of Hesbie Grace, whom he hoped he should see to morrow. He had returned with his heart as full of love as when he had set out for China three years ago. It had been an early engagement, when he was twenty-three, and Hesbie was not eighteen ; but thoy had known their minds well, he thought, and seeing life, and mixing with life, hore and abroad, had not rendered him above his tirdt romance He had always liked his cousin Hesbie. They had been boy-and-girl sweethearts years and years ago. It had happened just as people prophesied that it would, and they would be married in the old church of VVest Atherby be fore his holiday was over. Uncle Grace would give the bride away, and Matthew should be his best man. Poor old- fashioned Mat! he trusted to have found him married and settled. A solitary and sodentary life was aging the brother wondrously before his time. He could not exist as Mat existed; but then Mat waa quiet and patient, and allowed nothing to trouble him. Quiet and patient ! Well, he had always thought so, and yet that last wail ing in his ears before bidding him goodnight, and at which he had affected to laugh-"If we could but see bow the year ends for us all !" Did Mat mean that he was dissatisfied with something, or some one ? Oh, confound it ! he should maunder away all night. He could not worry himself over the imaginary complaints of his brother. The storm had upset him-turned him sour, alonç with all the weak beer in the cellars down at West > Atherby. He waa taking off his coat when the clock struck one, and convinced him that he had spent an hour musing in his chair. That was odd for a man who never mused, he considered-who was an active man, to whom stiil life was a nuisance, and so the sooner he turned into bed the better. He would give one more look at the night, and then for plea sant dreams of the pretty cousin he had come all the way from China to marry. He drew the blind aside, and looked through the window-glass. It was a fair landscape in the moonlight, if cold and weird. The silvery mist lay on all the open ground, the clouds had lifted from the hill-tops, and there were deep, dark sha dows in the recesses of the valley, that looked like caverns' mouths where strange things might be lurking, lie could hear the rush of the water in the brook, whion, since the storm, had been fed by a huudred tiny rivulets from the higher land, and was now foaming and fretting its way towards the sea, a tulmultuous river of its own. " How it must have rained !" he muttered. " I wonder what became of that girl?" He fancied he could hear a nightingale singing in the valley, and he opened bia window to listen. Yes, there it was ; a clear, liquid, and melodious thrill that almost brought the tear3 to his eyes, though he waa not sentimental, nndhad never loved tho country as his brother Matthew had. But it was in the country that he had told Hesbie how much he loved har, and she had promised to wait for him. That was one fair evening, in bis uncle's garden grounds, and the nightingales were singing amongst the thick clump of trees in the home cb'su, beyond the garden fence, nappy augury, that nightingale, of all tnat waa coming, of all that had passed, to keep his heart light, and hi* mind sut to the one object of working his way in the world ; happy bird of promise that he could lioton to, and forget that it was going ou for two o'clock. Suddenly some one came out of the shadows of of the lower ground, crossed a strip of moonlight in the distance, and passed into shadow-land again. When he left the grass-land for the rough path which moauderod through the vale, Clement could hear the grating of feet amongst tho stones. Ho drew back from the window, for the footstops crossed tho bridge, and in the moonlight again he could seo a tail mun, not unlike his brother Mat thew in figure, advancing ata swift pace towards the house. When the raanwns ascending the slope, Clement . thought wilier of bad nows than of daugw, and lectued out of the window to peer down at the newcomor. Itwashi8 brother Matthew, after all, and bo . could not forbear calling to him. " Mat, ia that you ? What's the matter ?" Matthaw Quail stopped as though a poistol-shot had been at him, looked up at the window, and peered, in his near-sighted way, at his brother sit ting there.. " Ia that you, Clem ?" " Yea, it is E. What on earth are you wandering about the valloy for, at thin hour !J" " It's a habit ot' mine, whoa i'm restless, Í try to tire myself out, and it answers now and then," was the reply. " Why haven't you gone to bed ?" " Bacause I waa as restless, aa yourself. You haven't Been anything of that witch of a girl, 1 suppose ?" There was a pause ; then Matthew Quail said, in a husky voice : " No, I haven't. I wish I had." " Why ?" " Because-" tie paused again; and then looking down, walked towards his front door, and t«ok a pass kuy from his pocket, .'Bacause what?" asked his bretker, who thought that he had not heard the sequel of Mat thew's words distinctly. "I will tell you to-morrow, Clem?" said Mat thew. "'Don't sit there, and catch cold. Good night." " ^ood night, old boy." " Good ni^bt," Alatthew echoed again, as though | j his brother's had been the first salutation. " God blessyouülem !" It is seldom that one man blesses another in this fashion, even though that man be a brother he has not seen for three years ; and as Clement closed his window, he thought of this, and of what a girl's heart, full of tenderness and affection, honest old Mat had. He turned into bed, and forgot all about his brother's blessing, and dreamed that ho was being chased by pirates in the Chinese seaB a hideous nightmare, which convinced him that the champagne he had had from the Bear Inn was a spurious article, and dear at any price. Meanwhile the nightingale sang on in the valley, the moonlight and the shadows changed and Bhifted, the light in Matthew Quail's front parlour burned on till the night grew faint and the stars dim, and the cold, grey dawn began to show above a ridgy bank of clouds. There was daylight in the valley, but the night ingale would not believe it, though other birds had joined in the song, and there was restless life in a thousand tiny neBts. The stream was rolling on towards the sea, still turgid and angry, when the day awoke in earnest, and there was sunshine and stir and buzz of life in the valley. The light was gone then in Matthew Quail's room, and the fair promise of a glorious day, after last night's storm, was evident in the blue heaven-evident to all but one, to whom all days were alike now, and whose poor wretched life had passed away without a friend to say farewell to it. This was the end of Sarah Bennett's journey to West Atherby-a death in the stream which flowed through the vale, and which the storm had deep ened. It was the shepherd who had taken bis flocks home last night that found her in the early morning, face downwards in the water, with her hair floating curiously above it, like a weed which had sprung up in the night. . « He went back to West Atherby with the news and there was much excitement in the little villa g( when they brought the poor, dead outcast, with he: face covered, through the grass-grown streets. (TO BB CONTINUED,} 