THE TRUE STORY OF FISHER'S 0 HOST." 13y Marcus Clakki:. Tiio.-i: Indies and gentlemen who stimulate I thorns elves by a belief in apparitions of- tho spirits of deceased human beings have several ' well- authenticated " ghost stories, which they are accustomed to cite as crushing evidence against the iucredulons. In the last century tho narratives of the "Apparition of Mrs. Veal, and the Death of Lord Lyttleton,"' were triumphantly brandished in tho faces of sceptics. ludeed, until the discovery of Deloe's interest in the' publication of Delin- court spoiled one of the prettiest bits of evidence imaginable, and the inquisitive con tributors to Notes. and Queries sent poor Lord Lyttleton unadmonished into bis grave, the present generation had been accustomed to regard both fabrications with something like veneration. The story of Fisher's ghost may be held to have taken the place of the Vea Uri'.m- Lyttleton matter. It is a tale so suited to the times, so void of anything like poetic romauce, so practically impracticable — if I may be al lowed the term — that our generation swallow ed it at once. A ghost who clanks chains, shows mysterious treasure, who bewails loss of honour, or burns to make restitution of stolen property, would be laughed to scorn by a business age. But a real business ghost, a ghost who wears blucher boots, sits on a rail, and was an expiree convict, appeals to one's conscience at once. When it is added that the ghost, in some way, gave evidence in a court of law, aud was the means of hanging the gentleman who was so foolish as to ranrder the fleshly part of him, we cease to wonder at tho unbounded belief in the " mysterious workings of Providence," which the narrative induces. Since the year 1830, when the story was 6rst published in Teyy s Magazine, risuers uuost nas ueeu an unexplained phenomenon, whose habitat is Sydney. Mr. John Lang presented him to the British public in Household Words, and in the year 1875 the persons calling themselves spiritual ists cry, " But what about Fisher's ghost ? My father was alive at the time! I've seen the rail! There was- a trial about it 1 The murderer was hanged !" Thus suggesting that the fact of the apparition was proved by the severe test of a court of law. Now, speaking of the matter the other'day to a friend, he said, " I can show you' the original papers of the trial, containing the evidence of the witnesses, the arguments of the barristers, and the summing up of the judge." I saw these papers, and lo ! what is the result ? There is no more evidence that anybody saw Fisher's ghost than there is that anybody saw the ghost of Hamlet's aunt ! The crime was detected by the common and customary process — suspicion and subsequent inquiry; while the suspicions, instead of being excited by a ghost, were excited by that most mundane of objects — a Pair of Breeohes ! Let us take Teyy' s Magazine for March, 1836, and Botany Bay, by John Lang, pub lished in 1859, and read in the former — " Fisher's Ghost, a Legend of Campbelltown" — and in the. latter, "The Ghost upon the Rail." Having got our fictions collated, we can then apply our facts as contained in The King against George Worral — Supreme Court, Sydney, 2nd February, 1827. The writer in Teyy' s Magazine opens his narrative with a note concerning the " fami liarity of the tale" to his readers, and while " leaving others to solve the problem of the appearance of the ghost," contents himself with " telling the story as it had been told to him." He goes on to say that Fisher was an emancipist farmer in Cambelltown, who had accumulated mouey, but through dissipation had fallen in.o debt. That, being pressed for \- money, he listened to the advice of one Worral, who persuaded him to make an assignment of the farm, and then, ' pleading destitution, to obtain a release from bis cre ditors. Fisher did so, and some days after wards disappeared. Worral told every one that his friend had gone to England to avoid arrest, and producing the deed of assignment, proceeded to sell the property. " Worral's statements," says Teyy, " set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat as to the cause of Fisher's disappearance, and he was allowed to take undisputed possession of the property on producing Fisher's conveyance." There" were no sus picions of foul play, and everything would have gone right with Worral but for Fisber'b Ghost ! " About six weeks after Fisher's disappear ance, Mr. Farley, a farmer, was proceeding homewards. It was about 10 o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the moon bad risen, but her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher about from 500 to 800 yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognise distinctly the features of Fisher, whom he had supposed then far on his way to England. He ap proached the figure with the intention of assuring himself that be had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on his nearer approach struck such a chill of terror to his heart as chained him motionless to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, rose from the fence, aod waving its arm, pointed in the direction of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently following the windings of the creek." Farley went through the proper process on such an occasion. He rushed- home " in a state of stupefaction, " is found in " a death-like swoon, " and lies for a " whole week in the delirium of brain fever ! " (It need not be added that he " was noted for sobriety, " &c.;) So soon as he recovers his senses, he sends Tor the nearest police magistrate, and relates his vision.' The magistrate employs a blaok tracker named Gilbert, and. "on closely ex amining the panel of the fence" where the ghoBt had been seen, "spots of blood are dis covered." The blackfellow gets oh the trail, aud on approaching a pond the bystanders ob serve his eyes sparkle, while he exclaims, "White man's fut sit down here!" He plunges his spear into the water, and says, " White man here !" The constables search,- and the body of Fisher is found. Worral is very naturally arrested, and, having been tried, confessed that he murdered Fisher at the very spot where the ghost was seen, and threw the body into tho pond. So far Teyy's cou- 1 tribator. Mr. John L-iru; — perhaps a more experienced writer of fiction — m-.kes a far more dramatic story ni the legend. lie commences bis nar rative with tbo discussion of "two wealthy farmers," at a public-house in Penrith. Ono of the farmer:iis.IohnFisher(Frodorick Fisher), and tho other Edward Smith (George Worral). The plot as to tho assignment of Fisher's pro- perty is laid, and the landlord duly informed by Worral that Fisher is about to depart for England, and that hu (Worral) will have the management of the farm during that worthy's absence. Six weeks afterwards Fisher disap pears, and Worral enters into peaceful possession, the landlord having naturally no suspicions of fcul play. By-nnd-bye — a year afterwards — Worral advertises the farm aud stock for sale pursuant to instructions received from his principal in England. Then comes the ghost. "An old man named David Weir " (Farley) "is returning home, when he sees seated on a rail the well, known form of Mr. Fisher. It was very dark, but the face aud figure were as plainly visible as possible. Mr. Lang goes on to realise the story : — " The old man, who was not -drunk, though lie had been drinking at Dean's public-house, pulled up, anil called out ; ' Holloa, Mr. Fisher 1 I thought you were at home in Eng land 1 ' There was no reply, and the old man, who was impatient to get home, as was his horse, loosed the reins and proceeded on his journey. " 'Mother,' said old Weir to his wife, while she was helping him off with Ids old top -coat. ' I have seen either Mr. Fisher or his ghost.' " ' Nonsense,' cried tho old woman ; ' you could not have seen Mr. Fisher, for he is in Old England ; and as for spirits, you never see an' without drinking them ; and you are full of "em now.' " ' Do you mean to say I'm drunk, mother ? ' " ' No ; but you have your liquor on boaril' " ' xes, otic i can sec anu near anil under stand, anil know what I am about.' " ' Well, then, have your supper and go to' bed ; and take my advice, and say nothing to anybody about this ghost, or you will ony get laughed at for vour pains. Ghostesses, indeed ! at your age, to take on about such things ; after swearing all your life you never believed in them,' " ' But I tell you I saw liim as plain as plain could he, just as we used to see him sitting sometimes when the day was warm, and he had been round looking at his fences to see that they were all right.'" The old rn'an sticks to his story, and, assert ing that "he never liked Smith" (Worral), determines to give information to the police. The following Wednesday the ghost-seer is on his way home from market. He " had declined to take any refreshment, though pressed to do so by several travellers who wanted to treat him," and during the whole day had been " re markably abstemious." On the road ho picked up two men — one a newly-appointed constable of the district — and when they arrive at the fatal rail all three, according to Mr. Lang, see the ghost. " When they neared the spot where the old man had seen the apparition, he walked the horse as slowly as possible, and again beheld the figure of Mr Fisher, seated on the upper rail of the fence, aud in precisely the same at titude and the same dress. " ' Look there ! ' said old David to the two men. ' What is that ?' " ' It is a man,' they both replied, ' but how odd ? It seems as if a light were shining through him.' " ' Yes,' said old David, ' but look at him — what man is it ?' " ' It is Mr. Fisher,' they said, simulta neously. " ' Hold the reins, one of you,' said old David, ' I'll go and speak to him. They say he is at home in England ; but I don't believe it.' " Descending from the cart, the old man, who was as brave as a lion, approached the spectre, and stood within a few feet of it. 'SpealcT ho cried. 'Don't you know me, sir? I am David Weir. How came you by that gash in your forehead ? Are you alive or dead, Mr. Fisher?' To these questions no answer was returned. The old man then stretched forth his hand, and placed it on what appeared to be Mr. Fisher's shoulder, but it was only empty air, vacant space, that the intended touch rested upon. " ' There has been foul play,' said the old man, addressing tho spectre, but speaking sufficiently loud to be heard by both men in the cart ; 'and, by Heaven, it shall be brought to light ! Let me mark the spot.' And with these words he broke off several boughs from a tree near the rail and placed them opposite to where the spectre remained sitting. Nay, further, he took out his clasp-knife and notched the very part on which the right hand of the spectre rested. "Even after the old man returned to the cart the apparition of Mr. Fisher, exactly as he was in the flesh, was 'palpable to the sight ' of all three men. They sat gazing at it for fall ten minutes, and then drove on in awe and wonderment." Weir, that is Farley, then gives information to a magistrate; the black tracker, Johnny Crook (Gilbert), is brought up to the rail, follows the sign of " white man's blood," and discovers the body of Fisher. A trial is had, J aud, n'fter some capital writing concerning the evidence against Worral, and his defence, Mr. Lang hangs the murderer, in accordance with the story told by the contributor to Teyy's Magazine, adding that "the judge — the last man in the world to believe in super natural appearances — weighed the probabili ties and improbabilities with the greatest nicety." We notice, therefore, that — allowance being made for the art of the story-teller — both Mr. Lang and the writer in Teyy agree in assert ing that the first clue to the discovery of Worral-Smith's crime, was the apparition of Fisher seen by Farley-Weir ; While Mr. Lang insinuates that the judge (Sir Francis Forbes) in snmming up allnded to the tale of the ghost as being an important item in the evidence before the jury. Let as turn to the official report of the trial. Mr. Moore, the- Acting Attorney-General, stated the case against the prisoner, who pleaded not guilty, as follows : — Fisher was a settler in good circumstances, living in Jane, 1826, at the honse of Worral. 'Suddenly he disappeared. Inquiries were made in the way of general inquiry, and divers reports respecting bis mysterions disappearance, but ?one were satisfactory. Prisoner, when sell ing FiBher's property/first produced a receipt purporting to be signed by Fisher, bat when arrested said that Fisher -had left Sydney in the ship Lady St. Vincent, no such ship having I quitted . tho colony. When Fisher's body is j found, prisoner changes bis story, and en- ! tleavoiuv to show that the murder had been commit ied by the servants of the deceased. The first witness for tho Crown was Daniel Cooper, described a3 a general dealer. He stated that ho believed Fisher to be quite solvent, but that he owed him (Cooper) some money for land. That when he heard of the disappearance be waited upon Worral, with whom Fisher had lived, and interrogated him. Ho thought Worral's manner extraordinary. In reply to questions, Worral offered to pay witness the money claimed, upon receipt of the title deeds of the property. Worral made excuses about showing tho authority which ho had to act for Fisher. Witness was satisfied that Fisher had left behind him more property than would suffice to pay his debts, and was astonished at his disappear ance. Tho next witness was Jamos Codrington, the overseer to Mr. Cooper. He stated that the prisoner, on tho 8th July, had offered him n horse for sale, which he refused to bay, because he believed it to be Fisher's, and Worral could not produce Fisher's receipt for payment of it. Two days afterwards Worral produced a receipt purporting to be Bigned by Fisher, bat that he doubted tho signature. Had suspicions that tho story of Fisher's trip to England was untrue. Did not mention his suspicions to Worral, but did to some of the neighbours. As also heard remarks from others. Thomas Hammond said he knew Fisher. Worral lived with him. nnd acted as his agent. Worral told witness that Fisher had left tho colony to escape a charge of forgery ; that he (Worral) had a power of attorney, which he promised to show, but didn't. Shortly after this witness saw Mr. Cooper, who said he believed Fisher had been murdered. Told Worral what Cooper had said, and Worral turned pale, Beemed to smile, bnt the smile was atleoted. Witness told Worral that if he knew anything abont Fisher he had better tell it. Worral said, "He is on the water; that's all I know;" and some days afterwards pro duced a receipt which purported to bear Fisher's' name, bat witness knew it was not Fisher's signature. Witness saw one of Worral's servants wearing a waistcoat which lie thought was Fisher's, and saw Worral him self wear a pair of trousers which he believed to be Fisher's. Fisher was a smaller man than Worral, and it was the tightness of the trousers which induced witness to examine them. Lewis Solomons, with whom Fisher had had dealings, said that a receipt shown to him by Worral was not in Fisher's handwriting. Samuel Hopkins, a free labourer, said that the last time he saw Fisher alive was on tho 17th June, at hia own house, where Worral also lived. Fisher went out at dusk, and never came back. It was his habit to so go out and look round the farm. Worral took pos session of the place when Fisher failed to return. Nathaniel Cole confirmed the evidence of Hopkins, and Baid that surprise was ex pressed at Fisher's absence, but no inquiry set on foot. GeorgeNewland, constable at Campbelltown, went with a black tracker named Gilbert to search for the body of Fisher, for which a re- wurd of £20 was offered. They found traces of blood on a rail at the corner of a paddock. Gilbert went into a waterhole near, took a cornstalk, which he passed over the surface of the water, put it to his nose and said, " I smell the fat of a white man." He led them farther op the creek, and presently put a stick into the ground crying, "There's something here!" Dag, and found the body of a man. Other witnesses identified the body. The jury return a verdict of gnilty, and. Worral is executed, after making confession in gaol. In all this not a word abont Fisher's ghost. No one of the witnesses allades to the story, and Farley — the man who, according to' the narratives of Mr. Lang and the contributor to Teyy's Magazine, gave information upon the i evidence ot his supernatural vision is never called at all ! Indeed, I fail to see the necessity for the Dens ex machinu. The case :b by no means mysterions, and in no way calls for the intervention of supernatural powers to make it plain. Sum up tho evidence, and see what it means — 1\. Fisher, a rich man, suddenly disappears. 2\. Worral, who lives with him, Btates that he has gone to England, and commences to sell stock, for which he produces receipts so clumsily forged that they are at once refused. 3\. The persons refusing the receipts recog nise the clothes worn by Worral to bo Fisher's, and say to each other that "Fisher must have been murdered." -1-. £20 reward is offered for the body of Fisher. Fisher's own honse is, of coarse, the first place seacbed. A tracker finds the corpse, as 50 trackers havo done before and since iti similar cases ; and Worral — the man who had assorted that Fisher was in England, and who had claimed his property, is naturally arrested and tried for the murder. Surely it "needs no ghost from the grave " to set suspicion busy ! The assumption made by the narrators of the ghost story — that Fisher had been a whole year gone, and that nobody suspected foul play until the ghost was seen — is altogether opposed to the facts. Fisher was murdered at the end of June ; tho suspicions of Cooper, and his overseer Codring ton, were aroused early in July ; while the body was found and the whole drama was played out in October. In point of fact, instead of Fisher's ghost being the first link in the chain of evidence which led to tho conviction of Fisher's murderer, Fisher's own moleskin breeches served their late master that good turn; and the ghost, in all probability, was never thought of until the excitement of the rumoured crime gave somebody a capital ex cuse for seeing it. I have no doubt that Fisher's ghost is an example of how " well-authenticated " stories of the supernatural get into circulation. A mysterious disappearance, a suspected mur der, a discovery of a body, and lo ! some one of those folks who are always ready to see anything gains notoriety by roundly asserting that he, to whom bountiful Heaven has be stowed many straDge experiences, did him self see the deceased, in his habit as he lived, sitting on the rail where bis murderer had struck him down. The marvellous tale llies. from taproom to taproom. A writer for a local paper gives it printed form. A clever story-teller dishes it np with piquant additions for a London magazine. Everybody gapes, ' nobody inqnires, and pleasing fiction, rendered venerable by years, is cited as an "inexplicable j and well-authenticated faot." Alas ! 'tis a t ' ' melancholy confession, but it is to be feared that many of our most cherished superstitions j rest upon no bettor evidence than that of — j J.'ishers Ghost. - -Australasian. j Arrival op the Mail via San Francisco.—1 Tho A. and A. R. M. S. Macgrogor, Captnin Grainger, arrived in Port Jackson on Friday, ono day in advance of contrnct timo. The news has' all boen anticipated by cablegrams. I Extraordinary Charges against Judge Dunne, j — The Benchgo Advertiser, last week, published an article containing serious charges against Judge Dunne. They are as follow : — Hitherto wo havo not recapitulated in detail the charges brought against Mr. Dunne, but it appears to us tho timo has arrived whon the public should be made fully aware what are the very grave accusations made, and not yot met. The- are as follow : — " 1. Incapacity from drunkennoss to sit at Mary- j borough. — 2. Grossly false misrepresentation as to the charges published in tho Maryborough newspapers in his communication with tho Government. — 3. Absenting himself from tho Sandhurst court, having by provious debauch incapacitated himself from attending.— !. Falsely stating on tho bench that he missod tho morning train by throe minutes, lie being in bed at a low demi-brotbel on tho morning in question, and going to the train with a looso woman at 11 a.m." ' There are in addition threo other nccusntions, jtwoot thom being of n graver naturo, if possible, .than those recapitulated. Thoy arc known to tho Government, but fl it having as yot obtained tho samo publicity as the others, wo do not feol ot liberty to mention them. Such, thoD, is the enso so far as it concerns Mr. Dunne. How the Wire may be Worked Dishonestly. —The Capricornian (published at Eockh.ampton) says : — The telegraph oporator, Corgill, who levanted under suspicions circumstances, was tracked by tho police, and at length dis covered at Mount Lnrcombe, whore ho had ongagod himself to herd cattle. Ho was arrested by a Gladstone constable, on a charge of forgery, and conveyed to the lockup at that port. Here, however, he made a clever attempt at escape, by dressing up a figure in the corner of his coll, in order to deceive tho lockup-keeper on his evening visit of inspection. The trick was partially successful. The constable on opening the door momentarily mistook tho dummy for tne prisoner, whilst the latter made a rush out undercover of the shades of night. Ho was closely pursued, and falling over' an enbnnkraent was again secured and placed in irons. His supposed accomplice, Thomas Spanning, alias Hermann Brown, has since been arrested in Sydney, and will bo forwarded to Rockhampton by the first steamer for trial. Tho crime with which Oargill is charged, is the forgery of a tele- I gram purporting to be an order on a bank in town from a branch up north to place to tho credit of Hermann Brown the sum of £175. Tho plot failed, and the bank fortunately escaped lots. Another attempt of a similar character 'was made on another local bank. The Alleged Specific por Fluke.— On the 9th inst., Messrs. Caton and Allan, the proprietors of the new modicamont, demonstrated to several gentlemen assembled at Hamilton, Victoria, tho progress made with the cure of tho ten flukey sheep operated upon nino days previously. These sheep had remained in Mr. M 'Lallan's pad dock since thp 30th of July, when the alleged specific was injected through the ribs and into the livers of tho animals, by means of a sharp- pointed 9yringe. The period of timo claimed to be nocossary for the entire destruction of the parasite is thirty days, and thorofore it was not expected that a perfect cure would be witnessed so soon after the commencement of tho treatment. However, it was determined to kill a couple of the sheep, just to see how they were getting on, and a ewe and a weaner were selected for that pur pose. On the carcases being skinned und opened the first thing to which attention was called was tho puncture raado by the syringe, which wound, although healed externally, appeared to have ex tended throngh the flesh, causing slight inflam mation inside tho ribs. A corresponding puncture in the liver showed that the injection had reached its destination. The livor was then taken out and examined. In tho case of both sheep this organ was frightfully disensod. On cutting open the main duct, a mass of tho well- known brown-coloured, flounder-shaped insects burst out, some of them quite lively, and others apparently dead. There wbb also in the cavity of the chest an abnormal gelatinous substance of a greenish colour, which the inventorB of the specific declared to be fluke in a state of decom position, but the correctness of which assertion the flockowners and others who wore present, seemed to desire further proof of. In tho thin parts of the liver, whioh were congested, the fluke were unmistakably dead, butit was thought that this might be due quite as much to the operations of nature in solidifying tho parts and -rendering them an unfit habitation for the insect, os to the potency of the medicament. The general opinion seemed to be that the killing of tho sheep at this stage was premature, if any decided re sults were looked for, and that no very conclusive opinion could be formed either one way or tho other until a longer period had elapsed. It was observed by many that sinco tho sheep woro operated upon, there wns a perceptible difference in tho staplo, it being firm and not easily pulled out. Tho skin also stripped off with a facility only noticoablo in a fat sheep, showing a healthy colour, and being totally different to the usual run of flukoy slieop. It was, at all events, fully obvious that the operation in no way injured the sheep. Another batch of between twenty and thirty sheep are being operated upon at Monivaa by tho same parties, and the liver of a sheep killod on Saturday, ono week after the injection troatmont, presented somewhat similar appearances to those already noted. It was tho opinion of several gentlemen who witnessed that investigation, that the condition of tho livor had been much improved, even in that short intoi vnl, by the effect of the injection upon tho fluke. Another fortnight or so must ellipse before any thing definite can be known as to the working of the alleged specific for fluke. — Hamilton Spectator (August 11). Weston's Wizard Oil. — Have you inflam matory sore throat, stiff joints, or lameness from any cause whatever? Have you rheumatic or other pains in any part of the body ? If so, use JFesfon's Wizard, Oil internally and externally. Many persons sudor with sick beaducho, and nervous headache, usually induced by costivo- noss, indigostion, &c.; Weston's Magic Pills act specially on tho Blood, Liver, and Kidneys, and produce a regularity of thz bowels so essential to health and comfort. Holloway's Ointment. — Turn which way you will, go whoroyou please, persons will be found who have a ready word of praise for this Oint ment. For chaps, chafes, scolds, bruises, and sprains, it is an invaluable remedy; forbad logs, oansed by accident or cold, it moy be confidently relied upon for effecting a sound and permanent cure. In cases of swelled ancles, erysipolas, gout, end rheumatism, Holloway's ointment gives the greatost comfort, by reducing the inflama- tion, cooling the blood, soothing tho nerves adjust ing the circulation, and expelling all impurities. This Ointment should havo a placo in ovory nursery. It will cure the long list of skin affections whioh, originating in childhood, gain strength with the child's growth. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. — Gentlemen. — I feei it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the groat benefit I have derived by taking ' Norton's Cumorailo Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the abovonamed PUls, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy proscribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may be thus afflicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Hbnbt Allpass.— To the proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." « Tegg'B Magazine, March, 1838. Botany Bay, 165!). MSS. 'The King against Worral 1827; 