CORONER'S INQUEST. SUICID3 BY HANGING. On Sunday evening, J une 27, Mr. W. 0. Buik, J.P., held an inquest at the Gold Diggers' Arms, Norwood, on the body of a man named George Rar.zo, who committed suicide that day by hanging himself, A Jury of twelve having been empanelled, Mr. George Day was chosen foreman, .Elizabeth Kszo, wife of the deceased, stated that she had noticed him very strange in his mind for the last fortnight, but more so on Thursday last, when he said that it would be a wonder if the detectives did not pick him up on Saturday morning. Very early on Satur day morning he got out of bed and said that some people were in the house. After going about the rooms he returned and said that he could not find any one. On going into town the batue day he Baid he would bid her good-bye, for the detectives would have him before he returned. Witness said, " You shan't bid me good-bye, for I'jI go with you." Thought his behavio: very strange, so went with him. He took an axe handle, with which he said he wanted to defend himself. Did not think that his strange manner was attributable to drink. He appeared the same during the whole of Sunday morning, and took his dinner as usual. Missed him about 4 o'clock, and ou going to look for him, about 10 minutes afterwards, found him hang ing in the water-closet. Galled Mr. Disney, who came immediately. Deoeased had been drinking lately, but did not appear the worse for it. Gould not assign any cruse for the act. It was not through difficulty in money matters. By the Foreman—He said to ma yesterday that he thought he was deranged in his mind. Wm. Disney, of Norwood, farrier, stated that shortly after 4 o'clook that afternoon ha heard the last witness tcreaming. She then called out that her husband had hung himself. Witnes ran into his owa house, got a kuife, and went to where deceased waa hanging. Did not notice the exact position of the body, because he cut the rope instantly. Thought that he was partly kneeling. Loosened the noo e round deceased's neck, and as the body was wariuranforDr. Sco t, who came within, about 10 minutes of the time he was cut down. The doctor, however, said that he was dead. Had noticed that the de oeased acted very Strang ly lately. Deceased was not a drinking man, but if he drank any thing he always fancied that a plot was laid against him, and that some one was after him. Ha would also talk about ghosts. Deceased acted very Btrangely on Saturday, and name to witnesses' shop, saying that as a plot was laid against him ho had better take his money out of the Bank. Henry Scott, medical practitioner, stated that the deceased oame to his surgery about 10 o'clock the previous mornlrig, and complained of feeling unwell. When he came did not give him any medicine, but told him to call again .in the afternoon. He fancied in the morning that something had been put into his food. He appeared composed in his manner,, and did not act like a man suffering from delirium tremens. He also said that there was a plot against him. Made enquiry, and had no reason to suppose that anything he had stated had taken place. There was nothing in his manner that would lead one to suppose ' that he would commit Enicide, Shortly after midday again met the deceased, when he said that he was going into Adelaide to see the police. Never saw him again until that afternoon when called by the last witness. Deceased was then quite deae, ani lying on the floor of the water-closet. Oharle3 Disney, of Norwood, blacksmith, stated that on the previous morning, about half-past 2 o'clock, he was awakened by the deceased, who said ihat he was in a bit of a " flummery." Deceased theH walked about for a short time and went home, ilo was pitched out of a trap on Monday, but did not appear to have been injured by the fail. Saw him on Saturday when h9 acted very strangely. By a Juror—He was pitched out of the trap by it colliding with a post. William Gate, Corporal of Mounted Police, stated that the deceased oalled at the Mounted Police Barracks about 1 o'clock that day, and Haid that his wife had been trying to poison him by putting something in his cocoa on Fri day night. Ho stated that shortly after he had taken i". he felt a great thirtd, and felt worse after taking a drink of water. After going to bed he felt a cramp in his legB and a dizziness in his head, which he believed had been caused by some poison. He was under the impression that his wife wanted to get rid of him. tie also mentioned that he believed there were a number of persons in the house during the night who had a plot against him Witness fancied from the conversation that he had with him th it he had had a family quarrel, and auviaed him to lay the matter before a Magistrate. He ap peared satisfies, and said, "I will, if they molest me again." He did not appear to have been drinking, and was to all appearance rational. Inspector Daniel Bay deposed that a boy called at his house about a quarter- past 4 o'clock with the information that deceased had hung himself. Went and found the body lying ontheflro* of the watercloset. On searching the body, found a knife, a purse, and some money in silver. Elizabeth Ranzo, recalled at the request of a Juror, deposed that on Saturday night the de ceased accused her of putting poison in his cocoa the previous night. Witness replied— " Did you not see m■: drink the same as you out of the same jag ?" He replied—" Well, I must have been dreaming." He never complained of pains. Was on good ferm3 with her husband generally; but he was jealous,- He had no occasion for the jealousy. No one that dec'ased was jealous of had visited her house that day { unday) or any time during that week. Went out of the house about 12 o'clock on Saturday nigh<, consequence of deceased's wild manner. Was out iu the open air all night. On going homo in the morning, deceased did not ask her where she had been. William Dianey, re-examined, stated that he had known deceased to have fits of jealousy for some timo, but that was only after he had bosn drinking. He never talked like that when sober. Was a neighbor of the deceased, and did not believe that he had any cause for jealousy. He acted like a lunatic when drunk. Witness knew that his wife had frequently to leave him when he wa3 drinking. Decoased was under the impression that the detectives were after liim because of some sly grog-seliiug in one of the other colonies. The Coroner having summed up carefully, the Jury, after a short retirement, returned the following verdict:—"That the deceased, George Barzo, committed suicide by hanging himself while in a state of unsound mind. " 