OOVERfMENTr GAZETTE. The following noti$ftions appear in the Govern me?t Ga~ette of Saturday last: Appointments.-William Henry Groom and Ed. ward Wilmot Peohey, Eqers. to be members of the committee of management of the Toowoombe Hoe. pital. Land Forfeiture.-The leases of the following eslee. lions of land, under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1868, are declared forfeited :-In the district of Ipswich, 100 acres, James Hardwick; 1600 acres and 178 acres, Arthur Law. In the district of Too. woomba, 8 acres 3 roods 25 perches, Henry Falp. In the district of Dalby, 449 acres 3 roods, John J. Sweeney ; 689 anores 2 roods, Luke Byrne ; 280 acres 1 rood, Thomas Perkins; 140 acres, Angus S'Phee. Resumed Lands.-Twenty-two square miles, lands resumed from the Beebo run, unsettled district of Darling Downs, is set apart as a homestead area, and will be open to selection at Stanthorpe on and after Tuesday, October 12. Two square miles, resumed from Thurragi run, in the Maranoa district, are to be reserved for township purposes. New Time'table.-A new time-table, containing a slight alteration in the running of the trains on the Southern and Western line, and which came into force on tile 1st instant, is published. Notice is given that Frank Powell, of Ipswich, has been admitted as a duly.qualified chemist and druggist. AOID?NT TO A nionD MAN.-A most peculiar aeei. dent happened to a blind man (the Geelong Adeer. liser states) on Wednesday,about half.past 6. A team of bullocks were being driven along Eyrie-street with. outs waggon behind them, when the blind man,who nas crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra- street, and feeling his way with a long stick, came in contact with them, falling across the chain between the centre pairs. Tne bullocks, startled with finding a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the, front ones kicking out at the unfortunate fellow as he clung tenaciously to the chain, and the two behind seeming inclined to let him feel their horos. The rest of the team being alarmed at the commotion slso took fright, the whole of them rushing up Yerra-street, dragging the blind man along with them, who apparently was receiving blow after blow from the excited quadrppeds' heels. When opposite the Wesleyan parsonage the driver, after using, his utmost endeneours, ane seeded in bringing the bullocks to a standstill, and the blind man wasjerked offthe chain and thrown in a Ibeap on the footpath. Strange to say, he did not appear in any way hurt or disconcerted at his unpreconcerted escape, his only anxiety being that he would not lose his stick. His clothes, however, were considerably torn through being dragged along the ground. ItE R sOmE AnetFAsY.--Tbe treacherous attack made by the natives at the Roper Bar upon Mr. 0.11. John son, the Daly Waters station master, and his assistanto, Meaesrs. Daer and Rioknrds, has resulted in another death. It will be remembered.that Mr. Johnson was with a black boy bathing when the natives, whnse ap. parent friendliness invited confidence, assailed the party. Mr. Johnson died a few hours after the affray, and we regret now hawing to record thte death of Daer, who was speared through the bridge of the nose. Although he suffered greatly, yet it was hoped that he would be sufficiently recovered to accompany the police party organized to arrest offending blacks; but on Wednesday morning, August 4, the Postmaster General sand Superintendent of Telegraphs received a telegram from Daly Waters, informing him that Daer was not so well as before, and that a piece of spear had just been etractled from the roof of his mouth. He was also suffering mich pain. On Friday after. noon he became insensible, and Mr. Todd at once communicated with Dr. W. Goose, of Adelaide, and Dr. Guy, of Port Darwin, desiring them to give in structions as to treatment. These were telegraphed, and every possible attention was paid to ease the suf ferer. The poor fellow, however, gradually sank, and be died at about 1 o'clock on Saturday. Mr. Todd gave immediate instructions respecting the burial, and Daer was interred on Sunday near to the grave of Mr. Bushbey, who some months ago was killed by a wagon when engaged on the telegraph line. Daer had been employed on the overland service since August 3, 1871, and Mr. Todd thought very highly of him.-Adelaide Observer. LOVE, LAW, AND L.S.D.— The Castlemaine Repre- sentative, of August 14, has the following curious nar- rative :-" Our readers will remember that yesterday a man named Octavius M. Baker was brought up at. the Castlemaine Police Court and remanded to Mel- bourne, charged with impersonation-i. e, that he declared himself to be the father of a girl, and in that capacity gave his consent to her marriage, whereby the rev. Father O'Sullivan was induced to perform the ceremony, although the girl was a minor. We have been able to gather the following particulars of the case, which promises to possess some elenteos of romantic interest :— About a month ago Mr. Baker (the accused), accompanied by his wife, nephew, re puted daughter, and her newly married husband, ar- rived in Castlemaine from Sandhurst, and engaged lodgings with Mrs. George Evans, of Templeton-street. They intended to stay (or a few days only, to allow the young couple (who had been forced to leave Sand hurst on account of a threatened action of a breach of promise by a Dr. —, who did not believe in being jilted) to complete their honeymoon. They then pur posed proceeding to the metropolis, there to celebrate the coming of age of the daughter, who, necording to their report, was entitled to a considerable amount of money willed to her by her uncle, a brother of Judge Pohlman. Baker, who described himself as a livery stable keeper, and a breeder of racehorses, had sold his property, and was living on the proceerd. After a short stay in Melbourne the family intended pro. seeding by the mail-steamer to India, thence to Europe, to see life, and enjoy it too, as became people who were possessed of almost fabulous wealth. The stay of a few days, however, extended to weeks, and still there were no signs of carrying out their original programme. Meanwhile rumour had been very busy with the name and occupation of the husbanll of the heiress, who Ihad been a' shaver,' and now wontby the appellation of Mr. Motteram, but who is said to have a better claim to the patronymic of ' Smith.' Ife had been, nccording to his own aceount, a sharebroker at Quartzopolia, but since his wife has been entitlcd to much wealth had given up that precarious mode of existence, and was now living on his means. The young lady came of age on Tueaday lost, and, according to our informant, is entitled to £200 a day for her life ! But, alns! for human hopee-a full, truer,'nd accurate description of ,fr. Baker was published in the Police Gazelle, which fell into the hands of Constable Anglin, who, in conjunction with Senior.constable Woods, arrested Baker on Thursday evening, on the charge mentioned above. In justi.e to the accused we must state that he has made no secret of his whereabouts, and that the young lady .fho has been the unconscious mean's of Buker's arrest presiaeted most emphatically that lihe is her father. Wbhetber this is correct or not will be ascertoined at the Mel. bourne City Courton Wednesday next, wbither Dtksr has been remanded." A SLICE OF FORTUNE.-" It's an ill-wind fhat, blows nobody good." A Victorian journnal is informed that a man named Thomas Leonard, who some months ago came to Belfast "on the tramp," and whlto since that time has been knocking abcut the district doing what. ever hard work and odd jobs fortune throw in his way, received intelligence about a fortnight ago that a wealthy relative in New Zealand had suddenly "loft this world of cares" annd bequeathed him all his pro. perty. We learn that tIto property consists Of 0n es tate of 16,000 acres of splendid pastoral conotry, as well as a considerable amount of ready cash. The station is stocked with rottle and sheep, and the whole forms an inheritance in the possession of which he may well bo envied by anyone. Leonard received the intelligence of his sudden independence with the greatest unconcern, and when the legal gentleman who eonveyed it to him presented him with a cheque for £100 to pay his expenses from here to New Zealand, he quietly and unostentatiously packed up his swag and left as if no such good fortune lhad happened him. Leonard when he first cans to Belfast was emiplayed for a short time by Mr. Wharton, and he obtained employment as a farm hand at Yambtk. The sudden transf,"rmation from a form labourer into a possessor of half a million of money must be a nice sensation, although it has no visible effect on the lucky indivi. dual in question. This remains ns another instance of what may happen to a man in Viotoris. .W7EsTON' WIZARD OIL.--nave you inflammatory sore throat, stiff joints, or lameness from any cause whatever P Have you Rheumatic or other pains in any partof the bodyP If so, use lWeton's Wizard Oil internally and externally. Many pereont saufer with sick headache, and nervoushoaaaasohe, usually induced by Oostieoness, indigestioni, d&o; WVszoc's Matrc Ptse ast specifloally on the ýthooD, Lrvaa, and K.D JiEse, and o n tiofhep soo B elsoessen- I -l ·to ba anid'oo"'r. . . 19 A Line b DrDoor.-' Ballaut "pe er? ? tion, that asingularand proitable diesoo? mob.'.e the other day by a widower in thattown.. Sone timeo ago he took down his bad to make rooumfor a obld?i . party, and he found threw eaks lying upon the hname work of te bedstead. He aubequently usedooe ofl - the sacks as an hearth-rg. iaving teoome tind living alone in the house oh ld it, and needytlyacol menred to remove his furniture to another habi tallo The eak before the re seemed verydaty,andthe n. ehook it, when, lo his eurprlse, ab hlf-soero idgn fll the ground. He care another shake, and two mow hlf.sovererigne roll-d nut. Determined to aolrvest mystery he turned the cark inilde out, and sUlight upon a pocket-book. This he opened, and dioove? n three £1-notes in one pocket and six £1-notas in an. another-making the sum of £1010s. in all, which the sack had so mysteriously disgorged. Aftsereifin over the matter the problem was solved. Itn . his wife, who had been dlead some twelve mooth%, wris' of a very thrifty disposition, and he therefore arried at the correct conclusion, no doubt, that he hd " sprung a plant," which his old partner had secri : shortly before her death. This was not the o -nly. " treasure trove," however, to which the widower he. been indebted to his late better-half. Shotly a?t her death he discoveredthot she had £875 depotid :d in the SavingB Bank, and this sum the autheorif - handed over to him on his representing the relatli??.;: ship he bore to the lady previous to her de. 'e . A.r EocrrTc IrDVIDUIoL.-No Sllhtsamumcemit was caused in the Boyal Princess Theatre ltly' during the performance of "La Fill de Madameu Angot," by the appearan?e-irst in the gallery ad ' subsequently in the pit-of a man whose appeamranc would indicate that he had been reared agfetleoma who condueted himself in the mot ecxtradioa~ manner. The old adege that "musio hathmT'ohaiH ' wa never better exemplified than in the instane t the man referred to, as every now and then wheat. 4 music struck up, he would suddenly rise to' hb1s and place himself in ridiculoas pocitioon, ald e i on such peculiar antics, as would lead ayme tote - lieve that he had been inspired with the thought*Wati he was amongst those engaged in the play. Theli ' was no doubt, from the unsteady style in mwhliehJý. endeavoured to dance, that he was su~tring meansely from the effects of drink, and the exeltement astmae by his unusual movements bea me so iAntea :it. periods al nmost to tIreaten the stoppage a tbii play, as not even the aclore and Cetresseu, muchleMotsi - audience, could restrain themeelres fram laught=i. At these points, howeerr, he asf induced to lev' quietly, but on his re-nppeeaance he a rated an tsql -ý uproar. Finally he was marched out by a polhueM much to his evident disgost, ai the esaitingqgl soene, which was being enacted at the time0,.ee to tickle his fnncy toa greatestent. Such altdi'le soene has never before been witaessed in aSadht -ý, theatre.--reryf AdrWtier. _. ". ' An AMSINIo I?cOIDEmr.-Aon amusiing idelft - curred in connection with an ioquest whichb w?s i. cently arranged (e?ys a New South Wales pi*) t be held in a certain mining townsrip'not a g?eatdh tance from Smytheedale, on the body of a eet who had departed this life without reeeivi u t in , attentions of a doly-qualifed M.D. ThePooioe trates attended to act as coroners thUe teirve o men and trne were duly empanelled ; the locad niedmo was tllre. nrepared to inquire into thseusee? or i - and the Government undertaker was in*ttna lc with the regular cofin-but the poor uanoo Oi to be sat upon could nowhere be foun l ntd; edi constables scoured the adjacent ranges in sarel th defunct celestial, but the Chinese met withirdre~~l eufliciently wide-awake to answer " no se"..' f all inquiries after the wheresbouto of.their-Adeoi y. brother's remains. The Polioe afagi~trate and Jir after waitin over an hour, ooneluded that uan l"ue 's could not be held unless the body wau btuaed to be eat upon, and a adjournment until the 'it day took plaeb. It wva etuig tela that the OlttI had possibly been frightened into life again byc formidahle preparations made to.Mscerta?l his death, and, as may be imeioed, tbe jury 11a3. i submit to a little chafng for going Io.hold am ioeqi4 . without having a body to view. Tbh unert nai r wroth at haring to take back his wooden box 6iiol and rowed, with Artemus Ward, Cteat' "o;"* should die really next." The remains were aftm ew found in a hut, in a ?cluded prt of thebnsh, a i. inquest was duly held th follown d. " IT NEVE. B AINS B IT Pontt."s-The .ljow story is'related by the Ballarat corresponde.it fth Plearant Creek Nsme r--"About eighteenmonttsp., a resident of this district, who boasted, andt, I b truthfully. of the fact of the blue blood of an.uI 'i family coursing. through his reins, married,-and'let to settle elsewhere. At the time thearemony .w' performed the. gentlemen ino uestion a ed that small amount of notice uually s aen.rdds by world to one who sometimea can affrd tbthre?e-e worth of beer for his Sunday'. dinner, bht teni rw>. quently eannot. However, a few friends didl aamb together, and wish all happiness to the newly.-wdded pair, who shortly slipped away from uas?t erell e and not mineod. When I tate the ie (a stiAqgec hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the mau db, knelt beside at the altar, i shall hare said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which fenb , re< aware, and about which an many caled. Hard work in another colony was to the couple tbsonly reira . that seemed likely to mark the fulflment oeftgaoit and affeetionate engagement. Neither had to 'their1 knowledge kith or kin on the fae of the arth, ' placed strong reliance in each other when they pll ed their trothl. Now mark what the wbhirli oft ime ' brought about. In April last the husbaid wf ,.' ' wanted,' not by the police, but hyabromof selieitonei, who then placed him in possession of omef irsnid: property in London, the rent-roll of which meansi : little orer £13,000 annually. He had kinI ut ust.ik . removed as to be quite unknown to him l The alsnl,' which roached lust told nf further fa(ou~i in a?cinrehe the fortunate couple. The wife had se14caede UX'0 to a title, but to what is better, 8£1,000, beiaoetbeil to her by a natural brother, of whose exiastenon .ahbi was doubtful, and of whos whereabouts and riches she had not the ghost of as idea." DeaTn PnoM CirLuonotla.-The Pleassat OCrei Newn states that the rst death that ever took pla?es . the Pleasant Creek Hospital, Victoria, during the id ministration of chloroform to a petient under opera tin occurred on Sunday, August 22. Dr. olqounhoD, in company with Dre. O'Connell and Bennett, wau present to perform two operations. The fnrt 6aiqwua that of a female patient, from North Ooraok 9titHoir, for canner in the breast. This wasarcomplihed 4uit' successfully. The second to be dealt with w asu me' named William Goitliy, admitted last rMar' fc e compound fratture of the leg. It was feared su;lep : tion would be necessary, but aier oorultation, and IIt being found that only a portion of the bones bad not joined properly, it was resolved to remove this portina. He was placed on the operating table, but before ny. thing was done, Dr. Bennett remarked to tO patient that he had beard he was a little timi. about chloroform. Gourley said, in reply, thath had heard of one or two deaths occurring through the Mu of it. The doctor replied that although a death perhaps - might occur ot of reveral thousand cases, surely be, Gourloy, was not going to be that one. Prior to ad ministering, be examined the. patient carefolly, toi nerertain if there was nnything'in his state to contr*. indicate the use of chloroform. He litened tothe heart's nction, and felt the pullse, end both were on- m sidered estitfactory. Dre. Coiquhoun an( O'Oonneli concurred with him in the ronclusion he arited at. Dr. Bennett eommnrneed to administer the chlororlqnmL" keeping all the time one of his ingers on the toepen?t?l. artery. After two or thIre minutes' inhalation, without any premonitoryv ymptoms, the heart's action suddenly consed. Efforts wrro immediately mada to . restore animation, and galvanic shock .ppliot, bt. all in rain. At the inquiry held the medipel mna were acquitted of all blame in the matter. It is not everyone (eayi" JEglos" in the Adelrral niia.n), uwho is so clever at cteohing a nightprowler as Mr. Writon's gardener at Kew, In another Mel hourne suburb there resides an Irish gentleman whp is the near relative of a Victorian judge. The family '. washing disappeared from the clothee.line one brhegC Hlonda~ night. Tlhe owner was naturally enraged, and vowed vengeance. On the next weshing-day he gave directions that the clothes should be left out ail night, as on the previous occasion. He thought the last suooesful venture might bring back the thief, and resolved to be equal to the occa?ion. Just after dark he proceeded to cseconcn himself in the fowl Ihouse for the night, armed with a bottle of whiskey and a double-barrelled fowling- pirce. As he left his house on his way to his liding-place he maid to Ilia wife, " Bodad there'll he bloodshed thlis niht."' The situntion was lonely, and the whiskey mellow, so it warn't long berfor thie watcher was sound asulep. - Just before tur-light tlhe snosdroppcr paid Ilie recond visit. After lrearing the clnthe-line. he east a bui nest-like glnnce into the lowl.house, and was rewarded by the acquisitiotn of an excellent cun and thesight - of a recumbent figure, snoring heavily. If you met the owner of that figure now it isn't a good lie to n i: , lude, even indireetly, to elothelne. . , .. 