TROUBLES OF JOURNALISM. (From the Conner.) Not thelfeist of the difficulties which beset the conductors 'of public journals are those which spring from their correspondents' communica tions. Most newspapers have at least one resi dent in every place of sufficient local importance and interest to its readers to render it desirable tliat they should find information respecting it in their usual diurnal or weekly favourite ; but not every correspondent apprehends the real nature of his duties, or will be confined within the limits which they ought to impose. Many of them seem to think that they are called upon to contribute opinions, when they would save themselves and their principals no small trouble if they would confine their communications to facts ; and some are not alow, especially in con tributions to provincial journals, to convert the .publicity which their efforts receive into a source of great and sometimes undeserved and unneces sary annoyance to their neighbours. Letter "begets letter, and so from day to day, and week .to week, the public are bored by replies and re joinderswhich, however the subject-matter might have had a primary interest for a few, soon rest for that qualification, even to those immediately concerned, on the mischief they are calculated to do. The tone qf public j ournalism is lowered, the weight of journalistic literature is lessened, by these effusions, and in more ways than one. These things the average newspaper corres pondent sometimes forgets. He may be himself a little somebody in a little place—or he may be flattered into "the belief that he can become so, or .ensnared;into a.fault which may make him notorious to his own cost. He may become, as he fancies, sharp and caustic, but in reality spite ful and virulent; he may take up the little squabbles around him with kindred bitterness, Until'their narrowness cramps his souL He for gets then that he is likely to neglect the real things—the real duties—to which he was ap 'pointed^ and to become, uniil the power of pub licity is taken from him, more a nuisance than a benefit. Perhaps lie never lias thought" of the truth which all journalists may well lay to heart —that that power of almost universal publicity oftentimes invests their productions with in in fluence which would, without it, be equally be yond their conceptions or their -capacity. An -untrutlif al statement—a designedly false insinua tion ; a direct charge—spitefully reported with out waiting to see how far enquiry might divest it of all real foundation—these thingBare Scat teredthrough'the places in which a payer circu lates,. and once so scattered remain fertile for mischief ever after. Against their occurrence in the columns of a metropolitan paper it is: almost impossible to guard at times, but It be comes the duty of its conductors—as assuredly we shall feel it to be qui*-to prevent its lrnp pening again so tfaras iihey can Aajiy dismissing the offending contributor, and, wlicnmore tlian* negligence is visible^ leaving him, if they can, to the tender mercies of those affected l>y his com munications. *Sn truth the correspondents' column is a great snare even to the leisure of a country journalist. "Die local ®vents likely to be ^ interest are not many, and oftentimes have to be spun pat to fill the required space. It is a great temptation to receive, at the last moment, & mischievous but rathe? piquant description of sonielocal sqrtab We, in which the actets are made a little more ludicruii i&aii; ihqy 'ihsuucii'cs, sad the laugliter, which is torture to the laughed at, may be excited. And when this is not the case, how often is it that the ''own correspondent" in ■ dulges in speculations.and opinions which., where not somniferous in expression, are .mischievous in effect. Still the manuscript lies handy; the press wants copy-—well, after all, it is a little clever, and so in it goes; and in forty-eight hours afterwards the moral standard of the. jour nal is lowered, and its influence for good les sened, however the importance of the author of the mischief may be for the time increased. It is pitiable that such things should ever happen —pitiable that correspondents cannot be- made aware as well of their obligations as of their position. This would be far more honourable than it is were those better remembered. . But the correspondence columns of all papers are liable to another ,nuisance—the letter-writer who places himself in the position of a sort of volunteer informer, and trusts to theseeresy ob served by a public journal for his protection, although his name is sent as a guarantee for his good faith. There are some men . who are never happy unless in the misfortune—never in honour ^except, by. the odium— of their felr . lows. If by. any means they can slide in unsus pected a damaging insinuation, which everyone may, when they read it, take hold of and apply, they are happy. If they can provoke a retort which shows that the mean weapon has stung home, there is nothing wanting to their 'enjoy ment. It is impossible to prevent such things. No editor, however watchful, has a list of the skeletons in every house, or a memory strong enough to guard the closet from intrusion. And when they do occur he is oftentimes prevented 1 by the inviolability of his own professional rules | from dealing out full justice. At best he can i but exclude the writer from further publicity. . j Population of Victoria.—The population of the : colony, on the 31st March, according to , the Go vernment statist's quarterly abstract,' was^S10,422/ viz.440,140 males and 370,282 females. The gain to the population by excess of .births over j dcl.hs during the quarter was 1280, ■viz. ;—520; males and over 760 females. That by excess of ar- j riyjla over departures was 705, viz. :—461 .m?les and 244 females. The total increase was therefore 1985, viz.:—971 males and 1004 females. The South Australian Register relates the follow ing, which it describes as a " Romance of the sea —" The story of a somewhat perilous adventure has been told at Port Pirie by a man who may con sider himself fortunate in being able to marrateit. He is a fisherman, who had in pursuit of his calling cruised from the place mentioned alone, and nearly reached the opposite shore of the Gulf; when, to his astonishment and dismay, a largepiece oftheboafs bottom became loose, and she'immediately filled and sank in about Sft. or 10ft. of water. The man, who is an expert swimmer, safely reached the shore, but all his provisions had floated awayjand Ms matches rendered useless, so he found himself on an inhospitable coast,' without food or iht^jjSieans of. making a fire or solaciug himself with a^ripe of tobacco. Fortunately, the mishap occurred a&'high water, so at low tide the adventurer was able to reach his boat, which had by that time become partially embedded in the sand. After severe exer tion he managed to work the craft into shallow water, whej^hq patched up the leak as well as he could, aivl eVefatually put to sea again. He arrived at j&>%f>irie on Saturday forenoon, tha 12th inst., safe and seiliKl, except for the exhaustion which necessarily foUorfed his perilous cruise. For nearly two days his'only food was the plant known as "pig's face," which he of course had to eat raw. He will probably take care in future that there are no loose planks under his feet before he trusts him self so far from human aid in case of need." Judging from the subjoined particulars, Bis marck musb'be making it hot for United Ger many :~rA United and Happy People.—Liberty | in Germany is entering upon a singularly curi ous ; phase. The ]?raiikftM-ter Zeitung, indeed, publishes a list el the political convictions ob tiiinied in the- fifteen days beginning April 6th and ending with the 21st day of that month, whichto anybody but a Teuton must be amaz ing. According to this journal, twelve Socialists -were sent to prison at Bernberg for taking part, in apolitical meeting on tlxe 6th instant. On -the 8th the editor of the Westphaliam, Country man and two Franciscans were tried at Dorster for offences against the May laws. The same day saw the Monastery at Beuron searched by the policej and three priests sentenced to four months.' imprisonment. Oh the 10th a meeting of working men-at Bernberg was dissolved, and the Shoemakers' Union at Munich forbidden to hold a dance. Next day, a.t Cloves, four mem bers of the Mayence Catholic Society were tried for insubordination, and on the 14th two priests at Waldenburg were heavily fined for a similar offence. In Posen a priest named Rozanski was sent to prison for sis months for preaching an objectionable sermon, and at Dantzig five Catho lics had their houses "inspected." The vicar of an impronouncible place, spelled Tauberbishof sheim, was put in prison ; and-the editor of the Westphalian paper—once more in trouble—was sent to prisOnfor making a joke about Bismarck.' The 15th was celebrated by the fining of a priest at Sulmierzyce, the arrest of a vicar at Peplin, the fining of .an editor at Sapenburg, the trial of a priest at Coblentfe, and the award of four months' imprisonment to four clergymen at Mannheim—all for political or religious offences. Pastor Classen, at Treves—once French—had to pay 150 marks' fine on the 16th. The editor of the VoVcsfreund, at Frankfort, went to prison for a month on the 17th, as did also the editor of the Volks-Boten, at Meppen, and the editor of the Gvrmania, in Berlin. A priest was locked ■up ait Reichenbach, the plant of a newspaper at Habelschevert were seized, and the vicar of TJuhl thrown.ihto a dungeon. On the 18th ar rests took place at Hildesheim and Oberlingen, and the next day, at Hanover, the Kirchen-PlaU was'seized; on. the 19th a learned doctor was incarcerated at Mannheuri, and the next day ia servant-girl of nineteen years was tafcen to prison for four weeks' for "insulting the Emperor." Dr. Hager, the editor of the Silesia VoUszeitung, was sent to gaol for publishing the Pope's Ericy-: clical, ?md laughing at the Cliancellor of the Empire; and Dr. Helle, of Breslau, shared a similar fate. On the 21st the Burgomaster of Neustadt was in trouble for refusing to be a. means of persecution, and : forty families in Dantzig had. received domiciliary visits. ' Here is a picture of the liberty which Germans enjoy. A very high tribute has been paid to the Kev. j Septimus Hansard, rector of Bethnal-Green, London, j who was then lying dangerously ill with scarlet fever, contracted while visiting the poor in his parish. Some time since he "passed through an attack of typhus fever, liroaght On by excessive-de votion to the sick. . On another occasion he was taken ill in the pulpit, and was found to be suf fering from small-pox. He wished to be taken to the hospital, but refused to go in a cab or "any or-, dinary means of conveyance, lest he should be "the means of "communicating the infection to others. A hearse happening to pass ho declared that lie would go in tliat, which he did. There are doubt less hund reds of men in the Church,- who have the: same spirit and would show it -did occaskin require. Mr. Hansard receives £500 & year, and pays two curates out of .that amount. Row4a.niJ H31 was remarkable foT tke frequent -wittinesa -bf his ol*ervatwms. Li a conversation .on the powers of'the letter H, in which it was contended it.was no leiter,, bat a,simple .aspira tion, or breatliing, lie insisted on its being, to all intents and purposes, a letter ; and concluded 3>y. observing that, if it were not, it waa;a v<ay seri ous affair to kim, as it would occasion his beixtg HI all the days of his life. - He added;— Whereas, by you I haw been driven , , - From 'ouse, fron'omc, from 3ope, from 'eaven. And placed by your most le£tme4 society ' " In Bexile, Hauguisli, and TTarmdty; , Nay, charged without one just pretene^ ; "• With Harrogance and Hinij)udenbe— I here demand full restitution, And beg you'll mend yburHdocution.- v': • Mb. Bmght axd Mb. Gl rsros •. —Tot&etight; of Mr. Lowe I see a fig:, e which; foreshortened from my point of view, is < hiefly uat nguish&ble; by a hat and pair of boots." \V .^—oat tlieie beiiig «a absolute Quaker fashion about the cat of .--he hat or garments, there is a breadth" about '.be former a lodseness about the latter suggestive of .Qa&ker; associations. Perhaps .if my idea were mercilessly analyzed' itwouldappear that it has its growth in the knowledge that I am looking downon Mr„ Bright, and that I know Mr Bright is of Quaker parentage. But I am jotting down my impressions as I receive them. > Mr. Bright -does- not-address the House to-night, 'but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Chfltern, who has heard them, speaks quite sorro wfuUyof the evi dence they, jgive offaihng physical power. • Hie. . orator who once used to hold this House Of Com mons under his command, with as^ much , ease, as Apollo held in hand the fiery coursera'of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make : their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more "; ~ Jie hesitates in choosing words, is not sure of "the sequence of his phrases, and resumes his seat with evident gratefulness for the renewed test. Chiltern adds that much of this nervousness is probably owing to a sensibility of the expectation which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that. he is not about ..to make the " great speech" which has been looked for ever since he returned to his old place. ■ " But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright iB already a tradition in the House of Commons, and it is but .the ghost of the famous Tribune who hownightlyhaunts the scene of his former glories. Mr. Glad stone was sitting next to Mr. Bright, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favourite attLfcndefwith him. -. His legs, were stretched out, his hands loosely clasped belore him, and his head thrown back, .'resting, on the cushion at. the. .back of : the seat, so that the soft light frbm the illuminated roof shone full on his upturned Jac& it. is a beautiful face, soft as a woman's, 'very pals and worn, with farrowed lines that tell of labour done and sorrow lived through. _ Here againl am conscious of the possibility of iny_ impressions being moulded by .my knowledge of facts j but X fancy 1 see a great alteration' since - last I : looked "on Mt Gladstone's face, now two years ago. It was far away from ;here, in a big wooden^ building in a North Wales town. He wasonja.platfonn sur rounded by grotesque men in blue gowns and caps, which- marked high rank in .Celtic hardship. At that time he" was "the nominal leader of agreat majority that would not-follow hun, and" president of a Ministry thatthwarted all his steps. His face | looked harder then, and his eye glanced restlessly round, taking in every movement of' the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to existin a hectic flash of life, and- was utterly' incapable of "taking rest. Now his face, though still thin, has filled ajt r-The. lines on his brow and under his eyes, -though too deeply furrowed to be eradicable,. ."have been smoothed down, and the Pope being, : let us hope, finally slain, there is about his face a sense of peace and a pleasant look of rest. Ghiitern.say3 „ that sometimes when the right hon. gentleman has been in the House this session he has during tile pro-' gress of a debate momentarily sprung into his old attitude of earnest, eager attention, and there have been critical moments when interposition in de bate has appeared imminent. But he hasconquered the impulse, i.n'n back again on the bencli, and let : the House go its own way. It is very <xld, Chiltern Says,' to have him sitting- there silent in the' midst of so much talking.—■Geiutleinarfs Magazine. - Diplomatic Inaction in Afohanisian.— While Hussia places her best men in diplomatic positions, acquainted- with the languages- and' public opinion of the respective countries—thus gaining more by the: pen 'than by the sword— England of late years has been-very careless in . this respect. How few of the consuls know tho .language of the country they are located in! Even in the important frontier position of Kash mir, England has, up to the present time, had no permanent resident. And-she ■ has seriously lost in the interests of peace, bringing down English influence to zero, and menacing serious conflicts at no distant period-on the Eastern question; especially as the conviction -is iocreas-; ing in -the Russian-mindthatihe diplomatic ditti putes with England on ite Eastern question'can he settled more easily and far more effectually , on the frontiers of India than on the banks of ' the Bbsphorus. Russia will, and must, be suc cessful if England leaves the guidance of affairs in Afghanistan to natives utterly incompetent to steer the vessel of the State amid the quicksands and - shoals of Eastern intrigue and cunning; The. time seems fully ripe, in view of the new relations arising from the position of Russia on the jOsus andthe state of anarchy inCabul; for England, taking a further step by appointing: some of her ablest men to Herat, Kandahar, and CabuL These agents being on the spot, and : having an intelligence department at their com mand, would be able to procure' trustworthy correct; information for the Tn^ittn Government on the subjects of which only an English diplo matist knows the value. Their weight of; per sonal influence would direct things in an emer gency, and they would exercise that control which might prevent a frontier raid swelling into a war. An active diplomacy might be a cheap insurance. In the present emergency England has only weak, influential native newsmongers, .with their ''bazaar reports and caravan politics;" * miserable representatives of Englaridin points involving the interests of tw6 great empires, as little competent to be diplomatic- agents as a London clerk would be at Constantinople., The Cafculregwrt is a standing joke in India. India in former days owed much to the pacific di plomacy of such men as Elphinstone, Malcolm, and Metcalf, whose influence was more powerful than bayonets. It was such men that helped to -. build up the Anglo-Indian Empire. There may be some personal danger to. English diplomatists at; Herat and Cabul, but; there is far greater danger politically in letting, -as now,' the vessel of the State drift on the:rocks .through the pttot officer not being close to fhcTielm, and in leav ing delicate arid complicated relations, %Mch may involve two, great empires, in the hands of ig- * norant-natives—open to bribes, and" with6Ut con trol "Where Bassian agents go; English ones can; Calcutta and London are too distant" to judge of emergencies, or. to unravel the complex web of native, intrigue.—Peace Hocielti/s Papier*. A Tklbgrapii Malady.—Telegraph clerks will hear with alarm, of telegraphic paralysis,! a new malady reported by a IVench physician to the. Acad&nie; des Sciences. An: employ^ who had been, engaged in a telegraph oflicefor nine years, found that he could, not fonu clearly the letters U, represented by two dots and a stroke; .1, by two dots, .and S by'tliree dots^ On faying to trace the letters .his" hand became still' and cramped. He then' endeavoured to ' "use his thumb alone, and this succeeded for two years, 'when his -thumb was .similarly attacked, andhe: subsequently tried the first and second fingers, but in two months these were ^Iso paralysed. Finally, liehad recourse to thewrist, which also 'shortly became disabled. If he forced himself io use his Tia.ndj both hand and surin shook vio lently, aud cerebral excitement ensued. It ap pears that this disorder Is yeiy <x>mhion among telegraph «lerfcs.—(graphic. 'iS 'Orrosirioir - to the " TmWv Newseapkr.,-^ A coireapondent of the Leeds Mercury Btates that the rumours about the new daily paper to be es tablished in opposition to Ihe Times become mote andmore defined,, It is*fctatedthat Ameri can money will be found to start the paper, and thati the American system of obtaiuing infor mation at any cost will be followed. -Amojig are M^JMmund Yatesj Mr. J. Crordon sS^t {Mew York Serald), Str. Labpuchffl-ej andoth^s. ft is probable, also, that ihe great feature: of r American journalism inownas "personals," th&*. absence of which in our newspapers M . quently deplored by Americans in this country, will be prominent in this new enterprise. A name: The Planet, has been suggested for i&e; #apefc.! • ■ ... 