. i THE, ENGLISH CHURCH. The first of a series of lectures on "The antiquity, independence, and characteristics of the English Church, historically considered, was delivered by the Bishop of Tasmania at at David's Cathedral last evening. Divine service was held at 7 o'clock, at which the Rev. Canon Bromby, the Rev. R. Wilson, and the Rev. J. Mace assisted. His Lordship took for his text, "Built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone " ; Ephesians ii. 20. His Lordship said he had not chosen to deal with this subject in an ambitious or a controversial spirit, and he disclaimed any intention of attacking the beliefs of other Christians. He simply desired to supply a common omission on the part of authors and teachers, a knowledge of the history of their own Church, so that her children are often ashamed when they are asked, when did their church begin to exist, whence did she derive her authority and her right of mission, and why they were members' of her body. His object would be to supply them with an answer, or stimulate them to find one, to such enquires, from the teaching of history. On this occasion he should content himself with little more than explaining his object. He should in the first lecture trace the history of the church is within whose fold' they were baptized, from the beginning, and in later ones trace its continuity through the era of the Reformation down to the present age. He should bear in mind the necessity of forming a distinct idea of its independence, as well as antiquity, in centuries antecedent to the mediaeval ; its title to self-government at all times, though unclaimed for a season ; its reassertion of that title at the Reformation, and its consistent adherence then and since to those principles which distinguish it alike from the Roman Church and other communions. If this title be upheld upon the testimony of history, then it would follow that the Church of Rome, in spite of her claims, stands in the same relation, so far, as do various non conforming denominations which from ignorance of history, or from conscientious rejection of its lessons, had separated themselves from the Anglican National Church. In another view, however, the Church of Rome stood distinguished from other non-conformist bodies. While they were content to claim for themselves the privilege of multiplying converts, the Church of Rome arrogated an authority over other churches. The ground of this claim may be thus stated-he put it in a syllogistic form adopted by one of her own 'advocates: "All Christians were subject to the authority of the Church of Christ ; the Roman Catholic was the true Church of Christ ; therefore a Protestant (meaning every one outside their communion) was subject to the law of the Roman Catholic Church." In that most explicit summary of Roman faith, the creed of Pius IV., occurs, " I acknowledge the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Roman Church, the mother and mistress of all churches." Could this claim be sustained? Was she mother, and ia she mistress of all churches ? He would show, first, that the claim of supremacy was never allowed to Rome during the first centuries of the church and secondly, that there existed a church j in England before the period when Rome challenged for herself such supremacy. If he had time and opportunity he would also show that and doctrine that we arrived at the Reformation, was known throughout Christendom antecedently to such supremacy. With regard to the first point, he would begin with apostolic days, and he said very fear lessly that neither in apostolic documents, inspired or uninspired, was this claim demanded or allowed | on behalf of St. Peter, on whose pre-eminence the claims of the Bishop of Rome depended. In referring to the passage on which reliance was laid, " Thou art 1 Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church," His Lordship said they might ask what had a 't rook " to do with supremacy or authority. The interpretation which was put upon it by the Romish Church Peter never claimed for himself. I Every link was fearfully weak, and what was of great importance was this, that the early Fathers, though differing in their close interpretation of the words, agreed unanimously in applying the words to St. I Peter personally, not officially. The apostle fathers, that is, those who lived in the first century, and were more or less closely united with the apostles, were five in number. Not one of them learnt from the apostles this doctrine of Peter's superiority. That no supremacy was allowed to one bishop over the rest, or to one church over other chu rules, there was abundant proof in the historical records of the second century. His Lordship I wentontorcfortothegreatdisputowhicharoseinthat ! century in the Christian Church as to the exact day when K inter should be kept. The Eastern Churches, like that of Ephesus, took one view ; the Western Churches, like that of Rome, took another. Paren- thetically, he might remark, that the ancient British Church took the" Eastern view, and that this was not the only evidence that she derived her origin not from Rome, but; from the East, an evidence, this, of her traditional independence. He then spoke of the subject of controversy in the third century, whether those who had been already baptised by heretics should or should not be re- ' baptised and proceeded to answer the question, ! could we deny that there was historical evidence that at a very early period considerable difference ! was paid to the Roman BishopS? Of this, there was certainly no doubt, and for this there was little cause for wonder. Rome was the centre of the civilised world, the mart and capital of the last monster empire and the position of its Bishops would necessarily be one of superior dignity. In the first of the four great General Cmino'ils, that of Nice, A.D. 325, it was expressly stated that priority was given to the Bishop of Rome, because Rome was the Imperial City. In the fourth General Council, the second place was given to ( 'Constantinople, because it had become the capital of the Eastern empire. From this accidental pre-eminence of the Roman Bishops, had really arisen those vast pretensions, which had found their wonderful development in our ago, in the Vatican dogmas of the Pope's infallibility in all matters of faith and morals. If that eminence really sprang originally, us he had shown, from the political influence of Rome among the nations of earth, it should fall now to the Primate of the English Church, and not to Rome, He therefore granted the claim to Rome that at the councils precedence was given to her bishops, but he must disallow, and his dis- allowance rested upon the clear teachings of history, upon the evidence of fathers, and upon the decrees of Councils, that enormous superstructure, which partly ambition, and partly expediency, had for ingestion building up upon so Ainuy a foundation ; the enormous claim, first of universal dominion, and eventually, in the year 1870, of an infallible authority nothing less than confining the operations of the Holy Ghost to the mind and utterances of a single man, * > - 