THE VATICAN DEGREES. We continue our digest of the correspondence that has been evoked on this subject. Mr. George Bowyer, writing from the Temple, and asking why Mr. Gladstone did not. speak before, concludes his letter by saying :- j ' i j " I assert, with our Archbishop, that the allegiance of Catholioa-nay, Ultramontanos-is as undividod^audtheir obedience to the temporal Hw as complete, as those of Pro-" testant who believe in the paramount obligation of Divine and moral law. The only A Marquee is that the rule of faith, with Protestants of same judgment, and that of Roman Catholics is the infallible voice' of spiritual authority, which we believe to be under Divine guidance. "I also assert that the decree of the Council has made, no change whatever affecting civil allegiance. For., ' whether infallibility be exercised by the Pope a cathedral or by the Pope in Council, its essential nature and extent are precisely the same and that infallibility is confined to dogmatic decrees defining that which the Church holds in faith and morals, and does not extend to political or cool sinstical note. So tho doctrine of obedience, which claims Mr. Gladstone, only extends to matters relating to the discipline and government of the Church-quw ad discs plans at regimen Fxclciw pertinent ; and in this respect" the decree of the Council is strictly and entirely declara-' tory of the ancient, immemorial, and perpetual law of the Church. as I deny that my loyalty and ray patriotism differ in any respect from those of Protestants, and understanding allegiance according to the common law, I repudiate the notion of allegiance to any foreign authority." The following letter from Lord Camoys -a Roman Catholic nobleman-to Mr. Gladstone, appeared in the . Times of November 14 : . " Henley-on-Thames, November 18. "Dear Mr. GladBtono,-In your ' Expostulation' you. have appealed to these English Roman Catholics who confirm the views you have therein expressed. Ah I am one of those who so concur, I am bound to say so, No one is more entitled than yourself to an expression of oonfl.dop.oe from those who have benefited by the great principles of civil and religious liberty by which you have been invariably guided. I concur in the proposition you have stated, though I regret in reference to the reign of Queen Mary you should have considered it necessary to me the term 'bloody.' It is necessary to argue upon thoaoouraoy of the expression.. That word has always been and is offensive to the Roman Catholics, and was not needed to support your assertion. I believe it to be perfectly true; since that reign it was not possible for the party to whom you allude I presume the Ritualists, and you might have added for the Roman Catholics, and I add for both combined-though they might tend to overthrow the Established Church, yet could never make this a Roman Catholic country. Lord Acton and yourself have drawn attention, and quite appropriately, to the language held by the Roman Catholic clergy and laity previous to Emancipation, was the distinction between the civil and spiritual duties of Catholics was clearly defined and infallibility emphatically denied. Had any Catholic of importance then said I am a Catholic first and an Englishman after and that without the slightest reservation and had that expression been defended by a Catholic Archbishop of that day as it has been defended by the Archbishop of Westminster, I very much doubt if Catholic Emancipation would have been granted. " In noticing your 'Expostulation' the Archbishop of Westminster, in his published letter, said that there is no change in the obligations of the Roman Catholics to the civil power in consequence of the publication of the Vatican Decrees. Now, is this so ? It is not likely the present will adopt against Queen Victoria the course pursued by the the Pope against Queen Elisabeth, but there is no telling what edict might be issued by the author of the Syllabus. " Assuming an edict were now issued tending to weaken or destroy allegiance, what a different position a Roman Catholic would be in now from what he would have been in then! Infallibility was not then a matter of compulsory belief, and he would have been at liberty to refuse compliance with such an edict ; but what would be the effect of this belief in the personal infallibility ? He must either withhold his allegiance on the one hand, or risk IiJb salve from the other and is not this a new obligation ? To be compelled to believe under severe penalties now what we were at liberty to disbelieve then with impunity, is surely a new obligation. As an independent English Roman Catho- lies I consider it my duty to make this response to your appeal. Much may be said of the serious difficulties that many members of the Roman Catholic Church throughout the world will be placed in by being compelled to believe in the Vatican Decrees. For myself, I will say that history, common sense, and ray early instruction forbid me to accept the astounding and novel (novel, at least, in its present promulgation) doctrine of the personal infallibility of the Pope, though limited, as asserted, to the large domain of faith and morals. \- JP "I remain, yours faithfully. " Camoys," _ A second letter was written by Archbishop Manning for circulation in America, and was by the courtesy of Mr. James Gordon Bennett, of the New' York Herald, communicated at once to the English Press. It was as follows: 'V Dear Sir,-In answer to your question as to mv state ment about the Vatican Council, I reply as follows I asserted that the Vatican decrees have not changed by a jot. or a tittle the obligations or conditions of the civil obedience of Catholics towards the civil powers. The whole of Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet hangs on the contrary assertion; and falls with it. In proof of my assertion, I added. That the infallibility of the Pope was a doctrine of divine faith before the Vatican Councils was held. in the second and third parts of a book called ' Patri Privilegium ' (Longmans, 1871) I have given more than sufficient evidence of this assertion. 2 That the Vatican Council simply' declared an old truth, and made no new dogma, 3. That the position of Cal holies, therefore, in respect to our allegiance, since the Vatican Council, is precisely what it was before it. 4. That the civil jurors of the Christian world have hitherto stood in peaceful relations with an Infallible Church, and that relation has been often recognised and declared by the Church incite councils, The Vatican Council had, therefore, no new matter to treat in this point. 5. That the Vatican Council has made no decree whatever on the subject of the civil powers, nor on civil allegiance,. This subject was not so much as proposed. The civil obedience of Catholics rests upon the natural law, and the revealed law of God. Society is founded in nature, and subjects are bound in all things lawful to obey their rulers. Society, when Christian, has higher sanctions, and subjects are bound to obey their rulers for conscience' sake, and because the powers that be are ordained of God. Of all that the Vatican decrees can have changed nothing, because they have touched nothing. Mr. Gladstone's whole argument hangs upon an erroneous assertion into which I can only suppose he has been misled by his misplaced trust in Dr. Dillinger and some of his friends. On public and private grounds I deeply lament this act of imprudence, and but for my belief in Mr. Gladstone's sincerity, I should say this act of injustice. 1 lament it as an act out of all harmony and proportion to a great statesman's life, and an the first event that has overcast a friendship of forty- five years. His whole public life has hitherto consolidated the Christian civil peace of these kingdoms. This act, unless the good providence of God and the good sense of English- men avert it, may wreck more than the work of Mr. Gladstone's public career, and at the end of a long life may tarnish a great names remain, dear Sir, your faithful servant, of Hekuy Edward, Archbishop of Westminster. " Westminster, November 10. Lord Herries a Catholic nobleman takes a different view from that of the two Catholic nobleman who had been first to address the Times. He is as loyal, but he takes a different theological position. He says : '¿ SIR-You have given publicity to his opinions of two peers, on the subject of Mr. Gladstone's expostulation referring to the recent Decree of the Vatican Council as regards the infallibility of the Pope. a They may be the opinions of the two individual peers, but they are not those of the Catholic body, and I, as a Catholic peer, protest most solemnly against them, as being neither consonant with the faith of the Catholic Church par with the opinions of their Catholic fellow-countrymen. ? A Catholic believes that an Almighty 'Power of infinite wisdom and of infinite truth established His Church to teach all truth till the end of the world. As such that Church must be infallible. " The Pope is Christ's vicar on earth, and when he speaks as such he must, by nature of the Divine authority committed to him, be infallible, or the promises of Christ must have failed. The Vatican Council has declared this to be of faith, and as such all Catholics must accept it What is difficult to define in words where spiritual and civil authority might clash. Conscience can best decide each one's duty. Civil power might command the practice of idolatry, the denial of faith, or the essential practices of religion, but no Christian could obey such a command. "It is sad that so eminent a man as Mr. Gladstone she said throw out such a firebrand to rekindle the religious strife of GI had hoped) long past and long forgotten years. I regret also, that he should have raised doubts affecting the loyalty of his Catholic fellow-subjects. I, as one of them, in the honest sincerity of my heart, desire to repel so unjust and serious an accusation. "I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, 'A" . HEEEIEb, " Everingham Park, York, November 14. The next communication of importance that we find is one from Mr. Henry Petre, a scarlet member of the old Catholic family of that name, but who, as will be seen, is at issue with the heads of the house. His letter is notable for the' outspoken boldness with which he says, " An English- man first, a Catholic afterwards." It is as follows: ," Sir,-The importance of the question so ably and seasonably raised by Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet on the late Vatican Decrees must be my apology for seeking to occupy valuable space in the columns of the Times. The plain and straightforward statement cowMnod in Lord Camoys's letter speaks for itself, and its sound, common sense needs neither support nor confirmation from any quarter. It will be no exaggeration to affirm that among the Old Catholics of Er'gfc"di however loath they may be to appear in open opposition to the authority of their Church, there are many who watch with anxiety, not unmingled with regret, the reckless and irrational proceedings of the Ultramontane party a party seeking to impose upon the world, with all the means of powerful combination at its command, the astounding claims <^i<"g from the Vatican claims, and pretensions long since supposed to have been extinct' which now fh their roBusoitation are tending to open hostility with modern progress and to collision with every civil authority to Europe, For one who in early youth acquired the I tenets of his faith in the midst of a community re- ] nowned as the staunchest and most learned bulwarks of the Church (lean refer to no others an the distinguish"'! i Order of the Society of Jesus), I for one can affirm with (Lord Camoys, in support of Mr.' Gladstone's state ment, that dogmas now insisted upon as Articles of Faith ? were not then presented in that letter. The Archbishop of Westminster, 'Abbey' and powerful logician as' he is, my fence as he will with the meaning; and import of words, but the stable In fact must stand him in the fact that whatever may have been the individual and irresponsible opinions of those. grants in times gone by, still flin dogmas of the Immaculate Conception and the personal Infallibility of the Pope have been recently promulgated to the 'Faithful' for their acceptance as Articles of Faith, and, as such, are additions in ancient Doctrine. The claims of the Vatican to supreme and infallible authority over all things pertaining to faith and morals, the limits of which the Vatican is al me to decide, embrace so vast and increase in range, entering into every relation and branch of human life, that we may easily contemplate the Power of the Church dashing with the Civil Authority, Under such circumstances, the only reply a loyal subject could possibly make to Mr. Gladstone's appeal would be An Englishman first, a Catholic afternoon have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, " Hbkry Pktkb. 12, Berkeley-square, November 15. Mr. Horny Stourton (B.A., Oxon), "boaring a name well known as having ever been Catholic," writes to disown the views of Lords Acton and Camoys, and maintains that " they represent few besides themselves in this country," In his letter he says : "In accepting the decrees of the Vatican Council, then, we only obey an authority never denied by any Catholic till the present time. As our principles are the same as they have over been so will our conduct bo. Catholic loyalty in times past cannot be denied. When the Spanish Arm side invaded our sense, not only was a Catholic intrusted with the command of our forces, but thousands of other Catholics placed their lives and fortunes at the of act of their Sove- reign-no other than Queen Elizabeth. when, again a, after more than two centuries of oppression, we were allowed to take our places as Englishmen, the loyalty of the Catholic body at home and abroad has been above bill picion. Our principles and our duties are unchanged ; and as we have kiss days been, so we shall continue to be true and loyal Englishmen." Lord Langdale, deprecating the letter of Lord Camoys, writes to him to say : " My father and many of his contemporaries, before and after Knianoipition, always hold the doctrine of the pur tonal infallibility of the Pope.' My own education commenced soon after 1829, and, unlike you, history, common sense, and early instruction led me, like them, to believe as I do now-that the head of the Church is infallible when teaching ex cathedra. " The difference between us and our children is this that they will believe it because a Council of the Church has declared it to be an article of Catholic faith. " The time seems to think you are troubled, ' less coal for able in consequence If this is so, I am sorry for it, and wish I could convey to you my own footing of perfect satisfaction that I, nor any one, can be a less earnest and loyal subject of Queen Victoria because I believe Pius IX. infallible in faith and morals." ' Monsignor Capel, the head of the Catholic University College at Kensington, deprecates taking Lords Acton and Camoys as authorities, and expounds the case as follows: I "-I. Excellent as are those noble peers, they are in no way representatives either of Catholic thought or of the Catholic laity. They take little or no part in the life of the Catholic body in this country, and would not have the shadow of a chance to be chosen as spokesmen of our laity. "2. Lord Acton, having made statements imputing atrocious charges to the Holy See, is bound in common justice to give equally publicly the authorities on which these rest. 3 If Lord Camoys seriously and obstinately refuses to accept the doctrine of the personal infallibility of the Pope,' then does he make shipwreck of the faith, and B' no facto separate himself from communion with the church and the See of St. Peter, j "4. Before the Vatican decree all Catholics were bound to hold that the gift of infallibility belonged to the Church that it was exercised by the teaching body of the Church united to the Pope, either dispersed in daily teaching or I assembled in general Council and that this infallibility I was exercised over the whole field of ' faith and morals.' I j 6 After the Vatican decree, infallibility neither in its nature nor in its scope was added to it was only decided that the ex cathedra or official utterances of the Head of the Church were so directed by the Holy Ghost that they could not be at variance with the truth. This did but assert the unerring exercise of the infallibility of the Church through its head. ! "6. It is therefore a misunderstanding on the part of Lord Camoys and Mr. Gladstone to imagine that the Vati- can decrees in any way touched the former domain of an fallibility. If it were justifiable to emancipate Catholics, and extend to them the political privileges of other of her Majesty's subjects previous to 1870, there is not the lo tat reason now for raising a new cry against them. ' ! "7. The Church has always held (nO That all power, civil or ecclesiastical, emanates from God. " (20 That both, therefore, are to be honoured and obeyed. '. (r.) That the ecclesiastical power is superior to the civil, and defines the limit of one and the other. 7, (<f.) That where the civil power passes its proper once since, then has the Church the right to raise her voice and condemn it " 8. As in fulfilling the precept, ' Honour thy father and thy mother,' cases may arise wherein the child must obey God rather than its parent, so likewise it may unfortunately happen that the State may abuse its power, and conscience, clearly perceiving this, legitimately refuse obedience, but as the exception in the first instance does not justify in iii speaking of a divided allegiance, neither does it in the second have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, " T. J. Carmody. November 15. Mr. Bowyer, who had previously written to oinfute'Mr. Gladstone, writes again to express, his inability to agree altogether with Monsignor Capel. He says : " SIR-I think it my duty to state, with most profound respect, that I cannot assent to the following proposition laid down in Monsignor Capel's letter, unions it be considerably qualified : " The ecclesiastical power is superior to the civil, and defines and limits the one and the other. "? This is more a theological proposition than an established principle. In one sense it is true, but, in another it is incorrect and dangerous. The ecclesiastical, or rather the spiritual power is supreme, and therefore superior to the civil power, only within the limits of the spiritual jurisdiction. In the same sense, and in no other, the spiritual power limits its own authority. There fore the' civil power is not bound by this limitation or definition except where it does not trench on the province of the civil jurisdiction or civil government. The two powers are intended for different purposes, which are attained by different meanS. The Church was never intended for civil government, and it has no machinery for that purpose. Its whole constitution is framed for a different one. It cannot, therefore, be superior to the civil power in any matters properly belonging to that power. " The true doctrine is that both powers are supreme much in its own sphere, and this is the correct version of the celebrated Docretal Utiam Sanctum. Cases of apparent conflict occur, but if they be considered carefully and did passionately the difficulty will vanish and the Concord « Saccrdotii et Impct it will be maintained. Unfortunately, ecclesiastics sometimes push spiritual rights to extremes, and statesmen pillage the Church, abuse it, and persecute it for their own political and ambitious purposes, or to satisfy the prejudices and the passions of the multitude. These things injure the peace of society and the stability of Governments, out they do not affect the principles which regulate the limits between the two powers. " I remain your obedient servant, " Gbobqk Bowyer. " November 18." 