TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. + CHAPTER XXXV. STRICKEN DOWN, BY THE AUTHOR OP " LADV AODLEV's SECRET," "ADROEA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; In the early part of March. Sir Aubrey left bis room. He was now pronounced well enough to spend a few hours in the saloon daily, and even to take a short drive in the yellow chariot on a sunny day, when the wind was in a genial quarter. He was very glad, to avail himself of these privileges, and made haste to abandon his lnialid habits, dressed himself as carefully as ever, and reappeared with that gracious and patrician aspect which made him look like one of Vandyke's portraits in modern costume. He thanked Sylvia courteously for her attention to him during his illness, and was kinder than usual to her, forbearing to criticise her conduct iu trifles, and to lecture. " My dear," he said, " I have given you no present since I put my mother's diamond keeper upon your linger. It belonged to her mother's mother, you know, and has a higher value from association than from the worth of the 6tones, which are of the purest water, but small" Sylvia gave a little regretful sigh. She had once supposed that diamond hoop to be the forerunner of a shower of gifts, plenteous as that golden rain which descended on Danae. I have not given you jewels, Sylvia, partly bccause I do not care to see a woman bedizened with precious stones, but more because I do not wish to be associated in your mind with rich gifts. When I am dead and gone you will be rich—rich enough to be a prize for some adventurer, should you be so foolish as to marry again." Hereupon Sir Aubrey opened an oval morocco case, in which reposed on black velvet a necklace of single diamonds, each as large as a prize pea, The silver settiug was so light as to be hardly visible. The necklace seemed a circlet of liquid light Sylvia's eye sparkled. She gave a-gasp of mingled surprise and delight. 1 " How lovely!" she exclaimed. " It is yours, my love," answered the baronet, in his placid way. " I bought the • necklace form duke's daughter; but death stole my promised bride. I giro it now to my true and kind wife." Lady Perriam, not easily melted, burst into tears. " God keep me true to you, in thought and in deed," she cried passionately. " But I am not worthy of your kindness." * "Yon have been my patient nurse, my faithful companion," answered Sir Aubrey, gently. " Dry your tears, my dear. A diamond necklace is not a thing to cry about." " I am very proud of your gift, it is more splendid than anything I ever dreamed of. Rut it is your kindness that touches me," said Sylvia. She had remembered how mean she had thought him because he had doled her out a small allowance of pocket money; how she had ascribed the dreariness of her life to his desire to save expenditure, and, behold, he threw a gift worth thousands into her lap as carelessly as if it had been a handful of summer blossoms. " When shall I wear these diamondsshe asked herself—or rather inquired of destiny— as she clasped the necklace around her throat liefore the glass in her dressing-room. " Perliaps, if Sir Aubrey is inclined to be indulgent, lie will take me to London this year, and let lie be presented, and see the world. It is hard to have wealth, and jewels, and a, title, and youth and good looks, and yet to be buried alive at Perriam Place." • The next day was the brightest of the new year, but Sir Aubrey protested against the yellow chariot when Mr. Stimpson, who was still in attendance, recommended a quiet drive. " I detest being shut up in a coach," he said. " I'd rather' takfe a little walk in the garden with Lady Perriam." ; "So be it, then," replied the doctor, who wished to make his regimen agreeable to so profitable a patient. " I don't know that a walk mightn't be better than! a drive. Only be sure you don't fatigue yoiirself. Just a gentle stroll'up and down the terrace, in the Sunshine, with Lady Poriiam's arm for a support." ! It was about three o'clock yi the afternoon when Sir Aubrey and his wife , went out for his promenade. A bright,'/tranquil, spring- afternoon, onty; the gentlest west #ind }ike faintly stirrin'gth.Q : evergreens, a Calm blue sky with flseoyj-clouds, and' a gentle.sunshinp upon the landscape. There had beon much: rain ately, and the .pastures looked «mera!d"bright against the dam irable Mds, While hei^'ftu'd herqstto^Wtinge ofgr^pi} ehpwe^fai^tlyjon ;he kouthwara-ft^njing hedgerow, > "A beautiful worlds myidear," said Sir Aiibroy, as he surveyed the varied prospect. " I have seen a good deal of ft, but I have found nothing so good as Perriam." Perriam is very nice," replied Sylvia, meekly. "But you will show me a little more of the world some day, won't you, Sir Aubrey?" " Yes, my love, wo will travel a little more by-aud-by, when 16m stronger. I wish your life to be happy. I fear you have had rather a dull winter. But then happily you are not used to society." "No,"answered Sylvia, "Perhaps that's why I long for it more than other people." "True, the unknown is ever delightful, You remember what Pope says: ' Man never is, but always to be blessed.'" " I hate Pope," replied Sylvia impatiently, upon which Sir Aubrey gave her a brief lecture on the folly ot hating a poet whose philosophy is as correct as his versification. The effort appeared to exhaust him, for he drooped a little on his second perambulation of the terrace. " I am not so strong as I fancied myself this morning," he said ; " I feel a little shaky in spite of the support of your arm. Til go back to the house after this turn." They lingered a little for Sir Aubrey to rest on the spot where they had stood when he asked Sylvia to be his wife. Sir Aubrey lodked down at the little green churchyard with a dreamy gaze. The very spirit of tranquillity pervaded the scene. The gray old church- tower, with its quaint corbels and water-spouts and varied tints of moss and lichen, stood out clearly defined against the clear cold sky. Death wore its softest aspect iu that placid valley. Mild as the atmosphere was the invalid shivered. m go indoors, my love," he said; " I am not strong enough for walking yet" They went back to the house, Sir Aubrey leaning a little on Sylvia's arm, and sighing once or twice during the journey, as if it were rather a troublesome business. The invalid returned to his easy chair by the fire in the saloon, where Sylvia gave him his book, a volume of the " Spectator," whose leaves he turned listlessly now and then, reading a page here and there, and smiling fiaiutly at the fa&iiliar; passages, or murmuring a quotation atithe head of an essay. She arranged the little table by his chair, on which he kept a book or two, the day's newspapers, and a glass of weak sherry and water, and then prepared to'take her place on the opposite side of the hearth, where it was her wont to beguile the sl6w hours with-fancy work. Novels, and, indeed, modern light .literature of all kinds, Sir Aubrey set his face against; thus Woman's fat-orite amusementwas, in a manner, forbidden to! Lady Perriam. But the 'baronet begged his wife to enjoy the afternoon sunshine. "Finish your walk, my dear," he said graciously: " you can come back to me when you are tired of the terrace. I am always glad to have you near me, but you have been too long a prisoner." Sylvia obeyed. She was very tired of that spacious saloon, with its unchanging splendor —chairs and tables always in the same positions—no variety, no look of life or movement. She was glad »to be alone with her own thoughts, which of late had taken shapes that disturbed aud perplexed her. Sir Aubrey's unsettled health gave rise to agitating conjebtures. She knew very well that there was gikilt in many of these meditations. But she had never acquired the habit of ruling her own thoughts; "she let them drift as they would, and the image which oftenest filled her mind was the image of one whom it was the first duty of her life to forget." She walked to and fro fqr about ain hour, and was beginning to think of returning to her post by'the fireside aud her duties of nurse and comforter, when she heard a distant step on the gravel walk, firm, light, and quick—a step that todiinded her of 'Edmund Standon's. She knew that the step, could hardly be his. Mr. Standen's presence in that place'scarcely came within the limits of the possible J yet the sound set her heart beating vehemently, so weak was tbpt undisciplined heart. She walked towards the other, end of tlie terrace, aud saw the well&uown; figure of Mr. Bain;'the lawyer, 1 He had been away from Monkliampton for nearly amOnthf in the south of France,, with his ailing wife; wliom the doctors had ordered to the' ehorelp of the Mediterranean as her sole chance of surviving the severe winter.' Difficult as it' was for .ShadJ^Jftmlx)! Joatfo'.business, jhe formed his duty as a lyisband, escorted his wife to, Cannes; and (stayed withihor,,until,Jier health had b&on; insomemeasure re-establisliod; ^lonkhampton -had' /been loud iriits praises fpr this domestic - loyalty, though eome'ftmong his clients bad grumbled'a little at tlio Mij' of th'e&'Sw.tiu^^dViser,'!/.'/ J'„ ' . ; tt had beou no. ^maU re^ef to. Sylyia^to, escape , ea^hing, $ajze ^hpsft,3f#ein -eye?, Frwn fee yexy (O^.^^uajyatfi^. \Hth?Shadrach Bain,Sylvia had felt i that here, Was iftvujtto wfoo swas in i the Jmhituof lookin rrjr than the ittrfaC^f tMflW^ii that she had need to guard her soopot thoughts against hU watchfulness. He had dwftTO, courteous to hor—nay, had evinced the most profound respect by his every wopdand action.. Yat, kno wing no juore o£ him than t^t; he Was a good man of business and a tmstod agent of Sir Aabrey's, she fclt an und^qable, feat of his influence. Or, in a word, . she fancied that he knew her. He approached her with his usu&Ugravai; politeness—not ceremonious—but gravely tospectful. , _ _ . "Good afternoon, Lady Perriam. 1 have jud; been with Sir Aubrey, He has been kind enough to ask me to stay to dinner and as ihe dew is felling, he suggested that I should request you to come indoors. « There is no dew yet awhile," answered Sylvia, somewhat impatiently. Sir Aubrey had a tiresome way of ordering her about through the medium of Mr. Bain. "I shall walk a little longer." , , "May I be your companion during that time asked Mr. Bain. "I have no objection," replied Sylvia, coldly. She would have given a great deal to keep Mr. Bain for ever outside the gates of Perriam —yet, subservient as ho appeared, she felt that he was just the kind of man to make het pay dearly for incivility. " Your permission sounds almost like an interdict," said the agent, " yet I will venture to remain. Sir Aubrey must have been very ill while I was in France." " Not worse than he has been several times this winter." " Indeed. Yet I see so marked a change in him. I don't know how to describeit, but it struck me at the first glance, and I was pained to perceive it." "Do you think he is dangerously illt" asked Sylvia, turning upon him with a quick, bright light in her eyes. " No, Lady Perriam. I do not think there is much danger of your being left a widow yet awhile," answered Mr. Bain, with inscrutable gravity. " You really frightened me with your talk about a change in Sir Aubrey, I can see no chnage myself—and Mr. Stimpson says he is improving daily—that there is nothing wanted but the warm weather to make him quite well and strong again." " I am glad Mr. Stimpson is so hopeful. The change which struck me so painfully was perhaps more in Sir Aubrey's manner than Ids appearance—there was an altered tone—,a feebler manner—ran indecision about evenr-- tliing he said. I was talking to him nearly an hour about business, and I had plenty of time to observe him. In a word, he is not the man I left less than a month ago." Sylvia was silent She remembered her own discovery of Sir Aubrey's uncertain memory—that almost childish habit, of re* peating his speeches. Did death begin his iusidious work thus in the slow decline of the faculties i Sir Aubrey was by no means an old man. It was not time for memory to grow dim—for sight to fail—for hearing to grow faint. "Let us go back to the house," said Lady Perriam. " If once Sir Aubrey gets that idea of dew into his head, he will fidget himself till I am indoors.", "You have reason to be proud of such tfioughtftilness on his part," remarked Mr.. Bain. " Yes, it's very kind—but rather tiresome^" returned Sylvia, who was. more catfctid.with Mr. Bain in trifles than with other , people— having that inward conviction that he could see through shiall artifices. ( ' ! V She went... back to the saloon Wore going upstairs to drew, for dinner-—^went back dutifully, to see if her husband Jiad any;furthet need of he* attendance. Though thtfre had been'still a soft gray light in in tho f saloon rejgued deepest dusk,,so inucV of the waning day was excluded by the draperies of those seven tall windows:' The seven'windows, looked white ancl wah jii the twilight, like seven tall ghosts. Thb ha$ burned low, and only shed a ruddy glow 1 upon the health. Lady Petriam stood by'the dodr looking in, Mr. Bain standing just behind her. Sir' Aubrey satriwith'hifl aim hangingioosely; across the arm of the oliair, his head lying back against tho cushions,an openbookat'hisfoet. Ho had Men asleep, no doubt.' ' Stimpson said rest was of great importance." !"I think I'd better replonish the fire," suggested "It Will go but dirOctly if it Wit ,, 1 , < / " . • • •Henrant soMy towntds iio^ear^V.Syiv»a btill iWaiting n«irtko door^td 'eee if thattolleiushin^of thjjfiwyitild^kto S! " J, Ap-„ d^^'. ajid; jJiit, __„ Iry logsigeutly on the ashes, iflm dry.iwood jegani' to sputter and ' ©rkskle ammiediately. g) ^tawungwoo^.vi^ v.! ..MhT/.i The recumbent figure never stirred. Mr. Bain, still on his knees, looked round at his employer. 1 The dry logs burst into a sudden bfaxe which lighted all the room, and shone full upon Sir Aubrey's face. One quick, startled look at that lace, and the agent sprang to his feet,and pulled the bell rope till a loud peal sounded through the house. Then ho bent oyer that motionless figure, loosened the neckcloth, raised the head, all quietly enough, lady Perriam looking on all the while, with terror in her colorless face. She had rushed to the hearth when Mr. Bain rang the bell "Do you think he is deadf she asked, in an awM whisper. "No, I can feel the beating of his heart. Send a messenger to Mr. Stimpson on the fastest horse in the stables," continued Mr. Bain to the servant who appeared in answer to his loud summons. " If Mr. Stimpson is out when he gets to Monkhampton, lot him fetch Dr. Cardross—if he's out, let him go on to Mr. Byfield. llo must ride for his life, mind, and not lose a minute in getting off. And let another messenger—John Bates, he is a sharp fellow—goto Dr. Topsail, of Hedingham. Sir Aubrey has an attack—I fear paralysis. Tell someone to fetch Chapelain." Chapelain, the valet, had heard that shrill peal of the bell, and was by his master's side before the other servant had left the room. There was no time lost. Mr. Bain and the valet laid Sir Aubrey on a sofa, in the most comfortable position they could place him in, and this done, there was little more to do than wait the coming of. .medical .aid. Perriam Place stood midway between Monkhainpton and Hedinghani. Either way the messenger would have three miles to ride, the doctor three miles to come. "There's no hope of anything being here under an hour," said Mr. Bain, who had been wonderfully self-possessed throughout Lady Perriam sat like a statue, hardly less white than the sculptor's marble. Her eyes alone moved, and they kept wandering restlessly from the prostrate form upon the sofe to the anxious faces of agent and valet. "Is there any danger!" she asked, always referring to that one, last, awful hazard of death. She had wished her husband dead, but the wish had been but a vague thought She had shrank appalled from the realization of that half-formed desire. There is something peculiarly awful in a wicked wish being gratified almost as soon as it is formed. It is like the direct interposition of Satan. " A first attack is rarely fetal," answered Mr. Bain, as calmly as if he had been a physician of long practice. " There is every reason to hope that Sir Aubrey maybe quite restored in a fewdays. But it is rather alarming while it lasts." « Alarming!" echoed Lady Perriam. " It is horrible. Is he quite insensible, do you think f " I am not sure. He seems half asleep, I'm afraid this arm is paralyzed. It hangs so helplessly." "And is so cold," said the valet, who was on his knees by the sofe, chafing the lifeless hand. The dreary hour of waiting wore on, Sylvia sitting silent and unobtrusive, Mr. Bain and the valet doing what little they could, yet afraid to do much lest they should do the wrong thing. The ticking of the clock on the chimney-piece,, the wood ashes felling lightly on the hearth, and Sir Aubrey's troubled breathing were ; the only sounds that broke the mournful silence.. : By-and-by, after half an hour's waiting, which had seemed half a day to the watchers, they werestartled _ by feeble, half-articulate sounds, They came from the pale lips of Sir Aubrey, who was striving painfully for speech. When he did speak, after, that laborious effortj his yoice was dull and .hollow. So might Lazarus have spoken when he came out of the cavern at his Master's biding. To Sylvia ! those Strange tones sounded^like the voice fofthe re- arisen dead. "T^V& I been, asleep?"; apkedSir Aubrey, in impeifeptly,formed syllables, as if in awful mockery of a child's , first efforts to shape the wards he hears from others. " Yes, Sir Aubrey." "Very lo«g?" ' "Forsbmetirite" ' •. , ^h^ dimgn^eyes looked ifonderingly about. " ty^ Is • it dark alreacfy i Why don' they light the lamps?" 'Wethqyg^t.,tbis8.ubduedlight,was better for you, Sir Aubrey." " Betterfor/meJ. I'-mnofc ari invalid—I don' mean to be an invalid any more," mumbled the, bftppnet, always, with the.same effort, the : same<uncieftai&amci;!da&ioik; .•They!didftheii: besttfrprevent him talking much, n or exciting himself} but, 1 in tiring to' m^Vfe^ tliBt oti^ Vt W-w. ^IfffiBWW'jKMM^pi^tfijus f he a&ed;, more distinctly spoken before, as if terror gave 'orce to his accents. I can't move; I've lost he use of one side. What does it mean ?" : Neither the agent nor the valet answered phis anxious question. They looked at each other doubtfully. The valet murmured some soothing speech in his own tongue. " I know what it means," said Sir Aubrey; j'it is paralysis, the one disease I have dreaded pver since I saw my grandfather wheoled about Perriam in a Bath chair, with his head liangng on one side, wheu I was a little boy. And ret I hardly thought it would seize me. I bought Mordred might bB stricken ; he has dways been a weak, ailing creature. I never bought I should bo the one." CHAPTER XXXVI. LADY PERRIAM ENGAGES A SICK NURSE. Mr. Stimpson came in a little less than an hour from the time when the messenger started in quest of him. The man had found him at home, and the old surgeon had driven over to Perriam as fast as a good horse and a light gig would take him. He made his examination, ordered the invalid to be token up to his bedroom, and suggested an immediate telegram to a famous London physician. "We must have Crow down to-morrow," he (said confidentially to Mr. Bain, when he had assisted at Sir Aubrey's removal, and seen him made comfortable in the vast four-post bed, which had the grandeur and funereal gloom of a catafalque. " The case is serious, and we must have a good nurse," he added, in a louder tone. Lady Perriam, Mr. Bain, and the doctor were all in the dressing-room adjoining Sir Aubrey's bed-chamber. "Cannot Inursemyhusband?" asked Sylvia. " He likes me to be with him." " As his companion, no doubt—but to attempt anything more in his present state would be to impair your own health. We must get some reliable person to be in constant attendance upon Sir Aubrey. His valet, of course, will be able to do a good deal—but a woman will be wanted as well. I know what ordinary servants are; they soon get tired of sick-rooms." A curious look flashedinto Lady Perriam's face. It had been cold and expressionless till this moment. "I think I know of a person in London who would do," she said quickly. "Has she had any experience as a sick nurse?" " Oh yes—she has had experience. Shall I write to engage her ?" " It would be better to telegraph," answered Mr. Stimpson. " I can take the message, if you'll be so good as to write it." " No, I'd rather write to her. She'll want money for travelling expenses. I can enclose a bank-note in my letter." " Would it not be wiser to get some one from Monkhampton?" suggested Mr. Bain. " I do not know any one in Monkhampton, and I do know this person in London," said Lady Perriam, looking at the doctor, and not at Mr. Bain. " If my husband is to have a nurse, I should like her to be a nurse of my choice, rather than any one else's." This was her first defiance of Mr. Bain, and, trivial as the occasion seemed, Sylvia felt that it was not without its significance. She had an inward conviction that Shadrach Bain wanted to be master in that house ; aspired, in his presumption, to rule her even. Sir Aubrey's helplessness laid the household in a manner at the agent's feet. Now, therefore, was the time for her to assert her supremacy. " I'll write to this person, Mr. Stimpson," she added, without once looking at Mr. Bain, yet feeling that those cold gray eyes were watching her. " You may oonsider that matter settled." " Very well, Lady Perriam. We must contrive to get on till she comes down. You are sure she is experienced ?" "Quite sure. Do you suppose I would engage her if it were otherwise?" " Certainly not, Lady Perriam. Only your own experience of illness has been happily so slight. What is this woman's name by tlie way?" " Carf—Carter," replied Lady Perriam. Mr. Bain observed the hesitation, and a bright red spot that .kindled in the cheek of the speaker and slowly feded. The feeble steps of shuffling, slipshod feet sounded without, the door opened, and Mordred Perriam caine into the room, carrying t an old-fashioned silver candlestick, with a guttering, candle that hail burned almost to the sbeket. It was one ; of the absent-miudpd t bookworm'6 habits to let his candles bijrri down to the socket, and to let his fire go out half a dozen times a day. Custom had inside him independent 'of servants, and he relighted his Own fire, and' had a' stock of candles at hand to fill the empty candltitickfc. No one ever gave less, trouble in a household than lujijnless Mr. Pejmm, y ,, ,.'.. . As he, came • into the. dimly. lighted;> room with the yelloto glare iof that flauiiug candle on liifl face, the game thought entered the kninds of Sylvia and Mr. Bain. They were hoth alike impressed by the awful resemblance which Sir Aubrey's countenance, changed as it was by the paralytic stroke, bore to the face of his younger brother. That painful change •which had aged the elder man by ten years, made the brothers as much alike as if they had been twins. Mordred started at the three occupants of the room in a helpless agitated way for a minute or so before he spoke. "Is there anything wrongf' he asked at last. " Has anything happeued ? It's eight o'clock, and the dinner-bell hasn't rung." " You had better dino in your own room to-night, Mr. Perriam," answered Shadrach Bain; " your brother is very ill." " Is ho worse than he was this morning 1" "Much woise," said Mr. Stimpson, and then he told Mordred about the seizure. " Why wasn't I sent for?" asked Mordred, piteonsly. " You would have done no good," replied Mr. Bain, with his practical air. "Don't agitate yourself, Mr. Perriam. Sir Aubrey will be all right in a day or two, I daresay." " Is he in there ?" inquired Mordred, point, ing to the open door of the bedroom. "Yes, but you'd'better not disturb him," said the doctor. "Chapelain is with him, and he has fallen into a doze. Quiet is a grand point—supreme quiet. No one must go in and out but Lady Perriam." " Very well; I will do whatever is best, though I eliould like to see him," said Mr. Perriam with resignation, yet dolorously. "But please don't keep me away from him longer than is necessary. I am very fond of my brother; indeed I have reason to be so, for he is the only friend I have." Mr. Stimpson said something reassuring. " Would there be any objection to my sitting here for an hour or two ?" inquired Mr. Perriam; " I shall not make any noise, won't speak a word, so I don't think I can disturb my poor brother. I should like to feel that I was near him." "I see no objection," said Mr. Stimpson, " unless Lady Perriam "he added vaguely, appealing to Sylvia. " I have no objection to Mr. Perriam staying here," she said carelessly. She considered Mordred Perriam of little more importance than a piece of animated furniture—wearisome on occasions, but hardly worthy of considers tion at any time. It could matter very little whether he were in one room or another. Mordred stayed, therefore seated in a warm chair by the hearth, rubbing his withered old hands, and shivering a little now and then, or occasionally breathing troubled sighs. Mr. Stimpson departed, after promising to telegraph to a London physician directly he got back to Monkhampton, promising also to be at Perriam Place by eight o'clock next morning. Mr. Bain went downstairs with the doctor, but declared his intention of remaining at Perriam till a late hour. " I have no patients waiting for me," he said, " so Fll stay as long as I can and see how Sir Aubrey goes on. You might call at my door as you go by, and tell my daughters what has happened, Stimpson. They might be alarmed if I were later than they expected." Mr. Stimpson promised to do his neighbor this kindness. Mr. Bain went into the din ing : room, where all was laid ready for Sir Aubrey's small family. There were the three covers set forth with accustomed pomp, far apart on the Great Sahara of table-cloth. Mr. Bain rang the bell with ati air of being quite at home. " Bring me some dinner," he said to the butler. " And you'd better send a tray up to Lady Perriam's dressing-room. She won't come down 6tairs any more this evening, Lady Perriam was in uo humor for refreshments of a substantial; character. She told the servant to bring her some tea and take the dinner-tray away. She was writing a letter when the maid went in with the tea-things; Sir Aubrey's dre8sing?room-opened out of the bedroom on one side, and on the other communicated with that narrow passage which led to Mordred's apartments. Lady Perriam's dressing-room was a small oak-panelled chamber on the other side Of the bed-room, a chamber that in days gone by had been used as an oratory by a certain Lady Perriam of Roman Catholic faith and Jacobite leanings. It:was a narrow slip of an apartment, with a small fireplacein one of the .augles, like those one sees in some of the closets at Hampton Court. Three dark blue oriental jars adorned the high narrow chimney-piece, a fine carving of the Perriam coat of arms stood, boldly out upon the timedarkened , panel abovo them. Sombre green damask curtains shrouded the oiio narrow window and its deep-pushioned window-seat. The wash-stand and dtessing-tiible of darkest; mahogany,"we're 8M11 tad iriconvemeiit. A Chippendale pembroke table, ! with' the feMBl claw and ,ball feet, filled the centre of tlie roooij a tall narrow wardrobe occupied tlie end wall, and, with a secretaire and two-roomy old arm-chairs, completed the furniture of the apartment Seen by the light of two tall oaudles Lady Perriam's dressing-room had a somewhat gloomy air. One might fancy one of the State prisons of the Tower—that room, for instance, where Sir Thomas Overbury was done to death—about as lively of aspect. Sylvia was deeply absorbed in that letter, so deeply that she seemed hardly aware of the servant's entrance with the dainty little silver tea-tray, though the maid, perhaps out of kindly concern for her mistress, possibly out of curiosity, lingered a few minutes to stir the fire, and to draw those heavy curtains a little closer. The letter ran thus:— March 9th. Dear Mrs. Carford, I fiud it in my power to provide at least a temporary home for you, if you are able to fulfil the duties which will be required of you in the position I can offer. In your struggles to obtain a living you may have sometimes been employed as a sick nurse. If that is the cose, and you feel yourself able to nurse and wait upon an elderly gentleman who has just been rendered helpless by a paralytic stroke, I can engage you as an attendant upon my husband, Sir Aubrey Perriam. But it must be understood if you come here that you will say nothing about your past life to any member of this household, and that you will keep the strictest silence upon anything you may happen to know about my father. I offer you this opportunity out of compassion for your sad state, and hope you will give me no reason to repent my confidence. I enclose a ten-pound note to enable you to provide yourself with decent clothes, and to pay your travelling expenses. Please to buy a ready-made outfit, and come by the first train that will bring you conveniently after your receipt of this letter. If questioned as to your qualification as a sick nurse, you must reply that you have had ample experience, but you need give no details. When you arrive here you will inquire for lady Perriam, and you will call yourself Mrs. Carter, as I imagine you would hardly like to be known by the name that belonged to you in better days. Yours truly, This letter addressed and sealed, Lady Perriam looked at her watch. There was just time for a groom to catch the Monkhampton post, which did not go out till half-past nine o'clock. It now wanted a quarter to nine. She rang, and gave the maid the letter, with strict orders that it should be taken to Monkliamptou without a moment's delay. The maid promised obedience. This busines despatched, Sylvia drew her chair to the fireside, and sat looking at the ruddy logs ou the low hearth, and meditating on the step she had just taken. "Have I done wisely, I wonder?" she usked herself. " Surely a woman who has suffered what this poorcreature hasgone through must have learned to keep her own counsel. It is an act of charity to give her a good home, and the day may come when I shall liave need of a friend." Sylvia had hardly thought of her sick husband while engaged in writing this letter. She rose presently, opened the door between the two rooms, and looked into the baronet's bed-chamber. Sir Aubrey lay in a dose, the fitful firelight now shiniug on his pale, altered lace, now sinking into shadow, Chapelain sat in a comfortable chair by the bed, readingthe newspaper by the light of a shaded lamp, which was screened from the invalid by the heavy bed curtain. On the hearthrug crouched the figure of Mordred Perriam. He had crept in from Sir Aubrey's dressing-room, noiselessly as a dog, and had been permitted to remain, unnoticed and unreproved. (To be continued.) PERRIAM PLACE, near MONKHAMPTON, SYLVIA PERRIAM—late CAREW. 