PUBLISHED EVERY WSDNSSDAY ASB 0ATUEDAY MOEKING, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1876. THE REPRESENTATION OP THE DISTRICT, IT does not appear likely that any thing like Btrong party feeling will be evoked here during the approaching election., The feeling that prompted the electors some six weeks back to appoint a committee to look out for the best men that could be got for the position appears still to regulate their action. At a meeting on Saturday last, although four gentlemen were D«med as probable candidates, the meeting declined.to pronounce iu favor 0f them except Mr. Hawker, in the hope, we believe, that some more desirable caudidate . would, yet enter the field j and should such turn up we have no doubt he will meet with a hearty welcome. This, we believe, is from no wish to disparage the three gentlemen who were; rejected. The electors have made up their minds to obtain the greatest possible good for the district in the coming Parliament, and they are anxious to get the men whom, they believe to be most capable of carrying out their views. The re. jection of Messrs. Carey, Boothby, and Laurie was therefore relative, not absolute. . Tho meeting was a fairly represen tative one, and wo think the four candidates pronounced upon may re gard, the; expression ; of opinion given lis about the proportion they occupy in the esteem of the electors j and he bold prophet who would venture to predict at present as to the position the rejected would hold on the poll. Should Mr. Arthur Hardy listen to the overtures made tohirn, and satisfy the electors in his views on public questions, we havelittle doubt he would meet with more favor than anv of the three. J : pare7> as we have already stared, does not meet with favor on account of his inexperience. He has nof. developed any aptitude for political life, and he would enter the House'as a learner. This is held to bo a serious drawback at the present moment. Mr. Laurie committed political suicide, as far as the district of Victoria is^ conceited, whea he gaye iu his adhesion to fluke legislation . and unless he were to make a "fall recantation of his views on that question he would nor stand a ghost" , R chance. How far the electors will conseut to forgive him should he penitently admit his error we are not prepared to say. But in any case should he again enter publio life we would advise him to bestow a little more study on -the questions that occupy the publio mind. He has not hitherto given that thought and at tention to this which a man professing to be a public man should. He has j1!0 S0U1° utter indifference ; and has on others apparently adopted us opinions without due enquiry, We have a right to expect better things ot a member after five years' Parlia mentary experience. Mr. Boothby's chief offence seems to be that he is little known. t He has not yet had time to make his mark in political life j and he has to. a large extent been regarded as the member for Albert. 3u£, an we have said before, Mr. Boothby did his best for the district in the late Parliament, and if it were ihe ploasuro of the electors we should like to see him havo afresh trial in the next; il not for Victoria at least for Albert. So fnr- fche electors havo canvassed tho merits-;of probable candidates almost entirely from a personal stand point. ( Wp cannot," ho\yevej*, ignore their views. "We may oyorloolf slight .shortcomings in a desirable man; but m contest principles as well as PVPstige must have weight with the electors. Ou'this supposition we may reasonably expect that the majority of electors svill refrain from pledging themselves until they have heard the views of candidates at the mooting £xed for the 30th inst. to givo them a chance of unbelieving themselves. Lmotion- GOSSIP,-It is said the Govern ment will put the District of Albert in the last batch of elections, so as to give any unfortunate minister a chanco of retrieving his ill-luck there. Jsopai'tizan feeling l»$ ypt arisen it) tho District of victoria. Mr. Hawker's return i$ generally regardod as pertain; but who is to be the second'man is still an open question. Messrs. Laurie, Boothby, aud Curoy all have friends: but tljese avo «Qt deposed to press tlieir opinions tjt tl)9 present ri)on)ei)t, Tljero! is a general expectation of ij cqmiug niaj) j onij 'tl)e supporters of these gentlomeu want to sco who he is before they commit themselves to « stnr glo.. In the ovent of "the coming man" not turning up probably nil three will go to tho poll; if-lie do turn up possibly some of theiu will retire. The feeling gains ground in favor of payment of members, and all the candidates will be asked to plecjgo tljei^selves to support a measure in favor of tlmt principle, .BALK oi" STATIO.w-Yesterday Mr. Bolto offered by auction the Mount Muirliead, Woak wyuo, aud Iiivoli Bay runs, tho property of Mr. J. Mnoinnos, containing 140 smmro miles of coujitry, with tlmty-eiglifc thousand odd sheep, and succeeded in effecting a sale, The sheep were sold at lis. 7^d. per head, the horses at £10 per head, the cattle ut £4 per head, and the purchased land at £2 per acre, The purchasers were Messrs. M, Mclnnea. Cwer, and A, Watson, Konetta, THE new Presbyterian Ohuroh at Narracoorte was successfully opened on Sunday, the attend' aiioe morning and evening beiug very large, As illustrating the good feeling existing among the religious bodies at Narraooorto, wo may note that the others gave up their own regular services in order to join with the Presbyterians on tho auspicious occasion. The uew Cliuroh is seated for about 300. The collection on Sunday amounted to £182 odd, and included two one for .4100 and another for *50, t 