WHAT HAPPENED IN 1IY BTDDIO. A Fubtes'8 Ghost Stdbz. (CO37CLUDBS.) Ibftmy etudio early, intending to go home to dinner, and return late in (ha evening. Wbenlgot out into the busy streets, Iwas almost inclined to laugh at myself, for my aupei' stitious fancies. The matter-of-fact neonle mor mg about tbc streets, the children pjaying in the square, the passing cabs, the gay shops, seemed to render the idea of any aopematural visitant so absurd, that I almost regretted any arraneement had been made for rflyretnm. When I returned to the square at about half past nine, the lamps were lh\ and the partial darkness of a fine summer night had aettbd softly over the gnat city. I lingered » few minutes on the door-step to finish my cigar in the cool air, so refreshing after the heat of the lone summer dsy. Ulere was a deep orange glowstul Ungeriog' in the north western sky, and the last low twitter of the birds among the trees in the square eameeoftly to the ear. All was so p—'--fc»t around, that I could hardly believe in the object which had brought me back at this hour. It seemed like a dream, and I was almost disposed to adopt the old insane plan of pinching myself to ascertain whether I was awake or not. I turned to go in. As I did ao. Holmes, the square keeper, came in sight. I knew it was just about the time for his departure, and Icon dnded he wss on his way home. Hie fancy came inte my mind that I abonld like to have him within call. 'Good evening, Holmes,' I said, ?' I suppose you're just about thinking of getting home ?' 'Yes, sir, I've had pretty nearly enough of it for one day. Tiring work bemgonyoor feet ao many hours, I can tell yon,' 'I suppose it is. I hardly like to make the request, but I've a particular reason tor asking you to remain later to-night. I can give you a glass of beer if you'll step in. I expect Mr. Duncan here at eleven, and we shall not want von to stay many minutes afjter that.' ' Of course if ife any convenience to yon, su-, IshaDbeTeryKlad to atop, but I hope there'e J nothing wrong.' rtBo, all I want you to do is to ninaia near the dooraand wateh carefully who comes in and out' ' Very good, sir.' Holmes looked surprised, bat as I didoot volunteer any further information, he taade no remark. I spaaed the door and matin. I am compelled to cocfoai that it eras a reusf to me to Iim Holmes wiOi an. tB» matches were ?atheaaanMpisceaeinBal.sBMriaviu.olitsauaa ancb.bia fcssr. and w» aunt hatf-aa-am in tsaWoversbevarJoaa naston ia my toon, ibictTfcibnes inspected 6?^ dm Kgfet of my wfatlmp,top.i»T*rii., according 4o mj oata in «nr, bong aisconnected. WbenlUmai left for Ms port Monde the tjoose.Xsat&nm; to write some letter*. Ined ten mcaaenMy mmtd by bit presence, and lad, to a great extent, bamahed these ?£ ??.Wsonoratitioualeeuisr.wliitili^ previously ^i^_ mnUnmM. The last ray of dsvBgnt W now disappeared from the western sky. She aswer part of my window was conrad ?wMi Ihe conventional green bsiw, but looking -a*abowlhi* I saw tbe atan sharing brightly, and tbo dim lustre of the moon jut beginning «„ ton* die chimney, on the lurtoer side of thesquare. My lamp « hardly suntaent to light the whole room distinctly, still One was lisit enough to discern the various objects ?without much difficulty. Hyletter. were of importance. He contents «- completely absorbed me Uist I lest all .maeilmtnssirf the lapse of time, and suddenly started on hearing a nejgbbourine do* strike .eleven. I eould hwoly bdi«e it pomble, and I took out my watch to eee if I tad not ton —1-t.ln— so; it n rally dim, and I t*ueeted. with a certain amount of astisbebVm, that I should not in all probability be alone mn minutes longer. Aslestst my writing table my back was towards tiie door, and tbe old cabinet was also behind me on tbe oilier aide. I had one more letter to write, and m joH dipping my pen in the ink, when a aught 4oieebehmdn4 Mused me to look round. In sn instant the Hood rushed to my heart in one wud flood. I started from say chair, and, rasping the edge of the table, stood Jenuljagriiivt it, quivering in every limb. Ctaae in front of the cabinet stood the figure «rihepr«rioiu3 night It. famnd was on tbe key. which it tamed with a quick firm motion, and threw open the door. Witboot pausing a moment it then walked towards the door of the room. In another second it would be *°2ln the name oTGod,'I gasps*,' tail me -wnatyonnsh.' It stopped suddenly, esif arrestedby thesound, then turned aa it bid dona on tbe prenons iright.wl looted fixedly at me. Iben it *Tt*!Uto one tnrned. to stone. Tet in TOUmtarily I recoiled. It aeemed to detect the motion and topped with what seemed a half ff.fMpnfl.fiil exprecBon. Then in Ian Dana mi nM, aod ft pointed towards the cabinet. InnmltriedtoarUcnlate. In vain I attempt 4o describe whtt licit! By adesperste eftbrt I recovered myselt « Die cabinet ?' I again gasped oot 53,, mud melancholy face aeemed almost fat with ? smile; the bead wm. bowed in response; then the figure turned, and slowjy passed out at tbe door. When Duncan arrived at ten minute, put ??Wen, hi. train baring been delayed, he f, and me etretehsd on the floor of die studio in a deep swoon. He happened to have some braniy in hie travelling fljsk, and by a judiaoua administration of this, together wn* a plentiful application of cold water, which be found in tie ram, be prauntly brought me to my .rates. The condition in which he had found me, and ?my wBd look of alarm when! recalled wbatl bad nilncaerrl. wen quite sufficient to asms *im that something serious had happened, but it was some time before I grew snSemUy -calm to describe what I had seen. I was yet ?too weak to take (he initiative, but a. soon aa Duncan heard my recital be mond instinctively -towardi the cabinet, and, by die aid of my lamp, began aearehing the interior, wbue I aat Etching him with intense anxiety. His search, umw,niinfm Theinride of the eup ?board, tbe drawer, and mailer recesses were subjected to the moat severe scrutiny, but with -oat (Sect. A keen sense of disappointment stole over me m I watc&id; hie froitleM efforts: yet, so con ?rinced m I that something connected with tint cabinet bad been tbe came of die ghostly notation of tbe but two mgbts, that mj impatience overcame the bodily weakness consequent upon the shock I bad experienced. I rose hastily from my chair, sad snatching tbe lamp Cram Duncan, commenced a careful -scrutiny on my own account. Not a word ro uttered wbue I punned ?myeearcb. Duncan stood by, conscious that lie bad himself explored every crack and ciauuj with the utmost care, and with an ex pression in bis free which indicated the hopdess negsofaay further search. Sffll I wanton, urged by an impulse which was perfectly irreaia -tiUe, examining the same places over and over *gain, and passing my liaira over every portion in the bope of diacoiering some secret epnng or slide. At length Duncan said, -? It is nashes; there ia positively nothing there.' I did not ?reply. I could not. Tbe sense of disappoint merit was still so strong, and (he perfect convic tion that something yet remained to bedii oonred. At length I also felt that it was use less to pursue fiie sestet an; farther, and I As I withdrew mj eyas tram dM upper com partment, a Midden diMigbt tobed into my SnAI still held t*e lamp so high that all the inside of tbe cupboard waa visible, and at this moment it occurred to me diat die colour of the panel at the bad waa not the same a. at the «aeZ Hastily dirosting in my hand,Iagem ?auBed it carefully over die panel, and witha thrinof anxious expectation felt that there was a space of scarcely more than a quarter of so tnebbetween it and die top of tbe cupboard. With some difficulty, I inserted die point of my finger and pulled it forward. It tsUflat before me, an exquisite work of art, painted on pine pUied so that it might not be seen, at tbe back of tbe cupboard; nee inwards, andfirJmgt) ?pses almost exadly. A gnat cry ofdeUxht tirokefromusbotfaaawebelditwitfatambang bands to tie light It was the lost Vktmtl-Jll tit Fear 