? jAii Irish .ghost ' story has generally something t'o d^' - vp-ith ?fc|e«%ahshee, 7 ^of ' dfeath warrier, -hut' -a is^said to : have ,.occurred rjur; the ,wilds of. K-erry the other day is sufficiently-thrilling, although the apparatbh concerned had no hereditary stahdiiig. It seenis that, a woman residing in Glenllesk received a call from the spirit of .-her husband, a 1 ".man "of the farming.: class, idressed rin-ia, shroud and white: stjekiiigs and gloves."; The farmer in white gloves stated that -since' his -death, some months back, although he . ought to be in heavenj;«h'e was.detained: elsewhere on ac-; count iof, owing a: sum of £15 to friends of his, and he beg^d of-his wife tp give him the money. The woman in full faith handed liim £10, 'and promised td bring him the rest in a few; days if. he,came for :it.. Meanwhile she went and told 7 the priest the. circum . stances of the case, and.this gentleman aeted very differently frpm.tlie clerical monitor of Micky Free,'nvho may be remembered by the readers of " Charles -O'Malley." When -the ghost in complete burial costume arrived-for the bank-note, he was at .oxice received by a couple bf police, and proved, as ghosts do :'n our day, to be a mere-pretender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. Tbere was-a toueli-of real dramatic huriaing in. the fatshion in ; which this ." rogiie - -tried- to iinpose on the simple widow. The shroud, the stockings, aud, above all, the gloves, were at once recognised by the' poor' woman as the most fitting garments for her husband, as they werethe last "in which she had seeirhim. If he had presented - himself in the 'more questionable guise-of a flannel jacket and coi-duroys she might have- wondered how he contrived to procure a-change of working clothes. • Here- is 7 a ; hmt -for- spiritualists • whp . have somedifficultyin'reconcihngconcrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The- - GlenMes ghost has' not-'Solved the problem,- but his rigid-adherence .to Charnel'properties ought to be a'lesson to "tho^e whtf-represent-spirits in shooting eoats or Walking dresses.- ; . • ; 