COLUEK 'aiTD' CO. '8 TEOPOSAIi, A3 AMENDED. Brisbane, February 14, 1875. 'The' Hon.' 'the Minister for Works. 'Sirj — Referring to our interview with the Hon. i the Colonial Socrotary, tho Hon. the Minister for Lan'da, and yourself, on Monday, tho 8th instant, in reference tn our proposal of the 18th -September last, to construct a lino of railway from DAlhy to tho Gulf of Carpentaria, ivhon wo explained to yon tho reason why the special conditions then asked for— for tho portion from Dalby to Roma — had been omitted from our offer. ' At that interview- it was suggested to meet the difficulty we apprehended of obtaining a sufficient quantity of marketable land within the parallels ad joining that ; part of tho railway to extond the area from 'which the land to be granted could- be saleoted. We then agreed to consider that'suggoBtion, und now after careful consideration beg to submit to yon tho conclu sions we havo arrived at in respect to that, as well as in other po'rtidus' of our scheme requiring anioiidmont : — '1. That as regards tho length from Dalby to Roma, we' find it will'be quite impossible to pro 'enre within any reasonable parallel distance of the line the required quantity of saleable land, ' and for that reason would , suggest that the Government pay for its construction in cash, which we will undertake 'to do (in conjunction with tho other portions) for £5000 per mile, and ' to become tho property of tho Government on completion. ' 2. That for the portion botwoon Roma and the meridinn of Tainbo, tho quantity of land to be granted and the cost per milo bo the samo as ' that of our original offer. ' 3. That from Tambo to the heads of the Thomson an additional aero — viz., threo acres — ho granted for each pound expended, as a set-off for tho loss of 180 miles of the first and bost paying part of the lino, and the coat of line to be £5000 per mile. ' 4. That for tho portion from tho heads of the Thomson to tho Gulf of Carpentaria, four acres of land bo gran tod for each pound ox pendod, and the coBt por mile tn ho increased to JICOOO, Ui u.vw t.lin increased outlay that will ' prohaly be required to carry the lino above tho luvel of tho great floods of tho Flinders aud thu Norman rivers. '5. That country from Roma to tho Gulf be marked off in strips not oxceoding ton miles in width, and extending at riyht angles to thu . line of railway one hundred milos on each side, | and that wo shall be entitlnd to seloct the land to be granted from each alttmiato strip. ' In overy other respect the original ollbr to remain unaltered.— Wo have the honor to bo, air, your obodinnt servants, '(Signed) J. CoutER & Co.' ,',' Brisbane, .February 17, 1875; 'Messra. Collier and- -Co., A. S. N. Hotel, Brisbane., ? ? , ?'....- 11 Gentlemen,— A meeting o! the Cabinet having boen hold to-day for the consideration of your; proposal to construct n line of railway from Dalby to tho Gulf of Carpentaria, the .Promior lias requested mo to convoy to you tho rouult of our deliberations, v ' Tho proposal laid before the Cabinet waqtno amended one contained in your lottoiu of 14th and loth instant, and inoro fully explained in personal interviews with myself, via. : — 1 ? ''. 1. You proposed to construct a railway from Dalby to Roma for the mini of £5000 por milo, giving the usual bond for fulfilment of contract — tho line to bo opened in threo yuars from datu of signing contract. Payments of 80 per cent, on ongineor's valuation of work to be* 'made quarterly — balanco to remain till completion of contract. Payments to bo one-half in cuuh aud the remainder in Queensland 4 per cont. deben tures, to'bo taken at market price as determined by latest sales. Tho contract price to be reduced by £250 por milo if the Government would find 'the rolling stock. ( ? ?. '2. Beyond Roma you proposed to contract for the extension of a railway to' the Gulf of Car pentaria, to be opened at the rate of 75 miles per annum, commencing from the date on which, by tho first clause of tho proposed contract, you wonld reach Roma. For tho construction of this line you ask; as a 'bonus, from Roma to the meridian of Tambo two acres of land for each pound expended ; from Tambo to tlio head of. the Thomson, three acres j and .from that point to tho terminus on the Gulf,' four acres per pound sterling. For th'e: purpose of selecting tlicBe lands the country adjoining the railway line to be surveyed in strips 'having* ten miles frontage to tho line, and extending back 100 milos on each' side of it, and each alternate strip to'bo ppei) to you for..:tho Rejection within it of the land 'to which''. -under*, this agreement you would be entitled. '. !'...?' .*?' '' You also required that tho land in the alter nate blocks of country belonging to tho Govern ment should not be placed in tho market until threo years after you had received your blocks, and that the upset price of tho Government lands should not'be less than that placed upon them in the' proposed agreement, that is to say, 10s. per acre from Roma to Tambo, Cs. 8d. per acre from Tainbo to the luad of the Thomson, and 5s. per acre from that point to tho terminus on the Gulf.' . ' As a' security for the carrying out of this part of the contract yon offer to give a bond for £20,00-', this bond to be given up on the com pletion of the first fifty miles of railway, when the line itself would become the security. '.The' difference's between this proposal and the one originally submitted appear to' the Cabi-' net to be bo very grout that it is really a proposal ; to negotiate on a fresh basis, rather than an amendment on tho original proposition ; fcli'o effect of increasing tho land grant between Tiinjbo and the head of the Thomson would bo to'givo you about 1,500,000 acres morn than you at first demanded, whilst by ^extending tho alternate blrtcks out of which your selections are to bo made' to ono hundred miles on each side of the railway instead of fifty, the area open to you for choice would be at once doubled. It is however hardly necessary to mention these points, as it is the opinion of tho Cabinet that,' unless provision can be made for constructing the lino from Dalby to Roma by land grunt, the whole negotiation must fall to thu ground. ' Tho construction of this part of tho lino was looked 'upon as the most important iteiu in your original proposal, and the desire to obtain it whs a great inducement to accept your terms ; but if you can only undertake this part of tho work for payment in ca^h, it is not at all probable that Parliament would be disposod at tho presont time to sanction the alionation of 'a largo quantity of land beyond Roma, the value of which will of course be very greatly increased by the extension of the railway to that town. 'I have,- therefore, .to.. inform you that the Cabinet do not think, that, i on the basis now proposed by you, any agreement could be arrived at which they could.recouuueud for the accept ance of the country. ? ? ? .?;..-. ' If yon are unable to propose such terms, for the carrying out of the Dalby and Roma, line as the Cabinet can accept, I shall much., regret the loss of time which this buniness will have occa sioned you ; but 1 trust that you are , satisfied that the Government of this colony have not in any way misled you, since we have been and are always ready to treat on the basis of your ori ginal proposition.- — I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, your obedient servant,. ' H. E. King.' The following important letter closes for the present the correspondence between tho Govorn nient and Messrs. Collier and Co., on the subject of the proposod railway scheme : — '[Copy.] ' Tho Honorable the Minister for Works. ' Sir, — Wo have the honor to ?acknowledge tho receipt' of your letter of the 17th instant, tra versing our letters of tho 14th -and 16th instant, and, with one important exueption, tho substance of our conversations with you since our arrival here. ' At an interview with tho Promier, tho Minister for Lands, and yourself, Mr. Collier ex plained what had actually taken place between iii in and the late Minister for Works in respect of the land about Dalby — that a large quantity of saleable land could probably ho procured in that quarter, and if found insufficient, the re mainder might be got from the Darling Downs or other equally Rateable areas. It is certainly unfortunate that no reference to this was madu in our proposal, but it was thought it could be arranged, with other important details, on arri val at Brisbane. 'The qnnntity of anything like good land in that locality being so much less that Mr. Collier hud understood, and your refusal to grant us any on tho settled portions of the Darling Downs, left us no other alternative than the one we have adopted, and which is contained in our letter of the 14th instant— viz., to construct the lino from Dalby to Roma on a cash basis, for it must bo evident to yon that a railway could not bo made from the proceeds of any land found between these two mints. ' The additional acre for each pound expended for the length between Tainbo and the heads of the Thomson was, we think, only a fair equiva lent for thu loss of the best paying portion of the lino. ' The extension of tho area from which tho laud could be selected, from 50 to 100 miles, we look upon as mutually advantageous, as tho State would have a large quantity nearer tho lino, and the grants would bo less felt when distributed over a greatwr number of lessees. ' With the explanation now ollerod, wo submit that tho ofl'i r contained in our letters of February 14 and 16 d ffer but little from tho original pro posal, and we much regret tho Cabinet cannot recommend its acceptance. ' We will be prepared, however, should tho total quantity of land be increased tn three acros nor pound expended front' Unma to tho Thomson, and six acres thence to tho Gulf, to waive the conditions requiring tho Government to withhold s.ilus for throo years, and fixing tho price at which those sales wero to be madu ; also to agree that, thu lino an completed in sections of tifty miles, filial I, upon thu laud granted being made to us, boooino their property. Should tho Go vernment decline to accept tho above proposi tion, and at any future time fool disposed to re conBider tho question, wo will be prepared to entertain any. practical sohome that may bo Bub mitted to us. ' In conclusion, wo desire to say that wo aro satisfied your Uovornmont has not wilfully mis led ua respecting the laud for the Dalby add Roma portion, this, misunderstanding having arisen through special mention of it being omitted from our proposal. ' Wo havo the honor to bo, Sif, your obediont servants, '(Signotl) J. Collier and Companx. 'Brisbane, February 19, 1875. '?' A Correspondent at Rosowood favorn us with the following account of an act of bravery performed by a South Sea Islander, in that neighborhood, durit'g tho recent floods, and we are glad to seo that tho gallantry of tho man is not to go without substantial reward. Our cor respondent says : — A noble deed was dono on tho 24th instant by a South Sea Islander namod Paulina. A German named Hanschildt, had crossed tho Western Crook bridgo in safety on a woak and jaded horse, and esuayed to cross tho flood across the main road with a viow to reach tho Rosowood station. Ho was soon by Mr. Scot Smith to bo urging his horse, which rcfusod to cross. The result was that the horse fell over the corduroy which forms the approach to {ho culvert, and man and beast were at once in deep water. , A good horse and calm rider would have had no difficulty in getting out, but the re sult of thoir'oflbrts was to send them down the current, tho man clinging to the : horse, .which was apparently dead. Mr. Smith at once caljod Paulina, who ran down to the creek and plunged in. With skill and strength almost' incredible, he succeeded in releasing tho man from the horse and towed him into shallow water. He was speedily restored' by the skill of a 'bush doc tor,' who chanced to be on tho spot, and went homo next day minus, horse, saddle, arid bridle, and hat. I hope you will insert this for tho sake of doing honor to a bravo man. ??' A sub scription is on foot to buy him something as a mark of our esteom for him hero.— ' Brisbano Courier.' Discovert of Tin Oue.— The 'Bairnsdale Courier' has been shown tho finost sample of stroam tin pro ever seen in Gipps Laud parts. Mr. Charlos Sima, an old miner in Spring Croek in tho Jim .Grow country, and for some time pro8peot.or.at Tambo,' loft Bainsdalo in January to prospect tho ranges near the bordor, between Gipps Land and New South Wales, at the insti gation of Mr: Morgan, and has returned with a sample of stroam tin ore weighing about 'ten pounds, intermingled with which is at least half an ounce of rough reef gold. The neighborhood in which ho met with the prospect is at the foot of Mount Bilot, in New South Wales about 130 miles from -Bairnsdale, by way -of the Black Mountains. Theten. pounds' weight of tin oro was produced from about iifteon loads of wash dirt, which was put through an ordinary sluico box, and as the workings aro very shaljoiy, thero being but littlo surface to move boforo getting to the oro, tho finderis jubilant over his prospects. The nature of the country in which the oro is found coiwists first of a layer of 'vegetable mat ter j .below it it»ain a layer of black soil and gravel about a foot deep, bearing tra'eoB 'of .'gold and tin ; and 'below that about six- inclms (if gravel containing a fair samplo of tin; and be neath that a layer of rotten granito reef, in which tlfo heaviest deposits of tiii and'-. gold are found. Somo 80 acrua of 'this country havoheon secured for sluicing purposes, and Mr. Sima will return to this locality of the new find. The tin oro according to assay, is estimated to yield 70Jr per cent, of metal. The foundation stono of a new Wcsluyan Church Was laid in Warwick on the 24th ultimo, by-Mrs. 'W. G. Taylor, wife of tho Rev. W. G. Taylor. The lady, in laying 'the stono, said : — '1 pronounce this Htono.woll and truly laid, in tho name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' A bottle, containing .copies of the local papers, a hymn book, current coins of the realm, and a sample of prize whaat was deposited under tho stone. The mallet aud silver' trowel used on the occasion, both beauti fulspeciuiens of colonial art, wero presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of the subscribers, by Mr. D. Clarke. At a meeting subsequently hold, the Rev. W.G. Taylor road the financial statement, from which it appears that the total amount promised, and otherwise in hand, is £1605 9s. 6d. j that the cost of the present con tract, exclusive of 'plastering; 'will' 'amount' to i £1505 16s. ; and that the church, when comploto is estimated to cost (including land, fencing, internal fittings, &c.;) about £2000. Ho strongly urged upon the members' the desirability of opening the church freo of debt. ' ]t would he a credit to the town, and one which they could be proud' oi. We (' Examiner') understand that the proceeds of'the tea meeting, and money laid on the stone at the foundation ceremony, along with tho voluntary promises of money made in the evening, in connection with which a' great amount of spirit 'was shown by the meeting,;will amount' to tho largo' sum of hetwobn £240 and £250, which speaks very well for the liberality of the Wesloyans of Warwick, especially con sidering the. very large -efforts previously mivde by the members of that church. ' Courier.', Shithism, andwhat Mr. Smith says of ock Religious Denominations.— Vlt had often boon' remarked by persons win) had been ledjby curi osity to visit various places of worship, and to observo and compare the absurd; performances which take place there, on the ono day in the week set apart for tho deliberate and insolent mockery of the Most High, that each company of performers, inoluding tho manager of the en tertainment, has a peculiar countenance, with certain mental characteristics to correspond. Tho Roman Catholic is wonder-loving, credulous, un reflecting and uniuquiring, fond of glitter and show, enamored of theatrical display, and poly theism. One of his gods is a superanuated old gentleman with a long white board,, who has resigned the care of the world to his son, after putting him to death and -raising him to life again ; which son is supposed to be tied to his mother's apron strings, and to be ontirely under her iufhitmco*. Tho Presbyterian . is -usually splonetio and morose, full of pride/ and self rightoousness, hard, cruel, intolerant, and austere. His god is a vindictive fiend, who has created a Binall number of people— chiefly Scotchmen— whom ho predestinated from all eternity tn be everlastingly happy, while ho has also called into existence incalculable millions of human beings, who ure to bo roasted for ovor and ever over a slow fire, at which they will be bastod in their own fat, perpetually grilling, aud yet never perfectly cooked. The Episcopalians worship respectability, cultivate tho ' proprie ties,' like to hear men and boys in whito night gowns carol forth in chorus tho words, 'Lord havo mercy upon us miserable sinners,' and ' Lord havo mercy upon us, and incline our hearts' ti- keep this law;' hold with Charles the First that ' tho Church of England is the only religion lit for gentlemen,' His deity is a sort (jf tripartite arrangement, and every now and then ho repeats a wretched rigmarole called tho Athannsiun Crbed, which ho docs not under stand—nobody over did ! — but which he pro claims must bo held ; for, if you don't ' with out doubt you will perish overlastingly.' The Wesloyan is emotional and erotio ; talks of Jesus as a sentimental girl talks of her sweetheart ! and revels in ideas and imagery borrowed from tho slaughter -housu and the black pudding factory. — Melbourne ' Loader.' The Carmsts and tub CHAN0ELLOR.--Havo the Carlists borrowed ah idea from Bisinark ? Their la to operations scorn to indioato a design to work by moans of Blood and Iiun. 