mb—— LITERATURE. A HINDOO NOVEL. , Novel readers must tiro occasionally of Ihh too much sameness which characterises their mental diet. After reading some half dozen: novels, of the ordinary sort, they must feel like a bushman after a month's devotion to damper, mutton and tea. For the mere sake of a change, if for no other reason,1 they may be recommended to try the bill of fare provided for them in this Hindoo novel,' To say that it will bo congenial to their taBte at first, would be rash ; but if it docs not suit they can take the author's frank advicp and pass to some other quarter. The author's name and calling, as expressed in ' the title page, indicate the singular combi nation of Hindoo and clergyman. Of course he is an educated Hindoo ; as to tho parti cular section of the Christian church with which he is connected, not the slightest hint is giveD, either in the title page or anywhere in the work. Possibly he does not belong to the Christian Church at all, but to the Bramo - Somaj, or Theistic Church of India. His aim - in writing tho novel, although nowliero ex- ; pressly avowed, is perceptible enough; It ' is well known that a large portion of the European community in India regard the natives with tho bitterest contempt and hatred, and most Englishmen at home enter- ' tain similar sentiments. Intolligcht Hindoos deplore the existence of this antipathy be- ; tween the two races, and Beok to pro mote a better understanding. Keshub Chunder Sen, the distinguished preacher .: of the Brahmo Somaj, has been laboring in this direction for years, by : means of lectures, which he has deliverod both in India and in England. The Rev. >' Lai Behari Day seeks the same end by this- novel, in which he depicts the social and do- ' . mestic life of the rural population of Bengal. '': For a Hindoo, however well educated,';' and capable of writing good English, to ad- dress the English public through-the medium i of a work of fiction, is rather a daring ex- ; ; periment, and the Rev. Lai Rohan Day 'is.. fully aware that it is so. In a prefatory , chapter, which reveals the possession of some humor on his part, readers are carefully cautioned lest, coming with great ' expectations to the perusal of his. Humble ; performance, they should bo disappointed J, after getting through a hit of .it, and should > " then turn round and abuse him -as a fellow who, with a view to attract customers, has ' put a misleading signboard over the . door of ; his shop." Amongst tho cautions given by the author to his readers is one to the effect that they are not id expect any'of thoso thril- ' ling incidents which make up so largo a :por- , . tion'of the sensational novels of tho day, since, a3 he justly observes, thrilling inci dents occur but seldom in the life-history of ninety-nine persons out bf a hundred, and in that of most Bengal raiynts never. Another caution, and one needful to be given to Eng. - ish readers, strong as they are in the opinion ... that there can be no -novel without lovo- scenes, is, that they are not to look for anything of the sort here. A novel without ' lovo is. not very promising wo must say;- but tho author Could not help it, if he was to conform his narrative to fact. " I would fain introduce love scenes," he says, "but in Bengal — and for. tho matter of that in all India— they do not make lovo ' in the English and honorable sense of that - ' word. Unlike tho butterfly whose court- ship, Darwin assures us, is a very long affair, the Bengali does not court at all. Marriage is an affair managed entirely by tbe parents and guardians of bachelors and spinsters, coupled with the good oluces of a professional person, whom the reader may meet with in the course of this narrative." All the . ordinary elements of entertainment being - thus eliminated, what is there left ? Quite enough to make us feel interested in a group of humble individuals belonging to a race , of whom wo have hitherto known but little, and for whom, unfortunately, we have cared . less. This is a result of which the author , may well be proud ; and the result is due, not to sensationalism, or fino writing, or moralising in any way, but to the ; very simplicity of his narrative, to his strict fidelity to nature, to his close and eyinpa- i thetie observation of native character, and ! above all to the individual vitality and visi- bility he has imparted to the subjects of bis story, thereby making us feel that these poor Hindoo? are very human, so like ourselves in their joys and sorrows, in their talk, and even in thoir superstitions, that henceforth they must take a warm place in our memory. . A pleasing picture is set before us at the outset of a largo, and prosperous Bengali village, its temples and tanks, its mud-built, ' straw-thatched cottages, its mango and tamarind "groves, and its surrounding fields of rice and sugar cane. Wo are introduced to some of the domestic interiors of the village, and while placed on friendly terms with the blacksmith, the barber, tho weaver, tho spice seller, the midwife, the priest, the schoolmaster, and other notabili ties of the community, we are invited to - cultivate acquaintance especially- with a family belonging to the raiyat or agricultural - class. Tho males of the family were three brothers : the eldest, Badan, who, at the com mencement of the story, was about thirty years old ; Manik, the second brother, was about twenty-five ; and tbe third, Gayaram, about twenty. Gayorom hod charge of the cows, Badan and Manik attended to tbe cul tivation of their small farm. The other - members of the family were Badan's mother, - Alanga ; his wife, Sundari ; his son, Go vinda ; and his daughter, Malati; and Gayaram's wife, Aduri. "Alanga was the mistress of the household. Her son Badan paid her boundless respect, and always agreed to every domestic arrangement she made. Nor were her other sons and her daughters-in-law less obedient to her. Badan's wife, Sundari, might be expected, according to English notions, as the wife of the head of the family, to feel aggrieved at her being deprived of her rightful authority as the mistress of the house. But such a notion is never entertained by a Bengali wife while her mother-in-law is living. And the idea never occurred to Sundari. She deemed it her duty, and esteemed it a privi- lege, to be under the guardianship of her husband's mother. She was thankful that all domestic affairs were under the manage- faent of one so much older, wiser, and more experienced than she. As the eldest danghter-in law in the house, Sundari was the cook of the family, in which work she was assisted by Gayaram's wife, Aduri." Sudan's little daughter was the joy of his life. "After the fatiguing labors of the day in the field, he would of an evening sit cross- legged on the open yard of the house, and, with hookah in hand, would listen to her sweet prattle reciting the incidents of the day in the little family. Nor was she less useful than agreeable. She assisted her mother and grandmother in fifty little things in the house, and also in going on errands, bringing from the village-shop mustard, oil, salt, and other little articles for daily con- sumption; and taking to the fields the dinner of her father and her uncles." When, the boy Govinda reached his sixth year, the question of his education was agitated in the household. Badan, who had sadly felt his own educational deficiencies, was desirous that his son should be initiated into the mysteries of reading and writing, but the prejudices of the grandmother had to be overcome. Her views on the question were thoroughly conservative. "Reading and writing do not suit poor people like us," so she said. "Did your fathers ever learn to write and read? Why should you wish your son to do what your forefathers never did ?" To her objections Badan's reply was simple and effective. "The days in which our fathers lived;" he remarked, "were days of piety and virtue. There was no cheating, no op- pression in those days. Writing and reading, therefore, were not essentially necessary. But in our days, men have become very de- ceitful—they fear neither gods nor men. It is necessary to learn to read and to write, that we may not be cheated and oppressed." Alhuga submitted and set about spinning cotton thread, sufficient to make for the boy a dhuti, i.e., a piece of cloth to wrap round his waist, for hitherto he had been allowed to revel in the unrestrained freedom of primaeval nudity. One morning Badan and Govinda proceeded to the house of Rama Rupa Sarkara, the village pedagogue, who held his school in the yard of his house; in the shade of an umbrageous kautala tree. "Well, Badan, what is the news? what brings you here?" asked Rama Rupa seated on a mat before about a dozen pupils variously engaged in waiting on paper, or plaintain-leaf, or palm-leaf. Badan. You see, makasaya, this boy of mine; I wish to put him under you, that you may make a man of him." Ruma, "Well done ! Badan! You wish your son taught Ickha-pada, a thing you don't know yourself ! Well, you are right. The poet Chanakya says— Vidyaratna mahadhanum, that is. toisiy,'. learning or education is a great tvea- .sur$;".v. Badan. "Yes, sir, that's quite true. A man who cannot read and write is a truly poor man— He is blind. Though I have two eyes, I am really blind, for l cannot read what is written on a bit of paper." . Rama: " Badan, you had better sit down, and smoke; Modo ! go and make tobaoco ready." Boilansat down on the bare ground, Govinda stood near him, and M&dhu;, one of the advanced pupils of the school, went away to get tobacoo and fire; for his teacher. In Bengal, and-I suppose in otberparts of India, pupils, especially in the vil lages, do, without a grudge, even menial services for their teacher ; indeed, they, regard it as an honorable distinction to be so employed. Turning to Govinda, the mahasaya said, " Well, my little man, so. you want to be a Pandit. Gome near me;"' Poor Govinda trembled from lioqd to foot. He had beard from boys of his own age that every schoolmaster was a socond Yauin or Rkadaman- thus,. and every; school a place where boys were unmercifully flogged. He thorefore hesitated to 'goheor'RamaEupa ; but Badan shoved him for ward ,to the.pedagogue, who patted him on the head; and. told him to be a good boy, and not to be afraifl of Shis' teacher. One of the advanced pupilh was then ordered to trace- on the ground thaflrst lotters.of the Behgali alphabet. Badan took. out', the mmkhadi from his boy's clothes, and Sufitiuto his hand. Rama Rupa took hold of lovihda's hand, with the chalk in it, and led it over 'all 'the letters triced on the ground. In the meantime,, the advanced pupil, Madhu, brought, the hookah reeking with the fragrant weed, and putit'ihto the bauds of Rama Rupa. As Badan. and Rdma Rupa were of different castes, they could not smoke id the same1 hookah. ' The latter therefore gave to the former the earthern cup called kalki, which contains tho tobacco and the fire, and Badan grasped the lower part of it with both his hands, and smoked away through the opening between the thumb and tho forefinger of his. right hand. After he had smoked two or three minutes ho returned the lalki to the mahasaya, who began, to puff away with great zest. As the redoubtable pedagogue of Efanchanpur, How.in the act of smoking, is in a state of repose — ahd; tobacco, they say, is a wonderful sedative wo shall make an -attempt to photograph- his likeness; which is not always practicable, espe-; cialiy when, nrged by a tempest of passion— as Was.-frequeutly the case— his body trembles in every-. , iuch.;, with rage, and his cane descends, thiipip", after thump, with electric rapidity, on the hacks of ibis unfortunate pupils. From the form of one of his legs, and the position in which it was put, you might have inferred that lie was fame, and' the .inference would have been con firmed by the sight of a crutch that lay besido him, His lameness > to' say tlie truth, was of no. ordinary kind-; he could with difficulty go, with tho'help of his crutch, from one room to another; and,.as forgoing out into the. street, he scarcely went out even once in six months; Owing to this bodily defect, ho was always called khonu ma An- saya,. that is, the lame schoolmaster, in contra distinction to the Brahman pedagogue. His pupils often lent him a helping hand in going from/room to, room, and sometimes, I am sorry to say,: assisted him to a fall, as a sort of retaliation . for the- caning they so frequently received from him; ! He was about forty years-old; had a dark skin; a spare body, an aquiline nose, and a rather high forohead Tor a: Bengali, He stooped a groat deaC In addition. to hi3 lameness, he had another bodily defect, which considerably marred his. in fluence, ancLmado him often an object of derision: > — iq.qpoke through his nose. When narrating tho-conversafion he had with Badan, wo found ib: impossible to represent hi3 nasal intonation in the English language; though- it wouldhave- been ' quite easy in. Bengali; In uttering the words; "how do you do?" Rama Rupa would say — "hnoio dno ynou dnoY' His nasal t wan was so strong, that, if he were speaking at night, in a dark room, he might be mistaken. by children for a ghost— for Bengali ghosts speak through the note. But though a hopeless cripple as regards his body, and ghost like in his "speech, Rama Rupa had natural talents of no mean order. He was the first mathematician in the village. He had not only Subhankara, tho Indian Cocker, at his fingers ends, but was acquainted with the elements of the Vijaganita or Algebra. There was, indeed, another mathematician in the vil lage who, looked down upon the pedagogue with perfect contempt — and that is our friend Dhum- ketu, the astrologer ; but there was this differ ence between the two. geniuses, that whereas the astrologer dealt in celestial mathematics, the . schoolmaster appliod his. mathematics to things terrestial. But Rama Rupa was hot only mathe matical, ho was eminently, logical. Though- he had not read tho Sutras of Gotama, he was an acute reasoner. Whenever the Christian mis sionary of Yardbamnna came to the village in the course of his itineracy, he did not fail to pay a visit to the lame schoolmaster, who had many a tough argument with him ; and the villagers . al ways thought that the missionary was invariably worsted. The family history is markecl by a series of misfortunes. Soon after Govinda's marriage, which took place at the early age usual, among Hindoos, Badan was carried off by fever. Gayaram was: bitten to death by a serpent, and his widow became a religious mendicant. The old grandmother went on a pilgrimage to tho shrine of Jaggannath in Orissa, and died of cholera on her way home. The duty of maintaining the family now de volved upon Govinda, who continued the cultivation of the farm precisely as his father had done before him. What with debt, and one trouble after another, our hero had: a hard struggle in life. His chief trouble came . upon him in consequence of having inourred the displeasure of the Zamindar. One peculiar specimen of the Zamindar's op pression was manifested in the shape of a de mand that every raiyat should contribute to the mathot or rate which he was resolved to levy on the occasion of his son's marriage. To this demand, which was an unauthorised ' exaction, Govinda's reply was that he would pay when he had the means. The excite ment was great, as we learn from the talk in the spaitliy on the evening that the demand was first made. , There was ICapila, the carpenter ; Madan, the grocer; Ghatura, the barber; Rasamaya, the confectioner ; and Bokaram, tlie. weaver. After the hammering had stopped and the piece of iron had keen put into the forge, ICapila said to Nanda— "Ilavo you heard that Govinda was taken this morning before tho jamidar" Hindu Bengali- peasants call the landholder jamidar, ;aud not saiiuiiefar, " and warned that if he did not pay the mathot within three days,- he would bo handcuffed and taken before' the jamidar 1 " "Yes, sangat told me on his return from the jamidar's house. It is a great shame that poor people should bo oppressed in this way. I do not think, however, that sangat should yield in this matter. What have wo to do with the marriage of the son of the jamidar? That is an affair of his own. Why should -we pay his expenses? " But is it prudent not to pay ? The jamidar is a rich man ; he hasa band ot lathials club-men undorhim. How can a poor man, like bandhu, cope with him?" Nanda, greatly excited, took hold of his hater merand said, "I wish I could give a blow of this oa the jamidar's fat belly and send him to the house of Yama the king of death. What have we to do with his son's marriage ? What have we to do with mathots or abwatis i We will only pay the rent fixed by the itompani Bahadur The East India Company." Ghatura, tho barber, giving a sarcastic smile, said— "Well done Nanda ! You are a great hero ! You show your heroism inthe corner of your hut. You are are a true 'palm-leaf Sepoy '—a very cheap sort of a hero ! But here comes Govinda." Govinda. " Sangat I You are very in discreet. Don't you know that the, jamidar's. spies are all about ? If what you said just now were reported to him by an enemy, it would go hard with you. Don't spealc bo loud, for aught I know somebody may bo listening from behind the wall.? ATanda, " I don't care if it is reported to the jamidar. It is impossible to bear all this op- pression. His injustice knows no bounds; Is there no God in the heavens ? . All tho raiyats have got their bones fried through oppression. The Brahmanas are cursing him loud. takinglhe sacred paita in their hands, and looking- up- to wards tho sun. It is time "we all made a dharmaghatr and refused to' pay the iniquitous mathot. What say you; sangat i" Govinda. ." What you say, sangat, is all truo.. It is no doubt a terriblo oppression. But what can we do? He is rich and powerful, and we are poor people. How can we fight with him ? " There is no very intricate plot in the events which follow, but in recounting the series of heavy trials under which poor Govinda suc cumbed air Inst, our author shows that in writing the history, not of a possible -or of a probable, but of an actual raiyat—mraiyat that may be found at any hour -of any day, in any district of Bengal— ho had a story to tell,, and an interesting story too, as the reader will see. 