: . -.if:.-..) ; ROM'A. ':X FROM OUB'OWNTCORRESPONDEST.-'S— . Wo havo had a week- of unusually sultry., woathor for.this time .of: tho yoar, -and'nsiwo aro<gonerully 'favored with either a feast ora fumino 111-the matter of rain nnd droughts;- I hava'-sundry misgivings thut ,wo are in for a good dose ot t lio tatter tins spring. v/Tt is,fathcr a strange coincidence tlnil. any public event taking place in Rotna/is- followed byr.a batpliv of .'Police coses— a cymomighfcfmutler something I'obout cause- aiid enyct s-bo tliHt as it may, it-is- certain .'that no':Vobhb'r "are tlio. diitirs - of ilie juilgeis.of.oui'. 'shows or; of- the . stewards, f-our- rocesatiqnLend than, as a general thing, 'thoso' of our PolioolMngU- triito begin and Bus week hai been no exception to the rule.' Aii individual of lha'-unine of Poirco was brought up under tlib'-Vagrant Act, charged. !with ;haying no visible moans of support, tho . charge, ovl donlly must liuve becii an "orronoous ono so fur.-as the terms went, .as the' gbntloman referred to, was said. to, ,huvo been gaining his' living 011 the- race -course: by practising tho polite arts'of- under: and. over; inohte, or nny:o|icr art that .would- eause -fciw/trumfer-aCu. shilling out -of the pbckcts ' of,: tho : unwary. into his ovvn, so'( that his nu'iine of 'living-wore , visible !enough. 'Tho netioh of the -P.-M.4n sending him 'to . vegotnto for t\vo,montli8 with liard Inhor in Futlior Donnelly's qmirters is one which' niight/ho fotlowcd witli advantugo on 'the pei-son-'of overy-ono of these gnniblcr8-'ftri<r''card'\ sharpers-. who infest . our ruco -courses and tend to throw.discrcdit on the churucter of our national sport;'1. ?Y ' ? v' Y . . Ono or to asrtiult coses were disposed , of, and in another thstuhce'thc. publicans generally were placed undcrjiii iiLlordict_ iigiiinBt. ' idlowing n cerlnin J,ohii Brooks fpsiffljrhimselPbdrinlniTg—tooimrriP rum, tho suid John Brookes having exhibited a par tiulily'to lljut . depurtniouYof suicidal munia. Tlie rest of tho business consisted of n series of litigations between two prominent towiismou whieli being'of 110 possible consequence lo any body but- themselves, I will spuro you tho infliction of particulars.-- ». ' ., Measles again ! Wlien arq Avo to bo/dopo with thorn. No soonor lius the. ghost' of ono runiouf been laid than up starts another to take its place. Tho rink' wasscnrcoly-dry- which' rmnouncea /tho case ut Bindungo to luirb'boon a falso alarm, -wheii dowii. comes ' u report, from', Mitchell 'stating - thut, the epidemic had.put in'iin appearance. inHuU lowuahip, und simiiltnneous '.with this, a letter tppcars from your St, George corresiKUidont containing the news, -of;tlio-iraTiileiice-of-;Uiis:disetise-m-hi»-nriBh''Our- hood./jFor tlio correctness of tho, ,lattor intimation, 1 tint affaidv thore. is only Joo imiict) reason fo'.be apprehended, tho forinerV howorir.'-liiis not.r yot .beon ; aiithenllcatcd'hylany other' (eelitnony than tlurt of q 'private tolcgrain, and mny yct,!I hope/turn out liko the Bindongo measles, to huvo originated through a mistake. . . ,. . -,4 - - ; . ' " .Thollrst result of our lata' show hiis .bepn to bring out n string of corrcspoiidoueo 011 tliii subject in this morning's Star . First there is aralhor longwiiu1pd lottcr from a. "Visitor," who, after commenting' in disparaging styhi on. ..our hutnbhi- eifiu'ls iu tho "show bigness," 'its Artonius. Ward would . say,- promls to lulminiitor u quantum eitfl of tlmfe- — — ' cheap commodity,,"goo(lodv1(<»,,— for-wliiohTthu- : rinembers -of- the- Western . Pastoral Association : are. _ror onuht to botruly thiiiikfu). Side by . sidn witlr this letter is" annthcr from tho owner of tlio ' "elmiiijiioh" rani— iiP"! His" t lU)"writor—deprccntes-'all-—— expression of miblio opinion,' whore it any way in iutortures with his newly, acquired honors, and stigmatises nllwho differ from - tho-declsion of.tho jtulgea of- tho sheep, ua.vs6muny .ignomiituscs, for-- gutting that by so! doihgV'ho'tq a 'cefUiuTbxtent . iiiferautiiilly iiieludos liiuisolf uinqngst ' the :uumbor, ns it is a fact well-known to sareral/that Uio rntn In question wiis not picked oiitfor. exhibition in tlie first - iiistnncc,-biit was merely thrown in nit a sortof make '\viMght,-so that-l- thlnk-»NIr.-John-!V-Gralioinb.ought___ "tiFl)cc»ntentrvrith- tho-|inirel8-lieToh»-aintMl-witliout- — pitching -into the .Editor or. theVIHerfern; Sftir. for. . exereisiug .tho undoubted prerogntiyo of tho Press in - giving expression to opinion 'in a public topic in hie leading article, the'iiioro so, iis— sinco Mr. Grnliuma - husthought proper- to riisli into 'nriiit on tlio subject — 1 mini say, that I have heart! tjio decision . of. the judges in lho-mallorof -the olinmniou ram. contleinued by several who - liuye mndo- slicep the study of a life timo, nnd wlioso opinion ennnot m unyT-— fiuruesB bo put down to either 4: iguoruueo or nrro-. ;. . gnueo." 1 'i ' ,1 v TlioNwmduig up of Mr. Gruhamo's letter is almost pathotio; and lias somewhat a taste of Moody and - "b'ff1lbpy"nbout-it;-he— gviitly—insiniifttes- tliat— U>— «— escape the imputation of 4 ignorance and nrroganco" we must nil join with linn tnAur viuw.of the subjcot,., . jiLIiuuLm fur as Ins ram was concerned. lie would, howover, find it extremely. ditUoult to ': coiivertl.-..ine to tlio idea that: air old worn-out: ram;.wasi:tho fit - lrecip(ent'of tho champion prize ut. a .pastoral/show j(if it wore, thon. thc strioturcs of - our visitor, friend >v. nbouklhe indiiferenco: of.-our shoep exhibits would/T -, scorn very .much, to the purpose) iiotwithsUnding.- , lus gloomy prediction about, the " end'.'.- which-." ho. ... thinks he sees - looming in the distnnco,'Mf: cerium;. . ; conditions tin|K>scd by lum are not complied with.' I trust, tho future of lho:\Vcstorn"PustoralrAsBoemtion- has brighter .-prospects -r before ' it. ; even f If Mr. Graliumc's Victonuirfrionds tako tho; huff,: nnd rc-"r-r-. fuse to adjudge on any- mororcliumpion-rauis.fur . linn. , - - ii \- With regard to the/ holding. of . future exhibitions m Romu in April Kust cud > of July, . tho intended . altamtton- has - muny..udvanlugcs,: not tho least pf which will bo that slock- iit thut.time of.tho yonrjnny :prc8uiimblyboiflupiK>8editobo-inbetter- coiidilioirforr—_-_ oxliibition thun.they would- b'o aftor passing through perhaps a hurd frosty , wintor. It Is all very well for ; thbsu living, ns it ivcre, within . a . stone's throw of Romu tq.laTk of ;tho udvuntugo of holding tho Show - in July, but somo. coiisiderution.ouglit to obtain for outsiders as well. Very probiibly.the lateness of- tho- > season in whicli-t!iu- ex!nbitions-hero-huvo-liithcrto_ boon held," may / hare' operated ns. tho deterrent - causo thut prerontod many-of tho out«ido squnttera - froin Bonding stock; The onlv objection that' can bo . raisod to the proposed alteration is that tlio date—as --- regards sheep— may interfere with tho timo in which -.- ihe rams are taken from amongst tho owos, but this will-only:- arise in isolutcd oases und can bo ensdy- arranged. The 15,000 sheep which I reported to vousorao tunc ago as being on tho road down from tho '> Burcoo 111 charge of Mr. Crcagh, passed. through. tho '> 'townythis week, nlso another, mob .of 4Q00J' fat "/ wothors desjintohed from Eiirelln to Dalby for sa!c>;'.'1 . .'under the pilotage of Mr. lliggiucoii. r <. 7T7-The-eontriietf-for-6ur-now— Brimary-8chool-on/— Cattle Creek has been- signed' by the successful ton-> dorers, Messrs. Morrison und -Warren; und Mr, Blake, tho surveyor, -.'hiis jroeeiveff instructions from - tho Survey Olllee to mark off, tho grou rid 'applied - for ae_ii_gohQQl.riMPPri». so that the onlv thing 'now re« maining to occupy, tho minds of the G'reekors" in .specululions:_on tho))robaGlo qualifications ofTlm-" .dominie thut is to be.. A Mr.. A. Reid hus been up pointed successor to Mr, Ounmui iu thb'nmniigcinoub uf tho' 'Romu brauoh of the QiiecusluniK'NuUounr Biuik.. Mr. Cunnau loft .lust Sulurihty for tho new scene of liis labors, previous,, lo .which he was pre sented with, a Imudsbmc. testimonial, purtieulors of ' whieli I wrolo yon before. The Rev. Mr. Warner, tho Anglican clergyman _ of this town, is about proceeding on a clerical tou through Ilie district. ..Romu; 21 st Angust;. 1875.- -- - 