TOPEES STKAITS MAIIr NEWS. The Pope's Annivebsaby.— Tuesday, June 22, being the annivorsary of tho Pope's corona tion, his Holiness received several Roman nobles. Replying to thoir address, iie said lie congratulated himself upon having remained in the midst of his Romans when the events' of 1870 might have been thought to counsel a different course. The sentiments of fidelity entertained, towards- him by tho Romans had never been falsified. Ho referred to tho events of 1870 and the fidelity displayed by h'is army, adding — ' At tlie present time many clear sighted persons mado comparisons not un favourable to the Vatican.' Speaking of tho rumours of conciliation between the Papacy and the kingdom of Italy, his Holiness said — 'These reports are not evon deserving of men tion.' The Pope's health is reported to bo good. New Tahipf of Telegrams. — The . inter national telegraph congress now sitting at- St. Petersburg bus decided in favour of tho;reteri,! tion of the twonty words message as tlie .normal length of tolographio despatches; Above that' length, however, additional words are to be counted by fives, instead of tons, as at.prcsent*;* and a twenty-five word mcssago will be, charged' only fiversixths of the price of a thirty-wold ? message. Tho Conference has nlso resolved upon . the adoption of the franc as the 'standard of valuo in framing the tariff, and tho unit in in-' ternational telegraph accounts.' ; r; The New King of Spain.—1 The Pall, Mall Gfaxeiie of June 25 sayB : — ' King Alphonso is said to have had interviews last week with several Constitutional Liberals, to whom lio expressed a hope that all tho dynastic parties would co-operato in solving all existing difficul ties. A later despatoh says that a comriiittoe of thirty-nine has boon appointod to draw up a Constitution. A spirit of conciliation, it is added oontinues to prevuil among the Constitutional parties', and it is rumoured that universal suff rage will be abandoned. Me; Gladstone. — Tho Hon. A. Kinnaird and Mr. A; M. Stewart, of Glasgow, waited on Mr. Gladstone on Monday, with a requisition requesting him to be present at a meeting on ' Vaticanism ' on the 5th Ootober; Mr; Glad- ' stone, howevor, held out no hope that he would be ablo to be present, owing to prior olairns on bis time. The right hon. gentleman has taken Manor Houso, Ham, late the residence of Sir Gilbert Soolt, and intends residing there for a time. Twopenny- halfpenny Postage Stamps. — An official notice has been issued from tbo ' General Post Office that on and after the 1st 'of July next postage stamps of the value of 2£d., and foreign post-cards of the value of lid. will be sold to the publio. These stamps and cards ! are applicable to the correspondence for tbo countries eorrt prised within the General Postal ' Union, information Ooflcorning which has already - been given. Whatever ifiuy b'e the number : purchased, whether singly or otherwise, the ? oharge will bo 2£d. for each stamp, and lid. . for eaoh card. The New Spanish Loan. — A Roy a! decree has been issued at Madrid, which ordors a new ! issue Of three per cent, consolidated interior! stook for delivery to' tile taxpayers who sub scribed in 1873 to the national Irian ofj 175,000,000 pesetas. This stook will ii* Be: admitted in payment of' taxes.- :A third decree t requires the payment of half tlie; amount of; taxes due between January; 1851, andh June, ? 1870, and not yet paid. ' ? . , ? Anotheb ' Vastatob.'— The ? Garden says that a new form of potato disease has appeared in the Royal Horticultural -Society's gardens at OhiBwick and elsewhere. ' It is a fungus whioh attaoks the plant wben young. The discovery haB only just been made,, arid tho diseaaeis: being investigated by the Rev.- M. J. Berkeley,; who regards it with considerable alarm,: as pro-j bably more formidable than even the old form: of potato disease itself. At OhiBwiek its effects' have been most disastrous. ; j 'Hospital Sunday' in: London. — The' sum received at the Mansion House on account! of the Metropolitan Hospital Sunday Fund; from about 900 placos of worship up ' to - Wed-, nesday evening, Juno 23, was £22,000. ' It . is Oxpected that the fund will fall short of that of ? 18?4' ... ' ... ; .The New TBAiNitro SdiiooL Vob MilsIC.'— ? Jibe following ('oritiemeri hrivd been' Appointed, ? 9 examine' into the , progress! arid /working rifs the new Training School for Music i^Sir Miohael Oosta, Sir Julius Bonodict, Sir George IClvey^K .Charles Hullo, Professor Ella, and Mf. John Hullfth, who will .also.;, ad vise the Committee ;of Management in its work of organization. ., | A new .-Reason, fob Bbeaking off, jf A . Matou..'-t-A. ..peculiar.' 'defence, was set rip on Tuesday, June 22, to an notion for breach of promise of marriage, tried .in the Court . of Common Pieas, before. Lord Orileridgo. 'Tho plaintiff, Miss Levy 'Was a' 'Jewries; , Slid the den fendant, Mr. Arakiel.Peter. Gasper, a iheiriber of tlie bar, .was an Armenian.' Tlie plaintiff kept * a fancy stall at, the Oxford Music Hull, where , the defendant made her acquaintance. After he had been called to the bar he went to India for two years, having promised that he would, on his return, marry the plaintiff, but she learned in September, 1874, that he had married another woman. ' The defendant pleaded, among other !pleas, that the agreemont to marry was made 'subject' to ' tho condition that the defendant's parents should within' a reasonable time consent to his rerioundirig tlie Armoiiiun religion and becoming □ Jew, and that tlio defendant's permits wholly refused to give suoh oonBent. The jury found for tho plaintiff* and . nwarded £100 damages. Hib lordship granted execution in four dayB. 'To Him thai Hath, shall be Given.'— A handsome testimonial has boen privately presented to Cardinal Manning on beliulf of tho lay Oatholios, obiefly peers, in token of their r .satisfaction at the honour recontly bestowed upon him by the Pope. The testimonial took the form of a sum.of money amounting to nearly £6,500, voluntarily contributed, towards which ? the Duke of Norfolk subscribed £1,000. Why thbbe Should be Compulsory Edu cation. — The Pall Mall Gazette thinks 'tlmt a remarkablo argument in favour of compulsory eduoation is to be found in a petition addressed to the House of Commons by the inhabitants of Yeovil and other places in the oounties of,; Somerset and Dorset. The petitioners, after stating that the antipathy shown towards the eduoation of the . people by various persons holding important public and private positions in rural distriots has been and still is lamentably manifest, and that the ignorance, and supersti tion in muny villages are still patent and' apparent, ' therefore pray your honourable ? House that tlie institution of sohool boards in every' parish -in England may bo mado com pulsory, so that the disgraco of so many men arid women boing unnblo to read and write, and fyolioving in witchcraft, ghosts, und fairies, may riotoontinue in thisso-oalled Christian oountry.' The petitioners are evidently sanguine enough to expect that superstition will diminish, or oven oense to exist, with the Bpread of educa tion, utterly ignoring i,ho fact that educated people are often as superstitious as their ignorant brethren; Many mon and women who ; \- can read and write believe in ghosts, Witohos and fairies are out of fashion for tho present, but their turn may oomo round again some day. Recent iMPBovKMENxa in Vienna.— The improvement of London during tho last twenty years (sayB a metropolitan journal) has been as real at. least, if riot as showy, as that of Paris. . But Vienna, with hor old city fortifica tions turnod into one Bplendid boulevard of real architectural merit, may bo fairly said by every visitor who knew tho crowdod, ill-built city of 1860 to have outdono other capitals in rnutorinl reforms. Tlio most important of all those is * tlio work lately opoued ill State by tho Em peror, tlio now arm of tho Danubo, forming, in fact, a gigantic ship canal, with spacious docks and quays branohing off it, to supersede tho dovious and narrow streams of tho great river which brought the traffic in before. The quays thus orpoted will whon complete be very nearly .' ten miieB iu length ; and this although nearly 3,000 aoros of building ground are added to tbo city by getting rid of tho old passages of tho water, which wore constantly shifting their bnnks whore not built in. A eo-oalled winter harbour of eighty acres in extent is boing formed at present, to bo followed by two lesBer basins, giving ample accommodation for tbo river trade, which of lato has boen BeriouBly crampod for want of Wharfage. The canal is spanned by six substantial bridges connecting tbo city with the new quartor now rapidly rising. The estimate for this great work was just two and a half millions sterling ; and this sum is raised by a loan 'borno in equal shares by the empire, the provfciee; o(jLqwer Austria, and the eity itself, which are to bo taxed for tho interest and a sinking fund to pay the principal off in fifty yours. ? The.' New -Amebioan /Emigbation. — Tlie ' Continued rush of American travellers to Europe is exciting an uftOasy feeling in the United Statci, on account of tho money they'- take' out ' of that' 'country and spend in' Toreign : lands. Five steamers sailed from -New York on the 22nd ultimo' filled-' with .passeu'gdrs, and;. it is -.calculated tlmt. no fewer than 75.000 Ameri cans will visit ICuropo this' summer. : As: each visitor to Europe spends at least', 2,000 ..dollars, the amount of capital poured -.into.- Europo by Americans every year criri1 mily bo ostimat'od by millions. ' While this teiidenoy ' to visit the 'oldeiS countries ' may bo a! misfortune in some senses, and is already complained : of by busi rioss'men in tlio United Stntes that it iB attract ing fro'm'that country a largo part of legiti mate trade, the New Fori!: Herald con soles itself by reflecting that tho influence of Americans and American ideas upon Europe under-thoso circumstances must grow from year to year. The travellers are - not only plonsure seekers, but also missionaries. The American ib a proselytizing creature. -He is not ashamed 'of his country, and as a genoral rule, will not omit opportunities of extolling it. In the peculiar movements of politics to be observed ' in Europ'ea'n countries daring the last genera tion, the influence of American ideas is also to bd (Jbsffi-ved growing from day to day; At the same same, the New TTorlc Herald 'hopes to liuve in time a country whioh will keep its oitizens at home,' and almost wishes the exodus was Bnialleiv * ' Questioning the Ministry. — To Mr. Whallqy (sayo the Pall Mall ? Gazette) belongB tlie oradit of having put £b'o most obviously un 1 answerable of the many questions admitting of no answer whieh are nigh tly .put to Ministers of the Grown. Ho' asked Mr. Disraeli the othor night jyhother ' he was prepared to stato that . See Majesty's Government had given no occa sion' for tlie statements in the publio journals of Berlin Or others tlmt this country ' has ranged hersolf among 'tllri po's'Siblo adversaries of the Germon Empireini'ts contest with' the Papuoy.' ' Mr. Disraeli replied that the Government ' are not respo^ibio for anything '(vliioh appears in newfjpapers, either foreijg) or domestic ;' and indeed th^'rresppnsibilil-y whioh Mr. Wballey 1 8ougi7ttool!tffeh''to the Govetmh,arit is of a truly oueroris character. His question, iu fact, amounted to' an enquiry ' whether tho Government, having looked into the minds of , the editors ' 'or' other persons responsible for' the, 'statement ',iii question, and Having accurately 'cdliaidered' the 'amount of their knowledge of the 'English, language,' their capacity for weighing evidence, and tho. Dxtont to which their judgment are likoly to be biassed by their prepossessions, were ' prepared to state' that nothing done by' her Majesty's Government could' have given any. occasion for thom to foelieve something to be the fact which . is notjdie fact. n,Su'ch ri performance is pro Bably Iieyorid the powers even of tlio Spectator, which'has never professed to apply its power of analysis to the character of perfectly unknown persons. - Supp'os'o a Foreign Minister of a Catholic country ,wei;o to be risked, whether he bad said anything, to' give ? Mr. Wballey ' occasion'--, to .aqcuso him' of complicity with Jesiiit maoluriatiobs. Even Mr. Whaney'B own countrymen,, have the greatest -difficulty in' determining wlirit gives ' occasion' jto' some of his statements. To a foroigner the task would \- b'e. impossible, . Vj'MUsri is Second Nature.'-— 1 Tho constitu tions df tho journalists and politicians' of W.entern America arri,* * it seems, becoming suited -'.to .the conditions' of.* their: existence/;,: , Mr. Care ? ruth , tho VincLnd editor who was - lately shot miri; the :;liead by iMr. -Landis, i another Yinoland editor, is not only, as we mentioned ,tho other 3:doy, -'-doing? nicely, ' ;with ,lhe bullet comfort ably ' orioystod ' - in the vicinity of, the brain, * but is. also Sin - -- the highest possible, spirits, and has nddresse'd the following remarks to the readers' bf.i thp::Yineland Independent : — After ^'announcing his retirement tioiti ' the editorship ' and: i proprietorship ' of that spirite'di journal, Mr. Cnrrnth'proceeds, ' This suddeu. sundering of our connnotion with nowspapordom will sur prise, doubtless : disgust, many of our friends, but there wbb ? no alternative. Two months' 'constant tussle .with a hostile bullet in our brain has convinced us tlmt we-lnekkthe onpacity to doyelbp a lead rnino and publish an independent ' Yiribland nowripaper,' at the rnirne time.* Our impaired eyosight,' shattered'nervos, and pul sating; brain, admonish us that for , the coming year -iiye .must! riot stray' trio far from tlie hos pital. To ' our subscribers wlio''for the past four years have .read .the ^Independent,'. :and''paid for it, we'he'reby tender our ricknoyvledghiorits. ? Those who have takori the paper 'just to help it ^}ong, . never vplunt'eering ri dime'orl'recogniBing * a dtm',' we,BlmU .feol it.our duty, 'if, we reooyer 1 our health, -^o thank in' person;' ~ '! ! '/. , '?'? ' On the- Sultan oLZanzibar'sirirrival.. i.t .Aden ori h'is way, to England, lie was saluted: by her .MajQsly's'sliip'Giasgbw with. twenty-one guns, 'arid Gepprrij!Solinoi(ier, t,he. politionl residont, and his st'qjf^pplied upon his Higliqessi as alsodid Admiral Oummirigs. The day ' following his Highness wont, on shore, and was received by. tlie oqlouet-'oommaridant, the brigade- major,* ^arii a largo bpd'y-.of. rine of the European regiments, the slior'o battery firing a salute. The party then .jdrove to the Residency, oscorted by a guard of the Adori '.-troops. At Suez it apuairs, and Egyptian officer called upon tlio Sultan upon his arrival, but bis Highness was advised not to, see him,' oxoopt on tlio distinct understanding . that -he should be recognised as an independent,. Sovereign, and roooive tho usual honours bbs suoli. ? (Oil a former occasion, i whon -.his High ness visited Mokknh and al- Madinali, the Turks,-. who claim sovereignty over all the territories , oocupiod by tho Arabs, saluted'' him with nine- ;! toon guris only/ thereby placing him in tho pb-. eition. of a: dependant.) - A Booond offioer came.;, on board with the same object; but with alike result. Eventually instructions oame from tlie Khedive ordering that the requisite . salute should be fired, whereupon the Sultan's flag wri's lioigted and duly sainted.-. On/-passing; the oanal, too; tho flag was n'gain* similarly saluted, ; and the Khedive's Bhips manned yards ns the' Oanara steamed onward, 