pajRIS:^ " * ^FROIi OUR OWNCORRESPONDENT November ITT Tfiei e's small =choife||between xoDten-apples according to "the proverb, and the steepl •chase anxiety to produce solutions for th state of the couhtry, are too unsound to Tite selection. It is felt that income w^ or other France "will, as usual, fall on ke feet, an saving herself and disposing ofown destinies. The dissolution, is the cry and a Kepublic without phrases, -the wish but no vi here does any one speak of nati suicide, /the official organs assuie us, Alla be piaised has no idea of committing a co d' etaf,^, q, Parisians can sleep tianquilly, a reffresfenl&titives; deliberate m peace The age d' etat besides is past. The, tranqvS|j[% of France, as an eminent writ once staled, depends upon the causes ; th men<f minds be satisfied, and that their stomaSHsiib iiot stifter. " Both these centr of.content are ill;l>utnots diseased, for the oW&ers; are resigned. The country is a model of patience and reason ; nwiy trials 'v nave afflicted since the peace, but it sub to all without ,mijch complaint, and wit Jew murmurings. Its patriotism is. on tria it gives no uneasiness, and demands only Work, and to live.t The sickness arises fro parties who ignore what alone is possible: the conditions that events have created fo France ; they promise, however, to save h on condition that she will surrender herse to them first as her lords and masters. There are projects before the Assembly sufficient to satisfy all tastes, all ideas ; none can find a majority to carry any _ o them into law, because the only majority "that can be formed deals, not with possi bilities and realities, but with chimeras ; daronic helplessness is thus the Tesult, an tlie dissolution is the only sovereign cure The Septennate may be considered as only awaiting a splendid funeral; it is a cake, dough on both sides ; it is the sending ruf to a nation demanding a shirt. The Legi mists have declared hostilities against M 'Mahon's office, and not a little, unfor nately, against himself. But the times ar so passionate, that if one were as pure as ice, or as chaste as snow, one cannot esca "calumny. Not a Legitimist whocommune with his heart and is still, but can say of; "chief the Comte de Chambord, he " Allure from afar,- yet, as I follow, flies." The Moderatesseem inclined, as Bob Acres, "t fight to prevent misunderstanding;" they are always fusing and are never fused ; th are holding out, like Goldsmith^ rustics, t live each "other down. The Bonapartists make use of every friend—every foe, and sure the world in the most innocent fashio that "the slvs are no rogues." However, till they conquer the Republic tliey are no danger, and once the country is constitute they will retire like other phantoms. Matters are so unsettled, nothing being clea save the dissolution of the Assembly, that " The doctrine to-day that is loyalty sound, To-morrow may bring us a halter." ' In great emergencies says Puff, there is nothing like a prayer. The Bishop of "Orleans has issued a Pastoral calling upon the Faithful of his diocese to pray for the Assembly. Many hold it to be past prayi for, and hence, perhaps, why the effort is dulged in a fortnight before it re- meets. tant pecke misericorde. The document inviting to prayer does not recall the best d of the famous prelate ; it has all the heav ness, but nothing of the melowness of age its massive rhetoric is larded with Latin, and is full of hesitations and inconsequenc beeause'it is a pleading in favor of the Se tennafce, which is only an ambiguity. He attacks both the Legitimists and the Rep licans ; the latter, with Thiers at their, head, being a disciplined troop of demagogues, beyond the pale of salvation. But the Legitimists, it seems, in opposing the Septennate, display hostility to the very designs of Providence. When will cultivate people relinquish the reprehensible practic of seeing the finger of Providence in part politics and lobby combinations? When France decides to have the real Eight Div element controlling her destinies, by re-oc cupyingRome and recognising Don Garlos, his arcades arnbo Serrano, she will never by Henri V, Paris is about electing a new Municipal Council; the present was almost like another famous body, chosen in a day of misfortune. The aspirants for civic glory are basing their claims on their politics ; business capacity is a mere scondary consideration. Some of the out-going council lors have startled us by proposing as the very essence of democracy* that their services ought to be remunerated. Dr; John son observed, that whoever wrote for noth ing was an ass; to discharge the honorary duties of citizenship it appears is nothing better. Yet there are thousands who wou gladly give their time free, gratis; for not ing, ind there is no end of backstairs inf ence employed to secure public appointments on the same terms, from the frie ship of a saving's bank, down to the fun tions of a relieving officer. Mail everywhere! likes to be clothed in a brief autho The votes have stronger claim for paymen as of late between legislative, municipal, a communal elections, they are constantly o the road. During the first revolution citi Kens were paid two francs a-night for atte ing the sectional meetings, and no better plan could have been devised for securing crowded audience. The National Guards did not receive one half thatsum for defe ing PaTis against the Prussians. Another Unpalatable, and very untimely project, that for taxing capital; the richer you are the more you would be bled. This is the tip o'f the ear ofcommunism. An income tax is one thing, but to strike capital, eve were it jSossible, is not at all the same. T convention established a progressive tax o capital and incomes, which at a certain st amounted to confiscation of revenue, so th the rich were as badly off as.the poor. Ho ever, extern es meet. Happily such " an "equal division of unequal earnings " has n the ghost of a chance of being applied, M. (-5-uizot was .considered as the Pope the Reformed Church of France, and it is rumored hiS mantle has fallen on his son l&w;, M. Cornelia de Witt: The schism „ „ among the Protestants is assuming very grave propo tions, and very likely the ^to unite Z Zthe f ^Gordiah L ^Knot. T S.ftrS There is m th "quarrel a great deal of bitterness co-re llgiomsts, like the members ;of a united family, are far frdm imitating those little birds that m their nest agree, " faith, by each, map is applied • To oneomal]seob,.onaaU aredamu'd besid the law and the prophets ai e not in favo one, of£he nearly two equal sections, eoer ing the other, and yet those who demand be fortified by a confession of faith, as Tr as those wh prefet findug strength in liberty, 1 have reasons and piejudices that must be respected. Perhaps Protestantism here may become as split up as in Englan and which made a F enchman deplore B England hadMta only,ope sauce Thelatest statistics the We 86 arch-bishop^ andi bishops^,4,417 Vic&rs; and cur^, ajid 30,1^0 curates^ the B z i r J l z s s f s s i s i . ™ T sessing nearly i5,000 prmcipal or branch e tablis&nents;? supporting P nearly 300,000 persons of both sexes T h e landed property owned by these communities s valued at over10Ji millions of francs, producing an nual revenue bi overShmillions, independen of li million lit the form of donations an Requests And there' are cynics who' say still that Faith is dead' November tfpensiftth fwd im^olctant re iigious f^tes, iiiat of-fcriumph «'A31!Sa«ite and the other -of humihationrHhe Jour tie Merts- it is the custom stlfl^of^ome- trad to have,5elebrated> mS^orial mass for th jepose^of the so&sktTieir; ane'ekt comrade ^sidetffig the iMs&i; k Fr^tcH ^ J" one 'another,- there ought tcf»*b® -a 'guild of- journalism to invol* e'~a repose of ) theii ~ ,minds here Jjelbw. Nearly all' the artizansto£ the jcity have now paid-annual \ honois to their pation saints. The ce«spoo , men \ have still their St. Clan, as the linke St \ Mathuimj musiciansand warbleis generally have yet St. Cecilia, as ladies of an e in-; certain age have St Catherine. The Bonapartists have ]ust celebrated the fete of St iy i .Eugenie in the church, of St. Augustine ier ^ was an occasion for counting the friends o , adveisity and violet bouquets Undei Thiers this annual manifestation of the violets wa onal suppressed, but the ex President is just as mtoleiant h as any of his fellow countiymen up The=Queen of Sjpam put m an appearan nd and all the iineHower of Impeualism Ther was a .faint Vive l'Empeieurl which M Rouher mistaking for Vice-Empeieur quietly er: retired by a side dooi. Fighting-editor Pau at, Cassagnac, witli his well-known swagger, was cheered• he deserves it, if not f01 h es fne eating politics, at least for his bravery ir during ! the war. Pi nice Napoleon was co spicuous by his absence; you could not , expect him to'^pray- tor the welfare of his mits mortal enemy. Like so many other notabilities left out in tbf -cold by fortune; he l; a waiter on Providence. h to A Sudden night of snow to chase away m our lingering St. Martin'ssummer has fore in everyone to subscribe to thctruth that the r is no place like homej provided it be very er, cozy, superior to a dub or a cafe; a conc lf or a theatre. The ladies were equal to th sudden falling of the glass; and-appeared instantly creatures- of fur and; feathers aft yet light cashuieres. . " 'Tis to their changes f half their charms' they owe," and what changes besides. Every woman, irrespectiv \- of age and quality, desire..to. be more or le a beauty a ta mode, and for this dressmak d milliners, corsetiers, perfumers, coiffiura, . bootmakers, &c.;, compete to make her young and beautiful; she wears the overturned hat, with features unveiled, but stream fles hair, protruding bust, a wasp waist; a jupo ti- pasted to the figure, displayed tdMise, boots with Louis XV. heels, so coquetishly displayed as to allow the silk stocking to be tu e through the lacings. Such was the seen toilette of an elegant, who in making her tour pe of the Lake on Sunday last, in her s carriage, received in her lap an Unmannerl his duck, that took tlie idea of leaving its nat s element, to fly to another haven of rest. The lady hascommenced a suit against th municipal o authorities for 2,000 francs, damages inflicted on her costume by one ey ^ c{|y's ducks, whose wings were not o j ficiently cut The authorities, ever mindful of the necessities of the poor—and the rich, are abo asn twelve new pawn-broking establish opening ments ; the rate of interest charged has be reduced: it is double in . some pai'ts of d, Franco what it is in others. The poor ha thus an inducement to seek state assistan r The interest charged is devoted to suppor the sick and needy, so that it is the poo supports the poor, as it is the rich, by th costly funerals, bury them. The velooeme as velocipedists arc called, have been, arous to a sense of their situation by posters an nouncing that, for the future, they must avoid crowded thoroughfares, carry like dr horses some kind of collar bells, and disp ng latnps at night as the cabs. The well-know theatre, in- theChatelet, which the Communis A riddled and gutted,, has been repaired at vast expense and converted into a popula ays opera house. The experiment, is full of i- risk, as many failures must be encountere for ; an occasional, run of luck. Democratic opera could draw life and pleasure by rep es, sentingmany forgotten German and Italia p works, and drawing on foreign, as well home but young, musical composers. Then ubd theatrical novelty—a new piece is being r the voices must be secured, and such, w excellent, cost dear, and >are soon spirite away by higher terms. - The Direction has adopted one excellent reform, that of securing your stall without- extra charge, merely writing and enclosing stamps. Oth e hearsed called the " Maniacs." y The Austrian Lieutenant Tubowitz, who ine rode from Vienna to Paris on his sevenold mare Caradoc—not a queenly name— or side fifteen days, is likely to succumb to part big dinners after escaping the wear and t of the roads. But think how he was en couraged in his undertaking : his fiancee Mile. Stolz, the cantatrice, was awaiting h in Paris ; her health was thus deservedly drank at ohe of the banquets, but not a g was emptied to the honor of Caradoc. On one occasion the hero nearly came to grie as his German accent and a pair of revolv -in his breast led the peasantry to mistake him for a Prussian* spy. The Prince de Ligne formerly rode that distance in six day but - with relays of horses;. being lifted saddle - and all on each fresh steed, and w -he arrived in Paris his boots had to be cu off in strips, and he was carried into a feat ld bed, where he slept thirty hours consecutively. h- lu- There have been a few memorable sales nd c actress, Mile. Mars, who died in recently: the goods and chattels of the renowned 1847, have been at last dispersed. Moreau rity. who has been guillotined lately for poisoni t his j two wives, having no family, the law nd sold his effects. Mme. Tussaud bought.th n bed on which the twowomen died ; he many books, a few in Latin : among oth nda Mexican general, Urago, famous for his works, " Paradise Lost," in French. In ad dition to other curiosities is the arrival o "wooden calves." Wonder if he ever indulges in a "shivermy timbers." Be is ndn said to fidget and spit about like a Cather wheel. A general Tom Thumb, a citizen the world, has been gathered to his fathe he.was accompaniedt_> his little grave by the prodigies in Paris. Victor Hugo has delivered a very eloque he address over the grave of Mme. Meurice,- n who was reared by Ingres and given awa in marriage by the poet. The conclusion age his ovation was received with cries of Viv at Hugo ! Five la Republique, and "mother w- held up their infants for the oldman. to kiss. The deceased -tfras the bravest amo ot the brave of the women of Paris during t siege, a model of family heroism: and of patriotism. Hugo was not far "wrong wh he intimated that the resistance of, Pari -in- owed more than much to the patience a . courage of the women.. A ifttle l}oy, in the absence of hismamm infant sister to be cold in her cot, e covfred her with his papa's coat, and well as to suffocate her. Markiarantz, -fche celebrated Aimenian, who iived fo'r years in the best society in Paris by swindling, has been liberated from prison, on condition of his quitting Fiance It e." was on the petition of a distinguished and wealthy Italian lady who loved linn r that of he was set free; and she now intend c-1 ,. - tol^^S hn ? 