THE WESLEYAN GENERAL CONFERENCE. fFrom the Melbourne Age of May 21.1 Ac-curding to announcement, the sittings of the Conference yesterday were thrown open to members of the Church on producing their quarterly members' tickets, and adherents on showing cards signed by the minister of the church at which they attend. As there are four Annual Conferences, each having its President, there is a co-presidency of the General Conference, the Victorian, New South Wales, South Australian and New Zealand Presidents, each aoting for one day in rotation. Yesterday, the Rev. John Harcourt was the President of the day, and at his right hand sat the Revs, W. Wilkinson, J. Buller, and J. Bick ford, while on the left sat the Rev. J. B, Water house, Secretary of the Conference, and the Rev, S. Williams, J; B, Stephenson, and G-. Daniel, Assistant Secretaries. The representa tive ministers occupied the seats in the body of the church fronting the platform. The morning's sitting was taken up in reading and receiving the minutes of the Connexional Committee and of preceding sittings of the Con ference. After these subjects had been settled, the Conference went into Committee for the consideration of the affairs of the Worn-out Preachers' Fund. At the afternoon sitting the Conference entered on the consideration of the question of lay representation. A somewhat lengthened discussion took place as to the mode in whioh the subject should be brought forward, it being urged by some members, that, as the Committee appointed by the Australasian Con ference in 1873 had given in their report to the various annual Conferences, and the Gon nexional Committee, they had ceaBed to exist as a Committee, and could not further re port. _ Eventually it was decided that the Committee's report should be read, and this was done by the Rev. J. 0. Symons. The recommendations of the various annual Conferences in reference to the Committee's report, which had been remitted to them, were then read by the Secretary of each Conference respectively. The report and recommendation of the Connexioual Committee was also read, and thus the whole subject was before tbe Con ference, which then went into Committee of the whole for its consideration. The first clause of tbe report, affirming the broad principle that tbe Annual Conferences should be composed of all ministers in full connexion, with an equal number of laymen, was agreed to-without very much discussion, and nearly unanimously. It was further resolved, that the qualification of a lay man for election as a Circuit represen tative should be four years' continuous standing as a member of the Church. Considerable discussion ensued on the next point, whether the lay representative of a Cir cuit should be a member of the Church in that Circuit. The Rsv. W. P. Wells moved that a proviso to that effect be added to the qualifica tion, as had been originally proposed by the Com mittee. The Kev. A. R. Fitohett and other New Zealand ministers opposed the proposal, on the ground that the New Zealand Circuits would not be represented, in mauy instances, by lay men, as the distance would be too great, and they urged that laymen resident in the place where the Conference was to sit should be eligible for election by country Circuits. The proposal wa3 at length put to the vote, and it was determined by a large majority to require each lay representative to be a member in the Circuit which elected him. [From the Age of May 22, ] At yesterday's sittings President Wilkinson, of the New South Wales Annual Conference, presided. The Conference, in Committee of the whole, proceeded with the consideration of lay representation in the Conference. The Kev. J. S. Waugh: held that, before proceeding further, it was desirable that they should place upon record their yiews as to the extent to which they could admit the partici pation of laymen in the government of the (Jtiurch. While anxious to place laymen in possession of all that they could claim Scrip turally, yet there were matters which must be reserved for the ministers alone. In national government it was the right of men to hold what opinion they pleased as to the best form, whether it was a monarchy or a republic; bus the government of the Christian Church could not be republican, but was essentially monarchies1, for Christ was King over His oeople. After further remarks, he moved:— " Whereas it appears to be advisable to alter the constitution of our Church, so as to admit of lay representatives as members of the Wes leyan Methodist Conference in Australasia; and whereas those Courts have hitherto con sisted of ministers only, this general Conference agrees that our annual and general Conferences shall hereafter be composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The general Conference, how ever, in adopting this plan distinctly asserts its maintenance of the New Testament doctrine, that the ministry derives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking heed to all the fl. ;ck over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the church of God, de volves the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering the govern ment of the Church. This principle the general Conference regards as being essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the constitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our Conference it must be held to be sacred and inviolable." The motion was seconded by the Kev. 0. RlGG An animated and lengthened discussion en sued, and several members of the Conference expressed their dissent from the resolution, as in their opinion it savored of the assertion of sacer dotalism. Others urged that, if needed at all, the motion should have been brought forward at the outset, when the subject of lay representa tion had been first broached or else its con sideration should be postponed until the whole scheme had been considered. An amendment was proposed by the Kev. W. P. Wells, to remit the motion of Mr. Waugh to the No. 1 Committee, to amend the phraseology thereof if necessary. After considerable debate the amendment was carried, and the Conference adjourned for two hours, la the afternoon sitting, President Eiokpohd, as Chairman of the No. 1 Committee, hrought up their report upon the resolution of Mr. Waugh, relating to the Scriptural authority and in tegrity of the pastoral office in the Christian Church, to the effect that the Committee recom mended that in the thirteenth line from the top the word "pastoral" be placed before "government," but the Committee recom mended that no alteration or amendment be made. The question was put without further debate and carried; and the resolution was also agreed to by a considerable majority. The Committee then proceeded with the con sideration of further recommendation on lay representation, and it was resolved :—" 2. The Committee of each institution of the connexion, to whioh a minister is set apart by the Con ference shall have the right to elect one lay representative;" also, "3. There shall be re served to be dealt with by the ministers alone, 1st, the election of President and Seoretary and Chairman of Districts; 2nd, all the matters comprised in the first 13 questions of the Con ference of 1873," The Conference then adjourned. The first annual meeting of the G-lenelg Literary Association was held on Tuesday even ing, May 25, in the Congregational Church Schoolroom, Mr. F. Caterer presiding. The Secretary's and Treasurer's Reports were en couraging, Bhowing members on the roll about 40; average attendance 20; and about £6 in hand after paying expenses. The Parliamen tary Session is to be held under the Presidency of the Hon. John Grozler, M.L.C. It was stated during the evening that the Association was unsectarian, and that they held their meetings in the Church rooms until the new Institute was erected. The following officers were elected:—President, the Rev. C. Man thorpe ; Yioe-Presidents, Messrs. J. Storrie and F. Caterer; Treasurer, Mr. J. W. Davis ; Hon. Secretaiy, Mr. John Lee; Committee, Messrs. Russell, Hitchcox, Stacy, and J. Storrie, jun. 