SOCIETY & PERSONAL. NEIGHBOURS. That -mun is a gregarious animal is n-- new 6-tatoni5nt in -natural history. However much the scientific may differ as to other details, they arc ail unanimous on this ; and the best proof of the truth of this characteristic is ? that those who lead soliary lives are hardly considered to belong to the hunjan family at all. We twit such peoplo misanthropes, lui aticr, and other bud names. The .lonely trapper in the dis ant lWest who complains that: he is crowded because an. tucr ot im innami comes to seme souiewncre wit un a hundred mile* of him is counted little better than the wild g- me he hunts. Tlio hermits and holy men who have in oil eg- 1= elf ctcd to live by themselves, koiuel imes ou the top of tall pillars, at others m dreary deserte or noisome cavea, we . call too g- od for this world, and already more than half-way to car.on'sation or seraphic wings. But if die ordinary . everyday matter-of-fact specimen of the t/cnu* homo were condemn) d to long solitude he would soon give up the ghost. Even 1-V islatom. whose human *-yiupathies are not inva riably remarkable for deep development, have recognised the pi ineipk'bv forbidding lengthiaed solitary imprisonment, even for the most hardened nffendors. And mere is no paspage. more . powerful in the writings of that profound thinker Dc -Qnincey^ than that in which he describes the lonelin-«$ of the njurit travelling by itself . its grue*i-ine ' ?journey far into the illimitable unknown. No, thcfen dciicv of mankind to herd together is innate and ineradica ble. Just like sheep, men follow where one has led ; like wild beasts, they combine for aggression or self-defence. In moment? of danger their .first impulse is to cense lo 'o alone. In eveiy age they hiite been, like tho atouui of som-i chem'c 1 ? omliiuation. drawn irresistibly to cryptalise xni lv-uii- themse'veK together into cAaglomerate .--tiipw. Tiio world owes its social condition to this iuipentive doslre ; by ii new c ui.tiies have bifn inhabited, wild lands are cleared, . and tow ni : pring . into oxi-tonce. ? From it we -derive the whole fabnr of our social inBtkutions/ and tho endless ♦ierk« of »-««i laws vhich goretn nuiA'e Avtim and obliga tions towards his fellow-man. The mutual relations of neighbours one to the other are bat a branch' of this great subject. ' 'The^whole question is very much a matter of inches. Our love or hate for our neighbour depends rather upon whether he liyes next door almost under the same roof, as it were, or whether miles of green park and fields divide us. In the Litter case neighbours whose lands ' march' side by side have been known to quarrel ; bat it is more on wide questions of right and wrong of enclosures, roadways, pheasants, foxes, and so forth, than on petty details of everyday life. Semi- detached neighbours, with only » gravel-path between their gardens, and separated by a thin partition wall and nothing more, are far more likely t-j be in a state of constant bickering and warfare. People who are near each other in a street are brought similarly into such close juxtaposition that fe ids cannot fail to be o ten the result. And these fends are generally of a contemptible de scription. We are annoyed because the ladies at No. 270 are continually at the window spying out our every move. It is impossible, we say to ourselves, to escape such lynx eyed observation. Even the housemaid shaking a door mat, the arrival of the butcher's boy, or the departure of the lord and master for the city, calls up at ones Ma lame and the Misses Detective to take note of what is passing-. If by chance a telegraph messenger appears at ourdoor stcp, the excitement rises to fever heat, but then it is not confined to No. 270, but extends all along the street Again, we .feel incensed because our neighbour's children choose our doorstep for their infantile games : we hate another b.1 cau&e; their cook insists on borrowing from our stores on every occasion ; or we hear by a side wind that other neigh bours have gossiped about us and picked us t-j pieces. VV'e pre'end to be above caring, of course ; nevertheless there is a en art, and we feel disposed to retaliate. All these are the f lmost inevitable troubles that worry the inhabitants of every neighbourhood, whether large or small. But the an noy ance and discomfort are naturally uiuch greater in a countiy town than in a large city. Neighbours are to a co tain extent shadowy abstract ions, taking no distinct form or shape, disagreeable to us perhaps, but yet to be endured because they are strangeis. Neighbours are not all bad, and the term ' neighbourly' is still understood in English in a good sense. To be neighbourly means to be civil, . lindly, and well disposed, helpful at the time of need, charittiblc. Friendliness between city neighbours is but sldn deep, even it exist at all, which is to be doubted, except t«- keep up their proveibial polfcy of helping one another. Tn coun&y; quarters, howover, friends will always crop up to ltnd a helping hand to a neighbour in sickaess, diffi culty, o- distress — not that such ebullitions of good feeling ?re otherwise than evanescent. With the emergency, - the g.-tive desiie to bo useful djssappoars, aud the neighbours lappo again into their condition of armed neutrality, ready lo go 'to war again at a moment's notice, and on the slightest provocation: Yet, with all this, country neighbours arc to be preferred, because, with all their shortcomings, they are \- more like flesh and blood than the mysterious occupants of a city street or square, whose names wo hardljr know, ex cept through the Directory or Court Cruide. It is probably this want of personal acquaintance with our nearest neigh bours wh'ch inducts us to look on tlioin as Ishmai'liless j f ? r as we are concerned, whose hands are perpetually against us, just as our hands are always against them. Therefore, it is, we presume, that we are so often inclined to think that we oureolves are always right in our dealings with them, while they are just as* inevitably wrong. Yet why should we deny them the confriderateness and forbearance we claim to expect at their hands \ If thore bo any point, on which anyone who has had a careful education should be tho roughly informed, it is in his duty towards his neighbour. Mest of us must remember the pangs and pains it cost u* to commit to memory a certain paragraph on that subject in the Churoh catechism. Yet we may fairly ask whel her all of us continue in after life attentive to the teaching thus slowly and unpleasantly conveyed. Do we all. of us love our neighbours as much as we do ourselves ? Hardly ; es picially if he ride in a carriage and pair, while we must hi content to pick up a passing 'bus. Still less so if his wife, wear better bonnets than ours, or if bis house be a storey or two higher, or if he have troops- of children and friends while we remain alone in single wretchedness. Again, do we invariably do unto him as we should like him. to do unto us ? Is it true that we have often musical entertainments at homo teaching far into the night; while we grudge a little music from his daughters because it interferes with our after-dinner nap ? or do we never keep roaring fires, and yet dislike his using his poker and tongs loudly at his grate ? Havn't we «oine of us a nursery full of brate, whese favourite vice is to drum the devil's tattoo upon the partition wall P Why. then, should we take it in high Hiif3-r/i/-iYi luutanca nlir vmlfrlitmllv n/lur flnH fliATi IrtinO.lrC in A nail or two, or does a little bit of amateur carpentering P Are we never covetous of his belongings, angry with him for sb.ying out too late at night, jealous because he has had two wedcings in his family while our girls are spinsters still, delighted when the tax-gatherer tells ue he can get no money from No. 99 ? And yet this is all completely wrong. The golden rule is to liveiind let live. Life and neighbour life are essentially a question of compromises. Let us not be too constantly on the watch to take offence ; listening for the well-known sounds we hate, prying out and animad verting on the sights that raise our ire, but let us rathor be resolutely determined to make the best of the inevitable, and to keep friends with all around us.—' Sconrro.v,' The Queen. 