LEOLINE; THE MASS, THE CAVALIER, A. i THE KING. Qiick sis thought the room was full of sol diers, but tin; rest of tin.' order was esi.sier said than obeyed. The robbers, knowing their diinu wus deiath, fought with the fury of des |inr:tion, stud si short, wilil, and tonilih; Cfin f 1 io- ensued. Foremost in the wibx were Sir Nremun smd the count; while Hubmt, who haJ taken pisses.- ion of tlifi dwaif'.s sword, foight like a yoiiun lion. The. shiieks of ihe WMiieu were heartrending, sis they nil flud pecipitately into tha bluu dining-room, und couching in cornors, or flying distractedly uiout — trni: to tlmirsox — msidethciiirrc! sound vi 'a tho most lainetitsiiili; cries. Some five (r six braver than tho rest alone remained ; mil more than one of these actually mixed in he sill'niy, with si heroism worthy u better janso. Miranda, still sitting erect and sup pi.i .ml in the arms of a kneeling and trem bling sylph in white, watched tin; conflict with terribly exultant eyes, that, blazed brighter and brighter with tin) lurid fires of vengeful joy at every robber tlmt fell. '0 tliat I were strijng e'nouch to wiulcl a sword!' wits hur fierce uspiriition o.-ery in stant. If I could only mix in tiiat battle for five minutes i could die with a hsippy heart !' Hud she been sible. to wield a sword for five minutes siccoriling to hnr wisli, she ivuuld pro bably hive wielded it from beginning to end of the tattle; for it did not Isist numb longer tlitin tint. Tin; lobbots f'onylit with furv and ferocity; but they had been tdken by sur prise, si-:il were overpowered by nuinbei.i and obliged to yield. Thoirimson court was indeed crimson now ; for the. velvet carpeting wsis dyed h more ter rible led, urir] was slippery with a rain of blood. A score of dead and dying lay 'roan- ing on the ground, and the ie.«t, beaten and bloody, gave up their « words i imd surrendered. ' Yoi should have donu this at fiist,' said this ccuut, coolly wiping his blood-stained tveapoi, find replacing it, in its pheath ; 'and by so doing saved some time and morn blood shed. Wheie sire all thu fair ladies, Kiugsley, I saw hero when «?« entered first?' ' Tiey fled like, si llock of frightened deer,' said iiibei't, taking it upon himself to 'ans wer. : through yonder arch way when the fight coniiie.nce-.l. 1. will go in sesirch of them if you ike.' 'Isun rather sit si loss what to ilo with then,' said the count, lmlf-lmighiui;. ' It woud bo si pity to bring sueh a cavalcade of prety women into the city to die of the pla-ue. Cm you suggest nothing, Sir Nor n:ai V 'Nothing, but Io leave them here (o take caw nf themselves, or let them go free.' They would bo a great addition *o the coi.it at Whitehall,' suggested Hubert, in his puttio.-t tone, 'and si thousand times hand soner than half the damsels therein. Thorn, fir iiistsinci', is one a dozen times more beauti fil than .Mistress Stewart herself.' I-.aniiin in his nonchalant way on the hilt U his sword, h« pointed to Miranda, whose tercely-joyl'iil eyes were fixed with u glance /hat msulo the three of them shudder on the /bloody floor smd the heap of slain. I ' Who is that?' asked tho count, curiously. ' Why is sin: perched up there, ami why does sin; bear mttth an extraoiflinsiry resoniblstnce toLunlino? Do you know anything about her, Kingsley V 'I knnw .she is the wife of that unlovely little man whose, Jiowls in yonder passage you run hesir if you listen, and that she wsis the queen of this midnight court, und is wounded, if not dying, now.1 ' I never saw such fierce eyes before in a fiiiiiitlc head. Ono would think s'le fairly ex lilted in this wholesale slaughter of her sub jects.' ' 3u she docs ; and sho hutea both her hus band and her subjects with an intensity you cannot cnnciiivn.' ' How very like royalty ''observed Hubert in parenthesis. 'If she wen; a real queen she could not net more naturally.' Sir Norniiin smiled, and the count glanced at thfi audacious page suspiciously ; but Hub ert's face was touching to witness in its inno cent unconsciousness. Miranda, looking up at the same time, caught the young knight's eye, and m»du a motion for him to appronch. She held out both her hands to him ns he came near, with the same look of dreadful de li- ht. ' Sir Norman Kingsley, I am dying, and my lust words are in thanksgiving to you for having thus avenged mo.' ' Let us hopo you have many days to live yet, fair lady,' said Sir Norman, with the same feeling of repulsion he had experienced in the dungoon. ' I am sorry you've been obliged to witness this terrible sce'ne.' ' Sorry !' sho cried fiercely. ' Why, since the first hour I remember at all, I remember nothing that 1ms given me such joy as what hns passed now ; my only regret is t'jat I did not see them all die before my eyes I Sorry ! J tell you I would not have missed it for ttn thousand worlds !' ' Madam, you must not talk like this !' said Sir Norman, almost sternly. 'Heaven for bid there should exist a woman who could re joice in bloodshed and death. Y«u do not, I know. You wrong yourself and your omJ nature in saying so. Be calm, uow ; do not I excite yourself. You shall come with u» iJI bo properly cired for ; and I feel certain w, I have a long life and a happy life before voJ yet.' '01| ' Who are those men?' she said not heeditfl him ; ; and who ? Ha ! Great He»« I What is that?' I . In looking round she had met Hubert kM to face. She knew that that face was httl own 1 nnd with » horror stamped on ^M feature that no words can depict, she fellbJl with a terrible, scream and was deail ! I Sir Norman was so shocked by the sudden.! ness of the last catastrophe, that for mM time he could not realize that she had actualltl expired, until lie bent over her and placed bil ear to her lips. No breath was thete-J pulse stirred in that fierce heart ; the MidnUil Queen was indeed dead !' I 'Oh, this is fearful!' exclaimed Sir No;. I man, pale and horritied. B ' The sight of Hubert, and his wonderful! resemblance to herself, has completed »l,,jl her wound and this excitement begln- jj((H lust is breathed on earth !' I ' Peace be with her !' said the count, rt.fi moving his hat, which, up to the present, t(l had worn. Aud now, Sir Norman, if wetnl to keep our engagement at sunrise, weljjl better be on the move ; for unless I urn giettt? S mistaken, the sky is already grey with lliR day-dawn.' H 'What are your commands?1 asked gg 6 Nom).in-,-tiimi'i» au-ay with a sigh from tfctB beautiful form already stifl'ening in death M ''' j»' uuuue wim me to seek out (bodgl frighlened fair ones, who aiv a great deillmH lovely to share the fate of their male m]lM nions. 1 shall give them their liberty to ,M where they please, on condition that they doll not enter the city. We lWVe enough viletfil their class there already.' Ms 'Sir Norman silently followed him iutotlill azure and silver saloon, where the croilK of duchesses and countesses were 'weepbB and wringing tlreir hands,' and as white u»K many pretty ghosts. In a somewhat briefmiK forcible manner, considering his chaructetutfeH gallantry, the count made his proposal, wbitiB with ffiiiliiigs of pleasure and relief, wsis'atoDal acceded to ; and the two gentlemen bottiH thcmselve.s out and left the startled ladies. ? On returning to the crimson court, heconl rounded a numborof his soldiers to reruainuil bury the dead, and assist the wouodtitH aud then, followed by tha turnsiiader, andtbiH prisoners under their charge, passed out, nil was soon from the heated atmosphere ill tliH cool morniug air. The moon was still mM enely shininj', but the stars that keep the eu.H liual hours were setting, and the eastern A]M was growiujr light with the hazy grey ofwl .ing morn. H ' I told yon day-dawn wan at lisin'l,' saidtbiB count, sis ho sprang into his saddle; 'anil loll in the sky it is gruy already.1 I ' It is time lor it-,' said Sir Norman, as!i| too got into his , scat. 'This has been tLiI longest night 1 have ever known, uudthenMtl eventful one of tov life ' I ' Aud the end is not yet. Leoline waiUlol decide between us.' ' I Sir Norman shrugged his shoulders. I 'True; hut I Imve little doubt wbttibitl decision will «e. I presume you will hive til deliver up your prisoner.-* before yon cud rail her, smd 1 will avail myself of the opportmiujH to snatch a few moments to fulfil a uielunckljB duty of my own.' I ' A s you plusise. I have no objection; till in that cast: you will need some one to g«iit| mejto the plnce of rendezvous ; ro 1 willunk| n y private attendant yonder to keep yog ill sight, and guide you to me when j our butintal is ended. H The count had given the order to start luH moment they had left the ruin, and tlncoiwB .ciition had been can ied on whilo sit a brar-l neck gallop. Sir Norman thauked uimfal his offer, and they rods in silen.'e until llitjH reached the city, and their paths diverjed-B Sir Norman's luadinc to theapothecary'isbijH where ho Imd left OrmUton, and the couol'iB leading — he bsst kuew whare. George, Ibdlfl tondant referred to, joined the knight, uiH leaving his horse in his cure, Sir NormanetB tered the shop, and encountered the speclniH proprietor at the door. H 'What of my friend i' was his eager inquiijH ' Has ho yet' shown signs of returning coottH ousness.' B ' Alaf, no !' replied the apothecary, nitliH groan, that came wailing up like u whulltiH 1 ho was so excessively dead that there wuuHJ use keeping him ; and as the room was winuS for other purposes, I — pray, ray dear sir, tfH look so violent — I put him in thepest-carlwH had him buried.' H ' In the phtgue-pit )' shouted Sir NoronH milking a spring ut him ; but the man dulfl off like a ghostly flash into the inner rx*Bj and closed^and bolted the door in a twinkliijBJ Sir Norman kicked at it spitefully, butitifl sisted his every effort ; and, ovsrcominiBJ strong temptation to smash every bottle inuBj shop, lie sprang once more into the saddle ufl rode off to the plague-pit. Tt wat the iec«BJ time within the last twelve hours, hebadititflj there ; and, on the previous occasion, ^''/B now lay in it stood by his side. He '°-*fl down sickened anr' horror-struck atthedi»BI ful, Jiaethinjj, cracking tnasg, and IhoughtW—J little either of them dreamed that one wtV soon to be buried in its loathsome deptM Perhaps, before another morning, lietooOijBJ be there ;. and, feeling his blood run cold ilUBJ thought, he was turning away, when some J came rapidly up, and sank down wilbaoWBJ ing, gasping cry on its very edge. ^'1*'I\JJ — tall and slender and graceful— he w»H kt!]H mid leaning over her, he laid his hand oakVJ shoulder, and exclaimed : H ' La Masque I' H CHAPTER XXI. I WHAT WAS BEHIND THE MASK. ^Bj The cowering form roie up ; buttMtog*BJ it was, sank down again, with its ha g»-BJ ling in the dust, aad with another ptoloHBj warning cry. , ,M ? Madam Manque I' he 8«id, wonderUM \- what ii this r ? He bent to raise her ; but with « »«?? scream, she held out her arms to keep V back. U 'No, no, no! Touch me not! H''.J| —kill me I I have murdered your ''??*? Sir Norman recoiled, as if from » *'? serpent. ? ' Murdered him! Madam, in HeaTMiia* what have you »aid.' . m 'Ob, I have not stabbtd him, otP°^M him, or shot him ; but I am h» mnnww nevertheless,' iWcried, writhing to a *»-?? gnawing iriwardv'torture. ? B : 'Madam, I do not understand you at all K Surely you are raving when you talk like this.' H Still moaning oa the edge of the plauge If pit, she half rose up, with both hands clasped If tightly over her heart, as if she would have If held back from all human ken thu anguish |§ tha' was destroying her. H ' No no ! I am not mad ! Pray Heaven jl I were ! Oh, that they had strangled me in 11 ' the first hour of my birth, as they would a H viper, rather than I should have lived through it all this life of misery and guilt to end it by JU this last, worst crime of all !' all Sir Nnrm-in stood and looked at her sti f/i 'far wide.' He knew well enough whose m murderer she called herself; but why she did §1 so, or how she could possibly bring about his W death, was a mystery altogether too perplexed H for him to solve. p| ' Madame, compose yourself, I beseech you, H and tell me what you mean f It is to my H fraind Ormiston you allude — is it not V H ' Yes, yes ! Surely you need not ask.' Wm this horrible place; but why you should III accuse yourself of murdering him, I confess llH I tlo not know.' Ill ' Then ynu shall V she cried passionately. Ell 'And you -will wonder at it uo longer! You Up arethelast'one to whom the revelation can ever WM bo made on earth; and, now that my hours «re Illl numbered, it mutters little whether it iu told HGsrif np nnt- I Wna it nnt- vnn wlin fti'«f. fmmrl him m dead.?1' mSk 'It was I — yes. And how he came to his HH end I have been pusfzling myself in vain to Wffl discover ever since.' Illl She rose up, drew herself fo her full majes HH tic lu'iglit, and looked at him with a terrible W glanee. M 'Shall I tell you?' HI ' You have had no hand in it,' he answered, ||i with a cold chill at her tone and look, 'for he III loved you !' H| ' I havu find a hand in it ; I alone have been 111 t!;e cause of ii ! ' But fur me he would be |H livins still !; ||| ' Madam,' exclaimed Sir Norman, in horror. IHI ' You need not look sis if you thought me IU mud, for I tell yon it is Heaven's truth ! IU You suy light — he loved mn ; but for that ||j| love he would have been living now !' WM ' You sppulc in riddles which I cannot read. Egg How could that love have caused his death, H since liis dearest wishes were to he granted m tn-tii»ht?' §f 'He told you that, did he1!' p ' lie did. Me told me you were to remove H your mask; and if, mi slicing you he still loved H ynu, ynu wore to In; his wife.' H 'Then woe to him for ever having extort«d ||. rucIi a promise from me ! Oh ! I warned hjm H again, and again, and again. I told him how P ic would Im— I begged him to desi.«t ; but uo, M lie was blind, he was mad, he would rush on i| Ms own doom ! I fulfilled my promise, and ||~Miii!d Hie result. Wk She pointed with a frantic gesture to the H pliiyiie-pit, and wrung her beautiful hands H with the saint! moaning of anguish. H 'Do 1 hear aright?1 said Sir Norman,. H looking at her, and leully doubting if his ears |H hail not 'deceived him. 'Do you mean to say, H that in keeping your word and shewing him lH yutiv t'iicii you have caused liis deatlii1 M ' I ilo ! I had warned him of it before. Kg 1 toki nun Ilium were sights too horrible to j|| look on and live, but nothing would convince HI liiin ! Oh! why was the curse of life ever H bestowed upon such a hideous thing as I ! M Sir Norman gazed at her in a state of hope H less litwildiTincnt. He had thought, from H the moment he saw her first, that there was H something wrong with her brain to make her El act in such a mysterious, eccentric sort of a RJ way ; lint ho had never positively thought g her so fur gon« as this. In his own mind, he HI set her down as being mad as u March hare, Bg and accordingly answered in that soothing B tono people use to imbeciles: ?J 'Aly dear Madam Masque — pray do not ex B tite yourself, or say such dreadful things. 1 M am sure you would not wilfully cause the g death of anyone, much less of one who loved g you us In; did.' g La Masque broke into a wild laugh, almost g worse to hear thau her former duspiiiiin-' g moans. , g 'Tlie mmi thinks me mad! He will not g believe, unless hu sees and knows for himself 1. g Pel-Imps yon, too, Sir Norman Kingsley,' she BJ cried, changing into sudden fierceness, ' would g like to soo the face behind this mask 1 — would g like to sec what has slain your friend, and g share his fate 1' g 'Certainly,1 said Sir Norman. ' I should g like to see it ; and I think I may safely pro ? misR not to die from the effects. But surely, g Madam, you deceive yourself; no face, how g ever ugly— even supposing you to possess such g a one — could produce such dismay as to cause g death.' g- ' 'iou shall see.' g She was looking down into the plague- pit, g standing so close to its cracking edge that Sir __ — u.uu a uiuuu iau com in me momentary ?I expectation to see her slip and fall headlong ? in. Her voice was less fierce and Jess wild, ?I but her hands were still clasped tightly over ? her heart, as if to ease the unutterable pain ?Mere. Suddenly aim looked up and said, in gp»u altered toue : ? ,' ' You have lost Leoline 1' ? 'And found In* agnin. She is in the ?siptiwerof'one Count L'Jiktrange.' ? -| 'Adi! if in his power, pray how have you ?Mound her T. ? ? ' ' Because we -\re both to meet in her pre gj ;?«eneo this very hour, and she is to decide be ? 'Urn Count L'Estrange promised you this T ? . ' lie hns.' I ?i|^n(I,you llave no -lollbt what her decision ? : | Not the slightest.' I' 'How came yon to know she was canied ? i ofl by this count V ?; ' He confessed it himself.' ?-; ' Voluntarily V Wl. 'Ntfj-J. tuked him with it, and lie owned gj:r to the deed ; but he voluntarily promised to gj:: wk6 me to her «nd abide by her decision. ? V L*tril0rfJiD''-y V said La Masque a. if to gr Herself ? Whimsical as he is, 1 ucarcely ex H' « -PL would sive her up Bo 9aBily »a this-' ? -- Anenyou know him, Madami' said Sir ? Norman, pointedly. ? : 'There are few thing I do not know, or ? wre disguises I cannot penetrate. So you ? nave discovered it tool' ? No, Madam, my eyss were not abarp en m. ousli, nor hud t aufficient cleverneaa even for ? : that. It WR8 Hubert, the Earl of Roehntei'a ?g l'«B**, who told me who he w.as/ , ?^ t vA1\tllB l)a8e !- «a»d La Masque, quickly. ? J*^ then, been speaking to him? m jyha doyouthiakofhia rwembUneto Leo-' ' I think it is the most astonishing resem blance I ever saw. But he ia not the only who bears Leoline's face.' ' And the other is — — ' « The other is sl)R whom you sent me to see in the old ruin. Madam— I wish you would tell me the secret of this wonderful likeness ; for I am certain you know, and I am equally certain it is not accidental.' ' You ate right. Leoline knows already ; for, with the presentiment that my end was near, I visited hei when you left, and gave her her whole history in writing. The ex planation is simple enough. Leoline, MVanda, and'Hubert. are sisters and brother.' v Some misty idea that such was the case had been struggling through Sir Norman's slow mind, unformed and without shape, ever since he had seen the trio, therefore, he was not in the least astonished when he heard the fact announced. Only in one thing he was a little disappointed. 'Then Hubert is really -x boy!' he said, half dejectedly. 1 Onrtainlv he Is. What did you think him to be V ' Why, 1 thought— that is, I do not know,' said Sir Norman, quite blushing at being guilty of so much romance, ' but that he was a womaa in disguise. You see he is so hand some, and looks so much like Leoline that 1 could not help thinking so.' ' He is Leoline's twin brother — that ac counts for it. When does she become your wife ?' ? This very morning, God willing,' said Sir Norman, fervently. ' Amen ! And may her life and yours be long and happy ! What become* of the rest V ' SinceHubert is her brother, he shall come with us, if he will. As for the other, she, alas, is dead.' ' Dead ! ' cried La Masque. ' How 1 When ? She was living to-night.' ? True. She died ot a wotinu. ? A wound ] Surely uot given by the dwarf's hand V 'No, no; it was quite accidental. But since you know so much of the dwarf, perhaps you also know ho is now the king'-* prisoner. ? I did not know it ; but I surmised as much whsn i discovered you and Count L' Estrange, follow/I by suuh u body of men, had f visited the ruin. Well, his career lias l-M-n ]nna onrl iliirlr pnnilnrll. add CVeil tl)U plague seemeed to spare him for the execu- | tionpr. And so the poor mock- queen is dead ? Well, her sister will not long survive her.' ' Good heavens, Madam !' cried Sir Nor man, aghast. ' You do not mean to nay that Leoline is going to die V ' O no ! I hope Leoline Uas a long and happy lift) before her. But the wretched guilty sister I mean is myself; for I, too, Sir Norman, am her sister.' At this new disclosure, Sir Norman stood perfectly petrified ; and La Masque, looking down at the dreadful place at her teet, went rapidly on — 'Alas and alas! that it should be so; but it is this direful truth. We bear the same name, we had thu same father, and yet I was the curse and bane of their lives.' 1 And Leolinn knows this 1' ' She never knew it until this night, or any one else alive ; and no ouij else should know it now, were not my ghastly life ending. I prayed her to forgive me for the wrong I hav* done her; and she may, for she is gentle and good ; but when, when, shall I be able to forgive myself!' To be continued. 