THE PEERYR1NGLE PAPERS. " I live in a constant endeavour to fence against the infirmities of ill- health and other evils of life by being firmly persuaded that every time a Tng-T| smiles— 1 but intteh more so When he laughs— it adds something to. this fragment of life;" SieexiT Hete it j otir tiue philosophy. I know a man #li6 ii bed- ridden; wfce— God hfclp him I — can never more enjoy the use of his limbs, fie is poor, harassed, raoked by pain, and worried by dans. And yet, I declare that his jolly face is ever set 111 a smile. I, being often troubled by the ffie|riBii— wtiljh i ftiehfl Of mine interprets M bila" — take my medicine from toy poor ( neighbour. A look at him is enough to oure me. His rolling, sonorous, hearty voice the sweetest musio. Laugh! He iB filtays laughing. His wife slaves herd from ifiorhing tintil night, and Iknow that this troubles him sorfely; #ut dhring his eeterest paroxysms, hil Biti&rest; refleotios, hS has Sltfays a cheery I word and a joke for her. I protest that ibey are the happiest oonple, despite their sore troubles, and I eome away from their house sometimes humiliated and humbled. For somehow laughter ii not the oommon thing it was, and I have a Ktooy that those who, own it are better than their lilldbs. People dcVfc lttfigh now as they used. I don't. The nearest approach to merriment I oan achieve is a kind of cynioal chuokie, and I notice that most people are like me in this respect. Even children, I think, don't laugh as they used some thirty years ago. Perhaps it is that there is not id mfiish tor laugh at. Looking on ihe other day at £ prfortoahoe of Punch and Judy, I Watched the youngsters gathered around. I oould not detect the ghost of a smile on their faoes, \- which rather reflected scorn and contempt for the dear old comedy. The only chap who did laugh keertily was an aboriginal, and I gave him a i£fn:_JC . i- i wi-i luiuiog iu grauiiuae iu uiemgiy. avoj ueaiiuiui toerrito'ent is one of the font arts, believe me. I ykdrfi with sytopatfay for those wretched paupers wHo iaajt fidre incomes of £560 per annnm and. upwards. The voraciOds M'Culloch designs to bleed these prospective martyrs to a decade of legislative blundering. And in my fbraariseration for these victims I entreat them to feed, toafl, learfi, did itiffardly digest the wise counsel given by Mark T#ain, who flattered into Itrathful statement of his income, discovered too m that he had Unbosomed himself to the tax- idiiectdf, 4n$ that he was liable to the Govern ment In the appalling sum of te£ (hotrrfand six hundred and fifty dollars inoome-tax. Let me tell what he did in hia own words. "I am acquainted with a very opulent man, whose house is a palace, whose table is regal, whose outlays are iMfitfts, yet who is a man who has no income, is I hata often noticed by the revenue returns. To hitn 1 went for advice is my distress. He took lay dreadful exhibit of receipts, he put on his glasses, he took his pen, and, presto—I was a pauper Mt was the neatest thing that ever was fie did it limply by deftly manipulating the bill of s DEDUCTIONS. He set down my 1 state, national, and municipal taxes,' at so muoh; my 'losses by bipwreek, fire, eto.,' at so muoh ; my 1 losses on real itate'—on 1 live stook sold1— -on 'payments fev rent of homestead' — on ' repairs, improve ants, interest,' and many other things. He go4 astonishing 1 deductions' out of each and every, one ef these matters — each and every one of them. And, when he was done, he handed me the paper, and I saw at a glance that during the year my income, in the way of profits, had been one thomoaad two kundrtd and fifty dollar t and forty mh. "'Now,' said he, 'the thousand dollars is exempt by law. Yfhat you want to do is to go and swear this document in, and pay tax on the two hundred and fifty dollars.' you, said I— ' 'do you always work up the 1 dednotions' after thie fashion in your own east, airP " ' Well, I should eay so. If it weren't for those eleven saving clauses under the head of 'De ductions,' I should be beggared in a year, to support this hateful and wioked, this extortionate and tyrannical, Government.' "This gentleman," continues Mr. Twain, " stands away up among the very best of the solid nira of the city — the men of moral weight, of commercial integrity, of unimpeachable social potlessnets — and so I bowed to bis example. I witat down to the -revenue office, and, under tbe ceasing eyes of my old visitor, the tax-assessor, I stood op and swore to lie after lie, fraud after hand, villainy after villainy, till my soul was Mated inches and inohes thick with perjury, and tty eelf-teipeot gone for ever and ever. " Bdt what of it P It is nothing more than thousands of the highest, and richest, and proudest, tad most respected, honoured, and eoortedmen in Amerioa dp every year. And so I don't ears, and I'm not ashamed." Tins is Mark Twain's experience, and I give it l hint to those poor suffering creatures who have to .endure life's burdens on a paltry thousand e so per annum. Let them juggle the jugglers, and take good heed of the deduction. By this fluans they may preserve themselves from the greed of the tax-ooU6ctPr, and protest morally and materially against the imposition of a tax upon the s ireetest principle of civ iiis ationa British freeman's breeches pocket. I remember once being present during the ex animation of a policeman in the Central Police Court, 8yd tie j-. The magistrate asked him at what time a certain event too£ pletce." As well as I can guess, yer worship, it was about tin o'clock,' answered the bobby. "Guess!" eohoed the magistrate, regarding bim fixedly, " pray how long have you been in the foroe ?" " About six months,' yer worship," replied the policeman. " Six months !" repeated the magistrate, lifting his hands with a gesture of pity rfnd aititoishment. " Six months ! and do you mean to tell me, sir, that yon have been six months a policeman, and haven't yet learned how to make a watch ? Yon won't suit, sir, believe me." This was gently Suggestive. The constables present sniggered with a thorough appreciation of the joke, and I doubt not that tiie iunobeht tyro' saw through it ere long, and took the hint to his advantage. And in troth the polioe have some exceptional ad vantages in respeot to the acquisition of portable property. The marvel, whioh innocent bnshmen find it so difficult to solve, as to what became of the loose change they reoolleot possessing up to the moment of the approach of oblivion, is after all a problem whioh a little knowledge of police human nature will enable anyone to demonstrate. I, for oue, am never surprised at the sncoess in life of the inevitable policeman. I know of one who owns numerous houses, whose wife dresses like a 1 Duchess, and whose children are bedecked in the most expensive raiment, and who himself comes out in grand mnfti. Moreover, hC is very fond of whiskey, and whiskey, as we all know, costs money. Well, I suppose he gets about eight shillings per day, wbioh gives him a weekly ! income of fifty-six shillings per week. I'm not a curious person, but I'd like to know how he does it. How caii he accumulate property, and bedeck himself and his womankind with costly gar ments on two pounds sixteen shillings per week? That's what's the matter with me, and I say thst it is an economic marvel, of which I should rejoice to get the key. Believe me, regarded merely as an investment, there are worse specs than joining the poiioe foroe. I must say that I think with Mr. McBermott. It is possible to go too far in the matter of 1\. a? nriu . a 1 , woHivB 0 cuuuemuus jluo uarungs nave toeir 1 place in creation, and it will be highly injudicious i to lift them out of it. For myself, being an old- ' fashioned fellow, I have a horror of the scholar i belle, who has all the ologies ut her fingers' end, and cab Shut tip her father or htisband OB every subject going. I have no objection to women being well educated. What is more' charming than a conversation with a well-read thoughtful woman ? But there is a distinction between such i a woman and one who is orammed with the learn- ; iug of a university. Fancy your wife carving the I domestic mutton to tbe tune of a Greek ohorns, ; or serving you with fish and an account of the gorge Of the Old Roman epicures as a sauoe piqudnte; or illustrating tbe muscular system while 11 dissecting" sf roast duck ; or werse, imagine her warning yon against partaking of certain dishes, and informing yon of the physio logical why and wherefore. Ugh ! Gould you c'asp such a creature to your manly bosom, and play the fool ? No, no ! Let women learn those things which enable them to render home more charming, or to make them more attractive in society. But none of your heavy pudding if you please. It's all bnnkum to talk about giving women a more extended sphere of oooupation. Nature has provided them with one legitimate business. Let them be good wives and mothers and never mind other matters. Who will rear up the young if the women tarn sawbones and lawyers ? The true occupation of women is giv ing to the world manly, trnthfnl, useful men, and medest, virtuous, earnest women. Let them stick to this, and never heed the attractions of the disseoting room, nor long for the privilege of splitting legal straws in the Supreme Court. In a word, let women be women, and never seek to be half and half creatures, neither fit for the Fornm nor the nnrsery. And Dot perfectly agrees with me, for as she truly says, what with mending the family stockings, and getting the kids ready for school, .and preparing the dinner, and keeping a Bharp eye on the baker's acoount, and scrubbing the bouse out, and getting a sly glance at the London -Journal, "no woman as calls herself a woman " oan have any time for studies of a l$es practical nature. And when I tell her that fine ladies delegate these duties to the servants, she only tosses her head and ories " More shame on 'em, the lazy hussies. If they only worked a little, instead of gadding about the block, showing off their improvers, they wouldn't find muoh time for their book-learning." And in a certain sense the old lady is in the right, though I haven't a word to Bay against improvers cr the wearers parading tbe block- £ think that women nowadays dress with great taste- I protest that one of my -most plea surable amusements lies in watohing the well- dressed ladies I see in the street— each of her kind a pretty picture. To be sum, ' one sees the grotesque and ludi crone not unseldom, but these little jars but serve to whet the appreciation of the beautiful. I declare that I wouldn't give a rap for a woman who does not love dress. I have a horror for those hypocrites in pettiooats who affeot the severely simple in costume toe straight up and dtown Quaker-like garb of the female philosopher- no, 00 j of tbe two give me a pretty well-dressed simpleton rather than a Minerva in a winsey sack. Women are designed by nature to make (themselves beautiful, and at- tractive, and lovable, and mischievous, and ir resistible, and indispensable. But they won't jdo this by cramming their pretty hea.ds with the : ! heavy learning of the schools, take my word for lVe j(XH$ EEERYBINGLE. 