Minine Laws. To the Editor. SIB,-As there has been so much discussion and legis lation, frequently ill advised, on mining and land laws, in the Australian colonies, I should have thought the people immediately concerned would havo long ere this determined upon laws for their guidance based upon tho tried ground of experience, and found generally advantageous, but it seems these subjects are even yet debateable questions My (present communication is in Borne degree in- ! tedded as a reply to Mr. Orawley's lotter on the Front age Mining Law, under date 23rd May laBt. The faot that gold mining ia generally a very poor, unremunorative employment-a sort of self-imposed slavery-is well known to every man, and also thnt the character of the occupation has been, from the first, rendered much more miserable than it otherwise might have been by reason of the Bystem of potty claim legislation by careless, ignorant, and, in some cases, unprincipled people. Gold-mining claims have always been too small, arranged without plan or design, and the actual miner, in three oases out of four, a mere poverty stricken slave, for ever hopinsr without the grounds for hope. So he goes on year after year, and very fre quently for a long course of yeara ; gradually, but im perceptibly to himself, getting older and poorer, till at last he sinks UDder the increasing weight of his burden. The law termed frontage law, or frontage system, has, I may be permitted to say, the approval of nil ex perienced and right-minded gold-miners, and no other method Bbould be admitted on any gold field where the sinking ÍB deep, as no body of men cnn prosecute pron tahle working where the sinking reaches eighty ta one hundred, on the system of " small block claims."! The "blook system referred to by your correspon dent, Mr. Crawley," may properly be termed working at random in the dark, without rule or compass; whereby an endless amount of useless labour is in* curred, the ground is cut up into patehes, a great deal of gold is generally wasted, and the essential business of propping often neglected. I saw this fully exemplified at the Bendigo Gold Field, some dozen years since-the depth of sinking about the samo as that referred to, several thousands of men working, butonly a small proportion of that number on gold. The unaccountable amount of time spent in shepherding and in useless labour might have been all advantageously employed, under a judioieu3 code of mining regulations, but such was the stolid prejudice of the men, added to tho beneficial influence of certain interested parties at the tim», that the mis chievous state of affairs continued till at last the appearance of a little water put a final stop upon further operations ; and the Government, after much delay, leased out the mining land in blocks of, say, 5 to 20 acres each, instead of the mining claim of 70 feet square, to parties who erected the necessary appliances for effectually carrying out the work. In the Ovens district, on the contrary, at the some time, nearly all the mining was regulated under a frontage law, which took effect when the sinking arrived at forty feet deep, and answered admirably. I was at the Indigo Lead, in that district, when the frontnge law was established, and assisted in sinking two shafts, each 130 feet deep. A ,very large body of men wore on the ground, all satisfied with the general working of the frontage system, as each claim upon gold was a guide to the next m advance ; very little useless labour was expended. Prospecting parties who went ahead of the general body were entitled to larger areas, as a compensation for their additional riBk and labour consequent on dis covery. The Indigo Lead produced a large amount of gold of fino quality-value, £4 per ounce-and tho country under which it passed was an extended and nearly level flat (Mr. Crawley says a flat country is not applicable to the frontage). When I left the place the sinking through red clay and gravel,?had reached tho great depth of 200 feet, but dry, the claims being chiefly worked by windlasses ; in some cases by whims. The people living in any particular district, engaged in gold-mining, have the best light to the advantages presented in that place. The idea hinted at by Mr. Crawley, that an ex ploded and generally unprofitable mode of operating should be recognised, because it may or may not give the ghost of a chance for a swarm of wandering men to come and try to hustle out those who had Bpent time and means in discovery, is absurd and unjust in the extreme. If the now comers to any gold-field have no other wish than to reap the reward of their own honest exertions, they can await their time, lill an opening arises for them under the existing rules, or seek employment ab wages. Tho system of mobs of men, many of them without any means, mainly depending on the chance of acci dent, passing from one distriot to another, over hun dreds of miles of country, is objectionabîe, neither tending to their own welfare, nor that of the general community. I should not Jhave troubled you with this letter, but it is important that information of a valuable char acter should be brought to bear upon all mattera per taining to the welfare of the people, and aa I haye had more than twenty years' experience in gold-mining in California and Australia, I speak not from hearsay, but actual practico. I am, Sir, most respectfully yours, QUEENSLANDER. Northern Queensland, July 18,1875. N.B.-The deep leads or mus of auriferous fluvial wash, generally resting on a substratum of finely powdered or pulverized quartz, usually termed pipe clay, have all the characteristics of surface creeks and rivers 