ALL OR NOTHING. * Jessie Macintyre, give me nay yeantthis tiiinmt 'cross the fence, an' don't be kapin' me wan second more. Mr, Julius is ringing the third time. I know his ring; and Mips Lvdia haven't come down. She generally let's him in, but there's something atween them now. He hasn't been here for a fort night. There I Come in when yeVe got yer dishes washed, an' I'll go 'cross lots with ye.' And Sarah Kgan tooK ner mgni across me back garden into the deacon's entry, just as Julias Sewall was making up his mind to go away. This was not his usual greeting. There would be a glad little rustle at the door inside, the belt would be sharply turned, and the sunniest, brightest face flash up at him with both hands held out. To-night Sarah Egan's honest, though not over homely face, was a poor substitute. * Miss Lydia was in, but she had a head aefce.* This being the rural form form for * not at home,' Julius felt privileged to remonstrate. » Very sorry ; but tell her I won't interfere with her headsche, if she wants to have one.' For Sarah was one of the family, and knew its affairs as well as anybody. 1 My head aches,' said a small owlish young one who sat on the lowest step of the stairs, * because they brush and comb it so much. I wish they'd comb their own heads. Aunt Lydia isn't sick ; she looks lovely. I thought I 'should have to bite her.' * Run. up, Doxy, and ask her if it would not do her good 'to ride over to East Pond with me,' a«ked Julius, coaxingly. ' 0 oh !' groaned the mite, in dire distress ; * if you knew what I have been through to day you would not ask me. I'm just sitting down to rest my old bones. You can come up if you like; 'taint far. The stairs are drefful »asy.' ^ m ? The seducing permission had almost its effect, for Julius stood with one foot on the stairs, inclined to besiege a white door above, and draw forth headache and patient to sur render; in which case Lydia would have driven round by East Pond, gone after water lilies, and this chapter would never have been written. * Go along !' ordered Doxy, viciously. 1 You're taking up my room on the stairs, and I want to meditate bv myself. 1 need it ! I feel it my duty to ! If you do not move I'll step on your boots.' ' If you don't go to your aunt Lydia and tell her what I said, I'll hang you on the first hollyhock I come to,' eaid Julius, waxing wrath. * Start ! or I'll call you a name that I know of.' * What is it ?' said the pianofore philoso pher, getting up and going up the stairs backwards. * You're nothing but a protoplasm,' deliver ed Julius, in his most ferocious manner, which sent the blue-frock flying to his aunt's door. * Aunt Lvdia ! Miss Cleveland — please, Miss Cleveland I here's a man hear wants you to come right down to East Pond. He's in a awful hurry ; and he called me a wicked name. It made me madder 'n a roach. A shocked ? ' « Hash, Doxy !' * I'm glad it's after sundown, so's I can Btav mad all night. Mother, make me for give people after dark, so's the Bun won't go down 'pon my raff.' * What did Mr. Sewall call you ? asked BUnt Lydia, looking out, calm and pate, in a cambric wrapper, with crimson hair stripes. 4 1 was some kind of caterpillar, or photo graph; 1 don't know which. Why don't you say you won't go to please me ? Why don't you want to go ? Say why not.' * Yes, why not ?' asks Julius, appearing decorously half way up the stairs, and vanish ing again at an expression on Lydia's face. The cambric wrapper, tnmly beited with a little faded blue crape knot at the throat, made a bewitehing toilette, though Lydia was not thinking of it, as she went down to this unfortunate suer. * What is the matter ?' was Julius's ques tion ; * you are changed.' * Time to be, I should think,' with a weary smile. * The end of all things is not at hand ; and if it were, there, is no reason why jot or tittle between you and me should be altered. You speak in riddles.' * You are not slow enough to need help in guessing them, no matter, Your * lewes' was sent home yesterday. I hope you found it all right ? * You have not finished it. Why. I brought it onlya^he last time I was here.' * I see ; there could not be a more gentle reminder that you have missed me. So you would not come down because A had been away 8O long ? Lydia mine, that would be unmerciful.' She turned with a quick look of pain. ! * Where was your mercy ? The days have ! been like the days of the dead. Forgive me, i if I can suffer it no more. I am made too i weak for it.' ' * Lydia, vou act as if you do not wish to ; ftee me again.' *I have been foolisb enough to care forj you ; but are you sure that you like me, and that you do not deceive yourself in thinking me more than a pleasant friend.' * Is all this because I have been foolishly answering Hattie Spencer's signals for flirtation? You mistake me. A man may have a thousand fancies, yet his heart be held by only one love. If I thought it need cause you any disquiet, I would never look at her again. Come, let us be friends again ;' and he raised her hand to bis lips. * Are you sure it is not mere liking you have for me. I love you dearly ; but I could not love you, and have you only imagine you love me.* * Ib anybody going to die ?* said Doxy, appearing with his loaded pinaiore, and meet ing rather sober faces. * I've got something, and I'm going to take it to my mother. She needs something to do her good.' Whether an apronfull of brandy peaches would do her good or not, Aunt Lydia laid hands on benevolence, and ordered him to the bath-room. * 'Taint my my fault,' objected the offender, loudly. * You ought to have been looking after me better. A child like me don't know different ; can't be spected to. Anyhow, I've druuk all the brandy. It was juicy ; and I guess the jar's broke. Ovv, my head is run ning away from my inside ! Aunt Lydia, I —feel like Deing a — good — boy ;' and so he probably did until he got over his debauch on Julius, alter saying * Farewell' to his lady love, smiled in spite of himself as he found limself straying in the street which Hattie Spencer lived. French roofs and gardens, set with evergreens, appeared along this road ; md a pale dress and tulle scarf about an in pisible head was lurking among the cedars, near the gate of the farthest one. « Is it a ghost that walks so late ?' asked Julius, pausing. ' You really keep promises, then ?' said one Df the softest, fullest voices, while a white band was held OHt to him across the gate. * If they are pleasant ones, I never fail to keep them. You don't have much cause to complain of people failing in their promises to you, I think.' 'I never exact,' sighed the lady. 'Per haps I de:-erve to be disappointed more often than I am.' * Ah, well, I think yon must have drawn me here, angel de mi alma P veiling a daring phrase in a tongue unknown to her, but let ting the tone express enough to translate it. * How do I know you're not Galling me a wicked name, as my music-master did once, and I could not understand him. Don't you wish it was always evening?' she asked, looking towards the setting sun. * Like this ? Yes ;' his eyes resting on her upturned eyes. * You have been annoyed ?' she suddenly asked. * I can see that, without asking. It is easier to forgive annoyances from some people than from others.' * I agree with you there.* At the same time the postman came up with the letters, and Hattie tearing one open a pfioto dropped on the ground. It was a man's face — a gallant, irresistible face — that woke general jealousies in Julius. * That man could not come between us, but he has sent his picture to disturb us, anyhow. Hattie, I wish you would answer me one question — did that man ever walk with you as I have done ?' * Wfav not ?' came the provocative answer. * I feel a ghost walking over my grave. I think 1 had better leave you to your paste board companion,' he said, rather bitterly. * Pray give me that picture ? 1 could not do without it,' she said, quickly. ' Must vou care so much for that when I am with you ?' * What if it were more than all friends could be?' she asked, with a genuine, thrilling depth in her voice. * Is that ring: on your hand a bond ?' he demanded, huskily. 'I own no bonds but such as the heart weaves for itself,' she answered, sweetly and absently. Santa Maria! They are doing the scene — a mere play of emotion to each — beautifully.* ' This is not the world, Hattie. The moon light makes a new earth of mystery and beauty for you and for me. You are more to me than a common friend, and I know you trust me. Look at me, and read what I must not say.' She bent until a fold of tulle blew against his neck, and wrapped them together for a moment. * We are in another world,' he said, in soft, hushed tones, and kissed her, holding her by the shoulders, like some prize he grasped, but feared to crush. Then he left her hastily, without another word. Sbe looked after him with a satisfied glance. * How the dew ruins these organdies ! Limp as a handkerchief. He kisses very well — quick and firm ; better than ? ' But we will not listen to a coquette's conversation. 'The air is like a sea cf crystal,3 thought Lydia, leaning from her window at that hour. Ah, tlrat last week of her dream life ! Julius was never so gentle aad kind ; praising her work, seeming to worship her, loading her with attentions in a silent, absorbed way. Ha begged to be allowed not to talk much — 4 It was a relief to be with some one who under stood him with words1 — and she took this for sheerest praise. But the moonlight was fair at the Cedars too, and Hattie Spencer's art past feigning. And the little birds flew east, and the little birds flew west, to tell Lydia Cleveland how her lover was at the Cedars every evening he spent away from her, and Hattie Spencer walked with him. They met by accident, of course, and the carved onyx ring that Julius used to wear was seen to sparkle on her finger by accident, of course ; but when Julius found that Lydia knew this he stood shaking and striving for nonchalance before her. 'You need not iell me anything,' said Lydia, as sparkling as everj 'you couldn't help it. I blame myself for not seeing things earlier; but my faith in facts bowed to my faith in you. Only if you give that woman your love, be sure you get all hers in return.' This was ali the warning she dare give him ; no one else hinted about the gay, wild, hand some lover, from whom Hattie. Sueneer hud been parted by Jier family years before, nor did anyone know how eager she was for a change, even if it were marriage — that might take her into his world again. Since he, too, was married, nothing could part them worse than they were, and she might make him feel her power still. So when, the harvest moon shone clear over the still green and fragrant fields about the Cedars, it fell through broad casements on Hattie Spencer in her wedding dress. Sbe made a splendid bride, the red lipped, black-crowned woman in white silk, filmed with tulle, and crusted with orange blossoms. She had locked herself in alone, and stood with her lips on a photograph, almost crushing it with their pressure. * Al ways yours, Cecil,' she whispered, * and never more so than now.' The next moment came the bridegroom's knock. Below, in the crowd that overflowed the parlours into the hall, sat Lydia at the foot of the staircase, looking like a northern streamer, with her white dress and trailings of scarlet leaves, whose colour was reflected in her cheeks. She seemed the goddess of gaiety, whom all men love ; and it was whiie bending over her, absorbed in the flash and laughter of her talk, that Lieutenant King, a kinsman of the bride's, forgot to look up until the pageant was upon them. His face shone as if bidden from three summers ago, when he and Cecil were inseparable, since when he had been absent, and seeing him the bride's foot wavered, and her white boot heel caught on the edge of the stair, almost throwing her headlong. It was onlv a moment, and nobody saw the picture which fell from her dress and was swept down to the lowest stair. Alas ! Doxy was there, secured the prize, and kept it till he went to kiss the newly -made bride, holding his Aunt Lydia's hand. * Mavn't I have this ?' Doxv asked, holding the photo straight before them, so as the three could see it. ' I found it on the stairs after you came down. Do gire it to me, will vou ?' The bride stood palsied long enough for Julius to recognise the photograph. And this was the end of his love: the woman who had ensnared all his self-indulgent nature in a feverish passion wore another man's picture in her bosom on her wedding day. — From Harper's Bazaar. Neta. , 