MISS ANGEL. By Miss Thackeray. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter XXI. —" Mnscians Waiting; Enter Servant.5' Lady W. had not spared thought and trouble to make her ball go off with all brilliancy of wax and fire, of minuet and country dance, of beauty dressed to best advantage, and music playing in time to dignified graces ; servants without num ber were standing about the doors dis playing their masters' gold- braided ambi tions and bright-colored liveries. De Horn's green lacqueys were conspicuous among them ; they carried wands in their hands, and wore huge nosegays. The park was lighted by torches, lamps were hanging along the avenues that led to the house. A crowd stood outside the iron gates,cheering occasionally as the long names and the splendors and persons be longing to each came driving up. I think people were less blase than they are now, and thought more seriously upon certain subjects. Dancing, for instance, and powdering, and postures took up a great deal of time"; so did conversation and correspondence—of all of which exercises our own generation seems somewhat im patient, as it hurries on its way curtailing with small ceremony. Miss Angel started in her grand equi page to take her part in all the State cere monies, and. her father put on his old cloak and prepared to follow into the crowd to have the glory of seeing his child pass into the paradise of lords. The Princess of Brunswick was to be there and other great personages. Little Rosa begged so hard to be allowed to go too, that as it was a fine November night shining with many stars and crossed by no chill winds, the old man consented to it, and the little girl started clinging to his hand and dancing with delight along the pavement. I suppose to one or two people present, or the crowd within or without, every ball is delightful; certainly little Rosa in her outer darkness was as happy as any of the splendid and lighted up ladies within—far happier than Angel herself, who had come in a strange and depressed state of mind. By degrees (it often happens after de pression) her spirits rose wildly. If a new gown, plenty of music, smooth polished floors, admiration, and half a dozen persons at her elbow, could make her happy, these elements were not want ing. Antonio was gone, Mr. Reynolds had left her. but all these vanities re mained. People talk of fleeting worldli ness ; it seemed to be the one thing that she could count upon. Friendship left her in a fury ; love made a speech and walked out of the room ; but here was faithful frivolity, and vanities unchang ing; here were partners and compli ments, here was De Horn unremitting in courteous attention. Since other things were not for her, she would take what she could . hold. Was Frivolity a divine goddess after all 1 Was this to be the experience of her life, to find divinity in one • thing after another ? At times during that eventful evening Miss Angel'a laughter and spirits were almost wild, but at others she drooped. There was anxiety in the air; the secret feelings of the last few months seemed mingling with the scene before her. Almost the first person she saw as she came into the room was Mr. Reynolds talking to one of the beautiful Ladies Waldegrave. He came up to her, held out his hand with a gentle deprecating look. She hardly knew how to respond ° there was a dazzle of flights before her eyes, of music in her ears. She turned away quickly^ and just realised the fact that Lady Diana, who was in crimson and looking greatly bored, was beckoning to her to come and stand by her side. From their corner the two ladies could see into the great dining-room, which had been decorated and turned into a dancing hall. An arch had been opened into the little octagon room, Miss Angel's late retreat. Her bedroom had been transformed into a retiring boudoir, with lamps and low divans ; almost all the windows were unshuttered, and the lights on the terrace without, and the shouts of the bystanders, seemed to make a fiery circle and outer incantation to the glittering magic within. There is a picture by Stothard of a court ball in those days, delicately and charm ingly indicated. There is a s weeping and measured calm in all the brilliance, a high-bred grace and composure. Lady W.'s ball was remarkable for this mix ture of brightness and grave restraining sense of high dignity present. The country dances were performed with great spirit. Angelica danced twice with M. de Horn, who came and re minded her that she was promised as she stood by Lady Di. De Horn's dancing was celebrated for its excellence. He was stately, composed, graceful, moving his long limbs with a sort of careless ease. When dancing, he seemed quite different from the somewhat conscious person he appeared under ordinary circumstances. His ear for music must have been re markable ; and the whole glittering set of country dancers seemed to be inspirited and kept to the measure by this one man's performance. They swayed and bowed, and stamped their high heels ; the swords swung; the gentlemen's gold embroideries, which they shared with their lacqueys, twinkled; the stately lady figures rose and sank, and pointed their -satin toes. De Horn, among them all, in his black and silver, seemed to beat his own time and keep the music itself in measure. Angelica made no secret of her pleasure in his performance. When ' excellence reaches a certain point, even dancing becomes a fine art, and ceases to be a per sonal display to real artistic natures. Perhaps this may have been a small fine art, but it was all in all for the moment; and when De Horn's glance sought Angelica's after one of their complicated evolutions, she gave a bright and un qualified look of approval and interest. Mr. Reynolds was still standing not far off, and he saw her glance, and then he looked down at his shoe buckles, feeling as if_ he had no right to watch Angelica's expressions or movements any more. That look seemed to tell him he had been right to absolve his con science. She was a ghost to him—that beautiful.living -woman, with, the light of youth in her eyes, of interest and fine in telligence. When the dance was over, De Horn-conducted her back to her. place by Lady Di. He remained by her side, not talking exactly, for he was a person nage muet, and depended more upon his legs than his wits for the favor he received from the world. He stood listening to Angelica's talk with everybody else, and putting in a word every now and then more or less to the purpose. " What a stupid man He Horn is !" said Lady Di once when he had moved away, called off by some acquaintance. ! "Do you think so?" said the Kauff mann. " I think the man is a very good specimen of a human being." She spoke lightly, but she felt anything but gay and j unconcerned. Was it magnetism and force of will by which De Horn made hi3 way ? It was some curious power he had of making others half interested, half afraid. An gelica dimly felt that she was in danger. He still seemed with her, even when she was talking to others. Goethe tells Eckermann about attractive and repul sive powers belonging to human beings as they walk in mysteries. It must have been some magnetic powers in De Horn which imposed upon so many. As the handsome couple stood side by side they commanded a view of the bril liant company in the blazing hall and on the staircase drawn up to receive the Princess of Brunswick and the Duke of Cumberland, who had arrived in state. The heads bend in long line, the cour tesies vie in depth and sweep ; the pro cession sweeps on, the buzz of voices rises afresh. Two people began talking in the crowd of the Daily Courant, a newspaper which had just come out. "Its news is not of the latest," says one of the speakers, turning to De Horn ; " it announces Count De Horn's expected arrival in London via Paris and Dover. It is three months after date in its intelli gence. " Is he coming ?" said De Horn, with a start. "He—who 1" Said the other, and De Horn seemed suddenly to remember to burst out laughing. Angelica, preoccupied as she was, could not help wondering at the agitation this little incident seemed to produce in her partner. He presently asked her if she did not feel the heat. Would she not come nearer an open window ? "Are you ill? Pray do not think of me," she said, for she saw that he was deadly pale. But he would not leave 1 her. . He seemed to detain her, by mere force of will to keep her apart from the rest of the company. He began talking as he had never done before. " Ah ! that you were in my own rank of life !" he said once ; " but what matters rank or difficulty when there is wit and courage and true love ?" She became more and more uneasy as his manner grew more free. He followed her everywhere from room to room, into the supper room at last, where he handed some refreshment she had asked rfor across a table, saying, "Let me serve you, madam. Ah ! you are fortunate ; here in this country you have no vexing restrictions as with us. Before I left Sweden, a friend of mine was taken before the magistrates for having taken a cup of chocolate in her box at the play. _ She was condemned to a week's imprison ment and a heavy fine." "Is it possible V cried Angelica. "I should be sorry to pay such a price for a cup of chocolate." (Alas ! poor woman, she had to pay a heavier price than this I for that which Count de Horn was now | handing to her.) 'c Our sumptuary laws are of extraordi nary severity," cried the Count. " I my self have, I fear " he broke offl abruptly. "Will you come back to the [ dancing-room ?" he said, and he looked at her with one of those strange uncertain glances. As De Horn's agitation grew less, An gelica felt her own insensibly increase. She became more and more afraid, and once, when he had been called away by one of the Princess of Brunswick's atten dant pages, she precipitately engaged her self to Lord W., who happened to be .standing near. But fate seemed to interfere. Lady W. came up with a "No, W., you must not dance with Kaufi'mann. I know how much you would like to do so ; but there is the Princess of Brunswick waiting to be taken in to supper. Here is Count de Horn, who will, l am sure,'supply your place." She was gone, and once more Angelica .found her fingers in the grasp of the very hand she was trying to avoid. His fingers held hers so strangely, closing with a firm light pressure, that she seemed unable to resist. " Here is a seat by the window," she said, trying to avoid him, and with a sort of smile she withdrew her hand in an unconcerned way, talking of something else all the while ; but again she hap pened to meet' the look of his strange penetrating eyes as she glanced up ; it seemed to her as if his glance held her a3 firmly as his closing fingers. . Old John Joseph was in the crowd out side, and had managed to creep with little Rosa through the barriers. As they stood on the terrace of the garden, they saw, to their delight, Angelica go by in her bril liance, escorted by this magnificent squire. " How white she looks, grandpapa!" said little Rosa; "is she frightened all | alone ?" "She is not all alone; that great Signor is talking to her," said John Joseph. " Praised be heaven that I see my child honored as she deserves; all are acknowledging her rights. See, Rosa, they are looking for her, she receives a message, she is led across. Rosa! It is one of the Princess's pages who has been | sent for her," cried old John Joseph, creeping up closer and closer to the win- ] dow, and trampling the flower-bed, to behold the apotheosis of his Angel as she is conducted to the great chair where the j Princess is sitting in State. " People are coming this way. Come quick," whispers little Rosa, pulling at his coat tails. They are a timid pair, and the burst of voices frightens them, and the two creep off carefully and unper ceived, slide along the rails and come out j away into the street. They find their way home, through dark moonlit streets, to the house where the tired servants arc Bloeping. .Soon little Rosa, too, ia dreaming of moonlight and of music. ~ ; Old John Joseph lights his. pipe and sits down contentedly in the great chair in the parlor, waiting until Angel should return ; he opens the window to hear her first summons. Long, warm, dark hours pass, and he nod3 sleepily in his place, all wrapped in his cloak. The open window lets in the first light of dawn, the birds begin to chirp crisply in the chill serenity. The dawning light shines upon the ball, and upon the dancers still untiringly pursuing their mazes.. It shines upon a woman who has come out from the hot glaring room, with its straining music and oppressive scent of burning wax, into the dim grey garden where the trees just rustle in the dawn, and the sparrows are whistling their early chorus with fresh precision. All that night Angelica had felt unnaturally wound up, excited, agitated. This dim cool light seemed to call her back to rest, to tranquil mind, to reality of heart and feeling. Her dress gleamed white among the shadows. Some silver cloud was drifting overhead. Some one saw her go from the room, and came pursuing her steps. It seemed impossible to avoid De Horn, who now followed her along the twilight path. " Why do you come ?!' she cried, exaspe rated ; " do you not see that I would avoid you 1" "Why do I cornel" said De Horn. " Madam, I have much to say' to you. My happiness, my liberty, my life, are in your hands. I have had news to-night— news that overwhelms me. I am in dire disgrace. My estates and my life may be forfeit. You alone can save me, Bave me from despair." Angelica turned her wondering looks. She saw he was in earnest; he looked ghastly. . ' " " The Queen would listen to you," he cried. " Did you not see the PrinceBS smile as she gave you Her Majesty's mes sage and summons to Windsor ? Tour influence would save me," he repeated. " Indeed I will do anything," faltered Angelica, greatly moved ; " but you over rate, you entirely mistake." " I do not overrate anything," he said, approaching his anxious face to hers, and through the dim twilight his great ' black eyes gleamed, and, as the light increased, she saw more plainly the lines of care and almost terror in his face. Then,; before she could prevent him, he fell upon his knees, and caught hold' of her skirts with his two hands as he spoke. " You have influence upon all. whom you approach ; you could obtain grace for your husband," he cried, "if not for me. Oh, Angel, be that which./you are, a generous and noble-hearted woman. Give me .my life ! I love you to distraction, you see it, you know it. If you have one womanly feeling, one pitiful thought for a wretch in torment, you could save me, you alone." And he struck his breast and burst into an odd spasm of tears. " " Oh ! no, no," said Angel, doubting, not knowing, how to answer, how to escape. He went on passionately entreating, and she, bewildered, excited, let him "go on, listened with rising agitation, melted as she listened, grew interested agamst her own conviction, and suddenly, the spell of the moment, the passionate peti tion, her own yielding nature, all over came her ; some wave seemed to flow over her head, and it seemed to her as if it was no new thing ; but as if that voice had been pleading and pleading from the very beginning .of life, as if all her. coldness and indifference were cruelty and selfishness, and as if some conviction had come to her, that he must be saved at any price, she alone must save him. Suddenly, very quietly, she yielded, agreed to everything. - She would., meet him next day at the little Catholic chapel out of Manchester-square. He could hardly believe it as she spoke, hardly believe that his prize was so easily won. She would keep the - secret, and as she said so he seized, her: hand |and kissed it again and again. If any one were to suspect his marriage —such were, the laws of Sweden, He Horn assure(d her—he would be imrhe diately carried off, imprisoned perhaps for life; "but you, my treasure, my Angel of deliverance, under the shadow of your pure wings I shall be safe." He seemed again overpowered, and for a moment Angelica lost courage. . -. But she made no opposition, when De Horn seized her hand, and pulled Lady VY.'s little ring off her finger. " This is a pledge of your truth and goodness; you dare not fail me now." Though his words were harsh, his lookr were melting; they seemed to appeal tt her very heart. She could not speak, but bent her head in assent, "When she looked up De Horn was hastily escaping along a shadowy path, for one instant he stopped and pointed towards the house, from whence a whole stream of dancers now issued. The sun rose over the houses, a glitter ing stream of gold fell upon Angelica in her silver dress. As she turned to meet the company, she seemed on fire, advanc ing radiant and excited. How much are omens worth. : Poor Angel I hitherto people had re proached her with lightness of nature. Henceforward the burden of life lay heavy enough to satisfy her most envious detractors. (To be continued.) 