TRUE BEAUTY. Happily, God has been pleased to give us one perfect example, one consummate character of unsullied beauty, without a spot of corruption, a trace of sinful weakness, to mar it. The character of our blessed Master has been the subject of rapturous admiration even to the infidel. The very men who deny his Messiahship., and count the blood of his covenant an unholv thinsr. vet bow the knee and adore before his character. His unselfish and unutterable love, his noble self-forgetfulness, his constant fortitude and sublime patience, his gentleness and humility, his tender compassion and unfailing sympathy with every form of human suffering, were yet combined with a divine strength of will, an uncompromising firmness, an unflinching courage to denounce the false, an unspotted singleness of purpose, a matchless holiness, an unerring wisdom, and an Almighty power. His character stamps the signet of divine inspiration on the very gospels which record it. The more closely it is watched the more we wonder and admire it. Gentle without weakness, firm without harshness, faithful without uncharitableness, strong without intolerance, with all graces, all virtues, all perfections in one, the still living Jesus, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, stands before the soul, the centre of the world's wonder, praise, and admiration. Are we then ambitious of attaining the true beauty, and of conciliating to ourselves, as we pass through life, affection and respect? Do we wish to be transformed more and more perfectly into the standard of God himself ? The Model after which we shall be formed, and the Agent whose sanctifying power shall accomplish the change, are both at hand. I. We have the model in our Master. It should be the constant effort of the Christian to realise the conception of Jesus till He stands before us, to the eye of faith a person as actual as He was to the bodily eyes of the apostles, and till we seem to follow His footsteps, and grow into His likeness. We need a much more close and frequent study of the gospel histories than is usually given to them. It is not enough to read them as so many statements of dry facts ; as, for instance, that our Lord opened the eyes of blind Bartimseus, or fed the five thousand, or rebuked the winds and the waves. But we need to recall and picture to ourselves all the circumstances of the narrative, to realise the exact mode of His acting and speaking, to conceive the scenes, times, events ; in short, we need to give them reality, and treat them as actual things, and not mere dreamy shadows of the past. We need to meditate over them till the august Jesus fills all our heart with His image, and wins all our affection with His entrancing beauty. The benefits of thus realising Christ will be many and great. Even should we be unable to describe in words His character, we shall not fail to feel its excellency. Our hearts will catch His likeness as we dwell upon His features. A slow sweet process of assimilation will bring us nearer and nearer to Him day by day. And as we thus know Him more, the knowledge will solve many practical difficulties in the Chris tian life. We feel, by a kind of instinct, what is consistent or inconsistent with Him, and find no difficulty in saying how He would have acted and felfc under circumstances not actually recorded. Are we doubtful then how we should act or feel in special circumstances 1 Let the image of Christ be placed before you. Were He in your place what would be His conduct, what His words ] What Christ would do the Christian must do. Here must be our rule, for He has left ns an example that we should follow in His footsteps, ' who did no sin, neither was guile found in His mouth ' (1 Pet. ii. 21, 22). II. To such a model no man can reach in his own strength. The transforming energy must come from God the Holy Ghost. He alone is competent to plant the new and heavenly life, beating pulse for pulse with the life of God himself, within the human soul. He alone can maintain that, life, and enable the Christian to grow into the perfect likeness of his Master. But the Spirit must be sought in daily prayer, or else in its absence the soul, like some arid soil, scorched by the Eastern sun, will lie bare, and barren, instead of blooming as the garden of the Lord, and blossoming as the rose. There must be a close walk with God, that, iu that daily contact of the soul with Him the lines of His image, like true beauty, may be renewed upon the heart. Nothing less than this will suffice; for to act up to this lofty standard involves such con tinued denial of ourselves, such constant victory over self indulgence, such sustained superiority to petty personal feelings and fretful tempers, that nothing but the sense of God's constant presence, and the abiding joy of it, can sustain a Christian under the conflict. But then what delight will there be here ; what glory hereafter ! What delight here in the very society of God, in the dwelling of the heart upon our Master's image, in the sense of His love, and the growth of the soul's new life in righteousness and peace ! What glory hereafter., when we shall see, face to face, Him whom we see now through a glass, darkly, and waking up after His likeness shall be for ever satisfied with it ! — Garbett's Religion in Daily Life. 