MESSRS. MOODY AND SANKEY IN LONDON. [From our Special Correspondent. ] The Amerioan Evangelists have been more than a week in the metropolis, and the excitement which attended their first appearance has not subsided, though it is not extending as it did m some of the large provincial towns. The "mission," which is intended to last four months, opened on Tuesday, 9th instant, with a night meeting at the Agricultural Hall, Islington —the largest building for public purposes in London—and oae that has been frequently mentioned in your -annual notices of the Christmas Cattle Show. This immense hall was fittedwith seats from floor to roof, and the sitting room provided would have sufficed comfortably for fifteen thousand people. But on the opening night a goed many more than the maximum allowance . squeezed themselves into the interior. There must have been well on to seventeen thousand present, but they were not as a rule of the class who stand in most urgent need of evangelizing. The prevailing type among them was what Mr. Moody classifies as the " Christian worker." The platform had been reserved for clergymen and members of Committee. All communions were amply represented ; but Nonconformists were not in the ascendant. Among the notable men were two Peers—the Earl of Cavan and Lord Radstock— themselves zealous revivalists. The House of Commons did cot not seem to be in force—fib*. Samuel Morley and the Aberdeenshire member, Mr. McCombie, being most conspicuous on behalf of that branch of the Legislature. Mr. Stephen Blackwood—a leader of the celebrated Mildmay conferences and a distinguished official in the Civil Service—joined in the welcome of the two Americans. The audience as a whole was of the 'usual church-going, respectably-religious order; but this was to be expected at what was really a preliminary meeting. IHB F1BST SERVICE AT ISLINGTON Opened punctually to a minute at the time announced—in fact, Messrs. Moody and Sankey ascended the platform a minute or two before their time. Some months ago you had an interesting account from Mr. LyaJl of one of their services in the north of Scotland, in which he gave a sketch of the men and their antecedents. Mr. Meody, the preacher, is rather a big, burly man, with a black beard worn colonial fashion—he is out-and-out American; but Mr. Sankey has a decidedly English appearance. Portraits of them are no doubt circulating in the colonies, as they are all over England, but the purchasers need not flatter (themselves that they possess very striking likenesses. One of the peculiarities of the Evangelists is to refuse to sit for their photographs. Over and over again they have refused handsome pecuniary offers for a Bitting with copyright. Before coming here they were pestered with such offers from the leading West-End photographers, one of them accompanied with a suggestion that a cheque for £1,000 would not stand in the way <of a friendly arrangement. In default of originals the artists have had to take sketches at the meetings and " make up" from them the professed photographs now in circulation. They are as a rule very indifferent as counterfeit presentments of two remarkable faces. On ascending the platform Mr. Moody walked straight to his rostrum in the centre of the platform, and leaning on the rail said quickly and without any preface, "Let us rise and sing 'Praise God Irom whom all blessings flow.' Let us praise Him for what He is going to do in London. Let every one ang." A pause of a few seconds followed while Mr. Sankey was adjusting himself at his harmonium. The doxology, familiar as it must have been to nearly every soul in the great audience, was poured forth with a volume of harmony and energy almost inconceivable. At Mr. Moody's request one of the ministers present—Mr. Billing —prayed for God's blessing on " all London" and the work He was about to do in it. " Old Hundred" was given out next, and sung again by the whole -congregation. Mr. Moody now commenced what might be called his introdue* tioB, though it was a very short one. He said he had received letters and telegrams from nearly all the great cities in the country, Btating that Christians were that day praying for London. He asked the congregation to spend a few minutes in silent prayer for the same ebject, and then, falling on his knees, he poured out a fervent petition—"ThouGod of Pentecost, give us Thy pentecostal blessing." Mr. Sankey followed up this remarkable prayer with his solo, " Jesus of Nazareth passeth by," the effect of which rather fell short of what it Is said to have produced elsewhere. It may be that the anger was suffering, as he certainly appeared to be, from fatigue, but at subsequent servicee the thrilling influence of the hymn has been fully apparent. The next thing on the programme was Mr. Moody's address, which had a slightly humorous prelude. A person in one of the galleries seemed to be rather excited, but his neighbours bore patiently with him under the supposition that the excite ment was legitimate and proper to the occasion. ; Mr. Moody's experienced eye detected more of the truth. Stopping in his preliminary remarks he said that if persons would come there under the influence of intoxicating liquors they must be ejected. The congregation, he added, will sing a hymn while that man is being put out. When order was ret to red Mr. Moody proceeded to expound the text, 1 Corinthians, i. 17, "For Christ sent me not te baptize, but to preach the Gospel." ME. MOODY'S PREACHING was, of course, freely commented upon by the metropolitan Press, secular as well as religious. The secular verdict has, I am bound to say, been rather more charitable and appreciative than the other. A singular misunderstanding took place at the outset with some of the religious papers which had arranged to publish full reports of Mr. Moody's addresses. On seeing the announcements to this effect, Mr. Moody caused notices to be served upon them by a solicitor. The Christian World and a kindred journal were hurt at the prohibition, and did not fail to remark that it was an unprecedented policy for a popular preacher to adopt. Mr. Moody has since shown a practical motive for his veto on reporting, as an authorized version of the addresses is being advertised. Up to the present timeonly sketches and fragments have been doled out by the descriptive reporters, who of course selected only piquancies. The Daily Nobs seems to have been pretty successful in catching the spirit of the occasion. Criticising his style, it says:—" It may be true that he is extremely diffuse, that he is unconnected, rambling, and given to repetition; that he * squanders himself,' if the expression is allowable, so that he dilutes his climax often into an anti-climax. But he is full of pith, and manifests great earnestness; he is continually saying quaint racy things, such as we are quite unaccustomed to hear from a pulpit, such as are often intensely grotesque, and not unfrequently raise an audible laugh. His manner of treatment is not by argument, far less by rhetoric, but by dint of more or less apporite illustrations. He workB by the (station of instances, which he narrates in his own phraseology, and the everrecurring Americanisms have a naivete which to an English audience has a fresh and novel effect." " GOD'S WATS HOT AS MAN'S WATS." In enforcing the theme " God's ways are not as man's ways," he made a kind of apology to the clergymen present for intruding on their domain. "Our message is the same as that of these ministers—and with us it is in weakness too, for there's hundreds of men in London can preach better nor we can. What we want is to look right straight away from man right straight up to God. If God is going to work in London He must work in His own way, and all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain. God wants to thrash that mountain. Well, He don't take up an iron bar; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world He did not warn a nation or the world, but a single man, whom the nations held in contempt and jeered at." . . . In illustrating Scripture history Mr. .Moody invites comparison with his English prototype, > Mr. Spurgeon. He goes even further in his quaintness and familiar rendering of sacred subjects. In a series of Old Testament portraits be made free with Moses, Enoch, 8amaon, and. the Archbishop of Canterbury in a manner which would not bear much repetition:— " God's way of delivering the children of Israel was different altogether from what ours would . hsve been. We'd have sent an army, or if we'd been gong to send a .angle man; we'd not have chosen one who'd been 40 years at the backside of the Ideaerfc But He sent a quiet, humble kind of man, one whom we'd call, I suppose, a stuttering man, and He said * tell them I AM.' That was a blank eheque which he was to fill in by-and-by with water from the rock and manna in the desert. The man whom God works with most is always considered by the world the greatest fooL Enoch wasn't a bright man to the world, but God said, 'Come up here, Jfciochf Noah was the laughing-stock of his day. Look at Joshua going tramping the walls of Jericho blowing in horns—the most absurd thing in the eyes of the world—downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English Press have to say of such a crazylike proceeding? Fancy the Archbishop of Canto-bury trapesing round London blowing horns ! He'd have had golden horns any how. Look at Sampson—how he worked with the jawbone of an ass; be slew a thousand men. We don't like to go to work with the jawbone of an ass; we'd prefer polished weapons. But if we are to be in earnest we must grab up the firstjawbone of an ass we chance on, and use -it tor God. ... Look at the seeming absurdity of a raven sent to feed the Prophet, and then the Prophet sent for food, not to palace with well-furnished tables, but te a poor widow, and she with a child." Mr. Moody followed down his illustration to modern times, declaring that the devil got his match when he got hold of John Bunyan, the Bedford tinker, and that a hundred such men as John Wesley would make the world> tremble inside of a twelvemonth. After the address Mr. Sankey sang another of his hymns—" Hold the Fort"—the benediction was pronounced, and the 17,000 people slowly filed out of the building. This is a fair type of the Agricultural Hall meetings, except that the attendance has hardly kept -up to the original level. As a rule the end of the hall is crowded but the extra galleries are sometimes not wholly required. The audience, however, seldom falls under 12,-000 or 14,000. For the Wesfeenders a midday meeting is held in Exeter Hall, which is invariably crowded. Mr. Moody is net always present, but most of the services have been conducted by him. THE SUNDAY SEE VICES at Islington are likely to prove the most striking in the mission. Last Sunday there were three <3 them—one for Christian workers in the morning, commencing at 8 o'clock; a second in the afternoon for women only; and a third at night for men only. The Christian workers mustered to the number of 8,000, and were addressed by Mr. Moody from the text " They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." The burden of his counsel was that nothing should be done for Christ from a mere sense of duty. "Some people work because they think it a duty; they go to Sunday-school, to prayer-meeting, because, as they say, it is their duty. He (Mr. Moody) had a mother in America whom he visited every year. Suppose he should say to her that he came because -it was his duty. Would die not be likely te answer him that he need not come any more! If he were to send his wife a present and say he did so because it was bis duty to do so, she would say, ' Keep it; I don't want it.' Christians must rise to a much higher point than this; they must remember that it is a glorious privilege to work for Christ." : The afternoon assembly numbered about 15,000; the rule to exclude males being rigorously enforced, though to the disappointment of many who had travelled considerable distances to attend. There seems to have been more appeal to the feelings in this than in Mr. Moody's usual -discourses. It was interlarded with anecdotes of remarkable conversions and of instances of human love, illustrating the freeneBS and fulness of the divine. The application of his theme was a threefold appeal to (1) Professed Christians—too often stumblingblocks instead of helps; here and there one of them awake, but the great bulk of them gone sound asleep; (2) Backsliders, on whom he urged the yearning of Christ to receive them again; and (3) Hie' avowedly unconverted, to whom especially, he said there were three stages to ruin —neglect, refusing, despairing--a short way to the lost world. The close of the service showed how adaptations are studied by the Evangelists. When he closed Mr. Moody had been telling the 15,000 mothers and daughters before him how a father had once been converted by dreaming of a beautiful girl he had lost, that he saw her beckoning to him from a beautiful land across a deep river. Almost abruptly he stopped and called for a moment or two of silent prayer. Presently, while all heads were bowed, the faint notes of the organ were heard, and soon Mr. Sankey was softly singing— " Come home, come home, You are weary at heart, For the way has been dark, And so lonely and wild; Oh prodigal child! Come home, oh come home." The choir took up the refrain, "Come home; come, oh, come home." At 7 o'clock the third service opened with a congregation of seventeen thousand men, several thousand more having been drafted into one of the adjoining halls. On the platform there were a good many face3 well known at St. Stephen's, Lord Cairns being conspicuous in front; and near him sat the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird. Mr. I Moody's address was a repetition of the after- noon's, and the hymns sung included "Guide ' me, thou O Great Jehovah," "The sweet hour of prayer," and "Jesus of Naza eth passeth by." j The hymns arq now household r words in London, and are on sale in almost every street. i THE PRATER ABO ENQUIBT MEETINGS. j On Sunday night a very impressive spectacle : was witnessed at the " after meeting" following the evening service. Those who did not wish to stay were allowed a short interval for leaving the hall, and those who remained—about half the audience—collected together in the area. A hymn was sung, after which " Mr. Moody rose and said that enough had been said by man for one night; he therefore called upon all present to bow their heads in silent prayer, so that while man's voice was hushed the voice of God might he heard. There was one prayer in which all could join, ' Lord, what wQt thou have me to do.' When the audience had assumed the reverent attitude required, Mr. Moody called upon those who desired the prayers of the meeting to rise to their feet and continue standing. In all parts of the hall responses were made to this appeal ofttimes repeated, and Mr. Moody audibly thanked God for thus manifesting His presence amongst them, and stud that there was joy in heaven at the sight He then asked all who wished to become Christians to go into the concert hall adjoining, where he would meet them while the meeting continued in silent prayer. Several hundreds then left their seats and adjourned to the enquiry- room, and as Mr. Moody left the platform, the hymn • 'Twas love, 'twas wondrous love,' was sung, during which a great number left, while others stayed to pray for those who were in the enquiry-room." This week an additional service in the afternoon is being held, and a new rule has been adopted' of admission by ticket. The Exeter Hall meetings continue as before. The requests for special prayer have been innumerable, and some of them, to see the least of it, are curious. Nothing has been announced yet as to the arrangements for the East-End mission, which was part of the scheme. Probably the Evangelists Intend devoting the firstfew weeks entirely to Islington, which, apart from the advantage of the Hall, is-a central position for them, and easily accessible from all parts of the metropolis. HOESE AfldBBHT.—On Sunday morning;, the 16th inst, Mr. George Cook, while saddling a horse in the yard of his house at Hackney, was kicked on the left thigh. A nasty wound was caused, necessitating the removal of the sufferer to the City HospitaL To Murrt. a. M. BieJc/tri f Sent, OhtmUU, 19, Xiudief-Btrnt, JdtlM*. Blyth- street, Hindley-rtreet, Adelaide. \- G«ntlemen—For years I suffered from t hiidi racking cough, and tried several prepintums without benefit; was advised to w your Coogh Slixii •p 1 though sceptical as to its Mug able to 4o me any 'good); purchased a bottle ef it fin two ahUUnga, and aai thankful to aay, after taking a audi quantity, ft* o6ugh left me. I wish it was mora extensively known, as I «*aci£er It an*iavalaabl« prep*r»ti»n_ ana being palatable, (ddtdma^Ww it readily.—I remain years voy truly, 2 (BigMd) J, G, COTU* 