THE TREASURER. Tho Hon. William Forster was born at Madras, in 1818; and carno to Australia when he was about eleven yeats of ago. Like many of our public men, ho was a pupil of Mr. T. W. Capo. At an oarly age ho entered into squatting pursuits. J»hile so occupied he did not neglect literature. About the time that Mr. Robertson was acting as tho dele<jato °' tho squattors, and appealing to the Governor for re cess, Mr. Forster wrote a satire having tho samo end ta view, which ho published in tho Atlas newspaper, °ader tho title of " The Devil and tho Governor." Ho displayed- in this piece his power of using stinging Joros. Mr. Forster also wroto a satire entitled Tho Genius and the Ghost"-a dialogue between tho pnius of Sydney and thc ghost of transportation. Dav tag tho Crimean War he wroto asuiuiot in moro solemn 8trami on national grandeur and decay. ^.a* his genius for satire has beon more allied with tue logic and cloquenco or publie orations, than with we art of versification, in which ho has shown that ho wald oxool. Shortly after the introduction of Rua ?".?lbl° Government, Mr. Forstor made himself known ilT 1,ea°.nl° °î this country ns a loader iu parliamcn V io°nJ,a' Ho has at different times represented ijMtSydnoy.St. Leonards, tho Hastings, Queanbeyan, yawarra, and Murrumbidgee. From the time of his "f ?{T{5 Parliament. Mr. Forster was a leen critic Adm' «?wper Administration. Agreeing with that theil!Írat*oa i" political piiuoiples, ho was evov on »tart to doteot inconsistency in their practices. When the Education question came on, tho Denomi- ' national tendencies of Mr. Cowper's scheme offered nn opportunity for attnck. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. Ha associated with himself Mr. John Black (as Minister of Lands),|Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eagar (as Minister of Works), Mr. E. Wise, afterwards Judge of the Supreme Court (as Attorney-General), and Mr. J. F. Hargrave, now Mr. Justice Hargrave, (as Solicitor General). This Ministry was defeated on their Upper Houso Electoral Bill, and retired in March 1S60. Mr. Forster has not since that time been at tho head of an Administration ; although tho opportunity of taking that position was offeredfjto him in May, 1872, when tho Martin Ministry was defeated on the Border Duties question. Ho was Colonial Secretary in Mr. Martin's hrst Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Robert son's second Ministry. Ho has now for tho first timo undertaken tho duties of Finance Minister. Hitherto, Mr. Forster's talents have been chiefly displayed in Opposition. In tho strength and culture of his logical powers he is foremost in our Parliament. 