WHITEMORE , (From a Correspondent.) According to announcement, Messrs. Tyson Bnd Bayley, with several young folks, appeared before a crowded house last night, and were greeted with loud applause. Mr Tyson called upon Mr A Hingston to take the chair, but that gentleman kept his seat, as he considered that our visitors were competent to manage the business of the evening. Mr Tyson caid he felt great diffidence in appearing before a country audience, as he was extremely shy. He did not like the wording of the advertisement, as it did not state the object of the entertainment. He thought the juice of admission rather high, but attnbuted that to the poorness of the times, which, by the way, reminded him of a certain barber who always charged more when wheat was low, because the farmers pulled such long faces, that he had twice as much ground to go over. Some good jokes were cracked, when Mr Tyson introduced two lassies, who sang a piece very nicely, Mr Bayley presiding at the organ, -which yielded in obedience to his masterly touch its sweetest strains. Master Tyson then recited "My Friend Ned" very creditably. We soon found that Mr Tyson was an adept at sleight of hand tricks,for borrowing a " bell-topper" he, to all appearance mercilessly pushed his finger clean through the crown, to the no small amusement of the lookers-on. This he did twice, but dosisted as " the hats have holes in them." A young lady was then invited to cut two florins out of a pocket handkerchief, which seemed to be folded over them, and Miss Walker received e nice present for'so doing. We were thoroughly bamboozled by this little affair. Then, to try the warmth of our " fair friends " affections, a glass tube containing water was placed in Miss L. Girle's hand, when it began almost immediately to boil. As her love was found to be true she was rewarded, though somewhat disap- pointed at first, for when extending her hand to take the prize behold there was nothing ; but Mr Tyson bringing a curl gently forward extracted a neat little casket therefrom. The trick with the cigar case " knocked us into a mish." Our nocturnal luminaries were suddenly eclipsed by a very bright light exhibited upon the platform. Our young friends again came forward and sang " Scatter seeds of kindness," accompanied by the organ. Master Tyson gave another recitation, which was much applauded. Wit, wisdom, and sage advice, given in Mr Tyson's own style, followed, and his mimicry of the drunken carman snuffing the candle was well received. The audience were pleased to learn from Master Tyson that with •'Humphrey Dunn it mattered not whether he had money or none," and a waggisu young fellow thought that the Scotch minis ter s first kiss might have occurred long before it ne had not been a "diy sort." Our what-next anticipations were gratified with Mr Tyson s song, ; " Joe Perkins." The ghost in the bottle caused | some merriment, and the picture representing winter, which, when heated, showed the ncii foliage of spring and summer, was looked upon i with admiration. ,, , „„„. j To narrate aU particulars would be to pre i sume upon your patience, and occupy too muc" i of your valuable columns, Mr Editor_ but I please allow me to state scenes most rtocfcmp ™ I oursensitivenerve8wereperpetrated,foi arte™ j programme had terminated with the singing oil '' Good Night" by our young friends, and votes» of thanks were passed and responded ™, ™ l Tyson introduced his galvanic something, anuj invited any one to try it. One rented mml to "draw it mild," and then took hold of tue • fatal bar, and to the infinite amusementoitw • spectators stuck up his back like an enrageaj tom. More followed, and then were yells and sighs, some prostrating tbcmse"| • upon the stafe. And, Sir, the people laugbedj Some ladies stepped forward aund cheers, an j then, but not tili then, did I discover_ that »r« Tyson had any fine feelings. Another sons» wis called for, and then our protracted »» | interesting meeting closed. 1 Nov. 20. I A NEW CLAIM recently prospected atl Mount Cameron is said to' be nchertnau» any yet discovered there. " j samples from it were brought to 1 day or two since by Mr John M Alpine,! one of the fortunate four wl» foil and who has been prospecting there i J the last month. The claim_ ifl on Mouna Cameron, six miles west of the Enterpr«| claim ; the washdirt is over four tew j depth, and commences withrna i | the surface. The tin is tolerably coars j and is said to go several pounds weigut <| the dish of wasbdirt. , . b re| THE COURT HOUSE IS about to. W | colored and repainted under theaupęnj tendence of tbe PublicWorks departmem| and not before refluired. I 