MISCELLANEOUS. ? ^ SKATING.— The Border Watch of May 1 says that a meeting of gentlemen willing to assist in the formation of a skating rink at Mount Ganibier has bi'sen arranged for. The Watch adds that the movement is in good hands, and their is a fair prospect of success fully starting the Club. . It is proposed to use the Institute Hall for the purpose of skating. The Soutltern Cross's reporter^ fell asleep during the bankruptcy sitting of tab Supreme Court at Auckland, and ?was locked in, and wo'-e when it . vras getting dark. He scrambled on to the roof, thre# sixpence to some children to get another reporter who ?Hvprl near, and ultimately the keeper of the building was brought and liberated the dis mayed Bohemian. A Man named Fagpy, a widower with three children, recently took to the altar a second Wiishing bride, whose nuptials were no sooner per formed than thfi husband was arrested for forgery, and yesterday at the Sessions he was 5,entencpd to six months's imprisonment. The man's three children were subsequently negleeted, and the pewly made M rs. Pagey .was to-day summoned for their maintenance. She made an ad misericordiam appeal to the bench, who sent the youngsters forthwith to the Industrial School. The Dunedin Evening Star says: — 'A lover of gpol whisky was asked by a lady in ihe district a few days ago to join the Good Templars, when lie gave the following phil anthrophic reason for not joining the society : ___«- Wpo! mxr trnir? vnman tfir-i-o so a nnmluii of chields in Lawrence wha pay the Govern ment £20 a year for the richt to sell whisky, and I .am bound to gie them my custom, .else they might na' bo able to pay iheir license fees.* ?*?* 'The Madness ov Remobse.' gays the Geelong Evening News, ' that follows crime is fearfully shown in a case reported by our Colac reporter. A man and his wife went to bed drunk, and in their state of bestial heaviness one or other of them laid upon ncd smothered their infant of nine months old. On awakening next morning, and find ing his child dead, the man seemed to be bereft of his senses. First, in his frenzy, he is said to have swallowed nearly a quart of kerosine, and then, urged by the terrible sufferings he endured, endeavored to throw himself into a tank of scalding water. He has been placed into custody, as also the drunken mother. A eemaefable instance of what can be clone with the bicycle was recent' y exem plified in England. A match had been n ale be! ween Mr. Stanton and Keen, the champion rider, to run 105 miles, the former to receive a start of half an ?hour. Stanton's machine had a driving wheel of 58 inches in diaireter, that of Keen's 4 inches less. Keen accomplished 50 miles in the extraordinary time of three hours 14 minutes 18 seconds, but was compelled to retire in the 91st mile, leaving Stanton to finish the 106 miles alone, which he did in 1 minute 5k seconds less than 8 hours — an average of over 13 miles an hour, inclusive of a few short stoppages for refreshments, &c.; The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star says : — -f Instances of ^ross brutality on the part of parents* to their .children are not of very frequent occurrence -here, but when they do occnr they are par ticularly revolting. Some time since a woman dashed her infant down upon the .pavement, and with a curse hoped it would die. Another woman named Ackerman, about .the same time was committed for trial, but discharged ijy'a^Jury,. for similarly causing the death of her child. To-day the same woman was brought up for imperilling the -life of her -remaining -infant by*7yfKg clown drunk withitin agntter. Ordered by the Bench to find securities for her good be haviour, which were of ^course not forthcom ing, the worthless creOTtirewent to gaol in Ae&ult.; V * - Djkpo8al of the Dead. — The Paris cor respondent of the Buenos Ayres Standard gives the following:; — The new mode of burial — not of burning — but of placing the deceased in a Portland cement trough and surrounding the remains with liquid Roman cement — is hot objected m by the authorities. These blocks, if uniformly made, could be employed as building materials, so that ' ma sons and bricklayers would be the sextons of the futnre/ Individuals have been born in * stone jugs ;' there is no Teason why they . ought not to be buried therein. Post-mortem examination would have to be made with ; frame saws, cold chisels, and tiny Nasmyth hammers. A pebsojt named Moulton, styling himself the 'Lightning Calculator,', has been ex hibiting his talent in the streets in various parts of Sydney for the last few nights. He is an American, and is a perfect genius at figures, ffe carries with him a black board and torch. Give him any number of flares to add, multiply, or divide, and lie will dot down the product in an instant — in fact he does the same with any rule in arithmetic. He will do a sum iu six figures which takes 60 by the ordinary method. Give him the dav of tha month, and the vear vou were born in and instantly he will tell you the day of the week, and the number of hours you have lived. Some of bis calculations are most extraordinary, while ©thers are very amusing and puzzling. He carries with him a number of books for sale, which contain all information as to his method of calculating. Scene in the Colac Police Court. — At this stage of the proceedings ; (writes a reporter of the late Strickland trial in the . Colac Police Court), the monotony of the court was broken in upon by Mr. Were whispering to somebody standing by, that Hail's evidence was false. Mr. Hall from the witness-box — ' You're a liar, sir.' Mr. Moles worth here interposed, and said that a constable ought not to be allowed to call a geitleman a liar in the open court. Mr. Harwood — ' Were called Hall a liar first.' Mr. MbtesworJh, addressing the beneh — ' If Hall had called me a liar, your Worships, I would have knocked nun aown, eveu m your presence.' Hall, from the witness-box — ' And if I had been near Mr. Were when he called me a liar, I would also have knocked him down.' Mr. Panton severely reprimanded Constable Hall, saying he had acted in a most unbecoming manner, and that he would report him to his superior officers. It was then decided to remand the case for a month, Strickland's own recognisance being con sidered sufficient bail. — Ballarat Star. A Shameful but rather ludicrous outrage was committed at the Morey Company's claim at Argyle on Wednesday last. The local correspondent of the Star reports that ' a miner working in that claim, named Browser, is the owner of a very nice horse. On coming off shift in the morning, and looking towards where the horse should be, he discovered a curious kind of animal, which presented more the appearance of a pig than au2;ht else. On going up to the beast he failed to recognise it, until he examined its hoofs, and it having been newly shod, he found it was liis own oeiovea Jiosmante, with the whole of the mane cut off and its -ail shaved, and sticking up like the spanker boom of a ship, arid two broad arrows clipped out on each rump. The matter is in the hands of the police, and a clua has been obtained as to the perpetrators of the das tardly act. A Gentleman who has recently paid a visit to Cooper's Creek supplies the Sydney Even ing News with -an account of his wanderings. In his report the following occurs : — ' An old gin whom I spoke to recollected the ex plorers, and helped to corer Burke's body wifch bushes after his death. She also affirmed that Burke had not died of starva tion, but had beeu shot by ''nother one whitefellow.* This is a somewhat startling statement, and a rather different version of affairs to what is commonly believed. The gin could scarcely have invented such a story, find persisted in saying that she had actually seen a whifcefellow. who answers in every way to the description of King, come behind Burke when he was stooping at the fire roast ing a duck, and shoot him in the side. After the lapse of all these years, and the death of King, against whom this fearful charge is brought, it might be considered advisable to let the matter rest ; but now that the country is bftine quickly settled in the neighborhood, the traditions of -he blacks will become better known to white men, and this subject will therefore, sooner or later, be mooted. And it is right that King's character should be cleared from so foul a blot, if there is no foundation for the report; while, on the other hand, if true, no one could b© accused reasonably of exposing? the perpetration of so dastardly a crime. It will, no doubt, be in tlia itann])antinn /iponmo that T^inor aftdr IllQ return to Melbourne, told the Expedition Committee that there was some secret, in con npct\on with the expedition that he would not divulge while living. There was some mystery to conceal at all events, and I have not heard that it was cleared up after King's death, which took place a year or two ago. It was th-»n generally supposed that King's secret was connected with Gray's death on the return journey from Carpentaria, and who was said to have ; been so ill- used by Burke as to causa his death. Wills, however, fully exonprated his chief from this imputation, but it was notorious that both King and Qrav had not very kindly feelings towards Burke, on account of the latter being very st^cf; w th them on the journey.' Talk on 'Change. — ' Before the late rains a squat tint; friend told me that in many places feed was so acaree that trees were being cut down for the sake of the foliage, to keep the stock alive. I was carious to know whether this was usual. He told me that it had occurred before ; in fact, toat the neighboring farmers used to come into his paddocks and cut down his trees for their stock. I complimented him on his good nature in| 'thus helping his neighbors when he must kave been himself in want of feed. ' Well, you see,' said he, ' my sheep %ot the biggest share, and I was saved Jhe felling ' — which was candid anyhow. — It was clearly explained to me' the other day how an exem plary young man — a temperate person, although not a total abstainer — became a tippler. He conceived a sincere affection for a young person who dispensed intoxicating fluids — and glances— from behind the bar of ?a popular hotel. The moment his daily business^ was over, that young man repaired to the fascinating bar. Unfortunately for him, the lanilord of the hotel has an especial, and not unnatural, aversion to persons who liang around Ms bars without drinking. Every time that the host name in .sight, the infatuated youth ordered a fresh drink as a pretext for remaining. After three hours he was just about able ,to find bis .way home. He married the woman of bis choice, but has never been able to entirely shake off habits contracted during Ms courtship, owing to the vigilance of a business-minded landlord. — During the excursion to the coal-fields of Victoria, a stout old gentleman, who calls his church a synagogue, stumbled and fell at a steep and dangerous place. He slid some distance — bis downward career being cheeked by some natural obstacle preventing^ he going 150ft. further — perpendicular. One of the party, at some personal risk, jumped after his receding form and wildly grasped his coat tails. But instead of a gqsh of gratitude, his ardour was chilled by being requested to * be careful, young man, of my coat. Don't pull the skirt off. It costjme £3 10s. last week.' — I had thought that all the fun that could possibly have been ex tracted out*of the town clerk's -waste of water had long since evaporated. That isn't so. Here is the latest version of the matter, from the ilokitika JBveyiwg Star of 13th April : — ? Mr. Fitzgibbon, the Town Clerk of Mel bourne, has been brought before the Police Court, and fined for washing in the Tan Yean water.' — ' JEgles,' Australasia]}. Under t&e; Verandah. — -'If we don't take care we will have the Spiritists declaring that their consciences are interfered with by the administration of justice, as the Gatholies are oppressed by the Education Act. IJp in Kyneton the other day a man sought to shield himself with ghosts from paying a small debt for which he was summoned. He IUUIL jA lliXl]Ll±WU. JJMJUOC7 UlQb IfllC 1OUULULU couldn't let to materialistic tenants, and he burned a heap of firewood that he found on the premises. When he was asked for pay ment he scouted the idea. The wood was the property of the ghosts, with whom he shared the bouse, and ho burned it as much for them as for himself. This was his de fence ; and, in the face of it, the bench made an order for the amount claimed and costs. It is quite clear jthafc the conscience of the defendant was oppressed. The Spiritists should elect an archbishop, or at least a dean, to let the world know what they suffer. — Judge Stephen, at the Assize Couit at Dubbo last week, had to request the jury ' to leave off munching apples and listen to him.' But that disrespect was not so bad as a juryman showed to a Supreme Court judge in this colony not very long ago. When his Honor commenced his charge, the foreman of the jury, on whom he had fixed his eyes, calmly and deliberately, in view of the whole court, winked at him. The judge tried not to notice the insult, and toned his eyes away to the other members of the jury. But it was in vain, there was a horrible fascination about the foreman that compelled him to meet his glance, and every time he looked he was winking and making faces. The audible titters in the court at last forced him to vin dicale the dignity of his position. 'If you are not more respectful, Sir,' said he, ' I will commit you for contempt.' The fore man winked at this so absurdly that even the prisoner in the dock burst out laughing. ' Your conduct is disgraceful, Sir,' said the judge. ' I will adjourn the court for twenty four hours, and send you to gaol for that time.' The unfortunate juryman just spoke in time to save himself. He was subject to a nervous complaint, which, whenever he became excited, manifested itself in these facial contortions. His very anxiety to follow the judge made him wink, and he had not the slightest idea of disrespeet. His Honor brought his charge to an untimely conclusion, I aim me suclui rcucivcu iM5Liu.i;i.i(jus never to summon the winker again.-rTennyson says that— ' Evil's oft wrought by want of thought As well as by want of 'heart ; ' but a cleYer railway official has lateljfcshowa that evil may likewise be wrought by taking too much thought. A gentleman was send ing some fragile property in a box fy train, and he impressed on the clerk la the booking office the necessity of putting on the label, ' This side up— with care.' When the box arrive! at its destination it3 contents were found ^ to be in a state of smash, and an investigation proved that the damage was caused by an excess of zeal on the part of the booking clerk. To make assurance doubly sure, he had not only put one label on the top of tho box. but had. stuck another on the bottom.'—' Atticus,' Leader Suicide. — Late on Sunday night* Henry Lemm, farmer, Blyth Plains, got out of bed and said to his wife that ' if he had good luck she would not see him again.' He immedi ately left the house, when the wife informed her son o£ the fact, who at once went in searoh of his father, but without success. The next moraing he resumed the search, when he found his father hanging by the neck to a maliee trae, quite dead. The Auburn police were made acquainted with the circumstance, and an inquest was held on the body on Tues day, the particulars of which have not reached u-?. We are informed that tho deceased was in company on Sunday with a man named Eenton, and that they had some drink. We are also informed that th« deceased had at tempted suicide on two former occasions. ? Northern Argus. Kebosine is very frequently applied to burns. At an inquest at Casterton, the Olunes Guardian says — « Dr. Charles Smith, formerly of Olunes Hospital, was asked by the coroner whether kerosine was a good remedy for burns ? Dr. Smith stated that he had known Beveral patients die, who might have recovered from their burns had it not been for the application or Kerosine. In no case, he said, should kerosine be used.' A funeral in 1688, from an old Parish Register .— ? For washing James Laurance, Is. A cofon, 5s. : For tho halps that laid him forth, 2s. 6d. For the bayes to wrap him withall, 2s. 6d. Ppr giving in the affidavit, Is. For ye bearera and for beer, 4s. For the ofis (service^ reading, Is, King's duty, 4s. In all 21s. 8d. Collections were often made after death to defray expenses- The affidavit certified that the bo3y was encased in a woollen shroud, to encourage the use of the material. ' The king's duty ' we commend to the Treasurer if hard up for a new tax. ; Hor.&owAY;'s OnraiENT and Pills.— Inflam- mations of sensitive parts, piles, fistulas, and such like painful diseasea, may, without con sulting any one, be presently relieved and ultimately cured by the proper and diligent use of this cooling and healing, Ointment, whose action should, in such cases be assisted by judicious doses of Holloway'a Pills. Ere many days have elapsed the anxious patient will experience a wonderful degree of ease from this treatment. DouBts and fears will soon disappear, and the sufferer will bjess the day on which he first applied these J-em-?dies, iThey are equally suitable to both sexes, all ages, and any climate ; nor is their efficiency impaired by long keeping. Their action on the frame is soothing, safe, and certain. . We are again desired by H. LluirJbead Watchmaker and Goldsmith, of Adelaide, to say that having imported surveying- and scientific Instruments to the Government for twenty-two years, that he has just imported a fine class of Gold and Silver Watches ; strong Patent Lever Watches from JE5 JOs, to .£9 9s., which will give the wearer good satisfaction. The new stock of Ladies Gold Watches, also Gold Brooches, Earrings, and Neckletts are of a very handsome style, and moderate in price. Observe— Corner of Hindley and Kinj. William streets. - ..-... 