CRICKET-NORTH 7. SOUTIH. TuIAD 0ONTEST POR Taei CiALLENOE CUOP, i BendDay, Tuesday, March 30. Tlio~eocond day's 'play of this match was favored'with beautiful weather, and although the attendance did not nearly reach that on MIonday, a good numbor wero .present among whom was a fair sprinkling of ladios. Tihe various changes which the match assumed during its pro gross made it impossible to speculate as to 'which team were likely, to become posossors of the Cup. When for instance I the South compleed their first intnirng for a totalof 212 runs it was gneorally beliieved that;the North] woould be nnablo 'tocomeinear sulchi large score,'and that should,only averdi~o success attoend, the Southeornors ii' their second innings, the I troiphy. omust again go "down South,." But wienthis great scor, was toppd by t nearly. 0 ?runs by the North'ernors"i otheiretstinni.ngs opinions 'ehangd 'in favor of the loa team, only' howver to i gaimn; leait. to the. "visitig cloven, en,n,thoirn second?d' innings up wards. 'of,.,, 60 ?mes '"woro "ob-t tanmed., booro a singleo. wicket fell. a At ,,,this,,.'jincturs, : it' "must "' be I adiiittod that the caheomes .of a victoey worein favor.of thle Southif timo 'would t peietit thi'g?aiieo being played out; bnt' I as bnly?'e' few, hdurs were loft to ansi;' 1 ine 'tle'gamo;' any other terminatibo e aht that of a draw appeared imposesible a Such ' :an uiatisfactoryi result waye,'how." evyr,'inv'arted oand through. theo.suden . collopse'of the South's second innings our mon have succeeded in achieving a vicotory, P by'nine' wickets; although it is probable gouthliern tenidMossr G. Davies and E.: Wltltaoides, who had toproeed to dHobart .; Town "-thel; previous evening - beoon in. their places, the game would haveanded . in a draw. The play on the whole was a great improvainent to'that of the' previous n day, the battinfg of the brothers Butler for the South, and ,'. Arthur, W. Martin, .i and Bailey for the North, being atroat to. n witness ; whilst the '.bowlinp of .-Pike,' Bayly, and, Butler of the visitihg team, nd Hogg for the local men;--was really i good; and the fielding on both sides was d miibli'botter;3'-:In our'.report of the first t day'"p;play w:o;ementioncd it had .been I stated to us that in consequence of several of- the' Soithinteaiicmi: originally' chosen being unable to play i the present match a would-not be played as a cup.match.. On' Snqqidringw e fouid 'this 'to bo incorrect, and'tho'cip: is' now in possassion of the Liuneoeton Cricket Club Committee. We ?o?'proceed to deseribe ,- r. .. f.. ::" ', . . ' TIE PLA?': ,.'.., l C Iit wvill ho'iBenembored. that when the stumps were.drawn on the previous day the Soutl hld completad their firetinninge for a-total of. 212A ruie, and that the , Northerners had-lost four wickeot?'for 141' y rures, J, :Arthur 08, and Hogg ,;being tihe nut-out men. . At halflpant toe these tio'"batsmens resumscd their places at 'thl wiolieta' Messrs Wr. Cempbell:of Hobart Town, ant H. Smith of the Midland dis trict, fieldad 'as 'sibhtitutes for G. Davies inid'E:Wlhitesideb's." Pikeeand . oButler commenced ithe bowling.1. Runs .came frpm the first; and 150 was soon viewed, iuickly followed by' 160' and 1170,':.al though changes in.the bowling wore mnade, Bayley 'and Walker eaci assisting. "' 'A hbupor mdro, however, and Ihgg is bowled I by n jewel of a ball fromd Bayly. Tele graph 5-1--172. Baylcs having joined rtlurt- ffe latter, got tlhreo for an' off drive fromiBayly, adding, a single the I same over. Three singles wore scored; off the two following 'avers, onoe by the now comer.- Arthur then got three- off theslows for an off drive, adding a singloe' off Bayly byo a very pretty drive, Bayles almo contributing'a single the same over., Another couple to Arthur'off Walker is 'registeored, and Bayly' then bowls a oaiden. ' Walker is prevented from fil lowing suit by Arthur driving hrim to tho off. for .thro, A single. to Arthur off layly 'aid' a'. lusty cheer from the mom brs'pailion anno uncos tlat this renowned batsman has entered' into' three figure scoring. "TllioBecoro goas on increasing, and Arthur by an off drive briegs 200 on thubo"lard; just before which, hewovor' lie is eeni to give Whitaeidso a chance at point off the slows, boing the first he has given since that in' tim first over he reI celved. "" The'bowling'now improves for i tlbe'riot fetrovere, 'Baylybeieg'particu larly on the spot; but four singlen having been scored off Walker's next, causedhim r tp again resig} tlhe ball.to Pike, from whose first over a siingle onlywas obtained: At this, stags.Artlhurnreceived"' sevors blow on the loe, whic? necessitated Martin running for hlm. ' Bayles is now seen to 8 pt' one very mildly up to Walker at mid- I off, and the sonorous voice' of Mr Goodall I announces -11--214. Barrett was next, and,'a bye 'having ben :scored,'a sharp :how's that 1'from Bayly, brought fortne a, verdict of I' out" from Mr Sidebottom, not' -before ,his appeal to.:the batsman, however, as to where the ball'struck him, who in-tho spirit of a tree cricketer indi satod the spot which justified tthe decision. W. Martin appeared at the vacant crease, and, leaving obtained is first single off Bayly, immediatelyput Pike to leg for a quartette, following with a drive to field on for throe in the same "over. ' Three byes wore then run. The .play now be camae very lively, both batsmen making themselves very familiarwiti til howling, but just' as 'tfe boy has 'finished putting up 231 Arthur's wicket is soon' to: fall prone to a medium- paced ball from Pike: Arthr played.a mseagnificent innings, Iis stay at the wickets, including that on.the previous day.beiag just four and a half hours, and in gettinghis large scorm of 117 he displayed hoxemplary patience, while his judgment in run gettieng never once terred, and we believe he is the first who has scored thren figures in' a North and South match, :Atkinson was Arthur's successor. '"atr thme "'wicket, and 'his first " attempt' at 'scoring' . was a singl to lag, Freeman showing a "very neat pieco if flding, and Martin in the same over.eent his' comrades? into ecstaoclses of delight by making a'grad hit to leg frfive,: Atkinson contributin a couele, making eight off o the over. Pke wouldn't risk a' repetition of such treat ment, and consequently retired in favor of W?lker. A few more runs were scered when Atkinson .'nreived- his. pavilion ticket, having .put :one .up over point's head, where' Walker 'secured it-9--2- 249th Thoe end rwas pnot far distant, as after an addition of eigtht.more runas, Collins, the lastmbie, is disposed of by Walker by a really good catch at tdrd man. And the eboard shows 10-1-2 7, the colt carrying his bat for 24,' got in a manner which fully justified the action of the committee in plcing him in the team. It being nnw oen o'clock both teams adjourned to lunch ; soon after which the brothers Butler emerged from the pa vilion, padded and-gloved to commence the escond' innings of the Southerners. In tihe absence or.Bailey, who through business engagements was unable to put in an appearance until the inning was concluded, Dr Maddox fielded as his sub stitute. B. I. Butler faced Ho? who both batemen,, seored rapidly; big hits followed in rapid succession, and the scorers aindtelegraph boys hadil most lively time of.it. The first ton eas brought up by B. H. Butler driving the ballh cen over the aenge between the twe' pavilloris-a splendid llht,-and for which hie Was credited with six 20 and then 30 qui?kly followed. T. Barrott is thcen tried with slows. From the fourth ball I 0\. VW. Butler gave what looked like -a chsnco to Arthur at theo.wicket, and tile over only yielded two elngles: Atkinson, at this stage, is also promoted to the ,reose. 0. got two brace to the "log and bffroespoctively, and E. H. three for a ball well layod'to log. " They're scoring like old ' boots" was the not very, classical reply of:a jubilant Southerner to tich query of a now comer, and the said now comer very soon had-l ocular demon, stration as.to the fast manner'in which t the runs were being-'obtained; for in Bar. rett's next over E. Butler scored a couple to log, adding a single the next ball ; 0. Butler also contributing three to the off, while E;'W.sfinisheld the over with i hit I that caused, a'-oomiplote. furori,in tthe I pavilion, bbineg 'on'for seven, the ball travelling right up to' the western on. 1 trance, and taking-,tlirie men to throw it c up. ''ecrily this: wae:hitting with a von geance,'.. The game' goes merrily on for the Southerrioes,' and the ovial rubicund 1 counMnances of the arctics of lhalf.an hour ago are, now soon to change into I ivmag?? of importurbabl"ravit ; bit they are' coiisidorably"i'lived when ' Hogg shortly after disarranges the equil-. librium of E;Butldr's wickeit, and the c scorers are heard to- say 1-30-58, and I are still more pleased when' Freeman, in r running a third runt for-an off drive by t -utler, stops between the wickets to take I an observation, -while . Arthur. quietly n pulls' a stump out -of the ground. The v skipper doo ,very little behotter than Ij raao. cnge ?lce??e-i', urf l4es by Arccur a?r a wickets,, and ..tho, board. .now shows S a loss'- of - threoo wickets "for.- 64 1 runsi. 'Mordrries, the-'. topli'> scorer, t of-thei South on the previdousday now I now'joinoi Bitler, and very soon geota s couple, one being by, an 'overthrow. r Atkinson for a 'cliange nowr bowls at milden, and Hogg'at last manages to dis- k pose of Butler by making an easy catch f oft.his own bowling.- - A change was I tindeed come "o'er "the spirit of the dream," as.hree of,the best bats of the t team are thus summarily seait to the c pavilion while just nine runs are being b added to the score. - T. Whitesides joined p Morries, but'stayed but a very brief time,' I as in attempting a short run the batsmen hesltated;'arid the:result was -the.last a comer hadto returnto to the pavilion with I the "'detestable duck," against his name, i tolograph, 5-0-07. Pike came, next, p arid a feiv singles, having been.scored, le t obtained a trio, for a good off. drive, a M~orriss also adding three for a leg hit, but a separation shortly after takes placet 'as Hogg just skims the bailsoff Morris's - ;wickot with a ball that broke in from the t log, and the scorers aro,ouce more. heard h to say 0-8-78. C. Davies, the next - man : imediately commended scoring by t contributing .a couple of twos to leg off i Hogg. Atkinson having bowled a maiden, :Daviee. is again busy with t Hogg, getting a couple and a single .off t him, Pike likewise adding a couple, Runs came steadily, but juset, as 00 is a going up, Pike;:returns to, tld pavilion, v caving, through a smart piece of fielding e by Fergsoii been run out. ', Bayly was , now Davies's confrere. His first scoring I was a couple in the slips off Atkinson, I following with a really good hit to leg for c four from the next ball, and then sent at roaular hot one back to the bowler, which I Atkinson made an excellent attempt to I hold; but could iot. The let-off, how- 1 over, was of no advantage to the batsman 1 as he immediately after put one up to the I wickets. which Arthur held, and as' J. Davies and E. Whitesides were non es, r the innings was brought to a close for a r total of 97, which left the Northeners 53 to get to win, to set about obtaining " which Arthur immediately sent Bailey and W.Martinthe not out man of the pre vious innings to the wickets. Both 's batsmon settled down at once, and although the runs did not come' fast they camne surely, the colt playing "like a book,"- while Bailey never allowed a ghost of a chance to score pass.? Within three of the required number were obtained when Martin put one up very mildly to point, which Free - man did not refuse, and C. Arthur' had to.go to thIp wickets to win the three runs required. 'Freeman then bowled a wide, and three byes wore' immediately after lcored, and" amidst- deafening cheers all round the ground the Northerners were proclaimed the victors by nine wickets. -'Annexed areothe complete scorea : 'First Innings.. SWV1itosldes, 112111211132, b HRoggc .:. 1 E. H. Butler, 242, oW. Martin, b ail.. 8 . Freemnn, 111111113112122221UlL234, 1 o Atkiniad; b Baile - - 40 1 . II. W.kTer,? 'b Bayles o .. . 2... T Whitesides o Bayle bi HoggI .. 0 J. Morrise"' 2113133II{I1323413141112431.1 A a. 1V. Butler, 2111123233231231341113, e. SAtkinson b boe .. . ..47 .Pike, :l1dll131111 21 2 bAtkl1so1... 1 ... 16 . E: Davies, 411121 b ?ailey.-' 10 . Davies, Atkinson, b Bailey . ' ... 0 IL V. Bayley, 6, not out .. ... '5 \- .Byes 9, leg-bys 2, no- balls 2 .... .. 13 212 'BOwclso AAcYveIS.-T. IIogg bowled 144 1 balls, 66 runs 2 smaidens, 2 nobnlls, 4 wickets ; 1A Baiioy.78 balls,' 44 runa,2 msdons,4 wickets; T.'Atkinson 54 balls 21 runs, 3 maidens, 1 wicket i J. Bayles 42 balls, 21 runs, 1 wiket ; J. Arthur 42 balls, 22 una ; T. Barrott 24 balls, 22 uns.: ' -2 .. . First Innings. J. Arthur. 1321111,1243321112131114134 \- '. ll.U122113123I2122122311l112312121 . 1111132 b. I'ik .?. ... 117 3.M Irrtin, 1s1211331111 112101,e G.Davies : SbPloke: -. ;; ..... 20 G. Bailey, 3131, o E . I Butler, b Pike .... 8 O. Artlhur, 221212311223 b Pike . .. 22 J.Ferguaon, 113 oO. Davies b'Piko ... 5 T. Hogg, 3131111221, r ayly b ... ... 15 J. Bayes, 11111111111, o Walker, b Pike... 11 T. Barrett, lbw, b Dayly ... ..... ... 1 0 V. Mlartin, 143119111123, not out ... ... 24 T. Atkinson, 12221, , Walker., b Bayly... 10 V. A. Collins, 1, e Walker, b Bayley , ... 1 SDyes 10, log bye 1, wide 1 ... 18 " - 257 212 balls, S6 runs, 8 mniden?, 4 wicket;E .I utlcer 102 .blls, 45 runs, 0 msidealeos; IV. WVelker 102 balls, 44 runs, 2 mhlenas k; C: Pike 180 balls, 73 runm,.0 maidens --.0wickets;:E Freoemn 21 ball, 11 rune, Imallen, 1 wide.: Second Irnieg. E- I". utler. 13101312-32173, b Hogg ...-. C. . -Butler, 1212i3411321,· snd b: E Freemnn, 2, run out 2 tY. It Walker, 1212e J. Aithiur, b Hogge.... 4 ,. Morris, 211131, bI log'... . T. hYLteaides, run out . . C. Pike, 111, roun out .., :- . 7.I ... 7 C. 2. Devie, 222121, not out .... .. 10 E l V.yly, 9. kaJ.Arthur, b Atkinson 1 1 First inongi ...... ... 212 COned ltotal ..........309 Bowiwcno AALrvLs.--T. Hoge bowled' 90 balls 41 runs, 3 maIdens, 4 w'orka ; T. Atbin sea, 05 balls. 41 run,, 3 mokdeu, I wicket; F. Barrett, 12 balls, 12 rnes. - \- -O-TIL : - - - Second Inningl s. 11\. Bsrley, 211111111°2134, not ont ; ...' 20 Vt. Martis, 2211241,c Freemcas,'b eByly ... O.Arthur, not e .t. :. ... 1 Byes 13, widel.. -. 1. First Iong , ;.....;. ,,.-257 50wstto 1 ANArsob.ve-v:'Dayly. bowled 48 balld, lOruns, 1 malden, wide. 1. wisLket; C. Pikde, 0 balls, 4 rune i?. Ilutler, 24 balls, 11 runs; LF l reeman 12 balls O8 reuss 1 wits' Upon ties cncluaslon of the matel mostof the members of both teams adjourned tto thei Olub's dihingreom whena Mr.Doug t1ss; the prdsldent of the 'L,.U., in a few remarks in which he spoke of theo e?cal lenho of the bowling, proposed the health of tlo Southern team coupled with the naino of their Captain, Mr Walker. The' teoat' having' boon' drunk 'with muoch' enthusiasm ?and;:chorus ' ?'?Jolly. QoodFellows," MrWalkor said he thanked them sineeroly for the reception they had aienT to'hiis team and the cordial manner. in whicli' the' toast' of their: health' had been o'prosepds and responded: to. He could na'rdly agree with what Mi Douglas had'said with'respect to the bowling and fielding if =his team as he thought the fielding in their second innings was rather loose (no; no); but lhe must say that the cricket in the North 'had greatly im proved lately as moat-l"f the batsmen showed dapital defence, whether they learnt it from the exemplary way ins which their Captain played he did not now, but' their defence; was much stronger than a' few years ago (clheers).' Their bowling was also roMallygood. Cricket was an oxtromoly uncertain game, On;l one which was played under various"as pets, as an illustration of which he might refer to the play that day; for whlen in their scond innngs th'twov frset mo?n of his team has scored upwards of ,0 runs, lo one could have expected to' get' the whole eleven out for a total of 97 rune. Ip,.bus would h ve a cut at thLem (the North)"as long as.' they .' had ' a leg to' tand . on' ,'hnd" 'an" arm to 'bowl with (cheers 'and " laughter). Ho had now a pleasant duty- to perform, which was to present them with the Challenge ! Cup, and ' although, ho? was avorse to playing for a trophy of.that kind ias he considered they should play for tho honor 'of the game alone (Ihar, tear), and there could be no doubt that the introduction of 'cup 'matches in Vic toria was destroying cricket there, as' the contests were now played in a' spirit' of bitter antagonism, still he hoped they night long retain possession of the cup. ?e would now propose the 'Northern team, coupling with the. toast thel name of their captain, Mr John Arthur ,'w"hose brilliant insnings that day lie (Mr Walker) had no heositation in saymgg was tho;boeat piece of cricket he had seen for some tim. His patience was exemplary, for although he (Mr N.) had tried to get him ff his steady play by giving him bowling to hit he found that there was no getting at'him' that way (a laugh). Mr Walker then called upon his team to drink the health of the Northern eleven, which having beeo responlddd to 'in a', most en thusiastie'mannei., Mr W.' A.' Collins said lto had' boen'requostod by Mr Arthur, who had to leave by train, 'td .ro turn"tlhanks eonhis behalf. Mr Collins then referred to, what he hid said four years ago, that the time for the North to achieve decisive victories over the South was past, and if the Souith brought her stidngest eleven into the fibld the North would have to look sharp to retain 'their laurels. ; They 'must' again, have tlfoir .intally, Westbury, and other: contry clubs and not allow tlhem to die out as they' had ddne this season. : It must also be remembered that the South had now the assistance of Mr Walker, to whoso large scores the North owed many of their previous' victories.' After some farther remarks Mr Collins concluded by: pro posineg the toast of the press, umpires, and scorers, all of whom had arduous and unpleasant duties to..perfqrm, but which they had discharged on the present occasion without giving offence of any kind. Mr Mitchell of Hobart Town, in re sponding for the umpires, said it was the, second time he had acted as umpire in a North and South match, " and on both' occasions he found the two elevens to be thorough cricketers (cheers). Thoe,press was responded to by the three representatives present. iMr 'Walker said he had much pleasure in proposing the toast of a gentlemanr present, and in doing so he would ask did they like a 'jolly good feollow ? (yes, yes) Did they appreciate a thorough cricketer 7 (yes, yes). Did they like a 'regular brick (yes, and laughter).. Very. well,- then drink the healtlh of Mr Douglas (laughtser and ceers). . SThe:toast having boon .responded, to with three times three, , lMr Douglas in" thanking them ;for the toast, said,' although. he was an old cricketer it, was some time since he took partin a match, but heat all times felt an interest in toe game,and hoped lhe should live for many years on this tdrreetial globe.to be with them at meetings of that kind (cheers and laughter)... Cricket in his day' was not what it is now, but there were some good cricketers at all times,and he never know a cricketer but what was 'a good fellow' (cheers), for there were less evils, and objectionable practices con nected with cricket th an any other sport, and lhe was only sorry that the country clubs did not go a head better than what they did. , Tie Southern players had not played badly in the present matlh, their fielding and bowling being remarkably good, and the way in which Bailey was caught in the first innings was a magnificont piece bf fielding. Although they had lost a Nor thern player (roforring to Mr Walker) they had gained a Southern one in the person of Mr Hogg, to whom they were munh indebted for their victory on that as well as many other occasions (cheers). He would therefore call upon the company to drink Mr Hogg's health. The toast having been drunk with all honors; ' ".'.Ir Hogg, in' acknowledging the com pliment, said lie thought the flattering re marks of Mr Douglas were misapplied in attributing to him such a largo share of their success that match, as thloconclusion was forced upon him that day, as well as npon previous occasions, that thie cricket Lield was no longer a place for him, and he should therefore next year go in for a billet of scorer or umpire. ("No you won't;" and Mr Collins-" Why you have talked that way for fifteen yeens.) There was one fact which he always noticed existed more on the cricket field in Tas manis than elsewhere, which was that the game was always played in a thorough gentlemanly spirit, no wrangling of any kind ever taking place, as each captain was at all times willing to make little con cessions in order that the match should be thoroughly agreocable. He again thanked them for the toease. TheSouthern team then left the ground, and proceeded to Hobart Town by coach the same evening. They were loudly lcheered as the coach drove away, and heartily returned the compliment. 